Yinsen is alive. Yinsen did not die this time and Tony will feel guilty later, right now he is about bursting with relief.
“No, don’t get up yet. Just, stay.” Tony whines, shaking his head quickly back and forth. Grinning crookedly down at him Steve gives into the request and settles down so Tony can only just breathe in under the weight.
“Is that a live body, FRIDAY?” Tony all but screams, rocketing faster toward it, watching as the form wiggles and shapes into something with four limbs. The core temperature is low, but not quite hypothermia yet. “Narrow in on the signature!”
“Look at you!” Accepting no hug is forthcoming, Obadiah shifts his arm to clasp at Tony’s shoulder instead and the contact seems to simultaneously burn and freeze every nerve in the genius's body. “You get me one of those?” All smiles and laugh lines that Tony could quite honestly punch right off the man’s face.
“Probably.” The shrug is all for Pepper, who shakes her head and begins filling up her rolling bag. He waves at her to leave it all out, miming a lock and key. It’s not like they won’t be right back here in the morning. She hesitates, but eventually pushes the handle of the bag back into its socket and slides the whole thing under the desk.
“Tony.” Pepper replies, straightening her spine to hold back a chuckle. Honestly, she might be the first to tip on this one because ‘metal dick sling’. Gold.
“No.” Rhodey makes a motion to grab him again, but relents when Tony spins to look at his other two friends with a cheerful smile.
“Propose?” Steve agrees, smile pulling up on one side of his face. He feels a ball of bright light pressing into his ribcage, feels hope filling up his chest until nothing more could possibly fit.
As soon as he thinks it he hates himself, because Yinsen was meant for so much more than being trapped in Tony’s personal hell. He can only hope he is just an echo, a construct built for him like a LMD or, maybe more accurately here, a demon. When he rolls to his left this time, he only pulls enough to make a noise. Once does not prove a pattern, but Tony is a smart guy. Here he has Yinsen. If he loops again, those glaring lights will surely blind him. If he doesn’t, well, there is no way anything better is planning to meet him.
“Oh.” Steve sighs deeply and sits down unceremoniously on his plush couch. His head tips back and he lets it rest there as he closes his eyes.
While Steve casually freaks out across from him, Stark just shrugs and decides to accept Steve had some way of knowing about his comings and goings.
“Sam’s always breaking my stuff. What’s he done now?” Tony sighs deeply, making a dramatic show of finishing off his glass and ambling to his feet. His hands shake, just the slightest amount, as he moves to unhitch the gauntlet and partial arm he’d been fiddling with while watching Cupcake Wars.
When he brings himself to meet the other man’s eyes again, the same understanding smile is still in place but his eyes are brighter than before. He looks good happy, Steve thinks and lets a smile pull across his own face.
Tony half expected Steve to backflip off him and out the door, but instead something in Steve’s eyes darkened and he press down on Tony’s wrists. Before Tony could even finish the moan that rushed out of him Steve’s lips had been on his, harsh and demanding and Tony could do nothing more than return the favor.
“What am I supposed to say?” Rogers demands, chuckling just a bit at the end. Jesus is that ever a nice sound. A job well done or something like it.
He starts rocking in wider arcs, drawing big circles with his hips. Steve is letting out an array of deep contented noises, pressing them right into Tony’s tongue, right into the roof of his mouth until he can’t be sure who the noises are coming from anymore. It’s maddening, impossibly wonderful and Tony just wants to melt completely, wants to turn up the heat until he and Steve can be fused into a new shape all together.
Steve swallows thickly when he realizes Tony stopped telling him about his upcoming trip to Japan. Looking up nearly steals all the air from his lungs. Tony is looking at him like he knows exactly what Steve is thinking. Tony is looking at him like he is thinking about the same thing, like he wants to see something on his finger as much as Steve. It’s too much, it’s far too much and Steve won’t let himself act as insane as he feels right now.
The only thing on earth Tony can do in response is crash into him with all the passion of a freight train, barreling off the rails and over the edge of a cliff.
Tony steps out first and Steve follows like they’ve been connected by some invisible string and it can only be pulled so tight. It’s because of this, that they are standing so ridiculously close when Tony turns around to face him.
For a second there is just the sensation of Tony’s smile, just the pressure of him kissing back. Then the world starts spinning and Steve stumbles backwards, clutching at his head as it starts to fracture and throb. He can feel the cry of pain travel up his throat, but the world is flashing too bright by the time it comes out for him to hear it.
“I had a really good time.” Steve murmurs and finally leans back far enough for Tony to start seeing straight again. His hair is a little wild and it seems Tony got a good handle on his collar if the crooked swoop of his T-shirt is anything to go by. Hell, even his hoodie is precariously close to sliding down his arm on the one side. It is a sight, a beautiful one sure, but Tony barely sees it.
As they got closer to the edge, Tony’s eyes widened and he began screaming louder than before, “STEVE! DON’T DO THIS! WE’LL FIND ANOTHER WAY!”
Steve remained silent as his bottom lip started to tremble. The tears coming out of his eyes seemed never ending as he shook his head, turning away, “I’m… sorry, Tony. I’m so so sorry…”
He watched as Tony got Morgan’s attention and then bent down so he was at her eye level. With ease, he brushed her hair out of her eyes and patted it down. He pulled a bobby pin from his pocket and then, as he’s probably done a thousand times before, styled back her hair. He then took a hair tie from his wrist and then put her hair into a low bun. As he pulled her close for a hug, he kissed her forehead about a dozen times. He smiled at her proudly and she then repeated the gesture.
Having a kid demanded a tremendous amount of responsibility. There was time and sacrifice. Steve knew that if he became a father, he would have to give up the shield. He thought he would be okay with it, but the more he thought about it, the more he realized that he would never be able to let go. Cap was all Steve ever knew. He was fearful to lose that part of himself for a new life that he wasn’t even sure he wanted.
. Not alone in Brooklyn. They should all be together, eating dinner as a family. Not seeing each other once every weekend. He parked his car and clenched his jaw, looking down. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath in.
“Where's the Soul Stone?” His partner’s voice was quick and it lacked all traces of patience from before.
Then, a larger than life streak of light pulsed overhead. Steve turned towards the Red Skull wondering if
“Hm?” Steve glanced at her briefly through his rear view mirror before turning back to the road, “I’m sorry?”
Tony pondered on the situation for a few beats before letting his guard down. It was evident that the Red Skull wasn’t the enemy here. Tony tapped on his arc reactor and his armor swiftly returned back inside. He dropped both hands to his sides and carefully walked closer to the Red Skull. He wasn’t scared of him. “How long have you been here?” Tony asked.
Blue eyes soaked up the horrific image of Tony’s broken body lying lifelessly inside the circle on the rock below. His brown eyes, once full of laughter and life, were dead, vacant. His cracked skull soon started oozing out an increasingly large pool of thick red blood.
As he took his time to pull out of the driveway, Tony started fading away like the miniscule blip of happiness Steve felt in those few moments. To his despair, he was soon left with the view of endless green trees and a small child in the back.
Steve and Tony glanced at each other before following behind it. The hooded figure lead the two to, what Tony guessed, the inside of the temple. Or, what was left of it. The only remaining part was the uneven, broken outline of where the walls once were. There were a few wilted dark purple vines clinging on the walls.
“He also told me that you saved him. Like… like a knight in shining armor from the stories he reads to me before I go to sleep.” She made her arms wide, “He said you saved him from...
They haven’t spent much time together after that. Steve threw himself back into battle whenever he could and Tony spent his time caring for Morgan and helping S.H.I.E.L.D whenever he could.
When he began grinning back it took every fiber in Steve's body to stay still. He was restraining himself from simply running up to Tony to hug him, kiss him, hold him, to love him.
“I know it is.” The blond nodded in agreement. His long pause only made the eerie feeling created by their surroundings worse. “Because I don’t know what I’m going to do if it doesn’t.”
She crossed her arms playfully and was practically jumping up and down in her seat. “You have to guess, silly!”
Tony ripped himself away and stepped back. His eyes were frantic. It didn’t take long for what felt like brittle hands to travel down his throat and strangle him. It was hard to talk, hard to think, hard to act. His breathing soon spiraled out of control leaving him struggling for air. He felt light headed. He wanted to faint.  “No… I’m not… I can’t be.” He glared up at his past lover in a distrustful resentment. Flashes of seven years ago plagued his mind. Flashes of Siberia. “No… It’s not me… it was
Tony was about two arms lengths away as he stared at the base of the mountain. His arms were crossed defensively over his chest and he had an indignant scowl spread across his lips. When he looked back up at Steve, there were still traces of resentment evident in his dark eyes. They were cold and uninviting even more so than the planet. Steve remembered what his eyes used to look like, what his eyes used to make him feel. Before they argued, before they fought, before the video.
Regaining his composure, he opened the car door and stepped out. He stared at them with soft eyes as he put his hands inside of the pockets of his leather jacket. He didn’t take a single step closer. He kept his eyes on Tony, only Tony and let out an aching smile. “Hi, Tony,” He said.
The tip of the summit starved Tony's lungs of air. It got harder to breathe, harder to fight, harder to think. With each passing second, his strength seeped from his body. He couldn’t beat Steve hand-to-hand, not without his suit, he knew that. All he could do was plead, “DON’T! PLEASE! I HAVE A KID!”
As soon as Steve and Tony reached the edge of the summit, Steve didn’t hesitate to witness what he feared most. He made the sacrifice. The sacrifice for the greater good.
He came closer and stood behind Steve, “Hey. I’m sorry.” He sighed, eyes focused on the accents of the rocks. “But Steve…” He looked up and reached his arm out but quickly stopped himself. He shoved it inside of his pocket. “We’re… we’re wasting time standing here doing nothing. We’ll find another way to get that stone.”
After being awarded the medal for bravery by an unenthusiastic Stern, Rhodey had taken a personal leave to stay with Tony for two weeks. Those two weeks were always carried in a special place in Tony’s heart, the brief retreat to earlier days had smoothed away their shared guilt and anger. But in this strange repeat, the reaffirmed friendship is far from the best thing that weekend gave him.
He looks at the face plate for a long moment, takes a few measured breaths. His palms feel wet. “It was a ring box.” Steve finally lets out in one huff, brow going tight and worried. For a second the room is so completely and utterly silent. Something coils around his chest and he forces himself to look back into the eye slits of the suit. “With a ring in it.” He continues, rather pointlessly because Iron Man seems to perfectly understand the seriousness now.
"Should you be having coffee this late?" Steve asks and even Tony can tell it is an empty platitude, something said so often his mouth is making the noises without conscious effort.
“Together.” He mouths to himself, fingers too tight against the box. He can feel the material starting to give, can see the little indents pushing in under his grip. It feels pointless, but he opens the top with a flick of his thumb and gasps at the ring sitting in a bed of deep red velvet. His knees feel like water, a fresh sweat is breaking out on his skin. Yet, he stays upright and fused in place.
Then Stark is zeroing in on Banner and Steve is overcome with some deep pit of not quite anger as he watches them suddenly connect. He tries to contribute, tries to ask intelligent questions but Stark does not look at him until Steve stupidly admits to getting the Wizard of Oz reference. The smirk it gets him feels worse than being ignored and Steve is nothing but relieved when the scientists leave the room.
“I’m glad to see you are feeling alright, then.” Steve cuts off and he can’t help but laugh. This really is Iron Man. All this time, all those conversations, it’s been those expressions playing behind the face plate. It is gorgeous. Tony’s face is so ubsurdly expressive, like it’s trying to make up for all the time Steve spent just imagining it.
“Nah, my point stands. You’re perfect.” The statement is said casually, with a wave of the hand to push away the sentiment before it can stick. Steve feels charmed all the same.
“Kiss me.” Tony pleads, pursing his lips and rubbing their foreheads together until Steve gets with the program. It takes a second, probably because Steve seems incapable of looking away from their hands on eachother, but when he finally gets his lips on Tony everything clicks over into perfect. His lips are just as good as before, but there is now a live wire connecting them to Tony’s cock and it pulses with every stroke of Steve’s hand. Tony sucks desperately on his tongue, bites down into his lip to hold onto something as the world starts to spin out of control.
He buys a plain black baseball cap and listens to her talk about the tom cats preference for sardines like he never scratched behind its ear.As if he never bought a set of fine leather gloves too small for his own hands from this very store. He knows, is completely certain he never once came in here.
He drags his thumb up the side of Tony’s, feels the way their skin catches against the little scars and calluses littering Tony’s skin. His middle finger rests on the knuckle of Tony’s ring finger. He pulls it up and back over the skin there, imagines feeling brushed and imperfect tungsten instead.
“Awesome.” He replies and reaches out to down it. She stops him with a light hand on his forearm. With mock sternness she pauses him with a finger.
“If you’re not ready, it’s okay.” Steve rushes out then, looking Tony in the eye like he is half a second away from giving a lecture on enthusiastic consent. “I like just kissing you, too.”
“What the hell are you hiding under there?” Rhodey demands when they are left alone in what Tony assumes is some important person’s personal tent. The cot is very comfortable and the desk to the left is covered in papers and folders. There is even a red rug under his feet.
“Be a good man and drop this down in my shop would you, Cap? You still know the code, don’t you?” He says and tosses the case to Steve, not bothering to watch if he caught it before moving towards the doorway.
Attempt two of creating space between them doesn’t go much better because now Tony can fully see Steve’s face. It’s so red, blotchy across his cheeks and nose, bleeding down unevenly to his neck. Tony can almost see it continuing under his rumpled T-shirt and, holy shit, why on earth did he stop kissing that neck?
“Stark,” A faint voice says and Tony feels the thread in his forehead pull taught like it always does. The blue of those eyes make his lips wobble and he opens the face plate without hesitation.
“Tony, stop stalling.” And damn was there any real hope of not telling Pepper every last detail. At least about Obadiah and his newest body modification. The whole time travel thing not so much.
“You can tell me what to do.” Tony whispers against that perfectly bowed top lip and feels the tiny shudder the words inspire in Steve. It feels like home.
“Never thought you wouldn’t.” She says back softly, not judgemental. If anything she sounds proud of him. He nods and signs off, trusting her to relay the message to all relevant parties. It takes him sometime to step out of the suit and even longer to gather the courage to go back to Steve.
Somehow, Tony lasts another full week of pretending he can’t feel the melancholy of being alone wearing Rogers down before he completely crumbles.
Tony stops walking again, breathing deeply and stretching up to alleviate the pull along his shoulder blades and hips. The two knots at his front come undone easily and he is quickly stationed next to Yinsen. The man is pale, but no more so than he was on the last check and Tony cannot remove the leather but the bleeding had stopped. Some time ago he did remove the tourniquet, hoping to prevent nerve damage, and luckily Yinsen’s heartbeat had not changed much since then. Tony cannot help but wonder again if the loss of one of Yinsen’s legs warrants a retry. The answer is not forthcoming, so he stands, fastens the wires and ignores how intensely he does not want to wake up on that operating table.
It’s not a new thought, but it still gets his head spinning a little bit. It’s so different, this connection, this never ending spark, actually wanting to keep someone around day after day after day. And he wants to, oh god, he wants to keep Steve right here for the rest of their lives. It feels imperative, like his very atoms will fizzle out and dissipate if they break for anything more than air.
“Stark?” His voice cracks at the end and he can feel his breathing speed up. He knows this is new information, he knows for a fact he never even suspected Iron Man could have been this man. Yet, this is not the first time Steve has seen his face under a cracked face plate, it is not the first time he thought of them as one in the same.
“Don’t worry kids, Daddy knows what he is doing.” They both balk at that and continue to follow him out across the hall and out into the courtyard. He cuts across and towards the parking lot, where he can see Happy jumping into the driver's seat.
“Stark, we need a plan of attack.” Steve shouts after him, feeling some strange lurching under his ribs as the suit stalks farther and farther away. There is a rope tethered between them, stretching impossibly as the gap grows. The panic from before is pooling back in and he has to press against it harder now to keep focused on the mission.
The conversation goes somehow worse than any of their other short interactions. Stark refuses to take anything seriously and never ever stops moving. He is an overload of input, filling every one of Steve's senses and demanding every inch of his focus with every shift in posture. Steve tries to stay calm, tries to be reasonable and keep his head on the conflict at hand, but everything out of his mouth is somehow twisted and balled to be thrown back in his face by Stark.
The meeting with Obadiah runs exactly to script, mostly identical to his last life and immortalized in a tiny black rectangle. The man knew about the arc reactor and when he touched the thing Tony nearly threw up. He promised Obadiah he will lay low while simultaneously planning to attend every single board meeting ever and calls Happy to pick him up the second the man leaves. Pepper comes along and relays the information she got back from the hospital, which mysteriously had Tony listed as Yinsen’s next of kin in their databases. (Tony had some time  and access to the internet while waiting for Obadiah to arrive). She also gave him a list of all the meetings they would need to schedule and in a bizarre change of position had demanded Tony take some time to himself and not attend every meeting the day after coming home.
Romanov tells him to sit it out, tells him he is out matched by these God's of legend. He does not hesitate, can think of little else than the need to follow the pull in his sternum. If this man is anything so powerful as the one God Steve knows, Stark needs all the help he can get.
“And what on earth might that be?” Pepper asks, while Rhodey just wipes a hand down his face with a deep all encompassing sigh.
“You know it’s true. I know-” Tony bites back that, because really there is no way the person he was at this point would have even considered Obadiah, even though the signs all blazed out in hindsight.“I think I know who tipped them off.”
Tony stretches into wakefulness, grinning at the feel of a heavy arm pressing his chest down into the mattress. He can feel the steady breath blowing faintly into his neck. Morning is just starting to threaten at the corners of the window and Tony feels pleasantly rested and warm. He starts to shift out of bed, deciding he needs a nice cup of coffee to watch the sunrise.
Steve ticks on the coffee maker and still there is no reaction from the other occupant of the room. Part of him wants to say something, wants to get the guy to look up and react to his existence somehow. The other, well the other part is fixated. He can’t look away, can’t be bothered to even remember why he came here in the first place.
“All good things I promise.” Stark replies immediately, waving his hands in front of him in reassurance. He seems to catch the silliness of the gesture and lets them drop back to the table with a chuckle. Smoothing one hand through his hair and grabbing his mug for another sip, he continues, “I doubt there would be anything bad to tell.”
“Damn fool,” Tony yells into the void of the snow filled valley. Nothing, absolutely nothing for the last thirty minutes and they are closing in on the final five acres. “Rogers, you fucking shit head, get up and answer me!” He demands, flicking the outer speaker to full volume because even if Steve is dead he needs to hear this.
The thought catches, snags in Tony’s brain and he needs to fix that right now. He shuffles, uses his body to shove Steve back into the couch. The whine Steve lets out when that separates his lips from Tony’s skin is almost enough to derail him, but then Tony can see the bulge under Steve’s zipper and his focus zeros in.
“Morning, Cap.” Iron Man calls out as he steps in through the automatic glass door. His foot falls are steady as he makes his way straight to where Steve is now sitting on a set of heavy metal and black cushioned arm chairs. They are designed to hold all of the armor’s weight without issue and comfortable enough for Steve to spend long hours in them. Which he may have done a near uncountable number of times, both with and without Iron Man next to him.
“Oh fuck.” Steve groans into his mouth and his thrusts grow more frantic, more using Tony’s hand than allowing for any real finesse. Which honestly is just as well because he can’t think past the feel of Steve’s lips and hand and bulk pressing more and more into him. He is so surrounded and held and it is getting to be too much.
“It’s no better than I deserve.” Tony admits, leaning back into the elevator wall. His whole body feels too heavy to keep up anymore and he just wants to be back leaning into Steve’s side; just wants to curl into him for a while.
“Har har, chuckles.” He snarks back, but there is a curl to the side of his mouth and Steve just laughs. “I can drink it just fine.”
“Well, this is–” Steve starts, but he can’t bring himself to say this situation isn’t what he was referring to. To be honest, Steve wouldn’t mind if this tentative step into friendship lead somewhere more romantic.
“It’s points that say how smart you are, so no not exaggerating.” He insists and, yeah, this is definitely working.
“You’re always welcome.” Tony responds and this time his distraction is clearly coming from the blue print instead of whatever sparked it moments ago. Steve shakes his head and goes back to work.
He always thought when Iron Man really wanted to tell him, he would know. When it wasn’t just because he felt bad for not trusting Steve with something so protected, he would listen and keep the secret with more care than he did anything else. Maybe it came down to that, to being cheated of the gift this knowledge should have been.
“It is what it is. I have moved on.” She looks incredulous even though Tony really can say the statement is true. That opens a can of worms though, so he gives into her disbelief. “At least I will once I catch the guy in this and I don’t want you or Rhodey even remotely involved.”
“I’m only mad at myself for not seeing it.” He tries for a chuckle, but it comes out too short and soft to really get the message across. Tony is still looking at him though and his smile pulls up just a bit. Tension slowly seeps out of Steve and he smiles back, kind and soft. “You’re too good a man to let someone else do the heavy lifting for you, Stark.”
“I went looking didn’t I?” He snaps back, but deflates when her face shifts into something sad. She cares deeply for both of them, he knows that most of the time, but he feels it like a punch to the gut right now.
Beside that though, there is an uneasiness in the line of his shoulders, a hesitance in his breathing. Tony pulls his legs a bit more together, adjusts so he is no longer sitting flat on Steve’s erection. Unfortunately, the movement is anything but graceful and Tony hisses when his own dick bumps into the side of Steve’s hip.
Steve could get Tony to write off one night stands and parties with people he barely tolerated, in exchange for going to the school football games and taking an entire day drive to Vermont for no other reason than spending time together. He could get Tony to pine after him for nearly a year and a half without letting on for a second that he was doing the same thing. He could be brave and charming and wonderful, by suddenly squaring his shoulders and looking Tony dead in the eye mid argument over some dumb TV show. Only to then chance everything and kiss Tony like the entire world was ending and this was the last thing he would ever do.
There were times, only a couple, where Iron Man hinted at wanting to tell Steve. It always happened late at night, always with them sat in those black cushioned chairs and after hours of light hearted conversation. Each time Steve would tell him not to say it, that knowing wouldn’t change anything. He could tell Iron Man didn’t really want to say anything, could tell it came out of guilt and shame. It ate at the other man, Steve could always see that, but not for any reason that made Steve want the confession.
“Of course I know you.” He admits on a shrug. It is true, true in more ways than Tony could understand, but the idea doesn't make him feel as uneasy as all the other unanswered questions. If the strange new belongings and missing clothing come with extra knowledge on Tony, well it can’t be all bad. “You’re my best friend.”
“I’m just–” Tony starts when Steve is silent for too long, but the noise pulls him into action. In two short steps he is hovering over him. In one quick movement he has Tony’s face cupped in both his hands. He brings them in close, makes their eyes focus and let’s his frustration scrunch up his face. Eyes wide, Tony just stares and remains silent as Steve takes a moment to gather his thoughts.
Pepper gestures to her watch at that, nearly 10:30 PM, but he just shrugs. He knows Rogers is awake, sleeping emotions are muted and far away, and even if he didn’t it gets earlier when you go west. It’s not like 9:30 PM is really that late on a Tuesday night. The guy is barely in his late twenties.
“I kept thinking that I wanted to give it to you. It didn’t make any sense because I didn’t even really know you. But it was meant for you and I knew it.” Steve traces over Tony’s fingers, never looking away from Tony’s eyes as he speaks.
Tony manages to unknot the wires from his chest again before the choppers touch down a few feet to his right. However, he only starts to raise to his feet before strong arms are wrapping tightly around him and moving him up towards the aerial vehicle. He can’t stop the shaking laugh at the mention of the ‘Funvee’. Can’t help the hopeless wish for an earlier start time when Rhodey makes him promise to ride together from now on.
“I think I’m starting to like you Rogers.” He can’t help but admit. Honestly if he has to be stuck feeling anyone's emotions, at least dealing with them comes with some nice perks on his part.
“Not like that!” Tony blurts and Steve takes a reflexive step back, eyes wide at the really unnecessary volume of that outburst. Tony’s skin is buzzing. “Not, not if you don’t want to. We can just sleep, you know, next to each other.” Tony tries and, oh fuck, that is not better. That is worse than trying to get him to have sex honestly. That gives away too much, too soon. Tony has a reputation, asking for sex can be brushed off, but genuinely asking to cuddle while they fall asleep is not something anyone on earth would ever expect to hear from him.
“Why on earth would you leave the team?” He asks gently, keeping eye contact even when Tony tries to glance away.
Enough times in Tony’s life he has found peace in the idea of not making it out of a mess, of just being done. Of course, in the end he is thankful for all the people and circumstances that prevented his suicides by apathy, but each time he also really just wanted to hate them for it. Tony will never be able to actually do it himself. The world needs his skills and resources too much for him to just selfishly walk away, to not try harder and harder. And each time the last minute save works out, he never can quite keep that tiny flag of disappointment at bay. Yinsen is much the same as him. The man is skilled and intelligent and idealistic for a future Tony knows will disappoint him. If Tony makes that decision for him, Yinsen will keep going and maybe do something truly great and Tony just doesn’t want to force him.
“It’s nice, peaceful.” Rogers insists, nothing but relaxed amusement flowing through him. Reassured by the feeling, Tony decides he can be all out in his humor.
“Tonight I wanted to propose.” Steve says without thought, but he can’t regret the admission. It is crazy to think of it in the context of the memories he had at the time, but here and now every bit of it makes sense. “That’s why I grabbed your hand. I kept thinking about that ring on your finger and I felt like I was losing my mind.” Tony is looking at him with more love than Steve’s ever seen. It makes him want to do something crazy, makes him want to run into the bedroom and not leave for days on end.  “I wanted to tell you I loved you when we got to the door.”
“Not knowing something isn’t the same as being bad at it.” Stark reassures him, sentiment serious for all the teasing in his tone. It sombers Steve’s mood even more. He can tell Stark really believes it and it stirs up something in his chest. Suddenly he is that small skinny kid, looking up at Peggy and finally feeling like someone other than Bucky can see him. Someone is looking and doesn’t find him lacking. “You are practically an expert now. Anything you try, you’re good at by the end of the day.”
Tony breathes sharply in through his nose to dislodge that persistent thought. No use in resenting an already impossible situation, there is plenty of pain to prevent from this start already.
“Still.” Steve can’t help but reply. Even if they can fall into this as easily as they seem to be doing right now, he knows he’ll want to really apologize for it at some point. He said some terrible things, picked a fight with the first person to push his buttons and no matter how much of a role Loki played, he still regrets it.
“Sweetheart, stop.” Suddenly, Steve is right there, face close up to Tony once again. He has a finger on Tony’s lips and he is smiling that soft and beautiful smile of Tony’s terrible hypothetical poetry. The endearment makes something deep in Tony’s bones settle, float to the bottom of a pool and rest.
His hands are out of his control, like he’s just now acquired fingers and doesn’t know how to make them bend. They’re cold too, but his throat is raw from the tube and he needs water. There is a cup to his left, on a table he recognizes but can’t think about past the dry rough cough aching for release. When the cup clashes into the hard floor, his cough escapes in two rough curling bursts that pull his body fully onto his left side.
He knew the thing was pressurized, knew the metal was strong and sharp and a bit unstable. But, he hadn’t slept more than three hours at a time since, since everything. He kept replaying Siberia over and over in his head, wishing he could reach into his own brain and scrape the memory out. Wanting to yank at the knowledge and the betrayal and his own mistakes until there is nothing left. So, he ignored FRIDAY’s warnings, ignored the quiet thrum under his hand and recklessly pushed into the seems at the six millionth replay of a shield hitting the ground and eyes looking away.
Steve grips the bathroom sink and takes three steadying breaths. He is going on a date with Tony. He really, really wants to be going on a date with Tony. God, it is happening.
“You don’t even wear a hat, Cap.” He shakes his head and really considers finally giving into the call of the scotch. His thumb spasms a bit on the lip of the glass and he turns to Steve, tilting it a bit towards him. “Care to find out?”
For a long moment, when he clasped Steve’s hand in his own, he considered never letting go. But, Rogers seemed filled to the brim with the anticipation of Tony doing something, anything really, and the pressure choked him out. Instead he let himself linger for a bit too long and then pulled back to join Bruce in the car. Besides, beneath that anticipation Tony could feel how trapped and overwhelmed the man out of time felt. The barely contained need to run was something familiar to Tony and he couldn’t let this pulsing ache add him to the walls of Rogers’ cage. He let the guy go and resolved to not bother with him until Roger’s initiated the contact. Of course, this resolve very quickly cracked under its own weight.
He shrugs it off and thanks JARVIS as he takes the cup, sipping it greedily when he realizes his creamer is already mixed in. Seems Stark as been tinkering with his kitchen appliances. The idea makes him feel unreasonably warm, so he swallows the last of his cup and rinses it in the sink.
Still. He looked young. Younger than the eight year age difference really should be accounting for, even with the bags under the eyes and the sagging of his skin from injury and neglect. That and the fact that although Yinsen started his script much the same way every time, if Tony deviated wildly so did the other man. On trial six, Tony had immediately stood up, grabbed the battery off the table and staggered towards the metal door. Yinsen had cut himself shaving, before flinging himself at Tony and guiding him back to the bed. When Tony told him he was already dead and just looping through a dream, the scientist had been so utterly flabbergasted he’d missed the banging door. They both got shot and Tony did not bring it up the following two times.
“I really should get going.” Steve tells him, but Tony feels more than hears the words as they vibrate across his lips. It makes him whine, pulls a little pathetic noise from deep in his throat as he presses their faces closer in protest. For a long moment, it seems Steve has given up on the idea in favor of using his tongue to drive Tony insane.
Steve is panting next to him, but his hand is wound in with Tony’s and the solid weight of it is so calming Tony could melt into the bed. He wants to stay like this for hours, wants to keep Steve’s hand in his even after they get dressed, wants to asks Steve to stay until morning this time.
That voice is what finally does him in and Tony lets the tears well up in his eyes. Lets them spillover as his breath goes uneven. God he missed JARVIS.
They are rare creatures, even rarer in North America. The chances that Stark could be one of these creatures without being on SHIELD’s list… Then it hits her and she nearly reals back at the realization.
“What?! No! Of course not!” Tony all but squeaks back. “We almost killed each other before Loki broke out and the whole world ending shit distracted us!”
After that it all starts to click into place. It doesn’t matter. Steve knows the truth now sure, but the bond is old and worn in. The only thing that needs to change is that Steve can see Iron Man as often as he wants to now. He can go track down Tony when he’d usually been told Iron Man is off location.
The store is a little dark, most of the light coming from the large windows up front instead of any overhead. It is set up not unlike one of the thrift stores Clint likes to visit, a mix of books and glass figurines sharing shelves sat next to racks of clothing. Large framed paintings and photos lean up against the left wall and three aisles break up half of the otherwise open space. Most of it is filled with a mixture of arm chairs and side tables, though one full size couch is pushed in front of the window just beside a large oak counter set up to be the check out. It is quaint and Steve relaxes upon realizing he is looking at it all for the first time.
All he can do is be thankful. Rhodey will be there and so will Tony, a week early. Maybe that will spare his dearest friend some of that pain. If only the loop started sooner, he could have spared him it all.
“You…” Tony starts, but it catches. His lower lip is trembling and his eyes brim over before Steve can say anything else. His voice is almost too soft to hear, too terrified, when he asks,  “everything?”
Aside from the stillness there is nothing new or particularly interesting about Starks appearance. He is in one of his usual suits, jacket tossed over the back of his chair and sleeves rolled to the elbows. The vest is still on, though unbuttoned and his tie is only loosened enough to allow his collar to splay open to the first button. He wears a watch on his left wrist, a silver piece with a large black face that likely lights up when he tilts his wrist in just the right way. Sunlight catches in his hair and Steve is struck by how light some of the strands are, a vibrant honey brown weaved in along the near black of the artful tousle.  Even though his face is relaxed and tired, Steve can make out the marks of laugh lines around both of his eyes, can almost trace the worry lines on his forehead. His fingers itch to smooth down the deep furrow between his brows.
“Sorry, sorry. Didn’t mean to just…” Steve is saying, all blotchy red in the face again. It makes Tony blink back into the world and that just simply won’t do. He uses the new space to pull his sticky hand out from between them, takes just enough time to wipe it against his rucked up shirt, and then flings it over Steve’s back to join the other. With now two arms worth of leverage, he yanks Steve back down on top of him so they are flush chest to chest, noses scant inches apart.
“There is. I need you to get that agent you talked with today on my calendar ASAP.” He saw Coulson in the back talking to her right as he’d stepped onto the stage. His entire plan had hinged on the guy coming into the picture and he is glad he remembered Pepper mentioning how she’d met the agent correctly.
“Yes!” His grins grows even wider, even more fake. “I need to keep looking my best now that I’m no longer CEO. I’m scoping out some people who might want me as a kept man.”
“Yeah.” Tony beams at him, so stunningly happy that Steve can’t stop himself from stealing another kiss. Can’t stop himself from stealing a couple more after that.
“Of course.” JARVIS still sounds apologetic and Steve takes it with a tense smile.  “He sends his thanks.”
The other part is so unreasonably excited by the idea of waking up to Steve in his bed tomorrow, it just might burst right out of his skin.
“Best I’ve ever had.” He tries to joke, but finds the words come out too sincere. They didn’t even make it fully out of any of their clothes, barely lasted more than two solid minutes. Yet, Tony can’t even tell himself the statement is an exaggeration. He’s never felt this intensely satisfied in his life.
“Oh, the Grecians do booze good.” She lets her cheek dimple at that and he chuckles back with a shrug, completely unabashed in his fumbling words.
The flames clear enough way for them to continue the punishing rush towards the faint light of a sunrise streaming around a corner. Everywhere the volume of voices is ratcheting higher, the world suddenly awake and bursting all around them. Yinsen is keeping pace, breath heavy and grip firm on the UMP45 pressed into his right shoulder. He is shooting it, but Tony is too busy deploying the manual rocket and blocking any incoming fire to register the targets.
With Steve though, god, it just makes him feel so good. He loves being crowded into the wall, loves how Steve can cover his entire body without trying at all. It makes him want things, want to grasp and grind and move this to a more horizontal location. Steve’s hands are so big, they can hold Tony’s entire head between them, block his view from anything but those plump pink lips. His arms, his arms are so strong, firm and warm and Tony could run his hands over them all day and still find a new curve to investigate. And his shoulders. They are perfect, solid and wide and shaped exactly for Tony’s arms to drape over them, for his hand to clutch into and hold when Steve twirls his tongue just so.
Tony tries to slow his breath, unclenches his fingers and slowly eases his hands off Steve’s shoulders. He places them on both of Steve’s own, gently pulling them from his hips so he can lean back further. That seems to wake Steve up a bit and he finally looks at Tony. His pupils are blown black and there is enough hunger there to make Tony swallow.
“Yes, don’t you think I’d make a good kept man?” He asks, gesturing down at himself as if a half burned shirt and mostly soaked pants were the height of fashion.
He knew objectively that Steve liked him, that Steve must like kissing him and cuddling and holding hands. They did all those things so often that Tony at least knew Steve liked him enough to indulge the excessive amount of each that Tony demanded. He always seemed to enjoy it even, seemed to get just as into their make out sessions. Still, it feels like the idea is just now hitting Tony. Steve wants him, wants him enough to be kneading his fingers into the back of Tony’s head, to be looking at Tony with so much hunger it steals all the air from the world.
“No, no. More.” Tony is saying, even before Steve really opens his eyes. Again, it works for a moment, it always works for a moment and that is the best thing about Steve, honestly. He leans in closer, pressed tight and hard. His mouth is closed but so firm and plump. God, how is just pressing their mouths together so wonderful?
He doesn’t want to, but his eyes flicker from one magnet to the other and lock into Steve’s. There seems to be something else, some words Steve wants to unload into the empty room around them. That’s where they always end up though, Tony waiting and Steve keeping everything unspoken. When Steve lets out a sigh Tony isn’t surprised and graciously lets Steve look away. He never mattered enough to say it outloud, just some dirty little secret Steve keeps from himself. He long ago accepted that.
The pain is there, rough and harsh and oh my god like nothing he has ever felt. But it’s also not, it’s happening to someone else, someone far away and long ago.
“Sure.” Steve manages, blinking a few times and looking away from Tony’s profile only to find it layed out on his sketch pad. “You okay with me staying down here to finish my sketch?”
“Yinsen.” Tony says again to Rhodey, clutching tighter and trying to convey just how important that unconscious man is to him. Rhodey hefts them both up into the chopper and straps Tony into one of the chairs.
Tony swallows finally, a dry and forced thing. He tries for a smile, grimaces and adds, "no, no. Never mind. Pretend I didn't ask."
He chugs about half the container of orange juice before taking a long shower. When he gets out and dresses he keeps his eyes turned up when grabbing a pair of socks. Turns out kids have got something good going there with the whole ‘if I can’t see you, you don’t exist thing.’
“Rhodey.” Tony tries, but the gratitude is breaking his voice somewhere towards the end. The other man’s smile comes right along with it.
“I go for the company,” Tony cuts in, turning briskly to set the gauntlet down in its casing on the coffee table. It hits him that maybe he admitted a bit too much there, so he hastens to add,  “no one else in this suped up bomb shelter will play me at chess anymore. Too many hurt feelings.”
“All right.”A choked off gasp and the sound of a tube opening. A delighted laugh and Tony sighs deep and content. “All right. I’ll stay.”
“Coffee?” He repeats dummly, looking up at the ceiling in confusion. In all the time he’s been staying here, he can not remember having coffee before his run. Nor does he recall ever having it automated by JARVIS, taking the preparation upon himself when he does indulge.
“I don’t know!” Tony yelps back, looking a bit fuzzy all over. It makes Rhodey’s stomach lurch sideways.
The burning of jet fuel drowns out any other sound and Tony focuses entirely on getting enough horizontal distance while preventing too much vertical raise. The rudimentary stabilizers in his forearms are nearly pointless, but any aim is better than blind tumbling out of the sky. The boots begin to putter and short, just a few moments before the stabilizers completely run out of fuel and they are sinking heavy through the air. Managing to keep Yinsen above him is all Tony can manage, but a poorly cushioned landing will be better than being crushed into the sand by 300 pounds of metal. Besides, somehow Tony did manage to buoy the descent, so the collapse is not as sharp as his last life’s attempt.
“...Alright.” Rogers concedes and god this guy is good at the deadpan voice. It’s all Tony can do to bite back a snigger, actually pressing his palm against his mouth to keep the sound in. Pepper looks honestly shocked at his reactions, but continues to stack her personal cords and pens into her large Kate Spade tote.
Tony seems caught for a minute by that, poised between two conflicting emotions. Happiness wins in the end though and his smile may be shaky, but it feels like the single best thing Steve’s ever done.
“What, you got a bra in the couch cushions or something?” Iron Man asks and Steve snorts so hard he feels it all the way to the back of his throat.
With painstaking effort Steve lifts his still frozen hand, rests it on the side of Tony’s neck and the armor feels like a cruel barrier. Tony sobs.
“I wanted to propose there, you know.” Steve tells him when they pull apart. He lets Tony take back his hand, moving his own to Tony’s waist and smiling when Tony draped both arms over his shoulders.
“How’s Nebraska, Capsical?” Tony responds in lue of a greeting, because why on earth wouldn’t he know Tony is calling? He’s had the number long enough to have programmed it into his phone no matter which line JARVIS used.
Avengers’ movie nights where anything but scheduled at first and more like something that just started happening once or twice monthly without any conscious decision. Now though, every third Tuesday (or Wednesday if super villains decided they needed to shit on that particular parade), they all congregated at 7 o’clock sharp. Always in lounge wear and ready to spend the first twenty minutes arguing for their bid. They’d considered setting up some type of schedule, but half the fun came from pleading for votes. It brought them all together more than any amount of joint training ever could and was certainly something everyone looked forward to.
“No, I did it so I could sleep at night. Distracting you is just a happy side effect.” Tony grins at him and lets their hands separate. Rhodey moves further back but his eyebrows are pulled tight together and his eyes are stern in warning.
“Yinsen, he, t-they shot him.” Tony manages between clinging to the straps of Rhodey’s pack and stumbling in the sand. “He helped me, we have to-”
“A kept man?” She sighs and brings up one hand to rub at her temple. It’s always down here that she remembers why backing off all those times had been a good idea.
It’s too soon to be thinking like that, so incrediblly too soon for him to feel this close to bursting with affection, with something deeper than can be named. Yet, he still opens that box every morning, still runs the pad of his finger up against the writing inside the band. From the first time he saw the thing he imagined it on a work rough hand, tan and masculine. It would fit Tony perfectly, would slide on and stay just where Steve settled it.
Yinsen looks up from his scribblings of partial code and equations as Tony takes a seat next to him by the fire. He keeps them close to his chest as he slides them into the pillowcase turned secret satchel, back preventing camera three from catching their existence. It’s more cautious than Tony knows they need to be, never once did anyone even glance at the plans last time, but Yinsen feels more secure this way. Plus, Tony cannot be certain the lack of supervision came from ignorance and not the stealth of their movements, so he merely follows suit and does not comment.
Long moments pass with them just looking at each other, speaking in some old language of soft breathes and gentle brushes of fingers on skin. “Thank you, Tony.” Steve speaks nearly directly into Tony’s mouth. His voice is heavy but soft and it settles deep into Tony’s bones.
They’re quiet as the ride up and Steve doesn’t even think about where they’re going. His eyes are closed and he can feel the rhythm of Tony’s breathing against his arm. He wonders if they will spend the night together, if he might be able to talk Tony into at least sleeping next to each other. The empty side of his bed would fit Tony perfectly, Steve would fit exactly into the space Tony leaves open on his own bed.
“I’m not following.” Tony admits, but his hand keeps running through Steve’s hair, the other is starting to rub circles into his back. It feels so perfect, feels like something his body’s been missing for years.
Humming, Tony can hear the man humming clearly. The thin mattress under his shoulder does nothing to cover the sharp metal of the bed frame and that is so sharply familiar. It’s playing out exactly as it should, but he feels too aware, able to decide his own movements more than unconsciousness usually allows. Everything is in such sharp focus. This can’t be a dream, the dampness in this bones is too heavy. Nothing but being wide awake feels like this. He wants to laugh, cry even. He died, finally died and this is what was waiting behind the curtain all this time.
They are standing here in this kitchen, face to face but not eye to eye and Steve feels like he is across the country, across the damn universe. From far away he speaks. “I…I did know that.” When Tony simply continues to look at the blue chip clip magnet a few inches from Steve’s right ear, he clarifies. “About your parents.”
“Pepper?” She closes her eyes with a sigh. “Happy?” He shakes his head, but there is a laugh in his eyes and Tony can’t fight back a brighter grin as he claps his sore hands together. “No, okay then just two cheeseburgers, a milkshake and a press conference.”
Then a small object is falling down from the sky. Stark. And Steve can feel the tether loosening because he is back in this place with him, still a part of this world. Hulk grabs him and Steve feels the impact and impossible hope bubbles up inside him. He wouldn’t still feel this if Stark was dead, would he?
When she looks back up, Tony is staring at her, torch still lit and mouth tight. They hold each other's gaze for the second time since she came in, but now it is charged with something heavier, something worse. Just as she opens her mouth to ask what he is so fiercely holding back, the torch hisses and spits its flame a little further out.
“I love you too, butthole.” Tony beams back and pats Rhodey’s head with his free hand before laying it down on the hotplate it’d been resting on before. Something about that seems a little odd to Rhodey, but the blinking red light on the thing’s face takes up his focus for a good few minutes until he thinks to say anything about it.
It is another one of those half formed memories, something hazy and slipping away even as Steve tries to recall the specifics. They’ve never sat and watched a movie together. Stark never even comes to the team movie nights, no matter how many times Steve tells him he is more than welcome. In fact, now that he focuses more on the images in his mind, Iron Man was the one to tell him he and Stark would be going to Hong Kong. Steve was eating the popcorn by himself.
Tony is laying across the length of it now and Steve is looming over him, still between Tony’s splayed legs and gripping Tony’s waist and ass tight. It casts his entire face in shadow, makes his already lust filled eyes look even darker. Then he swallows, his grip loosening and face getting a little uncertain.
like Tony hasn’t been with several close seconds. He’s bumped his uglies with a rather wide array of lovely bodies and for all they have a nice place in his spank bank memory, he never wanted to just kiss them goodbye for twenty minutes straight. He never wanted to actually
Pepper sighs deeply, but the hyperbola seems to calm her. Tony Stark is being a melodramatic fool? Ah, business as usual then.
“Is this okay?” He asks and Tony realizes that he is literally just laying limply on the couch and staring at Steve. It takes a great effort to do much else though, because Steve literally just picked him up and tossed him down on the couch, just crawled over him and caged him under his bulk. It’s just like being backed into the wall all over again and, also, about ten million times better. The whole world exists right here, in the space between their chests.
Tony gasps at the jarring halt to their rhythm, eyes flying open and cock throbbing in protest. He leans back, breathing too fast as he tries to catch Steve’s eyes. They’re squeezed shut, tight enough to mimic the vice like grip of his hands on Tony. If he weren’t so worried about what went wrong, Tony would shudder at the outright insane show of strength. He can’t more than lean back with how tight Steve’s holding him and it’s nothing short of unreasonably hot.
“Sorry sorry!” Iron Man replies, back straightening. The static tapers off while Steve schools his features into a less manic grin. The smile doesn’t completely dissolve though and Iron Man seems more relaxed, his posture easy and friendly like Steve has come to know.
“How did this even happen?” He asks softly, being sure to keep his voice calm and keep rubbing into Tony’s back.
A good part of his reaction can honestly be blamed on how well Tony wears a sport coat, but that isn’t all. Steve remembers seeing Tony just like this, hands in the pockets of his fitted black trousers and tiny smile tucked into the corners of his perfectly trimmed mustache. The T-shirt is black and Steve knows without looking there is a zoomed in picture of a cat’s face on the front. The cat is mostly white and has a brown patch covering it’s left ear and eye. Most of it will be covered now, the grey sport coat buttoned over his navel, but when they sit down he’ll open it and Steve will see the shirt. He commented on it last time, wonders if he should comment on it the same way again.
“Thanks.” With a deep breath, he lets himself focus back on the main point of the announcement. It does not take long especially when he feels Rogers slip from worry into curiosity and some kind of sad empathy. It feels a little too close to the low constant thrum of loneliness Tony’s been living with for the last weeks. “Uh, ring him up.”
“Fine, what are you doing?” It sounds nothing like a pleasantry, coming out not unlike the commands the Captain issued during their battle. Tony actually laughs aloud at it.
The A.I. immediately responds and directs Steve to the penthouse floor. The quickness startles him, but Steve just goes to the elevator and rides up without comment. When they open, he stays inside for a moment just staring out at the open living room before him. The room itself is nothing new, they’ve all been up here for a handful of dinners and little gatherings Stark put on for them. No, the thing fixing him in place is the blanket tossed over the back of the long grey sectional. It’s his missing one. He remembers pulling it over Tony’s shoulders when he fell asleep watching Star Wars. This is too much, he picked the wrong thing to focus on and he needs to leave.
“I…” Steve answers then clears his throat and straightens his shoulders like this is somehow a battle he needs to brace for. “I thought I’d see how you were.”
“Not one for the holiday spirit?” Steve asks without taking a seat, his smile friendly and possibly even fond. It tickles the back of Tony’s throat.
“When you started coming down and eating with me, I was so happy.” Tony admits and he smiles, faint and wobbly, but real all the same. “God Steve, I went weeks just wanting you to sit on the couch with me. I just wanted to talk to you. I just wanted you to tell me it was going to be okay.”
“Why not?” He pleads, out right pleads and he can’t even muster any shame for it. This deserves pleading, deserves him whining and gripping the front of Steve’s shirt, his pout pulled down just a touch too far to be attractive.
“How was the fun-vee?” Rhodey has always been an expert at keeping his voice even and this is no exception. When the left side of Tony’s mouth quirks up, when his teeth flash out and his eyes crinkle, Rhodey allows himself to fall forward. His right hand clasps tight onto the blooming gold of Tony’s left shoulder and suddenly keeping his voice even is impossible. It grows rough and just a hair shy of wet, when he lets out his next words through quivering lips.
“Good to see you too, Boss.” Happy replies, the smile now spilling out from his eyes into a full blown grin.
“I will call upon my knight in shining armor without hesitation. Stop fretting mom, I know how to play this alright?” Scooting further into the car he motions for Pepper to join him. Happy watches through the rearview mirror with similar concern.
Tony lifts his hands, runs one along the hunched curve of Steve’s spine, scratches the fingers of the other along his scalp. “I meant it, Steve. I don’t expect anything, I just didn’t want you to leave.”
“JARVIS, find me Captain America!” Tony yells out of nowhere, throwing his hands up in frustration and scattering various papers in his wake. Pepper stares at him with wide eyes, completely caught off guard. It makes sense, Tony knows, since they were literally in the middle of a discussion about the surprisingly limited structural damage done to the lower fifty two floors.
“Why don’t you ever wear sleeves when you work with this stuff?” She can’t help but ask, because this sort of situation is far from unusual and it is honestly going to be the thing that kills her. Suddenly, she wishes that she’d let Natalie bring the papers down instead. It would have done her some good to get a full handle on the amount of
Tony can’t spare much thought for that though because his eyes are open now, and just past the top of Steve’s head he can see his dick. He can see it as it jerks in his hand and then as his cum spurts out and onto Tony’s stomach. It’s on him, it’s getting on the hem of his shirt and Tony can’t fucking care because some of it is getting on his cock and Steve’s cum is on his dick and that is… That is so
Hope is dying out now and all he can think is maybe Steve got captured, maybe he isn’t even out here but is being tortured at some undisclosed location. Someplace warm. It really shouldn’t be a comfort, but at least that reality has a still living Steve in it.
“I found this box in my sock drawer.” Comes out without thought and he wonders why he started there instead of the encounter with Anna.
“Rhodey ride with us.” Snapping the remaining tension between them, Tony turns to Rhodey and continues talking before the man can even consider protesting. “I’m gonna call a press conference and they’ll send you there anyways.”
“Tony, I’m sorry.” Steve beggs, rubbing his nose deeper into Tony’s hair. He smells like his expensive styling gel and the sandalwood soap Steve got him to start using. “I’m so sorry sweetheart.”
He only got to talk with Tony for another few minutes before Clint came in for breakfast, followed closely by Bruce and Thor. The asgardian only stayed in the tower on rare occasions, so catching up with him ended up taking most of Steve’s attention. Before he realized, Tony had left the room without a goodbye. Steve decided not to take it to heart, well use to Tony removing himself from team moments. Instead, he promised to make the genius feel more welcome among them. Even if their little step into flirting leads nowhere, it would be good for everyone to see the same things in Tony he is starting to.
“And I need you to personally make sure Ho Yinsen is taken care of, money is no object for this one and I want to know the second they have him awake.” He continues with little pause.
“What?” Stark pulls back and looks at him like he suddenly sprouted a second head. “Are you having a stroke!” He demands and starts to shake his head like Steve’s suggestion is the most ridiculous thing ever spoken. “Cap, all you do is talk. You are practically a walking speech writer.”
They don’t say anything, they never say anything, but somehow it feels right now. There are no words, there are too many words and none of them will ever be enough. It’s all right here, in the firm heartbeat against Tony’s forehead.
“I have to send an alert back to Natasha” Tony tells him, smoothing down the wrinkles of the blanket in some facsimile of touching Steve. Another shaky smile let’s him know he can probably step away, but he can’t help but add,  “I’ll be back.”
“Oh, hope he doesn’t say anything bad.” Steve replies with a light chuckle, tilting his head to catch Stark’s eyes again. It doesn’t bother him that they talk about him and he wants to reassure Stark that he takes no offense by it. If anything the idea that they would discuss something as simple as his drawing supplies makes him unreasonably happy.
His body is different and the same is such strange ways that Tony is both completely comfortable and helplessly jarred in equal measure. In most ways, aside from the reinstalled arc and missing musculature, the differences are rather nice. There is a lack of grey at his temple that is natural instead of boxed and enough smooth skin instead of raised scars to feel almost naked. He completely forgot the buoyancy possible in his steps with all the aches and poorly healed fractures of superheroing and is enjoying relearning the flexibility and spring. Sure, he’ll have to re-hone the instincts and muscle memory his mind seems stuck on missing, but the number of lines taken away from the crease of his eyes and forehead seem worth the effort. If not that then at least the thickness of his hair certainly. Which, admittedly, he is ridiculous for fixating on since he was decades from going bald at 46. But, the fluff and body cannot fully be accounted for by length and he will take comfort where he damn well pleases.
“Thank you.” Steve huffs out when he realizes he’s just been standing in the doorway staring at Tony’s lips for a full half minute. He honestly couldn’t tell anyone what on earth Tony is wearing right now, but he could paint the exact shade of his eyes in the overbright light of the hall. “You, uh, you too.”
“Rhodey?” Tony asks from far away, arm slipping out of Rhodey’s grip to clasp at the bare skin on the man’s elbow. He vaguely registers something like hard scales where their skin meets, but then the room is tilting to the left and the hand gets too tight to notice any texture.
“Come on, your telling me you sleep the full 8 hours every night?” Tony knows the answer already. Knows Rogers wakes up after three hours most nights, knows he only sporadically gets another three after that. The thought makes Tony sag a bit in his chair, makes his smile thin and drop. He registers his own melancholy echoed back and feels bad for breaking their easy happiness. He runs a hand through his hair and pushes back the feelings.
“This is good.” Tony chokes out, literally chokes on the saliva in his mouth as he says it and has to cough a few times to clear it out.
“Yeah, yeah. That’s… okay” Steve huffs, tilting his hips up just enough to yank his pants and briefs down over his thighs with one hand. The motion is too quick and Tony shivers at the harsh gasp Steve lets out when his dick springs free. It bounces up, hits his stomach and is so red already Tony could most certainly cry about it.
“Real surprising,” Fondness leaks through the statement and the warmth of it calms the buzzing in Tony’s bones. He already feels splayed open, already feels like Steve has looked into the very core of him.
He is nervous and Steve can’t believe he couldn’t hear it in his voice before. For years he had only the modulated tones to go on, but that never stopped him from coming to understand his Shellhead nearly as well as he understood himself. Tony is nervous, is scared and trying to act like he is completely in control.
“Man, you are gone.” He announces, seemingly to the knocked over bar stool just a few feet to Rhodey’s right.
“I–” Steve starts and Tony panics. Fully and completely panics, because fuck, he just spent the better half of their make out session thinking about how much he was totally okay never even having sex with Steve.
“Not here. S.I.” His eyes widen, but there is still no surprise, more relief and possibly... vindication?
“It hurts.” Tony says in his unique mix of pleading and petulance that she so greatly adores. Despite the hammering in her chest, a delighted smile breaks across her face and she lets her body list a little to the side on the door frame.
“Yes, a recorder or something like it. Not really picky.” He turns fully towards her and makes a vague waving pinched gesture that should convey a something capable of recording.
“Tony, you are not leaving the team.” Steve insists, clenching both hands before releasing them. He runs them over his own face and looks around the room for some sort of directions. His anger feels like some far away thing, just the puff of smoke left after pouring water on hot coals. They’re gonna fight about this at some point, hell he and Tony can fight about the likelihood of rain most days, they are certainly going to fight about this at some point. Now, though, now all Steve can see is the defiance in Tony’s eyes, the wall going up to protect himself from Steve’s rejection.
“Sorry.” Steve replies, but his smile betrays any true sentiment. Tony sit beside him again, leans his head on Steve’s shoulder and breathes deeply in the air around them. After a time he feels Steve’s hand run through his hair and hums at the sensation. The hand travels down, over Tony’s ear and down his neck into the hollow between throat and shoulder. A finger traces the tendon back up and then travels down over his adam’s apple and into the dip of his collarbone. Tony allows it all, closes his eyes and settles further against Steve’s side. Latched together.
Anyways, he is walking mostly in the dark behind the couch when he sees it. Steve, or more accurately a vaguely blonde plume of hair that suggests the existence of Steve, under what might actually be 9 blankets. It makes him pause in the pursuit of sleepy time ambrosia, because last time he checked the month was August and no amount of stellar air conditioning really mitigated the sticky humidity of New York summers. Still, here Steve is, on the communal floor absolutely cocooned in likely every single throw blanket at his disposal. For a brief hysterical moment Tony considers that maybe he managed a 3 month instead of day no-sleep-excursion, but the likelihood of him still being alive after such a thing really disqualifies that explanation.
He stays, listens to some specifics of the containments being used for Loki. However, sooner than he would have liked he finds himself turning towards the dull ache in his chest. Feels the tug and excuses himself from a conversation he felt useless for anyways.
“Oh, please. Yes, get them off. Touch me, touch me.” Tony babbles, lifting his hips and wiggling back and forth to get his free hand in to help. He can’t let go of Steve, doesn’t even consider the idea, and it makes for some interesting contortion. They manage though and soon the fabric of both his boxers and sweats are pooling around his knees and Steve is grabbing him.
“Which means he’s got to be somewhere between here and the outer ridge line, in the inner valley. Maybe he’d been hiding out, laying low after the warehouse went on alert.” The map shrinks down, but not enough to actually be useful.
“Just, one more. One more.” And Steve sighs, pretends to be put out and Tony is light, full of some bright glowing energy. He likes this guy too much, likes him so much more than any person he’s ever met and he thinks he might well and truly be losing his mind.
“Oh.” Steve breathes out and then his hands are gripping so deliciously hard that Tony can no longer remember his own goddamn name. “Good.”
Steve shushes him, pulls him down to press his face back into Steve’s neck and rubs his back up and down, over and over. Tony is shaking but he doesn’t start to sob again and eventually the urgency starts to bleed away. He keeps his face where Steve pushed it, but after a few more minutes his body sags into the hold and he lets out all his air in a long sigh.
“Thank you, can’t say the same.” Rogers responds, voice still completely flat. Tony slaps a hand hard down on the glass table, laugh loud and sharp.
“I’m just the guy who pays for the food and toys that go boom. I didn’t move you all in to play happy family.” Tony can’t help but reply. The damage is already done, there is no reason to try and salvage something that was too good for him to begin with.
The silence is stretching around them and Tony watches as Steve closes into himself, shutters like he does when he sees the bottle Tony’s taken to keeping at his bedside table. For a second Tony wants to let it happen, wants Steve to scowl and get angry and maybe voice some sort of fucking opinion about what they’ve been doing to each other. The second ticks away though and Tony grins, open as he can these days and taps his knuckles against Steve’s sternum.“That why it’s living in your rooms lately?”
He is uniformed and on the common balcony just as Iron Man blasts up from the workshop floors to meet him. The sounds of the Quinjet starting lets them know the others will be following close behind, so they waste no time in assuming their usual flight position and taking off to meet the latest threat.
“What?” Pepper starts, shaking her head as if to clear out the fog that must be covering up Tony’s motivations. She looks at him for a long moment, in which Tony just pants out large frustrated breaths. His shoulders are heaving up with the movement, his hands clenched into fists at his side to stop himself from throwing things at the wall. When he feels Rogers’ mood shift over into worry, he groans loud and long before wiping a hand over his face. Of course the guy can feel the unrelenting frustration rolling off of him.
“Stark,” Steve suddenly says and Tony snaps up with that terrible tether he tied between himself and Steve all those years ago. For months he tried to sever it, but it seems the line is just as strong as always. Not for the first time Tony wonders if Steve was sent here to punish him for all the wrongs of his life and lives past. Steve keeps looking at him, the silent thoughtful expression so terribly familiar Tony wants to go back to his suit and fly away. He could do it, Steve is alive and at least somewhat safe here. Somehow though, it feels like the wrong decision. Finally, Steve speaks and Tony knows him well enough to know it won’t be what he was thinking. “Could you put a few logs in?”
“Cap,” Tony starts, but Steve nearly jerks at the nickname, turning away from Tony like it physically burned him. They both know he is done with having Tony like that, both know there wasn’t an offer to accept or deny. “Aw, hell, don’t be like that, Steve.”
Steve impossibly looks more awkward and Tony internally smacks himself for the choice of words. The empty bed a few mornings ago made it clear how Steve felt about their impromptu bumping of uglies.
“One more.” He replies, because tests are stupid and Steve is so very good at kissing and it is just ridiculous that Tony might be deprived this. He said the same thing earlier, but as always Steve doesn’t call him out on it. He just smiles, soft and silky smooth against Tony’s upper lip. It tingles, makes Tony shiver a bit and how had he ever kissed anyone else.
“Well, let me know if you need any help. The back wall is all 50 percent off.” She tells him and he pulls his eyes off of her. The room is chilled, though he knows the A/C hasn’t been fixed since her husband passed two years ago.
His tiny pleading voice breaks through somehow and the tension cuts. In a swift move she cradles him to her chest and tucks his head under her chin. The sobs rack through her for long minutes and Tony’s trembling increases until he too his sobbing loud in her arms.
“Belt, my belt.” Yinsen grunts out between heavy breaths and whimpering, eyes now screwed tightly shut and head thrown back onto the sand in agony. His own hands have moved away and are pawing with quickly diminishing strength at his buckle. Tony catches on quick, pulls the worn leather out and around the meat of Yinsens lower thigh. There is no hesitation as he pulls tight and roughly, not even at the gasp and shuddering cries from the man beneath him.
Steve smirks a little at that and something heated flares into view on his face. Tony can’t seem to look away from those eyes, not that he wants to at all, so he walks the rest of the way to the door and following elevator backwards.
“You’ve been MIA for three days.” Tony admits once he feels in control enough to speak. “Dunno how long you were lying out there like last weeks garbage.” He tries to chuckle but the thing dies before it makes it into any recognisable noise and Steve pulls him in tighter. It feels like he will fly apart if Steve ever lets go, feels like he will disintegrate into dust right here if Steve stops breathing into his hair.
When stripped down to his barest components, Stark is a good man. An idealistic futurist that despite his own pessimism still believes in humanities ability to do good by itself. Stark works for a goal, a large all encompassing goal whose finish line only he can see. Still, all of that good is wrapped in layers and layers of alcoholism, nihilism, daddy-issues, egotism, self-loathing and on and on the list goes. He refuses acknowledgement for his good works while simultaneously insisting his ass is proof of God’s existence. He is just as likely to help someone who points out all his faults as someone who blatantly strokes his ego. Every action comes with a motive so tangled in inconsistencies the actual purpose behind it can only be seen if you look sideways and through a mirror at it.
“Um, yes.” Stark answers, eyes jumping from Steve to scan the room. He coughs and there is a tightness to his posture again. “Yes, he talks about you a lot.”
“I don’t know! It was just a joke.” He answers, falling forward and slapping his thigh and then Steve’s back. There is water prickling at the corner of Steve’s eyes and he swipes at it while trying to gulp in enough breath to get back to the topic.
Steve shakes it off. He could say all the same things about himself. Stark had been tense, nervous tension rolling off him in waves as he spoke about the secrets SHEILD may be hiding from them. Even so, Steve did little to comfort him. Steve did all he could to speak against him in fact. He has no right to expect better from the other man. Their poor introduction went both ways.
“Well,” Swaying a bit from both the liquor and Steve’s sent, Tony attempts to gesture wide to the room around them but mostly just presses his face into Steve’s shoulder. “The drinks are still pouring. The people still partying. The show must march on.”
“It just feels cold on your skin because of the burn. It will stop soon, I promise.” The butler replies and suddenly Maria is shaken out of her haze with a need to soothe her son.
“I wanna touch you.” Tony admits and Steve just swallows, twice. The silence starts to linger and Tony is starting to think he did something wrong, tripped some wire again and ruined what might have turned into the best night of his life.
In the morning Tony’s hand isn’t even a little bit pink and Rhodey is hungover enough to write it all off as a really weird dream. The hot plate is off by the time he stumbles into the kitchen to begin picking up from their rather pathetic two man party the night before. Tony bitches the entire time about just buying them a better place, or moving them both out to California where they could have gone to a bar instead of holing up inside to avoid the mountains of snow (aka the two inches they got yesterday afternoon). Rhodey only smiles at him and smacks him upside the head for thinking he is too good for their shabby little home.
JARVIS runs down a summary of happenings during his captivity as Tony makes his way to the workshop. Sure the information is nothing Tony did not already remember, but he feels soothed by his voice and keeps asking him more and more obscure questions just to hear it.
Stark blinks and Steve is three seconds from punching himself in the face and then running away when Stark laughs. It is loud and full and makes his eyes crinkle beautifully. Steve is captivated, feels himself laughing along without really meaning to. He knew a real laugh from Stark would be beautiful, but this feels more like a punch to the gut. It is stunning.
“Can’t help that you don’t have taste buds after all that army food.” He turns to look at Steve and it feels so easy like this. There is still anger there, still a kind of hurt that can’t help but scar, but they’ll have time to talk about it later. They’ll have time to fight about it later. Figuring it out can be left until the storm breaks.
“Stark?” Yet, his voice and emotions are pure shock and confusion. It quickly relaxes into some kind of understanding, which Tony quickly resents. Of course Perfect Little Soldier would have read the files from beginning to end, probably thought Tony was a complete idiot for giving him his phone number. “How did you know–”
Steve looks back at him and gives a jerky shake of his head, before dropping Tony’s hand and walking the rest of the way to the couch. He kicks off his shoes, tucking them under it with a nudge of his toe, and swings off his hoodie to toss it across the back. Then he sits, posture laughably formal and palms rubbing into the tops his legs. The color is bleeding over his cheeks and suddenly, Tony is calm.
Tony took his thermal shirt off, and flicked it at Steve’s knee.  More twitching, muttered words Tony couldn’t catch.  He tried it again.
The faces of a few fleeing bystanders in the lower right-hand side of the picture caught Steve’s eye.  They were
,” she told him, more worried than reproving, “-and telling me what drugs you’ve been doing and how much would make figuring out your medication a lot safer.  -Please.”
A shot of himself as Spider-Man, swinging off one of the steel supports that now formed a hard, complex latticework between the buildings of Wall Street.  Two police cars and a dump-truck hauling rubble drove on the cleared street below him, and an American flag had been hung from one of the beams that ran across horizontally.  …Someone had even found the time to spray paint
Iron Man paused, and hurled the ball towards the Warmonger armor with the full force of a hand-repulsor blast behind it.  While the momentary distraction lasted, he scanned his enemy.
“Yeah, a black helmet with a visor that hides his face, and leathers like wunna them street-racin’ biker punks,” Paulie elaborated.
“Terrific…” he muttered, fishing the damaged flower out of the vase entirely, trying not to disturb the others.
Lead rain cut across Luke’s face and chest with all the impact of a handful of thrown pea-gravel.  Luke squinted.  He had only caught a bullet in the eye once, but having one of those suckers stuck under his eyelid while still hot from the barrel wasn’t something he -ever- wanted to try again, even momentarily.
Tony screamed, and shuddered against the mattress, and pressed his forehead against the creased, damp sheets.  He felt his fingers slip and twist between Steve’s, still held fast.  He saw a white base-four linear fractal before his closed eyes, with a yellow center.
War Machine’s helmet came up off the ground slowly, and- …the big gray suit’s weapon systems lost power.  All of them at once, leaving only the internal power-assist/articulation servos and life support systems up and running.
“That’s not good,” Tony agreed, remembering Peter’s friend’s eagerness to please and talkative nature.
Tony took to the air again, saw a girl fall off the nearer line, and stopped himself from catching her in a suit hot enough to peel off skin -just- in time.  Tony whipped a quick loop upwards, flew down through the cold stream of one of the fire hoses, and caught the girl with barely ten feet to spare.  He had, he judged, about three seconds before the reflexive fear-of-falling grip gave way to the ow-hot-metal letting go, but that was more than enough time to speed-brake and drop his charge off into the arms of a waiting fireman.
“Mama look.” A bright smile as his fingers dance with the flames and the horror is consumed in an icy fear as all the air knocks completely out of her chest.
Then he sees the little purple bruises under her eyes, just starting to come into focus as her makeup fades. He sees the wrinkles in her suit coat from wearing it across town and through about ten different meetings. He sees the way her shoulders are hunched up, how she is still worrying the inside of her right wrist where she sometimes wears a brace when no one can see it. And he remembers, remembers how she trembled whenever the news ran reels of the Chitauri. Remembers how bright red her eyes were when he waltzed in after the latest battle. Putting this on her is unfair. He already puts everything on her, every one of his bad decisions and dumb emotional problems all fall at Pepper’s feet. This is between him and the Captain.
“I don’t feel like a very good man,” Tony hears faintly from behind him and closes his eyes in sudden frustration. These little half nods at their situation are getting old and Tony has half a mind to turn around and scream into that perfect stupid face to let it go already. Steve made it clear what they were, made it clear they wouldn’t tell anyone or fucking say it outloud to each other.
“I always thought something was up with him. I never liked him.” Still no told you so, never with Rhodey. Not when it really matters. “But this, fuck, I don’t know if I can keep from punching him when we get back.” His eyes are open again and now he is smiling back at Tony, wobbly.
As all best laid plans go though, a new villain drops by two days later to mess everything up. Steve sees very little of both Tony and Iron Man, only managing a small chat with the former as they crossed paths in the elevator. Iron Man finally shows up for a sparring session, but that is the only time he sees the metal man before the Avengers alarm startles him out of sketching alone on his floor.
“I see why.” His smile is goofy, sloppy from the drinks. It’s the most open she’s seen his face since taking the assignment and still it feels like some kind of mask. That feeling only increases as he looks at her for a long stretch. It would be uncomfortable with anyone else, but Stark has a way with the silences he controls. He fills the room with anticipation. “Though fire breathing doesn’t really feel like that.”
“Tony.” Rhodey chides, but the tension in his arm is rolling off in over protective waves that really contradict any exasperated note in his voice. Behind them he hears Obadiah boasting to the crowd like a carnival barker, “hey, look who is here!”
“You mean it is nothing but corn for 200 years.” Tony answers, thumping the pen against his bottom lip. Rogers actually snorts a little at that and the way it fills both himself and Tony with a bright warm wash is nothing short of intoxicating. Tony doesn’t even notice Pepper step out of the room.
“I’ll kill him. I’ll go kill him right fucking now.” Somewhere in Tony’s musing Rhodey moved from the bed and began pacing the room. He is a ball of bursting rage and Tony could cry at how deeply he loves James Rhodes.
Stepping back, Steve shoves his hand deep into his pockets. He picked Tony to focus on, he picked talking to Iron Man and all the strange memories will have to wait. Tony shifts and finally meets his eyes, the expression is only barely better than earlier that afternoon. His face should never look that destroyed.
To add on top of everything, sometimes during his run or walking to lunch he will pass by some storefront and stop to stare at it. Sometimes it is just a feeling, some urge to go in and see if they still have the red scarf he remembered eyeing a few months ago. Sometimes there is some half faded memory, not unlike those before he got the serum, tickling the back of his head. He walks passed a little Italian restaurant and can practically taste the butter in their specialty carbonara, knowing full well he never once set foot in the establishment.
“Well I’m glad you all could make it to my spontaneous little homecoming party.” He begins and lets all their fake little chuckles wash over him as he smiles bright and completely in command. “I wish I could say I had a lovely vacation, but it turns out being totally off grid does not really agree with me.” The chuckles continue because Tony can play an audience like a goddamn fiddle. For a moment he lets them alone to their amusement, then he breathes deep and leans forward on the stand with clasped hands. Just as the silence starts to creep into uncomfortable, he speaks again. “I was held captive by men using the weapons I myself designed.” A shocked hush descends over the room and Tony relishes their predictability without so much as shifting in his stance. “I watched young Americans killed trying to defend me from these same weapons. From things I created to protect them. I saw just how badly Stark Industries has failed at accountability, how much I let myself become part of pretending the problem does not exist.” The murmuring is starting to pick up again and he can see a few of the bolder ones leaning forward at the ready to shout out questions. He stands at his full height. “Stark Industries will no longer pay party to this kind of intentional disregard. Until further notice and effective immediately, the weapons manufacturing division of Stark International is shutting down. There will be no questions.”
“Not a damn clue.” Steve admits and Tony lets out a sigh, fainted annoyance clear in the over exaggerated raise and drop of his shoulders. It reminds Steve of the armor and he realizes so many of Tony’s gestures are too large because he learned to convey them through the suit. It’s such a little thing to realize, a fact that really serves no purpose in the grand scheme, but Steve treasures it. Steve feels his heart full to bursting at the thought that he gets to realize these little things, that he gets to learn the insignificant facts that make up Tony Stark.
The order is useless at this point though, because Tony can make out a darker shape breaking out between the swaths of white. He lands heavy, sinking deep into the snow pack and loosing his balance at impact. Nothing matters though, nothing, because those are Steve’s boots.
“Rhodey, this was not an accident. They knew I was in that transport.” At that the soldier sits back again, letting out a ragged breath and even if Tony had not been told as much by future Rhodey, that proved Rhodey had already been thinking the same thing.
“Oh says Mr. Perfect Rainbows and Sunshine.” Stark snarks and Steve beams. Stark is letting out an array of little giggles and breathy chuckles and Steve wants to bask in it.
“Certainly. Your coffee just finished brewing if that would help.” The mention makes him slump further down, leaning to rest his hands and head on the top of the dresser. Something is happening, something is wrong.
“Found the serum,” Steve starts, coughing when his voice catches in his dry and wind bruised throat. Tony turns to the sink a few feet from the stove and tests the fauset. After a small lag the water trickles out and he pulls open the cabinet above it and pulls out one of the four mugs nestled there. He fills it and carries it over to Steve without a word. Their fingers brush in the exchange and Tony wants nothing more than to latch onto those too cold fingers. He forces himself still and sits on the foot of the bed.
Then he adds on all the weird games his mind’s been playing on him the last few weeks and it all tumbles into a horrible twisting mess. There are too many things to process, too many uncertainties. He needs to pick something he can work on, something to focus on before he crumbles under the weight of it all. It feels too much like waking up to an unfamiliar future, too much like being completely alone and haunted by things recent in his mind but really long past.
“Okay, can you tell me why you are not alright?” She finally asks, stepping back and into her seat across the table from him. Her smile is more soothing therapist now and less terrified feline wrangler. He looks at her for a long while, long enough that her expression starts to fall into genuinely concerned territory. It’s a terrible look on her and unfortunately one he’s seen a lot lately. Wanting her to never look like that is quite the understatement for they way it makes his whole chest clench up, but how on earth can he actually explain any of this. ‘Sorry, Pep. I’m just a little freaked out because Captain America is sad and the universe has apparently decided that is somehow my responsibility to deal with!’ or ‘It’s fine, I’m just consumed by a never ending ache in my chest from some invisible string attached to me and good ol’ Captain A-goddamn-Merica.’
“Yes.” Steve agrees and something about Tony’s rising body temperature must be coming across as promising because his hands are shaking less, gripping tighter. It’s so unbelievably good, Tony just might not even make it to doing whatever the hell it is Steve’s suddenly decided he wants to try. “I really really want to. Could we do something?”
“Can we go look at the ring?” Tony asks and Steve’s chest overflows a million times over. Both of them are red eyed and tear stained, there is snot rubbed into Steve’s left shoulder and Tony’s hair looks like a tornado ran through it. Steve has never loved anything so dearly in his entire life.
“Yeah, I wanted to know how you liked Nebraska.” It takes him a minute to come up with an answer that doesn’t start with ‘I knew you were lonely’. It would backtrack all the work he’s done to chase away the cloud that seems to follow Rogers wherever he goes.
His sweatpants feel somehow too tight and he can’t hope to stop the shifts of his hips. Steve is getting bolder, mouth wet and so inviting, hands running up and down Tony’s back like he needs to map every contour. He keeps licking along the top of Tonys tongue, pulling it into his mouth and biting lightly into it before repeating the motion with Tony’s bottom lip. It’s rhythmic and predictable and Tony is losing his mind over it. His lips are buzzing, overfull with blood and so wonderfully sore. They feel bruised, tender and everytime Steve switches between his tongue and lip Tony shivers.
He pulls off the mask first and feels some tension ease from his shoulder at the lack of bruising and blood. Both of their helmets were padded thickly with any and all cloth they managed to find over the past weeks, but the chance of concussion and hemorrhaging was not null. Still, the man’s eyes are not open so concussion cannot be ruled out. Tony moves to pull open an eyelid just as both fly open of their own accord. Somehow they manage to miss a collision of foreheads as Yinsen buckles forwards to grasp frantically at his left leg. Turns out Tony celebrated a lack of blood too early.
“Do you want to change now, or?” Tony tries, gesturing haphazardly towards the door of his bedroom with his free hands. Steve follows the movement and once again Tony is tempted by that bobbing adam’s apple.
“Just find the cube.” He manages to bite out, almost running from the lab in a sudden fit of desperation. The air is cleaner outside and he pulls in deep breaths, calming as he feels Stark relax at his absence. It hurts more than any of the punches he felt hit Stark earlier. It shouldn’t matter, Stark is little more than a stranger and yet. Yet, they are connected and shouldn’t that make it easier for them to speak? Shouldn’t Stark feel how the panic coiled tight in Steve’s gut? Shouldn’t he want to do something about it?
“There,” His voice is soft and the breath is softer, fanning over the side of Tony’s face. If he shifted his weight and looked up just a bit they would be nose to nose, or more accurately nose to neck. “I’m sure you can get the rest, yeah?”
“Captain.” He grins brightly to pull himself out of those thoughts. It’s been months since their last encounter and Tony is pretty sure they’ve both moved on. Or at least tried, if the lack of Pepper in the state of New York says anything about Tony’s personal failure on that front.
“Left wing won’t pull more than halfway out of the casing, but he sounded like that’s only one of the minor issues.” Steve leans away from the doorway as he speaks, but doesn’t move from the neutral zone between the hall and communal living room. He glances down and away before rubbing at the back of his neck. “To be honest, I don’t know half of what those things can do. Can you just go and make sure they don’t start taking them apart on the kitchen island?”
“Like what?” Iron Man’s voice is soft, hesitant in a way Steve’s never heard from him. He feels spurred on by it, like maybe Iron Man has his own list of strange goings-on. If this is happening to more people it has to be something they can fix.
“Well, I feel like something is off.” He begins and shakes his head because honestly that makes it all sound so simple. “More like everything is off.”
“I don’t remember it being that easy.” Steve replies with a shrug, keeping his body lose in hopes of forcing away the anxiety coiling tighter in his belly. Stark’s gaze feels like a brand. “This guy packs a wallop.”
When Bruce leaves, Steve takes a break from the report to eat lunch and sit on the bench by the far window. He looks out on the large expanse of New York swathed in the bright glow of early afternoon and finds himself grinning at the sight of a red and gold blur approaching the Tower. When it passes under the common floor balcony, Steve bites his lip in disappointment, but resolves to wait patiently for Iron Man to finish his business with Stark. His Shellhead always comes up for a conversation before leaving anyways.
He moves fully into the kitchen, watching as the genius continues on without noticing him. The stillness of the man seems unnatural, like watching a wild animal performing in the circus. For all the issues he may have with him, he knows him to be the personification of energy itself. He is always moving, always talking, passing through one persona into the next and never stopping for a breath. It feels like he is stealing something by witnessing the calmness of him in the afternoon light.
“Stay,” Steve demands and tightens his hold on Tony. Tony lets out a hum and rolls over to face Steve, all mischief and happiness.
"Hey!" The shout is unnecessary by the time it leaves his mouth as both men are now zeroed in on Steve. He tries to persuade Thor into standing down, tries to remind him that they are suppose to be on the same side. But, it dissolves quickly and before Steve has time to think about the uptick of Stark's heart beat, he is thrusting his shield up in time with Thor crashing his hammer down and they are all sent careening backwards from the explosion. The strange looping as Stark and he experience the same sensations, however Iron Man's are muted by the armor, knocks more wind out of him than the impact with the dirt.
It’s not until nearly two decades later that he even thinks about the memory of bright glimmering hands. He’s rushing towards his best friend, stomping on the uneven texture of hot sand with a chest so suddenly light he could simply collapse and sob right here. Tony is here, Tony is safe and here and Rhodey is just a few feet from him now. He can make out the clumpy eyelashes on the other man’s face where they rest against his red cheekbones. He can see the way his exposed shoulders glimmer in the sunlight, how every part of him is layered in yellow and red. In some far away part of his brain, Rhodey thinks it is the most beautiful sunburn he’s ever seen. Most of his mind, however, is focused on getting a smile, getting some sign that this is really Tony, his Tony here and alive and safe.
“You sure? I don’t wanna crush you?” Steve says with that wonderfully serious ernesty Tony can never get over. It makes him smile, gives him the body control to lift one hand and run it through Steve’s hair. He winds his fingers lazily through it and watches with fondness as Steve settles into the touch. His worry melts with each pass of Tony’s fingers.
“Oh, it’s very okay.” Tony reassures, tilting his hips up to brush his own cock into the side of Steve’s leg. It makes Steve moan louder, pushes a heavy gust of air from his lungs. He shuffles, pressing his hips hard into Tony’s fist and leaning to support himself on one arm. Tony lets the motion jostle them, lets it drag Steve’s leg along the bulge in his pants and shudders. He’s so focused on the feel of Steve’s hot skin in his fist to realize the point of Steve’s shifting. So, it comes as a shock when Steve’s hand is suddenly at his hip, fingers hooking in the waistband of his sweatpants and pulling.
Turns out hell does exist, though it seems weird for this to be his ultimate punishment. There are so many other memories to choose from, he could fill whole mansions with the options. This isn’t even the earliest one, nor the most recent. To be honest it feels horribly arbitrary and he is a little disappointed by the lack of intelligent design here. If a soul he never accepted having is going to be tortured for all eternity, the least they could do is put some effort into it.
Then Steve gets it. He remembers watching the news with Tony, remembers those idiots blaming him for Pepper’s kidnapping. She’d been taken as bait for Iron Man sure, but the way they talked about it made it clear they thought Tony may as well have handed her over on a silver platter. They’d berated her for getting involved in something tied so closely to the Avengers and somehow spun it all around to pull their relationship into the discussion. Steve had been ready to storm the studio, but Tony had just stood up and left the room without a single word. At the time Steve thought it would be best to let him blow off his anger for a bit before going down to soothe him.
The sun has traveled to the center of the sky by now and Tony prays he somehow managed to keep plowing north despite the lack of blistering compass. How could Tony not have asked Rhodey how quickly they made it out to him? It seemed like a major oversight about now and he has a mind to demand the answer whenever Mr. ‘I’ll always find you’ deemed them worthy of saving.
Yet, he knows it’s going to happen. He knows it like he knows Anna’s cat is thirteen years old, like he knows those paintings in Tony’s room are his, like he knows kissing Tony is the best feeling in the world. It doesn’t matter why, it doesn’t matter how or when or where. That ring is for Tony and Steve loves him and someday they’ll get there. Someday all these things will be true and maybe it’s all just the universe pushing him to accept it sooner, maybe it’s someone from the future trying to talk some sense into him, maybe he is just losing his mind. If Tony keeps looking at him like that he honestly won’t be able to bring himself to care.
“You always want to go to that same run down joint, Cap.” Tony replies with an easy grin of his own, something under his skin buzzing.
Starks worries where not unwarranted and Steve knew what he needed to do. Technology may be impossibly talented these days, but nothing beats good old fashion on hands work. When he finds the crate of weapons, he sort of wishes he felt the tiniest bit surprised. Seems the world hadn’t changed much at all.
“I had a good time.” Tony admits, like a secret for only Steve’s ears. His eyes are open and hopeful, but Steve only looks into them for a moment before glancing down to Tony’s lips. His tongue is already darting out, running along his bottom lip like it did when he asked Steve to come out with him. It travels slower this time, dragging from one corner to the next before slipping back into Tony’s mouth and pulling the lip in between his teeth as it goes.
“Yeah, of course. Just thinking. I’ve got a bit to finish up over here, but I can be ready around 7, sound good?” He says quickly, spinning once in his chair and winking at Steve before going back to the screen. The jumps from one tone to another may be fascinating, but sometimes they really leave Steve spinning.
The promise feels heavier than what it is for, Tony’s voice too low, too wrecked. He feels a nod into the crown of his head and just breaths in the hot air captured between them by the blankets.
She laughs and he needs to bottle that sound and keep is safe from the rest of the world, from himself. “Tears of joy. I hate job hunting.” The smile is just as terribly beautiful as every other thing about her and Tony vows to let her go.
“No, it feels more like honey.” He tells her with full sincerity and she leans her elbows on the bar, waiting to hear of some high society party’s interactive entertainment. “Feels good.”
The tug loosens steadily as Fury finishes his conversation with the captive and Steve really has no idea how he manages to converse with everyone when he feels so poised for Stark’s entrance.
For reasons unknown, that makes a rush of heat flood Steve’s face and he looks down at the table to hide what is sure to be an impressive flush. “I mean, like talking one on one.” He tries and simply has to rub a hand over the back of his neck. Chancing a glance back up at Stark he sees the man look at him with something like understanding. It seems Stark actually knows exactly what he means, but he still feels himself continue. “With people, strangers. Getting to know people and, well.” His flush deepens, he can feel the rush of blood spreading down his chest and over his nose. He flails a hand out to gesture at Stark’s chest. “I never had any luck like you do.”
“Harry!”  Mary Jane wasn’t sure exactly where his injuries were, so she put a hand to either side of his face, and kissed him.
He took out the last retaining screw on one of his arm-guards, and slid the complex workings of the inner sleeve clear of the contoured, red-painted outer cylinder with a hard clank,  “-bet he knows all about ‘substandard equipment malfunction’…”  he set the outer armor sleeve down in it’s place on the plastic-sheeted floor beside him.
“Uh-huh.  I ate with Steve and Carol before they left for the Secret Squirrel meeting earlier,” Peter nodded.
What he could see of the room within was two large sets of multi-paned windows, -clearly built into the warehouse’s high brick wall in the first place- and a smooth expanse of old but well well-kept hardwood floor, glowing in the afternoon sunlight.
…Even aside from the nauseating crunch of the British villain’s bones and jetpack slamming together into the cooling unit of a cab-over semi-truck at a combined velocity of over 120 miles per hour…
Steve hung his scale mail shirt over a hook on the back of the closet door and paused, head slightly to one side, listening.
Both Steve and Lt. Farrell had been familiar with rank structures long enough to know a rhetorical question when they heard one.
“Well, obviously it doesn’t have those kinds of conscious connections, but with the little-understood kinetic absorption properties of Vibranium, it might well contain some kind of static after-image, like a- -like the way light and shadow come up on photographic paper, only with a different part of the energy spectrum,”  Tony explained, defensively.
“What?  What’s this-!”  The Red Skull tore the webbing from his face, and attempted to regain his grip on Peter’s ankle again, this time denting in a section of the wall behind it.
It was to his credit therefore, that he stood his ground, feet apart and gun held firmly in both hands with barely a tremble… with the Green Goblin bearing down on him.
The Goblin flew through the mall like some untimely Halloween specter, swooping between the height of the upper and lower floors through the open air of the mezzanine as shoppers on both levels screamed around him.  He sliced through a hanging ‘thanksgiving day sale’ banner, angling the glider so that one of the razor-sharp front fairings parted the cable from which it hung with a sharp twang.  The ends of the cable snapped apart with the violence of thin steel whips, lashing against the sides of the upper mezzanine as the banner fell, and the Green Goblin’s pace hadn’t even slowed.
“You’re all right now,” Steve smiled, helping his still-unsteady ally sit up in the unpowered suit of armor.
He put out a hand and touched rough, scorched cinderblock.  Felt the cement in between crumble under his fingers, just a little.
“-Am I missing something here?”  Tony asked, maneuvering up to within arm’s length of the man and hovering.
“At any rate sir, the Cube was destroyed,” Cap summarized, “-so we accepted the newly-liberated islanders’ gracious offer of a ride to mainland Jamaica in one of their sailing craft, and I was able to contact the Avengers from Kingston.”
“The- Red Skull was attacking my basic training barracks.  Gas attack.  Only- -there was a different Platoon there than the one I trained with, and Bucky and Peter’s friend Harry were in it.  There was yellow smoke everywhere, and- Tony, they hadn’t been issued gas masks yet.  They wouldn’t have known what to -do- with them, except for Bucky, and he didn’t…”
“He’s-” Tony paused, swallowed.  “-He’s probably going to be okay, but they’re not sure what the Goblin did to him.  There’s something in his system that-” Tony broke off, and looked Peter in the eyes, “-do you have any idea what that might be?”
“…Have you decided, then?”  Steve asked, looking into the shadowed eyeslits of War Machine’s helmet as though he could see through the rest of the metal as well now.
Steve grinned and climbed into bed, touching a curve of the brass bed frame with his fingers as he did so.  ‘Hungry’ or not, Tony had a kiss waiting for him.
War Machine rose in front of him silently, the Midnight Racer cradled in his arms like a broken toy.
punishment as long as it wasn’t chafed or rasped, and thus needed to be encased in an inner and outer layer of metal.
Drums marked time intangibly for four quick beats, then crashed into a hard, steady rhythm with the guitar.  The chords cut backwards and forwards through the vocalist’s wordless intro cry, reverberating off the cluttered garage walls.
If she begged him to, Harry would probably stay here with her, safe.  She knew what buttons to push.  If she did that and Peter died though, it would destroy Harry from the inside out.  Harry had to go, and she had to stay here.  MJ had faced this reality before, and she still wasn’t sure who was getting the better end of the deal.
“Pre- existing technology can be bought, copied, given, or stolen,” Tony reviewed, “-and there’s no way the Goblin’s glider was built by an amateur.  -This soldering’s too clean.  Either Norman’s been dealing under the table, or the Goblin stole something and SHIELD either doesn’t know yet or has decided to cover it up.  And that last one wouldn’t surprise me.  Nick
“No problem.  You were doing a lot better than most people do anyway…”  Tony smirked behind his faceplate.
“Maybe, but you just got upgraded to breakfast in bed,” Tony pointed out, picking up his red bathrobe.
“-Yeah,”  Steve admitted,  “The Avengers do assist SHIELD sometimes, but I get the feeling that Fury’s been trying to put things past me that he wouldn’t have tried on Ms. Van Dyne and the others, and I don’t like it.”
“Iron Man here.  What’s up, Powers?”  Tony replied, pressing a flat button on the side of his helmet.
Peter’s photo-developing chemicals- -had he left them under the sink again, or had they been in the hazmat locker?  Photo paper…
anything, that I know of…  Between us, I don’t think I would have caught him anyway.  He was there and gone in a moment, like this shadow racing across the moon…”
Suddenly there was a flash of light out on the center of the bridge, then a bright point of light chasing a more subdued one through the girders away from Manhattan.
“Are you crazy?!”  Richards, one of the other mall cops yelled in Easton’s face.  Richards’s skin was red with the exertion of running for the tackle, and his sad comb-over was sticking up at a forty-five degree angle.  “Quit trying to be a hero and RUN you idiot!”
“G’wan.  Gittoutta here, then,” Leonard illustrated this order with a vague jerk of his chin, “-yez stumblin’ inta stuff an’ y’ain’t got booze anyway.”
“You did.  They’re right there in the book,” Steve said, pressing a kiss low against the plane of Tony’s stomach.
“-Catch,” Tony ordered, and flipped the third pancake he’d made off the top of the cooling stack with a flick of his spatula.
He licked his lips, put the bottle down on the floor to his left, then reached back into the back of the jukebox for a black rectangular device about the size and shape of a lunchbox.  It looked like a large multimeter, except that no multimeter he’d ever seen used test leads as thick as the red and black plugs that lay coiled on top of this one.  There was a large red button on top of the device too, and Tony’s eyes flicked over it nervously as he unrolled the twin leads.
reasons, Steve,” Tony pointed out, “-and the fact that he didn’t call in seeing the Racer tonight is just one more on that list.”
“-Exhaust system’s different…”  Tony muttered, brushing ash off the second Goblin glider with his fingers, “-the other one would’ve been faster, but it probably turned like a seven-forty-seven…”
Tony put a hand to the bass-beat of pain in his forehead, and bent down to pick up the Ford wrench he’d just dropped.
.  Most civilians don’t have access to things like that in the first place, let alone the knowledge of how and why to use them on a building that was seventy-five percent concrete and steel.  That tells us we’re dealing with a professional, or a scientist.  The Green Goblin also still
“It’s been a rough day and a half,” Steve cut him off, reclaiming Tony’s hand, “-and I think I know what that high voltage box downstairs is for anyway.”
When he got his notebook back though, Tony saw a pretty little dark-haired hula girl with a few backup-dancing palm trees sketched into the background behind her.
Tony rose to his knees with the cube in hand, and the only sound in the room was the rasp of his unhealthy-sounding breathing.  There was a dark, ugly bruise in the shape of the handcuff-chain across his throat, and a trickle of blood painting a thin line of red down the side of his neck from somewhere near his left ear.
“Yeah.  But I’ve also had people try and blackmail me, get close to me to steal my designs, wait to attack me until I was out of costume, attack whoever I was
Rhodey’s window had been broken, and he’d been stunned by the blow, so still.  Tony had thought he was dead, at first…  Then Rhodey was up again, and the gunny was giving him his hand, and shouting.  The firing in the pale green field outside was coming closer, tell-tale ripples moving fast through the swaying tall stalks, like the dorsal-fins of converging sharks…
The kid looked up, startled, then smiled.  He was good looking in a delicate ‘James Dean’ sort of way, and he stood almost as tall as Tony once he’d straightened up.
On the table beside him his helmet radio was obligingly tapping into a so-called secure SHIELD frequency, though on the whole, Tony preferred the jukebox’s ‘
Tasting himself on Steve was strange but not unpleasant, a mixture like …hamburgers and raspberry sauce.  Both not bad individually, but he’d never really imagined tasting them
“I can’t have your team and my Avengers putting each other in the hospital,” Steve began grimly.  “…So I’m going to ask you to work with War Machine until I can be sure that won’t happen.”
Tony could hardly blame him though, and with Peter sleeping over downstairs, maybe it was just as well…
Tony asleep on the couch in far better light, worn black boots crossed over one armrest, face hidden beneath a folded newspaper.
“More… okay,” Tony held up a hand.  He knelt on the bunched fabric of his coveralls just in front of the couch, and ran his hands up Steve’s thighs just because he could.
Yet she couldn’t keep from comparing his vague, too-smooth responses to the ones she was more used to hearing from Peter.
Tony could feel a slight tremor in Steve’s chest, belying his calm, careful hands.  Tony couldn’t help him.  Not yet.
Tony assumed Murphy’s Law would kick in at any moment, but he was enjoying it while it lasted, safe behind the lenses of his dark sunglasses.
The 1950's-era encyclopedia set with the condescendingly-captioned pic of a Polynesian girl was a real thing, unfortunately.
Tony set the LTF panel down on the table some distance away, and began disconnecting the CTF panel right next to hole from the first one.
“…Idiot,” Tony whispered again, and leaned back a little until his shoulders made contact with Steve’s chest.
Color was returning to Iron Man’s sharp-lined face beneath its layer of five o’clock shadow, and the blackness of his damp hair and Errol Flynn mustache was beginning to stand out less unnaturally.
Marvin Stavros, aide to Senator Byrd, stepped back off the edge of the platform with an air of resolution, and dropped.  He fell for two point one seconds, and was snagged by a flying web line.  Spider-Man looked down at the startled beaurocrat from the underside of the platform, and waved.
“I’m asking you to make a decision,”  Steve said flatly,  “-you can level with me about what your real commitments are and take your responsibilities as an Avenger seriously, or you can get out.”
Tony flexed the fingers of his left hand around a fold of the blanket he’d slept on, and inhaled deeply.  The faint scent of desirable woman and complex rose perfume remained.
By the time Tony returned the states with a medical discharge approved by an Army doctor he’d known in prep school, the eight-spoked wheel of the arc reactor glowing beneath the buttons of his uniform jacket, and the plans to the destroyed Mark I armor rolled up in the battery compartment of a flashlight in the duffel bag over his shoulder, things had changed.
Wait.  Tony remembered now.  The glow was coming from him.  From the arc reactor in his chest.  And he could see it, so they were sideways now.  That- -that was good…
“Too bad,” Warbird decided, setting the record back on the turntable and placing the needle back at the beginning.
“All right, get your butt up to the theater district.  One of those top-balcony things caved in, and-”
Peter had missed it before, since Steve hung his red gloves over his belt in almost exactly the same position… and the mask, too, was red.
“Boss, are you okay?  I came as soon as your locator beacon went off, can you breathe?  You sound like that creepy guy from the water department who used to call Aunt May at two in the m-”
“I’ve barely started ‘The Two Towers’, I’m afraid,” Steve smiled.  “-Do you give all your friends books to read like this?”
Had he told Steve the ‘Morgan/morning’ joke, Tony wondered, or had Steve have picked up on it on his own?
Purple, green, yellow, white, swirling together into shades and overtones he couldn’t immediately name.  …Red.  This needed red.
Tony listened, surprised.  He’d been adding records to the three that had survived the fire here and there, but this was one Misty had brought over earlier on Danny’s behalf.
“That’s because you’re drunk,” Steve told him dryly, “-but you’re standing in your underwear on a cold concrete floor, and its forty degrees out.”
Harry graduated first, then Peter five students afterwards.  Tony had never noticed how close their last names were alphabetically, but friendships had begun on less.
Another sad statistic that whoever had paid for the gas in this helicopter could have told Cap and the rest of the ‘law-abiding’ heroes with a straight face…
!”  The Red Skull shrieked, closing the fingers of one clutching hand around Peter’s ankle from memory and drawing the other back in a fist to shatter Peter’s knee.
“Peter’s definitely picked up on the fact that you don’t trust War Machine, but I should have handled this problem when it first came up…”
Misty’s catlike light brown eyes wandered over the rest of the loft.  The long rectangular room was now home to a scattering of brass and bronze-bodied lamps.  No two lamps were the same, but when taken together they all seemed to belong, gleaming dull gold against the smooth wooden floor, and contrasting with the deep red brick of the walls.
He reversed his bootjets and his hand repulsors together, crashing back into his opponent in a surprise attack.  He hadn’t been set right for it though, so the move that should have ripped off the control cable Tony had spotted running below the right lower edge of War Machine’s helmet, bent the mount of War Machine’s heavy, shoulder-mounted gun instead.  Fine, thought Tony, I’ll take that…
Tony rescued the fourth pancake just as the non-chocolate parts of the batter were starting to shade down past mahogany, and set it aside.
Tony let Steve do the unwrapping until he was almost visible, and then tried to push Steve’s hood back.  Steve batted his hands away with an impatient noise, and glared out of the loosened blankets at him with a mixture of reproach and amusement.
“I thought Harry had a typewriter,” Steve teased, taking out a milk carton and setting it with the eggs.
Peter looked through the contents of the fridge critically, and thought about pancakes, and about omelets with salsa…
He spotted another patch of partially coalesced wiring insulation up near the wrist cuff, and swore, fluently.
“-I can take care of that.  Bring it on inside,” Tony nodded knowingly, stuffing the note in his pocket.  Steve did so, and Tony pulled the rolling garage door down.
“Harry Osborne,” the kid offered gamely, shaking Tony by the hand, “-Peter’s told me so much about you…”
Tony sprayed down a rag with cleaning solution from an unmarked plastic bottle, and reached back into his gold-painted leg armor.  …This cleaning had
“How many of those can have been leased out since the Green Goblin’s old hideout burned down?”  Steve pointed out.
They scattered like bowling pins with the impact, and three of them made off into the shadows.  One of the two left spotted a forklift nearby, and scrambled into the driver’s seat, firing up the engine.
He set the inner armor sleeve down on the drop cloth to his left, and lifted the chestplate up onto the table with a muffled clang.
“Uh-huh,” Tony responded absently, tilting a gooseneck lamp closer to disconnect Misty’s tactile pressure feedback sensors.
“…Iron Man, huh?”  Fury said, sounding almost bemused, “-he the only one that volunteered ta come back?”
“Come in,” Tony called through it.  -He’d already seen who his visitor was on the TV in the corner… though since there was no longer anything in front of the motion-detector cameras, it was back to playing channel eleven on mute.
Tony floated like a dandelion seed on the last layer of the Earth’s atmosphere that was thick enough for his bootjets to compress for upward flight.
MJ waited for Harry to continue, but he didn’t.  It wasn’t fair of her, she -knew- that… Harry had been hurt badly on the edge of a superhero battle the day before, and this thing with his dad on top of it…
Tony started to write his own name in return, but the pencil lead broke about halfway up the exposed point, so the lines of
At his side, Peter’s aunt May blinked rapidly, and the arm she held linked through Tony’s trembled, just a little.  Tony wasn’t sure what to do about it, so he gave her a reassuring smile that May completely missed, since her eyes were still focused up on the stage.
Steve let himself in through the skylight, and dropped lightly onto the worn linoleum floor next to the kitchen table.
Steve’s breath caught in spite of himself, and he glanced down at the bold, black, printed headline as if it had just bitten him.  Tony shut his eyes, and smiled bitterly.
He was flying low, below the level of the New York skyline, and barely faster than the cars on the street over a dozen stories down.
“What IS this place…?”  Peter breathed, staring out at the deserted town.  A thin layer of smoke seemed to be everywhere, lingering and turning the horizon into a half-guessed object.
Stark had been a good name to have when Tony’s father had given it to him, and wearing his signet ring again made it feel just a little bit cleaner.
“You’re welcome,”  he pressed the fingers of Misty’s right hand back further than looked natural, and Misty took over, holding them there while Tony undid a small locking screw at the base of her wrist.
Then Tony’s hands were braced hard around Steve’s upper arms, palms slipping with sweat, and he was arching down, back,
He wiped off all the paint he could with the side of his discarded paintbrush, scraping, wiping any trace of either of the former designs as clean as he could.
The page at the back looked like the bottom third of it was a check, Tony saw.  He reached over and folded the back page up and sideways along the stapled corner, reading the numbers upside-down.
By now almost everyone was aboard, and Power Man and Elektra were up front keeping an eye on the now thoroughly cowed flight crew.
“-You too,” Steve agreed, bringing him back in close.  Tony’s gray t-shirt smelled of long storage and light machine oil, but the skin beneath it smelled -right-, like dried sweat, high-tech foam rubber, and… lemons.  …Well, that was the armor, but-
-Whatever jazz record Steve had put on in the meantime wasn’t bad either, but he’d be damned if he’d admit that without a decent break-in period.
Every one of these heroes had had a run-in with the law, or had a reputation for ‘authority issues’.  And of them all, only Iron Man could fly…
have made him happy, Harry was… ambivalent.  If anything, looking at them just made him feel impatient.  Like something he had outgrown.  Something…
“Don’t take this the wrong way boss, but were you still drunk when you made them?  Because after that caper incident, I-” Peter began.
Tony asked, threading the magnetic coupling of his wrist-seal together with a quick, practiced spin.
…How would these contours shift if Tony lay over the shield on his side?  Or forwards- -but then the shield would put too much pressure on Tony’s arc reactor…  unless the shield was moved down… which would, Steve thought with a covert blush, look far too much like an invitation.  And… The same would be true if Tony sat on the shield and lay down as he was now from
Iron Man looked up at Steve again, and for a staring second Steve wondered if he was about to be kissed a second time… but Iron Man made no move.
Tony crouched down, sitting back on his own heels, elbows on his knees.  They could see each other better from this angle, and Tony saw that the man in the box wasn’t as old as he’d thought.  -About Steve’s age, in fact, if Steve had never been frozen…
“Remember that talk we had about why I didn’t want to open the day after Matt and Elektra’s New Year’s party?”  Tony began, mercilessly.
“’Fraid so, kid.  You ain’t much skinnier’n  butane-breath though, an’ that gown ain’t your color.  Hangonnasecond…”  Ben began rummaging in a cabinet on the wall, pulling out sweatpants and other workout gear in various sizes.
“Yeah, I’ve seen the Goblin out a few times- -not today, though.  I’ve seen you, your best pal War Machine, The Human Torch, Spider-Man
Neither of the other two seemed to be surprised by the sight of Iron Man’s unmasked face, Cap noticed, so it was a good bet the three of them had worked together before.
He came and it wasn’t over, and the world narrowed to a flash of purple, then fading shots of blue.  Black bursts of heat where light wasn’t, and hard sparks that left him breathless.
Tony retreated to the kitchen table with a look of guilty humor.  …Then he went back for a thick stack of mail on the corner, and dropped it on the table between his chair and Peter’s.
“You have to know that I’ve cleaned blood-spatters off it, and paint, and vanilla ice cream, and tiny smears of lead from bullets, and some stuff from the floor of a barn that I’d rather not discuss…”
“I know you’re the Midnight Racer, its cool, and you’re an idiot for not telling me,” Peter listed, answering some of Harry’s unspoken questions.
Tony glanced at Steve with a lopsided smile of secret delight, and ran his hand over the shield’s barely-textured surface, like an Egyptologist brushing the sand from a row of inscribed hieroglyphics.
of blown munitions, and there were a couple of live pumpkin-bombs up in that southeast corner that the bomb squad took care of early this morning.  -I’d have called you earlier, but until the bomb squad cleared the building my boys couldn’t get in, and… well, Cap, we’ve been busy.”
He was part of a larger world now, and Harry knew without a shadow of a doubt, that he didn’t want any part of it.
He’d learned that her sister Sharon, the lovely agent thirteen, had joined SHIELD for the express purpose of… well… stalking him, and that Nick Fury had figured it out months ago and decided to
“What was a picture of a girl in her dainties doing between the pages of an encyclopedia?”  Steve asked, not quite laughing.
“Because I have already failed SHIELD, critically.  I know as well as you do that the microwave beam fired from the roof of the SI complex at Iron Man was both deadly and real, but until that moment, I wasn’t aware it existed.”  War Machine paused for a moment, then continued, “-understand me Captain, I would stay an Avenger if I could.  But this is not the best time to leave Stark Industries without a watchdog, and as far as Colonel Fury is concerned, my mission here ended when I revealed my involvement with SHIELD to Iron Man to regain custody of Norman Osborne.”
He tapped the base of her wrist judiciously with the butt of the screwdriver, and dropped the screw that fell out into a small plastic bowl on the table in front of him.  Tony bent her wrist forwards ninety degrees, and undid a second, somewhat heavier screw now exposed along the back of her wrist.
“-But if heroes today can represent all the things Hitler hated most, I think I can live with it.”  Steve asserted.
One of Tony’s hands fell to Steve’s arm, gripping and kneading lightly as he whispered snatches of profane encouragement.
“Fury also radioed in to tell to tell you ‘kiss the little mechanic for me’.  …Any idea what he meant by that?”  Warbird asked, archly.
the window-washer breathed, sliding down with his back against the window glass, as far from the edge of the platform as he could get.
.  The good news is, SHIELD is trying to distance itself from any knowledge of the Goblin’s serum, and they know -I- know he’s been exposed, which means YOU know he’s been exposed, so there wouldn’t be any point in transferring him or making Harry ‘disappear’.  …See if you can get Norman’s notes about it from Fury anyway, though.”
The scent was stronger now, like clean sweat, and the shadows in concrete-floored boxing-gym locker rooms, and maybe a faint hint of machine oil.
War Machine came in, walked up to the conference table as if it was a massive desk, and stopped.  He saluted, silently.
Tony had known her the longest of any of them, growing up in the same Manhattan jet-set.  Jan always been there, flitting in and out of Tony’s life in dresses that had made him think as much as stare.  Her first costume with wings had actually been a fairy princess themed tea dress, all sheer pastel-blue gauze and too much glitter.  He remembered it because the wire frames of the translucent wings had been bent in a clever double loop with a back-twist that had somehow made the whole classic design look original.
The Green Goblin hung insensible in the grip of Tony’s gauntlet, and after a long moment, Tony realized that the man wasn’t faking.
“I’m trying to get you to stop screaming ‘eww, cooties!’ every time I bring gay stuff up, actually,” Tony admitted, relenting.
“The Red Skull was left sealed in a high-pressure barometric chamber, sir,”  Steve translated,  “-if he’d managed to get it open from the inside, the pressure change- -well, he wouldn’t have survived.  The garage was broken into before the police arrived though, so we think the Red Skull had an accomplice who came back for him just after Spider-man and Tony left…”
“You’re going to be back after class to do January, right?”  Tony asked, handing Peter a second pancake roll-up.
The Skull made one last desperate bid to reach the cube, but Peter was reeling him in, binding more and more of his limbs back with weblines.  The Red Skull turned on him with a wild light of anger in his eyes and charged, yelling murderously.  Peter was pretty sure he couldn’t be grabbed again, but he dodged anyway, using the move to loop all the weblines connected to the Skull around one of the brass bedposts.
“Heh.  Right, right…” the young fireman grinned, clapping him on the shoulder, “-I’ll see you around, man.”
The weight of it did in the floor entirely, and the round-edged metal box fell through into the back of the garage with a splintering crash.
Steve tasted like root beer and Chinese food… and something else that had always reminded him of mineral water but wasn’t.  The serum had done a lot of things to Steve’s body chemistry, and Tony was pretty sure that some of them were still undocumented.  …Had the -shape- of Steve’s lips changed too, Tony wondered, or would Steve have felt like this- -tasted like this- in the late thirties?
“Bucky was never given the super soldier serum, you know,” Steve stated, hands clasped behind his back.
Tony’s fingers curled around both, and he woke up in a loose pile of blankets and floor pillows in the lounge corner over by the stereo.
“I just… I wanted to win,” Tony admitted, gesturing at the newspaper, “-I knew it probably wouldn’t turn out that way, but I- …America’s not supposed to lose, you know?”
The hollow beat of helicopter blades against months of dust and rain… the wise, silken discipline of Soong Sun-Mai… and finally a sweltering workshop in the jungle and the face of a good, dying man… these things had remade Tony Stark forever.
Steve was there.  Not so heavy now.  Breathing too.  Asking something, soft, and calm, and imperative.
Peter woke up in a hospital room he’d never seen before.  He wasn’t wearing his mask, and there was a huge bald guy made of orange stone sitting in the too-small chair beside his bed reading a newspaper.  Peter suppressed the urge to jump at least twenty feet in any given direction and stick to a wall.  Ben Grimm’s eyes swiveled downwards, and met his.  Peter blinked.
The jets themselves had been different too of course, the first generation he’d re-cast from the high-grade alloys of a crashed A.I.M. transport.  That had been a good capture, sunk in shallow water at the foot of a secluded cliff just upstate.  When he’d wanted more parts off the thing all he had to do was raise it with his repulsors…  Tony had used about a third of the metals over time, but then one day he’d gone back, and the wreck just hadn’t been there anymore.
Tony snagged a thick manila envelope out of the bottom of the mess, and set it aside.  Together, they sorted through the rest.  Three letters were to Tony personally, Iron Man had four care of the Avengers and one care of Tony, there was one disreputable tabloid speculating on whether Tony had left Iron Man for War Machine… and the remainder of the mail was mostly bills and advertisements.  A surprising number of bills, addressed to a business that had ceased to exist over two weeks ago…
The halls were choked with dust from the explosions, and a fire had started somewhere, adding the futuristic tang of burnt plastic to the scent of war Steve knew all too well.
Tony moved his hand to the right, and wiped the condensation off a section of mirror that didn’t have Steve’s finger-traced palm tree sketched on it.
“Nope, I had enough of working for the government in Vietnam,” Tony assured him, “-and that includes SHIELD.”
“Yeah, it was pretty cool,”  Peter cut in,  “-but by the time I got there answering, you know, the danger signal thing Tony had activated earlier, the Red Skull was trying to saw Tony’s head off with the handcuff chain, so I smashed ‘im over the head with a lamp-”  Peter illustrated this with a lassoing-and-pulling motion of his hands, “-and then we held a very painful game of keep-away with the Cosmic Cube until Tony woke up again, and then HE took the Cube…”
Steve’s hands moved in a pattern that echoed, an asymmetrical counterpoint of greater and lesser force, careful inside and just a little -too- hard across the muscles of his shoulders.
Steve was a live wire under him, a study in barely-restrained power.  He was improbably clean with a taste of well-kept leather, solid, gorgeous…
Steve’s incredibly risky jump-start of the arc back at the train yard had produced an arc reaction of unprecedented power and longevity, but the device itself was slightly asymmetrical, which meant that the reaction still wouldn’t truly be a self-sustaining one.
“You almost got ventilated with a Phillips screwdriver, you idiot!”  Tony snapped, glaring over his shoulder.  -A black-handled screwdriver and several long machine screws lay on a red cloth over the seat of the motorcycle in front of him.
Peter evaded him by clinging to the ceiling, and laid the papers back down on the desk a moment later, one partially overlapping the other.  He pointed out two numbers, one on the page dated in February, and the other on the page dated in April.  The invoices were otherwise identical, but the numbers didn’t match.  Some clever soul at the motorcycle parts company had made a slight ‘error’ with the decimal point in April, turning an eleven into one hundred and ten.  Tony’s eyes flicked quickly from one page to the other.
…And he’d had the sense to let her go when Hank had gotten his act together and come back, because while Tony might have been able to take on Hank, there had been no arguing with the wordless apology in Jan’s lovely blue eyes.
Tony half propped himself up on one elbow and read over Steve’s knee, squinting against the glow of the bedside lamp.
“Yes.  With the technology director recaptured, there was no longer a legitimate reason for me to remain here,” War Machine replied, carefully.
“How long has it been since Harry was exposed to the Green Goblin’s formula?”  Hank clarified, looking over at him.
“Why don’t you stay in here and finish getting scrubbed up,” Steve suggested kindly, in that way that wasn’t open for discussion.
, it’s re-synchronizing the electrical-” Tony broke off, and gave Steve a dirty look from beneath his arm, “-oh come
Tony’s breath caught momentarily, and his hand closed through the short blonde hair at the back of Steve’s neck, on nothing.
They hadn’t been face to face like this since the day Jarvis had come forwards with a warning about Sunset Bain and been fired for his troubles, and though he and Tony had patched things up through a series of letters after Tony’s return from Vietnam…
Wanda Maximoff… just her profile and the edge of a fire escape railing in the background, as the late afternoon sun painted her in all the colors of warmth.
“Tell me you had nothing to do with those bugs, or what happened on 108th street,” Steve instructed.
“Yeah, there was a piece left over from the other night,” Tony nodded, turning back to what he was doing, “-I broke it up into the pancake batter.”
It was already too hot for the jacket he held folded over his arm, but that jacket, like the pastel button-down shirt he was wearing, had been chosen for going out the night before, not for the harsh light of a New York morning.  He should have been in class almost an hour ago.  Harry had driven for a long time the night before, driven until his eyes were dry again, and when he stopped in the parking lot of a harbor overlook, the yellow-white glare of the streetlights no longer spread in his vision like Christmas ornaments.
Steve gave the fragile roof an appraising glance as he walked into the roofless space in the center, red boots crunching on drifts of cinders.
“Peter, the frequency we communicate on isn’t even technically a radio wave anymore,   -and- it would take an advanced degree in applied mathematics-“
The far door opened, and Tony looked up sharply.  Sue Richards padded across the room, and offered him a white coffee cup with a circled blue number four on the side.  Tony took it and held it in both hands, but didn’t drink.
“I’ll call Spider-man if I need you,” Steve promised, “-I think it was him the Green Goblin was after when he came here anyway.”
Tony’s eyes opened on the second try.  Tracked.  Focused on the back of Steve’s hand against the pale sheets.  Both sheets and hand were faintly illuminated by a shifting pale-blue glow, as if from within.
Tony felt big hands close around the small of his lower back, and then the unique, bark-like texture of Steve’s mail shirt against his skin, through three layers of cotton.
Tony was a mechanic, and a good one.  He was respected for that, and as soon as the garage was rebuilt, he knew most of his customers would return.  …He’d found a Ziploc-bagged note to that effect from one of them already, weighted down with a corner of broken cinder block.
A friend for an eye, a block for a building… but blood for blood was a theme that just couldn’t be improved upon…
And what a perfect kick in the nuts it would be, if some over-eager reporter drove Steve back into sneaking down skylights in full costume.
Steve let him go, and Tony spread himself back over the hard, smooth curve of the shield.  There were slight breaks in texture between the different colors of the shield’s stars-and-stripes design, but the skin on his back wouldn’t be sensitive enough to- -oh goddamn, he
“…Will you go to bed with me?”  Tony asked, smiling a little and plucking at one of the large flat buttons on Steve’s coat.
Tony looked exasperated for a moment, and the hole in the floor disappeared as if it had never been.
“And since this fuel flow valve defaults to ‘full open’ when there’s no current,” Peter said, pointing awkwardly around Tony’s hand to the appropriate place on the diagram, “-it basically flooded his engine.”
Peter took the fact that Tony had chosen to eat in the bedroom with Whitney as a hint, and left as soon as he was finished.
“Enlightening,” Steve replied, unzipping his bomber jacket and folding it over one arm.  “-But it’s good to be back.”
Tony nearly collided with Peter just outside the bedroom door.  He pulled the door mostly shut with a quick jerk, grabbed Peter by the shoulder, and marched him backwards into the kitchen.
Then she had needed an ‘and guest’ for some high society function, and asked Tony if he felt like causing a scandal for old times’ sake…
“Can’t even remember to tell the chauffer to take her kid straight home from school when there’s a SWAT team all over the company lawn…”  Tony scowled.
swirl of hair, bright as summer wheat straw, against skin Tony hadn’t once thought Steve would want to see, let alone
Steve laughed, and ran his hand along Tony’s chest and side, feeling the ways the addition of the shield had opened the familiar angles.
How long he had been there, quietly observing Tony like a lion on the African veldt, Tony had no idea.
“-No.  But by freaking out like a little schoolgirl, you may be making people less likely to work with you without even realizing you’re doing it,” Tony explained.
Steve palmed him again, and ran his free hand along Tony’s back, returning to familiar territory, then stroking down further.  He ran his thumb across the head cautiously, and felt thin cotton, and firm, living tissue beneath it.  This wasn’t the thickly-sewn zipper of pair of jeans, or the proverbial ‘something in his pocket’, this was -Tony-.
…But there were days when Steve found himself eyeing the battered Army foot locker where he kept his helmet, and wondering if it would still hold water.
“Well, it could have been a woman,” Danny admitted, “-but I definitely saw someone riding a glider.”
Luke smiled, picked up a length of steel signpost-pipe lying a short distance away, and bound the forklift-driver’s arms to his sides with it.
Tony advanced on the jukebox, and plugged it back in.  He and pressed ‘COINS’, ‘0’, and ‘PLAY’ together.  The jukebox unselected
Tony felt cold, and sick.  He gripped the edge of the open door hard enough to squeeze the shape of his armored fingers into the metal, and focused on the anger he felt building.
He reached down and ran his thumb across the arc’s left-hand socket, then plugged the connector in smoothly, without issuing any sort of warning or countdown.
Tony came in looking tense and annoyed, and closed the door behind him.  Then he searched the entire room as if checking for cockroaches.
Steve’s hands gripping low and steady around the base of Tony’s chest, and a feeling that drove the air from his lungs.  A deep shiver that he could almost taste, and Steve’s eyes focused intently up into his.  Fascinated, affectionate, impatient, and
Steve poured himself a glass of orange juice, and watched Tony from the table for a while.  It felt like something he should remember.
Tony was surprised he hadn’t spotted it earlier himself, but he also had to admit privately that he’d rather let the bastard fall.
Tony moved Steve’s arms up by his wrists, and scanned him again.  He stopped just beneath Steve’s left arm, and pointed.
to get out of building her an insect-control helmet of her own, and sharing the power to command that secret, six-legged world.
He’d occasionally been charged with property damage, and he’d put several people who had threatened his employers in the hospital, but War Machine had never been known to kill on purpose.  The darkest things on his record (officially, anyway) were the deaths of two known Maggia enforcers who had been standing near a heavy iron door when War Machine had repulsor-blasted it open.  Things like that, as Steve knew all too well, came with the territory.
“All right, ‘Big Brother’, what are you up to…?”  Peter muttered, webbing cautiously after him once War Machine had turned a corner up ahead.
“Fury suffers from the delusion that I’m going steady with the guy who repairs my armor,” Tony explained, casually.
“Yeah, he was,” Tony nodded fondly, “-Professor Yinsen.  I’d actually read some of his papers, from before the war-” he began, flipping the pancake with a spatula.
“I’m here because I’ve been seeing one of the Avengers for over a year now.  If you haven’t noticed which one, maybe you should pay more attention.”
so many ice packs in the freezer of the downstairs fridge.  When he’d crossed paths with the Hulk two months later, that upgrade had certainly saved his life…
Danny sat on the new hardwood floor just off the edge of the lounge corner rug, legs folded in a challenging meditation pose.
“So I guess that means you outrank me,” Steve said with a grin, picking up where he’d left off on his tool-cleaning.
The elevator behind War Machine opened with a low chime, and Steve came in.  He was in costume, and the light from the window turned the white star across his chest a deep saffron color.  He stopped in front of the window beside War Machine, then reached up and pushed his cowl down.  Steve looked no less formidable unmasked, and the setting sun added shadows to the strong angles of his face, making him look older.
At Steve’s side, Thor moved with an air of quiet competence, as befitted a slayer of giants.  In the stories often he’d told, there had been other fumes, other mists…
But Tony had patents to his name too, many of which still belonged to him.  Ideas he’d never had the time, or the facilities, or the venture capital to pursue.  Unknown quantities, any one of which could have been the key to saving-
He looked over at Tony and the dangling shirt, then shut his eyes and sighed.  Tony came closer and sat down on the side of the mattress.
Tony spotted Peter, dropped a hand on his shoulder, and propelled him gently but firmly in Jarvis’s direction.
Tony’s mind disappeared in a sheet of white flame as the high-voltage charge hit him, and he screamed.
Dyed ostrich feathers, obscuring the view, then moving away to the cadence of swaying hips.  A bouquet of dried roses, standing in a vase at the end of a long make-up table.  The brush of warm, bare shoulders hurrying by him to get to the stage, and the smell of powder, and greasepaint.  The whisper of silk, and the quiet, tight creak of corset-ribs.  Painted lips, and rouged cheeks.  Winking amusement in dark brown eyes outlined with something black, like Cleopatra.
“Because-” Steve reached over for the knotted loop of green paracord that had replaced the jacket’s cloth zipper-pull and unzipped it, “-it’s not real anymore.”
“Can you never, ever smile up at me like that again, and we just, ah, forget this conversation ever happened?”  Peter asked, hopefully.
Steve’s breath ghosted across his chest just above the arc, and he brought his right hand into play, doing something to the curve of Tony’s lower back with the ball thumb that-
He tried not to remember the oily, pervasive touch of the symbiote’s skin meshing with his, and failed.  …He shuddered involuntarily.
“Hey,” Steve murmured, and kissed his shoulder again.  He paused a moment or two, then added, “I need to-“
“My-” Tony caught himself, “-yeah I can do that.  Tony keeps some spare tools and cables in storage there anyway.”
Tony can’t do anything but fling his arms up and around Steve’s neck and open up his mouth as Steve presses in. His lips feel like fire, his tongue wet and warm where it presses in along Tony’s. A moan vibrates between them, caught in the space where their chests press heavily into each other, and Tony honestly has no clue if the sourse is himself, Steve or some delicious combination of them both. Running his hands up Tony’s thighs, Steve presses him further into the metal wall, rubs his solid erection into the flat of Tony’s lower stomach.
An explosion and Yinsen is pressing close behind him as Tony pushes through the smoke and falling rocks, out into the startling morning. More yelling and another missle, heavy breathing behind and next to him, a grunt and a hiss. Then Tony is grappling for Yinsen, who struggles but latches onto the handholds carved into the backplate and steps into the protrusions on the side of each knee. For a briefe hysterical moment the jets remain dormant and Tony hacks a small laugh at having to do all this again. Then just as quickly, they pulse to life and he assumes the familiar stance as they blast jarringly into the sky. The last rocket drops heavy as they rise, and the entire cave is engulfed in blazing plumes.
“Good.” Stark is looking at him with such unguarded happiness it makes Steve’s entire body warm. It also brings an under current of shame along with it, maybe Stark’s wanted to strike up a friendship this whole time. “Always nice when the villains decide to take a little vacation.”
Then Steve is kissing him, bumping their mouths together awkwardly until Tony opens his mouth to gasp. It tips into absolutely wonderful then, lips slotting together like it is their designed purpose. Tony melts, arms limp at his sides and eyes fluttering closed, giving over to the direction of Steve’s hand now at his nape. Tony feels Steve’s other arm circle all the way around his waist, feels it tighten and moans so loud into Steve’s mouth it fills the entire living room.
The metal door is off its hinges and clanging to the floor. Tony is pressing forward with panting breaths as the auxiliaries pulse to life. They are out into the hallway, Yinsen’s face covered by a helmeted welder’s mask. Before the door is fully settled and motionless on the floor, they are half the hallway away and moving fast. Heads and guns are moving in time and turning towards them as they continue racing down the cavern and before the first shots have a chance to go off, a blast of flames shoots from Tony’s arm. The repulsors will always be better, but damn he sort of forgets why this tool is not standard issue in all armors.
Letting out a heavy breath, Tony glanced up in time to catch the glass of shrapnel. It was getting a little repetitive, but Yinsen’s false cheer still felt reassuring. Enough for Tony to force himself into a decision just before the pounding of fists on metal broke out between them.
“Captain Rogers?” And jesus, Tony wants to focus on how he sounds like he doesn’t know his own name. He really does, but holy shit his voice just about lights Tony on fire. The tether is undulating somehow, like it wants to snap closer at their virtual proximity but can’t. Pepper sends him a strange look, but it takes Rogers confusion flooding his senses to bring him back into the room.
His running shoes are leaning against the front door like always, but they look like he took them off in some kind of hurry instead of stacking them neatly against the wall. For a long moment he just looks at them, searching through his memory for the hasty removal of the sneakers. The image comes up like always, eidetic memory still intact it seems. It feels a little odd, he’s never been so thirsty as to just kick them off without preamble before. Yet, he can almost feel the urgency behind it even now. Something about it tastes off.
“Gonna convince me?” He teases and presses himself fuller into Steve’s side, letting his hardening cock brush up the side of the larger man’s hip.  He nibbles the side of Steve’s jaw, draws his lips up and over his cheekbone before sliding back down to suck on his earlobe. “Steve.”
Here though, with Steve’s arms circling him, his breath harsh against Tony’s cheek and lips wide open, Tony knows the answer. It’s this feeling, this swooping in his stomach when Steve licks the roof of his mouth, when he bites down on Steve’s lower lip and gets a little gust of hot air over his face for the trouble. It’s the way his fingers tingle when Steve brushes his thumb over his knuckles, how his head fits just so into the crook of Steve’s neck. He wants to write terrible poetry and play a boombox outside Steve’s bedroom window, no mind if it’s snowing or raining or 3 million degrees. He wants to buy him flowers and do something excessively crazy, like ask him to spend the night and do nothing more than sleep next to each other.
Then Rogers seems to gather what question Tony actually answered and sighs. It sounds put upon, but his core is all amusement and Tony can’t help the stupid grin. Pepper’s eyebrow raises and he just smiles brighter.
They are in the little entryway of Tony’s small apartment, pressed up to one wall and wrapped around each other to the point of absurdity. It was supposed to be a goodbye kiss, Steve has both his jacket and shoes on even. Honestly, Tony really did intend to let him go, only meant to get a few more seconds of Steve while he could. It always starts that way, the best laid plans, but the second Steve leans down Tony loses all of them.
Rhodey looks away and sighs, laying his head against the tent’s tension tight wall. “We need to have someone look into that.” He remarks with a gesture to Tony’s chest.” Make sure-”
Tony beams, his eyes crinkle up and his lips pull to show his teeth and Steve wants to do something insane. Wants to go back into his bedroom and get the ring box and make an idiot out of himself.
When Stark opens his eyes, when Steve can feel him breathing, can feel him talking, he nearly collapses in relief. He feels so overwhelmed by joy, feels completely wracked through with sorrow at how wrong he was about this astonishing man.
Tony can’t be patient anymore, he can’t wait. He needs Steve to do something to him, he needs to touch Steve, needs to see him. Needs, needs,
The suit lurches to the right when the wind spirals too quickly for it to remain balanced and Tony curses loud and long. The visibility is decreasing every second and even this latest upgrade is having trouble remaining airborne. Still he pushes on, clenches his arms and legs in tandem with the rocking winds and scans down every reading desperately hoping for some kind of heat signature.
“There are plenty of things I’m bad at. Just two weeks ago you had to spend a full twenty minutes explaining Instagram to me.” Steve points out, and lets out a deep sigh. He keeps his smile in place and luckily Stark seems caught up enough in their banter not to notice the subtle shift in his mood.
He is stunning like this, all mused hair and manic grin, the lines at the corners of his eyes deep and joyful. It’s always down here that she regrets all the times she’s stepped back from his flirting, pulled away just when things started to lean into romantic. It’s always been the right call, always been the mature and rational choice. They would burn each other up, would exhaust each other, would tarnish this most precious friendship. But sometimes she wonders.
Then the world is tilting and Steve is fucking standing up, standing straight off the couch with Tony in his arms like it is something completely normal and not at all insane. Tony’s body freezes, goes completely rigid for one insane second. Then, well, then he loses all control of every single part of his mind in one fell swoop.
He tries a shaky smile and opens his mouth to defend his choice, completely at a loss for how to explain his thought process without sounding completely insane. Tony knows he rarely rides in anything but Shield issue SUVs and his own motorcycle. He’s never even really seen more of an Audi than it’s silhouette in this very garage.
“I had to, I couldn’t...” Tony is staggering to his feet now, wobbling and leaning heavily into the dented wall. He reaches a hand out for Steve and Steve takes it without thinking, marveling at the points where the bear tips of his fingers hit Tony’s knuckles. The thickness of them is so familiar and Steve drops the hand just as suddenly as he took it.
Rhodey only sees the scales once at MIT and promptly writes them off as the effects of alcohol and being best friends with Tony Stark. They are in their shared apartment, the one Tony bought for them as a way of telling Rhodey he planned to continue bumming it at MIT for his EE doctorate. They are both more than a little bit sheets-to-the-wind and Rhodey cannot honestly recall if the drinking was started by a celebration or a break up. Either way, the wine tastes like smooth honey and Tony is laughing hard enough to knock both of them against the wall in a haphazard repetition. The linoleum is peeling where they sit against the wall in their tiny not-really-a-kitchen kitchenette, next to a hot plate and a bowl filled with about twelve truly terrible tasting pancakes. They’d long gone cold and Rhodey does not mind at all when Tony’s flailing left foot knocks a few out and onto the yellowing floor.
Not that they’ve done this before, they’ve never done this before. Steve would remember it better, would keep the memory close and protected like it contained a matter of national security. He shakes his head and looks back at Tony as the elevator doors open, meets his eyes and forgets all about his silly cat shirt.
“It’s a college town right by Athens.” She answers with an airy chuckle and shy sideways smile. He grins back and nods in some sort of understanding.
Also, Tony was inclined to trust his prison mate on that statement of reality. There really wasn’t a way to know for sure, not completely, but simplest explanation and all. The pain on each cycle felt real enough, as did the bullets and the tube. The earnestness and bafflement on Yinsen’s face seemed too genuine for the man to not be experiencing consciousness himself. Plus, Tony always assumed reality over magic or religion. Hypothesis número dos may just deserve to be his working theory.
The pause this time feels heavy, but only lasts a few moments before it’s cut with, “I’m afraid he is unavailable today.” Steve draws up short, large water bottle in one hand, the other stretching out to turn on the tap.
It shouldn’t be this easy, their awkward edges should catch for longer, should linger in the air and make them both uneasy. Instead, Tony can just run his hand through Steve’s hair without a thought in the world. Nothing has been this easy, nothing to do with other people anyways. Steve comes as simply as coding, as mathematics and physics. He is the undeniable truth of the universe, fascinating and driving Tony to understand more and more everyday.
