“Okay.” Liam said, nodding his head.
“No, just 10 more minutes.” Tony said showing Steve his puppy eyes and giving a pout.
“Tony, is everything okay?” Bruce asked.
—————
He finally came to the conclusion after waiting for an hour and half, that Ryan wasn’t going to come. That he never wanted this in the first place and that he wasn’t important to Ryan anymore. He grabbed his phone, paid for his drink and made his way outside of the restaurant, catching the sad glance that Lia shot him as if she had figured out what was going on. Peter then dialed Steve’s number and waited for his papa to pick up.
It’s Peter’s birthday!
“I got a call from Mr. Jones, Peter’s teacher, saying that Peter had fainted in class. He went up to complete a word problem on the board and when he finished and was returning to his seat he passed out.” Tony explained.
“Thanks Bruce.” Steve and Tony said as they hugged him.
“Sleepy time it is.” Tony said with a chuckle.
“As fast as I can.” Dr. Richards said giving him a smile.
“Sure kiddo. That’s a good place to start with.” Tony said.
Liam tried his best to not let the pain show. He bit his lip to stop himself from crying out in pain and ran much slower than his papa did. It was when they were nearing the end of the run, did Liam finally stop and cry out, the pain searing through his ankle was unbearable. Steve stopped and turned around, kneeling next to his son.
“Not sure. His teacher said that the nurse was still checking on him.” Tony replied.
Tony turned around to see his husband and other two kids standing there looking at them. Steve quickly made his way towards his son and looked at his face.
Peter nodded his head and gave his uncle a smile. Bruce then said his goodbyes so that Peter could rest and Tony and Steve thanked him one more time.
“Hmm, Tony? What’s wrong?” Steve said as he blinked his eyes open and yawned.
“Bruce?” He called as he stepped inside the door.
“We’re just going to check on your brother baby.” He said running a hand through Damian’s hair.
“Like it? Bud we love it. This is truly beautiful.” Tony said pulling his son in a hug.
“Papa, why are you crying?” Peter asked with worry on his face.
They arrived home and Steve carried Peter to his room and set him down on the bed. He gently took Peter’s face in his hands and wiped the tears dripping down his cheeks.
“So what happened?” Steve asked.
“What happened?” Tony asked.
“P-Peter what are you doing here?” Ryan asked nervously.
Tony took one glance around to look at his team before telling them all to suit up and head out. They were all about to leave when a video call appeared on the Tower’s cam. The team looked at each other in confusion before Tony went over and picked up the call. The sight that he saw made his heart stop and blood boil.
“Now just one more and then you’ll be done.” Dr. Richards said.
Peter nodded his head and helped Liam get up. He then started to clean up the mess that was made.
Peter laughed, “we’re not cheating Li. You just suck at this game.
“Shh, you’re okay. I’m okay. I’m right here with you. I’m not leaving you bud. I’m right here. It’s okay kiddo. We’re okay.” Tony said as he reassured his son.
Liam smiled, carefully lifting his brother onto his lap.
“Oh I’m pretty sure you do know who he is very well Captain.” the kidnapper replied.
Liam shook his head no.
Pete took a deep breath and said, “Ryan never showed up for our date.”
“Li, whatcha doing?” Peter asked.
“B-but isn’t o-one enough?” Peter said shrinking farther into Tony’s hold.
“So you’re not mad?” Liam said slowly.
“Lili.” Damian said smiling to his big brother.
“Yes Captain. Calling Sir.” Jarvis said as he dialed Tony’s number.
_______________
“Alright bud.” Steve said as he tucked in his son and got in beside him.
“Yep.” Liam said.
After all three boys were snuggled in and sound asleep, they made their way to their room, changed and climbed into bed. The first thing they were going to do in the morning was visit that girl and give her a piece of their mind.
Steve didn’t say anything and his kidnapper was furious and continued to torture him and all Steve could do was sob and scream for him to stop.
“Yeah, we’re the best losing squad.” Liam said giving his uncle a high five.
Peter and Damian nodded but they weren’t going to eat until everyone was at the table.
Peter and Damian looked at both of their parents and then each other. Liam watched his parents handle his brothers in silence.
Steve poured him a glass of water while Tony helped Peter sit up against the wall.
“Are you sure bud? You know uncle Bruce wouldn’t mind and we’ll be right there with you.” Tony said.
“Tony. Babe if something’s wrong, you can tell us. You know that right? We won’t judge you babe.” Steve said gently.
“They grabbed my arm and pulled it hard. It hurts papa.” Peter said with a little whimper.
“If you think your gonna get away with this, then you’re in for a treat. You won’t make it out alive once I find you.” Tony said growling at the man on the screen.
Ms. Lee nodded her head and then went to fetch the fever reducers. She returned back with a glass of water and the medicine and handed them to Peter.
“You alright bud?” Steve asked with a frown.
Liam was in the kitchen cooking him and his brothers noddles since they were all hungry and craving them. Both of his parents were out on an Avenger’s mission and they wouldn’t return for a couple more hours. Peter and Damian were watching tv in the living room, engrossed in the show that was playing. Liam let the noodles boil and decided that he should tidy up the kitchen. He cleaned the counter tops and was moving towards the other side but on his way there, he bumped into the handle, which caused the pot to fall and clatter on the floor while Liam tried to save it. The boiling hot water and noodles spilled out on Liam’s hand and he ended up yelping out in pain.
“Now listen to me and listen to me well okay. You’re smart, you’re a genius and you’ve shown that loads of times. Just because you didn’t get into your top college, doesn’t mean that you’re dumb or you didn’t try hard enough. Maybe this isn’t the right choice of college for you. Maybe there is something better and greater for you in the future. This is just one letter from one college, no one else has rejected you yet and there are hundreds of other colleges that you can always apply to. We’ll be happy with whoever accepts you kiddo.” Tony said.
Peter looked at where his parents were standing with tears in his eyes and two seconds later Steve and Tony were rushing towards him and hugging him. Steve scooped his son up and put him in his lap as Peter continued to cry. When he finally calmed down, he looked up at them.
“D-don’t leave p-please.” Tony whimpered out.
Steve inched the vibrator down towards his hole, spreading apart his legs even more as he put it against his opening and pushed the tip inside. Tony pulled out another vibrator which was smaller than the one that Steve was using. So while Steve fucked his hole, he took the smaller vibrator and brushed it against his clit. He teased his son, maneuvering the vibrator all over his mound and lips while Steve continued to push the object in and out of his hole. They knew that their son was close, but they weren’t going to stop. They were going to overstimulate him and watch as their baby boy went crazy for them.
“Yeah, thanks Bruce.” Tony said giving his friend a smile and taking the medication.
“Thanks dads.” Liam whispered.
Peter swallowed thickly and said, “yes daddy, I won’t.”
Tony did just that, letting his son’s voice calm him down. Footsteps were heard coming down the stairs but Liam didn’t pay them any attention. He kept his focus on Tony as he helped him come down from the panic attack that he was experiencing, letting his voice soothe his dad the best way it could. Tony let out a harsh breath, willing himself to calm down. He closed his eyes tightly and felt arms loop around him while the ones that were holding his hands tightened their grip even more. He tried his best to get his breathing to labor down and kept his eyes shut until he knew it was over. The tightness in his chest disappeared, his heart rate calmed down, his hands weren’t shaking as badly anymore and his breathing was back to normal. He opened his eyes and looked in front to see who it was and saw Liam’s worrying eyes looking at him. He turned his head to see who was around him and was also met by the worrying stares of Steve, Peter and Damian.
Tony and Steve both made eye contact with each other and communicated with their eyes. Something wasn’t right.
Tony and Steve laughed at their son’s cheekiness as they looked through the pictures. Each one brought smiles to their faces and their hearts melted when they saw their most precious and special moments. It ranged from the day the got married, to the days they had their date nights, to the day they adopted all three of them and brought them home, to the days they celebrated all their special occasions together. There were little notes written to the side and god were their children trying to make them into an emotional mess or what?
“STEVE!” Tony yelled as he ran up the stairs to his room where his husband was at.
Peter continued to cry, not believing that his dad was here. The nightmare he had still in the back of his mind. He squeezed his dad tighter while tears fell down his face.
Soon the family fell asleep watching the movie and Damian learned one thing, that even if everyone in the world is against him, his family will always be there for him whenever he needed them and he couldn’t be happier knowing that he had people in his life that loved him and wanted him just as much as he loved them and wanted them in his.
“Peter fainted during class.” Tony said.
“If you ever look towards my husband again, I will kill you and make sure that your body isn’t found.” Tony growled out.
“Okay papa.” Liam said before running up to his room so that he could change his clothes.
Liam pulled his brother into a hug and smiled at the thought of how much Peter truly cared for him. He placed a kiss on his head and ruffled his hair, holding him in his arms.
“Okay, okay. Oh my god. Is he okay? I’m on my way right now.” Tony said as he quickly went upstairs to tell his husband.
One look at their son’s face and Tony took the phone from his hand while Steve held him close to his chest. Peter continued to cry, his heart hurting even more at the cruel words that Ryan had sent. Tony read over the message that had been sent and his eyes harden. Who the hell was this guy and what even gave him the right to say shit like this. Oh Tony was so going to teach him a lesson but that could wait. His son needed him the most right now and that’s who he needed to focus on.
Damian is in 6th grade.
“Dames come on bud or you’re gonna be late.” Steve said.
Liam is a Senior in high school.
“Hey, hey Steve, babe listen. Listen to me love. You’re okay, you’re safe now. You’re home, in our bed, in our room with me and Peter right here with you. Breathe for me babe, breathe.” Tony said as he gently consoled Steve and tried to get him to calm down.
“Ah. It’s not that big of a deal. I’m fine.” Liam said not wanting to worry his brothers.
“Yes sir.” Tony said giving his head a nod.
“Doctor appointment?” Damian asked.
“Papa, 5 more minutes. Please.” Damian said.
“Hey, it’s okay. We’ve got you. You’ll be okay babe. I’m so sorry I couldn’t get to you sooner. It’s alright, let’s go home. You’re safe now. You’re with me.” Tony said as he gently consoled Steve.
“No need for that bud. We’re always going to be here for you whenever you need us. You can tell us anything you want.” Steve said.
Peter felt his heart freeze and then shatter at the sight of seeing his boyfriend kissing someone else. He rubbed his eyes with his hands, trying to see if it was just a hallucination that he was having but when he looked back over to where Ryan was at, he saw him giggling and laughing with the girl. The girl who was suppose to be him. Ryan was suppose to be with him, not her. Weren’t they boyfriends, or was everything that they ever had meant nothing and Ryan was only using him?
She let out a cry and Liam quickly grabbed his things and ran out of her apartment as fast as he could, not looking back. Clenching his teeth hard he swallowed down the nauseous feeling that was creeping up his throat. He sat in his car and took a deep breath and began driving home, trying his best to stop himself from shaking and his tears from falling.
“Are you, are you sure I won’t have to go back to that school?” Damian asked.
Peter wiped his eyes and gave his dads a watery smile. Steve and Tony smiled back and pressed a kiss to his head as Peter began to calm down.
“W-where’s dad? Where is h-he? W-why isn’t he h-h-here?” Peter hiccuped as tears ran down his cheeks.
Steve laughed a little at their interactions before wincing. Peter looked up at Steve. “Are you sure you’re okay papa?”
“Alright then. Next I’m just going to check your heartbeat.” He said, placing the stethoscope on his chest.
“Oh really, wow kiddo. That’s so sweet. Guess we have a mini Steve in our house then.” Tony said with a chuckle.
“Let’s go see what your brothers are doing and then we’ll have dinner.” Tony got up and Steve and Liam followed behind.
“Yes, yes, yes!” Damian squealed out.
Just when Steve thought he couldn’t hate the media more, he found another reason. Steve let out an angry puff as his son told him just how harsh they had been. He examined the arm and saw the fingerprints that were left on the skin. He took Peter into his own arms and said, “how about we go home and see if a heating pad will help with that yeah?”
Tony leaned over to ruffle his son’s hair and they got situated into bed. They all cuddled each other close while Tony ran a hand through Steve’s hair gently. Soon they all fell asleep and Steve didn’t have anymore nightmares during the night. He knew that no matter what his family would be there for him whenever he needed them no matter how bad the situation would be. His family would always have his back.
Bruce gently wrapped Liam’s ankle in a cast, trying his best to not cause his nephew anymore pain. He also provided him with crutches so that he could walk without having to strain himself.
“Hello, this is Stark-Rogers.” Tony said.
Everyone in the room froze.
“We’re glad you like it kiddo.” Tony said.
“OH SHIT, DADDY I’M CUMMING.” Peter screamed as liquid gushed out of his pussy and all over his parents cocks and their laps.
Steve smiled back. “Well why don’t you get ready and then we’ll head out.”
“Do you wanna take a shower?” Steve asked.
“Okay I will. Thanks uncle Bruce.” Liam said.
“I got you something as well.” Steve said.
Peter chuckled a bit before putting his phone away and following his dad out.
“LILI.” Damian squealed, seeing his brother.
“Mr. Stark Rogers, your son is in the back with his friend.” Ms. Lee said as she escorted them to the back.
“N-no, n-no, you’re l-lying. Dad’s in t-trouble. Papa w-we h-have to save h-him. We h-have t-to s-save him.” Peter said frantically as he tried to get out of Steve’s hold and Steve tightened his arms around his son.
“Okay.” Both of his brothers replied.
Peter groaned at his parents dramatic behavior before they all bursted out laughing. After a bit more teasing, and Steve telling Peter to enjoy his date, they finally left. It took him 15 minutes to arrive to the restaurant that they had planned to go.
“Sore, really sore.” Steve said as he groaned out when his back protested him from sitting up.
“We’ll come help.” Sam said, gesturing to himself and Bucky.
“Hey what’s up?” Bruce asked.
Liam helped Peter set the board up, placing all the pieces in the box and putting it in the middle where it would be accessible. They explained the game to everyone and then started.
“Dad?” Liam said walking towards the work station he knew Tony always worked at.
“Do you have to go?” Peter said as he wrapped his arms around his dad’s middle and hugged him tightly.
“Yes papa.” Damian nodded.
The class went quiet before someone spoke up and said, “Damian started it sir.”
“And how exactly, may I ask, did my son start the fight when I don’t even see a scratch on that kid while my son’s nose appears to be broken?” Tony growled out.
“Here you go bud.” Steve said as he handed the glass to his son.
Tony’s eyes showed panic and his breathing picked up a bit more. Liam squeezed Tony’s hand a bit harder, trying to ground him as he started speaking again.
“Papa’s right dad. And we’re always going to be here for you as well. You haven’t failed or disappointed us, you’re far from that. You’ve always been here since the beginning and you’ve done more for me, for us, ever since you adopted us and we’re really glad to know that we can look up to you and that you’ll always be here for us, just like we’ll always be here for you. We love you.” Liam said, giving his dad a smile.
Steve still hadn’t said a word and the kidnapper was getting furious. He cutoff the machine and then went towards him while grabbing a scalpel from the table.
The coach nodded and let the class go and Damian made his way to the basketball hoops. He grabbed a ball and went to the furthest one away from everyone else. He was minding his own business and ignoring his classmates until a ball came flying out of no where and hit the back of his head. He winced a bit but didn’t pay them much attention.
“Yeah babe?” He said.
“Hey, it’s okay. No big deal. There are still hundreds of other colleges out there that you could definitely get into kiddo.” Tony said.
“What happened to your hand kiddo?” Steve asked worriedly.
When Bruce left, Tony looked at his son and asked, “do you want something to eat bud?”
“Thanks dad. Thanks pops. Glad you loved them.” Peter said, giving his parents a tight hug.
Meanwhile Steve and Tony were in the kitchen, preparing their son his favorite meal along with ice cream and cookies that were also his favorite.
Tony let out a wet chuckle and brought his youngest son into a hug, burying his face into his shoulder as he rocked them back and forth. He pressed a kiss to his cheek and just held him in his arms while his husband and other two kids held him in theirs. He could hear the reassurances that they were saying. It took him a couple of minutes to calm down and once he was sure that he wasn’t going to break down again, he pulled them apart, giving them all watery smiles.
“Alright munchkin, now it’s your turn. Whatcha got kiddo?” Tony said pulling his youngest son into his lap.
Steve and Tony chuckled and Tony said, “We can agree with you on that kiddo.”
“Okay. I’m up, I’m up.” Damian said getting up and throwing the blankets off of him.
“Tiring but successful as always.” Tony said also making his way over to the couch.
One of them cornered Tony, pressing up against him, touching him and Tony started to feel uncomfortable. He could practically feel the man breathing down his neck and his hands traveling somewhere that Tony wished was just some hallucination that he was having. He clenched his jaw when he felt a hand grab his butt and stopped himself from doing something that would not end well.
Liam let out a laugh, kissed his brother’s cheek and let go of him.
“Well that’s good. I’m gonna go bring out dinner. Dad and your brothers should be down in a bit.” Steve said.
“You need something buddy?” Steve asked.
Steve sighed and said, “I hope not. We’ll see when we get there.”
——————
“I-I don’t k-know.” Peter said as he closed his eyes again and made sure that the nauseous feeling wouldn’t come back up.
“Thanks again Bruce. Really appreciate it.” Tony said.
“What happened buddy? What’s wrong?” Tony asked.
“Thanks dad.” Liam said returning the hug.
“HAPPY BIRTHDAY!” Everyone screamed, bright smiles on their face.
“I’m about to leave as well. I’ll meet you there in 20-30 minutes.” Ryan said.
“Daddy, bathroom.” Peter said tugging on Tony’s leg.
“What’s going on here?” Tony asked with a confused expression.
“Better, that was a good nap.” Liam said.
Liam nodded his head, acknowledging that he had heard his dad. He laid on the couch, felt two kisses being planted on his head as he closed his eyes while sleep finally consumed him.
“Hey bub.” Tony said as he ruffled each of their hairs.
Liam gave him a gentle smile and nodded his head, using his other hand and running it through his hair.
Peter gasped as if Tony had offended him. “Rude.”
Tony and the team were looking for Steve everywhere. They checked all the places that they could think of where Steve could be. Tony had tried tracking down from where the video call could have came from but he wasn’t able to pinpoint the location. So they had decided to spilt up and search for Steve wherever they thought he could be at.
Steve smiles and nodded, “sure bud.”
“Yeah?” Liam said drowsily.
Damian sat at the kitchen table and began to eat his breakfast. Tony and Steve joined him as well and when they were done he placed his dishes in the sink, grabbed his book bag and made his way out the door with his dad.
“Yeah, yeah I’m fine.” Peter said as he coughed again.
Liam chuckled, giving one more kiss to his little brother’s cheek and let him sit on his lap, wrapping an arm around him to keep him steady.
Peter woke up feeling dizzy and hot. His throat felt scratchy, his limbs felt sore and he felt like a truck had run over him. He looked at the time and groaned, knowing that it was time for school. He shakily got up and sat on the bed, taking a deep breath to stop the feeling of nausea creeping up from his stomach. He made his way to the bathroom and as soon as he stepped inside, he felt the bile come up his throat and he ran towards the toilet. He slid on his knees and began to retch, feeling his stomach convulse as he puked up what he had ate last night. When there wasn’t anything left, he took a shaky breath and leaned against the wall.
Tags will updated as the story progresses and this work will contain mild language.
Hi guys, hope you’re all doing well. Sorry for being inactive, I sorta kinda lost interest in my writing but I’ve decided to start again with a different prompt.
“Yes sir.” The class said again.
“Aww thanks buddy. I love you.” Peter said, picking his baby brother up and pecking his cheeks.
“I think we should go get the bigger board.” Peter said getting up and running to his room.
“This is so beautiful Li. Wow. Thanks kiddo. This is amazing.” Steve said.
“Is he okay?” Steve questioned.
“Both of you, principal’s office now.” The coach said while he went to tell the other coach if they could watch the class so he could handle the situation.
“Ah well, I went on a run with papa, ended up tripping, fractured my ankle and now we’re here.” Liam said.
“I should definitely take some pictures. You look so cute Petey Pie.” Tony said.
“Hey, talk to us love.” Tony said, cupping Liam’s face in his hand and rubbing his cheek, wiping away his tears.
“Should we let uncle Bruce look at it when they come back from the mission?” Peter asked.
“Yeah it’s definitely broken. What happened?” Bruce asked.
Peter waited for 10 minutes, glancing every so minute at the door to see when Ryan would arrive. When he finally saw his boyfriend walk in the door, he was about to gesture him towards where he was at when he saw Ryan pull a girl towards him and ask for a table of two. Peter felt confused for a minute until he saw the waitress bring them to a table, which was a couple of seats away from his and they both sat down. He then saw Ryan grab the girl’s face in his hand and gave her a kiss on the lips.
Peter wailed out at all the yelling and clicks of the camera and hid himself behind his father’s legs.
“Alright, go ahead. Just be careful okay.” Tony said.
Peter listened to each and every word his parents were saying. He sniffled one more time before burying his face farther into Tony’s embrace, closing his eyes and falling asleep. Steve and Tony both planted a kiss to his head before closing their eyes and drifting off to sleep. He knew that his parents were always going to be here for him no matter how tough times got.
Peter let out a shaky breath and said, “yeah, I, I kinda am.”
“It’s alright bud. We’re just glad that you’re okay.” Steve said.
“I’m gonna kill you once I have my hands on you.” Bucky growled out.
“About an hour. Sometimes more, sometimes less. Just depends on how I feel.” Steve said.
Steve hummed at the answer and ruffled his son’s hair, checking his temperature with his hand to make sure that he didn’t have a fever. Parental instincts, what can you say. He sighed in relief when he didn’t feel his forehead to be hot before asking his son a question.
“Good morning. Can you grab the plates for me?” Steve said.
“There we go, all done.” Dr. Richards announced as he finished putting the band-aid on him and disposed the needle.
“Hey Ned.” Tony and Steve said with a smile and then turned towards their son.
“He fell asleep. His fever feels about the same so I’m not sure if the fever reducers that the nurse gave him are strong enough.” Steve said.
“Good morning. Happy Anniversary. I love you.” Steve said.
“Tony’s right you know. If you need anything, don’t hesitate to tell us.” Rhodey said.
“Happy Anniversary babe. I love you too.” Tony said.
“Well, I, um.” The principal stuttered.
He let out a sigh, snuggling into his papa’s shoulder. Steve chuckled at his baby boy’s behavior and rubbed his hand up and down his back, making his way towards where Peter and Liam were.
Damian sighed again and rolled his eyes as he waited for their coach to start class and tell them what they were doing.
“Peter, can you do number 16 on the board?” Mr. Jones said.
“Well don’t let me stop you then bud. Go ahead and open it.” Tony said giving his son a gentle smile to ease his nerves.
“Petey up.” Damian said.
“Okay, okay I’m up.” Peter said as he sat up with a groan.
“Steve, Steve, babe, wake up love. It’s just a bad dream Steve. It’s just a bad dream. You’re okay.” Tony said gently while running a hand through his hair.
“No, I just wanna sleep.” Peter said as he rubbed his eye with his fist.
“No, nope. Not a chance kiddo. Now up and at em or else you’re gonna be late and if you’re late then dad’s gonna be late to work.” Steve said.
“Happy Anniversary.” They all said as Liam came forward and placed the tray on their nightstand.
The kidnapper smiled devilishly at him before asking his first question.
“Oooo something smells good. What’s cooking pops?” Peter asked.
“Thanks Brucie, we appreciate this a lot.” Tony said.
Peter backed up out of his reach, let out a harsh laugh and turned to the girl sitting next to him. “He’s not single. He’s been dating me for the past 4 months. He asked me out on a date after a long time because we were both so busy and I agreed. I’ve been waiting for him for the past 10 minutes to arrive but I guess he had other plans.” Peter said looking over at Ryan with anger and hurt in his eyes.
Tony buried his face deeper into Steve’s chest, letting himself cry while his family comforted him. He didn’t know why this was affecting him so much. Steve lifted Tony up and walked his way to the couch, their children following him behind as he sat down and held his husband close. He murmured reassurances in his ear and rocked them back and forth. Liam, Peter and Damian didn’t say anything and just tried their best by comforting their dad the best way they could. Tony’s sobs eventually died down but he didn’t look up and kept his face hidden.
“Wow guys. This was amazing. Thank you.” Peter said, giving them all smiles.
Steve let Peter finish and got up to go get the cold medicine. He returned back and saw that Peter had ate half of the bowl and didn’t push him to finish it. He poured the medicine into the cup and gave it to Peter. Peter swallowed it down and let out a sigh. He snuggled into the blankets as he let his papa tuck him in. Steve pressed a kiss to his head and made his way towards the door but before he could get up a hand caught his wrist and he stopped.
They set the trays down on the table, making sure that they wouldn’t fall but still be in reach. Steve took a seat between Tony and Peter as Damian climbed out of Tony’s lap and into his, snuggling into his papa’s chest. Steve chuckled at how adorable his son acted and pulled him close, planting a kiss to his head while grabbing the mug of hot chocolate
“PETER!” Ned yelled as he surged forward to catch his best friend.
Ned sighed before walking to class with Peter.
“Mr. Stark, who is this child?”
They had ordered all of Peter’s favorite food and the cake which should arrive just in time. There were games set up and the music was ready to play as well. Everyone was running around the backyard to make sure that everything was set up in time. It was two hours later when Liam, Peter and Damian all entered the house and Liam ushered Peter to go get ready because there was a surprise waiting for him. Steve took Damian so he could get his youngest ready and make their way down before Peter did. Peter gave his brother a confused look but went to go change anyway. Liam got ready and made his way down and was glad that he was the first one there. When Peter got down, Liam put a blindfold over his eyes, took his hand and walked him outside to where everyone was waiting.
“Morning dad, morning pops.” He said with a cough.
Steve and Tony’s face softened even more while their hearts broke. “Of course buddy.”
The kidnapper wasn’t happy with Steve’s response and had a hard glare on his face. “You wanna play it like that, fine then. We’ll play it like that.”
Damian stood up and brought his tiny hands up to wipe the tears from Tony’s eyes.
Liam hesitated a bit. His hands still felt shaky but maybe coloring could take his mind off of those thoughts. He smiled at his brother and took the book that was offered and Peter made room for Liam to sit down. They colored and watched the show until their papa told them to come sit at the table for dinner.
“Liam?” Steve said.
“Now let’s have some fun, should we now Stevie. I’ll ask you some questions and if you don’t answer them, then I’ll punish you,” the man said.
“You’re blood pressure is in a normal range so that’s good. Now I’m just going to check your eyes, ears and throat.” Dr. Richards said.
“I’m fine. Let’s just get to class.” Peter said  as he closed his locker and began to walk.
Liam giggled at the way his brother spoke, finding it adorable and pinched his chubby cheeks. Damian giggled and squealed as he was tickled and tried to get out of his brother’s hold.
Lia led Peter to a table and sat there while he waited for Ryan to arrive. He ordered a glass of juice while he waited for his boyfriend’s arrival.
“Who wants to go next?” Dr. Richards asked.
“DADDY!” Peter screamed as he felt the sensation travel through his body.
“Yeah I’m okay. Could of been worse.” Tony said as he gave Steve a small smile.
“Wait Bruce, can you tell Peter that he can come in if he wants to.” Tony said.
“Hey dad, hey pops. How was the mission?” Peter asked.
“Who was bullying you kiddo?” Liam asked, stepping closer to his youngest brother.
“We’ll let Bruce look at your nose when we get home yeah?” Tony said.
Ned quickly helped his teacher and grabbed Peter. He put his arm around Peter’s waist and put Peter’s around his neck while he and Mr. Jones did the same with Peter. They both carried him to the nurse’s office.
“Babe. Pete.” He said again as he walked over to where they were. Steve’s head snapped up at the sound of their name and met Tony’s eyes.
Damian wiped at his eyes as he began to make his way to the bathroom so he could clean himself up.
“Yep, totally fine. It was just a tickle.” Peter said as he gave them both a grin.
“Aww you wouldn’t do that to me now, would you Barnes?” The kidnapper said.
“Hey it’s okay bub.” Steve said.
“A-are you g-going to b-believe m-me?” Damian asked in a shaky voice.
Damian bit his lip at his coach’s words and left returning back to where he was playing. He grabbed a ball that he saw wasn’t being used and tried his best to stay away from them.
Everyone laughed at Tony’s statement and Damian pulled out all the drawings and water paintings that he had made of his parents. They were so stunned to see how talented their son was at such a young age. Each drawing was beautifully made, looked as if it was drawn or painted by a professional artist who had years of experience. The fact that their son could draw so beautifully at such a young age made them wonder how long he’s been hiding his talent and why didn’t he ever show it.
Just when Steve was finishing to make sure that Peter felt comfortable and that the binding wasn’t too tight, Tony stepped out of the bathroom, looking a bit more relaxed and less tense. He made his way towards the bed where his son and husband were and got under the covers.
“See kiddos. It wasn’t that bad. Thank you Doctor.” Steve said as he shook hands with him, Tony doing the same after.
“Yes daddies.” Peter said.
Peter let the words sink in and he tackled his dad, getting out of Steve’s hold and wrapping his arms around Tony as he buried his face into his dad’s chest and cried. Tony gently rocked them back and forth as he let his son cry, while Steve ran a hand through his son’s hair and held his hand. When he stopped crying, he looked up to his parents and gave them a smile.
“Yes ma’am. A table for two please.” Peter said.
“Good boy Pete. Such a perfect good boy for us.” Steve said as he grabbed the vibrator from the side draw.
Peter looked up at his dad with a big smile before squealing out and laughing. “Daddy, sand.”
“What movie should we watch?” Peter asked as he grabbed the remote and scrolled through Netflix.
She stared at him. “Why do you have to ruin the mood?”
Steve clenched his jaw at the mention of someone touching his husband where he didn’t want to be touched. He pulled them closer, running a hand up and down Tony’s back as he placed a kiss on both of their heads while using his other hand and running it through his son’s hair.
When he received several head nods he looked at them one more time before telling them all to leave. They all left quickly, not once looking back at the family. Once they were alone Steve walked them over to a safe spot, pulled both of them in a hug and made sure that they were okay.
Tony picked up the call and asked, “Steve? It’s a bit late for a call isn’t it. Is everything okay?”
“You’re kidding right? Of course we’re going to get you guys presents, it’s your anniversary.” Liam said in almost a whining manner.
Damian smacked his lips, letting out a yawn, rubbing his eyes and then opening them. Steve chuckled a bit. He adored how much his son acted younger then his age at times. It made him feel grateful that he still had someone who he could baby around. Peter and Liam grew up so fast and he missed those times when they were little and dependent on him. He missed running around chasing after them and when they adopted Damian, he was glad that he would still have someone else that he could baby with his whole heart.
“Love you papa.” Peter said.
Bruce nodded his head and went outside to send Peter in. When Peter entered the medical wing he quickly rushed to where his papa was lying.
They sat up against the headboard and Liam brought the tray in front of them. The aroma of the food hit their noses and it smelled amazing. They began to eat their breakfast, enjoying the taste of everything that was on the plate.
Steve flinched and whimpered, and Tony pulled him closer while looking the direction of where Clint and Thor were holding him and growled.
“Hey, how is he?” Bruce asked as he made his way to his nephew.
‘No, no, no, no, no. It couldn’t be.’ Peter chanted in his head.
“Yay. Petey up! Petey up!” Damian giggled and clapped.
“Alright Damian, you ready?” Dr. Richards said.
“Paaaaapaaaa, you’re suppose to be on our side.” Peter said giving Steve a pout.
Bruce frowned and looked at his nephew and began to check his nose. Damian let our little hisses as Bruce’s hand made contact with his broken nose. Bruce hummed to himself, this was definitely broken.
What your prompt is centered on.
Liam gave them all smiles and that’s how he spent the rest of the day. He showed them his drawings, set up his new phone, they ate dinner and then finally cuddled up on the couch to watch a movie. Liam sighed in content. Even though he was bed ridden for a couple of weeks, he knew that his family would always be there to make sure that he wouldn’t feel lonely at all and he loved them for that.
“It’s not gonna hurt much at all yeah. All it’s gonna be is a pinch and it’ll be over before you know it. You won’t even feel it in a couple of hours.” Tony said.
And with that, they fell into silence hoping that their son was okay.
Arriving at Liam’s door, Tony knocked. “Hey Li, it’s dad and pops. Can we come in kiddo?”
“Yeah, your ankle definitely has a fracture kiddo. We’re gonna put it in a cast so it can heal which will take up to about 6 weeks.” Bruce said.
He took the height and weight and recorded it in the folder that he had.
The phone calls took 20 minutes and 10 minutes later both of the students parents were walking into the building and heading towards the principal’s office.
He got up and made his way towards the table. He didn’t care if he was about to make a scene but he wanted answers. He wanted to know why the hell was his boyfriend was doing this. He reached the table and stared at the two.
“Hey buddy.” Liam said.
“Do you want some more bud?” Steve asked.
Tony and Steve sat up on the bed and smiled at their boys. Oh how they were so lucky to have such amazing and wonderful kids in their life.
“Thanks kiddos.” They both responded together.
The teacher then got all of the students attention and started to teach class. He handed out a worksheet for them to complete while he took attendance.
Peter let out a laugh and said, “you asked me out on a date here, remember. I’m your boyfriend or did you forget that too?”
Steve and Tony watched with a smile on their face. They were glad to see that the bond between their kids was so strong.
Peter nodded, gave them a smile and snuggled even more in between his parents. Steve put an arm around his son while Tony grabbed his hand in a way to comfort him. They watched the movie quietly and soon Peter fell asleep, knowing that his parents always had his back and that they would love him no matter what. He didn’t need Ryan in his life. He could do much better and he would. Just like his parents said, he’ll find the right one when it comes time but for now Peter enjoyed the love and comfort of his parents and he knew that if no one else in the world loved him, his dad and his pops surely did.
“Tony, hey I was just waiting for you. What’s wrong?” Bruce said as he grabbed his medical kit and followed his best friend out and up to their room.
Steve turned on the vibrator and put it against his son’s clit, pushing at the nub. He gently moved the vibrator up and down Peter’s lips, making sure to go a bit deeper and push harder into his hole.
Steve startled a bit when he felt arms come around him and twisted his head and saw that it was his oldest son.
He shook his head, clearing out the thoughts before burying his face in his dad’s chest and enjoying the moment that they were sharing. They pulled away a couple of minutes later, knowing that if they stayed too long that Tony would miss his flight, which they didn’t want to happen.
“Can you check Dami’s nose. I think it’s broken.” Tony said lifting his son up and placing him on the cot.
Tony headed towards his middle son’s room and stepped inside. He made his way over to the bed and pulled back the covers.
“Sure buddy. Come on over here for me.” Dr. Richards said.
Steve gave them all small smiles and nodded his head. “I promise guys, I’ll be okay.”
Steve smirked back before they both got in position.
“Hey buddy it’s alright. Come here.” Steve said lifting his youngest in his arms.
“Thanks dad. Oh wow. This is amazing. I love it. Thank you.” Liam said.
Richard was mad. He pulled up his fist and punched Damian in the nose which caused him to drop the ball, let out a yelp and hold his nose.
Peter looked up at both of his parents with tears streaming down his face and clouding his eyes. He opened his mouth to speak before closing it and looking back down at his hands.
When they finally arrived home, Peter ran into the house, up the stairs and to his room. Steve and Tony followed him, casting each other worrying glances as to what could have happened. Peter threw himself on the bed and cried, his heart hurting at the thought of how someone he loved could do this to him. How someone who he finally thought truly loved him for who he was, would do this. His thoughts were interrupted when his bedroom door was opened and his parents walked in.
“Hey kiddos.” Steve said as he made his way over.
Tony smiled at Steve and leaned forward, pecking him on the lips before saying, “and me and Petey will protect you love.”
Peter held onto Steve’s hand while Tony reached for the glass of water that was on the nightstand and gently brought it to Steve’s lips. Steve took small sips before pulling away and looking at his husband and son.
“Hey listen kiddos.” Tony started to say.
“No if, ands or buts. None of that okay. You don’t have to get into the top colleges kiddo. We know how tough it can be and we’re not forcing you to get into the high level colleges. Whatever college you get accepted into, we’ll be proud and happy of that. Doesn’t matter if it’s top level or not.” Steve said.
“We’ll take care of it kiddo. We’ll talk to her parents and let them know what she did and if you don’t ever wanna have contact with her ever again, we’ll make sure of that.” Steve said.
Ages for each of your characters.
Peter looked towards Ned with blurry eyes before clearing them and giving Ned a small wave.
They entered the Avengers Tower and quickly made their way to their room. Steve took Peter from Tony’s arms so he could change him while Tony changed into more comfortable clothing. Once they were all done, they made their way to their bed and Steve laid Peter down gently. He grabbed a couple of heating packs to help with the soreness in his arm.
“Have his parents been notified?” Me. Lee asked.
He turned to his team and said, “let’s go guys. We’ve got someone to kill.”
“Oops, sowwy papa.” He smiled sheepishly.
Damian bit his lip again and nodded. The sleeve was pulled up and he felt the coolness of the swab on his warm skin. He took a deep breath to calm himself as he felt Dr. Richards take his upper arm and bring the needle close. He closed his eyes shut and felt the needle connect with his skin and felt it go in. He let out a whimper and Tony hugged him close.
“I’ll believe you buddy. Did you tell your coach?” Tony asked.
Tony was in his lab, working on fixing the coffee machine that Clint had broken accidentally, when his phone rang. He went over to answer it.
“Are you sure babe? Did they do something else?” Steve asked again.
“I don’t know bud, but he’s not worth it then kiddo.” Tony said.
Tony pulled his son in a hug before explaining that Steve had told him that he would be at the tower by 4pm. He said it would only take him about 20-30 minutes and now it’s been over 3 hours.
“Come on or you’re going to be late.” Tony said, pulling the covers off of his son’s face.
Damian looked up at his dad with teary eyes and nodded. He bit his lip and looked back at the doctor who had a gentle smile on his face.
“I knew you would say that but since you’ll be in bed all day for the next few weeks, I’m pretty sure that you’ll be bored. So I got you a new graphic tablet since you love to draw so hopefully this will keep you occupied and you won’t get so bored.” Tony said, handing him the tablet.
“Did someone get that on video? That was hilarious.” Kelly said as she laughed.
“Hey dad, it’s me Liam. Can you breathe for me.” Liam said gently.
Steve and Tony laughed and continued to tease their son and Peter laughed along with them, shaking his head at his parents behavior.
It sucks when your top college rejects you, but that doesn’t mean that you don’t have other options available.
“Bye boys.” Steve shouted.
“So who’s the chick Ryan?” Peter asked as he stared at his boyfriend. Well ex-boyfriend now.
She got off of his lap, sitting beside him and used her hand to cup the outside of his cock and rubbed it. She pressed her fingers at his tip as she kissed his cheek. Liam squirmed, grabbing her hand and stopping her.
“OH MY GOD PETER!” Ned said as he quickly bent down to see if his friend hadn’t hurt his head.
Outside, the thunder had stopped but the rain still continued, not as heavily as before but could still be heard as it hit the concrete. About halfway into the movie, most of them had fallen asleep, snuggled into each other and the blankets. Everyone else snuggled together on the couches while they continued to watch the movie until they all fell asleep in the comfort of each other’s presence. It was days like these that made them happy to know that they could share some bonding time together and it would be worth it.
Mr. Jones nodded his head and said, “alright, great. You’ll have an hour to complete the problems and if you are struggling, please do ask for help. The other 30 minutes of class, I’ll call each of you up one by one and ask you to complete the problems on the board and explain what you did to get your answer. Is that understood?” Mr. Jones said.
All 5 of them laughed and Tony and Steve thought that this was definitely one of the best anniversary mornings that they ever had and were excited to spend these mornings with their small and loving family.
“Hey, you okay?” Steve asked.
It took Liam a while to understand what his parents were exactly saying. They weren’t mad, he hadn’t disappointed them and they were upset. And maybe they were right, this wasn’t the end. Yeah sure he got rejected by his top college and he had doubts on whether he could get into any other colleges but they were right. He did have lots of options open for him and maybe he’d find the right one if he kept looking.
Tony chuckled and soon they were joking around with each other. They went downstairs as Peter waited for his time to leave. When it was finally time to go, he texted Ryan if it was okay for him to leave and meet him there.
Peter then began to wake up. He mumbled in his sleep before opening his eyes.
Liam chuckled a bit and heard his family giggling behind him.
“Alright then. Let’s head home. I think that’s enough for today.” Steve said.
Tony and Steve: in their 30s/40s
“Steve, baby, sweetheart, can you open your eyes for me babe?” Tony said as he gently coaxed him.
“Sure bub. Just be careful okay?” Peter said.
“Hi baby. How you feeling?” Steve asked as he combed a hand through his son’s damp hair.
Tony gave a light peck to Steve’s lips and quickly sat down next to him on the bed and carded a hand through Peter’s hair.
“Happy birthday kiddo. We love you.” Steve and Tony said as they engulfed their son in a hug.
“Hey kiddo. How you feeling?” Steve asked.
“Now, now, now Stevie, don’t be like that. Dear ole Captain America doesn’t sound so good when he’s cursing,” the kidnapper said.
Ned looked up to see his best friend coming towards his seat and gave him a small smile. Peter smiled back despite the pounding in his head.
Liam yawned again and sat up. God that was such a good sleep.
“Everything looks great and you’re all healthy. There’s just one more thing left. Peter and Damian are due for vaccines as well so I’m just going to administer those and then you’ll be done.” Dr. Richards.
“NO STOP STOP STOP IT. STOP PLEASE NO MORE PLEASE. STOP.” Steve yelled.
“Peter, wake up.” Liam said.
“Yes, thank you. That would be great.” Steve said.
“Thanks Bruce.” Tony said before he walked out the door.
The last thing he heard was Ned telling him to stay awake and then the world went black.
“Liam got hurt on the run and his ankle is fractured. I let Jarvis scan him just to make sure and I’m bringing him down to Bruce’s lab so he can check it over.” Steve said.
“I’m sorry.” he whispered.
“This vaccine is for a different reason Peter. It’s just going to feel like the first one did.” Dr. Richards reassured him.
Peter whined before looking over to his dad’s side and sobbed loudly when he didn’t see that Tony was there.
“No. I don’t want it.” Damian said as his lip wobbled.
“Your boyfriend? You told me that you were single?” The girl next to him asked.
“Alright, I’ll just ring up their parents.” Principal Harrington said.
“I do to Bucky, trust me I wanna do the most painful things to him but let’s not talk about this here.” Tony said.
“I-it w-was great. We had a lot of f-fun.”
Steve nodded and gave her a smile and thanking Mr. Jones before scooping up his son and walking out of the nurse office. Him and Tony both signed Peter out before headed towards the car. They laid him down in the back while Steve got in the driving seat and began to drive home.
“Can y-you c-come get m-me first? P-please dad?” Peter said rubbing his eyes furiously to stop himself from crying out fully.
Damian giggled and said, “yeah LiLi, you just suck at this game.
“Oh my god guys stop cheating.” Liam said.
“Give us the ball, you little shit.” Richard said.
Peter bit his lip before saying, “c-can you stay?”
The doctor shook both of their hands, gave them a smile and told them to take a seat.
Ms. Lee nodded and continued to check Peter to find out his symptoms. Mr. Jones went to the nurses phone and dialed the number of Peter’s parents.
Ages for the boys: Damian - 11, Peter - 14 and Liam - 17.
“You okay kiddo?” Steve asked as he saw his son wince.
“Now what are you doing munchkin?” Tony asked with a grin on his face.
“Hey kiddos.” Tony said making his way towards where his kids.
“Steve, babe. How you are feeling? Tony asked as he took his husband’s face in his hands.
When they arrived at the abandoned place, they spilt up into different directions searching for where Steve could be at. They searched the whole place before Tony found the room that held Steve and informed the others.
Liam looked at his papa and blinked his eyes.
The sound of footsteps were heard, making there way down the stairs and Tony looked up to see both of his sons coming down while they were talking and making their way to the table.
Peter pouted, then smiled and said, “when I was little and got nightmares I would always hold him and he’d make me feel better. I just keep him around for the same reason and I know it’s a bit childish but he helped me so maybe if you cuddle him he could help keep your nightmares away.”
“I made you some soup. Hopefully that’ll help you feel better. But I’m going to check your temperature first okay?” Steve said.
“Damian was being what?” Steve said as he stepped into the kitchen when he heard his husband’s and son’s voice.
“Liam? Kiddo, what happened?” Steve asked kneeling down next to him.
“Yeah, yeah you’re right. Thanks dad.” Peter said giving his dad a smile.
“Head hurts, throat hurts and it’s hot.” Peter said.
“Hey J, can you scan Liam’s ankle.” Steve asked as he looked at the bruising.
Steve and Tony moaned at the splash of wetness that squirted out of their son and how his hole was clenching around their fingers. They fingered two more orgasms out of him before letting him calm down from his high.
Ned gave Peter a dry look and said, “yeah okay man, you look like you’re about to fall over.”
Damian walked towards Liam and climbed up on his lap.
Peter’s heart broke even more at the words. His eyes filled with even more tears as he ran out of the restaurant. He wiped them off furiously, trying to calm himself down as he fished out his phone and called his dad.
“Yeah it does get a bit tight and it can be uncomfortable. Just a couple more seconds and then it’ll be done.” Dr. Richards said.
“Okay daddy. Okay papa.” Peter said.
Tony’s bottom lip quivered. He took a deep breath to calm himself down, trying his best to get rid of the tears that kept on filling his eyes.
“Yeah, I think that’d be good.” Liam said.
“Getting bold I see.” Richard said as he came closer to Damian.
“Since when did they invent a bigger monopoly board?” Bruce asked.
“STEVE!” Tony shouted as he saw the state his husband was in.
Liam was woken up to the sound of the front door opening and someone talking. He opened his eyes and adjusted them, turning his head to see who it was. He spotted both of his brothers by the door as they talked and giggled about something. He groaned as he tried to sit up and that caught the attention of both Peter and Damian.
And any other prompt details you might want to add. Your prompts can be simple and to the point or in detail as to what you want to happen. If your prompt confuses me, which I’m sure it won’t, I’ll ask for clarifications.
“Y-yeah a b-bit.” Peter said.
Lilly took Liam’s hands and pinned them above his head, opening the button of his jeans, taking out his cock and jerking him. Liam let out a growl, using his knee he kicked her hard until she let go of him and he scrambled away from her.
Both brothers chuckled as their younger brother’s actions as Peter grabbed him by the arms and pressed kisses all over his face. Damian giggled and squealed as Peter attacked him with kisses while Liam watched with a fond smile on his face.
This is an alternative version.
“We love you, you know that?” Tony said.
“Hey bud. How you feeling?” Tony said dropping a kiss on his forehead.
“Mmm.” Tony moaned as he felt Steve’s soft lips on his own. He opened his eyes to stare at Steve’s bright blue ones and kissed back.
The kidnapper pushed a button and Steve was instantly shocked by voltage. He screamed out in pain as he felt the electricity hit his body. The kidnapper laughed as he saw Steve struggle against the shock before turning it to a higher setting. Steve continued to scream and cry in pain.
Peter squinted his eyes and looked at Liam and then said, “right, having a cast on your foot is definitely not a big deal.”
“Thank dad I will. Bye.” Peter said before walking towards the restaurant doors. He entered and was greeted by an employee.
Peter smiled and nodded his head.
“Hey, it’s okay bud. It’s alright.” Steve said, pulling him into a hug and pressing a kiss to his head.
Bruce hummed and nodded before asking Steve to sit up. Tony helped him up and held him while Bruce lifted up his shirt to examine the wounds. He took the burn relief cream and applied it to the cuts and burns that were on Steve’s back while tapping a gauze to each of them. Steve let out little hisses but Tony and Peter comforted him by squeezing his hand and running a hand through his hair. After Bruce finished with bandaging up the wounds and checking the cuts, he handed Tony the prescribed painkillers, medicine and some extra burn relief cream that would help. Tony thanked Bruce and Bruce just hugged him saying that he didn’t need to and that he could call whenever they needed anything.
“You know bud, we’re always going to be here for you whenever you need us right and that we love you right?” Tony said.
“Li, everything okay?” Steve asked worriedly. He could feel Liam trembling in his hold.
“We don’t know exactly how much damage happened. The only thing I saw when I found him was that he was being electrocuted and he has all these cuts on his skin.” Tony said in disgust.
“Hey kiddo. It’s okay bud. Take a deep breath for me buddy. It’s okay. You’re alright. Deep breaths for me bud.” Steve said as he grabbed the glass of water and brought it to his son’s mouth.
“Daddy can be late to work, he owns the company.” Damian mumbled.
——————————————————————————
They all joined the hug and comforted their youngest member until his tears died down into sniffles.
Steve looked towards his son, the worry in his stomach growing even more.
Liam burns his hand while cooking.
Liam nodded his head and laid back down in a comfortable position. The sound of giggling was heard coming downstairs and both heads turned to see that Tony, Peter and Damian were coming down. Tony saw that his son was awake and approached him.
“What? How? What happened?” Tony said, gently grabbing his hand and looking at the bandaging.
“Yeah dude, I’m fine.” Peter said.
“Hey, I’m about to head out. Where are you?” Peter texted him.
Tony let out a laugh, scooping his son up from Liam’s arms into his own as he tickled his cheek. Damian giggled as his dad tickled him and the rest of them burst out in laughter too.
“Oh my baby’s getting old and growing up now.” Steve said wiping off his fake tears.
“No worries Mr. Stark Rogers. We’ll be waiting for your arrival.” Mr. Jones said as he said goodbye and hung up.
“Well don’t you look quite cute now.” Tony said.
He didn’t know when it started but he craved for his parents to touch him in ways that he knew was wrong. He craved for his parents to run their hands all over his body: playing with his nipples, tongues running across his skin and lapping at his pussy. The feeling of his pussy juices gushing into their mouths and how they would drink it up made him moan. He couldn’t take it anymore. He needed his parents to make the ache go away. So he got out of bed and headed to their room.
“Li, kiddo. Are you cold?” Tony frowned, leaning over and pressing the back of his hand to his son’s forehead. He sighed in relief when he felt that Liam didn’t have a temperature.
“How long do you run for pops?” Liam asked.
Yeah they definitely deserved a treat.
“Daddy? Papa?” Peter said.
“Definitely. I think we should let them do the cooking from now on. What do you say Tones.” Steve said with a laugh.
“Yeah pops. All good.” Liam said, trying his best to not let the pain show on his face.
“Kiddo, stop.” Steve said.
“Wuv oo.” Damian said and then squealed when Peter tickled him. He laughed along with his brother and knew that this was definitely going to be a fun day.
“Sorry dad, sorry pops. I won’t do it again. I promise.” Peter said.
“Ready sweetheart?” Tony questioned.
Bucky nodded and looked down at his best friend and the state that he was in. It broke his heart to know just how much pain had been inflicted on one of the people that he loved like a brother. He felt like he had failed as a friend to him. Steve was always there for him since the beginning no matter what the situation was and seeing him in such a fragile state made Bucky want to cry. Steve was there for him but he had failed Steve when Steve needed him the most.
His smile was returned back before he was pulled into a hug and two kisses were pressed to his head. He understood that his parents were disappointed in him and all he had to do was try harder and he would. He would try harder and he would make his parents proud. Little did he know that Tony and Steve were already proud of him and that they would always be, no matter what.
He didn’t pay them any attention until when one them came up to him and demanded the ball that he had again.
“Thanks pops.” Peter said as he hung up the phone and waited for his dads to arrive.
“Hey, Tones come on. Look at me.” Steve said.
Steve quickly got out of bed and put on some clothes and followed Tony out of the room to the garage. They got in the car and started to drive to school.
“Are you sure you’re alright Captain of America?” Thor said
They opened it up carefully, taking off the wrapping paper and gasping when they saw what it was. It was a heart shaped snow globe that had a picture of both of them placed inside and the scenery inside of the globe was so pretty. It was a mix of both the red and blue colors along with glitters that would surround the globe when it was shake. There was also a button that played soft music.
“Oh no. It’s fine guys. Why don’t you enjoy the movie.” Steve said.
“Hey dude, you sure you’re alright? You really don’t look too great.” Ned said with worry on his face.
“Oh my god what a loser.” Carson, the boy who tripped Damian had said.
“Pete, what’s wrong bud? Why are you crying? Did something happen kiddo? Are you hurt?” Tony asked worriedly as he heard Peter’s sob.
Peter hissed at the reddened skin and examined it carefully. He let Liam put his hand back under the cool water while he went to grab the ice. He walked back over to Liam with a ice pack and handed it to him.
Tony and Steve’s face softened. They sat down on each side of him and gently started to comfort their son.
“I don’t fucking know who he is.” Steve said.
Peter jumped at the sound of his name and said, “y-yes Mr. Jones?”
Steve clenched his teeth to stop himself from screaming and tried to move away but he couldn’t. Tears streamed down his eyes as he felt the blade of the scalpel pierce his skin. His captivator kept on pressing the knife or blade, whatever it was into his skin and Steve couldn’t do anything about it.
Peter lifted his head up from where it was on Tony’s shoulder and looked at Steve. Steve’s heart broke when he saw the tears shining in his baby boy’s eyes and making their way down his cheeks.
“No I love you guys more.” Damian said again with a pout.
“You ready Pete?” Liam asked.
Tony laughed before scooping his son up and putting him on his hip. “Alright munchkin. Let’s go. We’ll be right back Steve.”
That got Steve on alert and he jumped up and said, “WHAT?”
Steve just shook his head. “No, no god no Tony please don’t ever say that. You didn’t fail me. You found me and you came for me and I couldn’t be happier. Even though the situation was pretty shitty but you still came.”
“Petey, can I help?” Damian said, looking at his brother.
“You okay sweetheart?” Steve asked.
Liam nodded. “I-I don’t want to be with her anymore.”
Peter got to the board and started to work out the problem. His head was pounding but he tried to take his mind off of that and focused on completing the problem. When he was done, he looked over at his teacher to see if the answer was right.
“Oh, hey Uncle Bruce. It’s just my head and throat that hurt.” Peter said.
Bruce smiled sympathetically. He understood those situations. He’d been bullied when he was a kid as well so he definitely understood what it felt like being treated that way. He continued to poke around and feel before prescribing some medication.
When he entered the school, he went to his usual spot where he always met Ned. He got to his locker and saw that his best friend was already there. He walked up to his friend and greeted him.
“Hey kiddo. Aren’t you suppose to be enjoying your date and not calling your old man in the middle of it?” Tony said playfully.
——————————————————————————
“Alright guys we gotta make breakfast before dad and papa wake up. Go get freshened up and come downstairs when you’re done, alright?” Liam said.
“Dad, dad, no, no. You gotta wake up.” Peter said as he crouched down to where Tony’s body laid on the ground, bruised and battered.
“Me help papa too!” Damian grinned.
Tony and Steve soon followed and from that day on everyone knew to never mess with Steve Rogers or his family because it will never end well for them. He could destroy you just from his verbal threats but will gladly throw punches if necessary.
“Well, well, well. If it isn’t the mighty Captain America I may say. You’re looking a little rough there now,” the kidnapper said before laughing.
“I’ll be fine in a few weeks guys. Don’t worry too much.” Liam said trying to ease their worries.
“Li, you gotta tell us what happened so we can help you bud.” Tony said.
Liam let out another sigh. He had completely ruined this day and now his brother was taking care of him when he shouldn’t have had to worry about anything at all. Peter went to go get the first aid kit and made his way back into the kitchen.
Steve and Tony: any age you want to input
Liam whimpered and nodded his head. Steve gently placed his hand on Liam’s ankle and looked at it.
They continued to bake the treats and once they were done, they headed out to the common area where their son was laying down. They saw that he was still and asleep but they had to wake him up so that he could dinner and take his medicine.
“Hey, it’s okay sweetheart. Take your time.” Steve reassured him as he rubbed Liam’s back.
After everyone had signed his cast, they ate their snacks and made their way up to their rooms. Liam laid on the couch in a comfortable position and before he knew it he was asleep. Tony draped a blanket over him, pressed a kiss to his head and left the room so he could let his son rest.
Peter was in the living room when he heard his brother’s yell in the kitchen. He quickly got up and ran to the kitchen and examined what had happened and made his way over to where Liam was with a worried look on his face.
“He will be buddy, it’s just going to take some time for him to get over the trauma that he dealt with,” Tony said as he pulled Peter in his lap and wrapped an arm around him as they waited for Steve to wake up.
“My pleasure. Would you boys like some lollipops?” Dr. Richards asked.
“Oh er, um well, even I don’t know. I woke up and I just couldn’t go back to sleep.” Liam said.
“Bye boys.” Steve said as he began to clean up the food from the table.
“H’ppy bir’day Petey.” Damian giggled and clapped.
“Love you too and I will.” Tony replied with a kiss as well.
Steve and Tony looked at each other trying to figure out what they should do next. Tony ended up taking the lead and asking Peter a question.
——————————————————————————
“No need for that Tones. We’re always here to help you whenever you need us.” Bruce said.
“Yes!” Peter giggled out.
“Alright bud. We’re coming to get you kiddo.” Tony said as his worry grew even more. What could have happened?
The kidnapper laughed before going up to him and said “see that’s what happens when you don’t listen to me and tell me what I want to know. Now would you like to do this the hard way or the easy way. Where and who is the spider-kid?”
“No worries. It’s my job after all.” Ms. Lee said.
Liam nodded his head and got up, taking his plate, rinsing it off and putting it in the dishwasher. He wiped his hands and made his way back to the living room and waited for his brothers to finish. After everyone else was done with dinner, they cleared the table.
Steve carefully looked at the bruising and Liam ended up hissing out when there was pressure applied to the spot.
“Anytime buddy.” Bruce said returning the smile again.
Liam blinked his eyes opened, letting out a yawn and looking up towards his papa. Steve smiled at his son and combed his hair out of his face.
“Bullies.” Tony said with a huff.
——————————————————————————
“Peter I can ex-,” Ryan started to say before being cut off.
Steve hummed and sat there, putting himself in a position where he could rub Peter’s back while Peter sat there to see if he wasn’t going to throw up anymore. He thought he was done until he felt his stomach convulse and the bile rise to his throat before it hit the toilet. Peter groaned and then whimpered before leaning back against the wall and letting out a shaky breath.
“I’m gonna go call your school to tell them you won’t be coming in for a few weeks.” Tony said.
Steve chuckled. “I appreciate it kiddos but me and dad got the kitchen. Why don’t you go keep your brother company. He’d appreciate you to being there right now.”
“Daddy, I’m not a greblin.” Damian said looking up at Tony with a pout on his lips.
Prompts for this story can range from: family fluff, hurt/comfort, bullying, protective family members, nightmares, etc. All ideas are welcomed.
“P-Pops, can you come pick me up, please?” Peter said.
“Yeah babe?” Tony said as he gently rubbed circles on his hand.
“Did something happen papa?” Peter asked worriedly.
“Yeah babe, it’s me and Peter’s here too and everyone else is taking care of that son of a bitch.” Tony said.
“Kiddo?” Steve said.
“Hey fuck face, give us the ball.” The boy named Richard said.
“That sounds delicious and of course I am. I’m not going to let you do all this work by yourself.” Peter said as he helped his brother gather the rest of the ingredients.
Peter and Damian nodded their heads in understanding and went to go get the markers. They returned back and wrote cute messages on his cast in different colors. They ranged from “get well soon” to “we love you” and even doodles. Liam smiled as he looked at it and pressed a kiss to each of his brother’s heads. He gave his parents a smile and which was returned back with a hair ruffle and they signed it as well.
“Did you have an accident kiddo?” Steve asked carefully.
“Is he actually yours?”
Mr. Jones frowned at his student before saying, “can you do number 16 on the board?”
“Liam, kiddo, let me see.” Steve said.
“Awww is the little baby gonna cry now.” Carson said and the whole cafeteria ended up laughing.
Peter looked down between his legs and moaned at the sight. Both of his parents were between his legs, their mouths ghosting over his mound. They took their hands and spread apart his moist lips, gently running a thumb across his folds.
Tony swallowed before saying, “yeah, yeah I’m, I’m fine.”
“Daaaaaaad.” Peter whined.
Liam looked at both his dad and papa before looking back down at the envelope. He opened it up carefully, pulling out the piece of paper that held it all. He held it in his hand and began to read it, his face dropping when he read the first sentence of the letter. He finished reading the letter, folding it up and putting it back in the envelope. He looked up to see both Steve and Tony giving him worrying looks and he gave them a hesitant smile.
“No problem kiddo. Just be careful and don’t strain yourself too much. The more you rest, the faster it’ll heal. Also make sure to ice it for a couple of hours each day, that should bring down the swelling and taking Tylenol or Advil should help lessen the pain.” Bruce said.
“Hi baby.” Steve said pressing multiple kisses to his cheek.
Tony looked at his son one more before nodding his head. He knew in the back of his head that Peter was hiding something but he chose not to comment on it. Peter got out of the car, waved goodbye to his dad and walked inside the school
“This is delicious.” Tony said.
Everyone tightened their grip on Tony and Steve began to assure him that nobody was going to leave him.
“OH MY GOD! DADDIES!” Peter screamed as his hips bucked hard at the simulation and he squirted again all over the object and even his parents hands. Peter was shaking, his orgasms were getting more and more intense but god he was loving it so much. They played with the vibrator, brushing it all over his pussy as Peter screamed and orgasmed over and over again, his body releasing squirt after squirt of liquid.
“Happy Anniversary.” Peter and Liam said as they hugged their parents as well.
‘Wait, when did Steve get here?’ Tony thought, before shaking his head and scooping his son up in his arms.
Steve and Tony began to clean up and checked the time, seeing that it was almost time for them to wake up their youngest.
“So I got Liam this new drawing graphics tablet, you think he’ll like it?” Tony asked.
“Who started it?” He asked.
Peter chewed on his lip. “Okay papa. Let’s go buddy.” Peter scooped Damian up and put him on his hip, making him squeal in delight, which made Peter laugh and they made their way back to the living room.
“Are you sure you can watch him Li?” Steve asked.
Tony left the room and Liam got out from under the covers, grabbed his clothes and heading towards the bathroom. He quickly brushed his teeth and jumped in the shower.
Peter kept walking further until something hit his foot and he stopped. He looked down to see what he had bumped into and froze.
“Bye papa.” Damian said.
“Something’s bothering Liam.” He murmured.
“Thanks Li. I love you too.” Peter said hugging his brother back.
Now Liam was worried. He quickly made his way down and ran over to the station his dad always worked at. He saw Tony sitting on his seat, back turned away as his shoulders shook. Liam quickly ran over and bent down in front of his dad. He looked closely and saw that his dad was having a panic attack and quickly began to coax him. He took both of Tony’s hand in his own and squeezed them gently, a sign to tell his dad his he was here.
Steve knew something was wrong but he decided that the questioning could wait. Peter heard some clattering going on in the background and then heard his papa’s voice again.
“Daddy, daddy wake up. Wake up. Papa wake up.” Damian said.
“Of course kiddo. Why wouldn’t I believe you?” Tony questioned with a frown on his face.
“We know but it still sucks to see you get hurt.” Peter said.
Tony said another thank you Bruce, gave him a hug, took the liquid ibuprofen, scooped his son up in his arms and headed upstairs.
He turned to the other kid’s parents and just gave them a look. He wasn’t about to waste any time with these people. Tony wrapped his arms around his son and made his way to the car. Damian put his book bag in the back seat and sat down.
“Sure kiddo. Whatcha playing?” Bucky said sitting next to his nephew.
“Liam, Li. Come on kiddo. It’s time for school.” Tony said gently shaking is teenage son.
“What’s wrong?” Steve questioned.
Damian nodded his head slowly, looking at his papa’s eyes as the tears filled up in his own. Everything from the day came rushing back to him and he buried his face into Steve’s chest and started to cry, wincing a bit when pain shot through his nose but not moving from where he was.
“Good morning munchkin.” Tony said.
Damian did his best to defend himself and not cower down.
Damian shrugged, keeping his face hidden into his papa’s chest as he allowed more of the comfort. Everyone agreed to it and Liam ended up picking out Home Alone, knowing that it would cheer his baby brother up.
“You better be punk or else,” Bucky said.
Peter nodded his head and Steve stepped out so he could get him a change of clothes. Peter jumped in the shower and sighed as the warm water hit his skin. He felt his muscles relax and he let out another sigh. He heard the door of the bathroom opening and knew that it was his papa. He stayed there for a couple more minutes before turning off the shower, drying himself off and jumping out. He dressed himself in the fuzzy pajamas that his papa had put and made sure that his hair was dry before walking out. He made his way to his room and saw that Steve was already there, a bowl of soup sitting on his bedside table while his papa had just finished changing the sheets. Steve looked up to see his son walk in and gave him a small smile.
Prompt Summary: Liam hurts his ankle and everyone takes care of him.
It had been 10 minutes since he had gotten here and Ryan still wasn’t here. He decided to wait a couple more minutes before texting Ryan to ask where he was at.
“Sorry kiddo.” Steve said.
Steve woke up as the sun shined through the windows, hitting his face. He let out a yawn and turned to look at his husband, smiling as he saw just how peaceful he looked. He stretched himself out, letting out another yawn, looked at the time and decided that he should definitely get up. He pressed kisses to Tony’s lips and coaxed him awake.
“Pete, time to get up.” Tony said.
“Well I’m glad that we are. No one wants to date a whiny bitch like you anyways. God I don’t know what I was thinking when I said I would date you. You’re just a piece of trash anyway.” Ryan yelled out.
“Hey Bruce.” Tony said.
He made his way down the stairs and said, “hey dad, can you help me with this problem. I’m having trouble solving it.”
“Hey Pete, does anything else hurt?” Bruce asked.
Tony smiled at his youngest, looped his pinky around Damian’s small finger and smiled. He then gave Liam a nod and proceeded to continue what he was doing. Liam went and got Peter and all three of them headed out to kill some time before the party started.
“Uh….Lilly, I’m not….I’m not ready for that…yet.”
“Oooo how about movie night with pizza and ice cream.” Peter said trying to change the mood.
“C-can I go?” Damian said hesitantly.
“So good for us sweetie. You’re so beautiful for us. Cum for us some more sweetheart. Keep going.” They said as Peter’s hole kept gushing.
“Jarvis, turn on the emergency power source.” Tony said.
“Hey, no. There’s nothing to apologize for Tones. Just let it out and then we can talk about it, okay.” Steve said still continuing his motions on his back.
“We’re getting shots?” Peter said hesitantly.
“Yeah kiddo.” They both replied.
“Sleepy time now.” Peter said with a yawn.
Tony’s concern grew even more at Steve’s words. That was definitely worrying. “Let’s go see if we can talk to him.”
Steve sighed. “Yeah but I’m glad that it wasn’t.”
“It was nothing. Just some unwanted touching and stuff. I’m fine.” Tony said as he reassured his husband.
Peter nodded his head, put the marker back down and started walking towards his seat. He was almost there when he suddenly got dizzy and before he knew it the whole room was spinning and he was falling.
Liam murmured in his sleep, clutching the blankets closer and putting them over his head while he mumbled out, “5 more minutes, please dad.”
“Morning daddy.” Damian replied.
“Umm Petey, do you think we can make LiLi cards? They’ll help him feel better right?” Damian said.
—————
Peter and Bucky quickly rushed to help Tony take away all the cords that were on Steve’s body. Tony’s heart broke at the sight of the state his husband was in. He gently cradled Steve’s head close to him and combed his hair, trying to wake him up.
“Thanks J.” Tony said.
“What happened?” Ms. Lee asked as she checked Peter over.
“We made you breakfast in bed.” Peter said.
“Yeah, it’s not hurting that bad anymore.” Liam said.
Tony’s feeling insecure. Luckily he has his family to tell him that he’s forever loved and that they’ll never leave him.
“Yeah, that sounds fun.” Liam said giving his dad a grin.
“Ah so you gremlins are already bothering your brother.” Tony joked.
“I think Steve’s in trouble or something,” he said.
Tony and Steve pulled the vibrator away and ran their hands along the puffy lips of Peter’s pussy. God they were so ready to stuff his hole with their cocks. Peter let himself calm down from the intense orgasm as he waited for his parents to get into their position. Steve and Tony sat with their legs looped around each other’s back. Their cocks brushed up against each other’s and they let out a groan. Steve grabbed the lube and coated both his and Tony’s cock, while Tony fingered Peter with lube to make sure that he open enough to take their cocks.
Tony and Steve looked at each other in confusion before Tony asked, “where are you going kiddo?”
“Dad, why did he do that?” Peter asked looking up at Tony.
Ms. Lee and Mr. Jones both looked up when they heard the door open.
“So who’s the Spider-kid?” he asked.
“Xo.” Ryan replied.
“Hey Li, wanna join?” Peter asked, holding up a coloring book.
“Hey Li.” Peter said before freezing once he saw the state his brother was in.
“I’m glad that you do kiddo.” Tony said.
“We were working on problems and I called everyone up to answer them on the board. Peter came up to the board, worked on the problem and when he was returning back to his seat, he ended up fainting.” Mr. Jones explained.
“Yeah bud, it was. Did any one of them hurt you kiddo?” Steve asked as he brought his hand to Peter’s back and rubbed it gently.
“HE WHAT? What happened?” Tony yelled and asked.
“Yeah, yeah. We love you too.” Peter replied with a cheeky grin.
Liam was nervous. To put it as simple as possible he was nervous. He had been applying to colleges like crazy, wondering if he would finally be accepted into his top one and today was the day he was going to find out. He really wanted to go to Stanford and he knew he had worked really hard to get where he wanted to be at and he really hoped that he had done enough to get there. His brother, Peter had already been accepted into M.I.T and he was really happy for him. He just didn’t want to disappoint his parents or his siblings because he’d be a poor excuse of an older child if he failed them all.
“What do you, what do you mean he’s in trouble dad? What’s wrong?” Peter asked as his voice quivered.
“Such a good boy you are Pete. Our good boy. So perfect for us. Who owns your pussy baby?” Tony purred out.
“Wait dad can we sign Li’s cast first?” Peter asked.
“Shh, no ones leaving you Tones. We’re all here.” Steve said.
“I’m alright Ned. It’s just a runny nose and I’m just a bit tired.” Peter said.
Steve eyed his son carefully. Something was definitely wrong.
Steve nodded his head but couldn’t shake off the feeling that Liam was hiding something. “Why don’t you go get changed and freshen up kiddo? Dinner’s almost ready.”
“Damian, come on buddy. It’s time for school.” Steve said.
Tony felt his heart break even more at the tears shining in Peter’s. He looped his arms around Peter and hugged his son tightly, as him and Steve rubbed his back.
“How was your day with Lilly? Did you guys have fun?”
Damian didn’t though, trying his best to get away from the boy who wouldn’t leave him alone. It didn’t last very long. Richard kept bothering him and when Damian had enough he went towards his coach and told him.
“Right away sir.” Jarvis, the A.I. said before all the lights came back and there was a sigh of relief.
“But wouldn’t you want your child to get into top colleges? I mean dad went to M.I.T and now Peter’s going there as well and maybe Damian will go to some top college as well. What if I’m the only one who doesn’t get in somewhere? What if I fail you? What if I can’t do anything and I end up wasting your money?” Liam said in a hurry.
“Dad? Pops?” Peter said as he tried to clear his glassy.
“Okay alright, just stay down okay. Pete, kiddo can you go get Bruce for me.” Tony said.
“Yeah, Li’s right. You’ve done more for us than our biological parents did. You gave us a home, you gave us food and clothes, you gave us anything that we asked for but mostly importantly you showed us how much you loved and cared for us from all your small gestures. You and papa both showed us how much we mean to you and that you’ll always be here for us, but we also want you to know that we’ll always be here for you too no matter what. We love you and we’ll always love you for who you are.” Peter said.
“Y-you daddies.” Peter said.
“Alright so best thing to do would be to ice it for about 15-20 minutes couple times a day and then I’ll prescribe you some ibuprofen that’s for kids and just take that twice a day. It’s liquid so he won’t have to worry about swallowing. Give it about 2-3 weeks to heal, alright?” Bruce said taking out the medication that he had prescribed and passing it to Tony.
“His school nurse said that he was sick and he passed out in class. Can you check him over?” Tony said.
“Yeah.” Liam whispered.
“O-okay.” Peter said.
—————
“Lay down kiddo. I’ll go get it.” Tony said walking his way into the kitchen where he kept the medicine in the cabinet.
Peter and Damian changed their clothes and started on their homework. Damian was half way into his homework when he had an idea. He got up from his desk and made his way to Peter’s room. He knocked on the door and waited for his brother to answer. Peter opened the door to see his younger brother standing there.
“I uh taught myself.” Damian said with a shy smile.
After a couple of minutes Steve began to open his eyes. He let out a groan before looking around. He looked up and saw his husband’s face and said in a small voice, “Tony?”
“Me!” Peter said bringing out his handmade scrapbook.
“You okay?” Steve said, cupping Tony’s face in his hands.
Jarvis then ended up displaying the location of where Steve’s phone had been activated.
Liam’s eyes lit up at the question. He never really had the chance to go on runs with his papa because by the time he woke up for school, Steve would return back and they would carry on with the day. But now he really had the chance and he wasn’t gonna let it slip.
“Oh to hell with everyone. Did you check your security tapes that have been set up around this school? Did you check to see what the situation actually was or did you just feed off of what other students were saying and contributing to the bullying that they were doing towards my son?” Tony said, growling underneath his breath and wanting to punch the man sitting in front of him.
“Of course buddy. I’m not going to make you go to a school where you’re being bullied and the teachers-“ Tony started to say before he was cut off by a voice.
“That’s what I thought. I’m done wasting my time here and I will be taking my son out of this school as I now understand just how shitty it is. You will receive that email tonight and I’m cutting off all donations that I have made for the school. Good day sir. Come on Damian, let’s go kiddo.” Tony said as he helped his son get up and without wanting to hear another word from the principal he walked towards the door.
“Fuck sweetheart, that was hot. You’re so fucking perfect. God what did we do to deserve you.” Tony moaned as he felt his son’s juices on his cock.
“Bambino?” Tony said as he saw his son’s eyes flutter open.
“Guys Jarvis picked up a location on where Steve could be. Sending coordinates now.” Tony spoke into his com link.
“Do you need anything kiddo?” Steve asked.
Liam nodded and then sighed. Well there goes his daily activity plans. God he hated that this had happened. First he ruined his papa’s run and now he’s stuck on bed rest for 6 weeks and being a bother to his family. Great, just fantastic.
“No not yet. I’ll go that right now.” Mr. Jones said.
“I’m okay guys, just a little sore and tired but I’ll be okay.” Steve said.
“I applied to a lot of them but Stanford was my top choice and the decision’s in this letter.” Liam said.
Peter quickly responded to the text. Although he didn’t know about what was happening, if it concerned his boyfriend’s family then he understood completely.
“Aww okay. Happy Anniversary.” Damian said pulling his parents into a hug.
Steve looked over at his husband and smiled. He knew how much his son enjoyed drawing and how it was always something that made him happy. And the fact that Tony had gotten him something that he could enjoy even when he was just sitting around while he healed made him smile even more.
Damian looked at the doctor, the needle and then back at his parents and let out a whimper.
“Yeah, kiddo. How you feeling?” Tony asked.
“You’re looking nervous there kiddo.” Tony said.
Damian smiled at the way his parents had appreciated and loved their gifts. Tony and Steve pulled their sons into a hug, thanking them once again for the beautiful presents that they had made.
Steve took Liam’s face in his hands. “Did she touch you anywhere else that you didn’t want to be touched?”
Liam bit his lip, taking in the words that were just said. Maybe they were right. But the thoughts still lingered in his mind.
“Steve? Peter?” He called out. He reached his room and opened the room to see his husband rocking their son in his arms. He walked in quietly and quickly.
“Wait, where’s your presents for each other?” Damian asked cocking his head to the side.
“Okay, okay I’m coming.” Tony handed the controller to Damian, which earned him a squeal of delight that made Tony smile and he made his way to the kitchen.
Peter came back with the board and set it down, opening up the box and spreading it across the room.
He got outside and looked around to see that everything was done and that everyone was waiting for them. He gave them a huge smile and nodded.
“I’m fine pops. We’re almost done anyway. Please.” Liam said giving Steve his puppy eyes.
“My back’s burning a bit, I’ve got a bit of a headache and I just feel sore all over.” Steve replied.
His parents sighed before Tony grabbed Peter’s chin and made him look up and said, “next time bud, if you feel sick, even if it’s just a little bit, please tell us. You scared us when your teacher called saying that you passed out.”
Peter looked at his dad and nodded his head and said, “yeah, I’m okay dad.”
“Morning kiddo.” Tony said, ruffling his hair.
“Aww babe, can you give me a second. I’m almost done here.”
Peter had been waiting for an hour now and Ryan hadn’t shown up. He rubbed at his eyes to stop the tears from coming as he took out his phone and dialed Ryan’s number to see if he would pick up. He tried a couple times and when Ryan didn’t answer he let himself shed a few tears. Numerous thoughts ran through his mind as to what could have happened or if he had done anything wrong to make Ryan upset but he couldn’t think of anything.
“I’m sure he’s gonna love it babe. It’ll give him something to do while he heals up. He’s gonna be on bed rest for a while so he’ll definitely enjoy this.” Steve said giving Tony a kiss on his cheek.
“Papa.” Damian said giggling.
Tony pulled out the tablets, grabbed a glass and filled it up with water, then made his way back to where his family was. He handed Liam the tablets and glass of water and Liam gulped it down, hoping that they would soothe the rest of his pain.
Peter head snapped up at the sound of his dad’s voice and he blinked his eyes to get rid of the tears clouding his vision. He shakily reached out a hand and put it on Tony’s cheek. Tony took his own hand and put it over Peter’s, rubbing soothing circles with his thumb to tell him that he was there and that he was okay.
Liam nodded and let the doctor check him and sat patiently until it was over.
“You don’t have to worry about that kiddo. Just keep him distracted and we’ll be right out as soon as we finish tidying up.” Steve added.
“Dad, stop. No teasing.” Peter said as he continued his motions.
“P-papa.” Peter croaked out and coughed.
So here they were now, sitting on the park bench as they watched their son play in the small sandbox that was built within the playground. They both chuckled as they watched Peter dump the sand on himself and then giggle with delight, trying to bury himself in a pile of sand while failing miserably.
“Mr. Stark Rogers, Mr. Greens, I’ve called you in here today because your children ended up getting in a fight. And according to the students that were present in the room, they say that Damian started the fight.” The principal said.
“It’s not that big of a deal Liam. I’m just trying to make you feel good.” She grinned and pulled him back down, putting all of her weight on him so that he wouldn’t escape.
“Ms. Lee was right. He definitely has a fever.” Steve said.
Peter suddenly got an idea in mind and he ran out the room to his.
—————
———————————————————
“Sir, I guarantee you that we have strict policies against bullying and-“ the principal started before being cut off.
They quickly ate their breakfast, grabbed their bags and headed out the door.
Chuckling, Tony nodded his head, “yeah we’ll get you guys ice cream. You all did good today.”
“Richard and Damian got into a fight sir.” One of the students replied.
“We know, we know, but we’re still going to spoil you nonetheless. You deserve it.” Steve said handing him the box.
“What’s going on here?” Coach Dustin asked.
“Yeah buddy. You think you’re done?” Steve asked gently.
“Oh you’re on old man.” Liam said giving Steve a smirk.
Damian’s eyes filled with tears and he rapidly shook his head fast. He didn’t want it. He didn’t want the needle anywhere near him. Steve turned to the doctor and gave him a apologetic smile and started to apologize but was cut off by the doctor saying that it was okay and that he understood. He had many patients, both older and younger, who were also afraid and he didn’t mind if he had to wait while they calmed them down.
He waited for a reply to come but it never did. He sat there in silence, stirring his drink absentmindedly as he waited another 10 minutes for Ryan to arrive. He tried calling Ryan to see if he would pick up but it kept going to voice message.
“Oh.” Peter said.
“Everything’s good Liam.” Dr. Richards said giving him another smile.
“You guys didn’t have to get us presents.” Steve said.
“So I see that we’re here just for a normal checkup routine?” Dr. Richards asked.
“Hey, shh. You’re okay bud. What’s wrong? You gotta tell me?” Steve said gently.
Both Steve and Tony then got up and went to go change and freshen up. They came back and sat down on the couch, taking a couple of slices of the left over pizza and snuggling with their kids as they watched the movie. Liam snuggled into Tony’s side as he felt the pain relievers start to make him droopy. Peter cuddled against Tony’s other side while Damian cuddled up against Steve’s chest. They all watched the movie and Liam sighed in relief when he felt the pain lessen in his hand. He knew it would be awhile before his skin grew back but atleast from now on he would make sure he’d be more careful when he was in the kitchen.
“You didn’t know about the situation or did you refuse to get both sides of the situation?” Tony said still glaring daggers at the man.
“Hey, it’s alright buddy. You’re okay. We got you bud. You’re alright.” Steve said as he gently rocked his son back and forth in his arms and rubbed his back.
“But it’s a needle and it’s pointy and it’s gonna, it’s gonna-,” Peter said before he was cut off by Steve’s gentle voice.
“Alright. You’re all set and done.” Dr. Richards.
“Liam just got a letter from the college that he applied to and we’re waiting to see if he’s gotten accepted.” Steve said.
Peter murmured in his sleep and turned away from Liam which caused his brother to roll his eyes at his actions.
“Did you take any medication?” Tony asked.
“Hey can you clean up? I’m gonna go wake Damian up.” Steve said.
Tony knew that there was something wrong the minute he realized that Steve hadn’t arrived at the tower almost 2 hours later. He was suppose to be there by 4pm but it was now 6 and Tony was starting to get worried. He waited for another hour, calling Steve multiple times, leaving him text messages and even asking Jarvis if he could connect with his com-link. When Steve failed to respond to all of them, he called the team up for a meeting.
“I um. I didn’t get accepted.” He said biting his lip.
“Oh for the love of god, that’s the 5th time in a row. What the heck?” Liam yelled dramatically. Peter laughed.
Steve flinched but didn’t move and Tony whispered softly to him. Bucky shot Tony an apologized look and Tony shook his head saying that he understood.
“I’m bored baby. How about we do something a bit more fun?” She smirked at him while continuing her grinding and kissing his lips.
“I hate you guys.” Liam said giving them a dry look.
“Okay.” Damian said nodding his head and giving his brother a big smile.
Steve chuckled. “It’s alright buddy. Just keep your voice down.”
Steve smiled giving Tony a kiss back before making his way up the stairs and heading towards Damian’s room. He opened the room and stepped inside, making his way towards the bed and sat down on it. He gently pulled the covers back and started to rub his son’s back while gently coaxing him to wake up.
“Love you too kiddo.” Steve replied.
“His temperature isn’t too bad so I’ll give him some mild fever reducers. They are little stronger and hopefully they will help. You can also use a cold cloth and just put it over his forehead to lessen the fever even more. This syrup should help with his sore throat. Give it to him 3 times a day and these pills should help with the headache. And just make sure that he drinks plenty of liquids so he doesn’t get dehydrated.” Bruce said while handing over the medicine to Tony.
“Yes what is it Damian?” Coach Wilson said.
It’s Steve and Tony’s wedding anniversary and they celebrate the morning with their children.
“Morning kiddo.” Steve and Tony said as they saw their son walk in.
“Spy Kids?” Damian asked unsure of the choice.
“Thanks Jarvis. Really appreciate it.” Steve said.
Steve blinked his eyes opened, trying to take in his surroundings. He tried to speak but he couldn’t because there was a gag in his mouth. He tried to move but found that he had been restrained to a table. He tried to calm himself down but could feel the panic growing in his chest. Suddenly he heard a voice and he froze, feeling the fear crawl up his throat but he swallowed it down.
They shook their heads once again, giving him a gentle smile.
Bruce nodded his head before entering their room. Steve snapped his eyes up when he heard the door open.
Peter quickly undressed himself, climbed onto the bed and spread his legs out for his parents. Steve and Tony moaned when they saw just how wet Peter was, his hole and thighs glistening with his juices. They both undressed themselves before getting on the bed and coming face to face with Peter’s deliciously wet hole.
Tony snickered as he continued to tease his best friend. They went back and forth teasing each other and laughing at their ridiculous talks.
“Hey, it’s alright. It’s only gonna be a pinch and then it’ll be all over.” Steve said.
-1 week later in the middle of the night-
“What are you guys doing?” Bucky asked.
“Yes, just make sure to sign him out at the front desk.” Ms. Lee said.
“Alright, but if something happens, just call me or pops.” Tony said.
Liam had been in a relationship with his girlfriend, Lilly for 5 months and everything was going great. They had went on cute little dates, spent their time doing activities that they loved and showered each other with treats. She lived alone in her own apartment while Liam lived with his dads and brothers. Some days they would spend their time at hers, some days at his and other days they would go out and have fun. Right now they were both snuggled up on the couch, dinner out of the way and watching a movie because they didn’t know what else to do. Lilly snuggled up closer to Liam and he rubbed her arm, bringing her as close as he could. They watched the movie but as they came to the ending Lilly became bored. She climbed over Liam and sat down on his lap and began to grind against him.
“T-Tony?” Steve said.
“Me and papa are going to make you feel good okay sweetheart.” Tony said.
Seeing that he wasn’t going to win this fight, he stuck his tongue out at his brothers and cuddled deeper into his dad’s chest, wincing a bit when he put pressure on his broken nose while his brothers laughed at his actions.
—————
“Na. Nope. Sit back down Tones. We got this.” Sam said as he grabbed Steve by the elbow and made his way to the kitchen along with Bucky.
Steve startled awake at the sound of his son’s scream and quickly sat up. He turned on the side lamp and quickly faced his son and gathered him in his arms.
Tony looked at Liam and asked if that was okay and he nodded in approval.
“Wake up, please. I need you daddy. I need you and I love you. Please don’t go. Don’t go.” Peter sobbed.
“Dad. Pops.” Peter said.
“You sure?” Ned asked.
“Yeah bud?” Tony said as he grabbed an ice pack, wrapped it in a towel and pressed it against his son’s nose.
It was around 2am when Steve started to breathe heavily. His body began to shake before he started to yell.
“Alright kiddos have a snack and then go up to your rooms, change and let your brother rest for a bit.” Tony said.
“Oh no. Oh no no no. We are not going to start this again. It’s gonna go on for ages.” Liam said dramatically.
Damian and Richard made there way to the principal’s office along with their coach. They entered the room and were greeted by him.
“Come on let’s get up.” Steve said rolling out of Tony’s arms before he was pulled back.
“If you aren’t going to say anything then I guess I’ll just make you. I want answers Captain and I will get them no matter what,” he said just as he brought his hand down and started to cut at Steve’s skin.
“LiLi, I’m hungry.” Damian said walking in not knowing about the situation.
“DAD NO! DON’T GO!” Peter screamed awake and sat on the bed.
“Drive safe, bye.” Tony said.
“Dad, where are we going? Isn’t home that way?” Peter asked.
“It’s dinner time kiddo. Gotta wake up.” Steve said.
“Li, bud wake up.” Steve said, gently shaking his shoulder.
Steve gave his son a smile which he returned back before continuing to talk to Peter about some random things. A couple of minutes later Steve, with Tony’s help, brought the dishes over to the table setting them down.
“Here Li.” Peter said handing him the ice pack.
Peter giggled and said, “and I’ll protect the both of you.”
“Relax bud. Everything’s gonna go great.” Tony said giving Peter a smile to help ease his nerves.
“I’m gonna call Bruce so that he can check on Peter when we get there.” Tony said.
Liam lifted the blanket a bit and his parents climbed in, looping their arms around him and Liam broke down again. He clutched at Tony’s shirt, burying himself into his dad’s chest. Steve moved closer and both of them held their son tightly, whispering soothing words. Both parents exchanged worrying looks. Once Liam calmed down, he stayed where he was and they gave him a moment.
Liam was taken by surprise at the action and paused the movie. “Uh…umm Lils, what are…what are you doing?”
“Eggs, bacon, toast and there is juice and milk. Whichever one you prefer.” Steve said
“Pete, kiddo. Can you hear me?” Tony said worriedly.
“How about we grab some ice cream and watch a movie?” Steve suggested.
Steve and Tony nodded at the explanation, understanding what had happened and that it was just an accident.
“It does buddy, it does. You start realizing that they weren’t worth it and that in the future, you’ll find someone who loves you for who you are and will always be there for you. But you still have a while before you get there so don’t rush it.” Tony said.
“Good idea babe.” Steve replied.
So here he was now, his dad driving him to the restaurant and he couldn’t wait for the magical night. But he was also nervous and he didn’t know why.
“Yes Captain. Scanning now.” Jarvis said.
Peter sighed and cuddled up against his dads. He let the warmth and silence engulf him as he felt his parents hands carding through his hair and running up and down his arms. Peter fell asleep in between his parents and they followed soon after.
“The only thing that I can tell is that he has a fever. We will have to wait for him to wake up for him to tell us what else hurts.” Ms. Lee said.
Tony lifted Peter onto his lap while Steve held Damian in his own as they tried their best to divert their minds. They gave Dr. Richards the okay and he started with Peter first. He took his arm in his hand and swabbed the area with antiseptic. Peter shuddered at the cool feeling but kept his eyes on his dad and let his voice calm him. He felt the needle go in and he let out a small whimper which made Tony tightened his grip on his son and rub his back.
“YOU MOTHERFUCKER.” Tony yelled.
“What do you mean?”
“Can I….can I get a h-hug first?” He whimpered.
Tony and Peter were startled by the screaming and quickly sat up and started to console Steve.
Nobody messed with their boys. Nobody.
“Peter, stop.” Liam said, playfully hitting his brother.
At that moment Tony walked in with a cup of coffee in his hand. He saw both his husband and son on the couch and made his way over to them.
“OH FUCK DADDIES! I’M GONNA, I’M GONNA CUM! AH AH AH!” Peter screamed as his hole convulsed at the sensation. It didn’t take long for Peter to cum as Steve drove his fingers deep into his pussy, brushing up against his gspot while Tony lapped at his mound.
Liam froze and clenched his fists. He took a deep breath to calm himself down and looked back up at his pops with a tight smile.
“Hello sir, my name is Lia. May I help you?” The waitress asked.
“How about we watch a movie?” Rhodey suggested.
“How you feeling now bud?” Steve asked.
Peter and Damian shrunk into their parents side as they eyed the doctor as he made his way back, stopping at the sink and washing his hands before putting the needles on the table and taking out the bandages. He put his gloves on and turned to them.
Damian - 5
Days later, Peter was feeling better and everyone was happy that he was his happy and goofy self again.
Steve nodded, following Tony out the kitchen. He was glad that dinner was done.
“I beg to differ.” Steve said walking out of the kitchen and coming towards them, placing a tray of snacks on the table in front.
After the lessons ended for the day, Damian made his way to P.E. class. The one class he hated and dreaded the most each day because that’s when everyone had the chance to hurt him more than ever. And the fact that no one ever took him seriously and always told him that he was being a whiny baby just made feel like he wasn’t wanted.
Tony frowned even harder, sat his cup down on the table and helped his husband carry Liam down to the lab. Once they got there, Tony saw Bruce hooking up the x-ray machine and made his way over.
“Thanks dad, thanks pops. I love you guys too.” Liam said giving them a small smile.
“Whatever Stark.” Bucky said, rolling his eyes and giving him a smile. Tony shook his head and smiled back at Bucky.
“Yes! I won again.” Peter shouted.
He rubbed his son’s back as he murmured comforting words to help soothe him. He pulled back, took his son’s hands in his own and started to talk.
“You have no fucking idea what I’m capable of.” Bucky growled.
Liam smiled back and got off the seat, making his way to where his parents were and sitting down next to them.
“Thanks dad. Thanks pops. I love you guys too.” Peter said hugging them.
Steve smiled gently at his son before pulling into a hug and saying “thanks kiddo, I’m sure he will.”
“B-because I-I’m broken and I-“, Steve started to say before he was cut off by Tony.
“What’s up kiddo? Aren’t you suppose to be asleep?” Tony asked.
“Why don’t you guys sit and I’ll help Steve.” Tony said, starting to lift his son.
“I don’t think so kiddo but we’re going to go talk to him. Dinner’s done so you can start eating if you want and we’ll be right back.” Steve ruffled both of their hair and they made their way up the stairs to Liam’s room.
Tony chuckled a bit at their behavior and sat back down on the sofa. Gosh his husband was so stubborn at times. Peter cuddled up on Tony’s left side under his arm while Damian and Liam cuddled up on Tony’s right side. They quietly watched the movie until the food was done and saw it being brought out. Steve, Bucky and Sam placed the trays on the table, handing out the bowls and spoons to everyone. They quietly enjoyed the movie, laughing at some parts while also being intrigued.
“Looks like you’re gonna outgrow your parents soon.” Dr. Richards said smiling.
“Peeeeeeter.” Tony said back.
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
The captivator was so intrigued in watching the torture he was impending on Steve that he didn’t hear a voice from behind.
“Bye Steve.” Tony said giving him a kiss.
Peter was almost ready for his date that night. Him and Ryan had decided that they would meet up at the restaurant as they usually did for most of their dates. It was their thing basically. Going out to eat once a week and then going to the movies on the weekends. Everything was perfect in their relationship. They both made each other feel content and they deeply loved each other.
“Hey, go grab the presents guys.” Liam whispered to his brothers.
“Bye Stevie, I’ll see you soon.” The kidnapper chuckled as he was taken away.
Liam grumbled but laughed as his uncle ruffled his hair.
Tony chuckled and hugged his son back and said, “yeah bud. But I’ll be back before you know it.”
“That’s good. Did the medicine help with your pain?” Tony asked sitting next to him.
“That’s okay. I’ll go get it for you. The best thing would be Advil for your age.” Tony said getting up.
“I’m alright kiddo.” Steve said as he ruffled Peter’s hair.
Peter took one of his papa’s hand in his own and with tears in his eyes and his rough voice said “papa, please, can you open your eyes, please?”
Tony made his way towards his son, crouching down in front of him, cupping his face in his hands, pulling it up so that he could see his face, taking his hand and pulling it away from his nose and clenching his teeth when he saw the damage. He hissed when he felt his son flinch as he gently touched the nose. Definitely broken.
“Alright I’m gonna stop you right there. You aren’t broken Steve. You’re so strong babe, you really are. No one thinks that you’re broken at all. You fought through this Steve. Your a hero and you stayed so strong through all of this. I heard who they wanted because I saw the recordings that they left and I heard how you defended Peter and made sure that they didn’t get to him. You took the torture that was meant for him if they had gotten their hands on him. Steve you protected our son and that makes you a hero in my eyes as well as his. You didn’t deserve it babe. We all know that what he did to you, you did not deserve but it’s because of you that he’s here today with us. It’s all because you were a hero and you put everyone else first before yourself. We love you Steve. No matter how broken or battered you are, we’ll always love you no matter what and we’ll always be here for you whenever you need us.” Tony said.
“Bruce?” Tony said.
Peter nodded his head and went to the board. He grabbed his desk to steady himself as he took the paper and headed towards the board. Mr. Jones eyed his pupil carefully and his frowned deepened a bit when he saw just how distracted Peter was being.
“Wow kiddo. This is so beautiful. Thanks bud. Where’d you find the pictures?” Tony asked.
Steve woke up early like any other day and got out of bed. He looked over at his husband and saw that he was still asleep and smiled. He planted a kiss to Tony’s head before getting changed into comfortable clothing so he could go on his run. Steve made his way downstairs and entered the kitchen and was surprised to see his oldest son already sitting at the breakfast table looking at the bowl in front of him. He looked at the time and saw that he still had two more hours before school started. He made his way over and gently put a hand on his shoulder which caused Liam to jump.
“And you’re not disappointed or upset?” Liam asked as well.
And they all followed him out.
“Not really. I’m not hungry. Uh daddy?” Damian said.
Steve let a few tears fall from his eyes as he listened to his husband. He quickly wiped them off and Tony pulled him into a hug all while whispering reassurances to him.
Peter glared at his dad and mumbled out a good morning as he got out of bed and picked up his clothes. Tony chuckled, ruffled his son’s hair and left the room while Peter headed to the bathroom to get ready. Tony checked his watch and was relieved to find that he still had time before his youngest woke up.
“DON’T YOU FUCKING TOUCH HIM.” Tony roared out.
Once Tony was done with his breakfast he grabbed his briefcase and made sure he had everything for the meeting. He then pecked Steve on the lips, looped an arm around Peter and they both said goodbye to Steve and headed out to the car. They got in the car and Tony started driving to school. Peter decided to take a quick nap along the way.
“You wanna help me with a surprise for dad and papa?” Liam asked.
“Oh really? What college did you apply to kiddo?” Tony asked
“Hey come here bub.” Liam said, stretching his other arm out to his brother so he could take it while Peter wrapped his burned one.
Tony and Damian made their way over to where Bruce was and saw that he was deeply concentrating on a project. Bruce looked up when he heard footsteps approaching his direction and gave his friend a smile.
“No I don’t you fucking pyscho.” Steve said.
The class nodded and he let them do their work. When the an hour was over, he asked everyone if they needed extra time. When he got no’s from the class, he started to call everyone up to complete a problem on the board.
“Better?” Steve asked.
“You wanna come on a run with me before you have to head to school?” Steve asked.
“Good, we’ll give you your last dose after dinner.” Tony said.
Steve made a sound in agreement and nodded. He hugged his son tighter, rubbing his back and whispering soothing words all while Peter cried for Tony.
“No, uppie!” Damian said as he made grabby hands to his brother.
“Daddy, are we still getting ice cream?” Damian asked.
He ate lunch quietly, not interacting with anyone around him. When the bell rung, a sign that lunch was over, he collected his tray and made his way to the trash can. He was almost there when someone put there foot in front of him and he tripped, sending him falling to the ground and the tray flying in front of him.
“Yay!” Damian giggled and his family chuckled at his actions.
Tony put his mug down and wrapped an arm around Liam and his son leaned in and whispered in his ear. Tony’s hold on him tightened as Liam spoke the words.
“Li, you don’t have to apologize for this. Accidents happen and that’s okay. We can always order take out. It’s nothing to worry about. You didn’t ruin anything.” Peter said as he applied the cream to Liam’s hand.
Once they were done making sure that he was wet and open enough, they took their cock in their hands and aligned them together. Then they eased Peter down until their cocks entered his hole.
The man chuckled and said, “let’s see how long it takes for you to find me Stark. While you do that, I’ll have a little fun with your husband.”
He finished combing his hair just as his phone dinged with a message.
Liam opened it up and his eyes widened. Inside was a brand new phone that he wanted to get but always thought against it.
Peter whined at the sound of his dad’s voice. “Dad? Dad? Are you okay? Where are you? You’re hurt. I’m gonna come save you.” Peter said as he frantically got up.
Once they entered, Jarvis took over the aircraft and started to fly them home.
“No way kiddo, this is fantastic. This is pure talent buddy.” Tony said.
“Jesus Pete, I hope you’re okay.” Ned said as he sat down next to his best friend and held his hand.
Which characters you would like to include. (Note that you don’t need to use all of the characters that are listed if you don’t want to and that you can add other MCU characters IF you want. Again I have only listed those 5 because they are the ones I, personally, want to focus on but I will take other MCU characters.)
It was a rainy night this evening, dark clouds littered the sky as the water droplets hit the concrete and grass. Lightning flashed and thunder boomed loudly. The team had finished training, taken a shower and were now heading towards the common area. Entering the room, they saw Liam, Peter and Damian sitting on the floor, playing a board game and yelling.
“We’re playing monopoly uncle Bucky. Who else wants to play?” Peter asked.
“Daddy!” Damian squealed looking up at Tony with a smile on his face.
“Everything’s okay papa. Can you just come get me, please?” Peter said.
“Pete?” Steve said.
“There we go. Now just one more on the other arm.” Dr. Richards said.
Steve chuckled before nodding his head and waiting on the park bench for Tony and Peter to return.
He looked up to see both of his younger brothers making there way towards him and he smiled.
“No but like honestly. Are you sick? Why didn’t you stay home?” Ned said.
“Is he okay?” Peter asked worriedly.
“Hey kiddo. This came in the mail for you.” Steve said passing the envelope to his son and giving him a gentle smile, knowing exactly what was in there.
“NO, STOP PLEASE. YOU’RE HURTING ME. PLEASE STOP, PLEASE.” Steve yelled and whimpered out.
“LiLi!” Damian squealed.
“Hey, yeah it’s fine. No worries I understand. Hope everything is okay. Take care and I’ll see you soon.” Peter replied back.
“Err, well. I was cooking noodles since we had gotten hungry and my side ended up hitting the handle of the pot. So I was trying to save it from falling but it ended up slipping anyway and it poured over my hand.” Liam explained to his parents.
“When did you get a child?”
“Strict bullying policies? My son told me that his coach said that he should and I quote, “man up and take the hit.” Is that how you’ve trained your teachers to handle these situations? Telling your students to just “man up” and “take hits” instead of handling the situation properly.” Tony said as he tried to keep himself calm.
“Well everything looks good. Are you having any pain anywhere?” He asked as he checked his joints.
“Yeah, my nose just hurts.” Damian said as he hissed a bit.
“STOP, STOP PLEASE STOP. IT HURTS. PLEASE.” Steve screamed out.
“Steve there is no way in hell we’re going to let you cook dinner alone.” Bucky said putting his hands on his hips.
Liam took a deep breath, trying to calm himself. “We were….we were just having a date night. We had dinner and were watching a movie when she just climbed over onto…onto my lap and started….g-grinding against m-me. And I…I told h-her to stop but she w-wouldn’t so I-I tried pushing her o-off of me but she g-grabbed my c-..down….down t-there. I didn’t…I didn’t w-want it but s-she wouldn’t s-stop.”
“Hey, Jarvis informed me about the situation, I’m all set so I can check Liam now. I know Jarvis already scanned him, but I’m just gonna scan him again so I can see where exactly the fracture is located.” Bruce said.
Liam laid there in Tony’s hold until he fell asleep and soon Steve thought it was best that they all headed to bed. They cleaned up the living area, putting away their games and the cups. He scooped Peter and Damian in his arms, earning him shouts of glees and giggles and he chuckled. They made their way upstairs and Tony headed to his son’s room, tucking him into bed. Steve made Peter and Damian brush their teeth and change into their pajamas before tucking them into bed, kissing their forehead and telling them goodnight. He then made his way to Liam’s room and gave him a kiss on his forehead while Tony went to tell his other two boys goodnight.
“Hey Steve, have you seen my-,” Tony started before stopping and examining the situation.
“Love you too daddy and papa.” Peter said before his eyes became droopy and he fell asleep.
“I’m gonna go start on dinner. Any preferences?” Steve said.
Steve growled under his breath before saying, “what the hell do you want?”
“But what happened?” Peter questioned.
“It’s been a while uncle Bruce.” Liam said.
Peter stood in front of the mirror as he adjusted his tie and fixed his hair. He was going on a date with his boyfriend and he was glad that they had finally gotten some time together for themselves.
“Where is he J?” Tony asked.
“That’s a surprise buddy, so you won’t know about them.” Tony said.
“No worries Tony. I’m always here for you.” Bruce said returning the smile.
“Got it Tony,” everyone else replied and they headed towards the location.
“Does uh, does it get better? When someone hurts you.” Peter asked staring down at his ice cream.
“Do you think something happened with his date?” Tony said.
After Tony helped Peter use the restroom, he cleaned him, washed their hands and held Peter’s hand as they walked out. He was almost back to where Steve was waiting for them when suddenly he was surrounded by the flashes of cameras and questions being thrown his direction.
“That’s right sweetheart. Me and papa are the only ones, so don’t let anyone else touch you okay baby.” Tony said.
“Well don’t you look handsome.” Steve said.
“You boys have a doctors appointment today so we’re headed there Pete.” Tony said.
“Garlic bread.” Bruce added.
Steve blinked open his eyes and let out a yawn, adjusting his vision to the brightness of the room. Tony soon followed, waking up and letting out a yawn and he looked around to see what was going on.
Peter mumbled in his sleep and rolled over to the other side of the bed while clutching the blankets. Tony chuckled at his actions. There was always a challenge in trying wake up his kids for school.
Peter and Damian made their way to their study room and began to look for papers and markers. When they finally got everything that they were looking for, they sat down and started to make them.
Steve laughed and shook his head, “as acceptable as that is, you can’t be late for school.”
Liam went over to turn off the coffee and let it sit on the hot plate. He turned back to what he was cooking as they both worked together on cooking the dishes. Once they were done, they grabbed the tray that they were going to set the food on. Liam took two plates and placed them on the tray while Peter poured out 2 cups of coffee and set them on the tray as well making sure that they wouldn’t fall. Liam grabbed the tray and then told his brothers to follow him and they made their way to their parents room.
“Alright buddy. We’re on our way.” Steve said.
“Hey, hey no. None of that. This isn’t your fault at all. None of it is. You have nothing to be sorry for, alright.” Tony said as he gently rubbed at Steve’s cheek.
Liam stared at the envelope with wide eyes. The stamp on front telling him exactly where it was from. This was it. Oh god, this was it. Liam sucked in a breath as he took the envelope from his papa’s hand and held it in his. He stared down at the piece of paper and let out a shaky breath. His thoughts were interrupted again when he heard his dad walk in, catching their attention.
“Dad, pops, no stop. You’re both horrible.” Peter said.
“I just tripped over a rock. I’m fine.” Liam said trying not to worry his papa.
“Thanks pops, I’m glad you like it.” Liam said giving his parents a smile.
Steve went to go fetch the thermometer and came back with it. Peter opened his mouth and Steve put it under his tongue and waited for it to beep. Once it did, he took it out and looked at it.
“It’s hot and my throat burns.” Peter whispered.
“But-,” Liam started to say but was cut off.
“We also got you something.” Tony said.
“Don’t you fucking touch my kid or my husband.” Steve hissed out.
“Shh, it’s alright bud. I’m okay, you’re okay, we’re all okay. I’m right here kiddo. It’s alright.” Tony spoke to his son softly.
“Tony.” He called out, deciding it was best to let him know.
“That was scary papa.” Peter said as he rubbed his eyes to get rid of the wetness.
“Steve, Steve, wake up, wake up.” Tony said as he shook him.
Peter nodded his head and laid back against Tony’s chest and sighed. Tony got them in a comfortable position and continued to rub his hand up and down Peter’s back. Soon Peter’s eyes became droopy. He heard his parents telling him “love you” and he snuggled deeper into his dad’s hold and let out a sigh. He was loved and maybe he didn’t need anyone else besides his parents love after all.
Liam’s eyes widened at what his dad just gave him. He opened it up and smiled. He was totally going to have fun with this later.
“He passed out? Is he awake now? And yeah of course.” Bruce said with worry in his tone.
I hope you like it.
He ruffled their hair, made his way downstairs and started to brew the coffee knowing that it was the first thing his parents always wanted in the early mornings. While he let the coffee brew, he took out the potatoes and shredded them. Once he was done with that, he made them into rectangular shapes and set them to the side. He took out sausages and brought them over to the counter as he heard footsteps coming down the stairs.
“Your welcome guys. Just take care okay.” Bruce said.
“I’m gonna ask again and for the last time Captain. Who and where is that spider kid at?” he said.
Peter looked up at his dad and pouted. He hated it when one of his parents went away for long periods of time. Whether it was for Avengers business or his dad’s company business, he always had a fear in the back of his mind that something would go wrong and he would lose one of them. Of course, Peter being Peter, hadn’t talked to his dad or pops about this because he didn’t want to worry them but the thought was always there whenever something like this would happen. He had lost enough people in his life and he didn’t want to lose his dad or his papa. He wouldn’t know what to do if he lost one or both of them.
“I wish I was Pete but that’s exactly what happened. Damian told me himself.” Tony said.
He sat down through the lessons, focusing on what his teachers where saying. His thoughts were running wild and he was trying to think what he could have done for them to treat him like this but nothing came into his mind. Damian knew that he never bothered anyone, that he never even talked to anyone because everyone either hated him or ignored him. He never understood what the reason was but he didn’t care. He didn’t want to be friends with these lowlifes anyway.
“Hello Dr. Richards.” Tony said shaking hands with the doctor.
Peter nodded his head and Tony carried him up to their room. Steve went and grabbed 3 bowls of ice cream and then went up the stairs to find his husband and son in bed while Peter was buried into Tony’s side, a random movie playing. Steve handed both of them a bowl and gave them a smile. He grabbed his own and sat down on the other side Peter as they enjoyed their ice cream.
“Alright class, complete the problems on the worksheet and then I’ll call each of you up to complete the problem on the board and explain what you did to get your answer. If you get the answer wrong, don’t worry at all as I will explain the right way to get it. Understood?” Mr. Jones said.
When they arrived to the school, they quickly jumped out and ran inside. The secretary greeted them and then escorted them to the nurse’s office. When they entered, they saw the teacher waiting and the nurse coming outside.
Suddenly Steve remembered where he was and his eyes began to tear up and he let them fall.
Everyone stared at the two and watched them bicker until the coach come over as he witnessed everyone had stopped playing.
“No worries kiddo. Just feel better soon.” Bruce said.
“Uh yeah, but what’s going on Li?” Peter asked.
Damian nodded his head and leaned against the window, looking out at the scenery that was passing him. They got home 15 minutes later and Tony led Damian towards the lab.
Peter nodded his head and Steve let Tony hold Peter. Steve looped his arm around Tony, keeping him close as he possibly could before they started to walk home.
“What happened?” Steve said gently taking Damian’s face in his hand.
When they entered, they quickly laid Peter down on the bed before talking to the nurse.
“But doesn’t this just prove I’m not as smart as Peter. And maybe you’re wasting your time on me.” Liam said in a whisper.
“Okay that’s okay, but if you need anything don’t hesitate to tell me, tell us alright.” Tony spoke with a gentle voice.
Damian ignored him and continued to play with the ball. Richard angrily walked towards him and tried to take it away from him but he didn’t bulge.
“Yeah, but we love you more.” Peter said with a grin.
“Come on Pete. It’s dad and papa’s anniversary and we gotta make breakfast.” Liam said.
“Are you taking in prescription meds or vitamins?” He asked.
Rhodey rolled his eyes, “oh shut up you over dramatic drama queen.”
Steve and Tony shook their heads.
Tony and Steve loved their son more than anyone could imagine. They spoiled him so much, fulfilling all of his wishes and making sure that he was always happy. They wanted to make sure that he got everything he always wanted as long as they got to see his big smile and the twinkle in his eyes. Peter trusted his parents a lot and was always very open with them, seeking praises, affection and reassurance from them. But it wasn’t only just emotional reassurances but also sexual.
“Give us the damn ball so that we can play you fucking bitch.” Richard yelled again.
Peter and Damian looked up into their dad’s eyes and waited for him to speak. He gently started to coax them and reassure them that everything would be okay.
Peter shook his head no and then proceeded to pull out his phone so that he could show them the texts that Ryan had sent him. When he got out his phone out, he saw that he had gotten another text from him and he opened it. What he read broke his heart even more and he bit his lips to keep himself from sobbing out.
“Hey, let me see.” Peter said, gently taking Liam’s hand in his own so he could examine it.
“Tony.” Steve said with a sigh of relief.
“Can you tell Richard to stop bothering me. I’m just trying to play by myself but he won’t let me and-“ Damian was saying before he got cut off.
“Names?” Principal Harrington asked.
“What happened?” Peter asked as he sat down on the head of the sofa.
“I have two students who got in a fight. I’m not sure who started it, but my students said that they saw Damian start it, so I brought them here.” Coach Wilson said.
He didn’t know how long he was sitting there’s as he tried to keep the nausea at bay until he felt a hand on his shoulder and another one on his forehead. He opened his eyes and saw Steve looking at him with a worried expression.
“I promise, it’s okay. We don’t need to see uncle Bruce.” Liam gave his parents a small smile.
They both inched their face forward and swiped their tongue over his pussy, causing Peter to arch his back and moan at the sensation. Steve and Tony didn’t waste time before they were diving their tongues into his vaginal opening and eating him out.
“Mr. Stark Rogers, this is Mr. Jones, Peter’s school teacher.” Mr. Jones said.
“Good job buddy. You’re so brave for us.” Tony said rubbing a hand up and down his back.
They chuckled and the doctor continued his exam.
“Yup, all good pops.” Liam gave him a bright smile.
Tony smiled back and ruffled Liam’s hair.
Tony arrived in a matter of time. He quickly dissembled the suit and ran up the stairs to his bedroom.
Steve and Tony laughed at their son’s reaction before letting him continue playing; enjoying the delightful sounds of his laughs.
“Hey Ryan, I’m at the restaurant. Are you almost here?” Peter sent him.
Steve chuckled again, ruffled his son’s hair and made his way towards the door while he let his son get ready. Damian made his way to the bathroom and jumped in the shower. He spent 10 minutes in there before getting out, drying himself off and making his way to his room. He put on his clothes, grabbed his book bag and made his way downstairs to the kitchen table.
Mr. Jones looked at the work and said, “great job Peter, the answer is correct.”
Steve shivered at the thought of what might happen next. He was praying to god that someone would notice that he was gone and that they would come and save him.
“We’ll talk with her tomorrow okay bud. Me and pops will be right there with you if something happens.” Tony said.
All three of them look towards their parents and waited for them to say that it was okay. Tony and Steve nodded their heads and they each took a lollipop in their hand. They said their goodbyes and headed outside and once they were in the car they drove their way home.
“His classmates and then when he told his teacher about them, his teacher told him to man up.” Tony said as anger bubbled again inside of him.
Tony and Steve nodded and answered the questions that were asked. After Dr. Richards had gathered everything that he needed, he started their standard procedure.
“Petey, baby? You okay sweetheart?” Steve asked his son with a soft voice.
“Not sure. He just fainted in the middle of class.” Mr. Jones said.
“Aww hey don’t be sad kiddo. I’ll heal up in no time yeah?” Liam said bringing his brother in a hug and kissing his cheek.
Steve and Tony chuckled at their sons behavior. Sometimes it was hard to believe that one was an adult and the other was almost one.
“Alright who’s next?” Steve asked.
“Hey, how you feeling now and what hurts?” Bruce asked.
“Li, what happened?” Peter asked.
“No, no it’s fine. We can keep going. It doesn’t even hurt.” Liam said giving his papa a smile.
“So who wants to go first?” He asked.
Tony gave him a smile and pulled him into a kiss. Steve smiled and kissed him back before they pulled apart. His husband always knew what to say whenever he was in doubt of whether or not he was doing this parenting thing right.
“That sounds good. Anything else?” Steve asked.
Apologies if it’s not good enough and it took so long to write. It’s just been a shitty week and it messed up my mood and I didn’t feel like writing.
“Ryan wasn’t running late when he texted earlier. When you dropped me off at the restaurant I waited 10 minutes for him to arrive and when he did, he came with his girlfriend and sat a couple of seats away from me. He c-cheated on me a-and then when I-I went to c-confront him, he told m-me that I w-was a w-whiny bitch and a-a piece of t-trash.” Peter said.
The pizza was delivered in 15 minutes and they all ended up enjoying. Damian’s laughs filled the room along with everyone else’s and the family was glad to see their youngest smiling and laughing again.
“Will do dad. Bye.” Liam shouted back.
“Hi Tony. Hi Steve.” The man said shaking hands with Steve and Tony.
The day went by pretty slow. Peter felt himself losing concentration throughout his classes. His head was pounding and he felt as if it would just explode any minute. His throat was burning and he felt like he couldn’t breathe through his nose. After he finished his 3rd period class, he felt drained out. He still had four more classes plus lunch to get through. He groaned and walked out of his 3rd period class and headed towards the next one. Peter entered the class and saw that Ned was already there. He relaxed a bit knowing that he had someone to talk to and that he wouldn’t be alone.
Tony wrapped his arms around his husband and son as he said his final goodbye. He was going out of state for some business meetings, which he really hated at times because he spent so much time away from the people that he loved.
“I see that buddy. Are you having fun?” Tony asked.
Steve and Natasha were in the kitchen making hot chocolate and sandwiches for everyone. They talked amongst each other as they prepared the snacks before grabbing the tray and making their way to the commons area.
“Little is an understatement.” Clint said with a snort.
“Bullies.” Tony said with a huff.
“N-no. You’re, y-you’re a-all g-g-gonna leave m-me. Please d-don’t l-leave. I’m s-sorry I f-failed. I’ll, I’ll d-do better. I-I promise. I’m sorry i-if I disappointed y-you. I’ll be, I’ll be there f-for you w-when y-you n-need me. D-don’t leave, p-please.” Tony said as tears streamed down his face.
“Peter, would you like for me and papa to help you out?” Tony asked in a purring type voice.
It was days like today that Tony really hated. Days like this one where he let his dark thoughts consume him. Where he would hide himself in the lab for hours, not caring about anyone or himself while he drowned himself in thoughts of work and worried if he was truly loved and wanted by his family and whether they truly needed him or not. He always thought about the moment they would realize he’s never done enough for them. The day they would realize that he wasn’t worth anything. The day they would realize that their lives would be truly better off without them. He hated thinking like this, he really did but he was just so insecure. He always tried his best to show his kids that he was there for them. He didn’t want to turn out like his father. The man was always so cold towards. Always ignored him unless it was to punish him or yell at him for being a disgrace to his family’s name. He was thankful for the few people that he had in his life but what if he was never enough for them? What if they realize that they didn’t want to waste their time with his pathetic self anymore? Tony let his thoughts run wild, his breath hitched and his breathing quickened and before he could stop himself he was going into panic mode and the dark thoughts in his brain wouldn’t stop.
Dr. Richards gave him a smile which calmed down his nerves.
Peter woke up to a stuffy nose, a sore throat and his muscles aching. He already knew that this wasn’t going to be a good day. He climbed out of bed and headed towards the bathroom. He brushed his teeth and then hopped in the shower hoping that it would help with his muscle aches. When he was done, he stepped out and headed towards his closet to get dressed. God he felt like crap but he didn’t want to worry his parents so he quickly got dressed, grabbed his book bag and headed downstairs. When he got downstairs he saw his papa putting out his plate and his dad making coffee. He entered the kitchen, put his book bag on the chair and was greeted by his parents.
“Okay papa.” Peter said and nodded.
“Not to bad papa. I iced it for a few minutes and then Peter applied the burn relief cream which helped. I’m just keeping the ice on it because it feels better with it on.” Liam said.
“Yeah, just two.” Dr. Richards said as he made his way to the fridge and pulled out the supplies and then made his way back.
Liam looked up to his dad. “You guys didn’t need to get me anything.”
“I’ll see you in 3 weeks.” Tony said as he hugged Steve and kissed him.
Tony shook his head. God he felt so pathetic for the way he was acting and the fact that he had made them worry so much over him, he felt like he was the worst person ever.
Damian stared at Steve before putting his head down and covering himself up with the blankets which made Steve chuckle.
Peter wiped his eyes, sniffling a bit before looking at his dad. Tony’s heart broke at the amount of pain that he saw in his son’s eyes. The pain he wished was never there.
“That sounds good. I’ll check your blood pressure next. This is going to feel a bit tight but it’ll only last for a few seconds.” Dr. Richards.
“Pete, bud. What’s wrong kiddo?” Steve asked.
Bruce sat down on the bed to check Peter over. He took his temperature which read out to be 102 which wasn’t so bad but still high. Bruce checked Peter over before prescribing him medicine.
“Thanks dads.” He let a few tears slip and wiped them away. His dads hugged him tightly, kissing his head and soothingly rubbing his back.
“No, we’re through. This relationship is over. Thanks for letting me know how much this relationship meant to you. How much I meant to you.” Peter said before walking out of the restaurant as tears started to gather in his eyes.
“No, no th-they h-hurt y-you. Wh-where are y-you? I’ll c-come s-save you.” Peter hiccuped out.
Peter - 13
“Oh, hey pops. Why are you up so early?” Liam asked.
“No, no I’m fine Ned. It’s nothing.” Peter said in a stuffy voice
Steve nodded and returned his smile gently putting a hand on his back and rubbing it.
“Yes sir, I’m okay.” Peter said, clearing his throat.
“Papa!” Damian clapped and giggled as soon as he saw Steve walk in and head towards them.
“Peter stop making a scene. Let’s go outside and talk about this.” Ryan said as he tried to grabbed Peter’s arm.
“Don’t worry kiddo. We suck at it just as much as you do.” Sam said.
“A-are you g-gonna d-do it f-fast?” Damian asked.
“Pete kiddo. I want you to listen to me alright buddy.” Tony said.
“Are you okay?” Damian asked, looking up at Liam.
“Anytime guys.” Bruce said, returning their hug.
Peter let out a huff and sat up on his bed, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes, yawning and stretching.
“Yeah but we love you more.” Liam said winking at his brother.
Lilly rolled her eyes. “Oh come on babe, it’s just a bit of fun. Don’t be such a spoilsport. I’ll make you feel real good baby.”
“Peter? Peter?” Mr. Jones said.
“Thanks uncle Bruce.” Liam said giving him a smile.
Steve frowned before reaching forward and putting a palm to his son’s head. He could feel the heat radiating from the skin and moved his hand to Peter’s cheek.
“Hey guys. How was the- what happened?” Tony said when he saw them.
“Oooo wait presents.” Peter said picking up the boxes that had each of their presents in.
The man’s eyes bulged out as he saw who was holding his wrist. Steve stared at all of them before speaking in a calm but scary voice.
Liam shook his head and the doctor nodded, writing it down in the folder. He looked at it one more time to see if he missed anything and once he was done he closed the folder the set it aside.
“Hey Barnes don’t threaten my husband before I kill you.” Tony said.
He then turned to his husband and said, “and I’ll always be here to protect you as well babe.”
Peter let out a hiccup as he listened to everything his dad was telling him. Tony maneuvered himself so he lying against the headboard. He and Steve got under the covers and pulled them over Peter. They both gently ran their hands up and down his back and through his hair. Peter started to calm down and he listened to his dad’s heartbeat knowing that he was with him. He sniffled a bit before burying himself farther into his dad’s hold. Tony laid down and turned so Peter was in between the both of them. Steve snuggled even closer to his son and wrapped his arm around the both of them. They both rubbed his back and whispered reassurances telling him that “everything was okay”, “they were alright” and that “they loved him.”
——————
All three of them thought over the what their dad had said and nodded their heads in approval.
Steve and Tony froze at the words that came out of their son’s mouth. Tony spoke up and said, “can you tell us what happened buddy?”
“Better, that nap was good.” Liam said sitting up so he could prop himself against the pillow.
“Tony.” Steve said, cupping his face in his hands and making him look up. He gently wiped away the tears and looked him straight in the eyes.
“Yeah, just tidying up my room.” Peter said as he grabbed the last of his clothes and put them in his closet.
“Listen stop complaining and being whiny and stop annoying him. Leave him alone and stop bringing your stupid complaints to me alright. Man up and take the hit.” Coach Wilson said.
Steve and Tony just chuckled and nodded their heads.
His dad chuckled before waving goodbye and driving off and Peter walked up the stairs and entered the restaurant. When he got inside, he asked the staff for a table of two and the girl led him to where he would be seated. He thanked her and she nodded her head before leaving to go get him a drink, coming back and placing it on the table. He thanked her once again and she gave him a smile before leaving.
“Thank you so much.” Steve said as he shook her hand.
“S-Steve, yo-uh close babe, fuck.” Tony said.
“Now, breathe in. Good and out.” Dr. Richards instructed.
“Awesome. Sounds great pops.” Liam said as he sat down next to Peter.
Steve chuckled at his son’s reaction as they continued their run. Then an idea came into Steve’s mind to make this a bit more fun.
“No need. Steve’s our friend to and he’s just as important to us as he is to you.” Bruce said with a small smile on his face.
“And we said you can just call us by our first names, we wouldn’t mind.” Steve said with a smile.
—————
“Thanks Pete. You’re the best. I’ll see you later.” Ryan responded.
“I’m taking the suit.” Tony said with a tone that Steve recognized was his tone for that nothing was going to stop him from coming home.
“Alrighty then. Just going to ask you a couple of basic questions and then we’ll get to the routine checkup. Sound good?” Dr. Richards asked.
Liam sighed, his stomach still churning with guilt. He heard footsteps coming into the kitchen and looked up to see his youngest brother.
Everyone’s eyes filled with fear as the Captain’s voice cut through the air. They pulled out all of their devices and deleted all the pictures of Peter and Tony from their phones. When that was done, Steve gave them one last stare before saying, “if any of those pictures leak out anywhere I swear I will make your life hell. Got it?”
Steve rolled his eyes and chuckled at his husband’s behavior before saying, “okay just a couple more minutes then.”
“Papa?” Peter croaked out.
“Thanks papa and okay.” Peter said giving Steve a smile as he settled under the covers.
Peter is a Sophomore in high school.
Dr. Richards quickly swabbed the other arm, before injecting the needle carefully and pulling it out when he was done. He put a band-aid on top and then it was over.
“Yeah bud?” Tony said.
“I, wow Pete. This is truly so beautiful kiddo. We love it so much. Thanks bud.” Tony said as Steve pulled his son into a hug and ruffled his hair.
“STOP, STOP, PLEASE STOP IT PLEASE!” he screamed while tears rolled down his eyes.
“Wait. I can go get it. You guys just got back and you’re probably really tired right now.” Liam said getting up but ended up being pushed back down.
“Peter, Damian we’ll be right back kiddos.” Tony said.
Liam - 15
After everyone left, Steve had already fallen asleep with Peter cuddled on his right side. Tony turned off the lights before climbing into bed and putting an arm around both Steve and Peter. Peter had his arm around Steve’s chest. Tony planted a kiss on both of their heads before pulling up the covers and falling asleep.
Tony set Liam on the stretcher type bed and laid him down. Bruce quickly scanned his ankle and frowned when the results came up. Yeah it was definitely fractured but Bruce was glad that he didn’t have to do surgery on his nephew since it wasn’t broken.
“I’m sorry Pete. I know this isn’t how you planned your day to go and I even ruined the lunch and now-,” Liam started but was cut off by Peter.
They arrived in 20 minutes, making their way inside the building. Tony went up to the desk and was told that the doctor would be with them shortly. They all sat down in the seats and waited for their turn. It was a couple minutes later when the doctor called the family inside and led them to their room.
“Okay.” The three of them said together.
“I’m s-sorry. I’m s-so so-orry.” Tony chokes out.
When they finally arrived, Tony looked over to his son and saw that he was asleep. He frowned. Peter never falls asleep on the way to school. He gently put a hand on his son’s shoulder and shook him awake. Peter jumped when he felt a hand on his shoulder and looked over to his dad. He gave his dad a weak smile before looking and seeing that he was at school.
Steve’s face harden and he asked, “did he tell you why he couldn’t make it?”
Liam trembled in Tony’s hold and they squeezed his hands, letting him know that they were here for him.
“Papa, papa, you’re okay. You gotta wake up papa. You’re not there anymore. You’re with me and dad. It’s okay.” Peter said.
“So in conclusion, we love you just as much as you love us, maybe a tiny bit more.” Peter said cheekily.
Liam snapped his mouth shut and look down at his hands. His eyes started to water and he bit his lips to stop himself from crying out. He didn’t know why this was affecting him so much.
“Where’s his mother?”
Bruce looked up when he heard his name and gave Tony a smile.
“Pete, buddy. It’s dad. Can you look at me bud.” Tony said with a gentle voice.
“Yes, sir. Thank you.” Tony said.
Steve gave Peter a gentle smile before nodding his head. “Yeah bud, just a little sore, that’s it.”
“Oh god. Is he okay?” Steve asked.
When Tony entered the kitchen and saw the troubled look on Steve’s face, he became concerned.
He flinched at the volume and Steve popped his head in. “Damian, inside voice sweetheart.”
“No. What the fuck are you going to do about it?” Damian said, shocked to realize how he was keeping this up.
“Hey Pete. How’s your date going kiddo?” Steve said.
Damian and Peter didn’t move from where they were at, both of them not wanting to get the shot.
“And who exactly are those witness and what exactly did they see? Did you even get Damian’s side of the story or did you just assume that he started it?” Tony said.
“Good boy, good boy. Such a perfect boy. Always so perfect and amazing for your daddies.” They said while continuing their motions.
Steve took the globe and set it on their night stand and picked up the scrapbook that Peter gave. They opened it and the biggest smiles came on their faces as tears also filled their eyes. Inside the book, there were so many pictures that ranged from the first day that they got married, to anniversaries, to the day they adopted all three of them and just other small memorable moments throughout their lives that were special.
Steve and Tony glanced at each other, worry and sadness clearly showing on their faces and in their eyes. Tony pulled Liam back into a hug and Steve joined as well.
“Shut up. You’re scaring him.” Tony growled out as he stepped in front of his son even more so he could shield him from all the cameras.
“Happy Birthday Pete. I love you.” Liam said as he hugged him.
Tony eyed his son carefully and asked, “are you ok kiddo?”
“Thanks pops.” Peter said as he felt his throat feel relief.
Liam nodded and a couple seconds later the cuff came off. Dr. Richards recorded the blood pressure on the chart.
They arrived at the compound and Tony quickly ran to the medical wing with Bruce behind him. When they arrived there, Bruce quickly started to examine the head wound and wrapped it up. He then moved on to stitching Steve’s wounds and cuts. When he was examining his friend’s body he was disgusted to see just how many cuts were along his skin. God what were they trying to do to him. After Bruce patched up all the gashes he left Tony alone with Steve.
“I, um, made you drawings.” Damian said.
“I love you too baby. I love all of you.” Tony said pressing a kiss to Damian’s head.
Steve and Tony arrived in 10 minutes and saw that there son was waiting for them outside. They got there and before they could get out the car, Peter was running towards them. Tony opened the door and Peter climbed in and began to sob. Tony quickly pulled his son into a hug and wrapped his arms around him. They sat in silence as Steve drove them home and Tony did his best to get Peter to calm down.
Liam chuckled fondly at Damian’s actions and picked him up, carrying him to Peter’s room. He opened the door and made his way over to Peter’s bed as he sat Damian down while gently pulling back the covers, brushing the hair out from his face and shaking his shoulders.
He lifted Steve in his lap and flew towards the quinjet.
“Dad please tell me where you are? Please. Please I need you. Tell me where are you? Please.” Peter said as he cried.
Nothing, not a sound was heard in the air and Peter’s heart rate sped up. He looked around the damaged town. Buildings were broken down, trees burnt, and cracks in the pavement. He looked all around the places he could, screaming Tony’s name at the top of his lungs as he frantically searched for his dad everywhere.
Liam removed the blindfold from Peter’s eyes and everyone shouted “surprise”.
Steve nodded his head and said “love you guys.”
“Well clearly ma’am your son did because while he doesn’t have a single scratch on his face anywhere, my son has a broken nose. So please tell me who started the fight.” Tony said.
Peter laughed as the pout on his brother’s face before saying, “nope, I don’t think so kiddo. We definitely love you more.”
“Daddy, I’m wet.” Peter said, getting straight to the point.
“You want something to eat bud?” Tony asked.
“Why didn’t you tell us that you were sick this morning?” Steve asked.
“Ouch Pete, I’m wounded.” Tony said putting hand over his heart dramatically.
“Spaghetti and meatballs.” Clint suggested.
Steve clenched his jaw and tried to move but he remembered that he was restrained. He growled again at the nickname that came out of the kidnappers mouth. No one was allowed to call him that besides the people who were his family and friends. And the way the kidnapper was saying just made his stomach clench and twist with disgust.
Tony just shook his head and pulled Steve into a hug and right then Peter walked in with Bruce. When they entered Peter ran straight to Steve’s side. “Are you okay papa?”
“I-I know but I-I’m fine papa. Everything’s a-okay. Thanks though.”
Peter let out a sob before getting out of Steve’s hold and jumping into Tony’s arms. Tony looped his arms around his son’s shaking frame and began to calm him down. Steve adjusted himself so he could loop his arms around both of them.
“He’ll definitely be the best protector but we’ll all protect each other no matter what.” Steve said.
Steve grabbed a washcloth, wetting it and then wiped Peter’s mouth. Peter kept his eyes closed as he fought off the nauseous feeling.
He arched his back and pushed his mound closer into his parents face and came. Tony and Steve slurped up their son’s juices, devouring the musky taste of his wetness. Steve pushed in a finger and started to finger his son’s cunt as the hole clenched around it. Peter was panting, his pussy throbbing around his papa’s finger as Steve began to speed up his thrusts, adding two more fingers into the hot and wet cavern.
“Everyone is saying-“ The principal started before being cut off.
“Okay papa.” Peter said, nodding his head as he drunk his soup.
“Well that’s a first. I’ve never seen you cleaning up before.” Tony said smirking.
“That, that motherfucker. I wanna kill him.” Bucky hissed out.
“Okay. Should be done in an hour.” Steve said as he got up and made his way to the kitchen.
“We do.” Everyone said at the same time.
Tony and Steve looked at their son and felt their hearts break. Their son was so insecure about himself.
Steve said.
Tony grabbed the lube and drizzled it over Peter’s mound and then spread it around with his fingers to make sure that it covered the whole area.
“There we go.” Dr. Richards said as he took the needle out and put the band-aid on.
“Morning.” Liam mumbled as he rubbed his eyes, waking himself up.
“Jarvis, call Tony please.” Steve said to the A.I.
“Hey kiddo, wanna race?” Steve said.
“Nope, that’ll be me.” Peter said.
Dr. Richards performed the same procedures that he did on Liam with Damian. He took his height, weight, checked his heart rate, eyes, ears, mouth and asked him the same questions. Once Damian was done, Peter stood up and made his way to where the doctor was and the procedure repeated again. Once Dr. Richards was done, he let them know that everything was good.
“Really? Wow, that’s a lot.” Liam said with wide eyes.
“Umm no. I wasn’t quite sure what to take.” Liam said.
“No cry daddy. I wuv oo.” Damian said.
Ned frowned and looked at Peter and said, “you look like shit man.”
Steve bit his lip trying to figure out how he would ask the question. “Um do y-you s-still l-love m-me?”
“Sure babe.” Tony said walking over to the cupboard and grabbing the plates and then making his way towards the table to set it.
Steve chuckled at his son’s behavior and ruffled his hair, eliciting a laugh from him.
“Ready, set, go.” Steve said and then they were both running.
Liam swallowed the lump in his throat. He really thought that they were going strong. He never thought that she would do this to him.
“Your welcome Captain Rogers.” Jarvis replied.
“No, don’t want it. Feel like I’m gonna throw up.” He murmured.
“What did he do when you told him that bud?” Tony asked gently.
“No, y-you’re l-lying. I w-want m-my dad. I want h-him.” Peter cried.
He was playing and minding his own business when he saw one of his classmates making there way over to him. He paid them no attention and continued to do what he was doing.
“Ok.” Peter said, hanging up the phone after he told his dad where he could pick him up from. He looked down at his feet, mind reeling with thoughts on what he could have done wrong to deserve this.
Liam hesitated and then shook his head no. “It’s just….throbbing a bit but it doesn’t hurt like that.”
“Yeah, we’re not gremlins. We’re angels.” Peter said.
“I…we…um well…I.” Liam stopped himself, clenching his teeth.
“That’s what you get for not listening you fucking piece of shit.” Richard said.
“Thanks dad.” Liam said giving Tony a smile.
“Stop LiLi. That tickles, stop, stop.” Damian said as he laughed wholeheartedly.
Peter nodded his head in agreement. It really didn’t turn out as bad as he thought it would but sometimes he just had that fear in the back of his mind.
Bruce hummed and said, “well I gave your parents some medicine that’ll help. You just gotta eat something first before you take them.”
“Hey Coach, can I speak with you?” Damian said.
Steve and Tony woke up like any other school day. Steve went downstairs to the kitchen to prepare his kids their breakfast while Tony woke up their 3 kids. He headed towards his oldest son’s room, opening the door, quietly stepping in and making his way towards his bed.
Steve awaken with a gasp and a choked cry. He tried to calm himself down but found it hard to do so.
“Yeah J?” Tony said as he continued to examine his surroundings.
Liam was walking his way down to his dad’s lab. He had needed some help with his homework because he wasn’t understanding what he was doing wrong. He had been working on the same problem for 10 minutes but he just couldn’t get the right answer.
Tony smiled back and Bruce decided that he would give them some alone time.
Liam nodded and headed upstairs going to his room to get a change of clothes and then to the bathroom to shower.
Peter left another poke on his arm and he flinched. God he hated getting vaccines so badly. A second later, the needle was gone and a bandage was placed.
Peter nodded his head before running out the door and going to go get his uncle.
“Alright alright, you all can be tall but for now it’s your papa.” Tony said.
“You don’t have to hold yourself back, okay baby. Just scream and moan as much as you want.” Steve said as they both got in their position.
“I’m not sure yet. The nurse is still checking over him. I would advise arriving as quick as possible.” Mr. Jones said.
Suddenly, one of the paps took a hold of Peter’s arm and pulled him harshly so he could face him. Peter cried out at the pressure put upon his arm before it was taken away. Tony snapped his head up when he heard his son cry out. He was about to kick the person who had hurt his son when he saw his husband standing next to him and the paparazzi’s hand in his own and a hard look on his face.
“Love you kiddo.” Steve and Tony both said as they pressed a kiss to Peter’s forehead.
“I love you too dad.” Peter said as he watched his dad walk towards the plane before turning around and waving at them one last time.
“It’s nothing buddy, I’m okay.” Steve said as he wiped his face to get rid of the tears.
Tony took one look at Steve and seeing him awake made him jump up, which ended up making Peter stand as well.
“I don’t know Tones. It sounded like he was either crying or close to crying. I asked if what was wrong but he kept saying to come pick him up. He said that everything was okay but I don’t think it is.”
“Thanks Uncle Bruce.” Peter said.
—————
Peter took a couple of sips and let his fathers console him as he started to calm down before looking up at them and saying, “he cheated.”
“Paaaaapa stoooooop, you’re just as bad as dad.” Peter said with a pout.
“I have my resources.” Peter said, giving his parents a cheeky smile.
“Pops, do you need any help with the dishes?” Peter asked.
Steve and Tony eyed Peter carefully before making eye contact and then nodding. They both gave him a smile and Steve placed a plate of pancakes in front of both of them and went back into the kitchen to grab his plate.
Tony and Steve reached the destination in 20 minutes and when Peter saw his dad’s car pulling up, he quickly ran towards it and saw his papa getting out. He collided with Steve’s chest and Steve quickly wrapped his arms around Peter as he began to sob against his chest. Steve and Tony exchanged worrying glances with each other and led their son to the car. Steve gripped Peter close to him and got in the back while Tony drove them home. Peter curled into his papa’s lap and cried all while Steve tried to calm him down.
