“Or out of your way,” John repeated. “He got out of your way. He came all the way across the ocean to get out of your way.”
"And Irene Adler. Mycroft thought it best I not do it alone. Well, he was afraid she'd shoot me. I usually ignore his suggestions, but Irene agreed that it was best we should meet her from a position of strength."
He doesn’t feel too fortunate, but considering where Will is coming from, he supposes he is. John thinks that the worst thing for someone who can read and understand people must be to not know your own self. He admits that he’s had plenty of times in his life where he didn’t know what he wanted, but nothing in his life could compare to what Will was going through.
John closes his eyes, his own hand refusing to lift from his lap. He can't seem to will it to take the device. Sherlock's shaking hand holds it for him.
. He scrambles into the room and shuts the trapdoor behind him, a black cat rubbing against John’s leg.
"Then, let me ask you this at least. Have you noticed anything out of the ordinary in my brother's behavior?"
Nothing in Sherlock's life had felt like that moment—before or since. He'd reached that conclusion while in his mind palace. That ache, that need pressed Sherlock to act. He still felt that pressure, still echoed it every night as he tried to go to sleep. And the man who had made him feel this way was mere inches away.
“You said you didn’t make his bed,” Sherlock says, leaning into her face and pointing his finger. “So you did have sexual intercourse with my brother!”
The iodine in the air grows stronger, and John asks about the odor. One of the men looks at him puzzled, but the other points to the shore where the plants from the bottom seem to have washed ashore to ferment in the sun.
“You want him to do what?!” John voice raises. “Do you remember he still recovering from his head injury?”
The once polished concrete is pitted and covered in dust and grime from disuse with clear, recent footprints. He counts them. Sophy brought an impressive number of men just to catch Sherlock.
“Do you think you were alone in that warehouse? Others were nearby. When they reached the place where you’d sent the last message, you had disappeared along with the five canisters. All the information you’d retrieved from the lab on a previous mission was wiped systematically.”
It’s scary to be in love. Terrifying. You have to put faith and trust in someone else. It’s why he never wanted to fall again. But it’s too late. He fell in love with William. He is in love with Sherlock.
I know I’m holding out the other name. The one that will hurt John more, the one that might be the final wedge between us.
William remembers all too well. “They took whatever valuables I had. Stripped me of my clothes and shoes. I was unconscious in an alley at the time. Only left my coat, and they only left that because I was laying on top of it. I made certain after that day to always pay attention to my surroundings and hid if I felt an inkling of migraine.”
I often think of different ways to kill you. It's what I have left. It's you who've put me here. It's not like it hasn't happened before. I should have known something was off when Irene Adler walked up and slapped me in the face, then threw me into the backseat of a sedan that looked suspiciously like Mycroft's. I should have kneed her in the groin (she thinks she has big bollocks). My abductors returned my kindness with a jab in my thigh from the needle that failed to knock me out effectively. It took almost a half hour, during which I vomited three times, once all over her shoes.
Sherlock decides to see what Lestrade is up to and sits on the couch with the laptop in his thighs. It’s too easy to hack into the Cardiff Central’s database. After this is all over, Sherlock will have to let Lestrade know where the weaknesses exist. Until then, Sherlock needs access.
I was handed over to Moran upon Moriarty's death. Just a commodity shifted from one hand to another to be used to finish Moriarty's work. And when no longer useful, discarded. That is why I'm here.
“I ...” I am about to tell him that Sherlock was not a girl’s name, that I had meant to tell him then that I loved him. I stop. John’s blue eyes are wide, his breathing becomes rapid gasps.
Hotshoeagain did an awesome job beta'ing this. Any mistakes are mine since I couldn't leave it alone before publishing.
What must Mary think? What did you tell her? And why? Dear Lord, why? All because, what? Some cryptic message from you about saving my life? Please, someone save my life. Not from her. From you!
John slipped his coat off his shoulders. Thank god his mom insisted on a waterproof lining—at least his shirt was dry.
“My brother is a complicated man,” Mycroft continues. “He can project what he wants others to see. Be certain before you continue that you understand what he really is.”
“Probably worse in some parts of London. We were fortunate that part of the Yard was still with us. Our business lost most of our people, but we still had enough necessary to keep secure.”
"Not nearly painful or irritating enough," John sniffs and closes his eyes. It's so bright the light still filters in behind his eyelids. "When
Forgive me for the harsh words I've said and may say again. I may not be good at speaking words of love, but know that my heart is yours alone. It took me far too long to realize that there is no one on this earth for me but you. You are in my thoughts, my dreams. You are my life. If sweet words should ever fail me, know you are and always will be my Sherlock.
The epilogue begins from with John’s POV at Mummy’s for Christmas, then goes to Sherlock's at his Mum's, then at “Skully” Island.
I’m sitting on the edge of the tub taking down my trousers when he returns. He’s brought two towels and a couple of flannels.
"You know what? Fuck you!" John said. "You tell me this shit then don't explain a thing? Then you jump up into your bed and do this...whatever it is...meditate? Who do you think you are, the Maharishi Yogi or something? Screw you. I need this job."
I drink a cup of coffee, then take a shower, shave, get ready for the day. It’s a routine I’ve grown to love. I never thought this kind of domesticity would suit me. I never thought I would embrace such a thing. Now it’s a part of me, and I don’t want to lose it.
“Why, of course!” she says with a flourish and takes John’s arm. Sherlock steps to John’s other side to mediate.
"Boobies," he giggles like a school boy. Brown boobies, masked boobies, and red-footed boobies. Oh, and then there were the black and brown noddies. Every day he recognizes them and begins giving them names like Sam and Ralph and Eleanor.
For those interested in what the blood rune looks like, this is the one used on Full Metal Alchemist that Edward Elric used to bind Alphonse's (his brother's) soul and essence to the suit of armor.
He didn't want to think about his roommate this much, but he couldn't seem to stop. Just like he couldn't stop dreaming about his roommate.
"You're not alone in this, you know. You made a friend in Molly today. And Lestrade texted earlier, still working on your ID."
Today, I sit sipping the Earl Grey with just the right amount of sugar. Tea seems to be John’s solution to everyday stressors. His shoulders loosen more with each sip. John smiles at me over the brim of his cup. This has been the routine of the last few days and our quiet late afternoons. I look forward to these chats about nothing in particular. Odd, because I used to think such idle chatter was mundane, but I’ve found that I thoroughly enjoy his time and company. Even when he is not present, I’ve grown comfortable in his living space and find his eclectic curiosities fascinating exploration. The books on his shelves have been hours of entertainment and reflect his interests from detective novels to science textbooks to classics.
It’s like a blinding light goes off inside his head. Pain shoots through his skull, but he keeps himself passionless, stiff, and blank. “The game,” he repeats.
John slid closer, till their knees touched. Sherlock's heart beat faster. His breath caught in his throat. Their knees were still touching as he flipped over the last card.
"So when do you think you can get this from Beca?" she asks as her hand brushes against the bench next to her.
I spread eagle on the wooden planks, but John turns me on my side, and I vomit the River Thames. His palms sooth my back as my body shivers.
A few minutes later, John pulls back. “When do you think she’ll make her move and try to abduct me?”
As if his insulting Anderson weren't enough to gain Sherlock's admiration, Moriarty's intimate knowledge of the killer's mind was irresistible. He was obviously a superior consulting forensic psychologist.
From one of the inside stalls, he heard a man cough and flush for the third time. A clattering. A pen rolled from under the door. Footsteps shuffled inside the stall. Sherlock shut off the water.
He promised Sherlock he would never do it again, but that was before Sherlock had broken his promise to never leave.
He feels Beca shift off the bed. She’s trapped. In a swirling haze in his mind he laughs at the irony. They’ll arrest her for the murder of Sherlock Holmes. At least there’s that. Case solved.
I hate it when my transport disappoints. Memories of other childhood rejections overwhelm me: raised from birth as an alpha, at four I looked in the mirror, and the reflection staring back was not me. Stunned, I asked my mum, "Who is that omega boy?" She covered her mouth, and said, "That is you."
I knelt down to inspect the hair. Sherlock held up a bit of ripped flesh between his tweezers with his gloved hands. He bagged it and zipped the top with a flourish. How does he do that? He makes collecting evidence into some sort of game of being cool.
He shivered. His hair was plastered to his head, and the bitter cold rain that ran down his face mixed with warm tears. John brushed them both away.
I blush thinking about John helping me. He doesn’t blush at all. In fact, he appears very ... enthusiastic. He’s herding me across the room and through the bathroom doors.
She steps up to John, heels clicking on the pavement. "I owe you this," she says. She pulls her arm back and slaps him hard. The shock of the loud crack hurts his ears more than the slap to his face, and the sharp snap of his neck stings.There was force behind it, and John reflexively touches his cheek where her hand landed. Better than looking down the barrel of a gun he supposes.
“Oh,” John said. He felt his face get hot. That was why everyone was laughing. Well, that was a relief. “Thanks.”
During a dark, moonless night three days after that, Sherlock was there again. He didn't look to see who was there—he didn't have to. It was the man in the car next to his. Younger, fair-haired. Fit build. No questions. No strings. No complications.
"Reminds me of some of the old horror movies I loved. I half expect the ghost of Bela Lugosi to jump out at us," I said.
There are still times I want to call him Willie like his Mum. I’m glad he’s here. It makes the place feel more like a home.
And there were his friends. They weren't assholes about it like his dad, but they snickered and made faces whenever John tried to casually bring up the subject. Instead of arguing with them, he'd play along, pretending he was just as shocked by those gay people as his friends.
“We’d had problems with looters and such things as trade espionage before, but our security was exemplary, an amalgamation of technology, manpower, and alchemy. I don’t know how it was for you in London, but in Grays, it became anarchy.”
Getting into private and government run servers is too easy. Lestrade hasn’t found a connection, just the name of the pharmaceutical company the victims’ worked for, Bocks Company. In minutes, Sherlock finds a connection that proves fruitful: The company had gone under, but reemerged after Pandora as The Andropa Institute. Sherlock laughed— not even subtle. An anagram! For Pandora!
As usual, Sherlock sits not far from him in the sand with a long blade of grass in his hand. John wonders how he ever missed it. Did he just choose to ignore it? Why? What was he afraid of?
She jumps into John’s arms. He kisses her head, and I still hang on to how his hand felt in mine. The tingle where we touched lingers as a reminder, and it makes me feel so alone.
John rises up and turns his head to see an unsure Sherlock biting his bottom lip. He's stroking his own cock, watching John.
He's also a careful Sherlock. One who treads on tip-toes. One who is afraid to upset John. He told John that his heart rate became irregular when he fainted. He follows John now as if he might shatter and disappear entirely. John is not sure if the arrythmia was a result of his physical state, or from the shock of learning the truth about Mary, or Sherlock's confession.
John’s a bit taken aback how well they are working together. It’s really a bit of a miracle to him. He also feels a bit giddy from all this brilliance.
As his eyes were trained on John's mouth, Sherlock wondered if he could expire from sexual frustration.
Every day after, John habitually checks the locker room, hoping to catch him and records his findings (or lack of) in his journal. John doesn’t really expect to catch the man red handed, so when he opens the door to the locker room that day, and the man he’s chased over trash bins is standing only three feet way, John practically falls over himself getting to him. Instead of running away, the git collapses in agony at his feet, moaning, “my head.” A bit of a let down.
I am pacing in front of the fireplace, bare feet cautiously avoiding Rosie’s wooden alphabet blocks. I remain uncertain. Should I rush upstairs and tell him? I am about to do it when I get a call from Lestrade for a case. It’s a relief—a chance to return to our normal. Afterward, we can talk.
"As it states in your note, your love was forbidden and kept a secret from your disapproving parents. This was the story that your lover told you long ago and had you write down."
Mouths open, tongues war, John’s weight comes to rest completely on top of Sherlock, and John begins to rock into him.
I am torn between a feeling of dread that she is behind this and a relief that she is no longer a vacant shell. If this is my sister’s doing, she is either back and scheming or this note is the remnants of the ruin she set in motion.
Marilyn took one last step and opened the deep-freeze door. The door gasped as the suction broke from the door gasket. A blast of cold air hit us as Sherlock pushed aside the insulation curtain that hung across the door for a quick inspection before we stepped inside. It occurred to me to regret giving up my jacket so freely. I pulled the sleeves of my jumper down over my hands.
"He was most attentive, and I was very flattered," James said. "But as time passed, his attentions became … suffocating. I broke it off, but he refused to accept it was over."
He wondered what he'd do exactly in this work study for Professor Doyle, and what kind of research he would be doing. He realized he didn't know much about where Doyle's particular interests other than what the professor told them on the first day of class. His specialty was cognitive psychology and his most recent work was on the malleability of human memory. If this was indeed what John would be working on, John grew excited. Memory was fascinating to him. He supposed he could get a leg up on the work and go to the library and look up some of the professor's current research.
Driving down the interstate, John thought. In the end, though, did it matter who? An anonymous first fuck? It was a creepy feeling. He supposed he could wait and watch from somewhere—see who came to answer his message. If that person looked as creepy as the man in the car, he'd pass on it.
I won't change it. I've used my power in the past on suppressants, but without them? I could do the unimaginable. I believed I could do anything. I tried to bring my mum back from death, and in doing that, I threw one brother into oblivion and lost my arm. In the end, my arrogance cost my family our home and my freedom.
Sherlock decided to put the bottle of Jack Daniels to good use. He unscrewed the phone’s mouth and earpiece, then took them to the sink and doused them in the whiskey. After that he wiped down the rest of the handset with his saturated handkerchief.
To do that I much make Sophy believe. I want Greg and everyone else to think I don’t trust them. As for Lestrade, it will not seem so out of character on your part when you follow me now that he knows our...
Sherlock scoots onto the bed beside him. His lips part as he carefully pulls up the corner of a piece of tape with his fingers. He even has freckles on his lips, John realizes as he watches Sherlock's teeth nip them in concentration. His long fingers are freckled. They gently tug the tape that sticks to the fine hairs on John's leg.
“What does the great Sherlock Holmes want from me?” She meets my eyes, her thin lips forming a flat line.
The barrel bit into his temple as Moran continued to nudge it against his skull. Moran snarled at John, and John snarled back.
“Interesting choice of words." That voice! "I think that makes him human, which is more than I can say for you.” It's John! He came. He knew it! Sherlock can just make out his form standing in the doorway with Lestrade behind him. “Disappointed?! I'm disappointed. I thought you were someone to look up to. Someone who cared. It turns out you’re nothing but criminal.”
“A wise man once told me when you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.”
His insides warm and he feels the familiar flutter of his heart during a first kiss. Not something to worry about, John tells himself. His breathing becomes rapid as his own tongue swirls around Sherlock's.
There was barely room to scoot between the wall and the olive steel tanker desk. With the two filing cabinets, a person could barely move between them.
“Swing your legs,” John says. He gives her back one gentle push, but it’s not enough for Rosie who begins kicking her legs, pushing against the front of the bucket swing, and jerking the chain back and forth.
He put on his coat and wrapped his scarf around his neck. “Go around and cut down Mary, I’ll check the snares,” he said.
“Alright … if you say you are,” John smirks and looks back to the job at hand. “The window is even repurposed. Isn’t that what they call it now? You can tell it’s old from the bubbles in the glass and it sort of bends. But I’m sure you know all that, being that you help pick it all out. Just that it’s something that keeps the place a lot like it was before.”
“Most people just knock, but you’re not most people,” Sherlock said, still not taking his eyes off the slide. “I could ask you what you hope to accomplish, but we both know the answer. It won’t work.”
After two scheduled surgeries and an emergency appendectomy, John crosses over to the to the nurses’ station and props himself against the desk in his usual position. He reads over what’s on his schedule for the afternoon. He hears the familiar gait of Dr. Hooper fast approaching. She’s on a mission and is coming right at him in the face. He expects the worse. Instead she hugs him. John squeaks out in surprise.
But Paranoia pointed out that vapor lights wouldn’t reveal the warped mind of a mass murderer who might look just like his next door neighbor. Some homicidal clean-cut, suit and tie type. John had seen so many of them wandering behind that same building late at night. No, it wasn’t dirty old men who lurked there. John had watched. No, it was generally a regular Joe—or some horny young man like him.
Big thanks to hotshoeagain who helped so much sifting through this chapter and making it so, so much stronger. I appreciate you so much!
“It positively the worst swill I’ve ever had,” he tells John. Sherlock is still obsessing over his disappointment that the baby wasn’t named after him.
“I’ll watch these two, Seb. Untie our two friends and go out and shoot whatever or whoever is knocking on the walls.”
“I’m not certain. I found four yesterday. They had to have been planted after I was with Ms. Kradites since I would have noticed them earlier. I always check.”
Instead, Sherlock quickly ran down the options and then chose John's electric guitar case tucked between the bed and dresser. He stretched to get it and silently eased it out and carried it across the room. As he did he kept one wary on John, who continued to snore gently. Sherlock moved John's trainers from the middle of the floor and set the case in their place.
How had he misjudged this? He was certain he’d sent John the text message in enough time so John would reach him before she managed to kill him.
“Wait,” John says, his eyes fixed on Sherlock’s mouth. “I’ve been wanting to do this since I woke up this morning.” He pulls Sherlock toward him as John stands to meet him.
"If you must know, he handcuffed me to a bed and left me there," Sherlock said, and crossed his arms.
Robert Crumb’s poster 1968 single Zap comic sparked many reprints and new creations on his part, including the font.
I glance back down at the note in my hand. Of course! I see it. John, illuminates what’s hidden once again.
From the moment I met him, the pull was undeniable. I didn’t want to lose it. I fought it, but just like I couldn’t stop looking, I couldn’t keep my heart from falling for him. Once I fell, I couldn’t put those feelings back.
"What?" John pushed his books aside and moved to the edge of the bed. "No. You're certain? I mean, he didn't seem the type."
As John turns onto the next side street, Will knows it’s a huge mistake. A lorry blocks the road ahead— a trap for those foolish enough to wander in. John slows and makes a u-turn jumping a curb, but before he completes it, Will sees three men push an old rusty car into the road, effectively blocking their escape. Mike’s little car faces the three in the standoff on Maria Street. The largest one in the middle swings a jimmybar, the other two, large boards with nails. They look worn, desperate, and dangerous. The one in the center, who’s obviously the leader, lurches forward.
"Worry when you become tired and confused. But you are a doctor and I'm confident you'll recognize the signs of hypothermia." Sherlock grabbed some of the large empty boxes and began breaking them down. He handed me one and gestured for me to do the same. "Cardboard is an excellent insulator."
Blackbeard weaves around and around the legs of Sherlock’s chair, waiting for a hand out. Sherlock slips him a taste of his bacon back, and the cat takes it as an invitation and leaps into Sherlock’s lap for more.
His answer was, what if the files aren’t bogus? He’s gone through them over and over. He can find nothing that makes him believe they are not official.
“I used to call him Willie when he was a boy. I still do although he doesn't like it. As he grew older, he decided he wanted to be called Sherlock.” She seems a bit saddened by this as she leads him down the hallway then halts. “You left something unsaid. You said ‘part of his memory loss.’ You believe there is another reason for my son’s amnesia?”
He's also seen a few stingrays in the shallows, basking in the warmer waters. He's shocked when he witnesses one stingray make dinner of one of the smaller sharks. The water grows red from the shark's blood as the ray skewers the shark with its barb. It is most unsettling.
Even after so many years, John still yearned to have those days back. Every evening, it seemed, there were those hearty sit-down dinners with his mom's melt-in-your-mouth pot roast and creamy mashed potatoes with rich gravy practically dripping off his plate. His mom would become so immersed and delighted in his dad's stories that she'd forget her manners and plant her elbows on the table and look at him with love in her eyes.
"In the morning." She turns. She jingles the keys to the station. "At first light they will be back to pick us up." She retreats inside, taking most of the swarm of mosquitos with her.
, as you say, is not reading a book where I know what's going to happen after the first page, much like that biology textbook you're reading."
“I still have my cane. I use it to keep the closet propped open. I could dig out and lend it to you.”
Opening the bag wider, Sherlock pulled out his potato chips and sandwich. Before he unwrapped it from the wax paper, he sniffed it skeptically.
“Nightmares are nightmares because of the feelings they involve. These aren't nightmares are like yours, John. Mine don’t sound normal. I have others. In them there are no heroic acts or saving lives. I stand and I watch.”
John wonders about “by any means possible.” Was Sherlock expected to make the decision to neutralize the threat all alone? He wonders why Sherlock doesn’t question it as well.
I wake with water thrown in my face. Thank god it’s not the Thames. Yet.  I’m uncertain how long I’ve been unconscious. Norbury grins at me. He’s gloating. Must be that the cement has set up. About twenty minutes.
"Listen, Sherlock, shouldn't you go to the police or something? I mean, if this guy is that dangerous, you need some sort of protection or at least let them know they have a serial killer living off-campus. Go to that Lestrade fellow who keeps calling."
This is what happens to me whenever I get mixed up with anything you do. Just weeks before my wedding, I'm drugged, tied up, and shoved onto a tiny jet, then transferred to a boat that's barely sea-worthy to be locked away in a cabin where I'm tossed and pitched and rolled about like rubbish. I have more bloody bruises than I did that time we fought the Golem. That doesn't even include the twenty-three hours of seasickness every day. The one hour I'm not sick, I'm praying to die because the bed is so hard it cracks my nuts.
I want more than holding hands, although it’s a beginning. I hold on for something more and will not let go until John does. He is the one word, the one person whose commands I obey.
“Knocking me senseless again won’t help,” I say. “I have cement attached to my feet. Did you think I was going to walk over to the dock and jump in?”
After watching it, John is convinced Sherlock has finally gone around the twist. Right before his wedding? Why would he even do it at all? He's actually topped faking his own death by abducting his best friend on the eve of his wedding. For what reason? To bloody save him from his own fiancée?
At least he was in the lower bunk. He’d tossed a coin with his roommate that first day and gotten the lower bed, so that was cool—gave him a spot to secure his electric Fender too. It just fit, wedged between the bed and his dresser.
John hates deceiving Greg, but he understands it might be more convincing to an eavesdropping Sophy. So that means Sherlock will implement the plan at Cardiff Central Station.
"You investigated after you heard Brutus barking and growling in the kitchen," he began. "As you neared the kitchen, those barks and growls became yelps and whimpers. You opened the door to find a grizzly sight: a man standing in the kitchen with the butcher's cleaver in hand, poor Brutus hacked to bits."
Seems Sherlock had better luck. He'd already met some chick named Molly who was infatuated with him. She'd invited herself to their room and mooned over him, making eyes and dropping hints about the wonders of free love that she'd read all about in
“Same ruse, different object. She hands them a hanky. They blow their nose, wipe their face, or back of the neck. She has them.” Will snaps his fingers. “She takes them to the same place. Note the shoes. They all have same sawdust mingled on the soles. There's going to be sawdust at  the crime scene.”
Sherlock can’t help recalling the other words he’d said during his performance. About love. He’s twitching a bit himself overthinking why he even said such a thing. It seemed like an excellent idea when he said it. In retrospect, he may have gone into the not good area.
"Leave. It. Open." I threw my arms out, but she still couldn't see me on the floor behind the curtain. The whoosh of the door slamming again made me even colder.
Sherlock's eyes turned dark. John had seen them change many times over the last weeks, but he'd never seen this stormy transformation. John felt uneasy and a bit, well, turned on.
He stopped, running his finger across the dresser, and cringed before he blew the dust from his hand. “My, my what a lovely place you have.”
“I don’t have time for long stories.” I frown. So, not a joke. Donovan or Gavin have nothing to do with this. “Be quick.”
I stand up and turn back to Lestrade. “The father’s knife wounds are not defensive. He was slashed after he was already unconscious. Also, you’ll find that the blood on the lamp is not the victim’s,” I say. “This is a waste of my time.”
What if that killer is waiting asleep inside him waiting to wake up? Molly isn’t safe. John isn’t safe. Who is he, really? He’s right making this choice. He doesn’t want to believe there’s a monster lurking inside him. Yet there are moments, moments he feels as if he is that monster. He can be cruel. Say cruel things.
He welcomes John as he takes the last step, and they stand toe-to-toe. He wants to stop thinking. John has been so careful of Sherlock since he came home. Like he’s going to break in two.
know what I need now? For someone who didn’t have his memory not so long ago, you sure do know a lot.”
"No. Not in a while. I'm going through a dry spell, I guess." John bit his bottom lip and continued to play his guitar.
Sherlock recalled how he'd felt just before they met that night: the taste in his mouth, how the wet grass smelled under him, the sound of hollow footfalls. He couldn’t get it out of his head. He'd rewound, then replayed so many times in his mind palace since. The way John had used his own spit to make his way. The pain, while perhaps unnecessary, had made it all so much more real. On hands and knees, grunting, moaning, pounding the ground, the torment of pain turning into the torment of pleasure. He wanted nothing so much as he wanted it again. All of it.
as part lake, part quarry, but I think John does that enough in the story. What I do want to do is write a bit about how I wrote this story--a bit of meta processing. This story began long ago as another work that sat in my old desktop computer and never came to fruition. I had part of the first chapter written and that was all. I liked the premise, yet had a hard time where to go with the young protagonists. Although it's a story about John coming out, I wanted a secondary plot. I didn't have it.
John sighed. “You’re right. He lied to me about something serious. I don’t think I can trust him. I’ll probably have to find another roommate.”
is a scene from this book! I've been working on things like this," he waves at the map, "on the basis that I could tell dream from memory, not realizing that my memory can't tell fiction from reality. Which leaves me with—the only other memories, which are—-" Will halts again.
“That’s not true. I know you’re a good person. I don’t understand what makes you believe you aren’t.”
"You're here about last week's heart attack, then? Molly said Hawkins told everyone in hearing distance that it was a poisoning."
“Landlady...she’s... what?! Now how in the bloody hell did you know that?” It’s easy enough to surmise he’s never left, but Mrs. Hudson? That’s brilliant.
“Maybe it’s both,” she suggests. “The world is messed up. I’m surprised more people don’t walk around without memories. I sure would love to forget the last two years.” The nurses at the desk listening in on their conversation nod in agreement
He found her, Mary Morstan, hired assassin and part-time lab assistant, her limp body whipping back and forth in the wind. She hung by both legs. He thought he might be too late. Her eyes were open and lifeless, her black hood had fallen off her head into the drift below her.
Will worries he’s upset him. He knew it was a bad idea! John sits back across from Will and continues the game. He doesn’t act angry. Just a bit sad. He picks up the dice and throws, but he’s quiet. Will thinks he kept a lot to himself that he could have revealed. But he didn’t. He’s glad to know these things just the same. That John came to Cardiff to forget, yet he keeps mementos all around him so that he won’t. That Mary liked lilies; she kept them in the vase on that very same table, the water ring beneath. That there are days when John puts his service revolver to his head. He saw a few blond and grey hairs in the hammer, but he hasn’t pulled the trigger because there are people who still need him. People like Will. Finally, that John keeps a journal on his laptop to help him cope. It’s open, and at a glance, he’d read the page. It’s about him, and for some strange reason, it makes Will glad.
John is climbing on and off the chair again. Stepping up. My god in heaven. I give myself away by gaping at him.
While washing windows and speaking to Mycroft would usually be moved to the next day’s list, I must attend to them. John keeps insisting that we need to help Mrs. Hudson more often, and no sense putting it off further. As for Mycroft, I’m sure he won’t give me a direct answer. Although he never bothers with the “caring is not an advantage” anymore. He’s long since proved he doesn’t follow his own credo. Mycroft cares too much about my well-being and especially Rosie’s. At times he even appears to care for John.
need to know,” Sherlock interrupts. “I need him to know. We will tell John it all. We have determined how to set the trap,” Sherlock begins as he turns to John.
"Stop!" Steven said, cutting him off. "I was horny, you were there. Convient. That's all you were to me. A hot mouth, a hand job. We never had sex, and if you ever tell anyone we did, I will fucking kill you."
"Rape me? No. I agreed, agreed to it all. But that isn't why I'm concerned for your safety. Just telling you this, it puts you at risk. He's, well, murdered people. He's actually what you'd call a serial killer. He rather enjoys it all."
His eyes go to an old stuffed bear, toy pirate sword and hat along with a magnifying glass set in a cherished space on a well-used walnut writing desk. Next to the bed against the wall rests a violin case. A large mahogany bookcase lines the wall parallel to it.
His mind circles and circles back around and around. He’s worried and not worried about Sophy taking John. He knows she will not harm John as long as Sherlock is of value to her. The trick is to get her on his side. To get her to reveal who is behind her. Or if she even knows. She may not realize what she does know.
some clothes missing, so it's taking far longer than usual to calm her down. John listens with half an ear and then hurries off mid-complaint with mumbled advice to check Lost and Found, no doubt cementing the reputation of surgeons as arrogant prats. Bother. He'll worry about that later.
“Oh, but he did. James ordered him to do it. Sherlock must prove that he is loyal. You are the test. All he has to do is push the button.”
Then she quit speaking. I’ve hypothesized the causes, microscopically examined each moment before she shut herself off from the world. I’ve dissected each movement, each syllable from her lips. No matter what the stimulus, she no longer answered or acknowledged anyone or anything. I was invisible. Seeing her hollow left me hollow on every visit.
Finally, he was to East Hall. He walked up the steps and in the doors. He shook his head like a rain-soaked dog, and water sprayed out around him. It was good to get inside where it was warm.
John felt a large hand grip tightly around his wrist. Startled, John yanked it back as if he had touched fire, but a second later, John reached around, grasping the man's long, hard cock in his hand, pumping it.
don’t you end of being one of them with your senseless questions about my past. I had such high hopes for you.”
"Hello, I’m here to take care of you," he says to me and winks. The doctor turns to Rodrick. "I don't care what your master wants. It's happening."
“It has an altogether different effect on me,” John admits. Sherlock head pops up. He takes six long strides to John in his chair, then falls to his knees between John's legs and lays his head on John’s right thigh while his bow hand creeps up the other.
Sherlock fixes his eyes out the window. It’s mid-morning and fog still shrouds the grounds. Narrowing down where the reclusive Lord Blackwood is hiding, will take more time, but Sherlock is almost certain he is hidden in plain sight. Somewhere he can covertly perform the machinations necessary to manipulate his empire. It takes far less time to find him than he predicted. Sherlock smiles. He has him!
John listens to the conversation Sherlock’s having with the people at the front desk of the tower. He’s about to get himself thrown out when he’s on the move again. He’s going out of the building and around to the back into an adjoining shop of some sort.
John should be checking the note soon. His trust in John finding it is steadfast. He expects his mobile to vibrate with a message from John or Mycroft at any time. He imagines Mycroft’s irritation when he finds Sherlock has gone off to meet Sophy on his own. Sherlock feels that satisfaction again. Maybe it’s because he recalls Mycroft always trying to steal his thunder as a child, or how he lost a sense of trust in his older brother when Mycroft abandoned him when he left for university.
“You know why,” I say. “They thought they needed the money to run away. Your husband disapproved of your daughter's boyfriend, forbidding her to see him. They planned to just leave the fake ransom note, but your husband found it on the table in the foyer when he came home from work early. He heard a crash from upstairs, dropped his keys, and rushed to your daughter’s bedroom. Your daughter and boyfriend had already ripped through the room, throwing the bedspread and sheets off the bed, brushing objects off tables, breaking the mirror and lamp in an attempt to make it look as if there was a struggle. Poor attempt, obviously staged. The broken lamp was thrown against the wall.”
"She can? Well made? My arm is the work of an artist! A work of unequaled craftsmanship! It isn't any
“Healer and soldier at your service.” John shifts around to look back at him. Any excuse to take in more of what’s around them. And Sherlock.
“Since you came into my life, I no longer feel that way.” Yes, his cheeks continue to warm, but a part of him welcomes it.
It’s the story of us. How can he not understand it? Mary must have known when she read it, when my sister handed it to her.
He doesn’t understand his sudden need for John to care. Or maybe he’s misreading his responses. Maybe it’s not about John. Maybe he has a past fear of riding in cars. He’s ridden in a car before may times, he’s sure. As he hurries into the passenger seat and shuts the door, he determines the cause of all his nervous energy. It is John. Close proximity to Dr. John Watson. How had he missed this? He gives concise direction to the attic, afraid to say much else.
“He said you’d be suspicious,” she said. “He told me to tell you this: ‘Don’t be angry. He will make it up to you. He said that he’ll make you Cambell’s tomato soup served with Ritz crackers, but this time he’d make sure not to burn his hand.”
"Yes, goodbye," he answers what he assumes are their farewell good wishes. He feels a bit of relief to have no "minders" any longer.
“Not yet. I want to make sure it’s set properly, but this should quiet him,” says Norbury. I flinch since it’s easy to see it coming. Another solid crack to the other side of my face. Right in the eye. This time I don’t have to intentionally rock the chair; it jerks back on it’s own. The world spins, then goes dark.
Mycroft ignores John, turns to one of his men, takes a hanky the man is offering, and wipes the blood from his mouth. “I do believe my front tooth is loose.”
He rolled back off the bed and, with a twist, landed flat-footed onto the pine floor. Foot covering was a must unless one was a masochist who loved large splinters. The boards groaned in disappointment as he walked to the window in his shoes.
“John, I know it must be awful getting robbed and shot, then on top of it all, losing your roommate. But you’ve got friends who care.”
He’s does shut it, for a bit. He’s trying his best not to wring his hands or fidget. He needs to start over— say something
Some were going out of state. Like Pete. Although Ball State wasn't that far, John doubted he'd ever see him much again. They'd never been that close. He planned to be a lawyer and that was so far from what John wanted that he knew their paths were unlikely to cross.
One CCTV camera merges to another as he continues to walk. It seems Mycroft’s men have spliced together the footage which follows Sherlock to a business near the harbor. He hides behind discarded shipping crates as three men pass by.
"Lie still. You need to heal. The semi-blood seal was broken. Infection that set in was life threatening. You are very fortunate."
Even now it’s easy to close my eyes and see how John did it. It’s easy to imagine him. I’ve seen John take control so many times. John stealthily moves from behind, and before the suspect knows what’s happening, John has the man’s arm wrenched behind his back, and the suspect is flat on the floor. Then he snaps on the handcuffs he’s not supposed to have. My heart races everytime he does it. I’m sorry I had missed it.
I close my eyes. This is so hard for me to tell him. How do I tell him that Mary planned to fake her death?
“When will you stop using that premise to get me to a crime scene?” I watch the mother as I begin to tap along the wall. “Here. There’s a hidden panel obscured by the ridges in the wall.”
They walked side-by-side in companionable silence. The storm had finished and the clouds gone from the night sky. In its place a half moon looked down on them as they walked around puddles on the sidewalks. By the time they’d reached the dorm, John had plenty of time to think about what he was going to say to Sherlock. Except he still wasn’t sure what it would be.
I place the note open on the coffee table and slide it in Mycoft’s direction. He merely glances at it. I had already sent him pictures on my mobile along with a few images of Batman, who’s sitting at our kitchen table.
Sherlock spins around, facing John, and cups his chin, brushing his finger through his beard. "There is something more I wish to do with you, here while we're alone together."
John felt a bit of relief when Moran turned his gun away from Sherlock. He’d rather be in the sharp-shooter’s sights than have Sherlock in danger.
“I don’t know what my habits are,” he snaps, and is immediately sorry. John’s face falls, then quickly adds, “but I’m sure they’re worse than yours.” He bites his own lip. Like saying that will help! But it does. Will watches the corner of John’s lips curl up.
“Something about inside information regarding a few of my department,” Greg says. “But Sherlock didn’t say who or give any specifics.”
“Sadly, there are no bears. If there were, they would be hibernating,” Sherlock paused. He’d been waiting for Mycroft to tell him. It seemed Mycroft enjoyed drawing it out. “What do you hear from John?”
“He’s exceptional at this job and although some of the staff think he’s a bit of an arse,” Beca tells Anthea. “I like him though. He brings what’s wrong in this world to our attention.”
John thinks, and not for the first time, that it’s not the best idea to chat up the hospital director. John likes to keep in mind that it’s helpful to know that she likes to model herself as some kind of business leader — complete with the catchphrases. He walked in on her the other day to find her irritated because she couldn't figure out a way to get everything on a list to start with a
“I do say, we might want to do some redecorating.” Sherlock walks out into the livingroom and struts around, hands behind his back.
To punctuate his point, he slams my head into the stucco wall behind me. Curiously, the force of the blow sharpens my thinking, not clouds it.
“This is getting old— all this cloak and dagger. False names and all that. You must have worked for my brother.”
"It is. So-o good. And I do have what you call the munchies. I smoked some cannabis with Wiggins not long ago."
...was always picking up something odd then like Crocodile burgers and Kiwi berries. The odd stuff now is usually produce that's gone a bit off. But back to my day. I was checking the eggs when Molly yelled. On the way to Tesco, she’d been telling us more details about the fake doctor, talking about almost nothing else. I told them I was certain the thief and this imposter must be one and the same. They pointed out I didn't have any proof. Which is also what Beca Bellin said, and was true, but I hadn't caught the thief yet. I was determined to catch this, guy, though. Which, considering that I was walking with a cane and he wasn't, shows that maybe I was a bit beyond reason at that moment.
John took her number. “Thanks. I will.” He turned around and began walking away, then stopped and did an about-face. “Um, Mary?”
between John's legs, and long fingers spread apart his arse. The lotion they've been using for hand jobs is cool against his pucker. Then Sherlock's long form bends over to kiss him. It's off-kilter, messy, awkward, and incredibly arousing. His hands roam down John’s side and around to his waiting cock while his other hand brushes over his pucker and pushes inside.
and skimmed the headlines. He had just swung his backpack over his shoulder farther so he could open up the paper and read the next section when a headline caught his eye: "I-94 Rest Area Sting Operation in Progress after Recent Murder."
Maybe his roommate was the obsessed madman that Moriarty told John about. Sherlock’s brother seemed to think the same. Was it Moriarty’s plan to put them in the same room together, not Sherlock’s design?
“Hot!” he yelped. He still managed not to drop the pot despite the throbbing pain. “I think the bottom is only scorched. It should still be edible.”
He picked up a folder and began to read. So often university studies relied on the student population for their samples, which puts the wider application of such research into question. The test subjects had already been selected, and pains had been taken to make sure that the cross-sections were as unbiased as possible. It wasn’t a random sampling, but as stratified as possible.
Sherlock did take whatever his brother gave him, but he’d never heard Sherlock ask for a thing from Mycroft.
My hands fumbled around the door until I found the handle. I gave it two solid pushes, then two more, but it wouldn't budge. My next move was to get a small running start and hurl my body against the bloody door while shouting obscenities.
John chewed his lip. That Sherlock never quite looked like he belonged in this world didn’t help at all. Moran hated him. Moriarty coveted him. The other people in the room didn’t even matter. What did matter was that John loved him, and he couldn’t risk having Moran put a bullet in his head. He didn’t think Moriarty would allow Moran to shoot Sherlock, but he couldn’t chance it. Mary began moaning—someone who definitely didn’t count. Still, he didn’t want her dead. Another moan came from her. Must be she was finally regaining consciousness.
John reached over and took Sherlock's pulse. It was slower than normal, but John knew heart rate lowered with meditation, and that seemed to be what Sherlock was doing. A coping mechanism for being over-stimulated, John supposed.
John nods once and gulps. "Gah! Yes." His leg muscles tremble and his shoulder twinges a bit, but his wrists don't hurt. He wouldn’t bloody notice if they did.
“This should slow you down if you try to escape,” John said as he secured him with rope through the aluminum loop on the kitchen table leg.
I'd seen patients with this before. They were unable to store new memories, which explained the note and her obsessively referencing it. That's why she hadn't really presented a typical picture of shock. It also most likely explaining her staring up at the stairs. Her long-term memory expecting someone from her past to appear there. A parent, a sibling.
Mycroft’s eyes light up for a second time. “That is a most superior choice,” he says as he opens the door. “You may keep him, but do teach him better manners. Until next time, dear brother.”
"You are not alone, are you little brother?" Mycroft said. "Keeping it from your new roommate. Tisk, tisk. Sherlock, this is no way to begin a relationship," Mycroft chided.
me,” Sherlock continues his rant. “I can’t DO IT ANYMORE! I can't pretend to look at him all moon-eyed.” Each word he underlines with loathing as he spreads his arms and twists his body in disgust. Sherlock stops and bends over at the waist then straightens.
"I believe that's why Mycroft sent me to this godforsaken place." She crosses her arms and frowns at the two of them, then wrinkles her nose. "Mycroft is convinced this is the only way to pass on a sensitive message."
I begin to shake and do not try to hide it. While I have to use some of my acting skills to convince Paylar, this is not pretense. In fact, I believe I am about to lose consciousness. Even Paylar notices. I clutch my coat for security.
“Sophy, you are making a mistake,” Sherlock says through the pain. “This is not about the past. Think of now. I am a asset you can not ignore. Think of all I can give you.”
“Yes, you only need me. Now be a good boy and tell John Watson that you no longer need him. Vatican Cameos, remember?”
There were also two newspapers on the desk that hadn't been there this morning. Sherlock stepped closer. One of the papers was folded in half and the headline facing up revealed the answer for John's recalcitrance.
After as John looks up at the man he loves more than life, he can’t help thinking this is the best Christmas gift he’s ever had.
Easy enough to distract those within and slip into the storage area where, just as he suspected, easy access through a service panel. He finds himself on a stairwell that takes him to an upper parking ramp. His ankle is hot and swollen. When he put his shoe on earlier, it barely fit, and when he pressed his fingers into his flesh, an indentation remained. He pushes on, ignoring the pain.
“He’s a bit abrasive, but he also has this charm about him, don’t you think?” Molly says, smiling brightly at John.
Sherlock inches up John’s inner thigh between John’s legs. All John can think of is how seconds before those hands were on the violin. He wants to be that violin.
He’s not sure if Will read his blog, but he suspects he did. It was the last thing open last night when he finally went to bed. He doesn’t know how he feels about Will knowing his personal fears revealed there. Suddenly John sees that thinking about all this sitting across the table from Will is just as revealing.
“Good Morning, Doctor Watson,” echo the volunteers in Mike’s same stage whisper. Five sets of curious eyes take in the room: the bed with its unconscious occupant hooked up to monitors, John in the same chair he sat down in last night. And the same scrubs, which feel more wrinkled with every passing second.
Sherlock thinks that fairly good admission of guilt that he has more than just some of his memory back, but she’s not following that line of thought. Sophy is off somewhere else.
This chapter continues on with my fix it for the aquarium scene and delves into Mary's part in it all.
"Don't. Stop. Don't stop." He pleads, half giggling. He’s not sure how far to go with this little game. "Not
“This is all that I hoped for and a day earlier than expected,” she says. “First, the justice of losing your memory, and who you are! Sherlock Holmes, the great detective! I only wish that would have happened to Mycroft, but we can’t have everything. I just knew I’d see you again, Mycroft. How long has it been?”
When I told Mike her idea, he reminded me of my need for a flatmate. I wondered why I hadn’t thought of it!
Not that John would ever blame Sherlock for pretending. God knows, John hates the fussiness of wedding planning yet he insists he's enjoying it. Sherlock knows that. Mary must. As Sherlock has told him so many times before, he's bad at hiding his feelings. He flinches, thinking about being left out of something he doesn't really want to be a part of.
“The Batman outfit has nothing to do with me or your niece's birthday. True, you wore it there for the costume party, but you’ve had it for some time. The costume is not rented. It belongs to you, and you secretly put it on during, shall I say, intimate situations with your partner. That is why you were snatched from the party. It was a way for Norbury to degrade you and put in your place.”
John sniffed. Despite it all, he was still attracted to Sherlock. The swanky bastard had given John the most erotic dreams of his entire life, for Chrissake. Sure, Sherlock had pursued him, but it wasn’t as if Sherlock was some letcher preying on him.
She sees the recognition in his eyes and takes his limp hand and shakes it. “Marilyn Rebeca Moriarty. Pleased to formally meet you at last. I only wish my brother could witness this. Me besting you instead of him.”
"Look," he sighs as he opens the break room door. "This one's not an easy one. I know you take your oath seriously, but—  I also don't think you'd have brought up the subject if there wasn't anything you could say. If there's anything you feel would be in the public interest for me to know, I could— respond in kind."
John slaps his knees and laughs. “I bet they do. I don’t adhere to voodoo. You’re most likely very observant and intuitive. You many have forgotten the process as to how you come to your conclusions, but you still do it. Kind of like a plane on autopilot.”
Oh, Edna St Vincent Millay. There are so many reasons I adore you. Your creative genius as a poet and playwright inspired me when I was young. I still cry when I read "The Ballad of the Harp Weaver" aloud to my classes. Your social conscience is conveyed in that poem and so many of your other works. You were a strong feminist activist and openly bisexual. You were a woman who proudly stood your ground. Your sonnets remain some of the very best of any modern poets. That is why I chose this poem. For you, Edna.
"I've always been here. I camped over on the east side. I wasn't certain if you were up to speaking to me, which was confirmed by what you'd written and stuffed inside that bottle."
He finished and had just slipped the slide in and adjusted the coarse focus when the door hinges groaned. Sherlock didn’t even have to look up from the microscope to know who entered.
John's flat is lovely, but too big for one person. He disparaged his furniture, but it doesn't match things Mrs. Hudson would pick, based on her outfit and her age, so it's almost certainly his. But not all of it is to his taste. John is used to living with other people. Also, he wants to take care of people — obvious from being a doctor, but not every doctor would have worried about his patients safety in police custody, as John expressed to Mike when he thought Will was unconscious. John considers the feelings of the hospital staff. He is lonely, empathetic, and a caretaker. That's a fairly easy angle to play, Will thinks. Probably fairly simple to express some sort of emotional vulnerability — something John has likely to have experienced in the past. Find a reason to touch his hands. John is a surgeon and apparently quite a marksman— he's likely to think about his hands more than the average person.
“Probably.” She leaned across the desk and brushed her finger against his jacket. “You  are drenched. Take off that jacket, and I’ll hang it up back here.”
“That’s the key to the treasure chest.” She laughs. It’s the first time John’s heard her laugh. It reminds him of Sherlock’s.
With a flick of his wrist, Sherlock drizzles more ice cream onto John's bollocks. He sets the bowl aside, and with a devious smile, laps across his bollocks before taking the right testicle into his mouth and gently sucking.
"Are you talking about Moriarty or yourself?" Or Sherlock, but John keeps that quip to himself. He's never really believed that and he hates jokes at Sherlock's expense. He's the only one allowed that privilege. Well, and Mary. He definitely has no intention of belittling Sherlock in Irene Adler's presence.
He couldn't get the thought of that rest stop out of his head—that men met there for sex. After he got his drivers' license, he'd find himself driving into the rest stop whenever he went by. He told himself it was only to see what it was like. Behind plexiglas, a map of Michigan showed the stop's location circled with the words "You are HERE." Like he didn't know.
Except … he was no longer in a bean bag chair, and there was no Snoopy banner hanging on the wall, but there was Mary. Why was he in Mary’s dorm room with Sebastian Moran? Oh, yeah. He was drugged.
Blowing out a trail of gray smoke, he shot yet another glance at the bathroom stall wall. The words were still there. No one had carved over them. The words screamed out at John, but would someone actually answer them? Once again, he felt the strong pull—his secret need—a pull stronger than any other he'd felt in his life.
John nods his head, but he adds nothing. No comments about his sexuality. He’s not bothered to address it. In fact, it’s been years since he’s bothered to say a word at other’s innuendos. Instead a small smile plays on John’s lips. I think he finally understands the sting his words had on me, or is it possible that he cares for me on a deeper level? A rush of hope takes hold of me once again.
During the ride, I go into my mind palace. I make myself review the events of that day at the aquarium. I’ve re-lived this in my memories, in my nightmares, but I’ve never taken it apart like I should have. I know that now. I wanted to forget it. I force myself to rewind it. I take what happened apart frame by frame. The flickering blue, the fire of the gun. My utter shock. As it plays in my mind palace, a voice narrates. For the first time, it’s not Mary’s.
They open the red and black wool blanket John brought, and John pulls out the the small feast he’s planned. Croissants and ham with cheeses. Apples and grapes along with some wine. Although Sherlock’s mind is more on what’s to come, he bends over and kisses John on his wine-stained lips. He admires how the sun brings out the red in John’s lashes and the splash of freckles on his face. It’s enough to make Sherlock want a bit of privacy.
God, Moriarty. He wondered if Sherlock kissed Moriarty. Probably. While John did feel a twinge of jealousy at the thought, he couldn't help but laugh to himself as he walked. The idea read like one of the stories in his mom's true detective rags: "I Made Out with a Psychopathic Killer."
"He said you're the one obsessed." John tried his best to keep any hint of judgment out of his voice.
It had been two days since Sherlock witnessed John's wet dream, two days since Sherlock discovered Moriarty's unwelcome appearance, and two days of waiting.
“Let you go? In this case, not go through with Mary faking her courageous death scene,” I say. “You speak as if you gave Mary a choice between betraying you and life, and she chose betraying you. That is not what happened.”
"With no internet presence? And I understand the lab equipment in the morgue — unlikely knowledge for a designer."
The kicker is that before they leave for the day, Molly asks Sherlock how she looks. At first it seems an unnecessary question, then he sees it’s sincere, and she’s looking for more than a superficial response.
to remember how his hips twitched for more, how John's hand soothed his back, how John's breath on his neck heated Sherlock's very soul. He had never experienced an orgasm that made him tingle or his toes curl that way. Never. He didn't want to tear that part of
Mycroft and Sherlock take shots at each over sips of brandy as John takes swigs from his own snifter and admires the twelve foot Nordic spruce. It’s adorned with rainbow twinkle lights and old handmade ornaments from Mycroft and Sherlock’s childhood with a few that John suspects are Eurus’.
It was boredom and instinct. I can't blame it all on the hindbrain. Boredom drives me. It is the curse that compels me to do what I never intend.
"Either my past is revealed by Magnussen to John," she says, "or I finish the job I was hired to do." Her expression doesn't change. It's flat, emotionless.
“I should shoot you. But I promised your brother I’d keep you safe if I ever found you. Ironic that I do and it’s to find Mycroft.” She nudges it into his temple. “And Dr. Watson, look how you care for him. Not letting us near him. Not going inside. You’re lucky that we need to find your big brother. I guess I won’t blow your brains out here.”
Captain Obvious lifts her foot. "Huh." She pulls the letter out of her breast pocket and begins to hand it to John.
"Of course he did. And it is true that I did dabble. I found that cocaine focused my mind. After I began working with Lestrade, I quit. The inspector refused to let me work with him while I used. If you are concerned, I haven't used much since. Only a few times when my mind required it."
people! Do you know how that set the world free? Me free? Not be subjected to a world filled with blithering idiots!”
“Is that all. Hmm. I will have to call you that more often so that you don’t have issues. There will be times, however, that I’ll want to get your heart racing.”
“I should punch you for that note,” he says checking Sherlock’s eyes closer. “I wasn’t far from Mike’s door when some of her men ambushed me.”
Did you wear protection? Did you even think about diseases? Gonorrhea? Syphilis? But of course Sherlock knew he was the man's first. Every cell in Sherlock's body knew it was. And after he came to know John Watson, all doubt was removed. He was his first. It was completely obvious.
“I need a bit of help. A mission for you. It’s simple, but not without danger.” She hands him one of the folders, but as Sherlock reaches out and grasps it, she doesn’t let go. “It’s outlined here. Read it. Thoroughly.”
“I know the whole of my life now, John. What I was before, what I am now. I am not the same, and it’s because of you. It’s always you, John Watson. You make me right. My past is a part of me, but I want what’s before me to have you in it.”
But my plan falls apart. Our usual sitter isn’t answering her mobile, and Molly is working at Bart’s.
“Oi! Give me that quilt!” John flails around, trying to get back what Sherlock’s pulled off him. “Go back to sleep. We can talk about it
“Oh, this,” he gazes down at his outfit. “Sorry, it’s not like I had the opportunity to change,” he says. He pushes past me and begins up the stairs.
“First I’m kidnapped from the birthday party before they even serve the cake, then I’m tied up and thrown into the boot of a car and left there all night, and then they took me out this morning only to give these stupid instructions. They threw me back in the boot and let me out on the street. I’m to deliver a message.”
“I need you to draw Ms. Kratides out of her inner circle. If we expose them in a public manner, there can be no mistaking where the blame rests. After that, I can tie up any loose ends.”
"Look, John," Sherlock points out at the ocean. "There it is again! Do you think it's swimming off to its mate?"
And swans, I think. My eyes lift to reach for John’s blue depths. They meet. He’s swallowing rapidly.
She stepped back stiffly from the doorway to reveal a woman who looked like she had come out of another time. Short brown hair was tamed into tight waves with one lock that dipped down over her left eyebrow. She was buttoned up tight in a dated grey wool suit that smelled of mothballs. The large scarab brooch that she wore on her collar looked very old—a family piece—silver with gold and what looked to be sapphires and rubies.
He wants to marry Mary. He does. But he needs some space. He shouldn't be resenting Sherlock for recognizing that.
The first section of the chapter wasn’t written until this week. The last half was written this summer. It's so exciting and a bit sad having this so close to the end. During those lazy days when we were first creating this, little did we know how well loved this story would become. We are grateful to all of those who have followed along and all those who come to it now and read it in one long shot. Thank you for all of the Kudos and comments along the way.
Sherlock spins around, arms dramatically out. He’s a dancer, so he embraces it. A graceful pirouette. His coat obeys: it billows as he twirls and ripples in waves around him. “Come out! Come out wherever you are!” he bellows, then stops spinning.
“Right then. I’ll get you discharged. My shift ends in an hour.” He turns to leave, then thinks twice. “You should know that Mrs. Hudson, our landlady, often walks in without knocking. Also I have nightmares. Sometimes I scream and break— things. Lamps and such.“
And her hands, the tiny calluses on her fingers. From friction. A hand gun. John must have noticed. And she’d recently fired a rifle. She had a tiny bruise under her eye and not from trapshooting. Every movement and mannerism screamed she was not  American. Like Moriarty, she oozed genius. She’d dissected Sherlock methodically.
Here’s the new chapter with some background John and Sherlock with a touch of voyeuristic indulgence on Sherlock’s part. Thank you to Recently Folded who continues to push me to strengthen my stories.
"Yes, but we needed to avoid the sensitive wildlife area. We promised not to go within 30 meters of it."
I balance there, holding on and holding very still, hoping that the weight of my upper body doesn’t drag me completely over the edge.
"Hardly. But it has been impressive. We need to be sure you've eliminated the last of the poison, though."
“Careful, it’s a high explosive. Detonation will be rather messy,” she said, tapping the pen on the pad again.
Sherlock spent much of his free time walking the woods. He came upon only two other homes; the rest of the area was a forest of large hardwoods, brush, and swamp land. Hunting season was the end of November, but Mycroft had cautioned him that poachers might be about. He came across a few deer trails but no sign of human footprints and only a few snowmobile trails that the snow quickly covered over. He hiked to a dirt road that had been plowed recently, then turned back. He understood his boundaries.
Through it all, Sherlock just grimaces and acts a bit uncomfortable. John feels it too— not from sillys stories, but from memories of the night before and wondering what happens next. He thinks of ways he’d like to kiss those lips again. When Greg mentions some cold case Sherlock cracked, John switches to more current topics of interest, which unfortunately returns Greg to Anthea and Sophy.
Sherlock's shoulders sag. "Very well. We could pretend that you're Sherlock Holmes and I'm John Watson, and that you know nothing of sex whatsoever, and I, Three Continents Watson, must instruct you."
Sorry this chapter took so long. Real life getting in the way (a lot of us have had this happen lately). Here it is!
The phone broke John's concentration, and Sherlock noticed how John raised an eyebrow as Sherlock uncharacteristically raced to pick up the phone.
John takes the coffee. “‘Overnight observations’ were the inside of my eyelids more than not, at least after Mrs. Roberts down the hall dropped off about two. Before that it was the usual ‘someone’s been in my room, someone’s taking my things’ round she gets into. Thank god for the night nurse. I swear the nursing home sends her over here just to get her out of their hair.” He sips. “Molly’s doing the blood-borne safety stuff in person? Isn’t there a video...something? Not like she likes lecturing.”
“I never thought I would be castigated for choosing the name of a pet,” Sherlock says, raising an eyebrow.
Sherlock rushed John. All those hours of practicing card tricks kept his hands fast and nimble. He covertly reached into his Belstaff’s deep pocket and retrieved a penknife from its depths. He swept his arms around John, tightly hugging him. One hand stealthily slipped open the penknife, and he hooked it neatly under one strap. With a flick of his wrist, he cut it clean through. Sherlock worked his act. A bit of misdirection was needed. His other hand swung the remote around.
Then I fell and Mary happened. From the start, he knew I, Sherlock Holmes, had a heart. He even thought I gave it away to Irene Adler. He still thinks this despite that I’ve told him the contrary.
Mary was clever. She believed she was as clever as me. Cleverer. The ultimate test for her would be to fool me, but to do that she needed help. Eurus. That was Mary’s fatal mistake.
“Good choices. You know my son well,” she says and stands up and begins to collect what he needs from the room. She hands him Benny Bear, then his violin, his real violin.
Fortunately, his roommate didn’t seem to have much, other than clothes and books. Lots of books. The guy didn’t seem to mind much taking the upper bunk, though. He'd said he preferred it after the toss. If these first few days were any indication, his roommate wouldn’t be sleeping in it much anyway. John wasn't even sure that his roommate ever slept.
He has nightmares of sand and blood. Part of it's his past; the other part is the novel he read about this island. It all melds together. A crack of a rifle and hard thud to the ground. Blinding pain that shoots from his shoulder to his fingertips. Then another series of dreams seep in. All repetitious. Tedious, as Sherlock would say. Dreams where John dabs salve all over Sherlock's arms and legs. He's done it so much in the past, it's a part of their shared history. Instead of wounds it's mosquito bites. He sleeps fitfully through the dreams. He's unsure how many times he wakes to Sherlock forcing water or his nasty salty hydration stuff down him. He is sure that Sherlock hasn't left his side. He helps him get up to piss on more than one occasion. He's always hovering beside the bed when he wakes—curls unruly and wild from the humidity of the ocean air along with white worry-lines creasing his lobster-red face.
As they walk among the dark sand, pebbles and slippery seaweed covered rocks on the low tide land bridge across the Bristol Channel to the title island, Sherlock recalls this same walk as a child. The adventure!
John closes his eyes. He’s avoided this question in his own mind time and again since he met this man. How can you love someone who doesn’t even know who he is? Oh, but John does know who he is, doesn’t he?! He’s the same as the man who stayed in this room— who carved a secret compartment into a book of
The sun comes up. I know the windows need cleaning. I can see streaks and shadows the light casts as it filters through. I caught Mrs. Hudson on her tip-toes standing up on one of her wooden kitchen chairs, washing them last Tuesday. I made her climb down and scolded her.
“I’m glad when you had the repairs done on the flat you and Mrs. Hudson decided on using these refurbished windows. Are you sure you’re okay?” John asks.
"I'm here to interview a patient, actually. Molly probably told you about him — impersonated a doctor? Shouted to everyone that Sir Arthur's wife had poisoned him? Quite the turn-up. I'll try to catch you after."
Will sits in the passenger seat and says nothing except hello the whole ride to hospital, his eyes scanning the streets as if he’s never seen them. It’s a bit odd. Molly and Mike politely try to include him, but all they get are grunts and nods. John almost decides to tell them about the run in yesterday with the three thugs to draw Will into the conversation, but doesn’t. The telling would sound a bit boastful. It’s just not him. It’s a tale best told over poker and a few pints. It occurs to John that Will’s been preoccupied since they’d left the flat. What if he’d found something on the internet? He glances over again. Will’s fingers are steepled under his chin and his eyes are no longer tracking the store fronts.
“I know you and Lestrade are good friends,” Sherlock says. “I hope what I do will not compromise your
His friend could be correct— this mystery man has been unconscious far too long. John has seen head injuries far less severe that left the victims brain dead. Yet there’s plenty of brain activity going on. As Mike turns to leave, John notices sheets at the end of the bed move and his long toes peeking out stretch.
“Suddenly, the door to the chamber swung open,” I tell John. “Where was a good cyanide capsule when you needed it?”
The intensity builds, the bed springs squeak, the burning and warmth well up inside. He needs this. John needs him.
John frowned down at it. He shouldn’t have abused the phone, but according to Sherlock, this Mycroft asshole had paid for the phone and answering machine. At this moment, he didn't give one fuck if he broke the damn thing.
They spent the next couple of hours going through the files and drinking too much coffee. John found himself actually laughing and almost forgetting Sherlock.
As he lies back, he looks up into Sherlock's face. His sunburn has mellowed, a change from the creamy white complexion. The freckles that are sprinkled across those cheekbones bleed together, and red highlights shimmer in his dark hair.
Sherlock smiles. It's a slow smile, one that carries pain and pulls at the corner of his lips. A smile that calls to John and pulls at a hidden place deep inside his chest. One that makes John wrap his arms around Sherlock and want to never, ever let go.
A twinge of disappointment crept through Sherlock when he opened the door to his dorm room and saw John asleep. As Sherlock quietly clicked the door shut and crept up to the bed, John's lashes fluttered.
John wonders why Sherlock has waited to bring this up. Why wait until they were in the middle of the most heavily-forested part of the island to ask him this when he could have asked while they were shut in the boat during that monsoon of a downpour?
He takes one last look at his attic home, his hodge-podge cushion bed, his sketches of people from his mind, then he hands a crate to John and picks up the other. John steps down the ladder first, and Will shuts the trapdoor. He’s glad he left his sketches on the walls to keep the boxes company. It’s only clapboard, but it’s people’s lives: Children’s handmade Christmas ornaments wrapped in newspaper and bubble wrap.
But what if Sherlock arranged it and put them together as roommates? Some grand experiment. He claimed that it wasn’t, but it’s Sherlock. How could Sherlock resist trying to turn his roommate’s proclivities to men? That would mean that every tiny brush of Sherlock’s hand and every touch of his knee was part of some game Sherlock was playing. Thinking back, every subtle and not-so subtle come-on, told John it was possible. Sherlock’s obvious innuendos came to mind, from slow motion licking of his fingers to his suggestive, rumbling words: “What would you do? Spank me?”
I follow him into the living room. John sits down heavily in his chair. I take a seat on the sofa and lean forward, waiting for John to begin.
“Leave Mycroft out of this,” Sherlock said, playing along because to what lengths might James go if he can’t use his usual methods?
“I’ll talk to Director Bellin, but you’re right. She already knows he’s here. Even though she does have a shrewd business mind, she has a soft heart for outcasts, and I think this guy might be one.”
A part of him understood Sherlock’s need to reach out like he did. It’s easier to hide who and what you are than to admit the truth. Sherlock appeared to be comfortable with his sexuality, but he was hardly comfortable with himself. His passions, his intellect, his need for companionship, Sherlock revealed that part of himself to Moriarty. And that was exactly what hurt John most—he’d finally trusted enough to open up to Sherlock in the same way, only to find his trust was misguided.
“We don’t. The cat has us. You should have already met him,” John says. “Being that you’ve been here to see Sherlock.” The black cat stretches, then curls around Greg’s ankle and rubs its whiskery face against Greg’s leg.
Chuckling, John tips his head up to kiss him. Sherlock's lips cover his, and what begin as the usual soft, delicate pecks grow deeper.
“I knew that you were going to ask me questions. I abhor questions. I hate this. Your answer? I took your money. Taking possessions from others result in negative consequences. I don’t relish being in the custody of the police, who I’m sure you’ve already called. It’s also a possible reason why you’ve kept me here. I obviously cannot pay.” He sighs and closes his eyes in dismissal. “The police will ask questions are far worse! So tedious.”
John enjoyed his first classes. Most were interesting, but having a hundred or more students in one class was overwhelming. Every day he sat some where different. He'd made no real connection to anyone except in Biology in the Kraus building with his lab partners.
I see something else in his face. Not just anger. Concern, worry. “It is perfectly safe.” I assure him. “I will see you at home.”
“Excellent,” Beca says. “Send those results to Lestrade too. You both believe then that this is victim was killed by the serial killer.”
, he thought. He was beginning to enjoy the walks. He could observe rabbits, squirrels, and deer, and only yesterday he’d spotted a fox.
That’s why while rushing down a narrow alley, dodging rubbish bins and boxes, and slipping on the wet pavement, John begins to admire the wanker. The man runs like a fucking gazelle. Just as Molly described him, he’s an oddly handsome tosser: too sharp cheekbones, shiny curls all wild and wet with rain and completely unruly.
Molly is her old self. Mooning and following Sherlock around the morgue. Sherlock admits he did play her a bit when he first started here to get specimens and time in the lab to do his experiments, but Molly stood by him and believes in him, even when he doesn’t.
“I retrieve more and more about my childhood daily. I found that having Mycroft here pulled data from my cerebral cortex most efficiently.”
your name?” I ask. It’s the one detail I do need to know. Despite his present attire, I do know that he is single, is a systems analyst at Barclays Bank, owns a golden retriever, and lives in a flat in West London.
,” Sherlock adds with disdain. “There's a comment from Mike. Along with others I have no idea who they are, the names are so obscure. Who would even call themselves ‘hugo_balls’?”
Did he hear John correctly? He needs a flatmate? Why would anyone ever want William as a flatmate? He hasn’t experienced surprise much, at least not that he recalls, but this John Watson never fails to surprise. Even more, he’s surprised at his own reaction to John Watson. His first instinct is to splay out a person’s life as he visualizes it. He doesn’t do that to John. He’s not sure why.
On the quilt were John's old socks. Too tired to bother putting them in his dirty clothes hamper, he'd wadded them up and thrown them at the end of the bed. Grass-stained on the soles and with holes in each heel. Next to them John had also left his guitar pick and capo.
Sherlock didn’t watch him leave, but he did make sure that he had left. No use following him. Sherlock knew exactly where he was going. Home to Seb.
I want to get up and cross the room. I want to hold him and say none of this happened. But I cannot. It won’t change anything.
While in the back of John's mind he wondered how the professor could possibly know about his aversion to rats, right now he was more concerned about placating the man who held his future grade at his whim.
"Give me the damnable envelope and let me open it," John says as he swipes it back from Sherlock. He unclasps it, turns it upside down. Two long, silky black cords fall out along with a note that simply reads: "Let's Pretend."
His mom sang. "When I was just a little girl, I asked my mother, 'What will I be?'," she began. Better than Doris Day. John hung on and sang along as they all twirled across the living room floor to "Que, Sera, Sera."
“Explains our missing Triptan,” Molly says, crossing her arms. “Also, I see you’re on morphine. And that you’re a past user who tried to hide his habit. Look at his feet.”
“Justice,” she'd said. “I know you care little about that, but you do care about a good puzzle. This is the biggest who-done-it in the history of man. Most of the human race, dead. What you need to find out is if you did it.”
Sherlock's lips are even softer than before as they whisp against his. He doesn't think he's ever coveted a kiss more. If he had a mind palace like Sherlock's, he'd save it in a special room. He hopes that's what Sherlock is doing right now.
. John will be so disappointed. He'd liked Ms. Bellin. A lot. Sherlock did too in a fashion. Although he’d thought she was a bit of a bore. Always good to be a bit surprised. The sheer complexity! Pretending to be a micromanaging administrator when in reality she was a master criminal kingpin. The woman hid her true essence and proved to be a crafty adversary.
Molly grabs his arm and pulls him down the hall out of earshot of the nurses. “So, we’re going to keep this whole incident between us.” It’s a statement, not a question. He should tell her now about Lestrade’s visit, but decides that was his decision. She doesn’t need to be complicit in that, too.
Sherlock’s head dips to watch John under the gentle insistent pulls of John’s hand. John kisses the perfect bow of Sherlock’s lips and lets his tongue part them. Sherlock tilts his head and brings their tongues together.
“If you decide to wake me like this, I will be,” he says pulling the sheet up over his waist. “I need to get up and go the loo, then after, we can talk about this.”
“Actually, Mike suggested it,” John repeats, sitting on the edge of William’s bed. “It’s a nice flat. Extra bedroom. I could use someone around to help out. Mrs. Hudson’s there alone at times. You’d be someone else she could count on, and having a flatmate, we can watch each other’s backs. And it’s better than some old attic.”
“I heard Lestrade and Anderson talking at the Tower Building. He said they found a jumper with blood on it, but Molly had run tests and knew it wasn’t yours.”
“Now that’s a thing of beauty,” John says. The bed dips as John climbs between Sherlock’s legs. “Is it okay with you if I just stop for a moment to look at you?” Sherlock raises his knees and breathes in through his nose and nods. John. He always seems to know. He’s intentionally slowed himself to calm Sherlock.
If her clothing choices weren't enough to scare the dead, her vacant eyes and clammy handshake were. Sherlock introduced us and her surname was, indeed, Frankenstein. Her first name was Marilyn.
Work study!? With Professor Doyle? He could hardly contain himself. This would be a huge help in making ends meet. Before John could do the math in his head, he bit his tongue. Not certain how he hadn't managed to blow it with his grand entrance, he gratefully took the note.
"Ah, yes," the man gasped out. The man shook as he came over his hand. John heard it splatter against the ground. He felt the need to quiet the man's shivering. He soothed him with his free hand, massaging the middle of his back to calm him.
Sherlock claimed he smoked weed to help calm himself down. John didn’t doubt it, the way he hit on that joint like it was his last supper. Not that Sherlock really ate. At all. Other than "crisps."
She’s thoroughly enjoying herself with her sons if that crooked smile she’s wearing is any indication. John imagines many Christmases where she played referee betwixt the two.
Mike he'd miss most, even though he wouldn't be that far away in East Lansing, at State. They'd had some great times together, getting high and cruising. John'd probably see Mike on holidays since their parents were close.
After some celebratory chocolate cake for Sarah’s birthday, Molly gives Sherlock a few welcome back kisses after he receives a welcome back pat on the arse from Sister Katherine. All John gets is a slice of cake.
But John is still not meeting my eyes. “She betrayed Queen and Country. She killed Mary. You’d think that would be enough.”
Sherlock pretends to look disinterested, but John knows better. The last few days working with Greg on cases has ignited a passion in Sherlock. John’s living room wall has once again become Sherlock’s pin board of clues.
“Alright, Bruce Wayne,” John says, wiping his eyes. “Stop struggling, and Sherlock will let go of you.”
They tell me they're about to drop me off on a small island. That's deserted. But not to worry! One of the crew (the only one who speaks English is the one who has been with me since the beginning, Irene Adler's strong-arm with the daisy tattoo) tells me a sailboat is docked there all ready to be my own personal luxury hotel. Which, by the way, she told me isn't sea-worthy. Bloody hell. She said the island is a paradise and a beautiful place for a honeymoon. Ironic since oh, that's right. I'M NOT GOING ON ONE. My bride is going to be left standing at the altar because of you unless you get your plotting arse in gear and come get me out of here.
There on a hot July night, Sherlock Holmes fell to his knees in a pile of leaves. As the man leaned into him, something brushed the back of his neck. Not fingers or hand. Something cold. Metal. A necklace. No...dog tags.
Faint marks on his neck, yet the chart indicates that this was a heart attack at his workplace, not a victim from a crime scene.
I take a deep breath. John is waiting for me to continue, to explain. I closed my eyes, recalling that day. I was in the early stages of heat when the sudden grinding and shrieking of chamber doors being forced open with jimmy bars rocked me with panic.
“John, you’ve always had over-high expectations when it comes to others,” she says. "But you friend hasn't much time. Care to say goodbye?"
I wondered what sort of mischief Sherlock was up to. He had a penchant for the macabre on any day. And this was Halloween, celebration of the macabre.
"Hmm, it's in her long term memory. But that's not much help if we're human ice lollies by the time she finds the note."
. I've included a link about to Wiki, but I was actually around during that time in Michigan and stuck in my apartment for a week with my new father in law. We got 40 inches of snow in less than 24 hours and had wind chills below -60 F. The drifts covered one story houses, and in the ten story apartment building I was living at the time, we couldn't get out the front doors where it had drifted.
Four black bean-bag chairs joined the throw pillows on the floor. John hated those squishy chairs. When he sat down, he had to crawl out of the damn things. He hated that they were the only options people had here. He’d either had to sit in one of them, or the lone aluminum folding chair at the desk. Or one of the beds.
Anderson wasn’t pleased, but Lestrade ignored his insults especially after Sherlock pointed out the telltale scratch on the Blackwood’s neck, and how the receptionist at Capital Tower had freshly done nails. Sherlock told them to search for bits of nail near the body. They’d found a nail sliver. When the receptionist had not shown up for work the next day or any day thereafter, Lestrade directed Sally Donovan to her home where her son said she’d gone to “to visit her sister in Newport.” Donovan did retrieve DNA samples from her home. It was a match. They seemed to think they had their serial killer. But Sherlock did not think they were one and the same although he had no doubt that Sophy Kratides was responsible for Blackwood's death. Proving that, however, would be much more difficult.
John lamely nodded back, pretending to be normal. He reassessed Sherlock. He was handsome, but aloof for the most part. John wasn't sure if he was a homosexual. Just because he smelled nice and used exotic colognes and shampoos didn't actually mean he was. Maybe he just got chummy when stoned and liked touching people's knees.
John sighs as he knocks on Beca’s door. Although John doesn’t feel in his soul Sherlock’s moving out is final, John’s heart feels like its been replaced by a stone with his absence. He’s lost a best friend— or a least the nearest thing he’s had to one. He doesn’t look forward to going home to an empty flat.
John gasps at the speed with which Sherlock whips one of the cords around his wrist while holding the other wrist firm to the mattress. Sherlock's eyes go dark, and John shivers as he ties the cord to the bedpost.
dy pubic hair, down where the sticky chocolate stream has dripped between his thighs, leaving pink clean skin in his wake. He pays special attention to opening John's arse with his tongue.
At first, neither of them knew what to do next except grope each other. The man was clearly unsure, so Sherlock let him take charge. Sherlock grunted as the man pushed him down on all fours, scrambling and clawing at his own jeans to yank them down around his ankles.
A shattered sound of desperation escapes Sherlock's lips as he pushes John's knees apart. "I need to see you," he says. "I need look into your face."
He's hard and leaking into his swim trunks, and doesn't give a damn about it. He doesn't care that Sherlock knows how hard he is for him. He wants him to know. He rubs against him, sending a shiver into Sherlock that John loves. I did that, he thinks.
“Oh, dear. You can still speak? Nevermind, only a few more minutes until you’re completely incapacitated.”
After they’ve “visited the neighbors,” they decide to take off for 221b. John gives Sherlock his meds first and watches the man swallow them down with a bottle of water.
“Mr. Crenshaw says he has no appointment scheduled for you,” says the male receptionist. His hair is thinning and the comb over makes him look ten years older. “To what is this in regard?”
His eyes open to the sound of...someone else. He doesn't recall crawling to the ketch. He turns his head to see a mop of black curly hair and a lanky form in cut-off shorts and t-shirt. He's also as pink as a lobster.
He waited for John to leave before going through his dresser, but he couldn't determine his middle name from anything it contained. He thought of asking Mycroft. Most likely his brother already had a file on his roommate, but Sherlock didn't want to ask Mycroft for any favours. Favours always needed to be repaid.
The red lights of at least a dozen laser scopes dance all over his body. His heart, his head, legs, chest. He’s lit up like a Christmas tree and dizzier than before, but it’s worth it. “Nice to know I’m wanted!” he smirks and throws his hands in the air again, only this time in surrender.
“But if she killed him here,” John says, “how did she get the body out without anyone seeing? Unless...she’s not working alone.”
It was the third cigarette John had had that late night, but the nicotine that used to work its magic, stilling his jittering thoughts, was far from helping this time. He was nervous as hell. Blood vessels pounded so hard in his head they were echoing in his ears. If it continued like this for another minute, his skull was going to explode for damn sure. He knew he shouldn't smoke. But fuck, he needed it now.
John continues to push Rosie on the bucket swing. Maybe I have been wrong to keep everything to myself. I can’t let this become another problem between us.
Then the violin plays in John's head. A slow movement starts softly, building into a bittersweet ache that climbs inside John’s heart. He sits up on the edge of his bed. It’s almost real to him. He recalls Sherlock playing and how they danced. He recalls those first gasps of morning light pouring through the windows, the emotive powers of the music filling him. Suddenly John is awash in a thousand tears. The timbre and tones slowly shift and call to him in his memory. It beckons.
"He is a keen marksman and most expeditious in carrying out assignments," Mycroft continued. "His unique talents sent him on numerous covert missions. He is a man who knows how to keep his head low and his mouth closed, and follow orders."
Sherlock knew that Moriarty meticulously profiled every possible conquest's psychological state. He was one. As Mycroft implied, James sensed Moran's homosexual proclivities, but he also noted homicidal tendencies. For James to enlist the man, Moran must have had both.
“You know it was an act.” Sherlock blinks and ignores her. “Why ever did you and Lestrade wait so long to intervene?”
“Here’s my dorm. I’m good here.” She stopped and reached into her purse and pulled out a small note pad and pen. “Want some advice?” she asked. She tapped the pen on the pad.
John’s real kiss is insistent. His tongue sweeps against Sherlock’s and slowly traces the roof of Sherlock’s mouth. The kiss is long, lingering and when John releases Sherlock’s lips, they remain parted in a gasp. His eyelids flutter, his face hot. Somewhere along the way Sherlock’s hands have twisted themselves tighter into the front of John’s t-shirt.
.  And when we do—  I mean the ‘we’ part—  I’m coming along to keep an eye on you.” He can’t seem to help it. He does want to keep an eye on Sherlock for more than medical reasons. Sherlock has to know that. “We both should take a kip.”
"You can throw yourself against that door all you wish, but you aren't going to break it down. And shouting will not bring her back. She's not going to open it."
If it was Moriarty, John could understand Sherlock’s reaction when they first met, and why Sherlock wasn’t forthcoming. It’s not like you shake hands with your new roommate, then blurt out: “Hey, you know that anonymous fuck at Rest Area 818? Surprise! It’s me.”
“I remember.” Sherlock looks wistfully at the image before him. “How we’d play together, running on the shore or in the fields at our old home. The home that...”
There was a bit of excitement, then all went back to normal, or as normal as a birthday party at Cardiff Infirmary could be.
He thought back to the last time he'd used it. He'd probably left them on the bed and they'd fallen between the mattress and the wall during the night. He didn't feel like digging around under the bed.
While John seemed highly upset in the beginning, he has become unusually calm. I fear that this is not a good thing.
John laughs. If that’s the excuse he needs to use! His Mum laughs as well, but makes more of a fuss, wiping tears away with her thumb, then kissing both cheeks.
John sees a chance to press his point. “You didn’t take it from my locker.” It’s an observation that John wants to have Will acknowledge. While Will understands other’s motives, he tends to ignore his own.
John is all too happy to comply as he slips his white boxers off his hips. Sherlock absentmindedly slides the cord between his long fingers while watching John disrobe. John lies back and looks up at him.
“You bloody fool,” he answers between his own gasps. He’s cupping my head and chin, guiding me as he swims to the dock. I hear shouting, but it’s John’s voice I hear. “I’ve got you,” he says. And he does. His arms that pull me on the dock.
Which was a most unfortunate effect. John stretched his arms out in front of him to hide his lap, leaned back against the headboard of the bed, and waited for Sherlock to continue.
John told him not to think of such things.That reading people’s emotions is hard. He said, “Sherlock, you aren’t perfect. Part of me hopes that Helena Smith shows Lestrade her bogus files. Then we can get this behind us.”
It’s not so hard to find the place, but he pulls out Mycroft’s map from his pocket to be sure. Mycroft has drawn the shape of the island meticulously with its landmarks clearly detailed in the flourish and colour of a child’s mind, skull and crossbones included. Sherlock may know his way, but the map grounds him; it’s a reassuring part of a childhood ritual, much like the treasure maps Sherlock drew as a child.
He listens in as Sophy and Sherlock talk about a Lord Blackwood. He sits up in his seat as he realizes the gravity of the conversation. Sherlock repeats what Sophy has said, that Lord Blackwood is linked to the serial killings. Sophy replies that she wants to know positively that Blackwood is the one framing her.
He was not happy. He spat at John between shivers. John was disappointed it wasn’t Moran—just some hired henchman of Moriarty’s.
The second Sherlock said it, John had already blown off his warning to stay away. He was intent on finding out more about Moran and Moriarty. He'd be damned if he didn't at least try. If they happened to show up at his work-study, John was going to find out all he could.
I open my lids, and it's the blue eyes staring into mine that keep me from falling back into the cave.
It was that day, too, that John notes that the sharks only seem to traverse the channels that rise and lower with the tide. He surmises that it's their feeding ground.
He had driven to the service area—or what Americans called a rest area—a few days later. He'd got the message to hook up from the stall wall and a leaking biro for his trouble.
He'd done it, scratched his dirty desire on the dingy bathroom wall. John wiped the blue ink that bled onto his fingers from his ball point pen into his faded grey t-shirt. As he hiccuped nervously, each new nervous hiccup bounced off the bathroom stall. The message was as much etched on the wall as written.
“If you won’t listen to my advice, you better include me in on this so-called help your brother needs,” John says, pouring himself another cup of coffee.
Suddenly the walls of the cabin erupted as if they were alive. Hollow thuds shook the walls, making the pots and pans hanging on the walls clang and bang. As the rattling became rhythmic, the pattern progressed around the cabin until the clatter centered on the wall near their bed.
“Why?” she cries. I always miss John when he’s not at a crime scene, but I miss his soothing voice and patient hand right now.
They walk toward the apartment with the crates. As John unlocks the door, Will bounces with excitement, and when John opens the door, he takes up the stairs two at a time and waits at the top for John  They enter John’s living room, and he drops his crate and strides to the old comfy couch. He forgets the cards and magic and spins around then flops down on it like he owns it, taking the Union Jack pillow in his hands and pressing it to his chest. He stands back up and jumps on top of the chair’s seat cushions, staring at the wall.
John studied Mary closer, remembering Sherlock’s words to observe. She was dressed differently than most students here. Sure, she had on jeans and a sweater, but the jeans were neat, and looked new and her sweater newer. Even her tennis shoes were unscuffed except for a small grass stain on the side; they looked like she just bought them. Her nails were short, with neutral beige polish chipped in the center of some of the nails. Where she held the mug, she had a small callus on her thumb. Looking at her again, he realized she was possibly older than what she first appeared—maybe in her late twenties, possibly early thirties.
Winston reaches out, and they shake hands. His grip is firm and comforting. “Best you’re gettin’ on yer way. Be careful, Will.”
John and Molly walk out together, stopping at the nurses’ station. “Do you really think he’s lost his memory, or is he hiding something?” Molly asks as she parks herself next to the desk.
He needed time to get into his mind palace and go directly to the room where he'd stored that night at the rest area.
From that day, I realized Dickinson was wrong. Truth, not hope, is the thing with feathers. It perches on the soul and waits to come out. It always does. My truth came forward at the worst possible time, and it never asked a crumb from me.
“I had other things on my mind.” I take the seat across from her and brush the imaginary creases from my own trousers.
I smile sadly at John’s pointed jab at Mycroft. I have been to see her on many occasions, before she withdrew from the world, and after. I agree with my brother on both counts.
Greg sighs, knowing John is holding out on him but doesn’t push. “You look well for being recently abducted,” Greg observes.
He wants this. Sherlock inside him, filling him. Sherlock kneels behind him. The air around them is hot and humid, but full of Palmyra's perfumes: the sweet flowers, the sand and sea. All flood his senses. Even his own breathing mingles with the sound of the water in the lagoon lapping against the side of the boat.
James enjoyed inflicting pain. James was like old man Rogers who lived near their family home who had laughed as he drowned stray cats in his well. Rogers would taunt young Sherlock, believing that Sherlock shared that love. But he didn't. Sherlock loved cats. He hated hearing their cries for help. He would cover his ears and cry.
Sherlock tries to grimace, but the effect is more like a twitch of his mouth. Whatever is she blabbering on about? Her brother?
