“Cap…” He said through the microphone, swallowing down the huge lump in his throat. “I’m sorry for breaking the promise I made to you, I promised I wouldn’t… I promised...” He could feel himself choking up, he could feel the lump getting bigger in his throat, the burning sensation in his eyes whenever he so attempted to blink away the tears that were gradually accumulating in his eyes. “I’m sorry Steve, I really am.” He spluttered. His hand fell away from the microphone and fell down to his side. He felt his neck roll and his head hung, his messy black hair fell forward, strands of grey along his temples coming more into sight.
“What the hell has gotten into you, Stark?!”
Steve rolled his eyes at him. Tony chuckled. “Though, that being said, I don’t particularly boast about it. “
“Watch where yer goin’! Tourist…” they hissed back.
Tony, his body fought more, it pushed against the thoughts and commands in his head, but just at that moment there was a loud BOOM from behind them. The windows shattered with the sound – glass flying outward in every direction. The foundation of the building started to shake, the insides collapsing, but it certainly didn’t help that Steve and Tony where fighting right by the outside wall of factory. Salvation and safety was just meters away, all Tony had to do was lift them both and move – but the walls came tumbling down. Steve could see the high chimneys begin to collapse, coming straight for them both.
Carol always was wise and had extensive street know-how.  Reluctantly Steve gave the defeated shrug of his shoulder, unable to think of a counter and he couldn’t just blurt out that he was infatuated with the man that was in that argument, and thus his protective nature instinctively wanted to leap in between them and find out what was wrong.
He fastened the snap on the boot that he was familiar with and then tugged at it, looking up at Steve since he was trying not to wake him. Luckily the man was a heavy sleeper, that’s what 70 years in the ice does to a person.  With a small wriggle and tug he managed to get the metal to slip off, his eyes filling with shock to the sight before him. Steve’s leg was a metallic branch that was connected to the foot of the suit. Tony clasped his hand over his mouth for a second, remembering how the man was caught in the explosion. He didn’t even question how he managed to look so perfect when he had encountered him, because Steve always looked like that; he was perfection personified. He felt empty looking at it, knowing that if he’d protected Steve then he wouldn’t have this injury, once more self-loathing and guilt were weighing upon his conscience.  His bottom lip quivered and he could feel the overwhelming burden embrace him, gently sinking to his knees, his fingers sliding upon the metal augmentation just before his knees hit the ground. He breathed deeply, his breath catching into a short huff. Was he actually crying? His body was trembling but he knew he had to be stronger, he knew he shouldn’t cry, that this needed to be stopped and sitting there crying about it wasn’t going to help anybody.
“He does not care for you like I do. I can make you a better man, he cannot. I can make you complete, Tony.”
“They’re all gone. You should really take a look out of the window. Those explosions where everywhere, Stark.”
Steve stepped up to him, dragging the leaper’s feet on the ground effortlessly. “You okay there?” He asked with soft concern, eyes on his hand.
Steve sighed a little. “Be more careful, Stark.”
“Do your job!” Norman barked again whilst he continued to monitor the screens, now paranoid of any uprising since the return and fall of Tony Stark.
“Get ‘em Cap, Hank and I are helping Bruce right about now,” Janet replied.
Steve stared into the dark sapphire eyes of Tony Stark, trying to convince him that he was an angel, which they both were. Tony’s wings raised a little as he stared back at Steve,
Natasha shook her head at the inappropriate suggestion, attention caught by one of the screens in front of Tony. She noticed a figure, and even though her perspective was inverted from where she stood, she could still make out the silhouette.
Doing a U turn, he flew back toward where he had lost Steve, looking from side to side but seeing nothing but fallen web tendrils attached to the skyscrapers. Everything looked the same, every building had the same sterile look to it – they were all tall, sharp edges, square windows. He could’ve sworn if he counted the number of windows each building would have exactly the same. When he was mentioning a sci-fi Nazi scenario in his mind earlier he didn’t realise how everything started to be fitting into that exact setting the more he looked into it. Everything looked identical and lacked colour – in fact, the most colour he’d seen all day was in the ruins of the dingy hospital.
“Shit.”
Steve had no idea what to respond to that. She petted her skirt with her hands, probably trying to soothe herself.
Oh shit.
“Because,” whispered Thor, and his voice reverberated on Tony's chest, “the Mark 50 is equipped with a quantum computer.”
Tony shook his head. “It’s a risk we’ll have to take. We’re close enough to be already trapped by the star’s gravitational pull. We need to be able to see where are we going and how are we going to fix it.”
It’s his only option, Steve thinks. Even if Tony can’t figure out time travel, he only needs him to fix the bracelet. The portal that Bruce is operating in the present is what actually makes the time jumps possible, and he has Pym particles to spare, so he only needs to fix the… what had said Tony? Time travelling GPS? And he’ll be back to his own time.
Pepper refreshened page almost furiously and began to scroll trough the responses.
Nebula looked at him like he had grown an extra head. “Are you fucking
5,6k replies  594k retweets   1,3M likes
Nebula shook her head firmly, “You have five.”
Before he realized he found himself inside his old office. Strangely enough, most of his stuff where exactly like he had left them the morning before parting to Germany two years ago. The only things that were different were some papers on top of his desk and his shield, that was leaning against a cabinet, collecting dust.
“One of the mechanisms in my arm is failing. I need to clean up the gears, but I can't reach them.”
. In, out.
“He would make us fight each other. Every time I lost he would replace a piece of my body. And Gamora won
Tony, strangely, thought of his mother. Trapped in an unhappy marriage, with a son who didn’t value her enough, lonely by the corners of a giant  and empty mansion. Guarding a nest that would remain empty for all eternity, after pushing out her child far too soon. Tony wondered if she had known how much he had loved her, despite the bitterness and resentment.
She pursed her lips and turned to him. “Yes.”
His head was spinning, drunk with pain.
She seemed charged with fury. "What are you going to do, pick them up with a shovel and a broom? There’s nothing left.”
“This thing on? Hey Miss Potts, if you find this recording, don't feel bad about this.” Just the idea of her feeling guilty for his own stupid mistakes made him want to cry. But it was time to grow up and say goodbye. “Part of the journey is the end.”
But still. The guilt, his eternal companion, would never leave him alone.
“We need to get out of this place,” said Nebula after a while. Tony turned to look at her.
Afraid he’d lose a finger (or something worse) in the process, Tony tried to gently wake up Nebula. She jumped in her seat like she had been poked in the ass with a needle, and in less than two seconds she had the tip of her sword pinching his throat.
He started back at her, stunned. Natasha raised an eyebrow.
Saturday, 14th of August, 1993
She stayed there with him for some minutes, staring out of the horizon. All they did lately was stare out of the window and wait for his imminent death.
He had been learning about addictions in school, and he was a smart kid. He had figured out why Tony always opted out for a soda when Pepper, Rhodey and his Aunt drank wine on their small family dinners.
Tony knew all the constellations. He had his favorites: Orion and his companion dog, Canis Majoris. Bright and protective of the winter sky, they made the perfect company.
“It’s done!” said Stark. But only part of it was done. The star was getting closer and closer.
“Peter…?” would ask Tony, holding the little kid’s hands. He felt lost, holding an imaginary friend from his childhood. He would understand then: that small and brave kid from the Stark Expo all those years ago. His path had always been intertwined with Tony’s. Loving him like his own had been simply fate.
Nebula didn't change her expression, but something in the silence that lingered suggested to Tony that she hadn't considered the possibility of his eyesight being different to hers.
“I would call it more
“Oh, sweetie…”
“No thanks to you,” he answered, resentful. She had seem very comfortable on the cockpit of the ship while he performed surgery on himself.
There were hundreds more like that. Some were indecipherable for Tony, but he got the positive vibe from the majority of the replies. The deep anxiety in his gut didn’t fade away, but he did feel relieved. He looked up and found Pepper smiling at him.
He got up from the bathroom floor with extreme difficulty and walked out through the door. Nebula was there, waiting for him. She looked awful, but better than what he probably looked like, all things considered. Silently, she grabbed him by one elbow and helped him walk to the copilot seat where he sat down.
Steve scoffed. “This is different. He’s in space, for fuck’s sake. He needs us.”
It took them an entire day to repair the Benatar enough to take off. Reluctantly, Nebula taught him the basic commands to fly the ship. For him it was simple, the controls were quite intuitive and he knew how to fly planes. Tony would act as co-pilot, which meant firing the ion cannons if they encountered any inconvenience.
Suddenly, Nebula gasped loudly.
He felt bad, invading the compound like this. The place he had once called home, for a brief period of time. But now, everywhere he looked he saw Sam, laughing in the common room at Natasha’s jokes. He saw Wanda, painting her nails in the kitchen, keeping Vision company. He saw Tony, back from the city after a busy week, inviting him a drink with a wicked smile.
@captainamerica · 1m ago
“What radiation?” asked Tony, worried. Nebula blinked slowly, as if she thought he was the most idiotic creature in the universe.
“Can we leave now?” asked Tony, impatient. She snorted.
“We need to divert the trajectory in a wide enough angle so we fall into a hyperbolic orbit-” started Tony, and Nebula nodded along.
She looked at him like he had gone insane. Maybe he had. “We'll run out of fuel. We'll die.”
The fatigue, the pulsating agony of his wounds and the the swarming nest of his mind finally defeated him, and his eyes closed.
Of course, they were the illusions of a child. He would never see them again, but not by his own choice.
Tony ran the palms of his hands over his wounds. The agonizing pain had stopped, his internal organs no longer felt on fire. The scar on his abdomen would probably last forever. One more for the collection.
insomnia, Steve. But if you insist on staying awake, you could do something productive with your time and negotiate our release form Wakandan custody.”
“You'll never know if you don't try,” observed Steve.
Tony went back to the bar and saw Nebula chugging  aggressively her third drink, judging by the two empty glasses by her elbow. Poor girl, though Tony. Drowning quicky down that path. He walked to the bar and sat next to her with a sigh. She ignored him and ordered another drink.
The kid had been pensive for a while. Then he had asked him if he had plans on drinking ever again. Battling between an access of rage and the urge of tears, Tony had chosen neither, and simply promised Peter that he had in fact no plans to ever drink again. That had been enough reassurance for the kid.
Rhodey got up from the sofa. “I’m starving. You guys want anything?”
To say the Wakandan people were angry at them was an understatement. To the eyes of the civilians, their arrival on their country had only meant death and destruction. They had lost their king, their princess, countless soldiers, and half their population.They were invaders, destroyers of peace.
“Then…. I get on the outside of the ship, and fix the tank’s leak.”
He guessed they all were. That’s what utter defeat can do to a person.
@repusa  · 5m ago
“Good luck,” he wished Natasha, and there was something in his godly voice that made that sentence feel like a blessing. For the first time in weeks, Steve saw Natasha smile.
After a couple of hours, which Steve took advantage off by taking a brief nap -a wakandan nurse had forced him to take sleeping pills after a week of finding him wandering around at three am-, they reached the outskirts of the Avengers compound.
Steve… always the worst timing.
Tony started checking the answers. People were going crazy, answering with insults and laughter, but the vast majority were supporting Steve in his mission to fight homophobes.
With his heart frozen in a state of panic, Tony jumped into the dark abyss.
But what he had just done? Political suicide. There was no way to recover from this. Humiliation poisoned him inside.
“We don’t even know what this is-” intervened Bruce.
@lifeaspuppy · 3m ago
The first thing he saw was nothing. His entire field of vision was surrounded by blackness. Slowly, his eyes adjusted to the gloom and little stars started to appear in the background.
Tony’s still quivering pupils had to take a moment to fixate on the man that was now huddled up in the corner, looking out of breath, head pressed back against the wall staring at his own hands with disbelief.
. And yet he couldn’t prevent this from happening – sure they’d managed to stop the world from being devoured by an intergalactic planet-eating giant, but they couldn’t stop a simple bomb. It was
Tony’s hand scrubbed through his hair, breathing heavily. It felt as though all of the air was being sapped from his lungs, his head pounding, his chest strained and feeling as though a weight rest upon it. It was only then that his eyes shot open with dread and he sprinted around the room to safe, opening it to reveal that there was nothing there.
“Oh come
There was no response. Steve kept his head lowered.
He wanted to smile to him, but he was too weak.
Carefully he hooked his other arm under Tony’s thigh, the other two agile fingers easing their way through the wall of tensed muscle, with Tony releasing staggered moans that raised an octave with every inch further he went, being slow, caressing and gentle. It was still strange and extremely invasive, to feel someone pushing that deeply into him. Tony’s back twisted awkwardly only for Steve to hush him with soft murmurs.
“No… This can’t be happening…” he whispered.
“An organism designed for kill- ”
The lively swirl of chatter had simmered down as the opening shindig had carried on through the night was now reaching its end, with people returning either to their own rooms or heading back to their own bases after touring the area.
“We…need to get that thing working again, huh?” he said, tapping the reactor with a stiff movement of his hand.
Steve returned to brushing himself off, his hands sticky from the strange fluid as the bubbles started to disappear. “You okay there, detective?”
“Put her…” Peter returned a tone just as bitter, “We can take her to the closed off park, it’s where the other superheroes have been put to rest.” He replied, refusing to look at the man who asked him the question.
“Man of Iron,” Thor replied with a hefty slap to Tony’s back. Tony’s eyes screwed up at the power, biting the bullet and trying to smile despite the tiny twitches of his lips to hide a grimace. “You appear a mess.” Carol was clearly trying not to laugh at Thor’s lack of tact as she neared Steve, kneeling down over Hank as soon as he placed him down on the soft grass.
He hated that he was now reliant on Hammer’s tech to work, he despised the fact that the man that had put him there was now technically his saviour, and battling against his own hubris to save Steve was a struggle all in its own. The conflict of interest was indeed using the enemies’ parts to protect someone he has loved for so long. Even though the initial struggle was over, and he had created something functional, he knew that every time he looked at what had now composed their body he would be reminded of the man he hated with every bone in his body. He swore to himself that once he had gotten to his lab he would rebuild them something else, with his own hands, with his
.” He thought under the kiss. “
“Got it!” Tony repulsored Hammer back, and then had to stop to recharge. His makeshift repulsor only had so much juice, and it was sapping it right out of Tony’s chest. It made the billionaire short of breath, forcing him to stop and gather his energy.
The praise made his cheeks glow red, lowering the visor on his hat and lifting his palms to face where the lasers seemed to spawn from, quietly whispering the command before the cyan shots flew out of his palms and destroyed each one, leaving them with a clear path.
Tony curled up on the floor, bursting into tears the moment his father left, and it was that very moment that the small grey wings faded and turned black.
His anger would morph into sadness, fast like lightning. He would hide in one of the ship’s cabins, he would cry for hours on end. Then, he would fall asleep for an entire day, but never enough to regain energy. He was always tired. And the cycle would repeat.
@starkinghero · 2m ago
In seconds, the kid would turn into dust.
“-He’s alive,” interrupted him Pepper, assertive. Rhodey sighed but she ignored him. “I’m sure of it.”
, he called himself. Oh, he had known armageddon was coming, yes. But he had failed as a leader, as a teammate, and as a friend. He had failed so many people. Only if he had been able to see beyond his own nose.
“A what?”
The tavern was packed with creatures of all kinds. It was almost surprising the amount of races of aliens who were anthropomorphic. Tony was yet to find a classic little green alien. But they all seemed not very friendly, so he stayed close to Nebula. She seemed like she knew her stuff anyway.
Nebula exited the cantina by kicking the door with her boots, staggering around until she reached him. She smelled like alcohol poisoning. She somehow seemed angrier at his general existence.
She was tense, lining up the tools on the table in perfect and obsessive order. She stopped a second to stare at one of the screwdrivers.
“-so we use the kinetic energy to be blasted back into interstellar space,” she completed. “Genius.”
“At what distance are we from the star’s center of mass?”
Killing had always been an unforgivable crime. How many times had he taken a life  under the excuse of justice and the greater good? Too many to remember.
“He was lucky, then,” she said. It took Tony a couple of seconds to understand her.
“Tighten your seatbelt,” she said, and that was about the last comprehensible thing Tony was able to hear. The sky was getting brighter and brighter, the temperature hotter, and the pressure on his body was rasing. At some point, he turned his head and vomited on the ground.
There were rare, the moments when they just sat and talked. In general they would avoid each other, each one trapped inside their own misery. Tony slept most of the time, drugged with hunger and fatigue. Sometimes he would hear Nebula come close, specially when Tony would sit by the cockpit. But generally she could be found by the kitchen, playing with a small and old music player that Tony suspected had belonged to Quill.
Steve nodded, understanding. Rhodey went down to the garage and left, effectively leaving Steve alone.
Nebula activated the engine and hit the gas to maximum impulse. They shifted the angle, and the acceleration was so strong Tony’s body was compressed back into his seat.
One afternoon, he had this realizing thought. Nobody on earth would ever know what had happened to him. He would be lost in history, like a sailor who had set sail on the high seas and had never returned.
Tony lifted both arms in the air in surrender. She glared at him, clearly pissed off, and put down her weapon.
It wasn’t the first time and it probably wouldn’t be the last. But after what happened, after what Thanos had done, after everything they lost. It felt like an unforgivable crime.
Steve was there, standing in all his glory. He was wearing a white button up shirt, comfortable jeans, and he was barefoot. His hair was a little long at the front, and he was clean shaven.
my wife!” swore one of the creatures. Tony flinched at his use of words.
The lights turned on and illuminated the inside of the ship. Nebula jumped to the computer and entered the calculated flying path for the new orbit.
Swallowing his nervousness, he replied.
When he finished closing his wounds, Tony left all the instruments on the table and closed his eyes. He needed to go to the regenerating chamber, that according to Nebula would heal his internal wounds. He thought about Helen and her miraculous cradle, and asked himself if she would still be alive. If any of his friends was still alive: Happy, Rhodey, oh no,
They had launched themselves on an interstellar trip without enough fuel. It wasn’t like they had another alternative either. They didn’t have much food, nor did they have much water. Both of them were injured, frustrated, depressed.
Cold dread settled in Tony’s bones. He allowed himself exactly ten seconds of complete and utter panic, where he covered his mouth with his hands and tried to breathe properly. In, and out.
Steve smiled at him.
The material was perfect. He could order the nannities to seal into a perfect vacuum.
The flight on the quinjet back to the States was quiet. Natasha still wouldn’t talk to him. It was fine, he understood. He had found her silently weeping over Sam’s old uniform that morning before they took off, and Steve hadn’t dared to disturb her.
“I… I don’t know what to say…”
Like memories, dreams had no beginning. Maybe an image was already there. A little boy, cheerful and bubbly. His face covered with a plastic mask. An Iron Man mask. Tony would fall on his knees in front of him, his eyes filled with tears. With shaking hands, he’d take off the mask from the kid’s face.
Sometimes his dreams were just
He shifted and started to apply the same treatment to the open wound of his back, practically blind. The intense burning of the wound guided him like a lighthouse at sea, but he was scared of hurting healthy skin anyway.
Tony was dead, and it was probably his fault.
He probably would never admit it, but Steve though Tony was an artist. Yes, he was a brilliant engineer and scientist, but what he could do with a sketching pencil and some paper? or maybe just a holographic display? That was pure art. Engines, buildings, computers, planes,  even parks. Tony was a designer, and a very good one. His armors, fuck. Just thinking about them made Steve’s heart flutter. The hard exterior, the shining surface, the perfect curves, the smooth finish. And most importantly, the man on the inside.
“Shit, fuck,
“I see blackness,” he said. “On top of it, small lights. Some of them are stars, some are nebulas, some are galaxies. Some dust and ash. But mostly emptiness and dark.”
Love was a muscle. One that needed constant exercise. Jarvis had taught him what unconditional love felt like, and part of that was why he resented his father so much. He had been blessed and cursed because he had an actual parameter of comparison. Every time Howard ignored, scoffed or insulted his mere existence, the pain felt ten times worse because thanks to Jarvis, he knew how a good father should behave.
“No promises.”
He knew he could last between two weeks, maybe three without eating. He could probably last one week without water. They would have to ration water incredibly well. No more showers. Everything was a luxury. Maybe one glass of water a day. Maybe less.
He rolled his eyes and sat down next to her. She turned her nose away from him with a grimace, and Steve had the decency of feeling ashamed.
, Tony,” insisted Bruce. “If not for you then for her.”
The ship crossed the atmosphere and Tony saw the jump point straight ahead of them. They crossed the jump and the ship entered hyperspace.
Several vendors approached them immediately, speaking fast in dieverse alien languages, bouncing their products on their multiple arms or appendices, trying to get them to buy. Nebula ignored all of them and kept on walking. She reached a corner where two streets met, and she turned give Tony instructions.
That’s going to be a tough one. Steve hasn’t really come to terms with this loss yet. Like Natasha’s, it’s still raw, aching into his bones. During those five years after the Decimation, Steve tried as hard as he could to not be consumed by his grief. Natasha had struggled, and hard. And Steve tried to be there for her as much as he could, but the guilt and the weight of his own failure were chains to his ankles. He had learned how to deal with it and keep going, in theory, in the years that came after he woke up from the ice. Sam had been a huge support in that aspect. That’s why he started the support group for veterans’ survivors of the Decimation, because that’s what Sam would have done. And that had been what kept him going, kept him sane in the middle of all. Even if he wasn’t able to move on.
“Not on a human scale.”
After half an hour, Tony decided he had had enough. He walked out of the cantina and leaned against the outside wall. It was getting dark, and the sky looked a greyish green over the horizon. The atmosphere of that moon probably had a higher concentration of phosphorus rather than oxygen. It was fine. He was accustomed to the 20-80 ratio of nitrogen and oxygen on earth. He should be able to breath fine, right?
He started writing a new tweet:
Tony smirked a little, bitter. “There’s no alternative. I’ll use one of the oxygen suits, what’s left of my armor, and that’ll have to make do.”
Could he do it again?
She scoffed. “Wash yourself. You smell like death.”
Steve had made peace with his feelings for Tony years ago. He was aware that his opportunity had passed. But sometimes he couldn’t help but wonder what would have been like, if he had said yes. If he had just said fucking yes, that lazy night when Tony, sleepy and satisfied on top of his naked chest, had asked him if he wanted to take the next step, make their
“I can feel it, Steve. I know deep in my bones he’s out there. And he needs us. Can’t you see it too?”
An agonizing scream died against the cloth inside is mouth. He kept going.
A group of men were surrounding a hooded figure, laughing among themselves. They seemed excited about something.
“You feel like your legacy will fade into oblivion.” It wasn’t a question. “What are you going to do about it?”
“Tony’s smart, Steve,” reminded him Rhodey, who had been silent until then. “He found a way to come back from the death twice already.”
“HEY, THAT LITTLE PIECE OF SHIT STOLE MY WALLET,” screamed Tony into the crowd. Around five or six different individuals immediately started to run in different directions, pushing people and causing unrest. People turned around their heads, looking for the source of trouble. Some of them started heated arguments. A couple of vendors started a fight in the middle of the street.
His heart was beating a million kilometers per hour. His fingers felt cold and trembling. The pit of his stomach began to tighten with vertigo. The severity of what he had done slowly dispersed in his consciousness, like adrenaline rushing through his veins.
“It’s Fury. Before you ask, he’s gone. But he left an old  pager behind.”
“FUCK!” she screamed, and typed furiously to the computer. Error messages started to pop up everywhere. She kept cursing, seeming to get more hysterical by the second.
“There was a miscalculation on the hyperspace jump. The ship’s computer was supposed to map out a known trajectory, but I guess they managed to fire on some of the computer’s systems because…” She looked at him in the eyes. “We’re on a direct path to a star. We need to fix the trajectory
“How much?” he ventured. Maybe one apple.
“A hundred credits!” the vendor said encouragingly. Tony almost choked on air. Fuck he missed being a billionaire. He never thought he’d miss his Amex gold card while stranded on an alien moon. But before Tony could start to consider the investment, a movement deeper inside the alley catched his attention.
They left Titan behind with his heart in his stomach. Nebula put them on course in a hyperspace line on the way to who knew where. She had told Tony that they needed supplies and fast, so they were probably going to some trading post. When the course was stable, Nebula got up from the seat and went silently to the ship's cabins. For once, Tony appreciated the loneliness.
It was Tony, Steve was sure of it. Pepper had been right. This was a signal. He had left something behind to be contacted with. Now they just needed to find him.
Nebula grabbed his arm in a tight grip and dragged him away from the ship.
sound. He collected all his fear and desperation, put it inside a box, shoved it to a corner of his mind, and closed it with three locks.
His field of vision was getting lighter and lighter. Tony turned around one second and regretted it immediately: the star was close enough to burn itself on his retinas.
He didn’t regret it. He needed Nebula. She deserved to live. He wasn’t going to let her be killed by some random bountyhunter.
There was no turning back. Of all his stupidly impulsive decisions, this one took the jackpot.
“Going blind on three, two, one-” she hit enter and all the lights on the Benatar turned off. “Good luck.”
His head felt heavy, like a water balloon. If he moved too fast he saw the stars. His stomach accumulated dust, and soon it would begin to eat itself. His throat was constantly burning, dry.
Nebula didn’t care. She laughed at the poor fucker’s face. “I didn’t kill your bitch,” she mocked. “Collect your debts with the creature who owes them.”
A few soft heels sounded in the distance. With a sigh, Tony turned to see Pepper enter the room.
Alright, not everything is lost. He has the nanosuit still with him, so he can use it to change into any clothes and blend in with the crowd. He has to hide the shield somehow. And he has to find someone who can help him get back home.
Right?
“Fury did,” sentenced Natasha. “Tell me the second you get a signal. I wanna know who’s on the other end of that thing.”
He found the shower and let the water run through his punished body. The dried blood began to stain the water under his feet. The water was cold, and he shouldn’t waste much, who knew how much the ship's tanks had in reserve, and how scarce was the resource in space. He rubbed his skin carefully, and closed his eyes.
And loving Peter had been so easy. Tony had taken one look at him and saw himself in a mirror, thirty years younger. He saw a brilliant child, full of love and kindness, desperate for some guidance. He needed someone to be proud of him. Someone to teach him how to fall, how to heal, how to get up again. His aunt had done a fantastic job. But she would never understand the need, deep inside his bones, to fix the world around him. That feeling of responsibility, even for the smallest things. The itch inside his gut to
Tony contemplated deleting his account altogether for a couple of minutes. Nervous, he looked around the notifications section, and noticed one in particular that caught his attention:
He sat next to her and with a knot in his chest and opened his twitter account, where less than a couple of minutes ago he had furiously announced to the world that he was bisexual. And in the most
did you went to med school, Rogers?”
“That’s not the interesting part: it’s been modified. Very advanced tech. I’m just guessing, but it looks like it can sends messages on a very long distance range. I’m talking light years away.”
At the end of the alsile, Steve would stand proud and beautiful. Insecurities and judgement were foreign to his expression. Only compassion and understanding.
The wakanadan fields extended over the horizon. The sun kissed the vast plantations and the trees danced along with the whisper of the wind. For the second time in his life, Steve felt like an invader on a sacred place, violating the peace with his mere presence. It had been three days since the battle. It felt like a century had gone by.
Dreams were confusing. Tony couldn't remember most of them. They felt like an access to a different reality, one were he was only a mere spectator of his own sins. Dreaming felt like being in free fall: liberating, filled with adrenaline and joy, terrifying. The entire universe was within his grasp and yet, he was insignificant.
Tony sat up straighter, and his entire field of view spun around like a rollercoaster. “I’m alright.”
“The world just isn’t ready for him, and he’s not ready for the world.”
“Remember what I said, kid. I’m not going to repeat myself,” It was hard not to become distressed over what was happening with those savages, but again, he had to keep repeating to himself that Carol and Jessica knew what they were doing and they were capable enough to deal with a couple of brain-dead monsters.
religion. Faith was considered naïve; there was only room for facts and figures. But Tony never had much faith, considering that has one hell of a tragic past. There was nothing to believe in but himself, and even so, he only believed in himself half of the time. That’s why he loved having Steve next to him. He had confidence already, but that was usually overcompensation for his lack of self-belief.  Steve was the one that taught him how to slowly build up his self-belief and taught him so much more. In fact, when he was a child he used to read Captain America comics to make him feel better. In a way his faith, his idol was the one providing him with the confidence to hold his head up high and walk through another day, despite all of the problems he was going through. Many people used to say that it was his reactor that kept him going, that was true from a physical perspective but from his heart, it was Steve that kept him going. He would stand by Steve’s side in return and follow him to hell if need be, because that’s how much he respected him. Not only because he admired him, but also because he felt indebted to him and even more… He loved him. But there were some things even Tony Stark was afraid to admit in fear of rejection. But even if he would follow him to the edge of the world, there are some words that pure common sense has a tendency to counter, and claiming that the Captain as well as himself were angels was something that he would certainly reject. Angels didn’t exist, fact.
His eyelids flickered as his eyelashes weighed down with the drops of rain dancing along them. Slowly, he was pulled out of the perpetual darkness, reaching for the light.
Tony pouted under the mask. “Hah hah, very funny. Maybe your jokes are the things that needed augmenting.”
“Do you know how easy they were to
“Oh sh-!”
There was a groggy moan from the man now covered in splatters of water and blood ruining the brilliant white that Taskmaster would usually sport.
A sigh of relief escaped the billionaire’s lips, “Only five years.”
Steve’s eyes darted from Tony to Howard, quickly standing in front of Tony in defence, “Now listen mister-”
“Right… At least that’s a good idea. Or potentially would’ve been if it wasn’t so badly hit.”
It was there the floating
Carol shook her head.
Tony wriggled his hips at the filling feeing that ran through his body, a loud huff escaping when he felt Steve pull out, and drip out of him. He may have let out a quiver of a groan.
“I’m not sugar coating anything, but good luck. You’ll need it.” She saluted at him before heading out, Carol following her, clearly not finished with her lecture.
“Tell me everything,” Tony demanded.
Candles were lit along the dining table and it had a beautiful red and gold cloth placed over it. There were over a dozen plates for every member, and seats too, all prepared perfectly, dare he say, even better than how he prepared it himself. Johnny puffed out his chest, gesturing frantically toward the golden turkey that he’d prepared himself with Sue’s supervision.
She looked like she wanted to say more, but the look Carol was giving her seemed to deter her, “Don’t scare him.” Carol simply put, her hand resting on her hip to give her that pose typical of those with power.
Steve craned over to take a peek at the screen, blinking when he had noticed what Tony’s index finger was gesturing to.
“Pep talks. They’re always useful, as long winded as they are.” Though Tony realised it was hardly a pep talk, it was that reassuring lock of eyes, that deep stare that echoed that Steve had the utmost faith in him.
“Thank you... Steve.” He said softly.
“Still am.” Tony pouted and puffed out his chest with pride. “But you have a point. You know some of my armour doesn’t have gold on it anymore, but I’ll make sure to include more gold in future designs for you.” Tony rested his chin on Steve’s broad muscular shoulder, allowing the tip of his bearded goatee to press flat against the soft shirt, to watch him carry on adding a few more spots of detail using gentle shading. The way that Steve would draw would often mesmerise Tony; the way the pencil would scratch against the surface of the paper, the way he would create a masterpiece from a blank slate; Tony Stark was a huge softie for anyone who could create something out of nothing, for obvious reasons.
“So just keep making the world a better place?”
“Christmas?!” He shouts with shock. The clock slid from his grip and tumbled to the floor whilst Tony could do nothing but stare at the blank space in front of him.
“Robot? No, that’s not right. More like… A cyborg, yeah, an augmented human. Cyborg sounds neat though, reminds me of those movies where the guy was half-robot half-cop, geez, I love those movies—any who, yes, I’m a special agent, under a project funded by the NYPD. You see, they wanted to make the perfect detective and of course, I’m the perfect specimen…” He broke to flash Steve a charming ear to ear grin with his pearly whites, “Before this I was a detective, one of the best in the business if I do say so myself.” He wasn’t. In fact, Tony was far from it, sure he was one of the smartest but there was a difference in being a desk jockey and actually taking to the field. “I used to make gadgets, all the time and use them in my work.” That part was true. Tony was once a detective famed for his ingenuity. “One day, while chasing down an infamous crook – Victor Von Doom—I was, well, it was a car accident. My wheels went off the road and then there ya have it, with the work of a great doctor though, using some schematics we’d put together beforehand it’d turned me into… Me. Part machine, part human.”
The second Steve turned around remembering that he had company with him he spotted that warm stare before it was distracted. He couldn’t quite place the attachment he had gained already but it felt good, it felt nice, it felt
They scuttled back a little nervously in tandem.  “You don’t have jurisdiction here, Director Stark.” One meek voice of the two spoke.
“W-what did you do to Tony?!” Steve yelled, wincing under the excruciating pressure. The push to his side was forcing the bones to crack, he could
“Captain Rogers, of the kingdom of Brooklyn!” He said, quick to latch on, after all he had been friends with Tony for over a decade, he knew him well.
Doom laughed again behind his mask, stepping down from his throne with grace that neither Steve nor Tony thought was possible in the weighed armour he was encased within.
“Why is it every time I trust you, someone dies?!” he yelled through clenched teeth.
he was in love with him.
I am an alcoholic.
He limped toward the aroma and then spotted him; Reed was on the ground with chunks of flesh bitten out of him. And yet, instead of feeling sick as he would have normally given the sight, Tony knelt down and sniffed. The smell was coming from him, from his neck, from the red blood that seeped from the gaping raw wounds. Tony licked his lips, or what was left of his bottom lip, and then scooped some of the blood up using his index finger. Again he sniffed at it then cautiously licked the blood. As he did his taste-buds lit up, he could feel himself filling with life again he could feel his hunger intensify after being teased. Slowly he craned closer, menacingly. He found that his impulses were taking over and he licked at Reeds neck, the cold flesh still warmer than his own. He didn’t want to do this, he didn’t want to swoop in like a vulture, but the voices in his head were spurring him on. Tony had given in to the voices in his mind before, he wasn’t as strong willed as others made him out to be. Far from invincible, now overwhelmed with grief from his constant failures particularly in the relationship department and displaying signs of depression – the Tony Stark that used to sing on his way to work was long gone in recent times. That made his mind weak and susceptible to the demons inside him. The darkness that engulfed the room helped shadow Reed’s face…at least that made him feel less guilty as he bent down and tugged at some of the exposed tendons with his fingertips. His hands were shaking with shock as he pulled out a small piece of flesh, biting into it, to his own surprise and actually enjoying the taste. He went for more as he tried to satisfy the hunger that he couldn’t handle. The empty pit in his stomach needed to be filled and satisfied and yet the more he ate, the more he needed. He stopped using his hands after some time and began just biting into Reed’s flesh with his teeth, ravenously swallowing and chewing until blood covered his upper body and face. It was difficult to keep food in his mouth with a lack of bottom lip – chunks would fly out as he yanked the meat from the bone, slippery blood covered meat and now exposed organs fallen from the open chest cavity. Tony wasn’t afraid to break the ribs that obstructed him (so much for those lessons on dinner etiquette that his father had paid hundreds for) and managed to pull out some of the organs, without hesitation he bit into them and watched as they spilled more bodily fluids. Tony feasted like no other, enjoying each different taste and texture, feeling no other emotion than hunger as though his brain filtered out any remorse.
“Yes, I know that, Tony.” He rolled his eyes at being underestimated by his friend, his hands reached over for the food that was in Tony’s arms and he gathered it up. “I’ll purify this; make sure that it’s clean.” Reed said, gesturing for Tony to have a look at Steve’s state.
“…What?”
“B-Bucky..?” Steve looked up, peering over the rim of his hat. “But I… I thought you were…”
“Tony…” Steve nudged him.
He couldn’t quite believe he was working here. This was every cop’s dream; to be stationed in one of the world’s most renowned departments, right in the centre of the city. “Wow…”  Steve was completely Mesmerized, lost in his thoughts and dreams until a firm hand tapped his shoulder.
“I see blurs, Steve, it’s the light, its deflection – simple science can explain…”
Tony eased lower, his body cringing but then relaxing to accommodate Steve, once he was fully rested inside him he dared to open his eyes, looking down at the man who he loved so much, so dearly for so many years.
Steve held him close, not even hesitating for a moment as his grip tightened, his hands held against Tony’s skin.
Steve’s was so caught up in the embrace that he didn’t even realise that he was slowly and very stealthily being carried from the ground. For a while he’d thought it was just typical of a fairy-tale moment where he’d felt as though he was literally on cloud nine; feeling so light and filled with love. It was only when he finally opened his eyes that he’d realised that he was flying, he was actually flying. Tony was holding him tightly and secure and in theory Steve should have felt scared, but in fact, he felt something that he hadn’t in a long time;
“I’ll be able to take over the both of you! And soon, the entire world will be my slaves!”
That little piece of acknowledgement and gratitude from Captain America, his hero, was enough to make his heart race. His expression changed from caution to enthusiasm in a heartbeat. Luckily, his faceplate was hiding that. He didn’t want Cap to think too much of it.
“Tony, we’ve gotta get this car to stop!”
“Morning, soldier…”
“Your employer?”
“So much for a peaceful rest. Yo, room service, anyone ever told you if there’s a sock on the door...” He was cut off when he caught sight of the woman before him. Her long blonde hair swirled behind her as she hovered elegantly in front of the open door, her hands glowing with energy although the once metal patch on her face had extended – rather than just her eye being covered by the plate, she now had a fully metal mask.
“Yeah, like take the same bad guys down for the
“Now what?” Tony asked in a low voice, eyes fixed on the man before him.
“You’ve seen them before?”
“It’s telling me to… rip out your throat with my teeth.”
They walked out into the bright light, shielding their eyes. Tony instead slipped on his somewhat repaired helmet and began taking strides through the city with a much stronger heart. Now that he had Steve by his side he felt invincible.
“No!” Hammer screamed, eyes wide in panic behind his shattered lenses.
“Sarcasm is unnecessary. However, our solution at this time, the best course of action would be to sedate him.”
JARVIS barked judgmentally and led them straight to the door at the end of the hallway, Tony brushing Steve off and laughing nervously before leading the way and whistling innocently as though nothing had happened. Steve was still in shock, but took a deep breath to get his head back in the game.
Steve took to the air too as Peter tried to websling away, though that didn’t stop Tony from holding on as tightly as he could, his legs wriggling as he tried to maintain his balance in the air. Peter couldn’t get far, not at the speed that the man was going even when he was weighed down by the huge armour that was grappling at his arm for some sort of leverage.
Fuck, this is so good, oh my god, Steve Rogers is… Doing this to me, he’s really doing this.
“Why?”
“I got it, Steve and I did a great job though!”
The reason that they were so calm and collected, and the reason that Bucky was so convincing and so willing to shift subject, was that they were manufactured – this was all a manufactured world, stemming from Steve’s memories and changed, thrown into code and re-coded by the scientists in order to simulate what they want, when they want, how they want. Steve’s mind was theirs to control, unbeknownst to the Super Soldier.
He swallowed thickly, feeling guilty. How could he hurt him? How could he hurt this beautiful, loving creature? For so many years he had wished for a guardian, staring at statues and wishing one would come to him, and now one had and he was hurting him, pushing him away like he did to everyone he ever cared for.
“No!!!” Tony screamed at the top of his lungs.
“I see him, he’s getting to his feet, quick!” Steve said, preparing his shield to throw at the figure hidden by smoke.
“What?” Steve and Tony both asked in sync as they stared up at Janet, with Steve getting Hank into his arms again, ensuring he was cradled comfortably.
It was so good to have him back. He couldn’t explain how much he had missed him in those short moments. Pleading to Tony’s humanity was often a painful thing to do, but regardless, it had brought him back to his senses.
Tony sneered with distain but all Doom did was soak in the reaction with such glory, laughing much louder than before. Tony just couldn’t take it, he couldn’t just stand back and watch Reed being tortured and to see his creations being turned into something darker, something more malicious than he had in mind. He couldn’t bare it any longer and prepared his hand for a blast.
Sifting through the rubble was a different story entirely. He began moving the rocks around to free his armoured legs, finally kicking a few of Hammer’s now-dead drones away from him. It was disgusting that the man saw his creations as disposable. Tony had a completely different outlook on everything that he built, which was why he was so sentimental toward his creations. It was almost upsetting to see fallen robotics that were used so carelessly.
than insulting to his ego, intelligence and background.
Steve’s eyes narrowed and he yanked off Tony’s white straps.
“We’ll take you down and destroy that switch.” Steve said firmly.
Steve flinched lightly then let Tony stay as close as he was, wrapping his arms around the man’s lean frame, fingers gliding down his back wishing he could feel him more, his eyes saddening.
When the dark haired man in the armour stared down at the two he noticed it, a gentle smile on Tony’s face as he held his fallen partners hand, fingers interlaced, laying side by side facing one another.
Steve’s blush remained, even as he used his hand to hide half of his face subtly. Carol gestured the others to disperse and leave them alone, giving them both a wink before heading off with the others.
“That’s reassuring.”
His knuckles slammed against the metal coat Doom was encased in, it vibrated after the impact and send a loud shudder through Steve’s bones, but mostly it managed to send Doom crashing back into the throne he was sat in. The hit was certainly painful.
Tony swung his body around and stared wide eyed at his fallen angel, crouching and watching the black blood stain Steve’s wonderfully golden hair. Those wide lifeless eyes staring back at him, glassy and empty.
. Everything.
Tony’s eyes widened, he’d given up trying to fight the fact that this couldn’t be real.  He just needed this, he needed thee comfort and he needed to be held by the man that he practically worshipped once. He needed to be held by the man that he loved with all of his heart. He remembered when Steve had actually said that to him, back then it meant the world to him but now it meant even more. “You’re... Dead because of me...”
“We ran into a few hiccups along the way.” Tony flexed out his temporary arm, “I wanted to replace
He stared up, his eyes filling with shock as he scooted further back on the bed.
Drops began to fall on the mess of papers in front of him, blurring the ink that was scrawled all over them. Water spreading, tainting, blurring the reality, obscuring and acting as a catalyst for the ink to bleed while more and more drops fell from Tony’s eyes onto the paper. His hands balled into fists by his side and he began to sob between gritted teeth.
“How?” he asked, looking from side to side. Looking around was like regarding the world after the first time he’d woken up, a stranger in a strange land. He pushed himself up and quickly glanced around, far too hesitant to leave Tony in the state that he was in.
There was no heartbeat.
“Uh… Son, do you mind telling me where I am?” Steve asked as he knelt down to talk to the child, confused as to where he was and how he got there. But suddenly his wings were more opaque to his own eyes, the tips bending as he looked around, confused.
“Thought I was what, Cap?” The boy placed his hand on Steve’s jacket shoulder, gently trying to lift him to his feet. “You’re day dreamin’ ain’t ya, come on now. I know you’re all arty but there ain’t no need to be carryin’ that creative brain of yours to reality.” Bucky chuckled.
They were united.
Whilst lying face down, he knew he had one last hope. Shutting his eyes and rolling to face Steve. “It’s okay Steve. Remember no matter what, it’ll be okay. You can do this.” He smiled the bright light in the middle of his chest lighting up further and further.
The heat rose to Tony’s already flushed expression, staring through long lashes at the man and his adoring gestures.
Tony stopped, raising his hand to his face, covering his mouth as he turned his head to stare at Steve with disbelief, “How did you know that?”
He let a sigh of relief escape his lips whilst the warm waters coated his body. He could stay in there forever, enjoying the feeling of each crystal trickle cascade down his spine.
“Yeah. Happens all the time.” He smiled, a little sadly.
Janet was busy taking photos of everyone, ensuring that she was getting the best selfies, even with Bruce who didn’t look too happy to be there. Hawkeye was having fun with Falcon, balancing a beer bottle on top of his head while sitting in front of the TV that took up the space of the entire wall, pressing buttons quickly with their tongues poking out as they fought each other in the latest edition of Mortal Kombat. Clint was having far too much fun trying out the brand new fatalities on Sam, who was getting frustrated and would occasionally nudge Clint to try and throw him off.  Natasha and T’Challa were obviously the cool kids, relaxing on the huge leather couches that Tony had bought for the living room. Vision and Hank were relaxing opposite T’Challa, and Natasha watching Thor down around 20 bottles of beer without so much as batting an eyelid. The music was loud, the atmosphere was happy and everything was perfect. The party lit up even more when their buddies from the Baxter Building popped over to celebrate.
Steve’s eyes were darting about erratically as he held Tony, gliding down to the city alleys.  Tony’s chest jolted and he winced, gazing up at the man whose silhouette was highlighted by the risen sun.
He was being touched by Captain America.
Steve tilted his head slightly, “They are wings Tony… You know, all this time, I’d forgotten, I’d thought I was having a dream but… I really am an angel.” He said. There was an inflection of disbelief in his voice, as though he couldn’t fully comprehend the fact that he was a soldier of God. But it explained a lot; like those flashes where he would have wings and the flashbacks where he would envision himself in the clouds. It seemed somewhat surreal to actually say that he was an angel, but now that he knew Tony was one too he could openly confess such things, that aside, he would have probably told Tony anyway. They had a special relationship, one where they could tell each other anything in the world.
“Oh, Reed’s special too, he was part of an experiment when he went exploring in space back in his astronaut days and was affected by some strange cosmic rays, got a special power and all—elasticity. Isn’t it FANTASTIC? That’s why I call him Mr. Fantastic; he modelled my extending arms over his own. Plus, fantastic rhymes with elastic. See what I did there?” Tony explained enthusiastically before Steve had even reached over to shake Reed’s hand. He’d read about that space exploration mission that had gone awry when they were hit by cosmic rays, but he never thought he’d meet one of the astronauts themselves.
Jessica stared at him, deadpan.  “Looks like you’re prepping for a date. Hurry up, will ya? The longer he’s kept waiting the more he rages, and trust me, no one wants to deal with Chief yelling at us all day… Gives me a headache.”
“What
Neither of them were a match for Hammer and Killgrave on their own, but together they were strong and mighty, especially with the help of the others who were ensuring that no more drones slipped in and cornered them.
The touch of lips sent a spark through
“Its times like these you could really use a drink, huh?” he asked with a weak smile, trying to shake the remainder of blood and dark fluid off his mechanical hand.
“Winghead… I like it.”
The little boy stared up at Steve and smiled brightly, getting up from his toys and running over to a small chest of drawers, gesturing for Steve to come over. Steve rose to his feet and walked over to Tony, watching as the boy pulled out his bottom drawer, pulling out all of his socks and then pulling off a false bottom on the drawer, and then from the false bottom, getting out a Captain America action figure and holding it up to Steve.
“They’re blaming Tony for this!? But it can’t have been him, I went into the lab, I didn’t see any killer robot, I just saw little helper robots. HELEN, do you know anything about this?”
“Lucky charm of Tony Stark,” he said, squatting down on the floor and pulling his mask back over his face.
There was no getting through to Osborn. He had become drunk on power and driven insane by his lust for it, he was standing there, foaming at the mouth just talking about it. “Steve… Look at me.”
“I’m not in the mood today, Steve… It’s been a long and horrible day; I’ve had enough antagonising for a month, and from my best friend. I don’t need it from my… Captain.” He carped.
“I hate magic.” Tony muttered, internally coursing through flashbacks where a magician at his 4
The second that Tony was thrown against the wall, Steve winced, feeling a pain rise up his legs and up his calves, feet jittering and trying to inch their way toward Tony. It was as though he felt Tony’s pain, but he didn’t know how that could be possible.
The robot stared at him, confused but then slowly nodded its head.
“I don’t claim, I
Cautiously he stepped toward it to take a better look. The first thing he noticed was that his eyes were icy blue and his pupils looked constricted, it looked demonic with black veins instead of red streaming along the whites of his eyes. He leaned closer to have a better look; placing his hands just on his cheeks and slightly tugging on his skin so that he could see into his own eyes better. His skin was pale, sickly looking. His face seemed sunken in, cheekbones seemed sharper and angular. His hands trailed down to his lips that were pale in colour, then to his hands that were skeletal and seemed unfamiliar. His muscles looked as though he was starting to fade away and yet he remained tall in stature wondering how the serum still maintained its effect, but whatever condition he was in it seemed to be beyond any of the scientists, it seemed much was to be explained to him. His hair hung dead even as he tried to push it back into it’s neat parting, it seemed to just lay heavy and without lustre.
Professionalism was long gone by now.
“Osborn! Stop messing around, you’re delaying the inevitable!” Tony shouted.
“Shhh... I’m here... Tony, I’m here...” He said, lifting Tony’s face to rub his cheek against the boys.
“No no, your other left!”
small.” Tony pointed out.
“Where’s Cap?” Tony said as he looked toward Peter, facing the boys back.
“The second we get out of here we’re going to be surrounded.” Natasha sighed, replacing the magazine in her pistol.
After his walk through the streets of ghosts, parading himself in front of them to give their looks he returned to his desolate home that was littered with papers and machine parts. He walked inside, thinking to himself that there was always one ghost that never showed his face and that was the very one that he wanted to confront.
.” He said.
When Steve returned his thanks, Tony felt his heart swell, turning to Reed. “Let’s get him more food.”
Clint snorted loudly, stepping out with his hand gesturing for Bruce to follow him out so that they could leave together. T’Challa merely shrugged at Tony before stepping out himself only after muttering, “I’ll help evacuate the city too.” To which everyone agreed was a good idea whilst going their separate ways.
“We had our differences. But he’s left me a company; I’ve lost it and built it back up, from scratch. This company is mine now, not my fathers. And I aim to make the world better in the future, as long away as that may be. But you know what they say, there’s no real catching the future.”
Please…
“Hey, look whos here with presents.” Tony spread his arms and eyed the man who shuffled to his feet before him, staggering a little and stepping up to Tony.
“Don’t mention it; now don’t prove me wrong okay? There’s probably a pot going around somewhere in the building for how long you’ll last. I’ll be sure to put myself in for the last slot, don’t let me down.” She held up her mug to him.
“Wanted to get rid of the second arm since the first was so entertaining but I’ll suppose I’ll let him keep one for now, until he’s done with my—our – bidding.”
“You better get some shuteye too, Tony, I don’t want you slacking in training tomorrow.” He winked.
Ben Grimm
“I’m not going to make that promise, Steve.” He said forthright. “Because I’m going to fix you.”
“Neither do you, sir.”
“This was not Mr. Stark’s doing, Mr. Rogers,” she confirmed.
“Seen it for myself; Moon knight was with us, he was caught in that glass cell and he went insane. Went crazy and started attacking everyone, killed your friend in red, the blind punk. Then he just dropped and they took him away… The next day that was aired everywhere. ‘Superheroes are evil’. That headline with the footage was broadcasted around the world, so I’ve been told. Now everyone fears you guys, and we ain’t no different. They can’t tell the difference between us and you,” he explained bitterly, with a hint of disgust trailing his last few words.
“Security access is limited to Fury, huh? So I take it he’s hiding something…” As he had proven during acquisition of SHIELD, nothing was too big for Tony to handle, even though being Director was proving particularly difficult, especially when he was trying to solidify and fine-line the details of an act he had in mind, but that could wait till a later date. Now he was focused on finding out what exactly it was Fury was trying to keep under wraps, and it was the ideal time, knowing that the man wasn’t there to stop him somehow. Even though Tony was the director, Fury always found a way to maintain his power, but that was soon to be undone.
Tony scoffed. “And when
@tonystark · 3m ago
Tony shrugged. “A bathroom would be nice.”
The first thing to do is find out what year he’s stuck on. He walks up to a newspaper post and picks one up.
“A tea, maybe?” asked Pepper. Steve shook his head. Rhodey nodded and left to the kitchen. Pepper then sighed. “He thinks I’m deluding myself. But I know what I’m talking about. Tony isn’t dead.”
He wouldn’t be able to go on living if she had vanished. The guilt alone would kill him.
“I need your help,” admitted Nebula between her teeth, breaking the silence. Tony studied her.
Tony looked at his hands, rough and dirty.
Tony got up from the chair abruptly, walking in circles around the chair. He approached the huge picture window of the apartment, and observed the city somberly, feeling like a movie character, brooding into the distance. The city was noisy, chaotic, gray, familiar. An entanglement of circulations and crossed roads, high walls to the sky, eternal itineraries. Chaos in its purest state, chaos from which creation is born. He had rarely thought about the longing for anonymity, the idea of being one of the bunch.
“Quantum engagement doesn't decay, right?” asked Natasha from the pilot seat. Tony shook his head.
At least he should say goodbye.
“I don’t have a clean way to seal the tank,” replied Tony. Nebula scoffed.
He had killed a man.
Darkness evolved Tony like an ocean, dragging him to its depths. The view was fantastic. But he needed to break to the surface and breathe.
Luck was never on his side. If it was, Thanos would have been more effective while stabbing him and would have aimed for his chest, finishing the job. But destiny was cruel, and vicious. If things had been easier he wouldn’t have to be agonizing on a dying planet, desperately trying to remember his first aid training, knowing it was useless while trying to perform surgery on himself.
He never saw Bucky, because fate had decided his two worlds were incompatible.
Nobody said much else after that. When they were finished eating, each one retreated back to their respective corners of the facility. Steve decided to visit the dock. He sat in a bench, staring out at the water.
“Honestly I don’t care, I use twitter to throw up what comes out of my mind.”
He couldn't betray his word. He physically couldn't. The mere thought of breaking his promise to him was ten times more repulsive than the tempting idea of ordering a glass of something.
“We did,” replied Rhodey. “It’s still plugged in, it just… stopped.”
“Get food supplies. Terrans can digest most standard ration bars, so buy those.” She reached into one of Tony’s cape’s pockets and dropped a couple of credits. “Don’t talk to anyone, don’t look anyone in the eyes, don’t breathe too loudly. Don’t die.”
Nebula blinked at him, like she couldn't understand a word of what he had just said. Then she rolled her eyes.
After a while, Steve left. He retrieved to his quarters and sat down on his bed, exhausted. He hadn’t done anything physically demanding, but he felt tired deep in his bones.
One by one, they had started to disappear. But Peter, oh Peter.
His head was still a mess. He was fine while he was focused, distracted. Fixing up the ship had been a good distraction. But now he had time to sit and enjoy the raging storm of his mind. It was going to be a long journey.
The temperature was raising. He could feel his skin getting hot through the oxygen suit. The armor was prepared to sustain immensely high temperatures, and he was starting to feel the difference.
Being born in a golden cradle had opened infinite doors, given him the opportunity to get up one day and decide that he wanted to build a colony on Mars and virtually no one could say no. But the power that money gave him was a double-edged sword.
“And leave-” his face twisted painfully. “Leave them?”
Nebula turned to him, her blue complexion pale and her eyes terrified.
“That’s if Tony’s even al-” muttered Rhodey.
“Oh, it’s you,” she said, haughty, and lowered her sword. Tony walked closer to her.
Tony did not believe in ghosts, but he was not willing to discover the concept of haunted for an alien either. Besides, she was right. His heart burned at the thought of leaving Peter there (but there was nothing to leave, he was no more than ash.) He needed to return to earth. It was ridiculous to think that the day before he had been walking in Central Park with Pepper. It felt like years ago.
Steve looked at the device and studied it with his eyes. “Reboot it and send the signal again.”
In less than 30 seconds he got a response:
Pepper started laughing.
“You haven’t showered in a week, Steve. Supersoldier sweat it’s not a very pleasant smell to coexist with.”
And treacherous. The sky that was visible from the windows of the Guardian’s ship had different stars. Constellations of another civilization. He felt like a foreigner, lost with a map in another language he didn’t understand. Far away was his beloved Betelgeuse, the proud Sirius, the furious Antares. Or maybe they were very close. He would never be able to know.
. With a sigh, Tony fixed the hood of his cape over his head and started to walk the market, looking for a food stall. A group of kids ran past him, knocking him around, and he covered his pockets. When he finally found a food vendor who wasn't too sketchy looking, he picked up a dozen of those ration bars that looked similar to those that he had found inside the Guardian’s ship. Satisfied, he started to walk back to their meeting point.
“I had other things in mind,” he supplied as excuse. Natasa smiled at him, slowly, entirely lacking joy.
“Not biologically, no,” the constant state of dullness in his head allowed him to speak without fear. It was like being drunk: he understood the words he said a second after they had left his mouth. He had no control or filter, but he was not ashamed either. “But I loved him like he was.”
Peter was an open wound in Tony’s chest. One that probably would never heal. It sat there, agonizing and bitter, along with the wounds that his parents had left. Or Jarvis’, who had been his father in all the ways that mattered.
Clint started to laugh with joy. Bruce shook his head, smiling widely. Natasha amd Thor had already vanished.
Of course, Tony thought fondly, everything is a competition for him. But it fell good to have someone to take the punches with.
When Tony was a teenager he fell in love with the stars. He took an astrophysics and cosmology course at MIT, and dreamed of building his own rocket and exploring the skies. He had big plans: to reactivate the space race, to begin sidereal colonization. He would start with a scientific base on the Moon, then a colony on Mars. If he was lucky, he would move there himself. He would form a family and he would never have to see his parents again.
She closed her hands into fists.
They zigzagged around stalls, people, and moving vehicles. Tony could hear the men behind them, following them on their own speeders and shooting at them. He maneuvered around a corner, trying to duck the fire. And strangely enough, Nebula was laughing.
The next morning, Steve wandered into the kitchen where Bruce was serving breakfast. Thor was wearing the same clothes from the night before, and Natasha seemed busy fixing up a travel bag.
Sometimes Tony dreamed. Most of the time he slept in silence, his mind calm in a state of white noise. But sometimes, a dream consumed him until there was nothing left of him except for his bones.
She closed her mouth with a loud
@firstgrop · 3m ago
@captainamerica · 1m ago
said a familiar voice in his head. Tony stopped at the edge of the platform for a second.
“Are you going somewhere?” asked Steve, worried. Natasha ignored him. He sighed, tired of her attitude.
Nebula sat at the bar and ordered a glass of something thick and acid. She gestured him to the back of the room where the door to the restrooms were. Tony resigned himself to his fate and went to the nasty alien bathroom.
“Yes, Gamora deserved to kill him” added Rocket
“Yes, my little one, you can release your true form now”
“Ah so they didn’t recognize me?” asked Tony raising an eyebrow
“I see” nodded Stephen.
“We haven’t seen him since the outbreak,” said Sam walking toward the king
“A bit too much for the name” laughed Rocket
“I’m really glad for you” smiled Gamora sweetly.
“Yes I feel better without this entity in my head,” said Vision coming through the wall “Thank you, princess Shuri”
“Thank you Carol” smiled Rhodey kissing her
“I see you found each other,” said Doom from behind
Stephen was looking at Peter and Shuri with a smile. They were around Vision, asking me a bunch of questions. Peter was really curious about what happens and Shuri was checking if everything was all right.
“So how do you know Edward,” asked Rhodey with a smile
“Well with all my powers, of course i need a long rest.” snorted Tony
“Sure come in” said T’Challa smiling brightly
“Thor please let him down” asked Natasha
Stephen sat back on his chair with a sigh of relief. Doom was not going to hurt Tony. He smiled ironically, a villain was more concerned about Tony’s well-being that his supposed teammates. Thor sat back on his chair as well, he wasn’t very reassured but he needed to have faith. Charles was looking around the room concerned, his husband wasn’t here anymore, he had pretexted an emergency but Charles knew his husband and he was sure that his beloved was on his way to Doom’s Castle
Peter Parker was on the balcony looking at the guardians Bruce and Thor laughing together. That look like a team or more than that a family. He sighed once more, the avengers would never be like this anymore.
“Yes but the time is not on our side, Doom could do anything to Anthony” answered Thor angry.
Rhodey took one of Tony’s hand. He hated when he couldn’t do a thing to help his best friend. Stephen was really concerned for Tony but his mind couldn’t took his thought about Edward. Everything was so weird, Edward leave for an unknown reason and Tony was back and not in a good shape. That didn’t look like a coincidence and the sorcerer would investigate more. His thoughts were interrupted when a huge crashing noise where heard from the exterior
Steve was walking back and forth in front of the door. Everyone had gone, into their rooms or training but Steve wanted to stay here, he wanted to see Tony as soon as he woke up. He was totally restless. And he was really pissed off, Who was Rhodey to forbid the access to the Hospital. Stephen was on his way to the medical room once again but stopped when he saw Steve walking like a lion in a cage. That guy was persistent, and he really didn’t want to fight, the hot chocolate for Peter will be cold, and Stephen will not face the puppy eyes again. He sighed before stepping into the light
“Come one i know you can do it” continued Thanos “ Just change your body from the inside”
“My mentor and I guess one of my parental figures” smiled Peter sweetly
“You can but not anyone” replied Shuri” Peter,Rhodey, Carol, Stephen, Thor, Bruce are clear to see him but for the rest, you will have to wait”
“Bullshit” spatted Clint once again “ A nice made up story but i don’t trust it”
Rhodey took place in the seat next to Tony’s bed and Peter sat on the other side wen the others let him do it. Thor quickly took a chair and place it next to Peter. Bruce Carol and Stephen sat in front of the bed on the couch
“Are you ok, kid?” asked Erik raising an eyebrow noticing Peter’s tense face
“Oh i see but why?” asked Bucky curious
“Thanos has the reality stone” said Gamora entering inside the room” Rocket sent me a message
“Did that hurt?” asked Peter curious
“And what about them?” asked Natasha pointing at Thor and the others.
“Ah finally” smirked Tony showing his true form
Tony was looking at the figure sleeping in his bed, well that was so easy to create a clone. Now he will be able to go on earth looking for the owner of the two infinity stones. Seen if they were worth it. He needed to see the two different side of course, so with a smirk, he disappear direction earth. He arrived inside a forest and he immediately used his power to become invisible. Well seemed perfect the two owners were in the same place, that will be easy. He stopped when he saw two very muscular men talking and laughing, the blond guy was oddly familiar. Earth had some awesome looking men, well he was right to come here. He passed them with a smirk, too bad that he was invisible. He flew toward the giant palace, the two stones were inside. So let’s see if they were worthy of having the stones. If they were, he will think about helping them. The closest one was the mind stone. So he just passed through a wall and stared at the owner. Well he looked very familiar, something in his guts, was telling him he was the creator of the android. Well his past human life was surely interesting. He scanned the android and found him grieving for the lost of his creator and in the same time a fire was burning for saving him. Well he was surely worthy of this stone. Ok then one worthy, the next one then. He flew inside the palace again and looked for the time stone. She was not really far from the mind stone. He passed a door and found a magician talking with the cutest boy ever.
“I’m sorry for glaring at you, mighty soul stone”  said Proxima quickly bowing at him
“He is going to be fine right?” asked Peter with a small voice
“Congrats” said Tony flying away.
“Well, he likes to make people wait,” smirked Pepper looking at her best friend “But please don’t worry too much, he will wake up”
“Why not us?” asked Steve confuse
“You are clever little one, i need you for something as well, follow me” smirked Thanos leaving the room
“I almost died because of him but Tony saved me” smiled Peter but he frowned.almost instantly “ So this guy was in prison for 8 years and decided that the best way to celebrate is freedom was to attack Tony again”
“Thor? you were supposed to protect us” said the dwarf” Asgard was supposed to protect us
Stephen was looking at Peter and Shuri who were watching some memes, in the huge computer. He was smiling sweetly at the scene. Peter rapidly, became friend with Shuri, they had the same interest about a lot of things and they were genius.
“Thanos” simply said the dwarf sitting
“Well this is my personal area, no one can come here except for me” smiled Thanos “ But i recently changed it, just for you my precious gem.”
“So you want to help us,” said Steve not noticing T’Challa and Okoye
“Oh, and how can I help you?” asked Shuri raising an eyebrow
“No we can’t, we need to save him as soon as we can”
“No, our ship is not good for that,” said Rocket entering inside the training” He needs improvement”
“Stop that”
“Oh who?” asked Tony very curious
“Viz?” asked Peter turning around “ Why are you here?”
“Bloody Tony, too good for this goddamn world” mumbled Logan.
The room was very luxurious, the bed was a four-poster bed. The mattress looked very comfy. For the rest of the room, they had a very comfortable looking couch and a huge flat-screen TV. Peter walked toward a door and found the bathroom. The bathroom was very luxurious like the bathroom, a jacuzzi was in the middle of the room. Peter was impressed, Doom wasn’t kidding when he was saying, he was a guest of honour. He sat on the bed and took his phone from his pocket and called May.
“I will stay here with my creator then” replied Vision accepting
“Don’t speak like this, Tony Stark was a great form for you” smiled Carol” But this is your new look now?”
“Clint” answered Natasha
“Why not” blushed Tony slightly.
“Guys, i need to speak with you” said Rhodey running in the room
“Deadpool” answered Rhodey walking faster
“Now you can really think about yourself and us” replied Wanda smiling brightly
Peter laughed madly at that, she was so easy to tease. That was so funny. Shuri looked at him with a smile and ran toward him. Peter with a scream,  ran and escaped the room with Shuri who was chasing him. Stephen laughed at them, kid would be kid no matter what. With Thanos and everything, they had some innocent moments, that was really important. Vision was looking at the door, with a fond smile. Peter was really precious and Shuri was amazing. He couldn’t wait to have Tony back here, for him to enjoy those moments.
Stephen was finalizing his costume and his hair. The dinner was approaching and he needed to be perfect for the night. The cloak of Levitation was resting on his shoulders. He leave his room and walked toward the dining room smiling.
“Damn you’re strong” laughed Gamora “ Well done”
“I know what you are trying to do Buck, and no i’m not jealous”
“Your Highness, we had an unauthorized take-off, two minutes ago,” said one of the guards coming inside
“We are very sorry for this but this guy seems to be unstoppable,” said Okoye appearing behind him looking furious
“Saving the universe” laughed Carol “ And what about you, you had awake at last”
“Peter, what are you doing here?” asked Shuri surprised, his friend never leave Tony’s bedside
“Well fuck,” laughed Logan from his seat “ Those kids have more balls than us.”
Not far from the commotion, Peter and Groot were running toward the room, they heard about the arrival of Clint and that was worrying them. They finally reached the door and opened the door. Well that was worth that they imagined. Thor was holding Clint by the throat and the rest of the room were ready to fight.
“Go, with this gone, my power will come again and i will heal. So please don’t worry about me” smiled Tony closing his eyes
“Well, it's nice to train with a strong woman” said Gamora accepting the help
Hey guys the new chapter is here!!
“Yes you are smarter than me and even Tony” laughed Bruce
“Never seen you that soft.” laughed Rocket
“This one is the most impressive one i guess” laughed Peter pointing the screen
“And that was created, just like this” smiled Tony finishing his story
“This is a lie, Thor was holding Clint by the throat” said Natasha furious” You are a bunch of liars”
Thanos walked again, well his daughter was faithful not like his two other treacherous daughters Nebula and Gamora. They will regret this of course after the awakening of his treasure
“Well Tony had his part of wrong of course but that was just violent” added Bruce
“Yes about that, you had been kidnapped?” asked Carol judging him
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tony deserved what i said, he is a coward and he ruined my life” spatted Clint
“My super-strength is still here and my flying ability, but I don’t have the rest” answered Vision
Doom stepped inside his castle with his precious burden. He dismissed every servant who was trying to take Tony from him. He passed a corridor quickly and entered in a huge living room. In the centre of it was a huge healing tank who was touching the floor and the ceiling. He gently placed Tony inside of it and he used his powers to place differents tubes around him and a breathing one in his mouth, then he fills it with a healing liquid. “Those fools almost killed you by their stupid medicine, but rest assured, that I will protect you and I will heal you. Your brain is too precious and I’m not ready to lose you yet my love.” Doom put his forehead against the tank before leaving the room, he needed a shower after all of that.  In his way to his bedroom, he told one of his servants to not enter inside the living room and warned the others as well. He took his shower, feeling exhausted all of sudden. He was supposed to be powerful and above human emotions but seeing a hurt Tony was making him feels. This was terrible but in the other way, very interesting to know that one person was able to make him feel.  He leaves his bathroom before laying down on his bed thinking.
“It is true, he insult my dear Anthony and i can’t let this pass” agreed Thor looking furious
“Yes but seriously i saw that footage too and the captain slammed his shield in his chest a bit rough.” said Rocket “ And for the record i’m Team tony stark since he saved our asses.”
“You are in the most advanced country of earth, be respectful” snapped Rhodey furious “They can easily save Tony” added Bruce
“No, you are an amazing patient, who follow my instruction” blushed Shuri at the praise
“Yes, i will not stand this” boomed Thor not happy
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s a cage made for a soul stone so i’m useless” sighed Tony
(See the end of the chapter for
Shuri was watching Peter cautiously. The young boy was really  shaken by the arrival of the stranger, she didn’t know why. So she took him inside his lab and they were actually playing videos games.
“Everyone, I did it, Vision doesn’t have the mind stone anymore” smiled Shuri brightly
See you for the next one!
“Clint Barton”
“Before the invasion, i hope” replied T’Challa
“Are you going to judge me about that?” said Steve crossing his arms
“What’s wrong?” asked Carol curious
T’challa looked at where Strange was pointing and laughed. The guardians, Bruce Thor and Peter were playing tag all together but with super powers and gadgets so the scene was even more funny. Shuri was even here playing with them. Yes even if the avengers were broken, this people will help saving Tony.
“My lord, for winning the approvement of the soul stone you must show him that you are serious about this quest.”  said the advisor
“How do you know that Hawkeye said some shit about Tony?” asked Charles curious
“one of his minions tried to kill me so i had to but that was too soon, too fast and it’s not good.”
Thanks for kudos and comments
“Go take care of him. I love you my beloved” replied Magneto, his husband answered back before leaving his mind.
“Ah cool” smiled Rocket” I guess we are arriving”
“You should say it louder” replied Sam
“Clint cannot be alone in this. Who is with him?” asked Vision very concerned for his creator
“Well i will know more during our diner” smiled Stephen
“He looked more like an overprotective mother and you are more like my wise dad” laughed Peter
Tony’s heart stopped for a full minute. He stared at the screen, stunned. Did… did Steve just ask him out? And come out on twitter?
Nebula had parked the ship on the outskirts of some kind of shop. She paid a small creature with tentacles on its head and said something in a language that was completely indecipherable for Tony. The creature went to the shop and came back with a jerrycan of something. Tony assumed it was fuel for the ship. He watched the creature walk up to the Benatar and open a compartment behind the right wing.
“We have a couple of hours until we can collect the ship from the shop,” she informed him. “Is there anything you feel it’s absolutely necessary before we go? It’s a long trip.”
Tony cleared his throat. “I can only imagine how awful he was as a father.”
“Hello Steve,” she said. “It’s good to see you.”
Nobody was paying attention to the alley where Nebula easily and quickly got rid of her attackers one by one with her swords. Tony watched in awe as she ducked their pathetic attempst at catching her, and cut their kneecaps, thoats and arms off their bodies with fluid movements.
Nebula rolled her eyes, but gestured him to follow her. She guided him through the crow for a couple of blocks until they reached a nasty looking, hole-in-the-wall bar by the edge of the town. Without preamble, she entered with firm steps. Tony was sure he had seen nastier places back in the day, when his liver was twenty years younger and his self preservation instincts were strictly non existent.
“Read the people’s answers, Tony. No,
It wasn't like the thought hadn't crossed Tony's mind. In fact, he was talking to a physical manifestation of his own subconscious. He knew he should be doing more, but he had reached rock bottom.
Nebula cursed under his breath and hit the main computer. Stupid,
Tony just stared at her, feeling stupid.
“Hey,” they heard steps behind them and turned around to see Rhodey entering the room. “That thing just stopped doing whatever the hell it was doing.”
Tony blinked several times. “Excuse me?”
“Hey! I’m a smart person!” Tony was outraged. He was a genius!
Everyone was consumed by grief. Not even at wartime had he seen such levels of human loss. Nobody was spared. There wasn’t a single place in the universe where he could be safe from the overwhelming sadness around him.
“Hey, you, bitch!” screamed one of the men from the corner, and Tony froze in his place. Nebula turned to them baring her teeth, feral. “Aren't you one of Thanos’ bastards?”
Five laser guns were pointed at her head. “Say that again,” dared he one of the men. Tony was regretting every life decision that had led him to this precise moment. And Nebula was so fucking drunk.
“It’s not that. If I leave the gap dirty with fuel it might explode when I seal it.”
Tony tried to not feel too proud of himself. “It’s sort of my thing.”
In appearance, nothing had changed since last time they were there ten days ago. In reality, everything had changed.
, his mind echoed.
Tony had a bad feeling about this.
Soon they realized food was going to be a problem. The cupboards in the kitchen were practically empty, and the food they had brought from the market consisted of ten rations and nothing else. They rummaged the entire ship up and down and only found expired treats and some junk food half eaten, half rotten.
Steve just wanted to go home.
He was sure she didn’t mocked him because she was too concentrated on the ship’s controls. Or maybe she was already starting to warm up to him.
Fortunately, Tony's pants were still in condition to be worn, so he simply borrowed a red shirt from Quill. It was big, but it was comfortable anyway.
“If there’s a change it’s Tony, then we must take the risk,” answered Steve without looking at him. Thor sighed. Steve turned to confront him, then. “We have to try. What if he’s lost? What if he needs us?”
“You need to do something about this, Tony. You’re going to die,” protested Thor while Tony was busy vomiting the bile from his empty stomach for the third time that day.
. Using the laser to melt the metal was going to end up in flames. He couldn't use tape to seal a fuel tank, they were going to need a reliable fix if they were to ever jump back into hyperspace. He needed a material that would hold up the temperature and the pressure difference….
Suddenly, Steve snapped his fingers with renewed enthusiasm. Everyone turned to look at him.
With slow steps and clinging to the side of the ship, Tony walked down the outer walkway that led to the bottom where the tanks were. His hands felt like plasticine and his body sweated cold. One bad step and everything would end in an instant. A bad breath, a scratch on his spacesuit, and the endless darkness would swallow him forever.
And he had thrown it all away.
She took one look at him and all her anger melted.
Tony certainly wanted to keep his head where it was placed, thank you very much.
With his body trembling, he sat at the edge of the bunk bed. He released a little moan of anguish, and taking a deep breath, he brought his hands to the wound. The nanoparts had cauterized the skin around it, preventing him from losing more blood, but a huge part of the armor was still inside his body.
