She moved confidently about the room, settling on the chair closest to the corner and picked up what looked to be some wool yarn and knitting that had been stopped mid-progress. Sherlock couldn’t help but to try and focus his eyes, but it was making his head hurt so much more that he finally closed his eyes and let his neck relax so his head could be nestled against the pillow once again. He’d be able to figure it all out once he woke up properly soon enough.
I opened my eyes. His face was very serious.
“No.”
“No, no, it’s a sweet. One of my favourites really. Well from here.”
“So, mind telling me why you are here?” The doctor spoke clearly as his voice carried from the kitchen. “You weren’t vandalising... or using the house for... ‘recreational’ purposes.”
"There’s no reason to cover here, John.” Sherlock once again held his gaze, the almost concern was certainly there. “Not with me.”
"I don't think he likes me," I confided. I still felt queasy. But now for an entirely different reason.
“But there is no... well I suppose there is... but you...”
He could not go to John this way.
“Are you?”
"I do, My'c. Please speak plainly, we are not men of pleasantries." Sh'loc was glad that his irritation showed through his words. It would warm him a little to know that he had once again 'ruffled' his sibling. "The hour is late here, as you well know."
I couldn’t help but to smile, Greg had been very good to me since I’d been here. I knew it was something like that. Thinking of him making a fuss about me made me smile a little. It was different to be, well, cared for. Thankfully, Mr Gregson started class at that moment. Better than embarrassing myself, I tried to concentrate as he explained the lab we would be doing today. The slides in the box were out of order. Working as lab partners, we had to separate the slides of and label them accordingly. In twenty minutes, he would be coming around to see who had it right.
"Nothing," I answered. I had no reason to feel self-conscious; I reminded myself. "I'll just get a bunty today."
“Tell me this: no one has had you, except your own exploration?”
"They seemed nice enough to me. I just noticed they kept to themselves. They're, um, very attractive," I added, before thinking about what I was saying.
“It’s so. Are you-”
I kissed the side of his face, little soft things offering comfort. I understood the confusion; would most likely deal with my own later that night. For now though, this was the most beautiful thing that had ever happened in my life until this point and I was not going to let it just slip away.
“I’m quite sure, Miss Hooper.” The voice came from the other side of a tall backed office chair.
The losing card I'll someday lay
“I didn’t mind your fingers touching, it’s that-” God, I could not sound more like an idiot. “well, you must have scuffed your shoes along or something. Got a shock. I’m not-” I glanced up, and he was staring at me, that same inexplicable look of frustration in his eyes. Suddenly I identified that subtle difference in his face. “Hey, did you say you're anemic?”
It was a claiming, that I knew, and I accepted. I'd jumped both feet and was giddy with it. His arm holding me solidly against him, his other hand against my cheek slipping down to caress my jaw and neck, landing against my pulse; the sharp staccato even more pronounced against his fingertips. It was flying and I was soaring along with it, the thrill of his lips against mine, his mouth slowly opening, little sips of my lips, deeper kisses teased at. I was in the clouds and this had to be Heaven. Sherlock, my own personal angel. He bloody well looked like one, especially now, as I turned in his arms, the afternoon light filtering in. He positively glowed. Ethereal.
Uncaring.
'Cause suicide is painless
There were a few moments of silence where tin and china could be heard. “Why not your dorm room then? Or flat?”
“Soon- end of reconstruction,” Anderson toggled a few things at the console. “Beginning reanimation.” A whoosh of air came through the chamber they were all cloistered in as the latent buzz of electricity picked up in hertz. “Activating life support... removing shield.”
As she walked off, her tittering laugh clawing at his lungs.
He could feel the warmth stoked to a flame within him. “I want you, sir. Want to be indelibly marked. Yours.” Sherlock raised his eyes to the glass and was shocked at the picture they made. Him, properly pinked, eyes glassy with want, lower lip dark from biting; John full of mirth and echoing the need in a much crisper way Sherlock felt so deeply. “I wanted to be somewhat open for you, to make the process easier on us both.”
"Oh no," I moaned, covering my face with my hands.
"Yes?"
“John, love. After, you may always call me John.” Small kisses peppered his forehead and sweat damp curls. “Nothing to be sorry for. It’s fine. Normal too. Can be. Such intense thing, orgasms.”
"People do little else." He shrugged. "This isn't safe, for you. Us."
I was not mollified.
“Blackwood! It’s a cab, not an off-world tactical vehicle! I’m careful-”
The next few days flew past, and yes people did talk. But not to us. But again, we weren't an us at school, only after class was out for the day. It was rapidly becoming habit for Sherlock to wait by my car end of day, so much so that he had ridden in a Landrover to school with his family instead of driving himself. It felt ridiculous to be happy about something so small, but it seemed as if Sherlock was trying to show that he cared in his own way. When he wasn't berating me for being an idiot in maths, but then he'd soothed it by claiming everyone was an idiot, but I was most certainly not incompetent as them, but more or less non-honed.
The sultry computer voice greeted him, telling him fuel levels, the temperature outside, rate and flow of traffic. As the seals begin to hiss and whine, the safely door opened to a view of the megalopolis that London has become. John wistfully thinks of pictures from his great-great-grandmother and how things used to be. Certainly not this writhing insane bustle. Maybe he needed a vacation.
"Hey, Sherlock, I'm really sorry-" Philip began.
I try to find a way to make
"Well I think you don't have half a brain if you said that to her." I paused for a moment, hating the wave of guilt that swept through me. "Philip, look, she likes you. You have to know."
“Take me
Sherlock smiled mischievously to himself. “Date tonight before your shift?”
"No." I paused.
to force the issue knowing that my family will move to have us married sooner. In reality, it will only assure my releasing her as I had wished to do before I came here for good."
And then they found us, a crowd of people with tears streaming down their faces, shouting at each other, shouting at us. I was thankful for us both. I'd never seen someone have such an adverse reaction to seeing blood as I often had. I felt sorry for him.
and I can take or leave it if I please.
“Anderson, it would be wise of you to shut your mouth and let the adults have a moment of introspection for the lives lost today and to be able to think on the ones still here through sheer determination. We’ve just fought at Hell’s gate for, what? About twelve, fourteen hours? Shut it will you.” John Watson, vascular specialty, small hands, ambidextrous but dominant left, had roughly pulled off his surgical mask as he dressed Anderson down. “Give Holmes a break, will you. He’s a damn fine surgeon and a compliment to our unit. Now kindly shut the fuck up and go bury your dick in something warm and stick a tit in your mouth to shut you up, why don’t you?”
"I'm alright. I am." Far from it actually, but I wasn't about to be the swooning maiden in this romantic comedy even if it was a bit Shakespearian and possibly broody like a certain Dane I'd read about. I certainly wasn't dying for anyone. "I just need to breathe, it's the blood. Makes me woozy is all."
A few slow breaths later, mirrored by John, had him relaxing once again. John’s own breathing pattern had become heavier against him as he slowly worked just the first little bit of the long wand into Sherlock. The slush of the water was constantly running out of him. It felt odd and pleasing at the same time. Sherlock found himself holding his breath in anticipation of what they would be doing next.
The room itself kept with the victorian theme, including what seemed to be gaslights. A mishmash of bohemian half-worn velvet and glass fronted bookcases that held what seemed to be a motley assortment of on and off world curios among the books and other oddities. “Is that a... skull?”
“Yes, oh. Yes, daddy, fuck,
“You may call me John; it’s alright. I would prefer a real answer though, not a dismissal of said question.”
It didn’t really matter as his vision started going hazy as his breath had picked up.
Sherlock pulled out his lockpicks and deftly unlocked the cottage door. It was in disuse, but cleaned and stocked at all times (mostly with dry goods), and contained plenty of reading material between the books in the parlor and the ones in the study. He’d found it on his tour in May, a tiny building tucked back away from the rest of the sprawling campus, but still within its boundaries, and immediately saw that it was for guests of the faculty or possible traveling speakers that came to lecture from time to time.
"I know, I hate the smell too. Everyone says they can't- but I can-"
“Hush, darling, I’ve got you.” John brushed his beard lightly over Sherlock’s chest before nipping gently at a hardened nipple. “You are gorgeous, Sherlock.” He nuzzled his way slowly down Sherlock’s torso, obviously distracting Sherlock from him undoing his trousers until he wetly kissed a now exposed hip as the material had ridden low. “May I, love?”
“Good evening, darling. I am glad you enjoyed your gift.”
“Yes, sir, but I still feel as though-”
John turned slightly then kissed Sherlock thoroughly. A few moments later, they were both panting as John gingerly slid the wand from Sherlock’s body and replacing it with his fingers; John continuing to kiss him as he finished rinsing Sherlock’s lower half. He reached behind Sherlock to turn off the shower, pulled him out into the room without missing a beat. John’s hands were everywhere. His mouth all consuming. He stepped away only for a moment to grab a towel and began drying Sherlock tenderly.
"Not my room, John. You."
“Sherlock, my boy, sex is so many things.” John’s fingers ran lazily along his back in a soothing pattern. “Now sleep. We’ll talk in the morning.”
Naturally, the ambulance got a police escort to the county hospital.
“I may have to fight. If this is the case, I would ask that you be my second.”
The haze and threat of rain was hard to adjust to. That was the worst. Not being able to see the sun; to feel warm without layers. At least Greg's house was not damp and almost a little cheery with the fire in the grate. I decided to pull down one of the old cookbooks and look through it for a basic bread recipe. Keep my hands busy since there was little else to do. It felt good to still be sort of on my own, like I had been with mum and Harry, but without having to worry about all the rest of the household.
The water was pleasantly warm even against Sherlock’s sensitive skin. He hummed his pleasure and turned under the heavy spray to face John and wrap his arms around John’s neck. Their kiss was tangled; just as tangled as Sherlock was around John. His long leg was lifted in John’s steady hand, wrapped over John’s hip, their sated cocks and relaxed testicles nestled against themselves intimate in a way that had Sherlock dropping his head against the tile and rutting just to feel them slide together. John’s fingers found Sherlock’s loosened hole. Slipped in as his teeth found skin. Scissored against the pucker as John’s emissions slipped back out and down his own fingers, pooling lightly in the cup of his hand to be washed away against his wrist.
"It's too bad about the snow, isn't it?" Sherlock asked.
He hummed an affirmative, still half-drunk on sleep himself. John pressed again, incrementally slow, to allow Sherlock’s body to welcome him gradually. It was elicit. He could feel the slick in his interior from the night before, John’s own emissions easing his way.
I took the most fleeting look I could manage. "Pollen."
Point was, it would be empty. Quiet. Not as bustling as the dormitories or as drab as that little hovel of a flat he currently occupied. No room for experiments. Only a hot plate and kettle. Not that food really mattered that much too him... It was the principle of the thing. If this were any other time, he would have been working at Bletchley alongside Turing and other marvelous code-breakers or being whisked away to program for NASA. Praised for his intelligence. Yes. His co-workers might not have liked him (not that he was not well liked now), but it would have at least been fulfilling.
“Please, sir. Yes.”
If there was ever a moment when I fully embraced going weak at the knees, it was this one. All over his voice and a few properly chosen words. I put my hands on the counter to brace myself, forgetting the knife under my palm. The cool bite of the metal brought me back from the thoughts that had begun to occupy my brain.
How could he decline?
"Him going home have anything to do with the bit of blood on his shoulder? Now, don't get all out of shape, or shocked, I am a detective after all. You're old enough, possibly, just-" Greg rubbed at his neck turning a shade I'd never witnessed before. "Look, just be careful."
"Sherlock, I'm glad. I fancy you, too." I could hardly whisper the words for the weight of the truth of them. "It's not something- this is just new."
Please be safe with your bodies, okay?
“Touch me, it’s alright. It’ll help. Wherever you want, Sherlock.” John straddled a thigh and leaned down, releasing Sherlock’s hand and kissing him full on the lips again, claiming him as his fingers deftly pulled down the younger man’s pants enough to grasp Sherlock’s cock fully in his hand.
"You're eating." John set down his tray across from him, then settled himself as well. "I'm glad to see it; didn't realise our newest doc was a picky eater."
"No, no!" I insisted, throwing my legs over the side of the bed and hopping down quickly, forgetting about my damned leg. I started to fall when Sherlock was, once again, right there beside me. Dr. Holmes and he both looked concerned.
His voice seemed fueled with worry, possibly anger. "What do you want from me, John?"
“That. Is beautiful. Perfect, my darling boy.”
His hands locked tighter as Sherlock pulled me within millimeters of him, our bodies pressed almost everywhere. My heart couldn't help itself as it raced along ignorant to the discussion we were currently having. When he looked at me, his eyes were near black, only an icy halo remaining.
As Philip left, a smile now on his face, I closed my eyes and pressed my fingers to my temples, trying to ignore the oncoming headache. Mr Gregson began talking. I couldn't concentrate, but tried to give it a go anyway. I sighed and opened my eyes just to meet Sherlock's.
Despite my outright lies, the tenor of my e-mails alerted mom to my depression, and she called a few times, worried. I tried to convince her it was just the weather that had me down; wasn't used to the overcast, damp, or terrible snow. I sold it. She hadn't called back. Mike, at least, was pleased by the obvious coolness between me and my lab partner. I could see he'd been worried that Sherlock's daring rescue might have impressed me, and he was relieved that it seemed to have the opposite effect. He grew more confident, sitting on the edge of my table to talk before Biology class started, ignoring him as completely as he ignored us.
“Too-much--” Sherlock gasps even as John rolls his hips slowly. Tears leak from the corners of his eyes, his body drowning in arousal and the punishing sting of limits being tested. “Too good, John--It’s so much--!”
“No, of course not,” Sherlock answered. “We’ve talked about that, and I very much agree--you may no longer be a Cassiline brother, but getting legally wed would be a mockery of the vows you broke. You’ve sworn yourself to me, and that’s enough for me to be going on.”
John continued. “Most of your lot only serve as a way to fund their education, to network. But you do this--” and here he gestured at the boning of the corset, its hooks a visible topography beneath Sherlock’s thin white shirt, “--to yourself for fun. To get piddly information from people who don’t actually like you. Don’t you think you’re worth more than that?”
“Again with the brilliant ideas.”
Sherlock could do no less.
John pinched the bridge of his nose with his free hand. “He was powerful enough that it was easy to believe he could have something like that fabricated, although I did not know why exactly he would want me out of the way for the evening. I did not want to call my employer, my ward, or myself into any possible scandal without clear cause. And he did point out he would be in a very public venue for the duration my time away from Sherlock. It’s still my word against a terrorist’s though, isn’t it?”
Disgust burned like bile in John’s throat. How deep did Kushiel’s dart really pierce, that mere words could do this to him? And Moriarty
Mr. Ames rolled his eyes. “I kipped on a cot in the back, and I’ve had just enough caffeine to wake me up without making me jittery. I’m all yours this morning, love.” He gave Sherlock a wink and set to pulling out his tools from the nearby cabinet. “From what it says on your account, you made quite the killing recently. Three whole inches’ worth. You think you can stand my table for that long?” Here he waggled his eyebrows, having grown accustomed to Sherlock’s predicament during their sessions.
Sherlock stilled his pacing, his posture erect as natural pride warred within against the
. This means a lot to you, doesn’t it?”
“Sherlock you don’t have to--I don’t expect you’ll--”
to test that theory.
While he’d never actually serviced a lady, Sherlock wasn't unfamiliar with the female anatomy or how to best serve it. Truth be told it would be a reasonable opportunity to put any curiosity he might have on the subject to rest. He had other reasons as well, and he certainly did not wish to go into those with Irene.
“Easy, tiger,” Jim crooned as he stepped closer, plucking the cordial glass from Sherlock’s fingertips. “We’ve all night, the
John lifted a hand and cut him off before he said anything stupid. “I stood there, yes, thinking of what it would mean to come in here. I am making this choice freely.”
This, too, was part of Naamah’s gift. It wasn’t all whips and flogs, but smiles shared in intimate moments, an agreement between two people. Many of his clients forgot that, clearly working only to impress him with their cruel creativity or else chase their own delights.
The air in the bedroom is warm, but a chill pinches between Sherlock’s shoulder blades. “I know.”
She waved her hand. “You two go on. I’ll hunt someone down to sort out dinner.”
The pain from whatever it was Victor had struck him with fizzed in his blood, even as heat and need pooled low in his abdomen; he could almost imagine his neglected cock under the table leaving a trail of precome as it brushed against the underside of the desk. Tears stung behind his closed eyes and threatened to slip free.
His heart jackhammered in his chest until he was certain it would burst. His body drove onward by pure instinct. It didn’t matter how many guards were outside, or who was intruding. If he could get to a boat, he might escape before anyone noticed in the chaos.
It wasn’t until he reached Knight’s Doorstep, the centre of D’Angeline society in London, that he understood.
Out in the sanctuary, beneath the stars and Elua’s stone gaze, John and Brother Vincent hung back, stayed under the covered perimeter, shoes on.
He led Sherlock to his bedroom, which was noticeably cleaner than anywhere else in the flat. The room smelled faintly of him: traces of his cologne, an under-layer of maleness that left Sherlock’s head spinning.
“Why would you have invited him to your little ‘do tonight, then?”
John, though, didn’t hesitate. He squeezed Sherlock’s hand just once and plunged into the tunnel, and the darkness swallowed him whole. Compared to its pitch-black maw, the sacristy glowed nearly as bright as the full moon itself. Sherlock hovered right on the threshold, his breath rattling in his chest.
John squeezed his fists together behind his back, his expression carefully blanked as he hid his indignation within the framework of parade rest. “Sir, what could possibly make this a
He bent to peer at the anemones again, and considered their meaning. He understood, finally, that he
Sally arrives first, hair teased until it stands with a life of its own, with little clips artfully disguised to make the shocks of white at her temples seem like a natural part of the mass. Bride of Frankenstein. Not exactly original, but she makes it work.
But Irene only smiled. “Are you going to sign the contract, or should I throw it in the bin?”
had no shrine, and he’d "assumed" neither Moriarty’s penthouse nor the Belfours estate would afford him the opportunity.
They counted the first twenty-four hours from the nearest hour that Sherlock had agreed to the damn bet, which put it at eleven p.m. each day. The first hour wasn’t terrible. Sherlock found a suitable experiment to occupy his mind, and John seemed content to leave him to it, opting to use the time curling up with whatever trash novel he was reading lately.
# # # # #
Sherlock uncovered his eyes.
Half the flask later, the moon is brighter, its distorted reflection on the water’s surface nothing short of brilliant. John purses his lips, willing himself to keep silent on everything knocked loose in his heart of late.
John crashed into him, grabbed him by the shoulders, and still Sherlock could not let himself believe, no--this was a cruel,
Sherlock stared at it a long moment, rolled his eyes, and accepted the bottle. He tossed it back without hesitation and then made a face. “The 27 is better.”
“This… is certainly a pond, John.” Sherlock tried not to wince at how condescending he sounded, even to his own ear. “Erm--”
“Someone’s been going ‘round the neighborhood smashing all the pumpkins and wrecking the decorations. You’ve got to stop ‘em!”
he thought, and fumbled with his waistband, unable to keep from plunging his hand in to take hold of himself.
Just as the boat roared to life and they whipped it free from the slip, the final knot of guards stormed the
“Never like this!” Sherlock’s tears now leaked freely, soaking into the blindfold or escaping to drop to the leather inkblotter his face was still pressed against.
“Who gives you what you need?” John grunts, thrusting again, before leaning forward to growl his next words into the delicate skin of Sherlock’s neck. “Who gives you what. You. Want.”
Additionally, the name “The Songs of the Forty-Eight Hours” is an invention of my own and refers to “The Counting of the Hours,” which is obviously a canon name, as well as “The 48 Methods” in Ba Gua Zhang, which are a series of poems each linked with an “aspect of body alignment, application, or strategy.” Since Cassiline fighting style is based loosely on Ba Gua Zhang, it seemed appropriate to link these two together this way.
“Your light was on.”
How could he ever offer his thanks to Sherlock? For the use of the cottage, for repeating his name in the dark just to keep John from swimming down further?
Oh, Sherlock was absolutely correct. He leaned forward until his lips nearly brushed her ear. He pitched his voice down even further, specifically to rumble low into her subconscious. “Even the lawful good need a chance to be bad, hm?”
He spent the better part of one sunny Saturday puttering around the immense house, largely ignoring Mrs. Hudson’s advice on making a trip to the shops for food and other trivial necessities. He was too lazy to properly explore, and too restless to delve into studying any of the heavier tomes he’d brought from Irene’s collection. She’d owned several antique history books in various languages that he was drawn to, but they just weren’t holding his attention the way he’d hoped. Unrest itched at his skin, kept him on edge. He couldn’t even put all that reckless energy to good use tempting John into their bedroom, as John had disappeared off onto the grounds, curious to speak with the groundskeeper about the garden, of all things.
“Sherlock, love?”
Cassiline duties lasted a lifetime. Sherlock would be saddled with this for the rest of the foreseeable future.
Sherlock shook his head. “No reason.”
Sherlock’s mother shifted her weight, pursed her lips, and pinned him with a serious expression. “Now Sherlock, hear me out before you write it off completely?”
“They were wronged,” Amelia snarled, her voice angry and desperate around the edges. “I gave them a way out and a way forward. But I wouldn’t expect you to understand that, you masochistic freak.”
Nothing.
He was not, however, prepared for John’s pleased little huff of laughter, nor the sudden, sharp pain of a hot liquid dripping once, twice against his skin.
Sherlock cleared his throat, standing in the centre of the suite lounge. He looked apprehensive and lost--John had never seen him this way, not even on La Poveglia, or at the embassy. Dread curled in John’s stomach. Sherlock was having second thoughts about all of his hasty declarations, he was sure of it. As much as the thought hurt, it made sense. Why would an impeccably-trained servant of Naamah want an inexperienced, mediocre ex-Cassiline? Was it a sense of debt or obligation?
It’s the act of childbirth that does it. Fetal distress. A cacophony of monitor bleeps and nurses and doctors going quiet as they usher him from the room and set to work.
New chapter! I'm trying to get John's side caught up now that they're all in the same story, that way we can get away from backlogged chapters as soon as possible. <3
It wasn’t until the morning that John realised he’d forgotten his shirt at the water’s edge, but the night’s adventure seemed too surreal to speak of.
He’d be tearing out half his own soul in the process, but if it meant John could have a chance at being happy--
Sherlock shifted to line his cock beside John’s, grasped them both loosely in his large hand.
He rolls his hips beseechingly, tugs John’s hair till he can press his lips to John’s neck.
“Elua, please!” Sherlock pushed himself up and wrapped his fingers around the back of Lestrade’s neck, crushing their mouths together. He came at it with no skill, no delicacy, just the hot wet slide of lips and teeth and tongue, and broke off long enough to whisper into parted lips, “Just please, please fuck me.”
3.) Restraint-play, degradation, mild humiliation, prostate milking, and blindfolding all occur in the sex scene. If those aren't your cuppa, just skip the sex and understand that some hella kinky times were had and everyone had fun.
Since this one is done, I'm taking a break from Sherlock for just a little bit and working on some other fandoms' projects that have caught my eye. I hope that you're still willing to give those things a try, even if it's a new fandom for you!
But John obliged, sliding down lower, kissing Sherlock once more. Sherlock cupped the back of his head and worried at his lip with his teeth. John’s breath left him in a rush and the first stirrings of desire returned.
“Sally--” Lestrade’s tone was a warning, plain and clear.
John chuckles before pushing up to begin cleaning them off. “You asked for it.”
Kushiel, in his divine and terrible compassion, had been Adonai’s punisher, until Adonai sent his own son, Yeshua ben Yosef, to die as a sacrifice for humanity’s sins. When Yeshua’s blood mixed with the tears of the Magdalene, who wept openly over his body, Blessed Elua rose from where they mingled in the soil, Adonai’s own grandson. Elua declared everyone should “Love as Thou Wilt” and defied Adonai’s admonishments to return to the heavenly kingdom, Kushiel realised his love of those in his mercy was greater than his love of Adonai.
Sherlock woke sometime later, awash in pain. No pleasure trailed in its wake, however. This was brutal, raw and stark. Blood-red swam in his vision, and his arms
“But that doesn’t clear him of the other charges, Sherlock.” John’s voice held a bitter note, one Sherlock couldn’t place.
Sherlock lifted his brows enigmatically, somewhat subdued. His not-smirk was nearly Mycroftian levels of mysterious. “I’ll leave you to your deductions.”
, he’d always pictured grim and glorious scenes, daggers shining like stars as he fought faceless foes for an imaginary ward. But the way his heart pounded in a fight and the way it did now was still a drumbeat he couldn’t fail to succumb to. He would have to stand behind and beside, fighting himself not to betray Sherlock just to relieve the world one Jim Moriarty. He would force himself to suffer Moriarty’s snide comments and side-eying, to focus wholly on Sherlock. Elua was the compass and Cassiel the needle, but Sherlock was True North, and that was all that mattered. If John murdered Jim Moriarty outright, he’d be worse than imprisoned. He would be foresworn, damned irrevocably.
A pleasant anxiety fluttered in Sherlock’s chest as he thundered through house on long legs, up to their bedroom. He only needed one little thing from one of his bags, something he’d kept hidden. Out by the pond, he knew. The time would be absolutely right. His hand closed around the little box, and he closed his eyes as he drew it out.
The cab ride was an absolute torture, one John wasn’t sure he’d survive. The vast expanse of space between the cab and the front door of 221 was worse. The seventeen steps up to their flat couldn’t be mounted quick enough. But they made it.
As he spoke, its twin crackled to life in Felippa’s hand, echoing back the question.
tricky, but all Sherlock could do was grin even more, and raise an eyebrow. Then he let his gaze flicker down to John’s mouth and back up, bit his own lip. If John could play dirty all week, then by god Sherlock could do it now.
If I did my calculations correctly, then the cost of the fabric would be RIDICULOUS.
He was entirely prepared to tell her no, to storm off to his hotel, damn them all, but her hand, light on the sleeve of his blazer, and the earnest depth in her brown eyes, stopped the words in his throat. He lowered his gaze, nodded in assent.
It was only half-ten, which Sherlock found surprising. His little game with Helen had started after breakfast, and while the initial half of the game had been an hour of menial labour, he’d felt like the latter half, Helen’s return, had taken so much longer.
Helen whipped around, startled, and when she registered his SIG, the terrible instrument of Cassiel’s intervention, her eyes went wide as the moon.
, that he could survive.
“Sherlock--”
Sherlock nodded, and rolled over onto hands and knees. He closed his eyes against a new wave of embarrassment, the odd sensation of lifting his bare arse in the air, utterly exposing his most private places.
. In another, a riot of tiny purple heliotrope grew upward from the base of the spine and extended along the arm as a half-sleeve. Its phrasing read,
Sherlock only offered him a wide, manic grin in return. Oh, he was about to
is safe in our hands--well, as safe as he chooses to be. I promise you.”
“Saints have hands that pilgrims’ hands do touch,” Sherlock murmured, his fingers lowered to encircle John’s wrist. For a moment, the light in his eyes was playful. “And hand to hand is holy palmers’ kiss.” He lowered his lips to brush against the delicate skin at John’s pulse point. It was nothing more than a ghost of warmth and the softness of smooth skin.
, the three books following
, he thought.
appearing like a threat.
Sally growled and jerked his cuffs, forcing his chest to lift and bow up from the mattress, until his weight was balanced between his hips and his arms. “You won’t breathe a word of this to anyone.”
John didn’t doubt this was the truth.
John genuinely hoped both Sherlock and she would refrain from sharpening their claws. He didn’t have nearly enough energy for it.
He hadn’t meant for that last bit to come out, but that didn’t make it any less true. And as surely as he knew it’d been accidental, so he could see it’d been the right thing to say.
A small string of beads, like the ones from his bellydance costume.
How could this ignorant Cassiline not understand what it meant to dedicate the body as well as the soul?
This is new. Sherlock has never deviated from their script, the scrape and whoosh of resting breath, punctuated occasionally with a name like a prayer in the dark.
“Of course, but you're not taking him home.”
care about the spiritual needs of fellow D’Angelines--and you can’t even say thank you?”
John shifted and lay flat on his back, hands behind his head. The heat from the fire radiated, warming Sherlock’s icy feet, casting its warm flickering glow on John’s skin, transforming him into a creature of sun and gold.
“John!”
She loosed another laugh. “Smart, pretty, and eager. Oh, you will break hearts and bank accounts when you come into your own. I’m certain of it.” She stepped back, taking the whole of him in again. “I can do a great deal with that--I accept your terms, Mr. Holmes. Now, I have stipulations for you as well.” She rose, and circled him as a hawk might a field-mouse.
He sighed, surveyed the kitchen one last time, and carried the water glass up to his room.
“You remember your safe-word?”
Felippa ducked and John yanked Sherlock down, and the three of them fired as quickly as they could. Sherlock prayed any of his shots landed true. The noise was deafening inside the small
Jim shook his head. “No, pet. Well, yes, but that’s not all of it.”
With that he grasped the back of Sherlock’s neck and jerked him down for a kiss, deep and probing.
The D’Angeline priest stepped back, joined the London priest. Together they gave the binding declaration.
“Asking, rather than telling me?” John deflected, surprised. “Not much to tell. I wasn’t terribly adventurous.”
Sherlock blinked, and the gunshot deafened him.
Sherlock pushes up to squat on his knees, which John nudges wider and arranges himself so that the toy finally nudges the delicate flesh of Sherlock’s hole. As Sherlock settles his weight on John’s thighs the unyielding silicone parts him, spearing him torturously slow until John--and the toy--are fully sheathed.
Without a word, John dropped his hand, pressed his fingertips to the worn line of Elua’s foot, thinking only of anemones. Then he turned, escaped, with nothing more than a similar tap on Brother Vincent’s shoulder, a parting gesture whose meaning John didn’t entirely understand.
# # # # #
Sherlock saw no harm in that--oh, dear, she would train him in her arts and he would have to tolerate more schooling? He could endure inane language courses and apallingly simple maths or whatever it was, for the opportunity to learn from the best. “You have a deal.”
there at the end. Yes, what had happened on la Poveglia had really happened. It paled in comparison to the truth of his own feelings. Neither he nor Sherlock spoke of it, which was probably for the best. It didn’t need--it wasn’t--
Out of bed, Sherlock reached for his violin. The ritual of tuning the strings, rosining his bow gave him welcome distraction. He played a low note, closing his eyes to focus on the hum of the instrument, the vibration of the sound in his conscious. His fingers stretched of their own accord, pressing and sliding along the neck where they wanted, until his mind was clear and the only thing in him was the music.
--but in the end there was only so much they could offer. Modelling was ruined. Her ability to take assignations was decimated. Every last option she’d accrued had been taken from her.
Sherlock knew full well John mainly just brooded during these assignations, but there was absolutely no point in goading the Cassiline further.
Sherlock turned, unwilling to look him in the eye. This was it. Jim would tell him off for good, and all because of the same
“Try not to kill anyone.” His tone was brusque, his body locked tight. “Stay out of the Houses until this all gets cleared up.”
and even tailed by a surly bodyguard, Sherlock was certain he could find some sort of adventure in the seedier parts of London. It was time to go irritate John.
Amelia swallowed, maintained her silence, but the shimmer of unshed tears and rictus of anger that tightened her mouth spoke volumes.
John whispered soothing nonsense, stroking Sherlock’s thighs, his arse, gentling him as he rode through the aftershocks. A long moment later, he crumpled into a boneless heap atop John, lips pressed in slack kisses wherever they met skin.
As if guessing his thoughts, Jim whispered against his skin, reverent and cruel. “Only for you, pet. You and I are almost equals, two sides of a coin. He made you for me. Everything you are is mine for the taking--a gift only for me. I will cut the
Even that thought was welcoming. He’d gladly wear the reminders of his time with Helen Belfours for the next week.
Two more guardsmen, at least from what Sherlock could see, stood sentinel before the boats, AR-15s clutched across their chest at the ready. The one to the left of them liftied a walkie-talkie to his mouth.
a name that matches the Camellia house log. It was also in the D’Angeline Bryony House log, once we went back more than six months.” Apparently the news was good enough that she offered the same triumphant smile to Sherlock as she did Lestrade. “Lorraine Carver.”
Their boat sliced recklessly through the water, but the guards’ boat only drew closer, coming alongside them; one of the guards jumped onto their boat, diving for Sherlock.
twisted in his hair and jerked. His head snapped back and the dim, golden ceiling light
Sherlock stood just beyond the line of sight in the doorway as Dianne stepped back into the main room. The music quieted, the guests stilled until their attention was solely upon her.
those patrons?
John’s grin grew devilish. “All right now, slow down. I’m taking my time with you.”
“This is my dear Mary, Brother Watson. They trained her quite nicely in Cereus House.”
With that the brush stilled, the next blow never came. Instead, Helen dropped it onto the bed and ran a hand along the trench where muscle ran over spine, fingertips dragging through the sweat on Sherlock’s back.
Then, just as he’d anticipated, his mobile chimed.
Sherlock had nothing to say to that, so he focused on the route that lay ahead of them. Somewhere in an oft-ignored place in Sherlock’s chest, he felt the slightest twinge of sympathy for John. He had nothing to say about that, either.
entirely illegal; on the other, though, she’d made the attacks personal after he’d been called into more than a few cases.
“We can lose them in Lido!” Felippa called, and ducked as another spray of gunfire ripped across the water, splintering the stern. It only barely missed the engine.
“I believe he’s going to bomb the Embassy. He intends to kill Daniel L’Envers.”
“Get in here. I didn’t pay £5,000 to be kept waiting,” a deep, masculine voice snapped from within the room.
Lungs heaving, he tried to listen for a clue as to what might happen next, but nothing happened for a long time. Long enough that Sherlock began to fear maybe Victor had slipped from his study to leave him bound and gagging for who-knew-how-long.
“Talk to your brother frequently, then? I’m surprised the British Government has so much free time.”
The strong hands lifted him, cradling him like a weightless thing, and then the world swayed as they carried him away. Bare flesh cradled him, hot like a brand against his skin, as he was carried into the next room.
Sherlock closed his eyes, thoughts racing. He’d overheard Irene and Jim discussing Mme D’Arbos’s work, not two months prior. He built the scene as he remembered it: Late one evening, Irene and Jim lounging in the sitting room over glasses of wine. Conversation had meandered from gossip to politics somewhere along the way as Sherlock occupied himself next door in the study with a tome on criminal history. It was the sound of Jim’s laugh, a smooth and dangerous thing, that caught his attention. Then again, anything Jim did was enough to drive Sherlock to distraction when he came by
Helen straddled him, leaning forward to pull a foil wrapper from beneath her pillow, which turned out to be a condom. She tore it open with her teeth and rolled it onto him slowly, gingerly, all too aware of his precarious state. She offered him an apologetic smile, which made Sherlock chuckle.
Eventually, though, cold and exhaustion won out, and he collected his duvet from the couch in defeat.
His face was wet when John pulled away; his eyes burned and his throat tightened around his words. There was too much to say, too much to process.
A gift. John, of all people. He didn’t know what to say to that. Instead, he improvised.
“You left them for me.” Sherlock fell silent at that, and then glanced at the gauze-packed gunshot wound on John’s shoulder. “This--you took this for me.”
believe it, didn’t press the issue. Sherock pretended not to notice that.
“Interesting. You chose a pirate. So often these
John was certain his surprise showed. Sherlock Holmes… was asking him to dinner?
Sherlock’s head spun as he watched John leave. He covered his mouth, a silent mirror to the man still standing by the statue.
“Are you hurt?” John asked, his eyes frantically scanning Sherlock’s face. “Can you run?” Then he shook his head, a twitch really, and he grabbed Sherlock’s hand, dragging him down the hall.
contracted you, he fully intends on being there. He loves to watch from the shadows,
That was apparent. Elua’s anemones.
. In time he grew to love the career he’d found. It didn’t replace what he’d felt before, when he’d been with Jean-Julien, but it opened him up to a new sort of love, a new sort of wholeness he’d been surprised to find in Naamah’s service.
This man Ames knew what Sherlock was, and if Ames was even a fraction as intelligent about anything the way he seemed to be about his art, he would've already put two and two together. If not, well, now certainly wasn't the time for Sherlock to start getting hung up on the ignorance of others.
Mary darted forward, jabbed a syringe into his shoulder. “You’re coming with me. It’s as simple as that.”
The panic was enough to make him sick.
Sherlock sobbed once into the kiss and clutched at John, fingers sliding through sweat-slick blonde hair as he poured every ounce of terror, of love, of
She could only mean Jim. Sherlock’s bile roiled even as electricity arced across his skin. Kushiel’s curse. Elua, how he
Sherlock swallowed. Fought the dizziness of his exertions and Jim’s very presence. His heart hammered in his chest, and he could only pray to Elua that his hands didn’t tremor.
"The last anguissette was well-known for the sangoire cloak she wore to assignations. But these days, cloaks are quite out of style, and draping that much red on you would look ridiculous. But I found a way around that." Irene’s smile twisted her mouth, her diligence and pride obvious.
With a pleasant irritation borne of being challenged, Sherlock leaned forward and set to work, drawing her trousers away as best he could with his teeth. Bound hands made everything difficult: the cloth clung to her hips and thighs, unwilling to slide loose. Sherlock was close to admitting defeat at such a simple task when Helen gave her most put-upon sigh.
John closed his eyes, as he remembered long evenings spent in Sholto's room, when he'd served under him in Afghanistan. Meetings that turned into drinking sessions. Personal conversations that turned flirtatious. In retrospect, he could probably have kissed Sholto. Probably could have made love to him, in some fumbling, inexpert way. Knowing what John knew now, there had been signs, perhaps. Maybe Sholto had wanted him. Maybe he'd been just as inexperienced as John, just as full of self-loathing, just as closeted.
Just then, Sherlock emerged from the reception hall, where the caterers were still rearranging furniture. He held his head high, imperious as he ran his eyes across the room. He scanned the bar, looking at John briefly, before moving toward the dessert table, picking up a plate, and glaring at the fruit bowl.
For his part, John had played into the fiction that they were still a real, committed couple as best he could, without letting on what he knew. Promising to stick by Mark. Telling him he loved him. He'd hidden the truth of who he was, let Mark believe that it was possible, that they might run away together. It was as good a foundation as he could have built for what he knew he had to do next. He supposed he was a bit proud of himself. He'd managed a lot despite his fear and panic, despite the feeling, all too familiar from his childhood, of living with a monster.
He took a deep breath. Better to be a bit cruel now, and make it up later, when he'd taken care of everything.
He knew not to expect anything, really, not to hope, but he couldn't help himself. Anticipation ran in his blood, and the relief, selfish as it was, of knowing that Sherlock still cared enough to surprise him.
He watched as Jill left the break room. For a moment, he wondered if he should go after her, and ask her directly if Mark had been with them.
He and Mark were getting along, at least. Mark eschewed his habitual weekend workouts in favour of spending long lazy mornings with John, waking him up with a mug of coffee and a kiss, when he slept late, which happened more often than usual.
"All right, and the drive has an embedded tracking device. Since Mark's activity has increased lately, I had to try as many different ways I could to make sure we could follow him. I was trailing him that night, when he went to
Mark returned moments later with a pair of jeans and a plaid shirt—clothes John might have chosen for himself.
When he spoke, it was without knowing what he would say. "Two years." The words came out through gritted teeth, through the frantic torrent of emotion that wracked him: pain, and confusion, and a thin, blindingly bright line of fierce joy. Too much to bear. He would die of it, he was certain. "You let me grieve. Hm? I thought you were dead."
Anika nodded, as she frowned down at the list. "Your side of the church is looking a little thin, Mark."
Wednesday morning of that same week, that was when it had all started, between them. John had set out from his flat, riding his bicycle under thick, dark clouds, not caring that it was threatening an early spring rain, daring the storm to take him. Wishing it would wash him down the drain, if he was honest. Three quarters of the way to the clinic, the clouds had opened, and sheets of rain had soaked him through in a matter of moments.
"Yes."
And then it was just the two of them, in the quiet room, the light from the lamp glowing warm across their bodies. John's leg throbbed, and his heart swelled, as Sherlock spread himself out beside him, and tugged the blankets up over them.
"John? Are you all right?"
John was no pawn, no damsel in distress, no matter how some gang of criminals viewed him, no matter how Sherlock saw things. He wouldn't behave like he was.
Inside, Mark gestured at the bed. "Have a seat, John."
"God, yes. I am exhausted. It's been a wild couple of days."
"Well, I'll take that as a compliment." With a wink, and a promise to see John much, much later, Mark left, and closed the door.
John hoped his smile didn't resemble a wince too closely. "I know."
"Forgive me?"
John turned, eyes locked on the screen, and walked back to his office. He shut the door, and sat down at his desk, holding the phone gingerly, like it might break.
"No, no, not at all." Sherlock shuffled toward the woman, arms reaching for her, as if he intended to haul her to her feet. He looked at her, hard, then back at John, then down at his hands, brow furrowed.
John wrestled with two powerful urges: one, the hope that Sherlock would say Mark's name. John knew, because he had served often enough as Sherlock's sounding board, that he could prompt Sherlock into a full revelation. All he had to do was ask questions, nudge him a bit.
Sherlock sighed, a sharp intake of breath, then raised his eyes and looked at John directly. "Of course, John. I could hardly say no, could I?"
"Oh," John said. "Yeah, well. He's not that bad at home."
As he sat at his desk between patients, he folded his hands, and closed his eyes, remembering the feeling of Sherlock's arms around him. He wondered if Sherlock had felt how John did now, when he'd been on his way home from exile, and he'd known he was going to see John again. Optimistic. Hopeful, perhaps foolishly so, that the hole he'd made in their lives could be repaired.
She shrugged. "Have to ask him. He's taken down all those photos and papers from the wall, so I suppose that means something. But John, you should go up. He's been pacing the flat all day. Expecting you." She fidgeted with the flowers, turning the vase this way and that.
He couldn't say that his heart felt any lighter, that he felt any better about what had happened. On some level, he wasn't sure he would ever accept that Sherlock didn't want him, that there was nothing romantic between them. Their adventures, in the old days, had been nothing but a long series of strange, beautiful romances, despite all of Sherlock's protests to the contrary.
He sat on the sofa in the sitting room, wondering why Mark had suddenly grown so bold, going out in the middle of the night when he knew John was a light sleeper, when he knew John would probably wake in the night, and miss him. Then again, perhaps he hadn't had the chance to drug John. John had been careful, or had tried to be.
Sherlock shrugged. "Might as well. I seem to be rather hopeless at solving anything right now, and there's nothing pressing. Not tonight. I cleared my schedule."
At the same time, hope tore through him like a sharp blade, as he scrambled through the implications of Sherlock's question. Sherlock had sounded just like a man asking for advice:
John Watson took the bouquet he'd brought with him—chrysanthemums, this time—and placed them on Sherlock's gravestone. He stood back, and cleared his throat, although he wouldn't speak today, or at least, wouldn't speak his thoughts aloud.
He straightened his jacket. He'd chosen his clothes carefully. He was good for a run through the streets, if one should be necessary. He'd taken care with his appearance, too. Shaved again, to take care of five o'clock shadow. He'd studied himself, in the bathroom mirror at the clinic, asked himself if he was doing the right thing. Decided, for the hundredth time, that he could only care so much about what was right.
It was all right, though. It was all okay, because now there was a foundation for more, if Sherlock wanted it. The hard part was over.
The next three images, taken at five a.m., showed a single, determined-looking marmalade cat, pausing, lingering, and then heading east, as if trailing in Mark's footsteps. At five thirty, a man walked a bull terrier dog past the house.
He'd let himself into the flat, still breathless from the ride, his clothes and hair damp, and his spirit determined. Mark was out for drinks with the nurses, and John used the time alone to do a bit of online research. At the very least, it would make sense to set up some basic security measures. If John was in any kind of danger, he couldn't allow that threat to spill over into his domestic life.
"Oh yeah, right," John said. "I just mean, I've never been. Sounds interesting. Leaving today, are they?"
"Oops!"
, John thought. He felt his colour rising. "You texted him?"
"Get Sherlock? Oh, love, he's all the way over there." Mark leaned in, and smiled, and kissed John's cheek. "I know you're probably uncomfortable. And tired, aren't you? Don't worry. We'll go away soon, have a bit of time to really talk. You can meet those friends of mine you've taken an interest in." He took John's hand, and kissed him on the wrist.
John smiled. "Hi. Uh, my patient?"
Another set of hands was on his back, helping him sit up. John managed to turn his head, and caught sight of the pale gold of Mark's hair, and the red wool of his winter coat.
John looked at him, the magnificent, profoundly humane, and antisocial man who owned his heart, and he saw the truth. "No you haven't."
Mark sprawled beside him, companionably, resting his elbow on the pillow, his head in his hand. "Do you think you'll see him again?"
Mark laughed. "Sounds like a good run to me. Most people just get divorced."
"This last one on the list is a favourite of mine."
They passed along the east side of Portman Square, with its looming trees, branches bare against the late afternoon sky. The sun was going down.
"Sarcasm. Good sign." Mark squeezed John's hand, and ran his fingers over the back of it. "You passed out, after we pulled you out of the fire. Whatever you were dosed with, I wanted to make sure it didn't suppress your respiration too much. And a check for your lungs."
"And you're going to beg off, aren't you? Lucky man."
John startled, his entire body ready to fight. "Oh!" he said, letting out a laugh instead of a shout, scrambling to slip into some semblance of the role he'd been playing for the last six months. "Didn't see you there."
When it was all over, John pulled the sheet back over them, and settled on his pillow, overheated, an arm thrown up over his head. Much better. He needed to remember this, remember how good things could be, before his old dreams got hold of him.
John giggled, delighted by the whole evening, by Sherlock. "This is mad."
"Stupid," Sherlock murmured. "We're really stupid."
He had a feeling, steady, and more sure than any he'd had about Sherlock before, that something was there, between them. It would be up to the two of them to see. He understood, now, that everything he'd done was backwards, and selfish. He should never have imagined Sherlock would step forward, when John was committed to someone else, about to be married to someone else. He couldn't expect it now.
There was no further account of Baccarin himself, until he'd turned up dead at the beginning of November.
"I loved you. I always loved you. I still do."
Mark shifted, pressing his leg against John's more firmly, and suddenly he was in John's lap, straddling him, his lips pressing against John's, his tongue tasting John's mouth. He was strong, wiry, fully capable of matching John, strength for strength, and need for need.
Sherlock's head snapped up, and he looked at John with an expression of total shock. "You're joking. What? No that's impossible." He let go of John's hands, and took a step back, and covered his mouth with his hand. "Oh." His eyes moved from one object to another, studying the mirror, the vicar's desk, the worn carpet, the tattered books, before coming back to John. "Oh! Oh, he's good." He nodded, as if a hundred broken connections were suddenly coming together. "Very good."
John looked to the table where Sherlock had been sitting. It was empty.
As he started to clip the moustache, he wondered about Sherlock's time away, if he had found someone to be with. If, at any time, he'd ever had someone, the way that John had Mark. He looked down at the bathroom sink, now covered in bristles, and swiped it out with a tissue. Perhaps he should just ask Sherlock, if he wanted to know so badly.
He shouldn't. But the words were already coming out, and he felt, somehow, that he needed to speak, needed to give Sherlock something, to let him know that there was no mystery between them. There never had been a puzzle to solve, not really. There had been stupid hesitation, and uncertainty. There had been gross miscommunication and mutual betrayal, on small and large scales. But there had never been a lack of love. There had never been a lack of care.
Mark rubbed the small of his back.
and he undid the buttons of his shirt, and took off his trousers and his pants, leaving everything on the floor: his clothes, yes, but his burdens, too, the whole, complicated, terrible mess of his life. He met Mark on the bed, kneeling in front of him, and kissed him, and helped him push his pants down to his knees, stroking his cock, kneading the thick muscle of his buttocks, his thighs.
Easy. Mark made it easy. "Whenever you want."
"Yes, John. God, yes! Oh my God." Mark's breath clenched in his throat, and he came like a fountain over John's hand, and he shuddered, clutching John's waist, his shoulder.
John reached out a shaking hand, and stroked Mark's temple with his thumb. "No. Course I wouldn't." He had been wrong, he thought, in his reactions. He needed to be kinder. Less swept up in everything. Mark was his partner, after all.
He would talk to Mark, the moment he got back, and then he would go see Sherlock, and he would say what he needed to say, and ask the questions he needed to ask. He would find out what Sherlock wanted, and he would listen. They would sort out the puzzle of the conspiracy that still worked to separate them. They would sort out the puzzle of their lives, together.
"Yes, well. It's been two years." No point in explaining that he and Sherlock hadn't been a couple. They had been, in their way. Of course they had.
"You could just come, then," he said. "Come to the wedding."
"No, I haven't." Sherlock looked over at the desk, and John saw a yellow legal pad with notes scrawled on it, and several torn and crumpled pages beside it.
The ring box pooched John's jacket, when he sat down at the table at the restaurant. He caught Mark's eyes drifting down to it, the spark of delight that moved across his features. Obvious, really, what was about to happen. And still, going through the steps mattered. It was important to do it the right way.
Sherlock stared at John. "Doesn't mean I know how to defuse a giant bomb. What about you?"
"What?" Sherlock looked up at him, a trace of a smile on his lips.
He cast a glance at the door, wondering if leaving was the right thing to do, then realised that if he tried to go, he wouldn't make it. His legs wouldn't support him. He would fall down the stairs, and lie at the bottom of them in a heap. Maybe he could die happy there, his heart beating out his last, full of undeniable, all-encompassing love for this man, who had hurt him, yes, but had also saved him, so many times, in so many different ways. The full force of everything Sherlock had meant to him hit John like an ocean wave. He was drowning in it. He would drown.
The two of them were gazing into each others' eyes. John could feel that he didn't have long, before the drug swept him away. He looked at Violet.
He managed a weak smile before he climbed the stairs like a soldier going into battle, determined to see things through, and absolutely certain he would not survive the next few minutes. Before he got to the top, he pulled Sherlock's scarf from around his neck, and stuffed it into his coat pocket. His old sentiment didn't have a place in the new reality.
The morning of New Year's Eve dawned pale and gold. John stood at the kitchen counter, sipping coffee, and watching the sky slowly turn the washed out blue that reminded him of long childhood winter days spent playing outdoors. He remembered keeping Harry away from the house, even though it was cold out. Trying to keep her warm with one more run around the park, one more turn on the seesaw, one more game. They would play hide and seek, and when she found him, he would tickle her until she was gasping with laughter, pink-cheeked and grinning and begging him to hide again.
They climbed down a steep ladder, going deeper and deeper, until they emerged onto a tube platform. The rough concrete floor was covered in a fine layer of silt, the walls untiled. A small pile of rubble occupied a far corner.
John managed a weak smile. "Glad you think so."
"My family. For lack of a better term."
When they reached Sherlock's door, John paused on the threshold.
Flame danced along the wood by his feet, touching the soles of his shoes, threatening to creep up his trouser leg. He opened his mouth, choked, and yelled, desperate, as loudly as he could, not very loud at all.
The whole conversation had gotten too strange, too fast. John laughed, and looked down at the sheets, bunched around his waist. Played the affable fool. It was easier than acknowledging the fact that his heart was racing. "Now you're just trying to butter me up."
When the last note sounded, he climbed the stairs. The door was open. Seeing Sherlock silhouetted against the window, looking out into the street, in black trousers and purple shirt, made John feel like nothing so much as a suitor. He knocked softly on the doorframe.
Now, pacing the kitchen, looking at the carefully neutral beige paint he and Mark had chosen together, he folded Mark's note in half, pulling it between his finger and thumb to make a sharp crease. He'd been stuck for so long, in thinking that he owed Mark, because Mark had been there when he'd been at his lowest. He supposed he probably would always be grateful to him, for knowing what John had needed, and for seeing the shape of John's desire, when John couldn't see it for himself.
Mark's groans filled the quiet woods.
"Spying is such a strong word. Occasionally looking at the reports of the keystroke logging software I installed on your computer ages ago. You really should get a new laptop."
"Very good, John. I'm glad to see you haven't forgotten yourself altogether, in my absence."
John realised, suddenly, that he was wearing his pyjamas, a blue jumper, and socks. No shoes. He needed to be ready to leave any moment now. The suitcases. There had to be something more practical in there.
In the lobby, under the warm glow of fairy lights, John and Mark stood together and shook hands and kissed cheeks, as their guests filed past. Outside, the day had turned dark and stormy. Rain smacked against the broad windows above the church doors. The empty branches of an ash tree, visible through the windows, tossed in the wind.
John managed to fake a smile. "Your secret's safe with me."
"We're together," John said. His left hand chose that moment to clench furiously. He allowed it to ball into a fist, refusing to reach over with his other hand and straighten it out. His left shoulder throbbed. "We, ah, live together." He leaned on the desk with his right hand, suddenly unsteady on his feet, a bit dizzy. He wished, fervently, that he'd had the chance to sit down, before they started talking.
On the far side of the churchyard, a squirrel picked its way among the gravestones. John watched it, full of dread for the task that lay ahead of him.
The post was still open in his browser. He hit refresh, fidgeting as he scrolled down to the comments section:
It was John's turn to stop. He looked up at the band of sky that was visible above the glass-fronted buildings that lined either side of the south end of Baker Street. It was getting dark, the sky glowing the eerie, dirty orange of urban light pollution, reflected from low clouds. It looked like it was going to snow.
"A bit criminal not to."
"John?"
"Oh." Sherlock shifted on the bench, as if he were suddenly uncomfortable. "Why?" He spoke the question quietly. Shyly.
The corner of Sherlock's mouth twitched up, and the line between his brows softened. "Indeed, John."
Sherlock sat up on the sofa, all soft smiles. When he spoke, it was with a quiet, particular emphasis. "I would have you. I would like that, very much. You, back in your place."
"You called the police."
At the same time, there was a new, darker note to their interactions.
Another text came through:
John released himself from hospital the first moment he could, leaving after a quick word with a doctor, and an assurance that he would return if he felt unwell. Outside, he stretched his back, arms raised over his head, and looked up at the grey sky. The morning had come over unseasonably warm for late fall.
"All right. You haven't called the police. You haven't run to Sherlock. I suppose we can have a little chat." Mark's breath grew harsh and ragged.
Lots of firsts, for the two of them, lately.
"I'll just take you as far as the door."
Sherlock was alive, and home again. Alive, and in his arms. It was something. A broken, farcical version of the miracle he'd asked for, so many times. A miracle nonetheless.
"What?"
Barts most likely meant Molly Hooper, which meant efficiency. It was possible that there would be test results before John got back to the flat. He hoped they would reveal something he could use to understand what had happened. It was vitally important that he not be caught off guard tonight.
"Oh, yeah. Will be. Jill got home at seven this morning, a right mess, but Christopher's going to be fine."
"There. Very good. I'm satisfied that the measurements were just right. Sherlock certainly knows you well. How does it feel? You'll be wearing it all day, on Saturday."
The only thing he could do was turn it so that the hands moved backwards. Turning back time, or at least, the illusion of turning it back.
"Well, I've been thinking, about you, and what you can do. Are you sure you're meant to be a doctor?"
Frowning, John hefted the bag, putting his hand under it. Checking the door of the coat room again—empty, no one there—he lifted the racquets out, placing them on the floor, and tested the bag for weight once more.
He knew exactly why he'd wanted to come. During the war, John had gone with Sholto on a survey of part of the territory they were supposed to be defending. He'd watched as Sholto crouched, picked up a handful of dry earth, and let it run from his fingers as it blew away on the wind. John had understood, as he'd met Sholto's gaze, and seen the depths of his resolve, that fighting wasn't just about strategy, wasn't just about knowing the enemy. It was about a deeper level of connection, about one's determination not to give up, no matter the consequences.
"You know what? Fuck this. Fuck you both."
"I'm serious. If Bainbridge brought something like this to his superiors, they might think he needed a psychological evaluation. As a soldier, you're supposed to be tough. I really don't think anyone is going to listen to him, except us."
Mark's expression softened. "I know."
And then, making John feel a thousand times worse about everything, came a comment from Mark, about thirty from the end:
They broke the kiss long enough to race up the stairs and into the bedroom, and somewhere in the middle of John stumbling as he pulled his socks off, Mark kneeled on the bed, and tilted his head, t shirt already thrown on the floor, muscles bunching in his arm as he slipped a thumb into the waistband of his own pants, pulling them down one inch, then another. "I prepped for you. I want you to fuck me," he said.
He remembered the conversation he and Mark had, after John had come back from Baker Street, when he'd asked Sherlock to be best man. How strange it had been. How Mark had known, exactly, what John had done to the cabbie. His claims about himself.
John slipped the coat out of the garment bag and put it on, doing up the buttons as he watched Sherlock's face, his seriousness, the way his hands shook as he handed John one of the boutonnières. Gently, he took the fabric of John's lapel between his fingers, and pinned the other boutonnière to it.
"Seriously who are you?" he said.
Sherlock stared, blinking hard. "I'm your—"
"But we're both still here." Sherlock smiled down at him.
People cheered as John moved toward a table, and stumbled hard. He wondered, fleetingly, if the cheers were for him. No. Something going on, on the dance floor.
"You just called him the right name."
Mark's eyes were shining like stars, bright and hopeful.
He groaned, or tried to. No sound came, just a harsh breath, barely rasping out of him.
The timer continued to count down. One minute and fifty-seven seconds to go.
"Was nothing. It was a greenhouse, initially, as you can see, but fell into disuse and became a sort of storage shed. I asked the head gardener if I could have it, in exchange for helping him resolve his problem, and he said yes."
He scrubbed at his face, his hands shaking. He managed to lift the mug of tea to his lips. He took a good sip, wishing for something stronger. Slowly, his breathing eased, and the panic began to cycle down, into a familiar feeling, like he'd been grabbed and shaken far too hard.
The first said:
John fought a wave of disappointment, even as he saw the practical advantage of Sherlock's tactic. He was calling the wedding off, damn the consequences. But he could see the wisdom in Sherlock's idea to work under the radar now, even though it felt wrong to leverage the wedding to keep himself safe.
, a turn of phrase that made him smile. A step up, maybe, from
. John looked out at the grounds. If he really was in the middle of some estate owned by Mark's friends, and if Mark was going to meet those people now, then John had done his part. All he needed to do was to hope that somehow, Violet Smith and Sherlock had managed to keep track of him. Then, to escape. Now, while Mark was gone, and he thought John was still passed out, might be his best chance.
John felt a sense of calm focus settling in his bones, as he opened the side gate to the back garden, his electronics store purchase in hand. Now that he'd made his mind up, now that he knew what he was going to do, he let himself slip into the pleasure of going about it methodically. He had time. Mark wouldn't be back from the gym for another hour at least.
"You and Sherlock."
John, on the other hand, was struggling, aware that he could give away the game at any moment. Mark had caught him, that morning, standing in front of the open front hall closet door, looking at the racquet bag, wondering if he had time to go through it. He'd come up behind John, slipped his arms around John's waist, and asked him what he was doing, as he kissed the back of John's neck.
"It's me. I've changed."
John greeted the first day of the new year with grim determination. He moved through the flat, trying to do normal, everyday things, all the while painfully conscious that Mark was coming home soon.
He should have been visiting, checking up on her, making sure she was okay. Even if it was only as a doctor, when he couldn't manage to come as a friend.
"AGRA, what's that?"
John considered the obvious post-coital joke:
He wondered, if he sat right here, on the sofa, and waited, like some dad from an American comedy from the 1950s, for Mark to return, if he would find him sneaking into the flat in his black clothes, just before dawn, gun in the bag over his shoulder, ready to shoot. Ready to kill. All too ready to confront.
John ran through a dozen different responses to Harry's text. Worry about her spending time in a pub dominated, second only to a burst of relief at the idea that Sherlock might actually be there. The idea of Harry and Sherlock, somehow talking, getting along, made him smile, despite everything.
Once their plates were empty, and their feet up on the coffee table, they sipped beer and channel surfed. They landed on the news, which offered a sanitised version of the drama that had gone on beneath the London streets, mentioning Sherlock's role, but leaving John's name out of it altogether, for which John was grateful. The report on the bomb was followed by a story about a spate of murders in the west end. Gunshots to the heads of the victims. No suspects, no witnesses. Everyday stuff, for the police to sort out.
John made a harsh, wheezing noise, and stumbled, tripping over his own feet, which felt bolted to the floor, his whole body frozen. He stared, unable to look away, at the long-fingered, elegant hand reaching out toward him. So close, after all this time. Sherlock's hand.
John put the phone down, and stared at the wall beside the kitchen table, steeped in the bittersweet memory of the crime wall, covered in plans for his wedding, of the way Sherlock's step had hitched, on the way back to Baker Street, after the case, when John had mentioned it. Sherlock was all too ready to let John go, ready to let him slip through his fingers. He'd been prepared to give a best man's speech, for Christ's sake. He'd assumed battle stations, and John had let him.
Those marks on his wrist. He'd been bound. Held captive.
John walked past a small fountain in the centre of the park. It had been drained, in anticipation of winter, and stood dry and empty.
He took another deep drink of wine. The silence between them extended, and Sherlock squirmed in his chair, then stilled.
The living room and kitchen were quiet, lights off. He called out—just Mark's name, just in case he was still here, waiting in some corner of the kitchen. He checked both rooms again.
Mark was pacing, agitated. "We're going to have a lot of fun with you, John."
He needed to sit down, get some water. He was dizzy.
John shivered. He hadn't wanted to know, he supposed, where Sherlock had been, or what he'd done. In his mind, that time was a blank, an empty space between blood on the pavement and the scene at the Landmark. He was afraid it would hurt to fill it.
"Are we? Sure we don't have better things to do?"
"Oh nothing. Just family," he said. "Sounds like trouble."
Sherlock's gaze lingered on John for a long moment before he spoke. "I'm surprised you're here. Thought you'd be busy. Wedding coming up and all." He was still holding his bow and violin. He placed them back in their case, which was balanced across the arms of his chair, and closed the lid.
. Of course it wasn't. Mark had been forced to do some dirty work, because of the mess John had made. John was sure that was the real meaning behind his late return home.
Mrs. Hudson's wedding planner emailed them back about their request for an appointment, with a grim warning that there was no way she could plan a decent January wedding in the time they had left. They booked an appointment anyway, for the last day of November, a Saturday.
He should never have dropped his guard, never have allowed himself to get so low, after Sherlock died, after he left. He'd thought the game was over. He'd felt so small, a shadow of his former self. He knew now, that feeling had been an illusion. The game was never over. John had become a player when he'd joined Sherlock in the first place, and he always would be, as long as there was still breath in his lungs, and fire in his heart.
Sherlock looked down at John, his gaze full of desperation. "I can't let you do this."
Mark was still hard against John's thigh. He put his hand on the side of John's neck, and squeezed. "Oh, this isn't Jim's game any more. Or at least, the players are different, and the reasons for it have changed, love."
Sherlock leaned down, his gaze warmer than John had ever known it to be, the line of his mouth broken, his love for John shining out through his every feature, more luminous than the moon. "Please don't die, John. Never die."
Anika, as it turned out, was terrific at her job. She talked them out of wearing suits that matched each other, making a case, instead, for clothes that would bring out each of their best features, express their personalities. She asked nine or ten easy questions about what they did and didn't like. She agreed to coordinate with the minister John had chosen—another connection he'd made through Mrs. Hudson—and confirm the date, once they'd booked a place.
occupied for at least ten minutes, maybe a bit more." As Bill said
Then, the impossible. Mark offered Sherlock his hand, and the two of them moved toward the dance floor. Sherlock shot John a look as he moved past the table. John couldn't read it at all. He tried to reach for him, but he couldn't manage it.
"Sorry," John said, still watching Mark closely. "Jumped the gun."
"Yes," Violet replied.
"Thank you," John had said, as he gave Mark his wet clothes, bundled into a plastic shopping bag. And then, the fatal turn of phrase: "Let me know how I can repay you."
, that he was over at Baker Street, killing Sherlock right now, that he was around the corner, on assignment, ready to come home at any moment in his black clothes, gun in hand, and murder John.
"A few days. Less than a week. Feels like longer. I meant to break it off with him, after Bainbridge's case. I was ready to finish the relationship, and move back to Baker Street with you, on the off chance that you would have me." John swiped at his eyes. He was full of emotion again, relief pouring through him at finally getting to say what he wanted to. "And then I found out what he was, and I couldn't make a move before I was sure we could get him, and the rest of the people he's working with."
They ate in their pyjamas in front of the telly. John muted his phone, putting it to the side. He didn't want to jump for it if he got a text. He needed time to rest, to come down after everything that had happened, to let the adrenaline clear from his system.
"I'll help," John said, uselessly. "I'll be there, and I'll—we'll—"
At home, John removed his coat and shoes, and paced the length of the living room, hopes high, heart singing. He hardly knew what to do with himself, now that he was alone. The details of persisting in time—food, water, rest—seemed completely secondary to the high, sweet notes that played in his blood, the music of everything he felt for Sherlock. It sustained him with hope, and the sure knowledge that soon, the two of them would move forward together.
He protested weakly, apologised, eyed the door, thought about leaving. He'd made the trip over in a flurry of excitement and nerves, eager to tell her his news, for her to know about Mark, and the fact that he was getting ready to ask Mark to marry him. She'd always been so open-minded. She was the first person he wanted to tell, the only person, really, from his old life.
Sherlock laughed, a low rumble in his throat, and John stumbled as he climbed into the back of the car, caught up in the sudden beauty of the sound. "No, John. I promise, I'll see you very soon."
Mark frowned, and dug his phone out of his pocket. "Hang on," he said, as he thumbed it open. "Ah!" He grinned down at the screen. "This is where we part."
Mark spun Sherlock in his arms, and Sherlock seemed to smile a bit, and John knew there was a plan, that he had something to do, but he couldn't remember what it was any more. He wrestled with the impression that he was somehow sitting at the table and dancing with Sherlock at the same time. That couldn't be right. If he was over there and still sitting here, it meant that something was terribly wrong.
The weeks following John's brief exercise in spycraft passed in a thick fog, marked by the low, quiet grind of persistent routine, and a feeling he couldn't manage to escape, that somehow his life had gone sideways.
"What do you mean?"
"Oh no. Getting too old for that. Quick movie, and home to bed for me."
And there it was. Of course they were going to talk about it. Of course they needed to. John swallowed hard, against the impulse to deny everything.
Sherlock stared at Mark, and John knew that Sherlock saw everything, knew exactly what this was, what they were to each other.
he typed.
Mark had dark circles under his eyes. He was the one who looked exhausted. Lying was heavy work. John wondered where he'd been last night, if he'd had to kill any more of his criminal cohort. He felt the tensions of the last few days crashing in on him, freezing him to the spot. He could barely move, barely speak, but he finally managed to step back, rubbing the back of his neck.
In the bathroom, he stripped off his clothes, and put them in the laundry hamper. He watched himself in the medicine cabinet mirror as he carefully pulled the bandage off his forehead, revealing a deep scratch, crusted with dried blood. He took out his electric razor, and shaved his face. Once he was done, he rubbed his fingers across his naked upper lip.
John took the phone and squinted at the screen. 11:45 pm. Later than he'd imagined.
John could barely recognise him anymore, could barely see the man he'd imagined he wanted to marry. He remembered the day leading up to their dinner at the Landmark, how nervous he'd been, how jagged the edges of his life, of his heart, and how he'd wished, so fervently, that they could become smooth.
There was no way around this, John decided. Pretending that Sherlock hadn't hurt him wasn't right. Pretending that he'd just waited for Sherlock, waited for a miracle he'd never imagined could actually happen—that wasn't good, either.
Water was his first priority. He stepped into the kitchen and pulled himself along the counter, turned on the faucet, and watched as the tap spat out a thick gout of wet orange rust, and then a stream of water. He waited until it ran clear, then cupped his hand under it and drank, and drank again. He needed to metabolise out the rest of the drug.
Mark was standing among the gathered police. He seemed to be chatting with Sally, saying something that made her laugh, her smile broad, her eyes sparkling. As John approached, she turned to look at him with something new in her expression, quite different from her previous cold criticism.
John remembered Mark coming in, that day, and kissing him. He'd asked John how his morning had gone, and John had lied and said something bland, thinking all the while of the cameras, and his need to feel like he had some control over his life, and the fact that he'd felt like he was betraying Mark, in all sorts of different ways, even then, even though they'd just gotten engaged.
, hating the lie. Hating himself.
John turned toward the street, and there, behind a Wiggins who was practically twitching out of his skin with excitement, a sleek black car had pulled up to the kerb. Wiggins opened the back door for John, and gestured at him to climb in.
"I do."
Sherlock made an ambivalent noise.
Sherlock blinked. "Yes, of course. Still safe, as far as I can tell."
John laughed, simple relief washing through him. Of course Mark wasn't really jealous. He was the real boyfriend, the real lover. The husband-to-be, once John got around to asking. John went up on tiptoes, grinning like a fool, and took a box of muesli down from the cupboard. "It wasn't working for me."
John kicked, as best he could, as the strange man wrestled his legs into pyjama bottoms.
He touched the back of Mark's hand. His fingers brushed across Mark's familiar calluses, on the base of his forefinger, and his thumb. He traced the thickened skin, finally seeing the pattern for what it was. He knew he was frowning. He shivered.
John held still. He was afraid to move, afraid that all he was capable of doing, in this moment, was starting a physical fight that would end when one of them was dead.
He scrolled faster, skimming as quickly as he could to see if there was any word from Sherlock, hoping that for once, Sherlock hadn't seen the post, or hadn't chosen to comment.
John pulled himself up into a sitting position, unwilling to give Mark any advantage. Mark leaned in for another kiss, catching the corner of John's mouth as John turned his head away.
He and Mark had built such a good foundation together. John wouldn't do anything to jeopardise it.
"Indeed, John. How long have you known?"
He went to bed by himself, utterly wrung out in a way he hadn't been, since he and Sherlock ran through London streets together, chasing criminals and, perhaps, each other.
Sherlock had seemed so quiet throughout it all, not arguing about John's feelings, just offering an apology, and a partial account of where he'd been. He'd let John talk, let him speak his truth.
He wondered how he'd ended up in this place, forced to sit with the revelation, perpetually there, and perpetually dreadful, that he'd sabotaged his own life, fouled up the one thing he wanted most, first with his clumsy confession on the train carriage, and then by trying to put the whole broken mess back together with glue and string.
"Contacting the press."
As the light came up outside the flat, he scanned the ground in the back garden, eyeing the flagstone under which he'd reburied the tablet and power bank, looking for any sign that he'd failed to hide what he'd done.
John closed the gap between them. "Stop it," he said. It came out sounding irritated. He didn't mean it. He lowered his voice, spoke more slowly, gingerly. "We'll work together. Finish what you started, together."
From some far corner, someone was speaking. He heard the voice at first as if it was playing through the tinny speaker of an ancient gramophone, at a distance. As it grew closer, and clearer, he recognised it as Mark's.
Sherlock had mentioned being distracted. He'd been putting in steady effort on John's behalf, communicating with Anika, and setting John up with Arthur Davies. Planning tonight.
Sherlock was touching something on the desk, running his fingers over the cover of a book, concentrating on it as if his life depended on it. It took John a moment to recognise the copy of Pasteur's
"Really?"
"Our initials," Mark gasped. "The last of us. The last four. Everything you need to know about each of us is on that drive."
"That's cold." Mark looked pleased.
John stared at him for a moment. He thought to ask questions about how they would get back, about what he could expect to find, but Sherlock had clearly gone to a lot of trouble to set all of this up, and he didn't want to break the spell. He wanted it to never break.
On December 10th, a Tuesday, John had an appointment with a new patient, a young woman in her early twenties. She turned up in his office doorway wearing a stained bomber jacket, and smiled at him with uneven teeth. She cast a glance back into the lobby before stepping into the office and closing the door behind her, then slipped a business card out of her pocket, and put it down on John's desk.
His mind sent up a protest, stuttering over the memory of Sherlock's soft kiss, landing on the corner of his mouth, the way Sherlock had begged him for forgiveness, before John had any idea what Sherlock was asking, before John understood that Sherlock was letting him go. It was all too raw, too much for him to work through. All he knew was that he was back home, in the life he'd planned for himself.
"No."
Sherlock inhaled sharply, watching John carefully. "I understand. You want to impress your friends. No illusions shattered. You're afraid of what I might say."
"It's our best chance to get them," she said. "The other members of his group worked on Baccarin together. He'll want to do the same with you. If you're taken out of the picture now, John, the investigation is finished."
As a feeling of warm affection washed over him, he fought the urge to crumple under it. Sherlock could love. He was fully capable of it, John was sure. The evidence was right in front of him. He supposed it always had been.
"I'm ready," John said, his leg bouncing, fidgeting to stop himself from blurting out everything, from telling Sherlock that he never loved Mark, that Mark was a criminal, an assassin, and they had to go catch him. "Yeah, I'm ready to get married."
"Thanks," John said, flatly, panic flaring to the surface. "I'll be in touch with the details. Or Mark will. The wedding planner. Someone. Thanks again." He had to get away, get out, before he broke down, before he broke everything he'd just done.  He was still holding Sherlock's hand, he realised. Too long. Too much.
"Oh, yeah." He shook his head. "Tom."
John's phone pinged. He took a deep breath, and looked at the screen, half expecting a text from Mark, some kind of explanatory note.
The sound of the gun going off was incredibly loud, replacing the hush of the woods—the murmur of the wind through the leaves, the ragged breathing of the three of them in the clearing—with a high ringing that would take some time, maybe minutes, to clear from John's ears.
Sherlock raised his chin. "What?"
John went to the window. Sherlock's parents moved down the street together, their silver-haired heads tilting toward each other as they spoke, Mrs. Holmes gesticulating grandly. Mr. Holmes turned his head to watch her. They were reminiscent of something, John decided, some ideal he couldn't quite put his finger on.
In the cab, on the way home, Mark was silent. John reached for his hand, interlacing their fingers, the warm comfort anchoring John to the present. The cabbie eyed them in the rear view mirror. John lifted Mark's hand to his lips, defiant, daring the cabbie to say anything, and kissed his knuckles.
John's stomach dropped. He couldn't expect Sherlock to come. They weren't even speaking to each other. They couldn't. For John's safety, or so Sherlock had told him.
"Tease."
Mark kissed his cheek. "Depends on the family."
"Stand up. I want to say goodbye to you properly."
As Mark reached out and ran his fingers through John's hair, John felt the full force of his own foolishness. He pushed back against the crawling shame that threatened to rise to the surface. He had a life, and it was a good one.
Sherlock took it, squeezing it as if he were hanging on for dear life. Everyone at the tables around them was staring, a couple of people typing away on their phones. Sherlock Holmes, not dead, and back in London. John expected the news would hit the papers tomorrow.
Pretending to be drunk, then. He clearly wasn't, not the way he'd walked in.
"Sir. I hope everything works out for the best, Sir."
This wasn't a case, John realised. It was something else, although he couldn't guess what. He closed the gap between himself and Sherlock, leaned in. "Everything all right?"
Maybe he'd thought it was. The last time he'd asked, John had told him that Sherlock hadn't been in touch. And they'd been moving forward with plans for the wedding. The safest thing to do, in this moment, was to preserve that illusion. Buy himself some more time.
He should have known Sherlock would find him, would somehow know about the danger, would come, in the nick of time. He wished he could speak, say something, make a joke. He felt light, inside. It was all okay, somehow, this, now that the danger was over.
He stared at his phone, tempted, again, to invite himself back to Baker Street.
Before he left, he deleted the email thread, and the associated documents. He had no real idea where Mark was. He suspected, given the hit in the alley two nights before, he might be close. It wouldn't do for him to come home early, and find that John had been investigating him.
"Sholto and I were close. Yes."
she replied.
John could feel himself flush. "It was all for nothing, then. Just another lie."
The first run of images were mostly of him, blurry shots taken up his nose as he adjusted the first camera in the backyard, and the second one in the shrub out front, triggering their motion sensors as he set them in place. There were pictures of the top of his head as he stood on the front walk, in range of the camera he'd placed over the door. Then the record of himself, taken from the camera out back, prying up the flagstone and burying the tablet. He scrolled through quickly, until that first flurry of activity was done, and everything seemed to settle into a steady pattern, a record of a typical Saturday afternoon in the neighbourhood, in late autumn.
He thumbed open the conversation with Mark. His jaw clenched as he reread Mark's texts from that morning, the apparently light-hearted note telling John to get his readers under control.
The vicar cleared his throat. Beside him, Sherlock was looking at the floor as if it had just done something particularly intriguing. He'd flushed a bit, his eyebrows raised. From her place on the front pew, Harry gave a soft whistle.
Mark kissed John's forehead, then leaned in and kissed him on the lips, lingering there, while John closed his eyes, and tried to endure it. Finally, Mark stepped back, and ran his fingers through his hair. "Do I look okay? Not too mussed?"
it said, in Sherlock's scrawl.
Cath raised her eyebrows. "I suppose you could call visiting your husband's family in Iceland exotic."
"Uh, it’s not really my area. What do you suggest?"
In the kitchen, as he waited for his laptop to come out of sleep mode, a sinking feeling started up in the pit of his belly, a thin thread of vulnerability building to a high, obnoxious whine. He'd written about the case in a haze of love and optimism. He didn't think he had gone too far, but perhaps he had.
The answer surprised John. "Not Jill?"
John broke open, everything he'd been feeling coming up inside him like a torrent, and emerging as a bark of laughter. Sherlock watched him, brow furrowed, affection and disbelief mixing in his features, and John shook with the force of everything that had happened. He couldn't help himself. He would burst if he couldn't laugh.
Mark pulled out John's chair, and guided him to it. John sat, harder than he should have. Mark was on his knees in front of him, holding his hand, cupping his elbow, gazing up earnestly into his face, and talking. Soothing words. "It's all right. Just take a deep breath. You're scaring me a bit, love."
crowding over to touch Mark's shoulder, asking in hushed tones, "Is everything all right, Sir? Should we call a doctor?"
The vicar led them through a round of blessings, having them kneel, and stand again, then go to the registration table and sign the marriage certificate. John hesitated for a moment before he signed his name, looking sidelong at Mark, and all too aware of Sherlock, who stood as witness, hovering by John's left elbow.
He straightened his tie, and fidgeted in his chair. Took a deep breath. Blew it out through his mouth.
"It's perfectly understandable, John. Two years is a very long time. And the way Sherlock went about it, pretending to die, then coming back. I would expect that might be difficult to forgive."
"Certainly endeavouring to, Sir." The waiter slipped away.
On his tall, lanky form, the suit looked wonderful, all clean lines, the dark fabric of the suit coat contrasting with Sherlock's milky skin, the long cut of it only making him look taller and more graceful, the whole outfit as clear a claim of his alignment with John, as John could have imagined him making. He was sure his mouth was hanging open. He wasn't sure how to close it. He wasn't sure how to move.
John nodded, as he felt his world realign, the whole thing falling into place, after being wrong for so long. "I do."
Mark kissed him, tenderly, on the cheek, and on the lips. "I know I'm no Sherlock Holmes, but I promise you this, John, I'm going to do everything I can to make sure you're never bored."
Mark was like a blade when he was angry: sharp, and bright. He cut with precision. "He says there's been no new activity for a fortnight. Weather forecast says low chance of assassination? I don't know, John." He stared down the street like he was measuring whatever he would say next. "He's expecting you. He's expecting you to ask him to be best man."
He was grateful, at least, for the rare oblivion of a full night's rest. He really had been totally exhausted. He couldn't remember any dreams. He hadn't even noticed when Mark came to bed.
He tried to call Sherlock's name aloud, and felt it turn to slurry in his mouth.
John put his hand on Mark's hip. He was trying not to shake, trying not to give the game away. He decided to talk. It was the safer option. If he stuttered, well, he'd told Mark enough times that he was no good at sharing what he was feeling.
Sherlock's bow lips were open in an
As the sound of the sink filling with water came from the kitchen, John reached for his phone.
He looked over at Sherlock, who frowned down at his phone, then sent a reply.
Whatever he had to do, he'd resolved that nothing would rush them. He would allow Sherlock to move at his own pace, however that might work for him, whatever it might mean. They would figure it out together. He felt a stirring, warm and delicate, of a deeper, more subtle love than he'd known was possible. It wasn't just passion he felt for Sherlock. It was kindness, a complete willingness to give him whatever he needed.
The lyric repeated, nauseatingly. People shouted along, laughing and moving too much, as if gravity had failed.
He reread the first two sentences he'd appended to the end of it:
He stumbled over the implications of his own words. He'd never had Sherlock, not in all the ways that he'd wanted, but: no. They'd meant a great deal to each other. He believed that. He would continue to believe it, unless Sherlock said otherwise. "You were—great. You were really great, and things were so good. And then."
"Give me your coat," Sherlock said, his voice raspy.
Mark's footsteps across the floor sounded perfectly even, his movements graceful and steady, smooth, almost cat-like. He rounded the corner toward the kitchen, and seeing John there, he paused. His gait shifted, becoming irregular. He stumbled a bit as he reached the doorway and leaned against the frame, his eyes hooded, his joints loose.
. Indeed.
"We'll get you a new one. One that works. Time to move forward, I think."
"Ah, just tired, I guess. Work tomorrow."
He knew now that it wasn't. He needed someone to be with. He needed a complete relationship.
There was no time. If it meant protecting Sherlock, he would do anything. He would sacrifice himself. He would fake his way through. He would die, if he had to.
John put the bag down, sat at his desk, and scrubbed his face with his hands. People were, essentially, nice. Remembering that would help him get through the next few days, he hoped.
"Yes."
He shivered. The rain had chilled him through. He didn't know what he'd been thinking, trying to ride through it. Still, he hated the idea of a stranger doing him such an intimate favour. "Thanks, I suppose."
"Bees doing well?"
"John! John!"
"Major Sholto."
He didn't feel any better.
The hiss of Moriarty's voice joined him in the dark, as he tried, and failed, to open his mouth and call out, to beg to be spared. Those words, yanked up out of the slurry of his memory, spurred on his panic, a bolt of adrenaline shooting through him. The threat to him, then, his body covered in Semtex, snipers' guns trained on him and Sherlock, met him now, in the dark, as someone approached with a flame.
Sherlock walked on ahead of them, head held high, coat collar turned up.
"John."
John rode his bike home after work, one last ride, maybe the very last one, before everything changed. He wondered if he would still cycle to work, once he'd moved back to 221B. Maybe it would be time to look for a job closer to the city centre. Maybe quit his job altogether, go back to blogging cases for Sherlock, and throw his fortunes in with whatever Sherlock wanted to do.
He scrubbed at his face, waiting for his head to clear, listening for any sign that he wasn't alone. All was quiet. He hadn't been drugged, he assured  himself. If Mark had come in, he would have heard him.
He smiled as he kissed the corner of Mark's mouth, slipping into the easy intimacy they always had together. "You could have."
Sherlock's lips were full. They looked soft. John imagined Sherlock bending down over him, tilting John's face up to meet his, and kissing him until he was gasping for air.
Violet's
The other, equally strong, was to redirect, to turn Sherlock's thoughts away from the case. He didn't trust himself in this moment. He shouldn't. He had far too much selfish interest in throwing everything away so he could take what he wanted now, in this moment. The best thing he could do would be to ensure that tonight didn't change the game, as he had decided to play it.
"Yes."
Sherlock turned, and went to the fireplace. He ran his hand over the mantel, fingers lingering on the knife handle that he'd driven through what appeared to be a new sheaf of letters, on fine stationery. "He's clever."
"No." He grinned, thumbing his upper lip. "Shaved the moustache."
John handed the phone back to him. "So you saw this, and you understood that it was some kind of warning?"
He paused as he landed on a picture of Mark, returning home at 5:15, letting himself in through the front gate. The camera above the door captured a second photo, a view of Mark's shoulders as he hunched to put his key in the lock. Fifteen minutes later, John himself passed through to the side gate, walking his bike. The camera on the back fence showed a few images of him locking it away in the garden shed, and going in through the back door, into the kitchen. The same camera had taken a picture of the sudden yellow glow of the kitchen light, shining out through the window.
It made sense that he was dizzy, he supposed. He laughed, feeling lighter than he had in a long time, as he found the fire door nearest the vicar's office. It was cracked open a little. Sherlock was standing there, holding it. Waiting for him.
"I told you already. I do forgive you. Of course I do."
He stood, and straightened his jacket, and took one last look at the pale, empty sky. He walked his bike back out to the churchyard gates, passing the crumbling headstones that sat like old teeth on the cold winter ground, ineffectual, but waiting to chew him down. Waiting to try. He hoped it wouldn't come down to that. Not death. Not yet.
"I know." John brought his hand up and placed it over Sherlock's, where it curled around John's shoulder.
Sherlock turned his head, his lips brushing against John's ear. He inhaled, and let his breath out in a noiseless sigh.
John laughed, and for the first time since he'd left his heart on the floor of the train carriage, a note of levity crept in. He smiled at William, then sobered. "But seriously, this will just—help me know what's going on, right?"
John woke up the next morning to the sound of his text alert going off. He rolled over and grabbed his phone off the bedside table, then sprawled on his back under the covers, comfortably alone.
The door to the flat was closed. He opened it, and walked in.
There wasn't a lot of time before the wedding—days, mere days—but it was enough time to stop it. Enough time to start to fix the mistakes of the past.
He took twenty quid from his wallet and gave it to her. After she left, he sat at his desk for the fifteen minutes that remained before his next patient, fighting the thin, bright thread of longing that constricted his heart, and would pull him all the way to Baker Street, if he let it.
Mark laughed, and let go of Sherlock, letting his hand linger on Sherlock's back. "Oi. Husband! I like the sound of that," he joked, shooting Sherlock a final look, as John led him out to the vestibule that connected the church to the reception hall.
"Your relationship was a bit of a surprise, to be honest," she told John. "It helped a lot, knowing he was working on developing a more permanent cover for his persona. It meant the situation was stable. On the down side, it also meant, for the first little while, that he was much less active. Harder to trace his associates."
The day was cold, the wind high, the sky, overcast. Everything was coated in a dull polish, a sense of finality, of closure. It felt like the last time, the final visit. It wasn't. Of course it wasn't. But he could see his way into a future now, if he squinted just right, and in that future, his graveyard visits might be less frequent, the ache in his chest a little less sharp.
"Two days," Sherlock said.
Back home, John paced the flat, restless, at odds with himself. He checked his phone for messages, saw none. Thought about sending one. Held himself back. He needed to sort through it all. Settle himself, which felt like an impossible task.
, at 3:57 pm, when the battery ran out. The archive held 3576 images in total.
Sherlock watched him for a long moment, the corners of his eyes glistening. "You missed a wonderful sting operation. We caught ten operatives in the large manor house. Seems like kidnapping you really was a big event for them."
He was better than fine. He was clear in his intentions, his mind made up, his spirit willing.
The second message read:
Mark pulled it out of his jacket and frowned at it. "Hold on." He looked up at John, all dimples and white teeth and merry blue eyes. "I have to take this. So sorry."
The crime wall was, John imagined, like the contents of Sherlock's mind palace: eclectic, eccentrically arranged. Several historic maps of the tube system dominated, along with surveillance photos of a wide range of individuals, printouts of crime statistics, and pages from the classified sections of at least three different newspapers. Two of the photos had been crossed out in red marker. Sherlock had drawn a long line from one of them, a picture of a bearded man, to a grainy printout of an image of a bonfire, which was next to a police report. John squinted at the report: a body had been found, just this morning, a forty-five year old man, shot in the head. He frowned at it, wondering what it meant.
