"All right, then," Sir John nodded. "Let us make you a squire."
Love, Simon
“I am going to do
He remembered something his granny, a woman who had been married to his grandad for sixty-odd years, once said: “The early years of marriage are like being a toddler again. You’re full of energy, excited for the new world. And as you make your way through it, you’ll fall on your bum more times than you can count. But as long as you remember there’s someone there to help you back up and dust you off, you’ll be fine. Just fine. Learning to walk takes two. Same thing with marriage.”
“Good morning, John.”  I pat my mouth with my hand.  Yaw-w-wn.
“You want me to…marry you?”
Getting back to his cell, John gathered dry clothes and made for the showers; a nice hot one would warm his bones back up.   And wash some of the stench of the prison from him; even a few minutes of reprieve from it would be welcome.
“Stop.  Just stop, Sherlock.”
John blew out a breath.  “I cannot do this.  Tis too dangerous.”
Sherlock looked again at the address in his spam folder.  It
As for me, touched by Sherlock’s dedication to keeping our relationship healthy, not that he would know that’s what he’s doing, I have promised never to call him ugly names.  It’s been years since I’ve called him a twat, twit, wanker, or bloody git.  Not that I don’t think them from time to time, but I know in the end it’s best not to say them.
“I love you, John,” I say, words he so rarely hears leave my mouth.  Aha!  He will be himself in no time; he can never resist a well-timed romantic gesture.
The curtains of the canopied bed drawn open to the sunlight, the shrunken man awoke, his wisp of shock white hair in disarray.  Now completely invalided, he rarely left the bed, sleeping in short, fitful doses.  Turning his head, he saw Millicent sat in the nearby chair, her constant presence a since he took ill a comfort to him.
The display’s date is January 29. Sherlock noted the time; later, he would correlate it with other of the night’s activities to determine for how long John had been unconscious. Sherlock kept watching.
Then it hits me.  What I saw in John’s eyes…
“Get back over here.  You’re going to freeze.”  John stretches behind him and hooks his hand over my waist, trying to pull me toward him.
At the mention of John, Stamford’s smile faltered. “I, well, let me take you to see the others first, and then you can decide for yourself if you want to see John.”
"Sherlock, stop it. You’re okay. You’re safe.”
“I—I have something I have meant to tell Sherlock and every time I try, I be interrupted.”  Colin picked at the dirt under his fingernails, flicking it onto the floor.  “Tis difficult for me to tell him because tis of a personal nature, but I think if you told him it would be better.  I be not so sure he will take it well from me.”
“He did.” Cedric stood up, looking at the floor as had Sherlock, avoiding the blood covered man on the bed.   “Tis not here?”
Colin’s gaze flitted to the fire. Smoke curled around the edges of the oil cloth covering it, disappearing into the misty rain.
John John doesn’t seem to mind, giggling at the funny voices and faces his grandfather makes as mounds of clothes are shoved on him, the poor child.  I can’t help but worry about heat exhaustion, and the fact that he is unable to move.
“Of course. The office is yours.” Nika hurried from the room, shutting the door behind her.
“Ha!  That coming from one of the most stubborn men I’ve ever known,” but his eyes soften as he takes my gloves, knowing I will not back down.  “I love you, you know.”
“…and that apples don’t often fall far from the tree.”
“No, not at all,” Nika lied. She used the time it took to walk the chip to the desk to regroup. She wasn’t expecting him
Sherlock decided it was time to purposely put John out of his mind; it wasn’t useful to be thinking about someone he very likely would not see again.
“Not unless you can secure my squire’s release from the gaol.” John threw out.
“I suppose thou be right, but this time, tis no need.  Now, to acquire a small vat of blood.  Should not be difficult.”
‘Sherlock Holmes  1,  The Judge  0’, I think with a smirk that would do John proud.  This is much easier than I thought it would be.
“Quiet!  Quiet everyone!”  the Crier shouted, but the discord amongst the crowd only grew worse.  They wanted blood, and they wanted it now.
I am not reassured.  Only one other time I have seen John this distraught, and it was when Mary died.
“You said, in the journals…you wrote that you started them because you had things to say that you couldn’t put in the blog. And you said you didn’t write them on your laptop because you knew that a certain pathologically nosy flatmate—I believe you were referring to me—would stumble onto even a hidden file. Very clever, by the way, John, to hide the journals in the false back of the dresser. Had I not dropped a sock, I might not have guessed it even had one.”
Seeing something hanging from the door way, he reached up to touch the small sprig of leaves, noticing that nestled in between them were what appeared to be little white berries. And it had a bow. Curious. He unhooked it, and holding it in his hand, examined it.  He noted the rounded green leaves paired together on the woody stems, searching his mind for what little knowledge he had of plant life.  What was this?
Stamford headed toward the nearest large cluster of lush foliage. With Sherlock in tow, when Stamford reached the far side of it, he stopped, motioning toward a clutch of makeshift tents.
“Bring me a candle; I need to look for wounds.”
“I did warn you, Sherlock," the tinge of apology in Mycroft’s voice too late.  The words that should not have been spoken were already dropping to the floor with a crash, shattering Sherlock’s thin veneer of composure.
“Your mobile, Molly. Sometime today would be useful.”
Sherlock raked his thumbnail along the edges of the pages inside his Belstaff, itching to read through them, but he’d have time enough later to dissect every note that would tell him what was troubling John. To discover the hidden depths of the man who, though in the past had called Sherlock his best friend, had barely spoken to him in months.
John nudged his arm under Sherlock’s head, prompting Sherlock to tightly wrap his arms around the soldier.  Mouths desperately met once again, as if the oxygen the two men required for survival was contained within each other’s bodies.
“It is because of you.”
Sitting on the settee in Buckingham Palace, John looked over at Sherlock, ridiculously wrapped in his bedsheet. Taking a pointed look at the where Sherlock’s crotch was hidden under a mound of crumpled sheet, John asked "Wearing any pants?" Sherlock's bored response "No-o-o,” should have made John laugh, but despite their location, or perhaps because of it, he found himself aroused by the risk. Reaching over with his left hand he slid it up Sherlock's leg to where his thighs met. Nope, no pants…but there
The private compartment of the limousine was kept at an exact 21° C, warm enough that Sherlock needed to remove his coat, laying it on the empty seat beside him.  He leaned his head back on the headrest and closed his eyes.  He was just as happy not to have to talk; Mycroft was reading e-documents, taking occasional notes on the yellow pad laying on the small table top that pulled out of the seat between him and Anthea, and Anthea was absorbed with her Blackberry in between making corrections on the notes Mycroft handed her.
“Geriatric?!  I may be seventy-six, but I do not believe that qualifies for…for geriatric!”  I practically spat the words out.  We are
As I watch John sleep I believe he has never been more beautiful.  Yes, his wrinkles have multiplied since we married just a little over 20 years ago, soft folds of skin he has to gently tug at when he shaves. Deep crinkles around his eyes, the result of decades of loving smiles.  A now sparse head of hair that he, with uncharacteristic vanity, tufts and gels to make it look as if he has more.
My fingers map the contours of his face, the outline of his jaw, my eyes following my thumb as its pad rakes the stubble on his chin.  He did not shave today and his face is peppered with white and grey hairs, the reddish tint from days gone by nowhere to be seen.
“He is sleeping.”  Sherlock’s answer floats to me, deep and rich, through the dark.
“Slow down,” John said. “Say that again?”
Thought about Gareth, frustrated he had not found the man who had slain Eduard.  He had been certain that they would be followed, that another attempt would be made on his life.  They had met many people on the road - monks, noblemen, merchants - but none be the man Aldus and Cedric had seen at the alehouse.  It frustrated him that he did not know what the knife looked like, that the boot impressions had been obscured by the muddied water.  Then, should they have met someone they suspected be disguised, he could have inspected their boots, their weaponry.
“What be it, then?”
And with one more steadying breath, she restarted Mr. Holmes’s message.
Gently Sherlock asked, “Have you seen John?”  He took another tissue and stretched his arm out, handing it to her in preparation for another possible bout of tears.
Through the window, Sherlock viewed a man so colossal his body claimed the entirety of the loveseat he sat on. His bulging thighs dwarfed the laptop sitting on top of them. His bloated face, etched with too many hours and years of unhappiness, bore the pastiness of someone who rarely let the sun grace him.
Christ.  Was he doing the right thing?   Should he have called first?  He’d thought about it, but every time he’d gone to call he clicked the phone off when he heard the ring on the other end.  What if Sherlock hung up on him?  No, if Sherlock didn’t want to talk to him he would have a harder time shaking John off in person; John knew it might take a few minutes to get through that thick head it should listen to what needed to be said.
to kiss him.  Or how.  Or for how long.
“What did you buy?”  John looks into the bag, then back at me, puzzled.  “It’s empty.  What did you get?”
Reaching down again, he picked an object up out of a clump of wet leaves.  Wiping it clean, he stood up and inspected it; the familiar enthusiasm of an intriguing discovery telling John the detective found something of significance.
?!  I should have done this the day he moved in, if it makes him so happy.  Maybe he can move back in and immediately move back out.  He’ll be ecstatic.
Mayhew neared the park’s exit onto Baker Street. Though almost as tall and as slim as Sherlock, Mayhew must have lived a soft life, making him sluggish, and Sherlock calculated it shouldn’t take much more than a block beyond the park before he caught up. Brimming with his own brand of confidence, Sherlock slid his mobile out of his pocket and speed‑dialed Lestrade. “You’ll have him before a half hour,” he said.
“’Tripped and fell’, hmmm.  This must make her very happy indeed, for these are the only times she sings.  I had never heard her so happy when coupling with you.  The burlap you call a ‘wall’ muffles nothing.  You are played for a fool and deserve no less than to be cuckolded.”
“And yet, you did. GPS?”
I know you must miss your dear Dr. Watson’s companionship while he’s out of commission, so I offer you a little something to amuse you until he’s up and about again.
“I am
Now why had he gone and done that?
His mobile pinged.
For what seemed days, he drifted in and out of sleep, dreams and waking thoughts so intertwined that he didn’t know which was which. But one thing he did know, they all centered around one common theme: undeniably, the world would be better off without him.
“My forty-three quid.” The male had grown more insistent.
“Yes.”
“It’s my name. Tom Bayers.”
A quaver in his voice, Colin tried again.  “Sher-” But this time twas not Sherlock’s words which cut him off, twas the look on his face.  Though Colin could not see it clearly, he saw enough to know that twas not the time to talk, let alone to divulge a secret about which Sherlock would likely not be happy.  He did not seem the type to endure the attachments of a family.
Holmes.  Now please leave, or I will ring the nurse and request security escort you out.”
John took a step toward Sherlock.
“Take his other arm.”  Sherlock stooped to hook an arm under the cleft of Gareth’s shoulder, and indicated John do the same.
“Because I want to know how badly he’s going to break my son’s heart.”
his life.
Speaking of my husband-to-be, where is he?  He didn’t sleep in the chair, did he? I look past the end of the bed.  If he did, he isn’t there anymore.  I don’t hear any sounds coming from the loo.  Maybe Sherlock got up and started moving around, but I don’t think so; if he doesn’t sleep in the chair he stays in bed until I get up, even if he does start squirming.  He’s such a little kid sometimes; I don’t know where he gets all his energy from.  He’s not as hyper as he used to be, but he still seems to have only two speeds: full stop and whirling dervish, even if the only thing moving is his mind.  Christ, how I love that man.
Still peering up at him, thinking a good nose hair clipping might be in order, I stretch my arm, contorting as I reach the table beside his for his glasses.   Squirming, I manage to knock John’s mobile out of his hands, and I turn over, lying on his stomach to grab it from the deck.
Propping himself up onto his elbows, Sherlock turned his head in the direction from which the voice had come and was faced with a smiling John. Sat in a chair, John propped his newly plastered leg up on an ottoman.
“Tom? Why do you go by Tom?” He’d seen nothing in the police files that indicated Mayhew had an alias.
So now I pad out to the sitting room.  I do not need to turn on a lamp, for since John did not turn off the fairy lights on the tree, they wash the room with their multi-color hues.  He finds them romantic.   I find them a poor substitute for proper illumination; who needs a “mood”?   Without crossing the room I see what I fully anticipated - the mince pies and milk sit untouched.  Empty stockings hang lifeless from the mantel and the only presents under the tree are the ones we placed there the last few days, ones we purchased for each other or received in the post.
I visited the first love of my life with
“Yes, John, by selling your services; it is as simple as that.  You do for him, uh, what you did for me last night and he gives you money.  It is all very straightforward and you both walk away getting what you need.  If you are worried you are not qualified, I will vouch for your expertise.”  My face, and groin, grows warm at the thought.  My eyes stray to his lips and I consider opening the window to cool myself off.
Sherlock’s fingers flew over the keyboard, pausing every few seconds as he reviewed the call history.
am the one who needs to apologize.”
Two strikes. Two leads that had gone nowhere, their only purpose to antagonize him. To make him feel as if he were letting down John.
the person you’re in love with.”
A note that told Sherlock everything he needed to know and yet nothing he
balloons and toward his chair.
come home.
He could not wait for light.  Sherlock skimmed his hands over John’s body, feeling for a tear in his clothing, a broken bone…blood. Talking to John in a quiet voice whilst he did.  “Thou cannot leave me.  Thou will be all right.
John sucked in a breath as Sherlock’s hand drifted slow and sure down his neck, pausing only to examine with his fingertip the brown dot that stood out against his fair skin . Unbuttoning John’s shirt, Sherlock feathered his fingers across his chest, across the plain of his belly.  Down to where he cupped the bulge at the intersection of John’s legs.
“Can’t it wait, Sherlock? Kinda busy here, trying to save our lives and all.”
boring. He is the most exciting, the most amazing…” As Dr. Watson interrupts me, it soon becomes clear that he is less intent on berating me than he is in taking this opportunity to wax on (and on…ahem, and on) about the wonders of the man with whom he is so painfully in love.
had had a child.  It is an impractical thought, one far too late to act upon, but I like to believe that in some ways we did raise a child together…
like you.  You must be so proud.  Oh my, it is
Something on my Pail List?  There is nothing on my list I want to ‘be’.  Husband, Consulting Detective, brother, Pére (!), smartest person in the room.  These are what I am and I want for nothing more.
It is but a few moments before I break my own command. “John?”
Perched on his crutches, John stood at the end of the small hall that led to the bathroom. And looking from Sherlock to Andi and back, he said, “Of course, I am. Why wouldn’t I be?”
“I,” Sherlock sounded uncharacteristically hesitant.  But as he looked at John, saw the open warmth in his eyes, the quiet strength, the man who would literally put his life on the line for a cause larger than himself, his hesitancy disappeared.
She didn’t know if the last was a good thing. When they found Sherlock, Mycroft could possibly be helpful—Sherlock was his brother, after all, and knew him best—but he could just as easily be a hindrance. The brothers were too much alike to see each other clearly.
understand.”  Sherlock had beamed as if he had just scored the winning point.
Peering closely at the picture, John said, “Not ringing a bell. Should I have?”
I stop breathing.
“You don’t have to keep lurking. You can join me, you know.”
“Know what?” Sherlock asked before he had the good sense not to, mentally kicking himself for being so easily entrapped.
“Shut up, Sherlock,” he says, almost whispering.
Not until now, not until he needed someone to talk to about his missing friend.
Pacing his living room, Sherlock stopped in front of the mantle and stared at the skull sitting there; it was a souvenir from his first murder investigation when he was just 10 years old.  Though he was a clever and precocious child, adults dismissed his involvement in solving the case, putting it down to his having overheard evidence discussed by the detectives assigned to the case.  Out of spite for the insult, for it had been he who had supplied the key evidence, he stole the decomposed head of the victim that eventually became The Skull and kept it with him ever since to remind himself of his first success.
Mycroft reproached his brother as soon as the door clicked closed behind the assistant, leaving the three men alone in the private office.
, I'm coming back. Why wouldn't I? I always do don't I? This is where I live."
Quietly ascending the last steps, he opened the door.  From the doorway he saw John sitting in the chair that had always been his, motionless, appearing to stare into the air at nothing.  With the gun lying on the table by his side.  Lying there innocently, as if it were not an instrument of death.
“Welcome for what?  You should never have arrested him in the first place.  You know very well he is innocent.”
“I ain’t gonna get no sick on me.”
Looking away, Sherlock couldn’t help from adding silently, ‘I couldn’t live with myself if something happened to you.’
“Do not be fooled by how he looks or by what he says, he is not going to announce his intentions.  Killers lurk in the dark of night; hide their evil spirits, they do.  And you have not the experience I have.  When you have more time in the world, you will see.  Will be as obvious as the nose on your face.”
Opening his eyes, the detective cocked his head and studied the sleeping man… the graying hair, the face softened in sleep, the flickering eyelids dreaming about…what?  Sherlock felt a calm the cigarette failed to bring him…his heartbeat slowed, his breathing evened, his fingers stopped searching for something to still them.
I stay on the edge of the bed, frustrated.  I am wrong again.  This so rarely happens.
“But he didn’t kill himself.”
“Beautiful.”  Out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock gazed at the stars that would soon hide behind the ominous clouds moving across the sky.
Looking down at him a smile slowly comes to my lips.  Marry John.  Definitely something worthy of consideration.
Mayhew stared at the knife as if in shock.
“I think you be right,” Sherlock said.
“I know,” Sherlock snapped, putting the device back in his pocket. Palming it so he could feel the vibration if he didn’t hear the alert. “Now, to your point? About MOD?”
“All right, all right.  Jesus.  If it will make you happy.”  His book lands with a thwack on the leather foot stool.
could he know about his son?  What Sherlock said about his wife could have been a measured guess.  Most men his age had married.  And that he was far from any city or town from whence came a Knight could have told him he no longer had a wife.  But to know that he had had a child, a son, and that he no longer lived, that was far more than a guess.
“It’s not a really a novel; it
John knew with perfect clarity that there was nothing he wanted, nothing he needed more in this world.  Nothing that would make him more complete.
“I’ve got a taser in here. I’ll use it,” she said, unclasping the flap on the bag and putting her hand inside.
“It is always a pleasure to see you, too, though not often enough, if I may say.”
“We can add more things to do,” John says, obviously confused.  “Is that what’s bothering you? That the list has run out, so you think we can’t do anything else?”
Sherlock was pleased with the response. They were rudimentary acts to be sure, but rudimentary was all that was needed. And logging into the download of her memory, he saw video corresponding with what she had seen moments ago, the audio perfectly matching.
John?!   We are
I wait for John to calm himself; I have not seen him lose himself in such a fit of mirth in close to 10 years.  Watching him laugh with such abandon fills me with love; how I adore this man.
of us, will be back before nightfall…”
I grin back.  “Had I known uttering such a word would be so satisfying, I would have incorporated it into my vocabulary long ago.”
did handcuffs get on his wrists?!  And pink, fuzzy ones at that?!
Three seconds later he rapped again.  This time harder.  No response.  He looked up and down the hallway, not knowing what he was looking for, but seeing no one, he dropped his arm and headed toward the exit.
John held his gaze steady, not wanting Sherlock to see this was a condition he could not agree to, would not agree to.  Despite the sense of complete and utter rightness he felt at being with Sherlock, he knew they could not be.  They would never work, not now, not after what had happened to him.
She heard Colin move to the stool beside her and sit down.
“Don’t be ridiculous. She returned to London after her husband was executed; I saw to it he was. Ran into her in the hallway two days ago, said she was staying in for the holidays.”
I tuck the comforter snugly around me, the minor discomfort of being in a chair instead of the bed compensated by the contentment of being next to John, and I fall asleep to the sweetest sound I know, that of my sleeping husband.
Colin may have said something else, but John did not hear it.  Thinking quickly, he knew what they had to do.
Simon all but threw the fare at the cabbie before jumping out of the vehicle, his brain a fog of red haze; his fury hadn’t dimmed since he’d fled his flat over an hour ago. He didn’t consider himself a violent man, but he felt ready to strangle someone, anyone, right now.
“Stay with me Sherlock.  Stay
Yes, despite denying it to his mother, Sherlock loved Troy all those years ago.  But what he felt for that college boy was nothing compared to how he now felt.  Nothing he felt for Troy in any way prepared him to be in love with his best friend.  In love with John, Sherlock at some point switched the focus of his life to the small but sturdy man.
I leave the room and head down to the lobby, ignoring the ‘Good day, Mr. Holmes’ the concierge offers as I pass by him.  I scan every place visible to me, watching for a short (my apologies, John, but it
Pfft.  We are in the desert.  Deserts cool at night.
Sherlock. Christ. Was it all to end without really getting started?
He shudders.
As Sherlock’s strides took him away from the camp, never before had John known himself to be so nervous.  If he be honest with himself, he would admit the better word be “frightened.”  He had led soldiers into battles against the fiercest enemies.  Had pulled from his own shaking body a bloody sword buried deep inside him. Had helped birth his own child .
Sherlock couldn’t help thinking that whichever way Mycroft replied—yes or no, truth or lie—the answer would be disturbing. Because no matter what caused them to put themselves in harm’s way, until there was an end to Simon, John’s safety couldn’t be assured.
Mycroft adopted his familiar air of authority as he recounted what he knew.  “When we arrived Magnussen was dead, shot point blank in the forehead, and you were lying on the patio, unconscious.”
I reach for his hand under the covers.  Cool to the touch, it is thin and delicate.  John has become so slight it is almost as if he is not here, as if he is a ghost of himself.
“Colin,” Sherlock said sharply, interrupting Aldus
The legs of Simon’s chair squealed against the floor as he pushed it back, tipping his head and saying, “Later,
are amazing.” My mouth hangs open with, well, amazement.
“Sodomy, John.”
Lying on the bed, his head propped up by his hand, John’s fingers were going numb from being weighted down so long.
John groped the immediate area around his bed, looking for the emesis basin, anything that could serve as a receptacle.
“How’s John?” Mrs. Hudson asked again when she had Sherlock’s attention. “I read about that nasty accident, and then there were people coming and going to your flat. I’ve been so worried.”
“I do
Skipping nimbly down the steps after her, Sherlock said, “Maybe not deliberately, but there would have been something, some tell that would have given you away. No, my way was the only way to ensure no one knew.”
“Sherlock, what’s going on? Is that a bomb? Get out of there!” John shouted.
“Though now I be not so sure I want us to find Cedric ourselves; likely to murder him, I be.  And I have no desire to be executed for ridding the Earth of such worthlessness.  Christ, how could I be so blind?”
And John had prayed, asking God to keep Sherlock safe, stumbling over words that had not formed on his tongue since the horror of watching his wife and child die.
“In my estimation…no, in my
And another.
Oh, if looks could kill.
“Here. Here’s twenty.” It was Molly’s angry voice.
He turned and left the room without saying another word.
“God, I love you!”
“Open the door!” the knocker demanded, adding a few more pounds for emphasis.
Slimy bastard.
The room crammed from one wall to the other with cartons and crates, it seemed futile to even think about unpacking just yet; she could barely move her body, let alone the mountain of things. Moving house was never easy, not to mention the move was transatlantic. And when Mr. Holmes had called, she had already been behind in her packing. The only saving grace had been that Mr. Holmes (his people anyway; she couldn’t imagine his posh arse doing anything as common as calling a removal company) had swooped in at the last moment and organized the move.
Lestrade asked.
?  And besides, I will get cold; you know I require extra insulation.  Belstaff 365 days a year, remember.”
“John! Are you listening to me?”
Sherlock cringed; that had to hurt.
And kiss me again.”
(Oh, who am I kidding? I relish spending time alone with that delicious hunk of a man! It will take great willpower to not cross the line of professional propriety, I daresay.)
“This be it, then?  Thou gives up on us?  I expected better from thee, John.” Sherlock towered over John, his hand on the wall at John’s back.  His eyes inscrutable.
I do not have to sleep hours and hours and I do not have to cuddle and I do not have to kiss him…
“Speaking of having you… let me finish with the stockings and I’ll be ready to go to bed.”   The impish twinkle in his eye set my heart aflutter, and brought another region of me…alive.  (You know about what I am speaking!  I am
“I’ll uhmm, I’ll just go wait outside until you’re done.”
John’s eyes flew open, hoping he didn’t look as flushed as he felt.  “No, Mrs. Hudson, I’m fine, thank you.  Will you, uh, will you watch her for a few minutes.  I need to go up and talk to Sherlock.”  He looked at Scotti, who was by this time more than content to be in the arms of the grandmotherly woman.  God knows it had been some while since Scotti had been treated to a feminine touch.
In a sudden spurt of determination, he jabs pen to paper and signs the document.
“Where’re you off to, then?” His voice raspy from napping, John vaguely wondered if it were his place to ask, but he wasn’t awake enough to think it through fully.
“Now thou be mine, all mine,” Sherlock said, his tone full of wonder.
“It is nothing, John.  I am fine.”  Not waiting for an answer when I ask “Ready to go?”, I disengage from him though it is the last thing I want to do.  I want to wrap him in my arms, hold him tightly to me, and never let go.
“Who the
, Sherlock.”
“Sherlock.  What an unusual name,” Colin exclaimed.
“Mrs. Hudson should be over there.”
“Because you are here.  With me.  It makes me happy, Sherlock.”
Of all he has ever done for me, of all he has given me,
“I don’t know, not for certain,” Sherlock said, a small thrill running through him as John brushed aside the hair at his neckline. John hadn’t abandoned his exploration; he’d only retrieved his mobile to use its flashlight. “But I have little doubt that’s where you were injected, and it’s unlikely Simon would have switched from a method he seems to have perfected.”
I hear a whirring noise and something hard resting around the outside of my mouth.  An oxygen machine.  Very clever, John!  Much more efficient than mouth-to-mouth.
While he waited for Sherlock to access his subconscious memories, John looked around, the crests of the ancient buildings nearby proud and sturdy.  Those descriptors fit Sherlock as well.  As infuriating and downright flaky as he could sometimes be, John knew few people with the inner strength and certitude of his own abilities as did Sherlock Holmes.  Many people were overly confident, many were proud to the point of boorishness.  But whereas their arrogance would tip into self-righteousness, Sherlock was apt to tip into
“Com’on Sherlock, I told you what I want to do.   How bad can it be?  I promise not to laugh.  Scouts honour.”  He holds up his fingers in an oath.
“He happened upon her in the restaurant in which he was dining; he saw her taken away by ambulance.  But he said she’s fine, John.  It was minor, both she and the baby are well.”  The last words rushed out of Sherlock.  Perhaps John would not look beyond those facts to the next obvious question.
“I am yours, Honey.”
The body stowed under the tree and covered with branches, they carefully traversed the muddy, rock-strewn road back to camp.
Useless.
“You know I can’t discuss my patients with you. Just by confirming he’s a patient, I could lose my license.”
When Sherlock does not respond, I half-turn and sneak a glance. Sherlock’s gaze is fixed on a spot on the ceiling; the ease with which he communicated with me such a short time ago has not transferred to Dr. Watson. In fact, if possible, he appears more emotionally stilted than I have at any moment seen him. And Dr. Watson’s gaze hovers somewhere to the left of Sherlock, his jaw clenched so tightly, I fear it may break.
Be well, John.
“Never underestimate me, John.  Now it is my turn.”  A tremor in my hands, I fumble with his buckle.  Unbutton him. Unzip his jeans.  My hands pause, hesitating before taking the next step.  As close as we are in so many ways, this is still unnerving.  To unclothe John, to reveal the most intimate part of his body.
But the footsteps diminished, taking the person away, and Sherlock swore at the door, cursing it for its betrayal.
I dream I am kissing john. His mouth is warm and firm and our tongues play and play and I have no trouble at all breathing.  For a moment, for one brief moment I am sad.  I have missed out on this all of my life.  If only I had kissed John that night so long ago we might have been kissing like this all these years.  But no, I shall not regret that.  I have him here now and that is what matters.
, she suddenly had to hang up because the bride needed her.  Hmmph.  Not as much as I need John.
before?
He smiles at me.  “Mmmm, so glad to hear.  And what brought this on?”
Taking his hands in mine, I soften my voice, “John, you said Mary cannot be here for Katie.  But you
“I’ll wait here whilst you take it back up to the room.”  Smirky Boy is about to burst with sanctimonious glee.  Less than a minute after we leave the hotel we are back inside, with John settled in a chair near the lobby door.  Ten o’clock at night and it is still as hot as Hades out.  I refuse to tell him he was right; it is a matter of principle.
“There is nothing I would like more,” Sherlock said, having taken his time answering to allow his heartbeat to slow to a more normal rhythm.
I am blessed to have the best beta there is.  You are wonderful Burning_Up_A_Sun, thank you!
As I finish putting the costume on, tucking the shirt into the trousers I pause.  “By the way, how do you know what my passcode is?”
Waiting outside in the frosty air for our transportation, John finally lets loose. “Christ, that woman!  The set of balls on her!”  He tries to keep his voice low so passers-by will not hear him, but he is enraged.  “Accusing me of cheating on Mary, of…of lying about writing the books.”  He turns to look at the building, as if deliberating to go back inside and give her a piece of his mind, but I put my hand on his arm.
“…please”
“You won’t need them where we’re going.”
“—by that time you were with Mary, and I thought it wouldn’t matter anymore, not to you, anyway. And when Mary passed—”
I cannot contain the exultation I feel.  Inside I am awash with vibrant colors - red, orange, green - their radiance lighting me from within.  As I relish this new experience, I feel John stir lightly.
If he were not so obviously concerned, I would laugh; at least a dozen times a day Sherlock dazzles me, out-observing me, outsmarting me.  If that’s his idea of “ordinary” I’m much more dimwitted than he ever thought.  But I don’t laugh, he’s serious.
“Why didn’t I think of that?”
He knows me so well.  Standing by the bed, it is as if he heard my inner struggle, the fear that tells me I may not be sufficient for him.
With the light off, the moon’s glimmer through the open curtains outlined John’s prone form on the bed. The detective lowered himself into the nearby chair.  The same chair he sat in when he realized he loved John.  Was it only that morning?  So much happened since then.  So much more needed to happen before life returned to normal, if it ever would.  The last time he remembered everything feeling right was when John lived with him on Baker Street.  And that seemed an eternity ago.
The warning to keep Sherlock from coming over was lost on Lestrade.
Please?!
But something about the cover of darkness also lends itself to safety, providing the courage to reveal what is sitting deep inside.  Perhaps it’s because the eyes aren’t distracted by what they cannot see, reactions that can cause fear to form, words to be cut short.
, wake
“I’m not being critical,” Dr. Juma said, tucking Simon’s picture within the small stack of papers Andi had given her. “It’s not unreasonable to expect a certain number of casualties in any important research, especially one of this nature. But my concern, here, is the fact that this particular experimental subject seems to be, in effect, mutating. The AI learning that Dr. Strummer so inadvisably incorporated into Person #1 has put our research at an even greater risk of exposure than it was. And due to his arrogance in doing so, the entire program may need to be scrapped. At least for a few years, until any furor that rises because of this has died down. That is, if it becomes public knowledge, which I trust that it won’t.”
“Look, John. Someone with your name is going to be here today for a book signing.  And he is a doctor, too.  What are the chances…”
“Oh, do not think I am unaware he has found a special friend in you.  Just because I am blind does not mean I cannot see.”
“Let’s go John; I want to leave the city before the heavy traffic hits.”
~~**~~
“He said he had to learn to trust that Greg knew who it was he wanted, and why.  If he, Mycroft, trusted Greg in everything else, why should he not trust Greg in his choice of partner?  He also said it took him time to fully believe that Greg loved him completely, but that when he did it was incomparable to anything else he had ever experienced in life.
My Belstaff now draped over my arm, I hold out my hand.  “Room card?”  I glare at him.
Mycroft’s, expectant in hopes she would change her mind, not that he truly thought she would.  Her words had said ‘no’.  Her eyes, ‘fuck
The next time I wake up, I’m freezing again.  Wondering how I drifted so far from Sherlock, when I roll over to his side of the bed, I’m greeted by cold sheets.  Nope, no husband.  It often surprises me that as slim as he is he can provide so much warmth; there can’t be an ounce of body fat on him.
“Of course.  We have more reason than ever to go to London, and as quickly as possible.  We need to turn Cedric over to the sheriff, and, if I be not mistaken, London be where Gareth was going, too.  Someone will be waiting for his return.”
“You did not mean to hurt what, John?  Me?  I assure you, you did not.  Now, you are here to show me what your rattle-brained squire could not, or are you here to talk about insignificant matters?”
Rubbing his hand across his face, John said, “In truth, it will take no small miracle.  There will be a trial, of course.  Cedric will have to testify.  I will testify.  But the courts do not take kindly to sodomy; not much persuasion will be needed to convince them that the act has been committed. Tis more a matter of proving it did not happen than it did.”
I sit back down.  So.  Not as easy as I thought.
John looked for Tracy.  He hadn’t a clue what she looked like, but he knew if he saw either that enchanting arse or a masked face, then it was game on.  Simple.
“Because of me?  What did I do?”  My eyes shift about as I try to figure out what I have done to elicit such…such
“So what be this about Cedric being in love with me?”  John huffed, the combined efforts of talking and staying abreast of Sherlock’s long strides getting the better of him.  Exhausted he be.  It had been a long few days: his shoulder ached, his head hurt.  “What does it have to do with him running off like that?  What be I saying?  Cedric be not in love with me…how does thou know?”
run to the shops before he notices she has not replied.  And that is because he will not yet have finished the message he is sending.
Dr. Juma studied the picture of the blonde, Caucasian male who appeared to be in his mid-20s. “It’s not yet been released to the public, correct?”
“No, Sherlock. Not you. Never you.” Shite, he was making a mess of this. “Me, Sherlock, it was me. And I—I just can’t...” He met Sherlock’s eyes, mere feet away, yet it felt like miles. A jumble of emotions flooded John—self-loathing, sorrow, empathy for Sherlock—and he wished he hadn’t so carelessly tossed the letter into the fire. He needed the words he couldn’t say.
“She served us tea every morning, Sherlock.”  John sighed. Twas no use trying to compete with a long lost brother and a conversation of dead bodies; Sherlock be gone to him for the time being.  But John could not find it within himself to begrudge the interruption; he knew he would never be able to keep up with Sherlock’s brain.  But Colin?  Startlingly alike the brothers be but thank God Colin had common sense, helping to keep Sherlock out of the worst kinds of trouble.
“He’s the one with the…” Sherlock pointed at his head. “With the…hair.”
Sherlock whirled in Andi’s direction, the sharp retort about to launch from his tongue forgotten as he followed Andi’s gaze, her entreaty to do so too obvious to ignore.
With a pen poised in one hand and a notebook crooked in the other, Andi glanced at her notes. “We’ll have to wait a couple of hours. We’ll transfer Dr. Watson from here to a removal van that is scheduled to arrive at the Rudnikov’s at 7 a.m. to load their belongs. As we speak, he is being moved temporarily to a limited access area of the building; it’s an old bomb shelter. Of course, there are details still to be hammered out, but does this plan meet with your approval?” Andi looked up for a response.
Rhoedes brought a finger to his lips. “Our secret. Me and the great Sherlock Holmes.”
His mouth starting to gape, John pointed down at the bounteous arse before him.  “That was
“You’re right, I would have thought you’d gone bonkers.”
“A man who wants to
“Yes, you said that. But why?”
He quits talking and I hear deep noises coming from him in rhythm with my hands.  Not deep like pain, but like….pleasure.
“He’s in the cab. Down the block.”
A date with the devil.
She set the other cup on the floor, giving her a free hand to knock, but before she had the opportunity to set knuckle to door, the door swung open. She knew she was tired, but she didn’t think she was so tired she wouldn’t recognize the man she saw minutes ago. This was not Mycroft.
I love you.
Her foot tapped a nervous beat against the floor while she waited for Mycroft to answer.
“Thou can be annoyingly determined.  If thou must know, my mind.”
Sherlock held his head high, showing he be ready to meet his fate with dignity.
He couldn’t think about the other marks on that perfect body.  Injuries Sherlock had sustained that had nearly cost him his life.  Including the one inflicted by the woman he had once loved, the woman to whom he had been married.  The woman who had carried his child.  Mary.
Sherlock.
“Oh, yes, I’ve forgiven you,” I answer, even though he’s not asked a question.  “I’ve just never forgotten.  Every moment of every day for two years I felt like shite.  No, that doesn’t begin to describe the depth of sodding grief I felt every single fucking minute of every fucking day for two years.  I was dead, too, Sherlock.  Dead.  This,
“Thank you, love.  Thou knows tis the same for me, but do not try to distract me.  After me, what be most valuable to thee?”
“I do NOT stumble.”
get it right, John.  I
“John,” Sherlock says, pausing. Again. Sliding a dry tongue along his full lower lip.
After three months he had been released to transitional housing in London.  Physically well enough to no longer require inpatient care, it was felt he needed to be monitored due to his unstable emotional state; he clearly was a suicide risk.
I flop onto the bed beside John.  The party is over and we are back in our hotel room, just me and him, the way it should be. I am exhausted; a rarity for me, but interacting with people in a social environment is far harder than any case I have ever been involved with.  I can barely move, so I think.  Think about John.  Think about him asking me to marry him.
"As I was saying," Sherlock paused, assuring he had the Knight's attention. "There lives a woman deep in the bowels of town who mixes a special potion. The townspeople call her a witch because of its miraculous powers. She is old, forty years or more, her family killed by the plague-"
“Because you’re in love with him.”
them.
He hits Send and, immediately, the light from a mobile phone flares within the dimmed cab.
“If I were John, would you object?” I ask. “If I were John, would you object to
Bloody fucking hell.
I grimace, waiting to be chastised.  Instead, John laughs, his body shaking the mattress.  Flippity flip.
“Be grateful. It could be a deerstalker,” Sherlock said, donning a blue and green tartan flat cap, but John only looked at him blankly.
Before Sherlock could sort out what he was going to say, a text alert sounded.
“But what day is it? I couldn’t have slept for ten days.” Sherlock scrambled for his phone, December 25. John left a matter of hours ago. Not enough time to fly to Costa Rica, let alone make a return flight.
John raises a palm to me.
been necessary.
“Is this Mary’s?”
“You’ll never be finished then, will you?  If you haven’t noticed, you’ve pissed off pretty much everyone you’ve ever met.”
Bracing himself, Sherlock reopened the link. The clip was short, from the first night he and John knew each other.
Crisscrossing in tight formation, they created a web of walls around Sherlock. A metal box the size of a car battery sat on the floor beside Sherlock, its distinctive ticking causing John’s stomach to twist.
“You asked to view your memories so, in preparation, I clicked on the one I believe to have been recorded immediately after you were injected with the chip.” Sherlock lifted the laptop so John could easily see the screen. “But as you can see, this is not your bedsit, and this is not you. In a moment, you’ll see the cabbie in the rearview mirror.”
His head
Sherlock felt as if he’d been hit; he hadn’t expected any objection, let alone one quite so vehement. Pausing to regain his equilibrium, when he did, he stood, seeming to have a sudden interest in the muffin still in his hand. “Well, I’ll leave you to—”
I wait.
“Hmmm, I would have to say the developments are new.”
Torn, Sherlock made a snap decision. And meeting John’s eyes, he silently asked forgiveness for leaving his friend behind. Realizing, just as quickly, that he’d made the wrong choice.
moment.
“Geoff.” John took command. “See that he gets upstairs safely? No, better yet. Fix him up a bed down here; that way we can keep an eye on him.”
“I am experimenting.  I like it when you call me ‘love’; I often wonder what it sounds like with your name attached.  Do you like it?”
“Be you well, love? I have not hurt you, have I?”  John dragged himself away, concern filling his face as he looked up at Sherlock.
“Why?”  Sherlock narrowed his eyes suspiciously, not understanding what she was getting at.
“I looked in there.  All I saw were bath towels.”
Hearing gunfire, John ran to the room Sherlock had disappeared into and knelt beside the prone body on the floor.
“You take good care of him Uncle Sherlock!”
No-o-o.”
“Why is it bothering you so much, love?  I mean, we withhold information all the time when we want to surprise each other with something and it hasn’t bothered you before.”  I slide my hand to the concave where his hip meets his abdomen, rubbing my thumb there so the intimate contact will help him feel safe.
The medics had just brought in a 29 year-old Caucasian male, possible overdose, and transferred him to a bed in a corner.  They had already established a saline solution drip and masked him for oxygen.
Folding his arms around mine, John leaned back, resting his head against me.   “I am sorry, John,” I breathed against him, apologising for something over which I had had no control.
Unbeknownst to John, he heard just as much about Sherlock’s cases and observations – ‘the murder weapon we are looking for is a 6.35 centimeter serrated Smith and Wesson knife’; ‘the sack boy at Tesco was kidnapped at age 5 and never returned to his parents’- while he was asleep as when he was awake.  Not once did Sherlock ask for John’s input, so John was just as content to go about his own business, relegating Sherlock’s mutterings to background noise.
Just a few weeks ago John had not even known Sherlock had existed and, after just one day without him, John felt empty.  No, more than empty. Twas as if something gnawed at his insides, eating away at him.  He could not say he lamented never having been in love before if this be how it felt.
“What?! Cow’s bile?!”
“Me, as well.”
My John is gone.
“You?  Are…in love?  With
Sherlock had at first thought John was in pain.  Why else would he quake?  Why else would he moan against his lips when he kissed him?  When he pressed his mouth to John’s neck, gently nipping with his teeth?  Surely he was not hurting him.  Yes, Sherlock did wrap John in his arms, holding him as if he might not ever let him go, but not with his full strength.  He had no desire to hurt the man who had been so tender with him.  The man who made his chest feel as if it were about to burst.
“Do what? I told you—"
ties, by the way. Or cologne. So what’s up, Sherlock? You’ve been acting weird all day. What’s it have to do with the balloons? You having a party I don’t know about. A party for two?”
, this is good!” John mumbled through the bite of food he forked into his mouth, rolling it around in an apparent attempt to hit every last taste bud.  At least twice.  His eyes closed as he savored it.  Only when he finished swallowing did he open his eyes again and look at me.
“Sherlock, love—stop,” John begged; he did not want to finish before he could gratify Sherlock.  Or at least begin.
“I be sorry to hear that.”  Standing, Laila took John’s arm when he guided her hand to it.  “But I cannot help but think once a knight, always a knight. Tis not just a title, tis a bearing, a way of treating the people around you. You be a fine young man, Sir John the Courageous of Cambridge, and you will always be Sir John to me.”
“I have come to a conclusion, and it is a rather romantic notion…”
John was touched by the uncertainty he saw on Sherlock’s face; it humbled him that he could have such an effect on his normally (over)confident flatmate.  It made him aware as he never had been before that Sherlock was a flesh and blood human being just like the rest of them, in need of love and companionship.
Sir John sighed and led Sherlock several strides away from the small group until they were far enough away Sherlock felt he could speak freely.
“Yes, thou does.”
Now fully alert, John gave Sherlock all his attention. “But Mycroft said it wasn’t the MOD that was doing the programming, just the memory stuff.”
Conflicted, John fidgeted.  He didn’t want to leave, but he knew he couldn’t stay.  He knew that despite the joy he felt this evening in seeing Sherlock again, being with Sherlock again, a feeling he thought he was no longer capable of, it was something that could not happen again.  He had absolutely no doubt there was no future for them and he refused to torment himself by being near him again.  If he had to he would leave the city.
We lie like this for some time, lost in our own thoughts.  Just being.  Just being together.
“I’m the one. Ok. Right, fine.” John shook his head. “No. Nope, not getting it.”
A sad smile settled on William’s mouth, his thin lips almost disappearing.  “Your words to God’s ears, but I already be happy, my dear.  I have you, have I not?” He tried to bring light to his eyes, failing. “But if Gareth does find Sherlock and bring him home, tell my son I love him?  Tell him I love him very much and I always have.  And…and tell him I be sorry, so sorry…”
Lost in that other world, the younger version of me tells John I love him and can never live without him by my side.  That somehow I know he is as necessary as the air I breathe.
“Of course, I remember.  We’re pooling our thermal energies to keep our body temperatures above the 95 degrees required for survival, not snuggling.  Really, John, I thought you understood that.”
“Why don’t you just come down?”
Kissing him on the forehead, I get up and throw the bolt on the door.  As much as I enjoy seeing John in such a state I think it best not to allow anymore housekeepers to wander in.
“No, Dad.  I didn’t say ‘I love you’, and you said ‘too’.  Besides, you hadn’t even seen me yet.”  She looks confused.
Too, the box filled him with the anticipation of discovering who Simon was and why he had targeted John. And of discovering that, in all likelihood, John had been a pawn in Simon’s game.
Another series of sneezes assaulted Sherlock, and every muscle ached, working together with malicious glee to render him limp in his misery. He shuddered again, his teeth chattering uncontrollably.
I know I am still scared.  Scared that I will not be sufficient for him.  Scared that I will let him down.   But I think back to when I jumped off the roof of St. Bart’s all those years ago.  When I placed my life in the hands of strangers, trusting they would catch me.  If I could trust them to catch me when I fall, surely I can trust John Watson to do so much more.  Trust him to know I am exactly what he wants and needs.  Trust that I may someday believe this to be true.
could help him and Rose get out of there. The helicopter still hovered close overhead.
“If you don’t mind, I’ll take the car and then have a service bring it back around.  Tomorrow, maybe?  If that’s not too much of an inconvenience for you.”
When they reached the flat door, the key Sherlock had found in John’s flat easily gave them access to a room sparsely appointed with furniture John had not seen before.  More a functional space than a home, given the lack of domestic touches such as pictures or knickknacks, the flat was small enough for them to walk through in a couple of minutes.
Two years ago, during a period of time when our sex life lay almost dormant, John brought home a book he purchased online in hopes we could revive the “magic”.  He had missed the closeness our sexual relationship had brought us, and I had, too.
“I am fine John, just sitting here a bit.  I will join you soon.”  He says he’s fine, but if I’m not wrong, I heard him stifle a shiver.
“Yes, honey, you are very much doing it right.”
It was a snort.
Emboldened, with gentle fingers, Sherlock brushed through the soft hair at John’s temple. Traced down a strong jaw to the cleft in John’s chin. Fixed his gaze on lips that parted just as his had moments before, poised to fulfill…
?” is the word he says.  “
He felt a chill run through his body that matched the sudden coldness he felt in his heart.  He would not allow himself to be fooled.  Not again.
“Sherlock’s not my boyfriend.”
“On second thought, no need," Sherlock said. "I’ll fetch my violin; all I came for. Back in a flash.”
“You be Sherlock’s brother.”  John had no need to ask.
I look down again to where he is tightly hugging me.
~~**~~
after you called him an idiot and a crooked-nose knave.  Cedric’s family be well connected, and twas so princely a sum the sheriff required that I would have to return to Cambridge to secure such a large amount.”
We arrive at the station and park the car, rushing inside.  Only minutes from now John’s train will depart; it is about to board.  One hand with fingers threaded through mine and the other holding his ticket, he watches the small throng of early morning commuters head up the stairs toward the platform.
“Erm, let me think,” John said, his eyes trained on Sherlock. “It was a while back…”
John taps my card number in as I recite it to him, and when he finishes, he sits with his eyes fixed on the laptop.  Clearing his throat as if to gather strength, he gets up and walks outside, out to the storage room, returning with a small suitcase in hand.
Sherlock slipped into the back of the cab, his instructions to the driver terse.
“I, uh…London? Headed to London you be?”
His finger tucks under my chin, lifting it so I can see his face.  He is still smiling.  Here I am miserable without him and he is happy.
I swallow, the thought of being without him making it difficult to breathe.  “No, John.”
Instead of reaching out to shake my hand, the man crosses his arms in the manner of a stern father. What an odd response. Is he a friend? Flatmate? Whoever he is, he’s either a rude little snip of a man or is quite unsettled by the prospect of Sherlock having a beau…oh! Is that it? Can it be that he’s jealous? Intriguing.
His chest expands as he sucks in a breath.   His voice is higher than usual, probably due to not having yet exhaled.  “Uh, Sherlock?  You were saying?  Please, tell me what happened at Mycroft’s.”
“Have you seen my glasses, honey?”  John asks as he wanders around the suite, looking at the table by his side of the bed, in the bathroom (There is a telephone in the loo!  Who needs a telephone in the loo?!), even in the small refrigerator stocked with exorbitantly priced snacks and alcohol.
I am astonished.  Just as I have remembered every detail about John, thinking no piece of information unimportant, my husband has remembered every detail about me, even the seemingly inconsequential detail of a childhood pet’s name.
Why had Sherlock not told him?
John felt Sherlock’s scrutiny more than he saw it.  A look that seemed to take in every feature on John’s face, from his unwavering gaze to the set of his mouth.  The tightening of his jaw.
“Aren’t you going to be late for your dinner reservations?” Dr. Watson looms nearby, and the steel in his voice tells me that I have outstayed my welcome. Not that I believe there
I start to worry.  Is there a complication?  Is something wrong with the baby?   Where are you, John?!
reason I wanted to marry you; it is not all about your looks, you know.”
“There you be!” The woman squealed and, throwing her arms around John, in her enthusiasm nearly toppled him.  “I have missed you!”  She pressed her open, painted mouth to the side of his face, attaching herself as if she be a leech.
Enough.  Just…
Undaunted by Sherlock’s pretence at hurt feelings, John continued to glare at him, tapping a toe in emphasis.   “Well?  What be she doing here?”
John’s unzips me and reaches into my pants, my penis swelling to meet the contour of his hand as he fondles me.  His face angelic, it is as if he is not trying to drive me mad and nearly succeeding.
“Where are we going?”  Sherlock repeated, squeezing John’s hand, letting go only long enough to discreetly trail his fingers up the long hardness along a certain ex-soldier’s crotch .  “I do believe the cloak room is unoccupied…”
"What, John?  What is it you need?"
“Why?”  His face scrunches even more dramatically as he appears to try to solve the mysteries of the Universe.  Please, John, do not hurt yourself.
“No,” Sherlock said, thrusting the mazer back toward John. “I do not want their hands on me.” Seeing John did not move, he tried a different approach. As John had done with him, perhaps if he gave him a choice… “Will you do this for me?”
“I don’t know whether you willfully ignored your suspicions or if you allowed them to be obscured by other, shall I say, sentiments.  But since you were reluctant to do so, I felt it prudent to bring Mary’s past to light.”  Mycroft paused before adding, “Because of John’s importance to you.”
…and him.
true), grey-haired man who has never lost his chafing when he walks.  My heart sinks as fail to see the man I promised to marry.  (How my heart can do this, I do not understand; there are other vital organs that should hold it in place.  John, see what you have done to me?  You have rearranged my internal organs.)
, he clamped it shut and dropped his hand on the chair arm.
“John Hamish Watson, will you do me the honour of being my husband?”
“Let me know when thou be done.”
is the look of a man that says nothing in the world is more important than
Friends, not lovers.  It sounds so...so sterile.
“If it will please you,” he said, affecting an air of nonchalance.
Looking at the earnest hope on Sherlock’s face, John bit his lip, berating himself for one more time giving in to what Sherlock wanted.
Any thoughts of mocking my most beautiful and perfect husband vanished.  Getting up from my chair, I walked over to where he was finishing with the stockings and wrapped my arms tightly around him, burying my nose and mouth into the crook of his neck; I cannot bear for John to feel sad.
“What are we doing today, John?”   I sling one leg over the other, my big toe tapping at the air, my fingers tapping my arms.
“Did you love Uncle Sherlock ever since you met him?  I know things were different back then, but if you could have, would you have married him?”
I am.
And when John had said that he was going away for a while Sherlock had felt deflated, had felt an almost immediate sense of loss.  For something he had never had.  For something he had ever even thought about wanting.  A friend.
John's smile filled his face, his eyes resting lovingly on the man who was taking him into his arms to finish the song.  Laying his head on Sherlock’s shoulder, and Sherlock molding himself to John, they could feel their hearts synchronizing to the slow steady beat of the music.
“What? God no. I, uh…”
But Sherlock took a step back, his gaze drifting somewhere over John’s head, though there be nothing at which to look.
Sherlock studied the picture as he reached for the envelope on the floor. The picture appeared to be that of a doll’s head. Oval-shaped, it wore a pair of eyeglasses behind which protruded eyes that seemed to be in a perpetual state of panic. An upper row of teeth thrust from a lipless mouth, and a thatch of Brillo pad hair topped its crown.
Picking up the phone’s handset, she pressed a button.
“You are right, I do not.  But you, John, you are the exception.  To every rule I have ever known,” I tell him, kissing his crown and resting my cheek on it.
Andi groaned at the sound of grinding gears. “Aaargh, sorry. Haven’t driven a manual in ages.” Jiggling the shift, she found the gear she wanted and surged the vehicle ahead. “You need to turn your mobile off, Sherlock; MI-5 is tracking it. I turned my mobile off as soon as we left Whitehall. Of course, Simon’ll know exactly where you are, but there’s nothing to be done about it. And anyway, he certainly couldn’t expect you wouldn’t be on your way.”
This time, instead of dreaming of Serbia, I dream of John.  A John who still loves me.  One who whispers endearments into my ear.  I refuse to open my eyes to the harsh reality that I will once again have to lead a life alone, Johnless.  Here, in my dream at least, I see the smile I likely will never see again. The one telling me I am loved and so very, very special, and there is nothing better in the world…than me.
Rolling his sleeve up, John dipped his elbow into the water.  “It be just right; it will feel good.  Now come on, get in; thou be shivering.”
My breath was warm and heavy in his ear as I leaned down to him, “Let us go home, shall we?  I am feeling quite…aroused.”
I puff up with pride at my cunning.
For once my lightning quick mind cannot devise a lie.  Nightmare.  Yes, that is it. Thank you, John.
“He stopped breathing, his heart stopped beating, he no longer-.”
Sherlock slowly got out of the cab and headed toward the chapel, thinking it odd that there were no signs of other guests. Perhaps Stamford’s timing was off, and they were early.
This will not do.
Sherlock is jealous.  Katie finds out about Johnlock.  Sherlock discovers why John likes his back kissed.  Oh, and John gets mad at Sherlock (just a few times), so mad he threatens to tie himself to Sherlock forever.  It all ends well.
all that clamoring?” Mrs. Hudson tried to peer past him into the flat, but Sherlock bobbed this way and that in the doorframe, blocking her view. “Don’t you ruin my flat with one of your experiments, dear,” she said, waggling a finger. “Besides, you want to keep it tidy for when John comes home. When is he coming home? I get so worried; he must feel terribly alone, being in hospital all this time.”
“Colin?  Be you well?  Your mother?”  Geoffrey had asked, his hammer paused mid-air.
Though he was at the museum at Sherlock’s request to follow up on the stolen Hockney they had been investigating, he allowed himself time to admire the works in the room.  He had always loved sculpture…Rodin, Degas, Michelangelo.   He held a special love for marble.  Though stone, there was sensuality to it when sculpted by the right artist.  With great skill and care, the stone could be brought to life, could be given a softness that made it look like it could almost breathe.
Not that Sir Norman had more influence than John, but he had more than Cedric; Sir Norman’s word had held more weight than Cedric’s would have had.
But it is not to be.  The clock strikes midnight and nothing is different.  Sleep continues to escape me even though I use my favorite variation on counting sheep: using the image of John in my head to count the hairs on his.
“Even for you, Mycroft, that is a bit cruel. Now, what did you drag me out here for?” Sherlock glanced back through the doors to Recovery in the off chance he could catch a glimpse of John. He could not. And when Sherlock returned his attention to Mycroft, his brother’s face was devoid of expression, as if he were waiting for Sherlock to catch up.
Glancing down at his mobile, he was puzzled to see he'd received a text.
With the soiled sheets tossed into the hamper and the bed newly made, we lay back down, this time on our respective sides.   Not bothering to put on bed clothes, I curl around the back of him and drape my arm over to rest my hand on his stomach.
He didn’t.
“Am I surprised this book sold just as well, actually better, than the previous ones?  Excuse me if I put words in your mouth, but “despite” featuring gay characters?  Not at all. I wouldn’t be surprised if I lost some readers, after all there is still quite a large segment of the population who finds homosexuality uncomfortable.   But on the other hand, there is a large segment of the population whose sexuality is underrepresented in popular culture, whether in books, television, or films.”
Didn’t they?
“It has nothing to do with you, it… it’s just something I need to take care of.  Okay?”
And it had taken time to pick up the shattered pieces of himself and reassemble them into a recognisable order.  To once again be the John Watson he knew before everything started to go terribly wrong, when the best friend he ever had committed suicide in front of him that fateful day at St. Bart’s.
“At least wet your mouth.  You be dry.”  Millicent crossed the room and poured a cup of wine.  Taking it to her father, she lifted his head, drizzling a stream of liquid into his mouth. When William finished, she put the cup down and, turning back to him, waited for him to go on.
Enough lying around; I need to find Sherlock. God help me, I already miss him.  I want to wrap that lanky body in my arms and snog him until he can’t breathe.
“Thank you, Pére; you have always been so good to Dad.  You made him happier than I ever saw him.”
“What is wrong, John?” I loudly whisper across the room; he does not retrieve his weapon in the middle of the night for no reason at all.
“There is no need to shout, John.  My hearing is still well above average for a man my age.”
servant, and there would be certain…benefits to doing so.  For one, it meant they would have reason to stay together, but just as important, it would suit his immediate purposes.
Mycroft’s eyes narrowed as he looked down the length of his nose. “Whatever you’re thinking, stop it.”
“Did you-” John started to ask Sherlock, pointing at the door that had closed behind Colin.
“Yes.”
In response the grey-haired woman unlocked the desk drawer, picked up the revolver, and reassured herself it was loaded.  Cocking an eyebrow, she looked down at the firearm and, patting the barrel, said confidently, “No need to worry, we’ll be just fine. I have England behind me.”  The cool determination with which she met Anthea’s gaze removed any concern the younger woman had about leaving her alone.  Self-preservation in the face of danger must be in the gene pool, Anthea thought.
Bugger!
But the wedding picture, beside where he’d set the ring, distracted him from his quest for alcohol. In the picture were two men, so devastatingly in love. His own face, beaming up at Sherlock with such wonder. Christ, he’d been so fucking happy, barely believing that he, John Hamish Watson, had been bestowed the miracle of calling Sherlock “husband.”
Cedric was not yet there, and Aldus, well… John sighed.  He already missed the brash young man so full of life, hoping that the dispirited figure he saw staring into the hearth would not be with them for long.
Three hours, 8 minutes, and 56 seconds.
Unused to being ordered about by Colin, Sherlock hesitated.  Who did Colin think he be, telling him what to do?  But at that moment, Sherlock wanted to be anywhere but the room that seemed to get smaller and smaller.  Anywhere that John was not, but should be.   He caught up with Colin.
He cocks his head, his glare turning into an expression of suspicion.
?!”  I ask the man beside me.
“You are wrong, John.  There is nothing and no one I need to be other than me.  Whilst that might irritate some people, well, most people I come into contact with…”
He didn’t have to wonder for long.  The detective rolled onto his stomach, and wriggling his hips to get himself situated, found a spot that felt just right.  He was able to still face John, able to still rest his eyes on the face that gave him life.
He looks away, unable to meet my eyes.
But he wasn’t sure how much he should say out loud. Should he tell John his own life was in danger? Should he tell John that he was his best friend and that he needed him in ways he didn’t have words for? Should he tell John that his opinion was the only one that mattered?
Before I can answer (it is for the best since it is in doubt whether I could produce anything coherent), he sticks his thumb into my mouth and slicks it on my tongue.  His newly wetted thumb rubs the nipple he has been lavishing his attention on, his mouth now taking possession of the other.
Thighs and calves, vigorous and strong, covered by hose that left no muscle undefined, no curve uncherished.
“Get over here you pea-brained genius.  Jesus, you don't get it, do you. I'm in love with you, too.  I have been for years.”  John is exasperated.  I hope he does not start yelling.  I hope in his rush to heal he does not start yelling at me to leave…
; we will not waste one more precious moment.
, Sherlock; don’t look away.  What did you see?  What did you observe?  What color was the blood?  Did his chest rise and fall even once?  Did he blink or move his eyes even minutely?”
looks and strode off.
As Sherlock left the flat, he could hear Mrs. Higgins start to rant about the ‘little tart’ her husband had been seeing on the sly.  He tuned her out, uninterested in the details of the ‘why’s’ behind the man’s murder.  Though he could have told her it was the ‘little tart’ who had placed the anonymous call when her lover didn’t show up at the appointed time.
“It was only a minute ago, Sherlock, of course I do.”  John held his breath, waiting for the ceiling to cave in on him.
His blood flows beneath me.
He does not torture me long, for as soon as the words are out of his mouth, I feel lips on me again.  Where they belong.
“Who arranged the crash? Who do you work for? Who do you work
Curious.  Where did the other voice go?  He didn’t hear the front door a second time; he’d only heard it when the visitor arrived.
Sherlock’s stature be the same as the times Colin had seen him in the Leith – great in height (
John gets up and walks toward me, his eyes now lighting up with all the love I was afraid I would never see again.
were a heinous crime.”
John stepped back. He’d worked too hard, gone through too much anguish making the decision to leave. He couldn’t let his weakness for Sherlock tear down the wall he’d put up. Leaving was best. For Sherlock.
She resisted the urge to fill in the long pause that followed, instead, rummaging through the shop bag for the other container of wine. Twisting off the top, she sidestepped the social nicety of pouring the wine into her glass and drank from the container.
Stalling for time, I ask, “Are you sure you don’t want the honours?”  After all, it is only fair since I undressed him.
… he became offended.  ‘I’m not a freeloader Sherlock; I’m just a little short on cash since I’ve been helping Katie with her rent.’  ‘I did not say you are a freeloader, John.  I merely said that since you are inept at handling your personal finances…’  His pointed stare caused me to stop speaking.)
“No more secrets.”
, if it meant he still had John.
He looks straight at me, giving me a small smile that fails to reach his eyes.  I am not sure that means ‘yes’, but as he does not move away when I take the three steps to reach him, I touch my lips to his.  I leave them there, waiting for a response.  His lips remain motionless beneath mine (Kiss, me John.
?  Who is he?!”
Recovered from his glitch and powering forward, Sherlock shouted “Superb” and doubled his efforts. John was with him; what could be wrong?
It was not the first time he had done so but never had it felt so intimate. So complete.
“The Slider place?  No, I don’t think so.  I will honour your wishes and give you
“Idiot.”
Sherlock contemplated John’s words, not comprehending what John was trying to tell him.  Just because John had had setbacks was not reason enough to ban him from his life.  And as ignorant as Sherlock could sometimes be, he knew that the things John had lost were not due to recklessness, but because he had given a good part of his life up for a greater cause.   Those things had been lost on behalf of a spirit of nobility.  Misguided, perhaps, in the minds of some, but noble nonetheless.
“Well, I be thinking, uh.  I be thinking…”
When he lowered his hood he saw an almost imperceptible twinge in the man’s eyes, a faint startle of recognition.  John’s mouth parted as if to say something, then closed quickly as if he had changed his mind.
“Jesus, you’re as stubborn as a little kid.”
In his mind, Sherlock could see John’s bunched-up face as he tried to catch up, so he slowed his speech, backtracked the timeline. And clicking on the video, Sherlock hit Play.
With a heavy heart, John walked after Sherlock, his steps leaden; the sooner they returned to the inn, the sooner Sherlock would be on his way.  John did not know how he could face saying goodbye to the man who, in such a short time, had come to mean so much to him.  The man who, if John were to admit the truth to himself, had come to mean
John joggled Sherlock’s shoulder. “Sherlock, wake up.  Cannot have thee drown.”
), though a love as desperate as James’s could easily end violently. No, James would not have killed herself, at least not impulsively, and that was because of her true love, Herbert. That James doted on Herbert was indisputable, as evidenced by the several personalized cat beds and the toys littered throughout the flat and the collage of James & Herbert selfies in the kitchen; Herbert was very much at the center of James’s world.
“Something else he said, John.  He said tis mine not to give thee cause to leave.   Did I-?”  And now, Sherlock did look lost, though John be no farther away than right next to him, their thighs leaning heavily into each other.
Sherlock looked at the face twisted with concern, anxious to know that he was okay. A weary smile forming, he said, “Already been there. A pair of muggers and I had a bit of a disagreement, and I blacked out. Just for a moment, long enough for them to make off with my wallet and mobile. But they didn’t get this.” Sherlock struggled with his coat and, in a weak display of triumph, held up James’s journal.
“Listen Sherlock. I’m leaving. It’s not that you did anything wrong; you’ve been perfect. But me, I—I’ve done something. Something we can’t come back from.”
Snatching up the mobile, she clicked through to voicemail. Best to get it over with.
John plummeted into an eddy of ecstasy.
William waved her concern away.  “No, I will finish.  Never have I told anyone what happened that day and, though it will not make up for what I have done, it will do me good to release what I have held within me for so long.”
Whispering under my breath so low I’m not sure he hears me, “Fuck you, Sherlock.  Just, fuck.  You.”  They are the only words I can think of to say; I am overwhelmed.
“Go on. I’m listening,” Sherlock said. “I just want to check on Rose.” Swiping his thumb across his mobile’s screen, Sherlock resumed the video where he’d stopped, keeping the sound low. He watched as Andi realized Rose was at her side, concluding it was Simon who had sent Rose in.
It came to him.  Sherlock knew how to lure John into revealing the truth of his heart.  If he be wrong, if John did not love him, then he would blot the emotion from his memory.  But if John
A heart that needed… John.
We have come to bed early.  It is at my suggestion after complaining we did not get our usual morning cuddle time.
“Right.  So I took a less direct approach and here we are.  Your pupils are dilated, your face is flushed, and I daresay you greatly enjoyed it.”
, he is.  He knows not of the world and has no right to speak with you in such a confidential manner. You allow him to take liberties that do not befit his station.”
Laying here on the sofa for two long days, his words come back to me.  Telling me that nothing will be solved by brooding, that I need to just get up and get on with it.  Thirteen years ago it would not have undone my mistake.  Today, it will not bring John home; the house will be empty whether he is here or not and I do not want him to come home and find me this way.  I do not want to disappoint John.
“Be thou sickly, John? Thou does not look well.”
“I hope he didn’t pay first.”
“Stop acting as if thou does not care.  Thou tried once before to tell me thou did not love me.  I told thee that if thou said it again, I might believe thee. But I assure thee, I will not.”
how much tea you drink, John!  Or whether it is a brand that is laden with pesticides or contains artificial ingredients that cause cancer.”
“Sherlock?”
"Idiot," he says.
“What
, well, we’ll get by.  Just don’t speak.  I will say you have laryngitis.  Or something.”
you don’t know if, now that it’s been removed, John will remember any of his life since WHO. KNOWS. WHEN? Have I got that straight, Mycroft? Have I?”
John’s eyes snapped from the small object in Sherlock’s hand to the detective’s face.  Sherlock rummaged through his closet?  When?
Yesterday’s prison break had been the worst fiasco he had dealt with in his career.  It took all of his staff, including those he called in on their day off, to round up the dozens of escaped prisoners.  All had been re-captured.  All except John Watson and a mysterious prisoner by the name of Scott McGuire.  Unfortunately, along with the CCTVs going bust, recent videos and prisoner photos had been destroyed, so there was no visual record of McGuire.  Witnesses described McGuire as tall, ginger-haired, and green-eyed with cheekbones like Tom Hiddleston’s.  Whoever
Sherlock melted into the seat, his body sagging in relief. It really had been too much to think, for the second time in almost as few days, that he might lose John.
“Happy now?”
“Don’t read ’em.”
“I’m sorry, Sherlock, really.” Ella rose and, moving to the door, she rested her hand on the knob.
“Nothing.”
“You know?  You know what?”
“We will release Sherlock from gaol ourselves.”  He said it with a calmness that looked to frighten Colin.
?” Dr. Juma swiveled in her seat, scanning the room.
“John! I’ve got it!” Sherlock slapped the table, his fork clattering as it jumped.
“Would you like to join me?”  He nods toward the loo, the other side of his face lifting, his eyes shining with expectation.
She regretted nothing more than that twice the man had not had the decency to die; the first time when he had jumped off St. Barts, the second when she had shot him.  There would be nothing that would make her happier than to see the earth rid of him.  Forever.
The lorry headed toward them, its screeching brakes doing little to slow its cumbersome heft, its driver high above waving frantically for them to move. Sherlock yanked the Vespa’s handlebars to the left. Overcorrecting, he sent them and the scooter into a sideways skid, Andi flattening herself against his back as if he were an inflatable that would protect her from harm. Another quick twist and they were spinning. And in those brief, brief moments when everything swirled around them, with the lorry bearing down on them and a herd of other vehicles threatening to collide with them, Sherlock had the sense that this was it. This was how his life was going to end. Not by overdose, not by the myriad of other ways a life lived dangerously could be extinguished. No, he was going to die in an ordinary traffic accident.
“221B Baker St.”
“Hi, love. Yes, yes I’m fine. I just…”  He lets out another deep breath, this one less shaky than the last.
“Yes?”
He opened his mouth to greet them, to tell them he meant no harm, but nothing came out.  Twas not his finest moment, staring slack-jawed at Sherlock.
After a brief pause to review a few notes, the host looks back up at John.
John cradled Sherlock’s face in the palm of his hand, giving a short nod of encouragement for Sherlock to speak.  Why he needed to do this he didn’t know, he had never known the detective to censor anything that came out of that amazing mouth of his.
The cool air of the room is already giving me goose bumps.  Even though I still do not understand the purpose of John’s instructions, I once again do as he asks.  Certainly I will be warmer in there even if I do not have my shirt on.  I scoot under the covers to lie against John, hoping his body heat will compensate for my chill.
“I be sure.”
~~**~~
John glares at me.  I tip my head to him, ‘you are welcome’.
John had been married, surely he would know what love be and what it not be?  He said he needed to protect himself.  What an interesting chance that at the same moment John realised his love be only lust, that he worried for his knighthood; he had not worried when he declared himself in love.
“As a matter of fact, yes.”  He toes his shoes off and hurriedly pulls his pants and jeans, kicking them off to join the rest of the clothing lying there.  “Scoot over.”
“I don’t know.  Like take a trip someplace.  I’ve always wanted to go to Japan.  Or maybe America, drive along Route 66.”  He smiles, dreaming I’m sure of convertibles and Buddhist temples.
John would have such influence over him. “Difficult,” “stubborn,” “froward”. These were the ways in which he was most often described when anyone bothered speak of him. Twas not
“Important is important.  As I recall, the conference was all you could talk about for months. Shite, I was about to take you to Edinburgh myself and dump you at the exhibition hall a week early just to get some peace and quiet.”
John grows quiet again, his thumb still circling my skin as his hand tightens on mine.
Without listening to the rest of what Sherlock had to say, John rushed out of the stable, Sherlock on his heels.
Very, very…
“Yes, Sherlock.  What about him?”
“Give that to me!” He demanded, holding his hand out for the gun.  Scoffing, his experience with far too many street-tough girls told him she would not make good on her threat.  Though it was evident she had shot someone, she wouldn’t do it again; it took true insanity to shoot a police officer. With execution a certainty for such a crime, it would not be worth the trouble.
“I love you, John.”  I bite my lip, uncertain whether I have done the right thing.
“Hardy, har har,” I say drily. “Now that we have that sorted…”
Smoothing out the shirt in her lap, Laila folded it with far more precision than necessary, buying time to think of a response.  Yes, she had a cough that would not go away, but that be not why she be tired.  The truth be, she be tired of lying, tired of hiding her past; she had never seen any good in telling her son she had once been a wealthy woman who lived in a castle.  She had never told him he had a brother and worried she be wrong not to do so. Twas selfish of her, she knew, but she could not risk William finding out where she be, her very life could depend on it.
“Lower your voice, Sherlock; you scare her.”  Colin grasped Laila’s hand.  “You may not appreciate what she has done, but she went to great lengths to save your life.
“You know, tis not much time left.”  William curved his hand around hers.  His fingers stiff and uncooperative, they managed no more than a claw-like pose, grotesque against her youth-plumped hand.
“What about Moriarty’s killer?  You said you would wait until you found him.  And by the way, I don’t understand why you’re so concerned.  It’s not as if you, or any one you know, are in danger.  Moriarty is dead.  He’s no longer a threat; you’re safe now.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Aldus,” Cedric looked behind him, confirming he and Aldus were far enough ahead of Sir John that he could not hear their conversation.  Sherlock lagged behind Sir John, leading the supply horse and horse that carried Eduard. “Tis important we be cautious around the servant.”
Though it’d only been a few years ago, it seemed a lifetime, and it wasn’t a subject John dwelt on. There wasn’t any need, water under the bridge and all that. But with only one possible answer to Sherlock’s question, it took no thought.
“Yes,
I look at the face that is a shade paler than it was minutes ago.  I reach out to touch him, but unsure if that is what he wants, I instead ask, “What is going on John?  What is the matter?  Is Katie alright?”
“I love you, too, Sherlock.  And as brilliant as you are, I don’t think you have a clue how much.”  He holds me tighter.
My arm flops over the side of the sofa, mobile still clutched in my hand.  John still clutched in my hand.  I close my eyes and think about him, imagining he is by my side, holding me, his breath warm on my neck.
Sherlock.
But there he was, driving near Parliament, looking for a man called Simon. Even at the snail-like pace the vehicle moved, the sea of faces was a blur, and he couldn’t match any to the photo he’d been sent.
“John, not here.”  I whisper back, reprimanding him, but I smile, delighted.  There are worse quandaries than driving your husband crazy with desire.
“He will be back.”  So casually Colin did say it, he could have been remarking on the weather.
“I’m sure you’re fully aware we don’t know what we’re going into. Sherlock could be being held hostage. He could be trying to apprehend Simon himself.” Andi braced herself before getting on with the worst of it. “He could be, at this very moment, be controlled by Simon and working on his behalf.”
As John had pretended to consider the request, Sherlock had started drawing the blanket back up, its ascent blocked by the hand that had come from seemingly out of nowhere, pulling it back down.  A warm, soft mouth caressed his smooth flesh where it again lay bare, and he moaned.
Goodbye, John.
A chill runs through me.  What is going on?  Why is John going to London?
John sucked in a stuttering breath. “You’re all right.”
“Sir John, please,” he managed to say.  “I need—” And as his legs gave way, John caught him by the waist, tightening his hold to keep Sherlock upright.
John looked up, searching Sherlock’s face, fearing he had misheard him.
“I do not know, but…” I start to say.
“Trouble me?  No.  Whoever Sherlock is, or whatever he does, it does not affect me; I have a duty, as do you, and that be to serve Sir John.  Sherlock’s presence does not change that, and anyway, he will be gone soon.  When we get to London, we will part ways.
apologise.  You have nothing to apologise for.”
“Shut up.”
“What do you think that means, Sherlock?  Surely not all murderers do manual labour.  Be it not in their very nature to avoid exertion?”  John tried to understand what Sherlock be telling him, but twas beyond him.
Sherlock flipped through the diary, on its cover the picture of a cat. The first entries, nearly a year earlier, were brief, primarily charting her weight and exercise regimen; they took up barely half of the pages. But three weeks ago, the entries became florid accounts of the instantaneous attraction she had had to a man she met at a coffee shop. The attraction had been mutual. Page after page, James gushed, her script becoming increasingly erratic toward the end of each entry as if she had been in a frenzy of emotion.
Sherlock be dead!
“What about cutting through the ceiling? Or maybe there’s a crawlspace beneath the floor?”
“Shut the door, John,” Sherlock called from his bedroom. “You’ll let them out.”
“I may not be right about everything, but I
Slipping his hand into John’s and weaving their fingers together, Sherlock lay for some time, stroking John’s pulse point with his thumb. And as he did, the same odd sense of possessiveness Sherlock had felt earlier coursed through him, building in strength until it became rage.  Rage that someone had dared hurt John.  Rage that it been he himself who had hurt John.  No, he had not been the one who had wielded the knife, but twas little difference.  Twas he who the attacker targeted and he had not stopped them.
And when there were no steps left between them, John tipped his head back, unwillingly to break their gaze. Their bodies yet to touch, John felt the heat of him.  Felt the raw heat of a long, lean body, muscles tensed.  Of a heart about to beat out of its chest.  John’s heart feeling as if it would do the same.
Releasing his cock from its prison, John slicked his palm with spit and took ahold of himself.   Stifling a groan, he held himself with a firm hand; it almost hurt, so enlarged be he that he could not have been any tighter.
“Thank you, honey.”  I wipe my eyes and blow my nose, which is only slightly less embarrassing than dripping.
assassin?  Possibly killed Moriarty?!  Maybe she’s
“An excellent idea!  Go get the shower started and I will be with you in a moment.  I just want to finish this one small section.”
“I thought it suspicious that Cedric alone be the one to find Eduard dead, his weapon missing.   Did thou know Cedric had a cut on him that night, John?”
I snap up into a sitting position.  “Present?  Why did you not say so?  What is it, John?  A microscope?  New gloves?  I do cherish my gloves, but they are getting worn and I could use a new pair.”  As he leaves the bed, my insides war, debating which is more important; do I see what he bought me or do I pull him back beside me?  I decide to have both; he will certainly bring the present to me.
something you don't see every day!
“Colin, I do not know; he left for the square before me.  Tis odd, that he be not there.”
“Has he returned?” he asked.  Every day for two years William had asked the same question, and every day for two years he received the same answer.
(I appreciate John’s restraint in overriding the top of the list.  He said that though it is not my job to make him happy, when he saw ‘Make John Happy’ on the list every five to ten lines, he knew what appears to make
With reluctance John relived the evening in his head.  To have physically hurt the man he undeniably cared about was taking a greater toll on him than he could have imagined.  He kept remembering the moment he had hit Sherlock, the pain he himself had felt possibly greater than that the detective had felt, for at least Sherlock had had the ‘good fortune’ of falling unconscious, whereas he, John, had had to experience every moment.  The guilt he felt gnawed at him, fearful that perhaps he had struck a blow harder than he had intended, one that could have veered into the lethal; perhaps he had done more than knocked him out and truly done him harm.  Were that to be the case he didn’t know how he would ever be able to salve his conscience.
“Not here, John.”
To anyone else there would be nothing distinctive about it. A plain, off-white, business-size envelope, the crease on the corner flattened by the heft of the book it lay under for nearly a year.  Never sealed, there had been no need to tear it open, leaving it in almost perfect condition.
John slumped in defeat.
Okay, Sherlock.  It’s been at least twenty minutes and you still haven’t answered.  You’ve had plenty of time to stop or to have arrived at wherever you’re going.  Talk to me.
I knew I would miss his companionship; it seemed as if he had been a part of me my whole life.  But he assured me it would be fun to try something new (as if
Taking a deep breath, she charged on. “Your faith in my discretion is not misplaced; thank you for allowing me the opportunity to repay you for all you did for me and my husband.”
“I be about to say that.”
Unfolding the brochure to its full size, the paper is blank.  Blank except for one bold-font statement –
?!” Katie gasps and her hand flies to her mouth.  “I’m scarred for life!” She says, and then giggles. “I’m calling the Daily Mail
Sherlock and John stood on the roof of St Bart’s.
Lestrade nodded at the building and led John inside to a cavernous room.
“You told me your name is Sherlock,” John said.
“You are clearly scouting for a new partner, John.  I cannot abide being near you whilst you do so; you will just have to do it on your own.  I can make my own way back to the train station and go home.  You obviously do not need me here.  Goodbye.”
At first she thought they had just fallen asleep, they looked so peaceful.  Pére, his arm lying over Dad, his head resting on his shoulder.  Dad’s head turned toward his husband, lips almost touching him.  But as she got closer, she realised they were
“Ha,” he laughs, but there is no humour in it. “It’s unlike you to spare me; I’ve heard you moan and cry louder over a cut finger than people who’ve had entire limbs cut off.”
is where I deserve to go!  Send me there, I demand of you!”  I bellow at The Judge as I am led away, knowing that even though my panicked plea is heartfelt, my arrogance in making demands of
“John,” the voice persisted, rumbling into his ear and driving him to distraction as it rarely failed to do.
“There you go, that’s it,” he praises.
A full day did not go by before Sherlock received another email.  This time, he was not surprised by it, but anxiously awaited it.  He didn’t know how much he had looked forward to it until it came.  Until he felt his relief that it had arrived.
you want me to share the reasons why.”  Mycroft glanced pointedly to John.  “I presume it is a matter you wish to be kept private.”
“Tis important to thee,” John said.  “I cannot say it pleases me, far from it, but I understand what it is thou needs to do.  I love thee, and would never get in between thee and thy happiness.”
“I make it a point to know as much as I can about…” It is on the tip of my tongue to say “my clients,” but I catch myself. “…any new beau.”
“So, thou does not intend to leave?”  He wanted to add “me.”
John traversed the streets of Leith in a haze, not knowing or caring where his feet took him.  Not knowing he walked the same streets and paths time and again.  It did not matter.  Nothing mattered.
The disappointment crossing her face told Sherlock she did not know her husband’s whereabouts.  His gaze drifting dispassionately to the newborn she held in her arms; he felt no compunction in failing to reveal to John he became a father the evening before.  Had he told John his daughter arrived he might have been unable to keep him from the hospital and get him safely back to the cottage.  He regretted his efforts were for naught.
Sherlock couldn’t say his legs weren’t just a bit rubbery as he once again took charge of the wheelchair, powering the the short distance to Whitehall.
“No!”  I grab his hand, push it away, and fasten my trousers.
Putting my hand on Sherlock’s back, “Honey, why don’t you go get the car and I’ll finish, uh, dressing John John.”
“Oh, yeh.  Uh, right.”  Tilting his face toward me in a bid for a kiss, John pressed his lips to mine and so heady was our kiss all thoughts of the miscreant flew from my head.  Had I not had the desire to put my lips elsewhere, I could have happily stayed there all night under the sparkling sky, kissing my husband.  Sigh.
Having seen Mycroft off, Mum approached Sherlock. “Leave him be, dear. John needs some time to sort it on his own.  From what Mycroft told me he’s had some difficult things to deal with today.”
I put my hands back on him and close my eyes, rubbing, kneeding, needing (yes, you heard that one right); the rhythm of the motion, the softness of his skin, the firmness of his body lulling me into a trance.  Without prior knowledge of what I am about to do, I lean down and press my lips to the dip in his lower back, the mentholated balm hot against my mouth.  ‘Or is it John who is burning my skin’, I hazily wonder.
In his haste to get closer to Sherlock, John did not see the low-hanging tree limb before it jabbed him in his injured shoulder.  Pricks of light danced in front of his eyes, the edges of his vision growing dark.   Swearing, he propped himself on his bent knees and, taking a deep breath, pulled himself back up straight to seek Sherlock.
“Yes, he is, is he not,” I agree, barely able to get the words out.  Where did my air go?
Mycroft deflected the questions.  "What might be your theories of how the events could be connected, Gregory? I’m interested to hear."  Even with a history rich in subverting the law, Mycroft felt uneasy discussing the prison break; his involvement, if discovered, would be severely frowned upon.  It was one thing to break the law on behalf of the government; it was entirely another to do it for the benefit of his brother.
“Uncle Sherlock?  You’re
“I felt lost, John.”  I pause as I recall the sense of grief I felt at not connecting with my cherished home as I stood on the pavement.  “Here I was in a city in which I lived and breathed all my life, and I could not feel it.  I could not feel the pulse that I always thought kept my heart beating.”
“What experiment, Sherlock?  You mean this one?”  John collected a generous amount of saliva, slicking it on the palm he brought to his mouth.  Putting Sherlock’s hand back where it had been, leading it up and down his shaft until guidance was no longer needed.
The girl stared back at him, unafraid.  Her hostility grew; the resentment she felt at being pushed around by one more man stoked the fire raging in her.  She couldn’t know this one wasn’t like the rest, that he wouldn’t try to take something from her she hadn’t offered.  Yes, she had just killed someone, but the john had deserved it.  Sodomy was not on the menu… prostitute or not, she had the right to say how her body was used.
John.  If you only knew.
All is normal in our little Welsh cottage.
Hearing the sorrow in Laila’s voice, John felt a pang of compassion.
“Oh.  Hi, Sherlock.  I love you, too.”
My legs like rubber, I manage to stand up and help him make the bed.  (by ‘help’ I mean ‘stay out of the way’;  I cannot change everything about myself all at once!)
“Yes, love?”
But, the bigger problem--John questioned whether Sherlock wanted him
I open an eye and peer at him, the look on his face apprehensive.  His book lies flat on the table, forgotten.
As I kiss him, there is no need to wait for a response; this time he needs me as much as I do him.  Holding his body tight to mine, it is as if I cannot get close enough; I need to be closer, closer.  I hold his face in my hands and coax his tongue into my mouth.  Our lips move against each other’s in a dance of love and longing, of promises for what is to come. (When did
Using the same passcode to open the banking app on the laptop, Sherlock slammed the computer shut; the bank account, in the name Thomas P. Bayers, held a paltry £132 and change.
, going to be apart again.”
“Yeh, I’ve got it,” he said, pulling the thumb drive out of his jacket pocket.  He rolled it around in his fingers, the lettering that had once been bold now almost worn completely off from the many times he had fiddled with it, had contemplated whether or not he should plug it into his laptop to discover the secrets his wife felt might drive John away from her forever.
(See the end of the chapter for
He wasn’t ready for John to leave.  He didn’t think he ever would be.
“Went to the post office, then, love?  More cases from Greg?”
“I’m certain in the usual way, John.  She was born last night.  I didn’t tell you because I knew you would want to go to hospital and I didn’t think it safe for you to…”
His amorous mood shattered when Colin had interrupted them, John pushed Sherlock's hand away when he reached out to him.
“Don’t be, love.  You have nothing to be sorry for; it was an honest question.  And as awful as this sounds, had she lived, I wouldn’t have you.  And that,
“Tis too many to count, but tis not as if they would not know who I am.”
John’s eyes sprang open, questioning Sherlock.
“Did you not put the Do Not Disturb sign on the door?”
His foot slipping on something, Sherlock saw it be parchment that appeared to have been cast under the door.  Unfolding it, he read:
“Why did you ask if I enjoyed your kisses on my back?”
John started to chuckle, but managed no more than a “ha” before he sucked in a quick breath.  Righting himself, he said, “Christ, no one I hope; I have no desire to hold Cedric’s hand.  You be all right, love?”
His mouth at first bobbing for sound, Mayhew found his tongue, and his words tumbled out. “I didn’t pl-plan anything. I’m not a violent person, you have to believe that. I came to London t-to go to school, but the cost of living here and, and I saw your friend and thought I could make some money. I-I’m sorry about…I don’t even know what happened to him I hope he’ll be okay—”
As John took the pulse of the man lying there, he studied him.  Noted the dark hair and lashes against the too pale skin, the cheekbones that looked more likely to have been chiseled by a sculptor than by God.  Noted the fine bedclothes that had gone too long without proper care.  Noted that his skin, once healthy, now sagged on underused and underfed muscles.
When I open my eyes I am at first disoriented; we are not in our bed at the cottage.  At least, I pray not.  Posters of effeminate young males hang on the walls and my eyes rebel at the startling amount of purple and pink in the room.  Aaah, I remember.  We stay in Greg’s granddaughter’s room.   Gemma visits but a few times a year from where her family live in Scotland, but Mycroft’s and Greg’s home has enough space with which to provide her her own room.
It took little to convince him to leave the cleaning until another day, his fatigue so consuming I had to help him remove his latex gloves.  Stopping for a quick meal and to pick up his things from Katie’s, we took a quiet cab ride to the hotel room, our hands molded together in such a way as to suggest they were born of the same body.
“What?”
you would be proud.”  It’s all I can do to keep myself from jabbing my finger in the air at him; I’m getting angry myself.  “The only reason I didn’t tell you I submitted it was because I didn’t want to look ridiculous if no one wanted to publish it.  You’ve never hidden the fact that you consider my writing abilities are, to put it politely, subpar, and I wasn’t going to subject myself to the ridicule if it didn’t work.  And by the time it was accepted, all I could think about was how pleased you would be when saw it.  I did it to make you
“And what do we have here?”  John asked, delighted with the fact that while Sherlock was not in danger, he was clearly uncomfortable.  It wasn’t often someone got the best of Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock held John closely to him for the briefest of moments, his heartbeat reverberating against the warm, solid body.  He then pushed John away, demanding in a loud voice, “Get off me, you cretin! I don’t move that fast!”
Not fabric which separates us.
“But, but, but.  Why has thou so many doubts, John?  Thou does not remember last night, does thou?”
“What?” John snapped at Sherlock, his hand on the open door.
As he listened to Rhoedes’ whistle fade into the night, Sherlock looked down at the dark, silent mobile in his hand. He had turned it off, the pain too great when he got no response after absentmindedly texting John. Should he bring his mobile back to life?  What if it told him something that would forever devastate him?
