Tony wrapped his arms around the boy and held him close, pressing a kiss to his forehead as he leaned back and melted into the back of the couch.
Steve and Tony looked to their son, growing older every day, and felt a lump rising in their throats. Peter was growing, that was a good thing. Every parent wanted their child to grow up and be happy and have a good life. But they still saw their baby.
Steve moved around slightly, leaning his head down onto Tony's shoulder once again and closing his eyes.
Steve led Peter to sit down on the couch, his hand reaching up to cup his cheek gently and lovingly. Whenever Peter got hurt or sick, it physically pained Steve to sit there and witness it without being able to do anything. He winced as Peter groaned in pain, rubbing his cheek.
Steve stood by his side, glasses around his eyes and a scar drawn onto his forehead. Peter had picked his Harry Potter costume as well. Everyone was in costume. All the costumes Peter had suggested for them.
Tony turned to get a closer look at the woman, grinning at the fact that it was his own son who made her wear a costume after years and years of simply putting cat ears on while wearing her usual office attire. This year Pepper Potts was a witch. The hat, the dress, the nails - the full Witch.
"It doesn't matter! They're happy you ate them. As long as Peter liked them, they're happy. I mean, they probably tasted awful though,"
Tony had time to toss his empty coffee cup on the seat beside him before he held his arms out and caught his wild son. Peter was absolutely buzzing. They had managed to sit him down for a sandwich and juice about an hour ago, but it did nothing to ease his candy high. They couldn't deny how adorable he looked though. Wearing his Mickey Ears (they hadn't been taken off all day) on top of his curly mess of hair, lips stained red from the endless candy he managed to take from his goodie bags, Peter looked like a kid living out his dream.
"Yeah, we got an early mark, I was gonna let you know but I thought I'd walk and get some fresh air," Peter explained.
The boy loved making cupcakes, but they were sure it was because he liked to make the frosting different colours each time. Steve helped out with baking time in the afternoon, while Tony was big on taste-testing once everything was done. Steve secretly loved that it was just him and Peter baking on their own in the afternoon. It reminded him of when he was a little boy, staying home from school or just unable to go out and play, keeping his mother company in the kitchen while she baked.
Peter rolled his eyes as his father ran over the checklist one more time. They had been planning for this school trip for over a week and now, on the morning that he was leaving, Steve decided he needed to triple check every single thing his son needed.
He shouldn't be surprised. This was totally normal. Peter was at the age for teething. Babies grew teeth. Babies were in pain growing teeth. How did he not think of this?"
Steve almost felt like crying. He knew what it felt like the be a child with asthma and see other kids run around without any problems and sleep through the night and not have to use an inhaler or sit with steaming water to open up the lungs.
"Open mine!" Peter cheered, diving into the pile of gifts to search for the badly-wrapped red ones. "This one's yours dad, and this one for you pop,"
Once it was just Peter and Steve left sitting on the bed, they practiced evening out their breathing again.
Steve raised his eyebrows, taking a moment before nodding. He wished Tony lucky getting into his costume - hair and makeup - in twenty minutes, and then they were off.
Peter smiled in satisfaction. He knew his dad would like that one. And he knew his pops would like his, too.
"How about we get Aunt Nat to come over later and help you into it, huh? You can wear it all afternoon, and we'll try some candy. Lollipops might even help your throat,"
It took twenty minutes to get Peter to school on time, huddled around all the other children ready to have their names marked off and their bags stored under the bus ready for their journey. Steve and Tony hugged their son tight, secretly more emotional about this than they thought they would be. Four whole days without their son.
Peter nodded, still quite sad. His teeth were covered in dirt now and all Tony wanted to do was take him to the bathroom and brush his teeth, but Peter didn't look to even mind. Dirt must taste a lot different to three year olds.
"Space Mountain? The kid won't be going on that!" Clint shook his head. "Do you see how little he is? They don't let little kids go on that,"
Tony had Happy and a few of his trusted security team following behind them, blending into the crowd. Natasha was working her magic on any cameras that got too close, especially to Peter.
"Steve?" Tony called out, wiping his hands on an old rag as he wandered through the room, listening closely for any sign of his boys. "Pete?"
There was no arguing against that look from both his husband and his son. But Steve was adamant that Peter wasn't going to get crazy with candy tonight. He was two years old. There was a sugar limit, and Steve would do his best to enforce it.
They were hard questions to ignore and Peter's brain had a habit of feeding the voice, making it louder and louder until he felt like he was going to throw up.
"Will I cheer everyone up?" Peter asked. "Cause that's the clown's job, you know? No one can be sad with clowns around,"
"Calm down, Pete," Steve soothed, running his hand over Peter's cheek. "I need you to look at me, okay? Nowhere else but me, you got it?"
Peter had a little grin on his lips. He never liked to get too hopeful about big things like this. He knew how worked up his parents could get, even when they were trying to be calm and happy for him, he could tell. They loved him so much and didn't want him to get hurt or lost out there in the big, big world.
But Peter always had a 'what if' in the back of his mind. What if this was the time they didn't make it? What if they didn't come home this time? What if they're hurt worse than they thought? What if Peter never saw them again?
But of course, hours later when the party was thriving, Peter was whining every time Steve tried to pry the lollipop from his hands.
Tony waved his son off, making sure both he and Steve stayed close enough all night to keep an eye on him. Although everyone at the party was S.I staff and family, Tony would never stop being extra cautious about his son.
Sure, Tony could have had Disneyland shut down for the day to the public. He could have given his little family a whole day at Disneyland to themselves. The expense wasn't what stopped him from doing so. It was Peter.
Steve reached a hand out and ran his thumb over Peter's cheeks, wiping away the tears. This was their least favourite part of the job. The effect it had on Peter. The fear it put into him, the worry that he would be left without his parents, the idea that he could watch them die on live television.
Iron Man being knocked from the sky, his armour bent and shattered around his body. Captain America bleeding and swollen on the dirty ground. Being hit over and over again. Seeing it happen to anyone was painful, but watching it happen to his parents made him want to be sick.
it," Tony assured, making his way over to kneel down in front of his son. "Did you make those repulsors?"
"You only look funny when we soap up your hair like a shark!" Tony reminded, getting the smallest smile from his son before it returned to the sad frown.
Tony and Steve looked to one another once again, exchanging expressions of one of their silent conversations.
Steve couldn't wipe the smile off his face. They had made a big deal of making sure Peter knew that Christmas was about more than presents. That it wasn't about presents at all. They were just an added bonus. It was just about being together, enjoying the whole day with homemade food and endless cuddles. It would make Tony sick if he didn't enjoy it so much.
Peter giggled again, falling back in Tony's arms. Tony caught him, as always, anticipating his squirmy son's movements.
Peter's eyes opened, staring up at his father with another sleepy groan. No matter how old the boy was, whenever he woke up like this, he always looked like the little baby Steve and Tony used to stare at for hours.
Peter didn't even argue. He just let himself be taken into his father's arms and laid his head against Steve's chest, closing his eyes.
"A lot of people have eyes that don't work as well as they should, kiddo," Tony explained. "Doesn't mean they're silly. You can still do everything you normally do, but you'll be able to
Peter continued to ponder. Tony lowered them down onto the couch next to Steve, watching as Peter stared over at the windows.
The way he said it made it seem like a question, and Tony could tell that Peter's insecurities were rising.
They carried on like that for most of the shopping trip. Peter got to make his choices, Tony and Steve got their necessities, and domestic bliss was felt by all. The juice section took the longest to get out of, surprisingly.
The boy was quiet for a moment, looking between his parents before fiddling with his fingers. Something he tended to do when he was nervous.
As much as Tony complained, he really did enjoy grocery day, too. It was the most domestic he had ever felt in his life. Looking at Peter giggle in the shopping cart, watching Steve read the back of food packets and pull faces at the long chemical names, watching as other shoppers did a double-take glance at the little family.
But Peter wasn't dressed as a terrifying, murderous clown. He was just a happy, brightly-colored clown with a red nose and hilariously oversized shoes. His face was painted white with big red lips and he wore adorably long suspenders that pulled his baggy pants up so high that Tony could almost get over his dislike of clowns just to lift him up and cuddle him crazy.
Peter watched his father, taking in a deep breath once Steve did, but coughing immediately and struggling for air.
They continued on with their shopping, almost finished for the day. Shopping was exhausting for a kid, and they would always be reminded of that when they reached the check-out. Peter always got a little droopy in his seat, swaying slowly from one side to another. The beeping of the register almost sent him off to sleep, too.
"I have everything I need," Peter assured, adjusting his glasses. "Can we go now? I'm gonna be the last one on the bus,"
"He still has the seeds around. How about we just plant some more, he won't even know. But you have to promise not to eat these ones, okay? Not until they're long and orange and preferably washed,"
Tony rubbed his sons back as he uncovered his face, looking over to his papa. His face was red and blotchy from tears and he was sniffling as he rubbed his watery eyes, shaking his head.
"I...I really wanna see Mickey," Peter admit, sitting up slightly to look between his parents, readying himself.
The corner and corridors were making him dizzy, and the fact that Peter could crawl under furniture to hide was just cheating. Tony continued to hurry after his son, grabbing him by the back of his shirt and slowing him down. Peter giggled wildly, scrambling to get away. Tony knelt down on the hard floor, sliding the boy back toward him and propping him up to sit.
everyone would want glasses now," Tony smiled, lifting his son up for a cuddle. "You're too cute for words, kid. Do you know that?"
"Won't it be nice to see all nice and clear?" Tony added, right by his husband's side. "We can do colouring in without those headaches, and we can watch movies without squinting,"
"Does is worry you how worked up Peter gets?" Steve asked. "You know, with people's feelings and not wanting to upset them with, for example, changing juice?"
"Disneyland is a big place, kiddo," Tony continued, reaching out to take his son's hand. "And it might be a little scary too, with all the people around,"
"So much for one piece," Steve shook his head, unable to hold back a grin. "That's too much sugar for a kid,"
"Oh, Petey," Tony sighed, pulling Peter closer and pressing multiple kisses over his face. "Baby, don't cry,"
that. Peter was a child during a time of Gods and aliens and heroes and wars that weren't meant to be fought.
"Who?" Tony asked, the anger in his voice not matching his gentle movement to press ice against Peter's jaw.
"Hey there kiddo," Tony sighed, taking a deep breath. "You uh, you really stuck to the clown costume idea, didn't you?"
Tony used to make fun of parents like this. He used to think kids in these cheesy costumes were so sad and not at all cute. But it took Peter to change that for him. It took Peter to change a lot of things for Tony. All in the best ways possible.
Peter nodded, still coughing and wheezing. Tony had emergency help on the way already, and his duty right now was to sit behind his son and hold him upright to open his lungs.
"What, Santa can't have a rest?" Tony argued. "Don't get yourself put on the naughty list for next year, Pete,"
When they made it out into the living room, Peter's smile dropped. The room was dark. Very dark. Little pumpkin lanterns barely illuminated the room enough for him to see the silhouettes of his parents. Just as he began to let out a nervous whine, the lights flickered on low, revealing the whole group sitting in the living room, dressed in their costumes.
Steve didn't think anyone would be able to deny that Peter was Tony's son. The little boy had taken on all of his father's attitude, snark and sass. But it was one of the reasons it was so hard to be mad at him. Peter just loved making people laugh. He loved being goofy and not taking things seriously. And as far as Steve and Tony were concerned, he should be
Peter couldn't tear his eyes away from the television, but he wished he could. The world was lucky to have protectors like the Avengers fighting to keep them safe, to take down the bad guys and be the ones to suffer the physical blows rather than civilians. But Peter wasn't just watching footage of a group of heroes, he was watching his parents. He was watching them get hit over and over again, watching them fall to the ground, watching them bleed.
"Of course she does," he assured. "Peter, she loves you so much kiddo. So much that she's wanting to love you for the rest of your lives,"
The low groaning let them both know that Tony was awake now too. But instead of a crabby frown, Steve and Peter looked over to see a goofy smile on Tony's lips. The man would happily be woken up at any early hour of the morning to the view of his husband and child.
But Peter, who normally woke up less than an hour after Steve on a norma day, was already making his way down the hall. Steve could hear his footsteps, slow at first and then quickly until their bedroom door was being pushed open. As soon as Peter saw his father was awake, he couldn't stop giggling. Steve lit up with a grin that let Peter know it was okay to come over and jump onto their bed. Normally Steve would do his best to leave Tony sleep peacefully, but not today.
"Hey, your uncle Bruce wears glasses all the time," Steve pointed out. "And isn't he the smartest guy you know?"
"Put one hand on your tummy, and then your other on my tummy, okay?" Steve instructed. "We'll breathe together,"
"Yeah, I did," he nodded. "It's not nerves, exactly, is it? I know what you mean. It's a weird feeling. It's a big thing, marriage. But when you think about it, it's really small. It's just a piece of paper telling you exactly what you both already know. That you love each other and you'll be there for one another for as long as you both can. What's big is the wedding, especially for someone who doesn't like attention,"
Hours later, as they laid in bed together in Steve and Tony's room, Peter asked that same question that seemed to break their hearts again.
A few minutes later, all three of them sat on the living room floor around the Christmas tree with the warm drink in their hands, just as they did every year for as long as Peter remembered. It was a traditional that none of them ever wanted to end. Knowing one day it would, they all appreciated it more and more each year.
Peter was in a clean diaper, had finished off a bottle, was freshly bathed and dressed in a snuggly onesie. He couldn't have been more ready to go to bed, but the six month old baby just wouldn't calm down. Steve reached out and cupped Peter's face, running his thumb over his cheeks softly. But that only made Peter cry harder, shaking his head.
normal, Peter," he whispered, watching as the boy's eyes began to droop. "Except to me and your dad, you're the most special person in the whole world,"
Their baby who was tall and lanky and snarky and smart and thoughtful and selfless and so, so loving.
Tony walked back into the room radiating anger. Not toward Peter, but toward whoever had pushed him. Toward whoever put their hands on his son
Tony nodded, a silent understanding of what was going on. Steve always kept inhalers in the cabinet, ready for these exact emergencies. Steve's body might not be able to suffer through this anymore, but he knew that one day Peter or Tony would need to use it.
Peter squealed with laughter as his father lifted him by his foot, hanging him upside down gently. It always made Peter laugh, no matter how many times Steve did it. Even when the little boy was in a grumpy mood, he would always giggle.
Steve unwrapped his present with more restraint than Tony. His gift was much lighter, but also much bigger. When he paper fell off the package completely, Steve's heart warmed.
As the son of two men who put their lives on the line each day, he deserved to have a childhood. He deserved these little, silly moments.
"The crowd's actually not too bad," Bruce admit. "I just keep looking at Peter, it's not so bad then,"
"But how does he come in, papa?" Peter wondered, sitting on his fathers chest as they lounged on the couch.
They hated seeing their son suffer and Tony became crippled with physical pain every time he had to see Peter go through something distressing. Which is why Steve was so proud of the man for coming back into the room calmly, handing the inhaler to Steve along with the plastic spacer.
Of course, Peter wanted to open the biggest present first. But Tony and Steve encouraged him to open his others first and they all took turns opening their gifts. Peter made each of them something from scratch and was very proud of himself when they complimented his work. His little cheeks went red as he fumbled with his fingers awkwardly. Just like Steve, Peter wasn't a fan of too much attention or praise.
"But Tyler went to Mickey's and he got to play on all the rides and have ice-cream and see all the people from my movies! He didn't say it was scary," Peter explained. "I just...I wanna see 'em too, and I don' wanna go without you,"
Five minutes later, the little family of three wandered out into the living room to find that Santa did indeed visit during the night. There were presents of various sizes scattered around the tree, the smell of Tony's coffee brewing, light snow falling outside. It was cozy and warm and everything they wanted for Christmas.
Tony walked into the living room late on the afternoon of Halloween, just finishing up with in the workshop for the day. He had multiple team reinforcements he needed to upgrade and some suit tech that needed to be tinkered with. He hadn't had a chance to have any time in the shop to himself for almost a week, so he took the time while Steve was out shopping with Peter for last-minute costume props.
we can to make sure we do come back," Tony explained. "And you know how much me and papa love you, don't you?"
age and he would still hug him whenever he wanted it. Peter took a deep, calming breath and Tony wrapped his arms around him and squeezed tight.
Tony had never liked Christmas. Maybe when he was a child he could have enjoyed the holiday, but it was most likely short-lived and tainted with bad memories. But sitting on the couch with Steve nestled into his side, warmth surrounding them while snow fell down on New York City outside, Tony felt peaceful. For the first time in his adult life, cheesy Christmas movies were playing on television and Tony didn't feel nauseous. He didn't feel angry, he didn't look for a bottle of scotch, he didn't feel lonely.
Tony peaked over Peter and smirked at Steve. The soldier was always arguing that Peter was far too much like Tony. This was one of the many instances that Tony really couldn't fight back against it.
, Peter. You know that. We'll always listen, no matter what it is," he encouraged, reaching out to pat his tummy. "Come on, what's the big plan?"
"No, no, no," Tony shook his head. "You didn't kill them, baby. They wanted to be eaten, remember? Veggies like making your tummy happy."
"Santa knows daddy is sneaky, that's why I don't get as many presents as you," Tony explained, holding Peter close.
day, remember? You aren't goin' nowhere?" Peter asked, laying upside down on the couch between Steve and Tony.
They stared back at their son, hearts breaking at his worry, and watched as his little lips began to tremble and tears fell down his cheeks. Peter couldn't hold it in any longer. Maybe he was too old to be crying over these things, too old to be acting so childish when he could see them and feel them right here in front of him. They were okay, they were alive, but Peter couldn't stop worrying. The images from the news kept flashing in his mind.
Peter rushed over, throwing himself into Steve's embrace and burying into his chest. He didn't really like the feeling of the Captain America suit beneath his hands. It never felt like real Papa hugs. It made him even sadder this time to feel it torn in spots and see the patches of red soaking through. Peter reached his hands out to Tony next, letting Steve lift him and place him in his husband's lap.
It took a little longer than their practice run to get Peter into his costume properly. The boy just couldn't stop coughing, having to take breaks and have sips of water. Tony called through the door multiple times to ask if they were okay, but Natasha shooed him away.
"Come on bunny," Steve soothed, taking his son into his arms. "We've had enough hopping around tonight, haven't we?"
"You know how me and papa have to keep you safe, don't you? From all the silly people who take photos and ask us all those questions,"
Tony was first, unwrapping the heavy object like a young child. He rolled his eyes at the fact it was a coffee cup (Steve had currently prohibited him from purchasing anymore as they could not longer fit in the cupboards) and grinned madly when he saw the print. All around the mug were pictures of Steve and quotes that he said daily. From 'How many cups is that, Tony?' to 'Did I marry an actual lunatic?'.
"Aah!" Peter gasped, jumping back to grab onto Natasha's leg before an excited grin took over his face.
"Fine!" Steve threw his hands up. "But your dad's right, we're not sending you a bar of soap or socks if you forget them. You gotta learn to pack for yourself,"
He let out a loud wail, throwing his head back dramatically before Steve's hand softened his fall. That's when he caught sight of it.
And he knew a big reason for that was Steve. The man who made him appreciate gingerbread cookies and non-alcoholic eggnog. The man who made Tony want to cover the penthouse in Christmas decorations and a tree bigger than necessary. But the other factor in Tony's happiness this Christmas was a the snuggly little baby that was cradled in his arms.
"Hey! I see you little man!" Steve called out, looking at the curly mess of hair on the other side of the kitchen bench. "I remember saying
The boy that was once embarrassed about his glasses had three different pairs in various styles, and he had inhalers on hand for all occasions.
It was a question that any parent would dread to answer. They couldn't guarantee to Peter that they would survive everything the world threw at them. As much as they told the little boy they would always come home, that they would always fight to get back to him, they knew it wasn't realistic. But if they put all of their focus into that, life would be unbearable.
Peter liked apple juice, but recently starting loving orange juice even more. It was adorable how overwhelmed Peter got when faced with making a decision between two things. The little boy had so much heart, he never wanted to disappoint anyone or anything. He also didn't want to run out of anything. That was a big one too. Peter didn't grasp the concept of grocery stores quite yet.
Peter looked up at the God through his droopy bunny ears, clinging to Tony's shirt as he embraced the cuddles and kisses he was getting. After a moment he reached his little hand up toward Thor, making grabby motions.
"I just don't want to screw anything up and ruin it for her, you know? She's gonna look so beautiful in her dress and she's gonna have something written that's going to actually kill me, and I just...I want her to have the day she deserves,"
Tony looked over to Steve, brows pulled together in confusion. Was Mickey a new school friend they didn't know about? Did he want to do a sleepover? Was is a movie they were unaware of? Steve looked equally lost until he saw Tony's mind click. His husband's eyes were wide as his lips parted, looking to his son sadly a moment later.
Peter actually picked it out himself. They all liked to call him Peter Rabbit, especially when he jumped from place to place around the living room between his aunt and uncles. They had been out shopping for something for him and as soon as Peter felt the fluffy costume in his chubby little hands, he had been set on it.
In a world full of technology, full of constant threats and evil, Steve still found peace in those afternoons with his son. It all felt so familiar.
"It's the candy holiday, Steve. It's not like he eats like this every day," Tony shrugged. "Plus, he'll be super easy to put down tonight,"
"They're driving, remember?" Pepper sighed, her heart breaking at the sight of the boy filled with concern. "Dad's suit got pretty banged up,"
On their own, Steve and Tony had trouble staying beneath the radar of the ever-hungry media. With the team, it was completely impossible. Even with the restraining orders and lawsuits keeping cameras out of Peter's face, it didn't stop the hassling of the boy's parents and his uncles and aunt.
Peter let out a squeal of laughter, spotting one of his favourite characters walking around ahead of them. This place was overwhelming for an adult, and Steve couldn't imagine how full-on this was for a child. Tony walked by his side, shades over his eyes and a steady glare on his face as he eyed off the crowds watching them. But anytime his gaze moved to Peter, he melted into an adoring smile as he watched just how happy his son was.
Peter should have been better and sneaking around the tower by now. He knew how to bypass Friday, he knew how to bypass all of his dad's security measures. But sometimes it just wasn't worth the lecture he would get ten minutes later when his father found out.
"Which is exactly why pop is going over it all again," Tony laughed. "You haven't got the best track record for remembering things, buddy."
eye on me 'cause I used to be so sneaky. And he won't even visit if we're not sound asleep, you know that."
"They're mood socks," Peter explained. "See, that one we're grumpy. That one we're happy. That one we're sleepy. And that one we're goofy."
Tony had a charity Halloween party every year for Stark Industries and Peter had been too little, tired and quite scared last year to attend. But this year, even if it was only for an hour or two, the little family was going to make all the other attendees swoon.
Yes, Tony remembered the circus. Peter hadn't stopped talking about clowns and red noses and balloons since. Hence the costume.
continued to play with no protests from all the adults in the room, Peter began snoring softly between his parents. He had a lollipop in his hand, sticking to his shirt, that he just wouldn't let go of. It reminded Steve of his little baby all those years ago, clinging to his candy, not ready to end the night.
"Some Captains make the rules," Tony amended. "You're just a fireman tonight. And, you know, even though it would make quite a mess of the linen, I wouldn't be totally against you keeping the costume on when we-"
Steve watched as Peter rubbed at his ears, smearing the lollipop mess all over his face. He was too tired to stay at the party, the noises now getting to him. When he began to whine again just a moment later, they knew it was time to leave.
Peter reached out to grab Tony's hand, clutching it close to his chest as Steve placed the lip of the spacer against Peter's mouth. Two pumps of inhaler later, Peter's eyes were closing in pure relief as he took in as much oxygen as he could. Steve kept the spacer to his mouth for a while longer after that, making sure he got every bit of it.
Steve pulled the boy into his arms, squeezing him tight and closet his chest before pressing a long kiss to his cheek. Peter was still giggling, but his arms reached up to wrap around his father's neck and hug back with just as much enthusiasm.
He was thankful he organised the jet home. They could all use the sleep after the day they've had, and when they woke, they would be back at the tower ready for a lazy, quiet day at home. Soon enough, everyone was asleep. Everyone but Tony and Steve.
"Well, Uncle Bruce likes sharing the apple juice," Peter explained. "But I really like the orange juice,"
Tony grinned at his son, locking eyes with his husband and reaching over to take his hand. As difficult as some days were, they were unbelievably lucky for this life.
The boy hopped up and down where he was, watching his papa for praise. Steve cheered, clapping his hands as Tony stood by his side and tried to not go into cardiac arrest from how adorable this all was.
Peter squealed and giggled wildly as Tony lifted him up high, tickling his tummy and melting at the sound of his son's laughter. Steve stared up at them in awe.
Sitting on the kitchen bench just by the window, next to a trail of dirt and tiny roots, was a ceramic planter pot.
"Much too small," he shook his head. "It's good that they limit him. It could be quite terrifying for a young one."
"You make it sound like I'm pelting melons at the kid's head," Tony rolled his eyes. "Fine, no more berry throwing,"
Steve must have walked around Peter's room at least a dozen times, slowly rocking the baby in his arms while whispering soothingly and rubbing his back softly. Peter had his head on Steve's shoulder, crying and whining as if his father wasn't even there comforting him. Tony was out on Iron Man duties and as competent and confident as Steve was with their son, he thought many times about calling his husband for advice.
"Well, Santa wrote your name on it Pete," Tony pointed out. "And you've been wanting a bike, haven't you?"
"You're not a baby for being upset, Pete," Tony shook his head. "Me and papa always want you to tell us when you don't feel good about something, okay? You can be a big boy and still cry, that doesn't mean you're a baby,"
They started this hero journey long before Peter was part of their lives and it came with downfalls back then too, but seeing Peter right now made them want to hang up their suits for good. They always told themselves that they were doing all of this for Peter and his future. Whenever they left the house in their uniform, whenever they took on an enemy, it was all for Peter.
Peter thought to himself for a moment, pulling at his fluffy Rudolph socks. The toddler had insisted on wearing them all week in the lead up to Santa's big visit. Another thing he insisted on was asking every question possible about Santa himself and the rules of Christmas. The biggest being the rule that Peter had to sleep in order for Santa to visit.
The six year old was sitting in the seat of the shopping cart, laughing madly with raspberry juice running down his mouth. He watched closely as Tony tossed another one at him, opening his mouth wide to catch the red berry coming his way. But, once again, he missed. Luckily Steve caught it, once again, and sighed before holding it up to Peter's lips for him to eat.
"We do have to go get ourselves patched up though," Steve reminded. "Few bandaids here and there, nothing scary, okay?"
"So just ignore everyone else," Tony shrugged. "On the day I married your pops, he was all I could see. We could have been in an empty room for all I knew. This day is for you and MJ, alright? That's all you have to think about. That's the only person that's gonna be in that room."
"Costume's hanging up in the bathroom," Steve reminded. "We're going to gather up the others. Pete wants to show them his costume before we get there,"
Tony had many close calls with heart-attacks in the past, and when he turned to see his son standing behind him in full clown costume, he knew the familiar pain once again. Tony didn't have a fear of clowns, exactly. He just didn't like them. At all. Especially at Halloween.
They were both out of bed within seconds, running down the hall as if there really was a bomb about to explode. When they reached Peter's room, he was sitting up in the bed clutching at his chest, his breath wheezy and pained.
"I've been here all night. As CEO, I kind of host this thing. And I'm a CEO who shows up on time," she pointed out.
Tony took him from the cart, letting the boy rest his head against his shoulder and go completely limp against his chest.
"It's okay Pete, take your time," she sighed, a gentle smile on her lips as she brushed his hair back with her fingers.
"Pete, you could go out there in your underwear and bed hair and MJ would still smile and say 'I do',"
"I'll only give him one, but it can't control everyone else," Tony defended, picking Peter up to cuddle in his arms. "It's Halloween Steve, let the bunny have some candy,"
Peter giggled, shovelling more mysterious buds into his mouth as he ran. This was a fun game. Daddy and papa always starting running when Peter put things in his mouth. Sometimes he had nothing, he just liked to play. But today he had something, Tony was sure of it. And Peter was
So later that evening, Natasha arrived with a stern warning look on her face. She was in costume and she dared anyone to say a word about it. Peter had always wanted her to get into the Halloween spirit with him and she had planned to dress as a scary skeleton for the party. She knew it would cheer the boy up.
"I already went on that one with you, Pete," Tony reminded, rubbing his son's back in hopes of settling him a little.
Tony brushed his hand through Peter's hair, eyes fixed on the movie, as Peter fell deeper and deeper into his slumber. Steve pulled the kid's legs up onto his lap, making him more comfortable.
A few hours later, when Peter was finally out of balloons and missing one shoe, he made his way back over to his parents. He stood by Steve's side, clinging to his leg, eyes drooping. They knew it was almost time to leave, but they weren't finished making fun of Clint just yet.
Thor had arrived earlier in the day, still dressed in his armour, and hadn't bothered to change for the party. There were five people at the party dressed as Thor who were currently laughing wildly at the stories the God was telling in dramatic detail. Bruce had thrown a lab coat on and some hairspray to become a crazy professor, and was currently enjoying a beer. Tony always liked to see the man relaxing.
Tony grinned, looking over Ned's shoulder to see his son standing by the window. The man wandered away, continuing his phone call, and Tony took his chance to go over to Peter and take a moment to chat to him. Just the two of them.
Tony laughed, watching his husband make his way over to Sam and Bucky at the bar. His husband was too easy to embarrass in public, Tony couldn't resist.
Peter looked between his parents, seeing the worry in their eyes. He took a deep breath and parted his lips, feeling the blood spill out and run down his chin. Tony gasped and shot up, rushing over with his jacket. He pushed it into Peter's hand and held it up to his mouth, uncaring of the brand of cost of said jacket.
"That's okay, we can keep trying buddy," Steve insisted. "We're gonna sit here and play this game for a while so daddy can go get the inhaler,"
Peter whined a little, rubbing his eyes and smearing his clown makeup. Tony reached down to pull the boy into his arms, and then Clint took a photo in retaliation. A sleepy clown curled up in the arms of Captain Hook, getting kisses from a fireman.
. Steve would be mad if Peter's giggle didn't warm his heart so much. He carefully pulled Peter close and righted him, setting him down on his feet and brushing crumbs off his clothes. His room would need a thorough vacuuming.
Tony looked to the greasy, black smears all over Steve's face and white shirt. He looked like he had just walked in from fighting a blaze. Tony knew that Peter loved firemen and how brave they were, which is why he chose the costume for Steve, but all Tony could see was just how attractive his husband was.
"It's gonna make sure you get all the medicine," Steve explained, attaching it to the inhaler. "Time to do those big breaths again, okay? This is special air that's gonna help you take better breaths,"
Tony lifted Peter, letting Thor reach down and take him into his arms. The toddler immediately put his hands up to Thor's face, getting his full attention.
"You said Uncles and Aunt Nat were coming over in the morning," Peter explained. "And they like my cupcakes. But I really wanna make cookies for
"Hey, Peter, calm down," Steve soothed. "I know it looked really scary out there and it was for a while, but it's all over now. If we were hurt real bad, we'd be down in the Medbay, wouldn't we?"
"This'll make her wish she hadn't taken that op call," he explained, sending the photos to the woman immediately.
Steve agreed. The little boy was being fuelled by candy, and as soon as this lollipop was finished, they knew he was going to crash.
"We'll always come shopping together, kiddo," Steve laughed, pressing a kiss to his son's head. "But everything is always gonna be here, too. Don't worry about running out of juice,"
Peter jumped in Tony's arms, immediately beginning to whine and cry. Thor's expression quickly shifted from excitement to concern and regret.
"But he's not in pain now, Steve. You found a solution, pretty quickly by the way, and took away his pain," he soothed. "We'll get him some gel and teething rings tomorrow, okay? He's asleep now and if he wakes up, you know what to do. Don't be so hard on yourself,"
Steve was looking. He had been looking for the last ten minutes since they sat Peter's little feet down on the ground and he began toddling around, clad in his fluffy bunny costume. Peter kept turning around to laugh at his little tail, trying to get a good look, spinning around to the point of falling onto his padded behind with another giggle. Ever since they put him in the costume, the toddler had decided it was the funniest thing he had ever seen.
Peter pulled his hand up to his face, cupping his cheek and wincing at the immediate pain he felt. He had avoided contact with it for the past hour, and in less than a second he brought all of the ache back once again.
"Now I want you to match me, okay? When I take a big, deep breath, I want you to talk one with me," Steve instructed, taking his son's hand into his palm. "Okay, first big breath, here we go,"
Steve laughed. That was very unlikely. Peter had threatened to stay up all night during one of his tantrums, and the little boy never made it past nine. Three years old had a ton of energy, but they crashed
Tony finally felt something behind Peter's bottom teeth, hooking his finger next to his gums to pull it out. If only thirty year old Tony, standing in the middle of a club with women on either side and not a care in the world, could see what he was doing now.
When they were back on the jet that night, settled in for their journey back to New York, it was silent. Peter was dead to the world, wrapped around Steve's chest and drooling excessively. His ears were still on his head. Tony was sure he wouldn't wake up until morning.
"Call us if you need anything, okay?" Tony told him, pressing a kiss to his forehead. "I know we said we won't be running anything that you forget, but you can
, Pete. We wouldn't want anyone else. Asthma isn't something that makes you wrong or different," Steve explained. "All it means is you get special medication and sometimes you'll run out of breath a little quicker than normal,"
"If we went to Disneyland, you wouldn't be able to go running off like you do at the park, you know? You would have to stay with me and papa at all times. You'd have to be holding one of our hands all day, okay?"
"If we run out or forget something, me or papa can come and get it another day," Tony assured. "They're open everyday,"
The team stared at the Captain, their eyes wide in panic. Behind them, right in Steve's vision, was Thor and Natasha. The God had been obsessed with riding the Incredicoaster and wouldn't let up until one of his teammates joined him. Natasha had been the only one to relent, glad to have a break from Clint's antics.
Peter's sad eyes turned up to his father, his chubby cheeks making Tony melt right there. He lifted his son into his lap, running a hand over his cheek and brushing back his messy hair.
Steve always woke up before Tony. Even if Tony had a good night sleep, he could lay in bed all day if Steve was there by his side. It made Steve's heart swell that he could provide Tony with such comfort after so much years of sleepless nights and exhaustion. Christmas morning was no different.
Steve rolled his eyes and grabbed both cartons, dropping them into the ever-growing cart. Peter grinned at him, pleased and thankful.
Steve and Tony leaned in close to their son, kissing a cheek each, and wondering how they ended up with the world's greatest kid.
"You guys wanted 'dad' presents, so I got the tackiest ones I could think of," the boy laughed. "How'd I do?"
But when they woke up in the early hours of the morning to Friday's alert, it had nothing to do with bad guys or bombs or aliens.
"It's never silly to be worried, okay?" Steve reassured. "It's like when you ride your bike without your helmet and me and daddy get a bit cranky. We can't help it, because we worry,"
"I never agreed to unlimited hot chocolate, buddy," Steve laughed. "Let's go have a cup and take a look at what Santa left for us,"
"Uh huh," Tony nodded. "Still...a lot of thoughts here. I won't say them, I'm not foul-mouthed. In public. Anymore. As much."
"Daddy," he whispered, grabbing onto Tony's face to gain his full attention, doing his best to whisper. "Will you be sneaky wif me? Play wif the weindeers?"
"You're sneaky," Steve shook his head. "Buddy, we can't have cookies this late. Now we have to clean you up for bed again."
Peter gave a sad smile to his aunt, turning back to the window. When he was little, his parents would say that a Peter hug could cure anything. But as the boy got older, he saw through all of that. His hugs didn't stop them bleeding or snap their bones back into place, if anything they probably caused more pain. But Tony and Steve always squeezed the boy with all the strength they had left.
"Well I haven't," Steve sighed. "And there's one right there, ready to break through, and I didn't even realize!"
"But I had my costume all ready and Aunt Nat was helping me get into it," the boy cried. "And she was dressing up with me!"
Peter nodded, pointing back toward the kitchen. Tony lifted the boy into his arms and carried him back, wanting to figure out why the toddler was getting 'dirt' and 'carrot' so muddled up. But, as it turned out, there was logic in Peter's words.
The team were all sitting at their own little lounge area, taking a rest from the party. Natasha and Clint were out on duty somewhere in Switzerland, but Tony had made sure to send through a photo of the cutest baby ever that they were missing.
But now he had four new pairs ready for rotation. Each covered in different photos of Tony and Peter.
Peter nodded, fixing himself up. He fiddled with his bowtie, eventually leading to Tony taking over to straighten it out and make sure his suit was perfect.
“Thanks, Jarvis,” Steve answered. “Ready?” Steve asked Bucky, who nodded nervously as they stood up from the sofa “All right Indy, come here bud.” Indy dropped the toy he was playing with and walked over to Steve. “Let’s see who’s in the kitchen, huh? Go look.” Indy ran off to the adjacent kitchen and Steve picked the baby off of the sofa she was napping on. The two men joined Indy in the kitchen where they found him climbing on to Clint’s lap as he sat at the table. Natasha sat next to him laughing and Bruce was cutting up vegetables on the counter for the meal he was going to cook.
“You’re okay,” Steve soothed. “It’ll feel better in a minute.” He ran his hand through Tony’s hair repeatedly, petting him, hoping it was calming. As soon as Bucky had the bandage on Steve turned the boy around and held him to his chest. Tony snuggled in immediately, his cried dying down to occasional whines. Steve rubbed circled on his back. “All done. You were so brave, Bubba.” Tony nodded in agreement.
“So much for our plan,” Clint whispered. They figured they would somehow take Graves back to Shield but it seems these people had calculated for that.
Steve leaned forward and kissed the side of Tony’s head that wasn’t in his lap. “Sweet boy,” Steve murmured. “My good boy, huh?”
The two men looked over. Steve smiled softly at his friend. “Does that mean you...?” He trailed off.
Tony laughed. “I know,  know. Maybe I didn’t know what I was missing.” Steve reached out to hold Tony’s hand that had been resting beside his plate.
“Oh, you’re doll?” Indy nodded. “Okay, lets go get that from your room and then go back to watching the movie. I bet Papa will join us soon too.” Tony carried Indy to his room, grabbed the doll, stuffing it between Indy and himself, and went back to his and Steve’s room. The movie was still paused so he got them settled and pressed play. Indy cuddled his doll and llama against him and laid half on the bed and half on Tony’s chest. He lasted 10 minutes before he fell sound asleep. Tony smiled down at him and kissed the top of his head.
“Well, it’s not too much longer. It’ll go by quick.” Steve tried to assure his husband but this was the first business trip Tony had been on since Luca was born and he was just as ready to have him back as Tony was to be back. Luca gave a little whine and everyone looked at him. “You hungry?” Steve asked. “I guess I gotta feed this little bug.” He leaned in and placed a loud smacking kiss on Luca’s cheek.
"I get them too, you know," he told Bucky quietly. Bucky didn't respond but Tony knew he was listening. "Panic attacks. Out of nowhere sometimes. Sucks, huh?"
“It’s been a long day, Bubba. We can at least relax a little bit on the sofa. Wanna watch a cartoon?” Tony agreed to that so he sat with him and flipped stations until he found something age appropriate and within five minutes the boy was sound asleep. Steve smirked as he picked him up and put him in the plush armchair, curled up and resting his head on the arm of the chair then pulled the blanket off the back of the sofa and tucked it in around Tony. He looked warm and cozy so he went back to the kitchen to talk to Bucky. “Jarvis, let me know if he starts to wake up, please.”
“Hey, sweetheart. You’re okay,” Steve murmured to him. Tony blinked awake nervously but then his gaze settled on his husband and son.
“It’s fine. I just don’t want you to get sick on top of everything else. Wait til we can wash your hands.” Tony seemed okay with that plan and wrapped his hands in the end of his shirt instead.
A small boy was curled against him but all Bucky could see was the top of his head, dark brown hair messily standing up every which way. “Hey,” Bucky said to alert the kid he was awake. The boy startled and whipped his head up to look at Bucky. He had uncurled a bit so now he could see he was wearing an adult size black muscle shirt, one side hanging loosely off his shoulder. The scoop neck was so large on him it came down to the middle of his stomach leaving Bucky with a full view of the boys chest, arc reactor and all. Bucky sighed. He glanced over to the pile of clothes a couple feet away that the boy must have crawled out of and it definitely looked like what Tony was wearing this morning before their op.
“Okay baby bug, time for a snack.” Luca was sitting in Steves lap sideways facing Tony. Steve had a container of baby rice puffs which he opened and offered to Tony. “Wanna give him one?”
“Ok so now you can put a candy cane in and use it to stir.” Steve demonstrated in his own and then unwrapped the rest of Indy’s licked candy and gave it to him. Indy licked it then put it in his cup and stirred around the marshmallows. “Now you can try a sip.”
“Have you ever held a baby before Indy?” Steve asked lightly, trying a different tactic. Indy nodded and all three men glanced at each other. That pretty much answered their question. Indy hadn’t been around any infants since he’d been home. “Yeah? Was it a boy or a girl?” Indy shrugged again. “Is the baby safe?” Indy’s face scrunched up and he began to cry softly. “Oh, hey, it’s okay. I’m sorry,” Steve picked Indy off his lap and held him against his chest and the boy wrapped his arms and legs around Steve immediately.
“I love you, Tony. And you can do this. You have been doing it beautifully but you don’t HAVE to do it alone. You can’t keep up this pace. No one would be able to,” Steve let Tony go as he struggled to turn away. “It’s not a failure to share this with me, Tony. Even if you just pump a little bit so I can do some of the night feeds and you can rest a little more it would make a world of difference.” Steve approached Tony again, turning him gently. “You are going to be the best dad. You already have been. Doing this doesn’t mean you care any less.” He cupped Tony’s face in his hands and Tony let out the sob he’d been holding back. “Anyone that spends  even a second with you and Luca would see that you love him more than anything in the world.” Tony nodded fervently. “Maybe we could just try it out once, and see how it goes. See how Luca takes to a bottle and see if you get a little more sleep?”
“Yeah, well, you would, spiderbaby,” Tony answered. Steve laughed as he walked back in the room with the bottle.
“Well, good morning to you too. What are you doing in my bed?” He asked with mock outrage, tickling Indy’s belly as he said it.
“You help us with Indy just as much as we’ve ever helped you with anything,” Tony said truthfully. “So you really need to stop feeling like you’re a burden here or something.” He smiled kindly and Bucky gave a small nod.
Tony started speaking as soon as the door closed behind them. “I know this sucks, Steve. I do. I hate it. I know it’s hard to see him in pain but he needs this. I really think-,”
For the next thirty minutes or so everyone chatted and had a good time. Indy was doing surprisingly well in a group of people, they were pleased to see, even if he seemed to be making sure he had at least a hand on Steve, Tony or Bucky the whole time. They were happy to accommodate that. Clint and Natasha brought Indy a joint gift which was a big box filled with all kinds of soft play items, including different shaped balls and a bow and arrow set that shot foam arrows.
They followed the directions they were given, found the door they were supposed to enter, which led them to a room with an open door and a complicated lock box. Clint pushed Graves into the room and the door automatically swung shut and the lock box clicked an alarming amount of times. They definitely weren’t getting him back out of there.
Tony bit back a sob but Steve felt his body shudder from it. “He pointed at me and said ‘da.’ I - I told him no. You’re his dad, but he kept calling me da. M’sorry, Steve, sorry,” Tony insisted as he grasped handfuls of Steve’s shirt. “Don’t go, please. Don’t,” he sobbed again.
“I’m going to my workshop, Steve,” he cut off, ending the conversation.  Steve stared down at the folder on his lap.
“Don’t,” Steve said sternly. “Do not say that around him. He is in love with that little girl already and she’s obviously bonding with him. He would do it in a heartbeat, but don’t even give him that idea until you’re absolutely sure, Bucky. We’ll take care of her while you make your decision, but don’t throw away this opportunity. You deserve this. After everything, we can finally have these lives we’d given up on ever having.” Steve squeezed Bucky’s shoulder and stood to leave. He walked into the hallway and saw Tony hovering near the door with the baby.
“I’m Annie Scott. This must be Indiana?” She smiled at the boy who smooshed his face closer against Steve’s shoulder. Steve patted his back.
“Fell,” Tony answered but didn’t elaborate. Steve didn’t push it because Bucky returned with a first aid kit. Bucky sat on the floor at Steve’s feet and took Tony’s small foot in his hand.
FRIDAY let Rogers and Barnes into the compounds entry way when they arrived the next morning and alerted Tony to their presence. Tony came up from the workshop, hands in his pockets to hide the fact that they were shaking. He kept a good distance between them when he stopped, staring and seemingly unable to offer a greeting.
“You get this one package, not matter how long you end up staying here so I’d use them sparingly if I were you.” She tossed them on the table. “You can change him when we let you go to the bathroom, twice a day, that’s it.”
-Of course, I get that! Steve replied almost too quickly. If nothing else, just let me talk to you on the phone if not in person, a few minutes, I want to tell you how sorry I am. For everything.
“Love you, Daddy,” Tony said as he crawled back under the covers. Steve gasped. Tony had never called him anything but Steve in the last 3 weeks. He ran his hand through Tony’s hair and kissed him once more.
“That’s great, Tony. Thank you for handling all that. I can’t even imagine how you managed it all honestly.”
Steve nodded quickly. “Of course.” He plucked Luca off Peter’s lap and stood, spinning around in circle. “Hi, baby bug.” He placed a loud smacking kiss on the boys cheek and Luca giggled.
Tony looked at the first table they came across of tiny folded t-shirts. “Looks like it goes by age right?”
“Oh, Bubba. You have nothing to be sorry for. You protected him and kept him fed. You did everything you could while under their control. It’s gonna be okay now. We’re gonna get you both checked out when we get back. You both need food and fluids and a bath and you’ll feel so much better.”
The adults all had coffee after the cake was finished and headed back to the living area to relax for a short time before leaving. Indy brought his llama and went back to his puzzle with Bucky. Tony had his coffee on the same table, closest to him where he sat talking to Pepper and Natasha. He heard Indy call out for him and out of the corner of his eye saw him lifting the wooden puzzle board and trying to get it closer to Tony. Bucky saw it at the same time and reached out to stop it but it was too late. Tony tried to grab his coffee mug quickly so Indy wouldn’t slam the board on to it, but in his haste he didn’t have a good handle on it and knocked it instead. Bucky’s hands retreated, going instead to Indy’s waist and picking him up and out of the way quickly. The coffee spread across the table and Steve managed to move the other puzzles so they didn’t get wet.
“That’s better,” Tony said. “Bigger than it should be on him but we’ll fix that soon enough.” Tony rubbed his hand over Steve’s back for a moment, knowing he was worried.
“Nope. I was very well behaved. As always.” He bounced Indy in his arms and walked down the hall. Steve followed, shaking his head.
“We’ll be landing in 5 so get ready,” she announced. Steve took Luca so he could sit himself down and buckle up while keeping hold of his baby. Bruce made sure Tony was strapped onto the table and then sat down himself while Natasha returned to her seat next to the pilot.
“It’s okay, you’re okay,” he soothed as he continued the patterns his hands were rubbing on to Tony’s back. Tony sniffled and he knew he was holding back tears, though he couldn’t see his face at this angle.
“He’s been fussy but he drinks it. I think he just knows it’s not the same when I do it,” Steve smiled sadly. He pushed the nipple of the bottle against Luca’s lips and he scrunched up his face and grunted. Steve kept at it, squeezing a drop of milk out so he would taste it and once he realized what it was for he opened to it. Tony hummed in acknowledgement. Steve knew he felt bad being away for a couple days.
Tony shut the phone, not bothering with a response. He slumped heavily onto the nearest stool, elbows on the table, leaning his head into his hands.
“I’ll take the balloon and we can tie it on your chair while you eat breakfast okay?” Steve took the string from Indy’s hand and they all went to the kitchen. Steve tied it to the back of Indy’s booster seat and Tony placed him in it.
"I love him, Tony. He's my family. He's like my brother. I'd do anything for him...but, it shouldn't have been at your expense. It sure as hell never should have turned violent. That's all on me and like I said I'm so sorry." Steve sighed. "Do you think, I mean I shouldn't even ask, but is there any possibility that you'll ever forgive me?" Steve looked so damn hopeful, Tony turned away.
“You need to come back, I gotta go.” Clint hung up. Steve was grateful he was still in the compound so he wasn’t far. He cut the meeting short and sprinted to his living quarters. He threw the door open and didn’t stop until he was at the entrance to the living room. The scene before him had him stopping in his tracks instantly. Tony was alternating between hysterically crying and screaming at Clint. Clint was yelling over him, something about not moving and that he wanted to pick him up so he wouldn’t step on glass. Steve looked around and there was indeed broken glass on the carpet. He doubted Tony heard Clint at all. Steve noticed Tony looking down and it looked like he was going to try and storm off so it was time for him to intervene.
“Everyone’s okay,” he assured her. “Well, kind of. I actually had a favor to ask you. I know tomorrow’s Saturday and this is really last minute and you probably have plans,” Steve trailed off as she put a hand on his arm.
Tony nervously brought Luca out once he had finished and shyly greeted Pepper. Pepper smiled knowingly.
“But he’s here now. You can help him,” Bucky insisted. “He’ll be okay because he has you. All of you.” Bucky rearranged the boy so he was facing out. “Can you say hi to Steve and Tony?” The boy waved his little hand out in front of him. Tony smirked.
“He’s healthy, that’s for sure,” Steve agreed. Tony hummed in agreement. He knew that Steve worried about their son being sick like he was as a child but so far every test had proved he was 100% healthy, even without any sign of the serum in his system. Steve brought his hand up to cup Luca’s head gently. The two men stared down at him quietly. The only sounds were Luca’s snuffles as he breathed through his nose and swallowed greedily.
Steve pulled Tony toward him and hugged him tight. “I know he needs this. I hate that he has to go through it but he’s a tough kid. It is what he needs.”
Tony and Luca had been taken 5 hours ago and Steve was very close to losing his mind. Three  hours in JARVIS received a link to a livestream from an anonymous source. The Avengers gathered around and JARVIS displayed the stream on the television. It showed Tony, shirtless,  strapped to a chair in a nearly empty, gray walled, room. They saw the people come in to the room and heard the whole conversation. Steve watched helplessly as the man and woman left the room and Tony struggled to get a grip on Luca and feed him. It didn’t look like Tony knew he was being recorded because he never once looked in the direction of the camera lens.
“Well, we started small. For this first visit I really just wanted to get a gauge for his personality, temperament, and what his level of understanding was to what we were discussing. I think we were able to get a good start.” She smiled. “I do want to say he is such a sweet boy. Very polite. Regardless of his start in life it’s very clear that he has great people taking care of him now.”
“Yes,” Tony answered immediately. “Definitely safe, sweetheart. This,” he gestured to the bot, “is Dum-E. He’s a robot. He’s been with me for a very long time. You wanna say hi?” Indy looked unsure but Tony stepped forward so they were close enough to touch. Tony took Indy’s hand in his own and placed them on the closest piece of metal to them. “See, Dum-E is nice. And safe.” Dum-E let out a high pitched beep which Indy jumped at and then giggled.
“Got it!” Clint exclaimed from behind them startling Tony. His arm was free and he brought it forward. Clint grabbed the cuff that was dangling. “One more second I’ll have this part off too.”
“We’ll be perfectly fine for 2 hours, I think,” she smiled. “I’ll give you a minute.” She stepped away toward the door and Steve sidled up to Tony.
Bucky walked over to the back of Indy’s chair. “Thank you, kiddo. That’s a good idea. Can’t hurt to remind Santa,” he agreed. He kissed the top of the boys head then continued on his way out of the room.
Steve set out to make Indy a bowl of oatmeal since he was still adjusting to eating different foods. The birthday cake he would try later would be the new food for the day. Tony sat next to Indy after grabbing a cup of coffee for himself.
Natasha stood up, pulling Clint to his feet next to her. “I think us non-essentials will leave you to figure this out.” Clint grumbled something about wanting to stay but he followed her out.
Indy walked past him silently, shocked, and climbed in the door that was opened by Happy previously. He got himself in his chair and Bucky leaned over to get the seatbelts situated. Indy was crying quietly now but Bucky had to ignore it for the moment. “Hate you,” Indy whispered. Bucky looked at him sadly, clicked the buckle in place and closed the door. He climbed in silently next to Happy in the front and he started driving right away.
“Sit in his spot there Steve, I’ll put him in your lap.” Steve sat, not questioning it, and just like that the seating arrangement was fixed. Bucky caught Tony’s eye and gave a small smile and nod. Tony nodded back.
“Okay, good.” Tony kissed him. “Let’s go put out some snacks, people will be here in a few minutes.” Tony turned to leave but Steve grabbed his hand.
Steve knocked on the door to what was now Bucky’s quarters, formerly Steve’s. Bucky answered a few seconds later, hair and clothes disheveled and looking like he hadn’t slept since before their mission to find the infant.
Steve walked down the hallway in to the living room, picking up stray toys and Tony’s teddy bear along the way, wondering how they amassed so many kid things in such a short amount of time.
“Absolutely,” Steve assured him. “Forever, if you’ll have us.” Steve kissed the top of Tony’s head where it rested on his shoulder. Tony nodded and tried to discreetly wipe away his tears.
“I can try for a bit?” He offered. Tony stopped the rocking but didn’t answer right away. Steve froze because either Tony was going to appreciate the help or bite his head off. Tony’s glare a second later answered his question. “I’m just trying to help, Tony. I know you can do it.”
“Yeah,” Indy replied easily, munching on a cracker. Tony smiled and leaned over slightly to kiss his cheek.
“I’ll clean up here and keep an ear out for Indy,” Tony said. Steve kissed him quickly then took Indy to the other room.
Tony looked at Steve, at his husband, and smiled warmly. “I couldn’t imagine anything more perfect than this. Us being married, having a son,” he nodded at Indy, “and all our friends.”
“Tony, it’s okay. What happened?” He could feel the fabric on his shoulder getting damp so Tony was definitely crying. JARVIS had told him what he could about what he heard so Steve had an idea already. Tony was starting to shake. “Oh, sweetheart,” Steve murmured sadly. He kissed the top of Tony’s head, leaving his lips there, breathing in Tony while he waited for him to say something. He gave Tony a couple of minutes to settle but he seemed to be working himself up more somehow so Steve decided to talk instead.
“Thank you, baby. Apology accepted.” He bounced Tony in his arms a little as he cried some more. “You ready to say you’re sorry to Clint too?”  Tony nodded against his shoulder.
Steve had Indy cuddled in his lap as he sat on the floor by the Christmas tree. They had let Indy open one gift, a stuffed reindeer, for Christmas Eve and he now had it clutched in a tight grasp as he tried and failed to pretend he wasn’t tired. He rubbed his eye with a fist and yawned.
“He’s better now,” Tony added. “He can eat most things, we just try to keep it healthy except for a treat here and there.” The therapist nodded and jotted a note in her notebook.
“It’s okay, Poppy,” he told her very seriously for a three year old. “Don’t cry. You have a dad. And a bed,” he threw in as an afterthought.
“There were no other kids, I looked,” Bucky said shaking his head. “I don’t, I mean - I know some of the Hydra agents escaped once I found Indy because I had to get him out but I searched most of that facility.”
Steve pulled Tony back against him so the boys back was to his chest and out one arm around his waist to hold him and lifted Tony’s leg with the other to look. He pulled at the knot in the sock and it came undone. There was a little bit of blood but not too bad. It was mostly in need of disinfecting.
Steve nodded again, not trusting his voice. Tony resumed the chair he had sat in before, next to where Steve was crouched.
“Hey, Mr. Rogers, I uh, I’ve been keeping an eye on them the whole time, I promise,” Peter said as he walked back in the room. “The woman came over the intercom in Tony’s room and told him he could feed the baby just a few minutes ago. Other than that there’s been no activity. Tony and Luca woke up just a little while ago and Luca cried a little but now he’s being fed so,” he trailed off.
“I know.” Tony replied easily. Because he did believe that. Steve was grinning ear to ear and Tony rolled his eyes. He threw his arm around Bucky’s shoulders pulling him close for a quick side hug. Bucky’s face scrunched up but he didn’t pull away.
“He is, sir,” JARVIS replied instantly. Tony wondered which would be most likely to get him killed, waking a former assassin super soldier unexpectedly or sneaking into his backpack and having him accidentally wake up and see him there. He decided his best bet was the latter, thinking he could be quiet enough that he could go unnoticed.
“No Steve,” Tony responded loudly, startling the boy in his lap who looked up quickly at his dad.  “Sorry baby,” Tony whispered to his son.
Tony laughed humorlessly. “I’m not a super soldier, the results were never going to say I was the father.”
“I know.” Steve’s phone beeped, signaling the end of the three minutes. “Indy come over here, please.” The boy jumped up and ran over but hesitated just shy of slamming into his parents legs. Steve reached out and put his hands on Indy’s shoulders. “Can you tell me why you had a timeout?”
“It absolutely does matter, Tony. And anyway, I like it. Let’s do it,” he picked up the pen and dragged the paper in front of him. “Do we just write it in? Or,” he trailed off. Tony took the pen gently from his hand.
“You okay?” Tony asked. Steve shrugged but kept his face hidden. “I’m sorry I stayed hidden away all day,” he said honestly, moving one hand down to Steve’s back and holding him tighter. Steve’s shoulders shook on a sob that he tried to keep in but he couldn’t hide it from Tony.
“I found him in Indiana,” Bucky answered sheepishly. Tony nodded and Bucky turned back to Steve. “You wanna hold him, Stevie?”
“You have kids and I wouldn’t know where to start, so, do you think you could go and get things that he’ll need. For a few days to start? Clothes, pajamas, literally anything you think is necessary.” Steve pulled his credit card out of his wallet and held it out.
“Natasha is going to stick behind and debrief him on the files we got from them. She’ll be able to let us know if there’s anything that’ll help here,” he nodded at Tony. Tony waved at Clint when he finished speaking so Clint smiled at him and waved back. “Hey, Tony.”
Tony and Steve sat on the sofa in the next room and Bucky stood facing them, folder clutched tightly in his metal hand.
“Hey. He’s going to be okay. And when he’s better you can make your announcement.” Steve nodded but he didn’t seem too sure. Bucky clapped his hand on Steve’s knee. “Congratulations, pal. I know it sucks right now but I’m happy for you.”
They entered the store and Steve grabbed a shopping cart and pushed it over to Tony. “In you go,” Tony said as he placed Indy on the seat, struggling slightly to get his feet in the holes. Indy looked up at them confused.
“I’m sure that baby doll is safe with her family, kiddo. She’s got a nice little girl that’s taking care of her. That’s why you can’t take it.” Indy cried harder so Bucky started the walk back to the tower down the street. When he started working himself up even more Bucky sat him up straighter in his arms. “Why are you so upset, buddy?”
“Thank you Buppy,” he said looking up at Bucky with a big smile. Bucky ruffled the boys hair and then left his hand resting on Indy’s head as he led him to the cashier.
Steve laughed. “Okay, buddy, be nice though. Santa’s gonna come.” Indy spared him a glance but then looked at the baby. He leaned forward and gave her a hug.
Bucky stood and joined Steve and they walked down the hall to Tony’s room. Steve opened the door slowly and stuck his head in. Tony was laying there with his eyes closed. He walked in slowly and placed his hand over Tony’s when he was close enough. Tony startled slightly.
“No,” Indy shouted. His face was red now, tears streaming non-stop and he was on the verge of hyperventilating if they couldn’t get him to stop.
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony brushed off. “But he needs everything so we will be buying a lot, whether you like it or not.” Steve couldn’t argue that, so he rolled his eyes with a smile and started to change his clothes for the day.
“Yeah, might as well. Indy, so you know how Steve is your dad?” Bucky asked. Indy’s brow furrowed. He pointed at Tony.
“If you pull another kid out of somewhere, Bucky, I swear to god,” Tony exclaimed. Bucky shook his head.
“Hi Darling,” Tony called softly. Steve whimpered and Tony could see Bucky’s hand on his shoulder, squeezing gently. “I’m okay, I promise and so is Indy. I had to stay with him, but we’re in the tower, perfectly safe. I promise.” Tony paused but Steve didn’t say anything, his eyes filled with tears though. “I was so worried about you, Steve. I need you. Indy needs you.”
“You wanna show daddy?” He asked. Indy nodded. “He’s working downstairs right now but you can show him later, okay?”  Indy whined a little but otherwise didn’t protest that answer. He saw the book on the counter and pointed.
“I know. I’m sorry.” Steve shook his head because Tony definitely didn’t need to apologize. “I’m okay now. Just have to heal up. I’ve had worse.” Steve rolled his eyes at that. “You don’t think I’d leave my fiancé this soon do you?”
"My Ma taught me how to make Mac and cheese but I improvised a little with what was in the fridge. I added some Monterey cheese in with the cheddar because I didn't have enough but it worked out pretty well."
“I just scared him accidentally. He hit me in the face to wake me up and I jumped out of bed. Didn’t realize what had happened at first so he got startled,” Bucky explained.
“You can hang out if you want,” Tony said simply. Bucky looked hesitant. “Listen, sit down for a sec.” Bucky did. Tony sighed. “Rationally, I know that Hydra was in control of what you did. I get that. You’re a victim. Just like Indy is a victim. Hydra sucks, and they’re to blame for everything. I know all that in my head.” Tony looked down to make sure Indy was still sound asleep. “But, I can’t help that when I look at you I see your hands strangling my mom to death. And killing my father. I don’t want to see that but I do. And that’s on me, I have to work through it but your Steve’s friend and Indy’s, well, family. He loves you. So, my exile of you is maybe unfair to them. So, from now on you can do what you want. This shouldn’t be some other form of prison for you. Go where you want in the tower, talk to Steve and Indy whenever you want even if I’m in the room. Okay?” Bucky opened and closed his mouth unable to formulate worlds. When he finally could he looked Tony in the eye.
“The table looks great, by the way. I didn’t mean that it didn’t,” Steve said sheepishly. Tony laughed.
“Tony,” Steve softly called out as he entered the workshop. Tony’s head whipped to the side to look at Steve, having not heard him enter.
Indy bounced in his seat and said yes, looking most excited about the box of red and white candy canes. He reached out and ran a finger down one of them then looked at Bucky. “Look Buppy,” he said.
“They kept me chained to a chair the whole time. They never once let me up.” He looked at Tony to see if he was getting his point. He was pulling a wipe out of the plastic pack. Tony looked up at him.
“Hey, how are you feeling?” He asked Steve, approaching the sofa where the super soldier was currently relaxing with his son.
“Thank you, baby. I’ll drink it.” Indy took the bears back from Steve’s lap, losing interest in the snack bag. He walked between Bucky’s knees and tried to get up without using his hands so Bucky helped him up so he ended up with his back to Bucky’s chest and the bears hugged against him.
“I’ll call them both.” He stepped away and let Pepper know what happened first. She was going to come right away. He found a contact called Rhodey and called that next. When a man answered Bucky said, “Uh, hi. Is this Rhodey?”
He walked into the bedroom he shared with Steve to see Indy in the middle of the king size bed bundled in his blue blanket with his llama and bear in each arm. The TV was on, playing some Disney movie Tony didn’t recognize, but Indy was looking down at his llama, picking at its fur nervously.
“Whatever you want Buck, we’ll be around if you change your mind. But have a good night if we don’t see you.” Steve knew Bucky still felt awkward sometimes staying in their spare room. They told him he could stay there as long as he wanted since he wasn’t entirely comfortable having the baby in his own quarters yet, but he still felt like he was intruding sometimes.
“I don’t think so pal, this ones all DNA. I remember seeing that exact pout on you when we were kids.” Bucky bounced Poppy in his arms as she looked around. Steve was staring at his friend but hadn’t replied. “What?”
“Buppy,” Indy said, pointing to a little girl nearby. Indy toddled toward her and Bucky followed awkwardly hoping he wouldn’t have to interact with any parents. The girl looked to be a little older than Indy and had a couple toys spread around her in the grass. “Baby,” Indy said, pointing to the girls doll once he was next to her. The girl looked up at him and smiled.
“Hey,” Peter said softly. “He loves you, he’s just scared.” Peter leaned forward and hugged Steve. Steve wrapped his arms around the teen, hugging him to his chest. “I’ll go check on them.”
“He’s safe, kiddo. He’s not hurt and he’s all clean. Nothing to worry about,” Bucky told him. Steve wrapped the llama in a clean and dry washcloth as if it were a blanket and handed it to Indy. He’s gotta dry still but we can bring him out there with us, okay?”
“Wow is right, baby. Look at these.” He pulled the slippers out so everyone could see. They were shaped like sharks in a royal blue and white color with teeth along the front. “You wanna try these on? They’re slippers to keep your toes warm around the house.” Tony tickled Indy’s foot and then managed to slip them on.
“Clint came over to stay with you as a favor to me and he just wanted to have a nice day with you,” Steve told the small boy. “Why are you acting out? You don’t usually behave like this, Tony.”
“All done,” Steve said, reluctant to break up their little moment. “Pass her over I’ll wrap her in the new blanket and you can take off your shirt and wipe down.”  He pulled her from Tony with his hands under her arms and she protested immediately with a wave of her arms and her little hand reaching back to him. “Hey there, it’s okay,” Steve said as he brought her to his chest. He made sure the blanket was secure around her but kept her facing away from him so she could watch Tony. She started to tear up so he bounced her lightly. “You like Tony, huh?” He asked her and she whimpered back at him. “I like Tony too, don’t worry he’ll be done in a minute,” Steve kept talking so she would focus on something else. “How old are you? Maybe 6 months?” He looked to Tony.
“I’ll get him, Munchkin. Two seconds,” Tony said before darting out of the room. Steve turned onto his side, facing Indy. He reached out and push some of his wispy blonde hair off his forehead.
“Hey, kid,” Bucky gave him a small smile. He cleared his throat, looking around the table at Tony, Clint, Nat and Steve.  “Um, Tony? Can we talk for a minute? And Steve,” he added as Steve came closer. “In the other room?” Steve and Tony looked at each other and then nodded.
“Yeah, ‘ponsibil-ly.” Indy nodded knowingly. Bucky smiled warmly at him. He grabbed the little pastel pink clip-on bow tie and clipped it on the collar of Indy’s shirt.
Tony laughed. “I called Barnes up to watch him. Indy was thrilled,” he said as he rolled his eyes. “You gonna be okay for this party?”
Indy nodded happily, eyeing the puzzle she had placed on the table. “Papa,” Indy said, pointing to the puzzle that was just out of his reach.
“It’s not your privacy I’m invading. He’s three. If he did or said something I need to know about, I’m going to get that information however I have to. He want’s to act out like this and not answer me, I get that. But you,” he waved his hand at him. “I asked nicely. I want to help.”
“Feed him. I can give him more now that they’re gone, Steve, help. I know I’m dehydrated but he can have a little more til we get him to the hospital,” Tony replied frantically.
“Steve, need Steve,” he replied breathlessly. He closed his eyes, squeezing them shut and tried not to freak out Indy.
He found Steve still in the bathroom. He leaned against the doorway arms folded across his chest. “Having an existential crisis or,” he trailed off with a shake of his head.
“Yes, sweetheart. We’re here to buy you everything you need. So, I’m going to pick out some things but if you see something you like you let me know, okay?” Steve left the blue shirt in Indy’s lap and started picking other shirts. He had 5 more placed in the cart before heading to the next table that had sweatpants. “Hey Tony,” he called out behind him and Tony came over a second later. He unceremoniously dropped a couple of packs of tiny socks in different colors into the cart.
“We’re going to get normal things, Tony. Nothing extravagant,” Steve told his boyfriend, hands on his hips.
“Goodnight baby,” he whispered, much like Tony did, and then placed a wet kiss on her cheek. Bucky leaned over her and gave Indy a hug.
He had Indy pick a juice from the vending machine and grabbed him a pack of animal crackers in case he got hungry. He got an orange juice for Steve figuring he might need the jolt of sugar.  “Wanna see Da,” Indy mumbled against Bucky’s neck.
"It is pretty good, I'll give him that," Bucky added, trying to shake off the edge of panic so Steve didn't see.
He positioned her so she was secure in his hold and then stepped back. Tony curled around her, protective, and seemed to instantly relax. Both Tony and Poppy fell asleep in minutes so Bucky sat in the armchair and watched TV so he could keep an eye on both of them.
“Thanks, J,” Tony answered but his voice hitched on the last syllable and his breath caught and he must have been obvious enough that Indy was catching on now. He patted Tony’s chest with his small hand and was now sitting up looking at him worriedly. “S’okay. It’s okay,” Tony repeated over and over, pulling the boy closer to him. Tears started forming in his eyes and he didn’t want to scare the kid more. That’s how Steve found them a minute later, taking in the scene quickly once he entered.
“Okay then, operation Steve is Papa is in effect. Indy, buddy. Can you say papa? Pa Pa,” Tony said slowly. He pulled the boys thumb from his mouth gently. “Say Papa.”
Bucky turned back to face them nervously. “Do you think maybe I could stay in the spare room tonight? I don’t even know what to do with her. If she wakes up,” he started, somewhat frantically.
“We’ll be right outside,” Tony replied with a hand on Steve’s back for a moment. “Have fun, Tater Tot.” Tony kissed the boys cheek and Indy waved his hand happily toward Tony and Bucky as Steve sat with the boy in his lap.
“Because I can’t lose this and I feel like I’m going to,” Tony bit back sob. “Whenever something is going good it comes crashing down, I just, I can’t,” Tony stopped talking when he couldn’t continue anymore. Steve held him close whispering assurances that he wasn’t going anywhere. “Can we go see him?” Tony sat up, looking hopefully at Steve.
Bucky sent it to Steve and Tony with the message, “We’re ready. See you out there.” Steve replied immediately with 10 heart emojis. And then a second later a crying emoji. Tony sent a laughing emoji, presumably at his fiancé.
“You’re not going far, kid. You’ll be okay, and we’ll be right there if you need us,” Tony said, more for himself than the baby. He lifted Luca higher in his arms, pressing his lips to the top of head for a moment, breathing him in. Steve squeezed Tony’s shoulder comfortingly and then they went over to Pepper who took Luca gently into her arms.
Twenty minutes later Tony walked in to the kitchen where Steve and Bucky were sitting on the chairs around the kitchen island, a couple menus spread out in front of them.
“Perfect,” Bucky laughed sending it to Nat.  “Okay let me get my shirt on then we can go out there.” He already had on his khaki pants and a white undershirt. He pulled on his long sleeve white tee and sighed because he most definitely was not used to wearing this many bright colors. Once he was buttoned and tucked in he grabbed the light pink tie and stood in front of the mirror to tie it, grumbling to himself about the khaki/white/pink color choices that his best friend had made.  Indy had climbed off the bed and stood next to Bucky in the mirror as he finished adjusting the knot. He ran a hand through his newly short hair to make sure it still looked acceptable.
“It’s his dinosaur,” Tony clarified. “He wanted to give her something to sleep with so she wouldn’t be alone.” Tony glanced at Steve who looked like he was seconds away from jumping up and grabbing his son for a hug.
“No,” Steve exclaimed quickly. “Buck, thank you actually. With everything going on we didn’t even think about the date in the file. I knew you said he was almost 3, but I wasn’t even thinking of birthdays. I’m glad you said something.” Steve shook his head. “I don’t wanna miss my son’s first birthday since we found out he even existed.”
“He’ll be right back,” Steve assured him. He moved his hand down to Indy’s stomach, resuming the small circles from earlier. “How’s your tummy feeling now? Any better?”
Steve looked back at Fury. “Get the fuck out of our home and do whatever you can to bring them back to me because if Shield messes this up I will kill you.” Fury said nothing but walked off to the elevator. Coulson hesitated as if he was going to say something but looked at Natasha instead and gave her a nod which she returned and then he left as well. Steve didn’t have it in him to question that at the moment.
“I’ll talk to him. I don’t think he would want that.” Steve leaned in and kissed Tony’s forehead. “You’ll be okay if I go talk to him?” Tony nodded and Steve went to find his friend.
Twenty agonizingly long minutes later for Steve and Tony, Bucky exited the conference room with a tired looking Indy in his arms.
“It’s been a rough morning, buddy. We love you, no matter what, but I don’t want to see you acting like this again, do you understand?” Indy nodded and started to cry softly. “You can’t try to hurt someone because you don’t want to listen. And you really shouldn’t say that you hate someone just because you’re mad at the moment. That’s not very nice is it? It hurts the other persons feelings.”
“See you later, Tater Tot.” He kissed Indy’s cheek and the small boy giggled. He nodded his goodbye to Bucky and headed toward the elevator.
“Okay, times up bud,” he said as he approached the chair. He wasn’t fully prepared for what he saw when he turned he chair back around though. Tony, who had been silent the entire time save for a sniffle here and there, was a mess. He was sobbing uncontrollably, albeit quietly. His face was red and soaked in tears, as well as the top part of his shirt. He kept swiping at his eyes with his sleeve but more tears came too quick for it to make a difference.  “Hey, come on, Tony.” He put his hands out in offering and Tony practically threw himself at Steve. Steve hoisted him up, pulling him against his chest and heading to the bathroom. “I know you’re upset, baby. You don’t have to be quiet you know? It’s okay to cry when you feel bad about something.”
“Well, come on in, make yourselves comfortable. There’s snacks and drinks and Indy’s doing a puzzle, so, fun times had by all,” Tony laughed. “Hey, Peanut,” Tony called once they all entered the main space. “Come say hi to our friends.” Indy was trying to bang a puzzle piece into he wrong spot with Buck patiently trying to point him to another slot. He looked up at Tony’s words and then with wide eyes at the new guests. Tony swooped in and picked him up then turned to face everyone. “You know Clint and Natasha,” he pointed. “And do you remember Pepper and Happy? Can you say hi?”
“I’ll go,” Happy suggested. He also had a gift bag, slightly smaller. He stepped up to Tony and held it out. “Happy birthday, Indy.” Tony took it but Indy did peek his head out to look.
“Happy birthday, buddy. You’re 3 years old today,” he said with excitement in his voice. He and Tony had tried to explain the concept of birthdays as best they could. They weren’t sure how much sank in but they wanted him to at least realize it was a special day for him. “Such a big boy,” Steve added, kissing the top of his head. A soft knock on the door drew Steve’s attention and he saw Tony holding something behind his back. “Look who’s here,” he told Indy, bouncing him slightly in his lap. Indy looked over.
"Right, let's see then," Tony reached out and put his hand near the shoulder, feeling where the skin met metal. He expected Bucky to react but he didn't so much as flinch. He moved his fingers down the metal feeling and trying to get a gage as to how they made it work. The damage was just below the crease where the elbow would be and Tony could see it was pretty extensive.
“Buck,” Steve stepped forward slowly. “He’s not going to cause her pain unnecessarily, you know that. But we want to know for sure what’s wrong right? So it can be fixed?” He was next to his friend now and he ran his hand over Poppy’s head soothingly.
“I won’t,” Tony said aggressively. The woman picked the baby up again tightly under the arms but leaving him away from her body and plopped him back in Tony’s lap.
“Love you,” Tony responded. “I don’t like what happened with us today. We can disagree but we can’t let it get to that point again.”
“Happy birthday Indy,” Bruce said cheerfully. “Steve, where should I put this,” he gestured to the gift.
A small hand grasping his shirt pulled his attention back to Tony. “Are you okay?” He inwardly rolled his eyes at himself because that seemed like a dumb question all things considered. The boy shrugged. “Does anything hurt?” He clarified. Tony maneuvered his small body around until he was sitting, hand still holding on to Bucky’s shirt, then stretched out one leg and pointed at it with his other hand. Bucky managed to sit himself up halfway by leaning on the cement wall behind him. He reached out and moved the end of the shirt out of the way to see the kids leg and grimaced at the sight. There was cut down the side of his calf, mostly caked with dried blood by now, and a purplish bruise forming around it. Tony gasped when he looked down at it, tears already spilling down his cheeks, but he didn’t cry out.
“Yeah, I think he gets it now. I’m not going anywhere. Neither are you,” Tony said, running his hand over Indy’s back. Steve nodded.
Tony smiled. “I like Indy as a name too, but are you putting Indiana on the certificate or just Indy? And he needs a middle name, too. Well, if you want to give him one.”
“Steve’s or yours,” Tony said. Bucky glanced at him quickly as if he didn’t realize that and then shrugged. “We’ll do a DNA test when we get back. Unless you wanna be extra helpful and tell us?” Tony added.  The Hydra agent scoffed but the gun butting into the back of her head made her stop.
“What if you just nap here? I’ll stay and watch and if they wake up or someone comes back I’ll tell you.” Steve was already shaking his head. “You need rest too, Tony would tell you to sleep, you know he would.” Steve smiled at that. Peter pulled out his phone since the TV was playing the livestream and flicked through Netflix to find a mindless show to put on. He propped his phone on the coffee table in front of him. “Here, we’ll just watch a little and if you start to fall asleep just don’t stop yourself, okay? I won’t stop watching Tony and Luca, I promise.”
“No,” Tony replied, weakly. Steve rolled his eyes but pressed a kiss to his fluffy brown hair. He maneuvered Tony til he was facing him on his lap. He cupped Tony’s face with both of his hands, brushing the tears away with his thumbs.
“We can’t confirm it,” he answered. “But if they didn’t he would be back with us.” Tony stood and paced away from the table.
“Bubba, lunchtime.” Steve plucked Tony off of Clint’s lap and put him in his own chair He didn’t protest and the rest of the meal and the day for that matter passed without incident for which Steve was immensely grateful.
“Yeah. She needs a place to sleep right? Bucky’s holding her now but I thought we could put this together for her and then she’d have a nice place to sleep, safe and sound. Think you can help with that?” Indy nodded agreeably so Tony handed him the screwdriver. “Hold this.” Indy moved a cracker from one hand to the other then took the screwdriver in his small grip.
“Okay, if he wakes up before I come back can you tell him I’m still in the tower and I’m only going to be a few minutes? And if Luca wakes up before Tony can you alert me? I’ll come right back. I don’t want to wake Tony unless I have to.”
“What did you do with Indy today?” Steve made eye contact with Tony through the screen and Tony smiled at him.
“Tony, if you feel anything weird, anything bothers you at all I need you to tell me, okay? We’ll go see Bruce after but I need to know that you’re okay now. Promise me,” Steve pleaded.
Steve walked down the steps to the workshop where Tony had Indy for the morning while he attended a meeting at Shield. Once he got close to the door he heard shouting from both of them, though the words were muffled through the glass and door. JARVIS opened it wordlessly when Steve was close and both Tony and Indy stopped their yelling to look at him as he entered. Indy sniffled and gasped.
Steve sighed. “So, we just had Indy’s first ever birthday party.” He plopped down on the sofa next to Bucky. Tony smirked.
“I went to go see Papa while Bucky gave you some breakfast, that’s all. I told you you were a good boy for saying sorry, didn’t I?” Indy nodded minutely. “I’m not mad, baby. And I’m never leaving you even if I do get mad. Same with Papa and same with Bucky, okay?” He received more of a nod for that. “Can I have a hug?” Steve turned so he could hand Indy over and Indy grabbed onto Tony just as tight. “I love you. I’m not going anywhere,” he whispered into Indy’s ear, kissing Indy’s shoulder as he pressed his head down further snuggling into his son.
When they returned to their floor, Steve had laid Indy down on a bed in one guest bedroom while Tony showed Bucky to the other. Tony walked in to their shared bedroom to see Steve already changing into sweats and a t-shirt.
Steve was hunched over Indy so Bucky put his hand on the other mans back, running it up and down in what he hoped was soothing. “Rhodey and Pepper are on their way. Tony will get what he needs and he’ll be okay.” Steve nodded but didn’t look at him. Bucky wanted to say more, ask what happened, but not with Indy there.
“I told Steve I’d ask the doctor if he could go home tonight. I should do that before he wakes up.” Tony started to gently extricate himself from the bed without waking it’s other two occupants. He managed it, barely. Steve snuffled when his head fell further into the pillow without Tony’s side in the way but his eyes stayed closed.
Steve nodded. “Yup. We all have our own rooms in the tower, so you’ll be staying with me, okay? But Bucky will be around too. He can hang out with us, right?” Tony looked much happier now. He nodded and reached a hand out to Bucky. Bucky held it for a second then booped him on his nose.
“How’re you doin’ Buck?” Steve asked as he came to sit beside his friend who was sitting at the kitchen island staring into space. The other Avengers and the kids had retreated to the living area to watch a movie. Bucky flinched slightly, unsettled that he was out of it enough that he hadn’t heard Steve come up behind him.
“Okay, yeah. That’s okay.” Indy’s door was ajar and Tony pushed it open quietly. Indy was sound asleep with his pacifier in his mouth and llama and two teddy bears tucked under the covers with him and Bucky laying along side all of them also sound asleep. Steve and Tony smiled.
“Yes I can.” Steve stepped closer to the boy. “I know you can handle it, but I’ll be worried enough about Tony and Luca. I don’t need an extra person there to be be worried about. The more people we bring the more there’s a chance that they take someone else hostage, even if we get Tony and Luca, because they’re going to be worried about the getaway.” Steve put a hand on Peter’s shoulder. “Please. Stay here with JARVIS and keep an eye on the livestream. Keep a comms in your ear and let us know if anything happens, okay?”
“Hey,” Bucky called out as he walked into the living room where Steve and Tony were lounging on the sofa after putting Indy to bed. He was still staying in their guest room even though he had his own quarters. Sometimes he felt guilty, but times like this he just felt grateful that they were nearby because if they weren’t he’s sure he would panic. “Does she feel warm to you?” He stood directly in front of them and held Poppy out a little, half dressed and wriggling, so they could feel.
“You’re a good boy, Tony,” Steve assured him.  Tony looked down, playing with the hem of Steve’s t-shirt.
“Do you think you should say that you’re sorry? It’s also not very nice to say you hate someone. You know Daddy loves you and so do I.” Steve asked sternly. Indy nodded.
“And if they see you flying in they could kill him and cut their loss’s.” That brought Tony’s thoughts to an abrupt halt. “We already have people on the ground. Let them do their job and I will keep you updated.”
Steve stood and kissed Indy’s cheek before laying him down in the small toddler bed. He covered him with his blanket and made sure the llama was still in his grip. Then he followed Tony to their own bedroom.
A couple hours later Steve woke up to use the bathroom. He walked slowly through the hallway  in the dark, eyes half opened, when he passed the room Indy was in. The door was cracked and Steve had left a small lamp on to slightly illuminate the room in case the little boy got scared. He heard something from the room so he pushed the door open and stepped inside. Indy was laying on his side, curled up, sniffling softly.
“You can,” Steve hurried. “I live on this floor with Tony now but I had a whole set of rooms to myself. All the Avengers do. You can have mine. You can set it up however you want. Make a home there. It’s right below here.” Steve looked at his friend hopefully. “And it’s safe, Bucky. So you wouldn’t have to worry.”
“Oh, baby, come here.” Tony pulled him out of his blanket cocoon and onto his lap, hugging him close. Indy grabbed onto Tony’s shirt in two fists as he cried harder. Tony ran his hand through Indy’s hair as he felt his shirt getting damp from the boys tears. “I love you so much, sweetheart. Calm down, it’s okay. I need you to listen because this is really, really important.” He pushed Indy back a little so he could see his face. Indy gasped in a stuttering breath as he tried to stop crying. Tony wiped the boys tears with his thumbs. “ I know I’ve spent all my time with the baby since we got back but that’s only because she’s so little she needs a lot of care right now. But you, Indy, you’re my son. Nothing will ever change that. I love you more than anything in the whole world.” Tony kissed his forehead.
"You would have be an Avenger again," Tony answered and Steve started to interrupt but Tony put his hands up quickly. "The Accords we're amended months ago. I think even you would agree with them now but I can get you a full copy to review. They were always amendable, we just needed to get to a place where we could change what we wanted. If you don't oppose them, we would be a team again." Bucky didn't miss the strain of hope in Tony's voice and he was pretty sure Steve caught it too.
“It’s a holiday. Another first with this little peanut so we’re not gonna waste it sleeping. Sleep is for the weak,” he jostled Indy’s hand in his.
“I asked her if she could come over at noon tomorrow and watch Luca for a couple hours.” Tony stiffened and Steve felt and heard his sharp intake of breath.
"Maybe pack some extra underwear," Steve added. "In case you go fall in the water or get them dirty,"
Peter rolled his eyes, letting himself be pulled into Tony's chest for a hug before he was lead out of his room. They were never going to let go of keeping Santa alive. No matter how many times Peter protested that
the costume, Pete. I can't imagine how happy everyone's gonna be with a Peter Clown running around,"
The twelve year old nodded in return, knowing that right now, they were alive and well. But it still hurt to watch what had happened. Peter had watched it all unfold live, his heart hammering away in his chest and his stomach churning in worry. It was like this every time the Avengers responded to a huge attack. Yes, they had survived battles in the past and they were ready for this and they had each other's backs.
Tony tipped the empty cup of coffee up to his lips, hoping there would be more inside. He needed more energy. He was completely drained. The sun was going down and so was Tony's motivation. They had been here all day and had gone on all the rides they could - with Peter, at least -  and the little boy refused to give in to his own exhaustion.
Peter sat on the chair in the optometrist exam room, a frown on his lips and sad tears welling up in his eyes. The sight broke both Steve and Tony's heart. The idea of their son being upset was painful, but seeing the absolutely miserable pout sticking out from his lip was killing them. Peter was good at that pout, too.
But a few days later, Peter had his glasses. Thin, black, circular rims on his tiny little face. Steve couldn't help grinning every time he caught a glimpse of his son. Especially when they were on their way to school and Peter had his hair brushed back, an excited smile on his lips.
"Really," Steve winked, pressing a kiss to his husbands cheek as they made it to the kitchen. "Come get the hot chocolate before we head in,"
"He would if you keep calling him an old man," his father countered. "Anyway, why were you awake at two? Christmas Eve is for sleeping,"
Steve knew what was happening immediately. It was as if he was living a snapshot of his own childhood.
had a really long night," Peter laughed. "I could hear the old man himself watching a movie at two this morning,"
But Peter was a good kid. He was the best kid. There was no other little boy out there who was kinder, sweeter or more loving. Peter deserved everything he could ever want, he deserved a childhood filled with everything that any other kid would have. He deserved to be able to go to the park and get ice-cream and have a part in the school play in front of all the other families. So when Peter asked for something that every other child inevitably asks for at some point, his parents know they can't refuse.
Steve smiled, pulling Peter into his arms and letting the boy cling to him knowing he wouldn't be letting them go down to medbay without him.
"Well, I'm glad he's getting a nap now," Steve yawned, leading them to their car with an armful of bags. "The kitchen's gonna be a mess this afternoon,"
The party was in full swing when they arrived as a group, dispersing among the crowd. Peter spotted his friends over by the candy and began to take off, only to be pulled back gently by Steve. He whispered into his son's ear, a soft reminder of being sensible with the candy and not making himself sick like last year. Steve knew his warning was mostly useless.
Tony nudged Bucky’s thigh with his own foot that he had pulled up next to him on the sofa. He did it roughly so Bucky’s body jostled but it had the desired affect and his eyes snapped to Tony’s. “You’re family,” Tony told him, holding the eye contact. “We all are. There’s nothing wrong with you staying here with us. We have more than enough space and we like having you guys around. Indy loves it,” Tony added.
“No, wait,” Tony gasped out. “Sit. Hold him for a second, just don’t go anywhere, stay right there with him,” Tony said urgently, passing Luca to him. Steve watched, eyes narrowed, unsure where this was going. But once Luca was safely seated on Peter’s lap Tony dropped to his knees in front of Steve. Steve gasped.
“He said his tummy hurt but I could tell something else was bothering him so I told him he could tell me anything and eventually he said that he was scared you-,” Steve paused, worried about what he had to say to Tony. “He’s worried that you like the baby more than him. That you don’t wanna be his dad anymore.”
Tony stepped up to Bucky finally, about a foot away from where he sat on the stool, metal arm resting on the table. "Are you gonna try to kill me if I touch your arm?" Tony tried to say jokingly to ease his own anxiety.
“You have your phone with you? Take a picture?” Steve said. Tony shook his head but did it anyway. “Let’s just go to bed, I don’t wanna wake either of them.”
“Auntie Pepper is going to tell you when to walk down the aisle, okay? Just like we practiced.” He leaned forward and kissed Indy’s forehead, then stood, nodded at Pepper and walked up to Steve to stand at his side. “You look like you’re gonna pass out, punk. You gonna make it?”
Tony smiled at that, wiping the tears off his face. “Jarvis,” Tony said to himself while nodding. “Stay with ‘Teev and Bucky?”
“Not Barnes,” Tony agreed. “Steve’s.” He looked up at his partner who was staring at him dumbfounded. “It’s your kid, Steve. Biologically, anyway.”
Tony smiled sadly. “Yeah, sweetheart. I love her because she’s cute and she’s a sweet baby and she needs all of us to help take care of her right? But she’s not mine. You’re my baby. Me and Papa love you so much. Being your dad is the best and I will never ever give that up. I’m sorry that I made you feel sad, though. Maybe we can spend the rest of the night together here, huh? We’ll watch this movie and cuddle?” Indy nodded quickly. “Okay,” Tony gave him another kiss, on top of his head this time, and then put him back on the bed. “I’m going to go get your snack and talk to Papa I’ll be right back, okay Peanut?”
“Yeah,” Steve sighed. He leaned forward kissing Indy’s head and gripping Bucky’s shoulder for a second. “You go back upstairs with Bucky and relax, okay? Daddy and I will be home in a little bit.”  Indy nodded, but didn’t remove himself from his spot against Bucky.
“Buppy, surprise!” He turned around and quickly held out a large chocolate bar. Bucky smiled and took the candy. In big red letters on the wrapper it said ‘I LOVE YOU.’  Indy pointed to it in case Bucky didn’t see. “‘Cause I bit you,” he explained. Bucky huffed a laugh. Steve’s eyes narrowed.
“Uh-huh, sure. Well, super soldier #2 is going to help you out then, you can put all your weight on him.”
Steve looked at the teen next to him and put his arm out. Peter scooted closer and leaned into his side and Steve put his arm down around the boy and gripped his bicep with his hand where it rested. “Thanks, Pete. I’m okay, but it means a lot that you’re trying to help. I’m glad you’re here.”
“Steve, hey,” she returned happily. She came out from behind her desk and gave him a quick hug. “Is everything okay? I didn’t expect to see either of you so soon.”
“Yeah, kitty.” He tucked the stuffed animal under his arm and turned back to the table. There was a small amount of heart shaped candy as a treat and a new coloring book and crayons. Indy was bouncing on his toes as he looked through the book.  Steve grabbed him around the waist and plopped him onto his lap.
“Da?” Indy called. That got more of a reaction. Tony opened his eyes a little to peek at the source of the voice.
“It’s fine. I just wanna lay here with you and our son.” Steve scooted closer, kissing Tony again over Indy’s head, then settling beside them, using Tony’s shoulder as his pillow.
“Yeah, all three of us can spend the rest of the day together, okay?” Steve chimed in. Indy smiled. “First, we have to get you changed. There’s smoothie all over you.” Steve poked his shirt.
Bucky’s phone buzzed and he grabbed it and opened the new text from Natasha. It was a selfie of her and Poppy sitting outside in one of the chairs setup for the guests, Poppy on her lap and smiling at the camera while reaching out to grab it. Bucky smiled down at the photo and saved it to his picture folder. “Wanna send Auntie Natasha a picture?” Bucky asked.
“I’m dirty,” Steve said, apropos of nothing. His eyes on his lap. There were wet wipes on the nightstand in the hospital toiletry kit so Tony grabbed them.
“Anyway, he was getting cranky at that and it was almost his nap time but I just had like ten more minutes worth of work so I left them to it. I look over a minute later and Indy is taking the smoothie I refused earlier from the bot and had it almost to his lips so I snapped at him and grabbed it. That’s why his shirts a mess, it spilled everywhere, but that was definitely more chemical then actual food. So he starts crying and telling me he wants it and going off and I told him just play for 5 more minutes and we can go upstairs and have a good snack.” Tony finally looked at Steve but Steve had a feeling he wasn’t going to like the end of this story.
“You are. This is exactly what I wanted tonight. I wanted you to eat a decent meal and get some rest. I just want you to take care of yourself, and when you can’t I just want you to let me help.” Steve turned Tony’s head to look up at him with a gentle hand on his chin. “You’re being such a good boy.” Tony’s breath caught and he closed his eyes against the emotion. “Hey, you don’t have to hide from me,” Steve said softly. Tony opened his eyes and met Steve’s clear blue ones.
I didn’t mention them but let’s pretend that Thor is off-world and Rhodey is working. (There will be a Rhodey appearance in a later chapter.)
They both dutifully reached out a hand, Steve’s to her forehead and Tony’s on her bare tummy, to see if she felt hot. Poppy squawked at the attention and Tony smiled. “You okay Poppy seed?” Tony asked. Bucky looked at him questioningly. “She’s a little warm,” Tony added. Steve nodded.
“Okay,” Steve agreed softly. Tony pulled out his phone and text Bucky to bring him in. They arrived a minute later so they must have been waiting for the okay to enter. Bucky carried him, once again wrapped in his blanket but when they entered the room Indy buried his face against Bucky’s neck.
Steve made eye contact with Tony over Indy’s head and really didn’t look okay. Tony stepped forward and placed one hand on Steve’s back and one on Indy’s. “Hey Munchkin, guess who came to see you before your appointment?”
“Thank you. This is perfect, I love you too. And don’t worry about happened earlier, okay?” Bucky kissed his forehead and Indy went back to the bag.
Tony shook his head and laughed. "Okay, well, pause it. I need you to try this on." He held the arm out to Bucky who took it gratefully, snapping it back into place. "Flex your fingers, bend your wrist."
“Look at you being a good dad, huh?” She smiled down at him and smiled back trying to blink back tears.
“Can I just see them? Before I go?” The teen asked nervously. Steve stepped back out of the doorway.
"I could eat," he shrugged. Steve clapped his hands together, thankful to have a task to set out and complete.
Steve looked down at Luca who had woken up just a few minutes ago but looked wide awake and curious. “You’re gonna spend some time with your Auntie Pepper today, baby.” He ran a finger down his sons cheek and Luca made a squeaking sound in return. Steve smiled. “You’re gonna have a good time, I promise. And Daddy and Papa will be right here if you need us, okay? Okay.” Steve answered his own question and headed to the bedroom where Tony was changing. He sat on the end of their bed, watching Tony as he picked out some new clothes for the day.
He’d said it already but every moment they had with Indy, Steve couldn’t help but be beyond grateful, so he leaned down and kissed the top of his sons head with a whispered “Happy Valentine’s Day, Indy.”
Bucky pulled her back a little to look at her. “I’m right here, sweetheart. You were so good for Happy, huh? I’m here now.” He kissed her and swayed to calm her down. “You’re going to wake up Tony if you keep this up,” he said, pressing his lips against her temple.
Bucky looked up at the two men who shrugged leaving the decision to him. “Okay, buddy. I’ll come too.” Satisfied with that answer he let go and ran to Steve with his arms up.
“It won’t,” Tony agreed, although they both knew he didn’t have much control over that promise. “We love you, too.”
“Tony,” Bucky said softly. “He thinks you and Indy were killed. Obviously I told him you weren’t and that he’d see you soon but, like I said, he’s a mess.”
“Kitty!” He exclaimed, holding it up by one ear to show his parents. They sat behind him on the sofa.
“Okay, time for everyone to get some rest,” Tony announced. “Especially you,” he said pointedly to Steve. Steve hummed in agreement, eyes already closing, cheek against Tony’s shoulder.
"Wasn't mine to throw away," Tony answered simply. Tony was clearly uncomfortable and Bucky felt a pang of sadness for him. Tony grabbed the bowl of food, more for something to do with his hands than wanting to eat it. He gave it a stir and took a large bite. "This is fucking amazing," he said after he swallowed.
Steve wrapped one arm around Tonys back and one hand came up to the back of his neck, scratching at the short hair there. “He was nervous. But he wasn’t crying.”
Tony hummed in agreement around his mouthful. "I want more," he muttered around a mouthful of noodles, holding his bowl out. Bucky laughed but Steve stood up immediately grabbing the serving bowl.
"It's my AI," Tony said, while gathering some tools. "Artificial intelligence," he added at Bucky's bewildered look. "She basically runs the place. And me," he added as an afterthought.
“Okay, mom,” Steve teased, earning himself a soft swat on the back of his head as Bucky passed by him. “Have you given him chicken noodle soup before?”
Steve scooped a little broth onto the spoon and held it in front of Indy. “Try some of this, see if you like it.” Indy leaned forward, mouth open comically wide, then loudly tried to slurp the liquid into his mouth. Half of it ran down his chin. Steve chuckled, wiping at him with a napkin. “What do you think? Taste good?” Indy nodded enthusiastically and Steve kissed the top of his head. “Good.” He scooped a carrot and a noodle on the spoon this time and held it up to Indy who took it immediately. “Chew good, baby.”
“Oh my God. Tony, you should have ice on that.” He stood quickly, went the fridge in the corner of the workshop and grabbed an ice pack out of the freezer. He wrapped it in a dish towel and brought it back, handing it to his boyfriend. “This is really bad,” Steve muttered.
“Yeah,” Clint chimed in from where he was standing off to the side, watching the livestream. “That kids a Stark and a Rogers so he’s not going get taken down by these assholes. Tony gets to hold him at least, that’ll comfort him some and as for the food, once he’s back you’ll more than make up for it.” Clint approached Steve and rested a hand on his shoulder. “We are going to get them back, Cap.” Steve nodded and patted Clint’s hand where it rested.
“It’s fine, if you need anything else let me know.” He walked in and up to where Indy was sitting at the end of the bed. “Goodnight, see you in the morning,” Bucky told him softly, kissing the top of his head.
“Good morning,” Steve said in all seriousness. Tony squinted at him, alarmed, until Steve broke into a grin and laughed. “I’m kidding, it’s only been twenty minutes.” Tony huffed, folding his arms over his chest, but Steve knew he wasn’t really mad and even if he had been the effect was lost since he was in his lap cocooned in a blanket with his hair a mess. “How do you feel?”
“Oh,” Steve breathed, relaxing a little. Tony slid off the edge of the bed on to the floor in front of Steve.
Tony bit back a sob but had to bury his face in his hands, elbows braced on his knees. Tony said something into his hands that was too muffled for Steve to make out.
“Da!” Indy replied, excitedly pointing to the soft antlers sticking out from the top of his light brown fuzzy hoodie.
Tony quickly finished wiping down his abdomen and dried it with the clean part of his discarded shirt then held his hands out. “Come here, baby girl.” She reached her arms out immediately and Steve put her closer to Tony, smiling softly at how much she loved Tony already. Tony held her to his chest and she snuggled in, curling up small against him within her blanket. She started sucking her thumb as Tony patted her gently to calm her down. “Are you happy, Sweet Pea? Now neither of us have clothes on,” he whispered. Steve laughed at him.
Bucky nodded. “I bought it just for you. Remember your llama story?”  Indy nodded. “Okay then look in the bag.” He tilted it so Indy could reach in, which he did and slowly pulled the small toy from the bag. Indy gasped quietly.
“You do not have to apologize for this,” Steve said sternly. Once Tony was dry Steve helped him step into his boxer briefs and then towel dried his hair more so it wouldn’t drip. Tony shivered and sniffled and Steve stopped to look at him.
She stepped over to Luca and picked him up roughly, gripping hard under his arms, barely supporting anything, and he flailed. She pressed him haphazardly against Tony’s chest and let go quickly. Tony barely had a handle on him with one arm and the baby’s wiggling.
The meal passed in silence aside from the occasional clink of metal from Tony who continued to work. In a sudden move he dropped his tools on the counter and whirled around on the stool. "Did you bring your overnight bags? Pajamas and toothbrushes and all that?"
“‘Teev?” Tony pulled his head back as much as he could within his sweatshirt cocoon to look at Bucky.
Where they ended up however was not even the lab, because Steve couldn’t refuse Tony when he gave him a sad look, they ended up in their bedroom. Tony laying down with a new IV in and Steve sitting on his side of the bed with Luca in his lap. Bruce was in and out checking on them.
“I see, baby,” Tony replied dutifully, not really knowing what he was trying to say about them. The doorbell rang and Steve stood up.
“Why don’t we go sit on the sofa? You’re shaking, Bubba.” Tony nodded and leaned more heavily into Steve’s chest. “Can I carry you?” Tony lifted his arms and looped them around Steve’s neck in answer. Steve was going for a bridal carry, he crouched a little so he could sweep one arm under Tony’s legs and one behind his back but once Steve had leaned down a little Tony hoisted himself up and wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist so that they were chest to chest. Steve brought his hands to Tony’s thighs to support him and smiled. Steve was more than willing to accommodate his husband if he wanted to be clingy for a bit. He walked them to the kitchen first, grabbing a single serve bottle of orange juice and carrying that back with them to the sofa.
"You're not like, confined to this room or anything, in case you thought that." Tony looked at them and Bucky smirked. He quickly went back down to his workshop.
“Hi,” Tony added. “But seriously, I’ve got everything we need to make it look like he was just a baby born in a normal way, birth certificate, social security number, everything.” He laid the papers out on the counter as he spoke.
Bucky nodded. “I just wanted to go somewhere quiet where they wouldn’t find me. Turns out I basically walked straight into Hydra but,” he paused, gesturing to the boy. “Least I got him out.”
“Okay,” Bucky said suddenly as he stood, “ I’m going to let you guys have your mushy Christmas feels while I go get my daughter before she sleeps the day away.” Steve and Tony chuckled but Indy gasped.
He found a nurse who found a doctor who told him briefly what he had explained to Steve. Basically, they needed to operate near the reactor but it was risky. Not doing the surgery wasn’t really an option either though. They needed consent. He went back to Steve. “It sounds like they need to do this , Stevie. But, is there someone else that can help with this decision? Pepper, maybe?”
“Yup, still a 2,” Steve proclaimed. “That’s the size Bucky had for him anyway,” Steve added, looking at the tag in the old pants. Tony stayed quiet, as he did whenever Steve mentioned Bucky, even in passing. Steve switched the pants back and Tony helped Indy sit down again. Steve grabbed a couple pairs of sweatpants and a couple pairs of jeans. “Okay, what do you have in your pile?”
Steve hugged him. “I know. Just keep us updated with what happens on screen. We’ll be home before you know it.” Peter nodded against his chest. “Thank you,” Steve whispered, grateful that Peter wasn’t going to fight more.
Tony smirked but stood up and headed to Indy’s room. The door was open slightly so he poked his head in. “Hey Darling, you didn’t get very far.”
"Okay. Good...Great." Tony stood and offered a handshake to Bucky who took it excitedly. Steve's handshake or any contact at all was a longer time coming and felt monumental. He held it out to him and was proud to see it held steady. Steve grasped the offered hand and looked genuinely happy. He tugged a little towards himself and put his other arm out in a silent question but not forcing it. Tony rolled his eyes and closed the distance, letting their hands fall apart and bringing both up around Steve's back. Steve clapped him once on the back and then held on. Tony felt him shake a little and figured he might be crying. He let him have the moment and didn't pull away.
“Yup, all ready for our Poppy seed.” Tony dragged it to a stop in front of where Steve and Bucky were sitting. “Test it out.”
“Merry Christmas, pal. You wanna say Merry Christmas to Uncle Steve? Hmm?” Bucky bounced Poppy in his arms and she giggled. Steve reached out and took her into his arms.
The money had been transferred smoothly on the second day when Tony’s captors sent a link to an off-shore bank account in which JARVIS could deposit the 5 million dollars, even though Steve was reluctant to give them anything while they still had his husband and son.
“We’ll start there, see what happens,” Tony told the other two men. Bucky nodded but looked like he was definitely blaming himself. “We should never have let them go this long anyway, that’s on us. But if there’s a kid out there now we’ll find them.” Tony prodded Bucky’s knee with his toes til the man on the floor looked up at him and Tony nodded keeping eye contact until Bucky nodded back tentatively.
“Sounds good. I’ll see you then.” Pepper gave him another quick hug and Steve headed back to their floor. He entered the bedroom and found Tony curled on his side facing away from Steve. He climbed onto his side of the bed and laid on his back, careful not to jostle Tony.
“What? Tony you didn’t do anything wrong. I’m the one who’s sorry, okay? I wasn’t trying to hurt you.”
If there’s any tags you can think of that I didn’t use please let me know! I can never think of them when I need to ;)
“Sounds good, but only if I can make the cocoa,” Tony said as he stood up. “None of that out of the packet nonsense.”
“Tony?” Steve questioned, sitting up straighter, on alert. Tony’s head whipped up to look at Steve and then to Bucky where he held his gaze.
“Boy,” Indy replied after some consideration. Bucky put the other one back on the shelf and then stood up. “Okay, let’s go pay and then you can have your baby.”
Indy reached out, grabbed a chunk of banana, and stuffed it messily into his mouth. Tony smirked. “Good, you eat that I’ll be right here if you need me.” He gestured to his setup of monitors. “J, put an age appropriate cartoon on the TV for the munchkin, will you?”
Steve gasped. He rushed forward and Tony blinked in disbelief at the new occupants of the room. His hold on Luca had tightened but as soon as he focused on Steve’s face he burst into tears.
Tony reached out and let Poppy hold his finger. She grabbed it and bounced her arms up and down, babbling the whole time. “You’re not tired at all are you?” Tony asked.
“Yes it is!” Bucky yelled, standing now. “I’m a murderer. I mean, I can’t even count the amount of bad things that I’ve done in my life and by some miracle I got away from Hydra and life’s been good here but that doesn’t mean I can raise a daughter.” He had lost his fight towards the end, exhausted, and slumped back on to the sofa next to Steve.
“Okay, I think,” Tony sighed. “I’m gonna lay with him while he watches the movie I’m just getting him some ginger ale and crackers.” He gestured to the kitchen.
“Good, that’s good.” Clint could practically feel the worry rolling off of Tony so he decided to distract Indy instead.
Steve shrugged. “He won’t be thrilled at first but you’re not leaving the building with him and there’s no one he’d trust more with him, other than me, than you. Can you come by around noon? He’ll just have woken up from his nap and eaten so he’ll be good to go for a little bit.”
“I think I’m going to lay down with her awhile to make sure she’s okay and I’ll just read for a bit. Thanks though. You guys can have the night to yourself,” Bucky answered.
Peter had been visiting for the day. He loved spending time with Luca, and with Tony away on a business trip Steve was glad for the company. Luca adored when Peter held him and played with him and Steve could use the time to get some things done.  Currently, he’s using his time to take a shower.
“All right, Bucky. I’m going to help him get dressed, can you take Indy to the waiting room and we’ll meet you in a few minutes?” Bucky agreed and gently bundled Indy and his blanket into his arms without waking him and left the room. Tony helped Steve swing his legs off the side off the bed but kept him sitting. Tony cupped his boyfriends face with his hands. “You don’t know how relieved I am that you’re here. And that I get to take you home.” He pressed a gentle kiss to his forehead and held him there for a minute, collecting himself.
Bucky hissed in pain when he bent his wrist back at a certain angle. "What happened there?" Tony asked.
Bucky ended the call and headed back to Tony’s room. “Happy’s on his way,” he told Steve who was holding Tony’s hand as it rested on Indy who was still curled against the man in the hospital bed.
Pepper smiled, glancing at Tony’s face that looked so peaceful in sleep. “I’m sorry you’ll have to wake him.”
“The money they want is no problem, the rest we have to work with Shield but we’re getting them back, Peter,” he said confidently, even if he wasn’t feeling it at the moment. Peter nodded.  “They’re on the screen if you want to see.” Steve nodded in that direction. Peter turned and gasped. He walked closer and watched as Tony sat with Luca sitting in his lap facing him cuddled against his stomach. Steve walked up behind Peter and put an arm around him and the teen turned quickly and buried his face in Steve’s shirt. He was quiet but Steve could feel the tears wetting his shirt. He kissed the top of his head. “We’re getting them back, no matter what we have to do. I promise that.”
“Okay, Bambino, we can do this,” he whispered. Once Luca’s head was close to Tony’s nipple he latched on quickly. “I know you can’t understand this but drink as much as you can, sweetheart. It’s gotta hold you awhile.” He rubbed his thumb back and forth on the little boys thigh, the only comfort he could offer while the rest of his hand and arm held him up. Luca’s drinking slowed as he grew tired and eyes began to close. Tony bounced him in his arm quickly because he didn’t have the luxury of napping yet, he had to drink more. The boy gurgled but began to suckle again and Tony sighed in relief.
“I don’t care what your rules say. You get the man that they want and have him ready or I’ll go in there and get him myself.”
“It’s not dumb at all after what you just went through. I just thought I’d give you guys some family time but if you want me to hang around,” he shrugged. Indy, who was watching him speak, patted the bed next to him in invitation. Bucky laughed. “I’ll stay in the room but I’m declining that invitation, kiddo. There’s no room for me there.” He bent down to kiss Indy’s head quickly then pulled a chair over next to the bed and sat there instead, kicking his feet up onto the end of Steve’s bed.
“Okay?” Tony returned his attention to Steve. “When we get the list we’ll go over it, figure something out. Good?”
She straightened up and clapped her hands once. “Okay, here we go.” She gestured to the man to come over. He stood a couple feet away from them and began recording.
“I’m going to change before Pepper gets here,” he said, vaguely gesturing to his clothes which had various baby related stains on them. Steve leaned in quick to kiss Tony before he left, gaining a small smile from him and counting that as a success.
“I want to, but, do you think he’ll be scared? Seeing me like this?” Steve looked gutted at the possibility of Tony agreeing with him and putting a stop to it.
“Rude. Don’t listen to him I’d never steal from you because we’re best friends, right?”  Indy nodded enthusiastically while he chewed a big bite of waffle and syrup.
“Hey buddy,” he said to Indy sounding carefree and normal. Indy looked over but was still pressed into Tony’s chest. “You’re gonna hang out with Bucky for a little while so I can talk to Tony, okay?” He put his hands out to pick him up but Tony didn’t let him go. “Tony, hey.” Steve put his hand on top of Tony’s head scratching lightly through his hair. “Let me take him.” He gasped for air slightly but released his hold. Steve picked up his son just as Bucky had made it to the entrance of the workshop. “Did JARVIS explain?” Steve asked.
“Buddy, it’s just Steve. He came for us,” Bucky explained. “We can go home.” Steve was watching this exchange with confusion, giving Bucky a questioning look when the other man glanced up at him. “Tony here,” Bucky said pointedly, “knew Captain America would come. Right?” Steve’s eyes widened hearing him call the boy Tony. The boy sat up a little, looking over at Steve as if making sure it was really him. Bucky took the chance at the boy angled away from him to adjust the kids shirt so Steve caught a glimpse of the reactor. Steve gasped but, to his credit, composed himself quickly.
Steve came over with Indy’s small blue bowl filled with oatmeal and the matching blue plastic spoon. “You excited about seeing everyone, baby?”
“I, very nicely I think, reprimanded him for waking people up by hitting them in the face.” Steve looked confused. “The morning you left him in our bed before your mission he did it to me and this morning he did it to Bucky which startled Bucky into jumping out of the bed which in turn scared Indy. Bucky came and got me and I told Indy that he had to stop hitting because it wasn’t nice and to say sorry, which he did. That’s all.” Tony shrugged. “Then JARVIS called me and told me you needed me so I left him with Bucky.” Tony approached the pair and stepped up behind Steve because Indy had his chin on Steve’s shoulder looking behind him. “I told you everything was okay now, didn’t I? Why are you upset?”
Bruce sighed. “Well, he’ll be okay technically for a few days although he will obviously be hungry and he’s going to cry for more, but babies lose weight pretty rapidly so that’s a concern.”
Clint and Natasha left and Steve resumed his spot on the sofa, nodding off here and there for seconds but always waking himself back up to watch. At 4 am Peter came out of the bedroom and rejoined him.
“It’s usually not this easy.” Clint stepped forward and pushed it further, waiting for booby traps. The door opened wide and they could see Tony in the center of the room.
“Hey Peanut,” he whispered, crouching down next to Indy who was putting a flower petal next to Clint’s foot. “We’re gonna be here all day at this rate.” Indy looked up at Tony then at his basket.
Tony carefully turned the door handle, snuck in, retrieved the backpack, and returned to the hallway quickly and without incident. “J, when Bucky wakes up tell him his backpack is right outside his door and tell him why.”
“Right now. Where is he? You came down here, you probably told him what to do. So, what?” Tony spat angrily.
“I mean it, Tony. Thank you. For taking such good care of Indy. For trying to get along with Bucky. And for taking care of me, too. I love you.”
Tony returned after a rather large disagreement with the doctor with forms for Steve to sign to be released against medical advice.
“I mean, do you care? Because as much as I don’t want to reward bad behavior I’m like five seconds away from buying him one because he really want’s a baby. So... do you or Stark care?”
“Of course,” Steve answered anyway, fixing the blanket so it covering just Tony now. “Tired, sweetheart?” Tony shook his head against Steve’s thighs.
Tony sighed. “You’re not a prisoner. You can talk to Steve. You can leave his rooms.” Tony looked to Steve who looked pleased that he spoke up. “We’re not friends,” Tony added harshly. “But, you can answer Steve’s questions if you want to.”
“You can give him his present, but listen. He might be very tired. He just had surgery and he needs lots of rest and we have to be very, very gentle with him Okay?” Indy nodded. “And there might be some machines around him but that’s all to make him feel better so you don’t have to be scared, but if you are you tell me or Bucky okay. We’ll be right there.” Indy nodded but now he looked nervous.
“You’re getting that for sure,” Steve assured him again.  “But you need a bunch of other stuff, too,” he reasoned.
“Night, Buppy.” Indy waved to Bucky as Bucky nodded to Tony and Steve and left the room. Steve picked the boy up off the bed.
“Thank you, Pepper. Both of you. I know you’d be here for Tony no matter what but I’m grateful you’re here,” Steve told him sincerely. Pepper stepped forward and kissed the top of his head.
“Stevie,” Bucky answered, stepping away from where Indy was watching cartoons. “What’s wrong? Are you okay?”
“I brought you some warm milk. You want some? Maybe Papa will read you a story while you have a drink and you can calm down a little, hmm?”
“That’s our good boy. Such a good boy for Papa.” Steve turned him around so Tony could see him again but he was blinking heavily now, ready to nap. Tony smiled at him.
“Not upset,” he mumbled, even as Steve could see the tears he was blinking back. He brought his hand up to cup the side of Tony’s face and swiped a tear away with his thumb.
