Mycroft was a force to be reckoned with, even without his ability to see Wesen. Not that a Holmes really needed that, there were other ways to tell who was a Wesen and who was not, it was the type that took a bit more work to figure out. That was the part of the puzzle Sherlock enjoyed most.
Both men shared a look before Travis returned to the register and the other man left with a muttered “indeed.”.
John surged to his feet and lurched towards the tiny bathroom attached to his room and promptly threw up. Head swimming, stomach churning, breathing laboured and leg throbbing John stayed on the cool tiles, yellowed and cracked from years of use, until his stomach was empty and head slowly began to clear. Once the images cleared as much as they were going to and his shaking had settled enough that he could struggle to his feet John flushed the toilet and limped shakily to the sink. Running the water John rinsed out his mouth and washed his face, refusing to look in the mirror as he knew what he would see.
Sherlock continued to watch as more contestants tried their hand against the Soldier, each playing dirtier than the last all hoping the man would tire by the time it was their turn but clearly, he had stamina as well as strength on his side. Something Sherlock would need to keep in mind. The woman at Sherlock’s feet had eventually crawled her way to a more responsive Dominant and fallen asleep in the other female’s lap as her ‘fur’ was stroked fondly. The new Dominant was not her usual partner, but they were well acquainted and seemed to be less of a threat to her usual partner than a stranger. Sherlock didn’t much care, but he also didn’t desire to participate in a brawl over anyone tonight if he could help it.
So when Sherlock appeared in the shadows and began to distract the members of the Black Lotus Tong, John could finally feel his chest relax a touch. Unlike many other Wesen, John’s eyesight was perfect in the darkness and so he saw Sherlock appear out of nowhere with a flourish of his coat and begin to wreak havoc as only a Grimm, or perhaps as only a Holmes, could. Though John didn’t spare him a second thought as he watched General Shan lurch towards the arrow while Sherlock was fighting with one of her men, John Woged and felt the chains binding him warp and fall away from his wrists and ankles. He didn’t wait for them however, he was already moving with an enraged roar as he threw the soldiers who tried to rush him out of his way and threw himself towards Sarah as the arrow hurtled towards her. John only knew he’d succeeded when he felt the burning sensation in his right side, the beast within him howled but the soldier in John stamped it down and focused instead on the danger at hand. Freeing and protecting Sarah was his number one priority, Sherlock could take care of himself… though perhaps not if the way he was being strangled with a silk cord was anything to go by.
“No.” It was a simply answer but it spoke volumes to John and triggered an instinctive response in the Doctor.
For a moment Sherlock thought the guttural growl he heard came from his own throat, but he soon realised it was in fact from Joe, a warning to the dominant to back away. A warning that was not headed as the other man growled back and came in close trying to physically intimidate Sherlock’s soldier. Joe did not back down, his eyes locked with the dominant he sent out another growl, baring his teeth in a display of primal aggression and Sherlock felt something within him quiver. As the dominant struck out in an attempt to grab Joe by the jugular, force him to submit, the soldier swiped his arm away and cut his legs out from underneath him the moment his balance shifted. Suddenly the dominant was on the floor, Joe on top of him with a knee in the centre of his back. The Den was silent as the soldier pinned their Alpha. Sherlock felt the smug smirk settle onto his lips even as the Alpha lifted his knee and managed to force Joe off his back in surprise. Suddenly the battle had begun, and it had nothing on the wrestling Sherlock had previously seen from Joe, that was like child’s play compared to this.
“Not at all, I have simply discovered that this is a waste of time. Your Miss Adler appears to have no interest in attending these miserable establishments as I have yet to see her even once, something I’m sure your minions have not failed to inform you. I believe it is time to re-evaluate your plan.” Sherlock began to play a slow melody on his violin, his mind reliving his moments at the club and the information he’d gathered looking for clues he might have missed.
Despite being a standing restraint Club rules dictated he could keep the Soldier longer in this room as long as his joints weren’t put under excessive pressure and there was limited risk of circulation problems.
Sherlock kept his expression cool and blank, even as warm nearly naked bodies surrounded him, but within him his mind was reeling as he wondered just what he’d agreed to.
A long drawn out sigh, as though the thought of explaining thing were physically painful came from the young man, his name tag declaring him to be Travis though the name didn’t fit him at all…
“I Will see you tomorrow.” And even as Sherlock felt himself nod the pressure and heat of the other’s body was gone. The detective wobbled and fell fully against the wall behind, only thinking to open his eyes after a long, groggy moment and finding the dark hallway empty.
Sherlock looked around the dimly lit room at the collection of people around him and marvelled at the influx of unprecedented data, for now he stayed in the background collecting his information, but the entire dynamic confused him. Scattered around this rather elite establishment were men and women of London, of whom Sherlock could tell you any number of banal things, and yet not one of them he would have previously connected to this place. Yet they looked more comfortable and relaxed than they had any right to be as they swanned about in lace, lycra, leather and little much else.
“We only have almond milk” He repeated as though John was particularly dense, rolling his elegant grey blue eyes in the process.
John plastered on a professional smile and strode to the door. “All done Detective Holmes, until next time.”
“Oh… well that’s different.” John spoke aloud before shaking himself from his stupor to resume his work, he supposed he had said he would meet the man outside of work if he practiced better self-care… John just hadn’t expected Sherlock to take the jibe sincerely.
John ripped the bonds from Sarah, caressed her cheek gently as he looked into her terrified eyes and whispered to her, “Run.”
The man pulled away before Sherlock could do more than process the fact that he was being kissed, gave another lopsided grin, winked his definitely blue eye and strutted out of the room looking thoroughly satisfied.
On the outside the building was completely non-descript, painted the same uneventful beige as its neighbour with nothing to recommend it but the stark ‘24’ on the outside marking it’s street number. To enter one needed to pass through the side reception, show your membership, change into appropriate attire and mask, stow any unnecessary belongings in the coat room before following the winding corridors to the rooms beyond. The ‘grand foyer’ so to speak was a large open space were majority of the crowd milled and socialised, it was also where one found the bar. The inside of the building was painted a predictable black but each night the decorations would be changed to match some predetermined theme that Sherlock didn’t bother to discover. There were chairs, tables and lounge suites placed sporadically around more interesting furniture. The only ones Sherlock could name for sure where the stocks, cages and the four-poster bed, the rest seemed custom made and for particular purpose. Everything was connected to ropes and chains, cuffs, gags and blindfolds, and rarely were any not in use. Where there wasn’t a table, chair or footstool available one was created using the smooth naked back of an obliging Submissive; where one needed restraints or implements with which to torture some poor sod there was a devious Dominant happy to assist for the benefit of an avid audience.
“You see the Yard are out of their depth, most have no idea that the link between the victims is that they were all Wesen and those that do are only getting in the way. That’s where you come in Doctor; I need an expert on Wesen medicine to assist me to try and figure out what drug they are using. So far it has successfully killed six that we are aware of, all different kinds of Wesen both prey and predator alike, we don’t know how they’re spreading it or even what it is to combat it. I would appreciate your expertise in this.”
It seemed the Soldier’s kink was impact, as the regulars of the club had commented to some new patrons as Sherlock had listened in. That once retrained a Dom would have their turn to make him call out for an hour, never more. Sherlock wasn’t sure what their prize would be, aside from their own pride, should they succeed but nor had he seen anyone try anything other than impact on the soldier.
“It’s been so long since your last visit, Captain.” She purred, making Sherlock realise that those at the club treated the soldier’s personas as two separate entities as. “I missed you so very much” she continues wiggling her hips against the man’s thigh and Sherlock cringed at the desperation in her voice. “Have you picked your partner for tonight yet?”
The soldier leaned in and brushed his lips to her ear, eyes stilled locked on Sherlock’s, and whispered something the Detective couldn’t make out but he watched the shiver run down the woman’s spine as she practically melted in his arms. He lifted one hand, the one closer to the detective, and threaded into her hair under the hair-tie right at the base of her skull. Sherlock watched the woman lean into the touch like a cat until the ‘Captain’s’ fingers suddenly clenched and pulled her head down and back exposing her neck to him. The female didn’t struggle, merely mewled in submission to his strength as he placed his lips over her thrumming pulse and bit down. The woman sucked in a loud breath and went still before her body started to shake with obvious desire, at that point the soldier practically threw her to the ground as he got to his feet. Her eyes when she looked up at him were glazed with lust.
John nodded mutely and was swept off to a restaurant Sherlock frequented, when he was in the mood to eat that is, and Sherlock did indeed brag about his past cases and mused aloud on his current one. It was fascinating to listen to the man speak, to be allowed the slighted glimpse of how such a brilliant mind works was a rare thing indeed. At least until Sherlock began to outline his intention to involve John in his latest case.
Suddenly Joe was in his space, strong fingers wrapped bruisingly around Sherlock’s wrist and he was being dragged somewhere. He did not know where and Sherlock could not make his brain think enough to care, all he could do was catalogue sensations. The pressure on his skin, the surprisingly pleasant smell of sweat, the heat radiating from those fingers burning his own flesh up until the moment he was spun around into a dark corner, hand around his own throat tight enough that Sherlock struggled to breathe but not enough that he could bring himself to fight it. Joe, despite being shorter than Sherlock, crowded him into that corner and somehow seemed more powerful as he leant in and with his free hand covered Sherlock’s eyes. The detective suddenly felt weak, he’d later blame it on the lack of oxygen, and felt himself sliding down the wall behind him until a very firm, very male weight settled against him to keep him where Joe wanted him. Abruptly the hand on his throat vanished and mere moments later is was buried viciously in his hair as he felt pressure against his lips. Joes was kissing him again but this, this was as brutal as the battle he had been in moments before. The soldier was fighting Sherlock for dominance and the detective could not think long enough to resist as his mouth was subdued, plundered, and conquered.
The doctor was so focused on rubbing his thigh, in an attempt to relax the muscle, that he jumped when a tea tray was gently placed on the table in front of him. John looked up and found himself under the scrutiny of piercing blue, bespectacled eyes. John looked at the strikingly attractive young man, and despite himself the surprised man could not help but blurt out the first words that came to his head.
Apart from the foyer there were specific rooms, each catering to its own kink, some which Sherlock could understand and others which left him with more questions than answers. Though he’d been asked to leave the medical ‘suite’ on his prior visit for correcting an acting Dominant on the correct use of certain implements much to their Submissive’s confused delight. That was when Sherlock realised that one was supposed to wait to be ‘invited’ before they stepped into ‘play’ or a ‘scene’ even if it was for their own good.
The doctor brushed his teeth quickly, trying to focus on the methodical and rhythmic action to try and sooth his thoughts but when that didn’t help he lumbered back to the bedroom to dress and leave his small room, the space feeling too confining and filled with haunting thoughts, dreams and memories. So John began to walk, limping down the stairs with the help of his cane and then down the foggy street, the chill soaking into his woollen jumper faster than he had expected, though he still preferred it to the suffocating heat of his time in Afghanistan or the memories which dogged his days and tormented his nights.
Sherlock did not wait for John’s response but swept out of the office as was his usual practice and left a stunned Physician in his wake.
This was brutal and violent as fists were thrown, nails were used as talons, teeth as fangs. They fought like beasts and Sherlock felt his breathing stop as he watched them. As he ached for something he could not explain at the show of pure power. Sherlock did not know how much time passed as neither gained ground on the other, only more injuries until the point where a dungeon mistress stepped in with a bucket of ice and ended the match.
Without being told the Soldier walked to the restraints and waited, standing patiently at ease. Sherlock smirked as he walked to the neck cuff and locked it around the man’s throat, allowing his fingers to brush the man’s skin as he locked the restraints in place. Sherlock noted that the man ran off an excessive amount of heat, though his breathing was perfectly measured and his muscles relaxed. With a quirk of his lips Sherlock ran his hand down one of the iron poles to the hand restrain and locked the soldier’s waiting wrist into it before repeating the exercise on the other side.
Sherlock and Mycroft agreed, a rare occurrence indeed, that it didn’t matter if the good Doctor had been taken to the camp or stalked his assailants. The fact was irrelevant. Neither had any doubt the John Watson was responsible for the retaliation attack on those who’d annihilated the medical camp, despite the official report stating the Doctor was too incapacitated due to the bullet wound and infection to do anything of the sort.
Officially ‘Captain Watson’ had been stationed in a medical encampment near the front lines, it was risky work, but he held his command well and treated both comrade and adversary without judgement. A well-respected soldier, with a reputation on both sides which kept him protected. At least for a while.
In a daze and walking for the sake of walking the doctor was quite surprised when he found himself passing that same little café from the day before. It was still early morning, but the store was open and John found himself wandering in with little thought. John’s own doctor had suggested regular exercise to help with his recovery and his mental health but doing so had his leg aching horribly in the damp chill. Shuffling into the warmth of the café John made his way to a table rather than directly to the counter to order, he figured he would go up once his leg warmed a little.
If there was one thing Sherlock Holmes, the world’s only Consulting Detective, was familiar with it was the masks people wore and how to break them down piece by piece. Take Detective Inspector Lestrade of Scotland Yard for example; he was the serious policeman, the fierce interrogator, the gentle shoulder for a victim to cry on, a dutiful husband to a less than dutiful ex-wife and a well-liked boss. DI Lestrade wore many masks and Sherlock enjoyed picking them to pieces if the man became too irritating, which happened often enough.
Still without saying a word Sherlock retrieved his riding crop from where he’d previously left it in anticipation of this moment. Allowing it to drift slowly up the man’s tanned and relatively unmarked back, tarnished by the scar of his wound but surprisingly not the beatings he’d received earlier through the week, and settle on his exposed neck before leaning in to whisper in the soldier’s exposed ear.
Overnight Sherlock became a regular to the Club, the Soldier did not always attend every night, but Sherlock didn’t want to miss an opportunity, besides his other daylight cases were inexplicably dull. At least this would provide some sport to his day and a challenge for his eager mind. Not to mention it would keep Mycroft off his case about dividing his attentions if he could see Sherlock putting in some effort, after all Holmes the younger had no doubt that without his usual video feeds his brother would have his own spies within the confines of the Club.
Though when he chose to enter a scene he was never denied, they all seemed intent on trying their hand to tame him.
With her mouth against his ear and her arms around his neck the bunny spoke in a low husky voice to the soldier, though even as he grabbed her pert arse his eyes trailed to Sherlock and a smirk lifted those sinful lips.
The heavy feeling settled again in Sherlock’s own chest as he watched the woman, practically boneless, melt into the ‘Captain’s’ arms. At that moment he could have done anything to the complacent bunny, and she would have gladly allowed it.
Not that D.I. Lestrade saw things that way, but then Sherlock was surprised the D.I. managed to solve any crimes with how incredibly dense to the obvious he was, one would think that the man would have clued on by now after 10 years of investigating Wesen related crime but alas not.
The silence of the room was finally broken by the whistle of air, the sharp smack of leather on flesh and an involuntary intake of air.
After the eighth match the Dungeon Mistress called an end as the ropes demonstration was ready to begin; the Soldier got to his feet, an attractive sheen of sweat covering his exposed flesh and his eyes locked with Sherlock’s. The detective couldn’t really be sure due to the dim lighting and the mask but if asked he’d say the man’s eyes were blue. A moment passed between them and Sherlock lifted a challenging brow before rising languidly to his own feet and leaving the room. This time Sherlock avoided the main rooms and followed the labyrinth of hallways to one of the lesser rooms, still public but less crowded. In this room, which Sherlock had reserved earlier, was a free-standing iron restrain. At each side of the room was a chain which ran from floor to ceiling where in passed through a ring before meeting in the middle of the room at a stock like hand and neck restrain, which he’d already adjusted for the Soldier’s height.
The Dominant was trying to restrain the Soldier from behind in an arm lock while his submissive straddled the soldier and was basically trying to distract him in any way he could. Teeth, claw like nails, flashes of skin, a well-placed grope, everything was fair play in this game. Sherlock watched with a slight twitch of his lips, and the female rubbing against his leg while purring, as the Soldier expertly twisted his hips and threw the submissive off him and used the momentum to break the Dominant’s hold on his arms, grab the man around the middle, lift him, drop him and pin him. All a testament to the Soldier’s flexibility and strength as the Dominant was almost twice his size and the Submissive not much smaller. The Submissive attempted to remove the Soldier from his Dom but merely ended up on top of his partner, both uselessly pinned under the Soldier until the Dungeon Mistress called the match over.
“We are not meeting in a professional sense, there is no need for formalities John.” John was surprised by how nice his name sounded coming from those perfectly moulded lips. “How do you feel about Italian?”
“No. It’s not a time I want to think back on.” John answered, turning to busy himself baking tea in the Grimm’s barely habitable kitchen.
Skin suddenly feeling chilled and raw without the Captain’s presence Sherlock shuddered and tried to pull himself together. It took far longer than it should have but once his feet were again stable beneath him Sherlock left the club, Irene Adler and his case could not have been further from his mind as he tried to preserve every sensation, every feeling, every moment of the last few hours so that he might relive them later and understand just what had happened and why he suddenly felt languid and exhausted yet strangely satisfied.
“Indeed I do, what I don’t like is stitching you up while I hear about them. You may be a Grimm but you are neither indestructible nor immortal, if you’re not careful you will die a pathetic death due to overwork and poor selfcare.”
“Close, back alley. Off the back of a recently deceased Wesen,” John didn’t say anything but the tension was palatable, “his victim not mine.”
John stood at the window of the neighbouring building, he watched Sherlock pick up the pill and his blood ran cold. Why would a man, A Grimm, as smart as Sherlock Holmes take the gamble against a madman with nothing to lose? Why didn’t he simply knock the Kehrseite out and be done with it, the gun would not be a real threat but whatever concoction was in those pills clearly was. The taxi driver we Kehrseite, he wasn’t even Kehrseite-Schlich-Kennen and thus aware of Wesen. Someone else was pulling the strings, picking the targets and calling the shots and it left a bad taste in John’s mouth that they were being lead, so easily, by the nose.
John chuckled at his actions. “We’ll make a doctor out of you yet, ensuring external pressure so you can keep your hands free and try to stave off the shock. Quick thinking as always Sherlock.”
This was Sherlock’s third visit to this particular club, he’d heard rumours that it was favoured by Miss Adler but he was yet to see sign of her. He was also yet to understand this world he immersed herself in; it confused Sherlock to see people such. He’d researched his target and her career as thoroughly as he was able, he’d created his own role and persona based on his findings regarding per preferences and though his understood it all within his mind the reality confused him still. So far he had yet to see anything that stirred his mind or his blood in the behaviours or actions of those around him, with the exception, perhaps, of one particularly stunning individual.
“The usual Doctor,” Shrugging off his coat, then his jacket the man began to unbutton his shirt but John already had a good idea of what was to come. The doctor had a nose that could not be questioned on these things, and for Mr Holmes this was in fact the usual.
“Why?” John sighed, they’d had this conversation before. Several times in fact but apparently, they were going to have it again.
The details were scarce because officially the event never happened but what Mycroft had been able to discover was enough to make even Sherlock queasy.
If Sherlock had been more himself, he would have left as the mistress entered with the bucket, but he was too entranced in the raw beauty before him. He would have tried to school his breathing and his features to look anything other than breathlessly aroused. He would have come up with something witty or scathing to say, but as it was all he could do was suck in a deep breath as a now bloody, sweat slick, ice chilled, brutally powerful man locked eyes on him with a wicked glint in his eyes and a face hidden behind a mask which Sherlock desperately wished to rip off.
The doctor got his Almond Milk Latte from a pleasant young woman who apologised for her trainee and gave John a smile and a wink when she thanked him for his order and invited him to visit again soon. John smiled back and left the coffee shop, he put the event from his mind as he began wandering the streets of London once more lost in thoughts of the war that still raged without him. True to the Barista’s prediction, by the time John remembered his coffee the drink was cold on his lips and though he swallowed the single mouthful he threw away the rest.
“Did I ever say I was finished?” he growled, with a stunted screech from his violin as the music came to an abrupt halt. Mycroft ignored him and continued with dismissive shrug of his shoulders and a pitying look.
Sherlock himself used many such masks to get information in his line of work, though he confessed to having much less emotional attachment to any specific one like other people seemed to. What Sherlock had not expected however, was to don a physical mask to see others drop their metaphoric ones.
“So, you’re out there killing other Wesen and I stitch you up so you can keep doing so. Every instinct I have tells me that I should kill you before you kill me, or more of my kind.”
A few of the regulars approached him, chatting casually and asking after his plans for the night. Sherlock kept his responses vague so as to seem interested but not committed, thus available for a better offer should one present. Many asked after Joe and it seemed Sherlock’s prolonged absence following “The Captain’s” display had been noted. A few asked if they would play again tonight, eager to see Sherlock’s skills with a whip once more. Of course, Sherlock replied in the negative with a cheeky remark, he didn’t want to think on the way Joe had walked away from him or how Adler had shown her obvious interest in the man. The idea of Joe submitting for That Woman made the rage build within Sherlock so that it almost suffocated him. What he had originally considered to be Mycroft induced peevishness with a helping dose of agitation thanks to the social snub was turning into something toxic and ugly, feelings he couldn’t quite identify and certainly not name were turning his stomach as though it were replaced with a boiling pit of oil.
John watched ‘Travis’ go, such an unfortunate name, but despite his bristly demeanour it was a very considerate thing to do bringing over the tea. After a few moments John poured his tea and began nibbling on one of the scones, enjoying the apricot jam more than he anticipated. John noticed the pretty manager from yesterday wasn’t around today but Travis was no longer wearing his ‘Trainee’ sticker and seemed to be functioning fairly well alone considering how quiet the café was, if not for the bored tone and apparent general distaste for dealing with customers. The Doctor could not help following the young man with his eyes, but John had to bite his tongue when he watched the other male getting into a rather heated argument with another customer. A man, wearing a well-cut suite and holding an umbrella.
That’s where Doctor John Watson came in. Sherlock had met him when they crossed paths during a case, Doctor Watson was treating a victim of Wesen domestic violence whose spouse had turned up at the morgue. Apparently, the Victim’s brothers hadn’t taken kindly to the news of their sibling’s plight. Sherlock hadn’t killed the pair of Wesen, but he did ‘encourage’ them to turn themselves in and Mycroft was keeping close tabs on them for any warning signs for repeat behaviour. Wesen killing Wesen, especially for justifiable reason, was not a Grimm’s problem.
Silently the consulting detective made his way to the waiting table in the corner and began to set out the implements he’d brought with him. There was not a sound in the room at first, but then in the silence other noises became loud. The steady tick of someone’s watch, the hushed breaths of those in the room, the gentle clinking of the chains which held the soldier in place, though they were not exactly needed as he still stood perfectly tall and at ease.
Sherlock knew Mycroft was goading him, knew that he shouldn’t rise to the bait, but as his brother swanned out of the apartment Sherlock already knew he’d succeeded and that only made him angrier.
Before the soldier could get used to the sensation Sherlock stopped. Impact and pain where clearly something the soldier was accustomed to, gentleness not so much but that was still unlikely to make the man break his silence.
“Ooooh, he’s using the knives today. Damn she’s lucky” Exclaimed a submissive, curling up eagerly on her Dom’s lap.
Apparently, the kiss had given Sherlock a reputation and boost in status at the club, if the sudden interest in him was anything to go by. Now when Sherlock arrived at the Club, recognised instantly despite his mask, Dominants would come to him to discuss technique and submissives would flirt their scantily clad backsides off. Many had stories to tell him about “G.I. Joe”, as the patrons of the club had dubbed the soundless soldier, but Sherlock didn’t pay a lot of attention. The detective was much more interesting in learning about the man first hand than through the stories of others… and learn Sherlock did.
Non-Wesen related crimes were so very Dull! They were predictable and boring and truly had no purpose other than to annoy Sherlock.
“I take it no one warned you about Joe?” One woman asked, her male companion casually fondling her breast through the leather harness she was wearing, she didn’t wait for Sherlock to respond. “He usually subs at the club but he’s actually a switch, he’s got a real mean streak when the mood grabs him…”
“Brilliant, then let’s be off…” Sherlock practically leapt to his feet, threw on his coat, nodded to the owner and flew out the door before John could blink.
“Obviously, but with how you’re rubbing your thigh it will be at least twenty minutes before you do at which point you won’t really want anything, so you’ll order another latte which you won’t drink. This way is better.” The barista looked as John appraisingly, nodded and then walked off.
“Excuse me,” John interrupted causing both men to turn to look at the doctor appraisingly, “sorry to interrupt but I need to pay for my order.”
“Fine, I will meet you here at 5:30.” Sherlock was already dressed and preparing to leave the room when John’s mind clicked over that statement.
Whether due to his persona of a ‘switch’ or his natural disposition, Sherlock’s soldier was not like the other submissives the detective had interacted with at the club. He was not eager to please, flirty and gentle. Other Dominants referred to it as “Bratty” behaviour, submissives who were petulant and challenging to their Doms in order to illicit certain responses and usually punishments… but somehow that didn’t seem to fit ‘Joe’ either.
Sherlock did not usually spend much time in the Den, it was too bestial for his tastes. The space catered for the Primal clientele who craved a simpler form of power struggle, displays of physical dominance and strength. Here submission must be earned, not freely given. Once Sherlock heard that Joe was there it was as though he were drawn by an invisible tether until he lurked in the hall watching his soldier.
“April fourth… It better be a good one after all this.” John ground out as the paramedics reapplied pressure to the wound to move him. Sherlock was out of his line of sight and suddenly John had nothing to focus on. He was moving, his stomach roiled with nausea and his shoulders began to quake. The voices faded into a haze of noise as they put a mask over his nose and mouth and the world faded away. John wasn’t sure if he passed out or if they anesthetised him, either way he didn’t like it. When the world went to black the dreams always began again, though now there were more bodies which lay at his feet and heads on spikes with judging eyes staring at him.
It was said so casually that John almost missed the fact that this was the first time Sherlock, in their months of visits at the clinic, had ever asked for something and not simply demanded or manipulated to get his own way. Would wonders never cease?
“When’s your birthday John, if you tell me I may even get you a present…” John felt hands on him, foreign and cold. The paramedics had arrived and were assessing his wound, they’d move him shortly onto a stretcher and into the ambulance.
Sherlock Holmes retrieved his clothing, swiftly dressed and strode from the clinic without a backward glance but John followed him with his eyes, as did another within the waiting room.
On his face and neck the harsh, grating wind scraping sand across skin long since tanned and broken.
Sherlock pulled out his phone, dialled swiftly and spoke quietly in hurried clipped sentences as he quickly retrieved the silk cord he’d previously been strangled with. “Lestrade’s on his way and he’s bringing an ambulance, hold on a while longer John.” Sherlock demanded as he balled up one end of the scarf like material and forced it into the wound while wrapping the free end around John’s torso to apply pressure. It was a good improvisation in the circumstances as John’s strength was beginning to waver, Sherlock shucked his own coat and wrapped it too around John and tried to keep him focused.
That was of course before he’d seen the man strapped to a wooden X and whipped soundlessly for the better part of an hour, then the game began to make sense. They all wanted to bragging rights of being the one to break his silence, though as yet none seemed to have succeeded and Sherlock learnt a lot from his silent observations of the Soldier.
The detective knew the moment the Soldier arrived, a ripple seemed to go through the club and many of the patrons began to look between the door and Sherlock, where he stood watching some of the electro-play in the Grand Foyer. The Soldier walked past Sherlock without pause and moved directly to the Dojo where a wrestling match had started up between a few of the regulars while they waited for more patrons to arrive. The Soldier, dressed again in his regulation kit only from the hips down, had chosen this time to wear only a half mask. The style was the same with a medieval feel, fabric that hooded his head and under his ears so that only his mouth and the barest hint of his nose was visible. It was a slight change but judging by the surprised look of the regulars it was something that had not happened before. Sherlock was certainly arrogant enough to take credit for the difference, well he would have been if his mind hadn’t been stuck on the stubborn jaw and perfectly sculpted lips that has been revealed to him.
“Mycroft…” He sighed dejectedly before swiping the knocker once more to its usual off-centre position and storming through the door.
Without pause Sherlock took a second piece of ice and with a piece in each hand began to circle the man’s nipples. The response wasn’t as extreme, not now that he knew it was coming, but Sherlock enjoyed the way his mind fought to keep his body still as the muscles strained against the assault of cold. Sherlock painted the Soldier’s chest and back with water as his burning skin melted the ice, blowing gently along the paths of his nipples to send another thrum of sensation through the body beside him. With a quick flick of his nimble fingers Sherlock undid the Soldier’s belt and the button of his trousers, he wasn’t surprised that the Soldier was hard though he was impressed by the man’s size… the limited amount he could see through trousers and very sensible pair of grey boxer briefs.
“Hmm, bloody hell the Great Sherlock Holmes asking a question. I would have thought you’d have deduced it all by now you great git.” John said with fondness, his mind was going fuzzy and all he could feel was the shaking but that was preferable to the pain.
“For your sake and mine, I hope he practiced good dental hygiene but I doubt it.” The Hyena like Wesen were scavengers much like their animal kingdom counterparts and not known for cleanliness.
John could not escape the image, not matter where he turned or if he closed his eyes the guilt was there and so were the heads of his friends and comrades instead of his enemies.
John looked around the crisp, professional waiting room and sighed heavily as his eyes landed on his next patient. The doctor shared an exasperated look with the medical receptionist, who’d clearly had the pleasure of checking the man in and attempting to once again explain the booking process only to be ignored as usual. John picked up the waiting file and unnecessarily called out in his steady, professional baritone “Sherlock Holmes.”
In the middle of the room the soldier stood at ease, chin raised, and eyes focused ahead as another man circled him. Joe was not a large man in stature but physically he possessed significant power, his muscles well defined from use instead of vanity. The detective watched, that poison in gut churning, as the man ran his hand along Joe’s shoulder and Sherlock found himself longing to break each digit into precise pieces that would never again be able to touch that which does not belong to them.
The truth was that they trusted each other in a way neither had been allowed before and neither wanted to risk losing that, though they would never admit it. Though admit it or not, the fact had not gone unnoticed by some.
From the photo’s Mycroft had provided of Irene Adler, Sherlock could determine very little, something that both annoyed and fascinated him. The Woman however was proving difficult to track down; her clientele was exclusive and discrete, she would not meet with anyone she did not know and who did not have a substantial reputation she could trust. There were a few ways to get around her strict screening processes, but they would reveal more than Sherlock intended so he needed to make her come to him, the first was to create a reputation for himself within her world.
It was three days later Sherlock approached the Soldier, the first time he’d done so, and for the moment of silence allowed between them Sherlock kept his deductions completely internal.
Sherlock’s confusion lasted only a moment until he saw the Master nod and hand back the knife, which the Captain proceeded to use to slice the wax expertly from the submissive’s skin much to her apparent delight. Her gasps and moans only increased as he removed the wax and drew abstract patterns on her skin with the tip of the blade, never breaking the skin but the risk was always there which seemed to increase the woman’s excitement. Once the wax was removed the man took a small hand towel and wiped her back down as much as he could with the rope still in place before he began to untie her, taking time to massage each of her limbs as they were released to ensure correct blood flow. ‘Lucy’ stayed perfectly still during this, she seemed to have no strength in her and Sherlock realised he was seeing a true Sub-Drop as the woman was sat up and her blindfold removed. Immediately the solider pulled her back to his chest and wrapped his arms around her, regulating his breathing and forcing her to follow.
With a gentle flick of his wrist Sherlock began across the broad of the man’s back. Sherlock had seen many other avoid the man’s scar, for whatever their reasons be it respect, fear or disgust Sherlock cared naught, but he did not. The tissue would be more sensitive than the rest of his back combined so Sherlock included it in his warm up of the man’s back. A simple cropping to stimulate the blood flow, he had to show skill as a Dominant if he hoped to entice Adler out of hiding.
John had smiled, explained that after discussing with Sherlock and their Inspector Lestrade about the phone he’d thought it best to return to his own apartment instead of waiting at 221B Baker street for news from Sherlock at which point he’d returned to his new friend’s apartment to ensure he was safe and well. The officers wrote that down, John offered them tea, they politely declined before scurrying off and Sherlock had scoffed.
“Pardon?” John replied, hastily limping forward the 3 large steps to the counter with the bored looking young man in his crisp white shirt and chocolate brown apron.
“Indeed” He could practically hear the nod, “then to satisfy my curiosity will you tell me what you are?”
“Because you are lactose intolerant and we are out of soy, don’t stock lactose-free and only have Almond milk left. So do you want a black coffee or the Latte you were going to order but not drink with Almond milk?”
“Oh do shut up, I’ve just been spending too much time around your office Doctor Watson. What do the paramedics need to know John?”
“Sherlock…” John shouted as he took a knee, he left hand reaching to his side and applying pressure to the spreading wetness at his side. Both his shirt and jacket were soaked through, probably his trousers too but John couldn’t really feel it.
Sherlock continued to attend the club regularly, participating only intellectually with the others and their scenes but his Soldier didn’t return until the following week. It wasn’t an unusual break for the man, but Sherlock still found himself disturbingly aware of the Joe’s absence and concerned about his safety. However when the Soldier did return it was as though Sherlock was looking at a completely different man, and that wasn’t simply due to his changed attire.
Sherlock returned to the table and lifted a simple cup, not something he’d bought on Mycroft’s card but provided by the club. Possibly the most inexpensive tool at his disposal but if he was correct it was likely to be one of the most effective. Long fingers dipped into the cup and pulled out a plain, crystalline cube of ice and with approving smiles from his audience Sherlock stepped behind the Soldier and ran the ice down his perfectly straight spine from neck to belt. The effect was instantaneous and distinctly satisfying.
John scrambled to his feet, much less gracefully than he should have all things considered, and ran out the door after the Grimm Detective and so the whirlwind that was to be their friendship began.
Those lips were back, the roaming hand was everywhere at once and Sherlock gelt his body come alive in a way he was unused to, a way that he had never experienced even during his work trips. It was as though he could feel every nerve in his body at once and they were all screaming for something, but he did not know what. Then that voice was once more at his ear, commanding yet soaked with lust.
“That is fine little brother, I understand that this was beyond you. I should have known that anything to do with human contact, let alone Sex, would make you… uncomfortable.” Mycroft slowly rose to his feet as Sherlock simmered with rage. “Don’t let it bother you, I’ll pass the case on to one of my other operatives.”
As John began to unwind the dressing he shook his head at not only the excessive blood but the use of a less than sterile bandage.
He placed a few things on the table before stowing the bag under in and out of the way, from this distance Sherlock couldn’t see what had been removed but the rest of the audience held their breaths in anticipation as Joe took some rope and began to expertly tie the bunny to the table and the table to some intentionally placed rings. Now even if she tried to throw her body from the table, neither she nor it would move. Apparently, that was exactly what the audience anticipated she would do, if the knowing chuckles were anything to go by.
), some white flowerpots a few meters distant from each other and a Vespa motorbike that made a beautiful show of itself a short distance from the front door, made it easy to infer the type of restaurant even before reading the sign.
John found himself terribly curious to know the woman who could instantly silence Sherlock Holmes and wondered if she had that power even over the eldest of the Holmes: he would pay a pretty sum to see someone silence the British government like that.
The doctor observed the restaurant: a white facade, on which stood a blue curtain that would shelter customers from the rain or the sun, the entire wall that overlooked the road (
-Did you erase everything about Shakespeare, Sherlock?- John asked him as he approached the group again.
-Do you think I don't know? At least I don't have secret admirers ready to skin you for our fake relationship-commented Jack before taking the last sip from their own bottle, before getting up and heading to the kitchen to get another pair.
, without warning, as he usually was when he deigned to appear, sitting in Sherlock’s chair when John walked through the door. Sherlock was laid back on the sofa, eyes closed, fingers steepled under his chin.
John felt instantly too cold as he moved away from Sherlock, leaning back across the bed to reach for the nightstand drawer. He shivered and winced at the stretching of the muscles in his injured leg, but he ignored it in favour of the arousal he felt when he looked back at Sherlock, who had leaned up on his elbows and was studying John with darkened eyes, hair falling haphazardly across his forehead.
Mycroft pointedly ignored him- for the sake of decorum, most likely. Lestrade, standing in the far corner of the room, frowned in Mycroft’s direction, and at the woman standing next to him. He was flanked by Donovan and Anderson, who looked strangely happy that all of this was happening.
He assumed there would be some sort of locating device in the car Sherlock had taken- he also assumed that Sherlock had disabled it. Once Lestrade and Mycroft realised John was gone, they would no doubt follow him- but that didn’t matter. The more the merrier, as far as John was concerned. He only cared about getting to Sherlock.
John took hold of Sherlock’s thigh, lifting it a little, canting his hips and fucking Sherlock at a different angle. Sherlock cried out, and the hand on his chest twitched again.
, a week or so after the bomb vest and the darkened swimming pool, after yet another case with a different villain but a similar life-threatening climax, John decides that enough is enough. On this night, when he and Sherlock come home (mostly) unscathed, John barely hesitates before taking Sherlock by the shoulders and kissing him thoroughly, right there in the front hallway, consequences be damned. He hadn't planned far enough ahead to hope that Sherlock might kiss him back, but had he been hoping, he would not have been disappointed.
"That's just the story of how we met," Sherlock points out, obviously still confused, though he has moved closer to John again, close enough that John can feel his body heat and count his eyelashes.
Lestrade, for his part, didn’t have any visible reaction to seeing the two of them in such a state, coming out of the same room.
"Still," John protested, however gently, his eyes finally leaving Sherlock's face. "To have someone you cared about taken away from you like that, and to never have closure- it must have hurt. And that kind of pain doesn't just go away on its own."
“There is a gala being held at the American embassy tomorrow evening. It is a yearly event during which all of the ambassadors stationed here in London gather for a night of music and banal conversation. Dinner, dancing, an open bar, dozens of people, all of them
"You," Sherlock starts, still out of breath, voice more tender than John ever thought it could be. "You saved me too." He crawls into John's arms as soon as John offers them. "You save me everyday."
you to talk about something that's obviously difficult for you to talk about. But if you do want to talk about it, then of course I'll listen. Of
John took a sip of wine and then continued to eat, apparently content with the answer Sherlock had given him, content to sit in silence and finish his food as if nothing had happened. He seemed to shine in this low light, the already soft lines of his face made softer still. Sherlock recalled the way John had looked on that first night (
He returned a few moments later with two garment bags slung over his shoulder and two shoeboxes held under his arm- he was followed closely by Mrs. Hudson, who kept trying to get a look at what he was carrying.
The gunshot was an explosion in a contained space, concussive and loud and muffled at the same time, sound bounced around and absorbed by the walls of Baker Street. Then there was the blood, the familiar warmth of it soaking into the leg of John's trousers. Then there was the pain, also familiar, and John was honestly just amazed that he made it through this many cases with Sherlock before he wound up shot.
There was a familiar desire rising up in Sherlock’s chest, one that he no longer attempted to suppress. He gave himself over completely, clawing at John’s shoulders, ridding him of his jacket, shrugging out of his own coat. It was no easy feat, what with John’s hands on his hips, pinning him to the wall while he kissed Sherlock senseless.
For a brief moment, it seemed like he should say something. He hadn't said anything back then, words refusing to come, knowing that the person he would be talking to would never hear his voice again. He remained silent, then and now- he'd already said everything there was to say.
John to reciprocate these feelings, such as they were, was not enough to actually make it so. Sherlock could not afford to be tricked, not even by his own desires-
John stifled a sudden yawn. Now that the excitement had died down a little, his body was loudly reminding him that it was the middle of the night. His leg was sore, and he was tired.
“If you ever forget, then I’ve failed you.” John closed the distance, just for a moment, just for a kiss, slow and soft, until the cot frame groaned and tipped and he had to lean back to his own side.
me.” Sherlock looked at him, then, with a look John hadn’t seen since that night while he was bleeding out on the kitchen floor. “No one’s ever defended me. No one. Not even him.”
A familiar surge of anger flared in John’s chest, burning and sour like bile rising in his throat. He was worried about Sherlock, remembering how he’d reacted to such accusations earlier that night, how cold and blank he’d been. He reached for Sherlock reflexively, to defend, to comfort-
“Two years, give or take,” Victor’s posture was relaxed, but not contrived. His voice was even but not measured. The truth, then, most likely.
“Sorry about the accommodations.” Lestrade smiled apologetically. “We’ll take you back to Baker Street tomorrow so you can pack some things, and by then the safe house will be ready. If Sherlock hasn’t already solved it.”
love Sherlock, or if it was all some game to her, the ultimate battle of wills and wits. He often wondered what might have happened, if she were still around, if she were still alive, if she and Sherlock might have- well. It didn't much matter now, he told himself, mostly as a way to tamp down the admittedly ridiculous jealousy he felt over a dead woman. He had to try (however failingly) to convince himself that Sherlock hadn't really felt anything for her either. Sherlock just didn't feel things that way, for anyone. It had been months since that rainy day in the cafe with Mycroft, since John had lied to Sherlock about Irene getting into witness protection. He never had the sense that Sherlock was the least bit upset about it, and he'd certainly never mentioned her.
Mycroft sighed as well, a much more burdened sigh than Sherlock’s. “I’ll see that it’s taken care of.”
“Your officers don’t know how to keep their mouths shut," Martin said, sat at the far end of the table, sipped what John had observed to be her fourth cup of coffee.
“How long?” he asked. There was no real way for him to know the answer. He could estimate, guess, as much as he hated guessing, but that was the end of it. He could only hope that Victor would be honest with him. He disliked having to hope for things, even more than he disliked guessing.
sure of, though- if Sherlock hadn't known the true extent of John's feeling before that day at Battersea, he must know now. John had tried to be inconspicuous in his attachment, of course, but he had always known he was never much good at hiding things like desire or jealousy, and Sherlock was more observant than anyone John had ever tried to hide those kinds of things from. John thought of his feelings for Sherlock as an open secret, something that was known but was never meant to be discussed.
“And John’s coming too,” Sherlock demanded- he had pulled his knees to his chest, resting his chin rather heavily atop them, a very classic Sherlockian sulking behaviour.
The door swung open, and Sherlock disappeared into the darkness of the front hall. John followed, his smile lighting the way.
"Yes." Sherlock looked both pleased and surprised that John had recognised it. "From the Moonlight Sonata."
“He’s your partner,” Martin pointed out. “He didn’t tell you where he was going. Do you really think that’s normal?”
“Why would he let you go? He must have known you would come here, he must have- so why would he allow you to bring me here, unless he wanted to show me-”
"But why?" Sherlock asks. "I've been running scenarios in my mind, trying to understand how and when it could have happened, and I-" he frowns. "There are variables missing. I clearly don't have enough data."
“A week or so later, the bloke I owed ran his car off the M3 in a chase with police, over some drug bust- put himself through the windshield. I thought it was odd, since I’d never known him to use, or deal. But alright, I thought, my problem is solved. Two days later, I got a call from some guy saying the accident was a- what did he call it- a
“I need you to know, John,” Sherlock whispered, “that the way I feel about you- and subsequently the way you make me feel about myself- is incomparable. I could search for a thousand years and never find its like.”
“Will you be here when I wake up?” Sherlock asked, sometime later, drifting in and out of sleep with John’s arm draped over him.
“Well,” he looked back to Mycroft, “you’re not usually the type to just come ‘round for tea and a chat, and since nothing’s happened, apparently, that means you want something from him.” He pointed to Sherlock, who smirked but remained quiet.
Sherlock had opened his eyes and was smiling again, a small, private smile meant for John, though Mycroft was no doubt aware of it. John ignored him and smiled back at Sherlock.
Sherlock’s cold hands pushed under John’s jumper and the vest underneath, skimming up warm skin and pulling the layers of clothing free from John’s body. He sat up as he did it, pushing John pack and swinging one leg over him, settling in his lap, careful not to put weight on John’s injured leg.
“Move back,” Sherlock ordered, already pushing John away, untangling himself and tipping John flat onto his back. John looked up at him, speechless.
"What time's'it?" John slurs, still not awake enough to enunciate, apparently. He scrubs a hand over his face, blinking his heavy eyelids and allowing his eyes to adjust to the dim, pale light.
“The bullet must have punctured his heart,” John surmised as Sherlock knelt down at Victor’s opposite side, feeling even dizzier than before. “There’s too much blood for it to be anything else. He’s not- I don’t think he’s going to make it.”
Sherlock glared a little harder, as if it would let him see deeper into Victor’s mind. All it did was make his head hurt.
“You know, the thing about Moriarty is that he always gets what he wants.” He began to pace, slowly, back and forth across the base of the altar. “He’s never been denied, not once, not by anyone. Anyone but you.”
The last time Sherlock had been here was the night before the last day of classes, the dawn of that fateful summer. The chapel wasn't that much different really. Twenty-odd years hadn't added much to its level of decrepitness. And yet, everything was different.
“About earlier,” John said, “You’re the best thing that’s ever happened to me. I could never be ashamed of that. But I’m a little protective, if you’ve noticed, and I was upset with myself that I’d done something that might hurt you.”
Sherlock doesn't answer- he simply presses forward and kisses John, putting his cold hand to the back of John's neck while he breathes his next question into John's mouth.
The Captain was back, as was the hand around Sherlock’s throat. Demanding an answer, demanding compliance, and without thinking the detective nodded. Suddenly the hands on him gentled, patting and praising as the other practically purred. “Good”.
When Mycroft had pressed, the Wesen council had claimed that there was no evidence to say Doctor Watson was responsible or that if he was that he was not in full control. They also claimed that due to the extent of his injury he would no longer be a threat, to anyone.
Sherlock gave the other man a knowing smirk when their eyes met, the anger which had been simmering within him mellowing at the knowledge that this man had been waiting for him.
Sherlock pushed away from the bar, his purpose of enticing Adler driven from his mind by something thick and oily as he heard other patrons talking about Joe. Apparently, he was in the Den. In design the den was much like the dojo, thickly padded floor, and cushioned walls. Plush furniture designed for languid relaxing. However, unlike the dojo the Den was modelled after a cave. There was little light, and everything was decorated in muted earthy tones, even the music here changed from sultry erotic tones to more primal rhythmic beats.
The detective placed the crop down and picked up the next item on his script, a feather quill which had been specially chosen for the task ahead. On silent feet he approached the soldier but did not immediately touch him, Sherlock could see in the tensing of the man’s muscles that he knew Sherlock was near but thanks to the blindfold he knew nothing more than that.  Circling the man while holding the quill Sherlock began to run the sharp calligraphy nib of the pen along the man’s flesh with the lightest of touches, enjoying the way his muscles leapt in surprise at the gentle, yet unknown, touch Sherlock smirked. Turning the quill around Sherlock ran the feather across his skin next, over the sensitive ‘H’ on his back, up one of his sides, across the bridge and down the other, over his nipples and stomach, just the lightest of touches which left his muscles quaking in a way that was beyond his control. It was a physical response which he wasn’t anticipating and couldn’t truly be controlled even if one wanted to.
“Clearly not.” And it was true, John would remember meeting such an attractive man but he did not, which brought him back to the question at hand…
“At ease Soldier, you did well.” Sherlock whispered in the man’s ear, just loud enough for him to hear. Sherlock wasn’t sure what made him say such a thing but he was glad he had when he saw the man’s body visibly relax in a way Sherlock had not anticipated. The detective had heard of the phenomenon of a ‘sub-drop’ from the other Dominants at the club, seen it with the more affectionate submissives but somehow he hadn’t expected to achieve something similar with the soldier, though this was a much more subtle equivalent and seemed to surprise the man as much as Sherlock.
“Uuugh…” John groaned, “John Hamish Watson, Wesen, Blood type A positive. No allergies, current medications, none despite what my damn psychiatrist says... Age Thirty six… birthday… birthday… damnit” John felt his tongue getting heavy but he could hear voices around them, though he couldn’t really see anything but Sherlock. His peripheral vision had already hazed out without him noticing.
In a ‘club’ of the most intimate and exclusive sort Sherlock stood in his perfectly tailored suit jacket despite the heat, a plain black half mask, styled off the Phantom of the Opera, covering both eyes and half his face, watching a completely different set of games that those he was familiar with.
Sherlock didn’t outwardly show a response to the not so Silent Soldier’s arrival though he did cast an appreciative look to his own handwork on the man’s back as he passed. Sherlock had noted on previous occasions that the man didn’t bruise easily, he must have someone at home to treat his wounds because each time he returned to the club he’d been expertly tended, and tonight was no different in that regard. What was different however was the stark ‘H’ bruised into the man’s tanned flesh, a reminder of Sherlock’s crop, and the change in his attire. Despite how ‘Amateur’ he may believe the Detective to be, he was also the first to leave a lasting imprint on the man that Sherlock had seen during his time attending the club. Though most Dominants apparently refrained from doing so to anyone but their regular submissives or significant others without prior approval.
It was not a pretty kiss, by most standards it wasn’t even a pleasant kiss, but it was a kiss, in fact it was one hell of a kiss. The soldier had met Sherlock part way, pulling the taller man down by his shirt, his lips crashing into Sherlock’s slightly parted ones. Before the detective had been able to register what was happening the man’s tongue was in his mouth and he was on the receiving end of a very thorough snogging.
John nodded as the wound was finally revealed, unsurprisingly it was a bite mark over the man’s shoulder.
Sherlock smirked down as his prey and began in earnest, his crop creating a distinct pattern on the man’s flesh thanks to the detective’s unfailing aim. A few of the regulars called out advise from the sidelines but none interfered with the sport, even as bruises blossomed and thin stripe cuts began to litter his flesh from the force of Sherlock’s assault.
A few days later Sherlock arrived early at the club; he was immaculately dressed as usual in a fitted suit, sporting his same black eye mask and riding crop, surprisingly he seemed less noticeable with it than without. The detective in him watched the patrons around him, it was surprising how little of the Play in this place was sexual in nature and how much seemed rooted in a need for connection and trust. The more Sherlock observed of these people the more he began to understand, it also didn’t help that this was perhaps one of the few places his deductions weren’t necessarily dismissed and he’d yet to hear the word ‘freak’ thrown his way.
Sherlock glared at the knocker settled on the door of 221B Baker street, a perfectly mundane brass contraption that fulfilled its purpose adequately. It sat proudly on the non-descript door and in that moment, Sherlock hated it, not for any reason a door knocker could control but because of what that perfectly manicured appearance represented…
“That is disappointing, and I’d heard you’d finally managed to convince a few of them that you knew what you were doing. I suppose this was always going to be the case that stumped Sherlock Holmes.” Sherlock stopped playing abruptly and glared at his brother.
John just stared at the man and blinked owlishly “Almond milk is fine?” he offered questioningly and the Barista nodded, rung up his order and said nothing as he took John’s money and dismissed him for the next order.
Five minutes passed silently, though for the soldier they would have seemed much longer due to the sensory deprivation, as Sherlock admired his new toys he bought on Mycroft’s company card. If one is to be accepted one must have the proper tools he’d justify when his brother inevitably kicked up a fuss at the excessive shopping spree. Though it wasn’t as it he couldn’t afford it, assuming he didn’t want to explain the charges to his employer. New toys or not Sherlock picked up his crop to begin, he’d been pleased with the marks he’d left and didn’t want them to fade.
An intriguing figure that Sherlock often found his eyes following against his will, truly there should have been nothing different about him but Sherlock found himself drawn to this man clad not in leather like so many others around him but Military issue camouflage trousers, combat boots, damaged and sadly illegible dog tags, and little else. As far as Sherlock could tell it was all authentic, his posture, the slight tan lines, the raised scars over his shoulder, marring his otherwise flawless skin, all pointed to this man being a recently returned soldier but that was all Sherlock could see.
It was not unusual for Wesen, especially predatory ones, to join the military. It instilled discipline needed for their inner beasts while allowing them regular physical outlets and often company for their own kind. The problems arose when those same Wesen went to war. They would be fine until the first kill whether it be their own or the death of a comrade then, usually, they lost themselves to the bloodshed. There was no coming back for a war broken Wesen, they continued to kill until they themselves were killed usually at the hands of an enemy or a higher ranking Wesen attempting to minimise exposure. Those that did manage to keep their heads, that never rampaged, remained in the military for life.
Others began to join Sherlock, all eager to see what “The Captain” would do tonight. Many of them looking expectantly at Sherlock before gluing their eyes to where the bunny was laying on what appeared to be a massage table with the soldier on the other side so that their audience had a full view of her exposed back and his actions. A table was brought to his side by a helpful dungeon master with a wink as the “Captain” began to pull thinks reverently from his duffle bag.
Sherlock allowed his assessing gaze to openly roam the soldier, he stood silent and unmoved. Posture perfect, broad shoulders straight enough that sherlock could probably balance a level on them… something he may have to try at some point.
Just as he had the night before Sherlock leant in close to the Soldier, to where his ear was covered by the fabric hood keeping his mask in place, and in a voice full of promise whispered…
It was a shock, to everyone involved, when the decision was made by someone on the other side of the trenches to storm the medical encampment. It was still unclear what they were after but the official report states medical supplies were stolen after the mass slaughter of the medical teams and their patients.
“The think you’re perfectly placid, as threatening as that awful jumper you’re wearing” Sherlock claimed from his lounging position on his sofa, fingers steepled together on his chest, eyes closed in apparent thought. “They have no idea what you’re capable of…”
Sherlock had once managed a quick glance at the man’s Club tag, sitting temptingly at the man’s hip, he’s seen the colour coding clearly. Though every hint and every line of this man told Sherlock he was strong and not to be taken lightly, despite his short stature, that he was a man used to control and power he was marked as a Code Black S. A no holds barred submissive.
“You intervened because you thought he was harassing me. It wasn’t your concern and yet you did, why is that?” The young man asked as he swiped the card through the pin machine.
“Ah, done with the pleasantries I see.” Sherlock did not respond, and Mycroft didn’t wait for him to, “I am here to see your progress on the Adler case, reports from my people say you’ve stopped attending the clubs for over a week after attending almost every day. Has something changed brother dear?” There was a smug note to the elder Holmes’s voice as he eyes his younger counterpart.
The man, all long limbs and tailored suit, stood and with an impatient look strode towards John’s office without waiting for directions. The man was becoming an unwelcome regular within the clinic, the nurses gossiped about possible reasons why the tall handsome man might be visiting them so often but unfortunately John knew the truth was not as romantic as their fantasies.
Once his candles were properly stowed the Soldier took out a rather vicious looking blade and handed it to the DM.
A polite tap of the door signalled that their time was at an end and Sherlock released a disappointed sigh, as did much of the audience, but the soldier simply stood there in stony silence trying to control his breathing which was notably heavier. The detective moved close to the soldier and leant in, the soft fabric of his shirt just ghosting the abused flesh of the other man’s back, as he began to undo the restraints.
Not waiting for a response Sherlock placed a blindfold over the eyes of the man’s mask and stepped away, a hush went through the room as Sherlock made it clear to the audience he wanted silence, and waited.
Sherlock remained where he was, finished his drink while watching the electro scene before offering the Dungeon Mistress supervising the room a nod and moving towards the Dojo. On the way Sherlock acquired a new drink and particularly flirty submissive female, he deduced instantly that she was trying to make her regular Dominant jealous and as Sherlock had to create his own reputation he decided to humour the wench. Sherlock entered the Dojo and took seat in one of the large winged armchairs, the scantily clad girl with a pair of fluffy ears on her head took the appropriate place at his feet as they watched the match currently unfolding. It was the Soldier, of course it was, wrestling with one of the larger Dominants and his regular male submissive.
However, with the positives came the negatives. Sherlock had known well before Mycroft had confirmed, that Doctor Watson had lost himself to his inner beast while in Afghanistan. It was in the tense way he held himself, as though he were always on edge and on guard… fighting a war within that no one else could see. It was also in his eyes, crystal clear blue that held a darkness within them.
“Oh, I don’t know but you seem intent on seeing me every day. Allow your body to heal completely for a change and I’d agree to meet you outside of the clinic, I’ll even listen to you brag about your cases again.”
“And that is why you keep coming back, to test my resolve.” John finished, it was a familiar conversation. “If my existence as a Wesen doctor bothers you so much, you know what to do about it.”
Sherlock didn’t intend to touch him, not there at least but he knew the Soldier’s attention would now be on his groin as would his imagination and not on Sherlock who moved back to the table and his brand-new flogger. It was an attractive piece of workmanship with a solid wooden handle covered it braided leather. The tails, because there were 6 of them, were the length of Sherlock’s arm, shoulder to wrist, and each consisted of three pieces of quality leather plaited together. While it didn’t provide the accuracy of Sherlock’s preferred crop it did allow for a larger impact area.
“Don’t” John barked angrily but, despite how satisfying it would have been to do otherwise, he kept his touch light and professional as he moved on to dressing the shoulder correctly.
That being the case the day passed in unprecedented swiftness, though the ribbing he got from the other medical staff when they saw Sherlock Holmes waiting for him outside had John flustered when he greeted the man.
Once the Soldier’s back was glowing a pleasing blush through the tan Sherlock kicked things up a notch with firm strike directly under the man’s straining shoulder blades. The strike was clearly unexcepted, this Sherlock could tell from the muscular reaction the blow triggered, but if not for that subtle sign and the loud smack of the crop he’d have though he missed.
Sherlock ignored Mrs Hudson as she began spluttering some nonsense or another at him, the detective had long since learnt to tune the older woman out, and instead strode straight up the stairs to his apartment.
Eyes still covered, surrounded by the soldier’s scent Sherlock could not breathe properly as his mind went silent in a way he had never experienced. It was only the pressure of the other’s body that was keeping him upright at this point. The hand in his hair raked down his body, grazing over the tightened peaks of his nipples, clearly visible through the too tight silk of his shirt. Down over his quivering stomach until the firm, warm pressure settled around the hardened bulge in his trousers. Mind stumbling to catch up with the onslaught of sensations and data flooding his system the detective almost whimpered when the pressure of Joe’s lips was removed from his own.
The restraints were removed, as was the blindfold, and Sherlock expected the Soldier to leave immediately as he had done the night before. Especially considering his break of silence, and the apparent drop, the detective expected him to want to save face by doing so.
“You will not run from me again, understood?” The voice was one of command and authority, yet it was sultry and hoarse in a way that mad Sherlocks tongue heavy in his mouth as his mind supplied other things he would rather hear. “Is that Understood?”
Truly it was all Mycroft’s fault, Mycroft and his not so mysterious employer who’d called Sherlock to Buckingham Palace and played to Sherlock’s own vanity and need for a challenge. Things had been boring of late, too much time alone had Sherlock at his wits end and originally it had seemed an interesting enough prospect, tracking down The Woman.
His eyes burning from too many sleepless nights and immense concentration as he was loath to blink and lose sight for even a second.
In response to the sudden chill of the ice the Soldier’s back arched away from Sherlock and suddenly he was straining against the limits of the chains keeping him put. The detective couldn’t help but chuckle as he circled the Soldier, who’s chest heaved as he tried to school his breathing.
The action should have appeared graceless and clunky but somehow it worked well with this new persona, arms stretched out over the back of the sofa with one coincidentally just behind Sherlock’s head the man relaxed and said nothing as his eyes openly evaluated the room. With one leg, the one closest to Sherlock, stretched out to the coffee table in front of him and the other bent at the knee with the heal of his thick boot on the plush leather beneath him, the soldier exuded masculine strength and drew the eye of many an eager and unattached patron. Though they couldn’t be blamed, the man was a sight to behold and his very presence sent heat through those around him. Sherlock did his best to appear unaffected, and though outwardly he succeeded he was concerned with the physical reactions he was unable to control. His temperature had risen, as well as his heart beat and the slightest hitch of his breathing when the other man can come so close to him. This was not something Sherlock was familiar with, though he’d seen it enough from others while at the club. He desired this man, physically. An idea he’d suspected while he’d dominated the other, but it was surprising to find his desire as strong, if not stronger, considering the man’s change in behaviour.
‘Lucy’ played her part well, calling orange on her fourth candle causing the soldier to immediately extinguish the candle in his hand and whisper in her ear. He seemed to listen to her voice a moment before nodded with a gentle smile. He put the candles away, allowing the wax to dry on her skin and running his fingers over the patterns he’d created.
“Nasty blighters those, but there’s no accounting for taste…” John chuckled at his own joke as he took out the necessary tools to clean the wound and repair what damage he could.
“The DM is there to supervise, Lucy hasn’t done wax before, he’ll make sure Joe only uses the gentle candles at first. Joe can be a bit brutal with the wax otherwise.” Whispered one of the submissives nearby to another, both shivered with anticipation and want, despite their cautionary tones.
Around Sherlock the audience had begun to disperse, the scene was over and now it was simply aftercare. Though important, not as interesting for the spectators… except for Sherlock. The detective watched the soldier whisper to the woman, hold her gently and give her time to pull herself somewhat together before he lifted her into his arms bridal style and handed her over to her waiting master. The Dungeon Master shared a smile with the Captain before taking his dropped sub away while Joe cleaned up the area so others could play later. He was methodical; sweeping away the wax, wiping down the table, sanitising his blade with both wipes and flame, it was only when he was satisfied with his clean up that he again threw his bag over his shoulder and for the first time in over an hour made eye contact with Sherlock, who hadn’t moved and was still holding that useless drink.
John didn't get up right away the next morning, allowing himself a bit of a lie-in on his day off. It didn't turn out to be that relaxing, though, as far as lie-ins went. As soon as John opened his eyes, or maybe even before that, he was trying to solve the puzzle of Sherlock's deep hatred for the man whose life Mycroft had charged them both with saving.
"You should know by now, John, that I only take the time and effort to make friends with people I consider to be truly remarkable."
“All that means is that you don’t know anymore than I do.” He stepped back, nearly stumbled, when Victor reached for him again. John was close behind him. He couldn’t focus, couldn’t untangle his stream of consciousness with the white noise of pain threatening to drown it all out.
John leaned over and kissed Sherlock’s temple. “Of course, if they do try anything, I’ll just call Myrcroft.”
Both Sherlock and Mycroft rolled their eyes in tandem- the effect was frightening. Martin just looked confused. Sherlock, for all his bravado, looked nervous now, exposed.
“How long was I unconscious?” Sherlock pulled himself further upright, leaning back against a crumbled piece of wall, which he hoped would hold his weight. He was too dizzy to stand, he knew that much, and he had no memory of anything beyond the drive here.
The waltz came to a crescendo and then slowed; it reminded John of a flame burning out, the final bright flashes before the inevitable fade, until all that was left were glowing embers, pulsing with low, warm light. Sherlock's playing was perfect, as always, able to evoke such imagery in John's mind. The waltz itself, however, seemed to be missing something.
“Well, Moriarty doesn’t leave loose ends, does he? If he’s done with you-” he gestured to Victor- “then it’s more likely you’d have turned up in a morgue somewhere, rather than this place. No offense.”
“I wasn’t going to say no- you don’t say no to a man who can arrange for an accident like that. And it wasn’t anything serious- small favours, he called it. Deliveries, mostly, driving jobs, which I was already doing anyhow. And I’d been promised the thing I always wanted.”
John braced his hands on the bed, blanketing himself over Sherlock’s body, skin-to-skin, heat-to-heat. Sherlock gasped and moaned into his mouth when John kissed him, clutching John’s shoulders and spreading his legs wider, desperate for any sort of friction.
"Why would you want to eat if you weren't hungry?" John leaned one shoulder on the bricks while Sherlock stuck his key into the lock. He paused there for a second or two, obviously thinking of something. John would have killed to know what it was Sherlock was thinking. This was a common occurrence.
The Essex morning was chilly and grey- it seemed that more rain would be coming along shortly. Sherlock abandoned the car by the entrance to the service road- it was a police vehicle, and so fundamentally conspicuous, but there was nothing for it. He hadn’t had much of a selection to choose from when he’d made his escape from the NSY. he should have taken the extra minute and lifted the keys to Lestrade’s boring sedan. Something to remember next time.
John snapped awake at the familiar voice, the brightness of the overhead light shining down on him. He looked up to see Lestrade standing over him, Mycroft too- neither of them looking very pleased. It was then that John realised the second cot was empty.
When John looked over at Sherlock, he saw that Sherlock’s face was red, his eyes glistening. He was still holding John’s hand- clinging to it, in fact.
Lestrade led John through the office, past the empty cubicles, dimmed and shadowed. Down past what looked to be a break room, into a private office with grey walls and no nameplate on the door. No windows, either. Half of the room was piled high with unused furniture, computer chairs and desks all stacked, collecting dust. On the other side of the room were two cots, pushed to opposite walls. Between them was a small table, a lamp, and access to an electrical outlet.
“Did you honestly think I would leave with you?” He whipped his head up to look at Victor, bringing on a new wave of dizziness. “Didn’t I make myself clear? You’ve been dead to me since we were seventeen, and that’s not going to change.”
You only saw what you wanted to see... This would be the best day of Sherlock's life if he found out-Greg commented vicious.
He worked as a cook for thirty-five years, before applying for early retirement in order to stay beside his wife, suddenly ill.
-I wouldn't say, no. It’s obvious that you can't help me with this boring case-replied Sherlock dryly.
They would not have achieved anything; they would once again have two completely different opinions and probably only make the situation worse.
"I made it clear more than once that I don’t want anything to do with your boyfriend and what he did today was unbecoming and mean even for him" the doctor added.
Sherlock glanced around to realize that Hamish was still in Mrs. Hudson's apartment and was aware that he would have to go and get the baby, allowing the old woman to retire, but the uncertainty as to how the evening would end made him motionless, still in the middle of the drawing-room.
Now how about you sit down so the waitress will stop looking inquisitively at us and will bring us the menu? -she added in a convivial tone.
Sherlock merely shrugged his shoulders, aware that his mother would read the real answer in his body language.
As soon as he reached legal age, he had entered the kitchens of a restaurant, as a dishwasher, learning over time how to move in a big and professional kitchen.
He then walked to Greek Street, his hands in his pockets, trying not to draw attention to himself, despite the nagging feeling that it was obvious where he was headed and what his intentions were.
Greg had never thought of having children: partly because of the reasons Mycroft had exposed the day before, but partly because his ex-wife couldn't have any, so he had always said that it was fine, that with love they would make their marriage work.
Before he met Greg, Mycroft Holmes would never have thought of eating his meals on the living room couch when a perfectly functioning table awaited them in the dining room, yet Gregory had made him realize that certain rigid "formalities" could be set aside when they were alone, leaving room for a spontaneity entirely alien from the older Holmes.
Shaking his head slightly toward the waitress who was moving in his direction, John approached the table with steady steps, stopping in front of the empty chair, staring at the woman who greeted him with a mischievous smile.
Ignoring the unexpected heat that had spread over his face to that spontaneous serenade, and which was almost certainly clearly visible to John, Sherlock swallowed and tried to rebuild his facade, which for so many years had been a second skin, but which now crumbled at the slightest hint of seduction by John H. Watson.
The first meeting between Sherlock and the Doctor was not a success, and John had not expected anything different given the inquisitive and analytical mind of his roommate.
Sherlock let a sigh slip at that unexpected gesture of affection, so typically John, who had to resist with all his might the desire to let go and take possession of the man's lips again, to make sure that their taste, their softness had not changed in those days.
"You and I know all too well that despite all his enemies, Sherlock is the only person who can truly protect our son" Irene pointed out.
John let slip a broken sigh, full of desire, his fingers clenched around the light and elusive fabric of the detective's silk robe.
"The rest is history: he became the British Government and I became a junkie" he replied with indifference.
The first impulse had been to head to Baker Street and visit Mrs. Hudson, but he had to discard that idea for the possibility of coming face to face with John.
-Why not? If I had succeeded in one of the many clumsy attempts that your brother or Greg managed to stop, you would have come home earlier, and you would have had no reason to travel around the world searching for international murderers and criminals...  Maybe you could have a family with Irene-
During our investigation she died, or at least staged her death and for months Sherlock was simply miserable...-said John, leaving the sentence in half.
"John, you know it's not possible” he said, passing the fingers of his left hands through his short hair.
Slightly more relaxed, but still tense, like he almost expected a surprise attack at any moment, Mycroft nodded.
Also, it's Friday-John added. -The best day for a date, especially if you hope to drag it until late in the evening. Or even Saturday morning…-
John chuckled, before heading to the kitchen where he retrieved the blue bag in which for years now they had been storing everything they needed for a day out with the kids.
They are as close as there is to the real dragons and I am sure Hamish will appreciate them- Sherlock said.
Mycroft finished getting ready and drove to the underground car park where Ken, his personal driver for seventeen years, waited for him with the car door already open; Mycroft gave a slight nod to his employee's salute and got into the car before settling comfortably in the car for the short trip.
Sherlock nodded and dissolved the embrace, settling next to John and sliding one hand into his, weaving their fingers, spotting the satisfied smile on the other man’s face.
The fault was certainly of his curiosity, of his insatiable need to know, even if this time he had gone beyond scientific knowledge, beyond the desire to excel in his field.
For a few moments there was no answer, not even the smallest noise helped him understand the man's reaction to his words.
John quickly observed the books in the library and recognized most of the titles, including classics and new "masterpieces" of children's literature, but one volume in particular caught his eye, leading him to remove it from the shelf and browse the pages to a few moments, noting that some of them were more consumed than others.
"You had no right!" continued Sherlock, stepping into the other man personal space, as if he wanted to put more emphasis on his words.
Finally, what he had hoped for, desired, even banished from his own mind, was within reach and John would do anything to avoid missing that opportunity.
After recovering his coat and bag, John briefly said goodbye to his colleagues and walked the short journey to Baker Street.
A slight noise behind him made him realize that his words had caught Sherlock's attention, enough to convince him to momentarily abandon his work.
Taking advantage of John's good mood, Sherlock placed a hand on John's right side, and approached the man's face, moving his lips closer to his right cheek before changing direction at the last moment and bending over to his ear.
John laughed amused, only to become serious again the next moment, clearly considering the detective's words with a long thought.
Without taking off his jacket, he took a few steps in the living room and observed the famous Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock had never forgiven him for that post because he had exposed some of his weaknesses and made him look "human" in the eyes of readers.
If there was one thing John hadn't accounted for when he suggested that trip, it was Sherlock's secret passion for animals; in all the years of their friendship there had been nothing that could make him guess that the detective had a real love for animals, insects and reptiles included of course.
Placing the rucksack on one shoulder, he walked out of the living room and walked to the stairs heading upstairs.
-Yes, yes! Uncle John promised to take me to the museum and to we’ll have lunch out...-the little girl immediately replied-Can we have popcorn? - He heard her ask for the next moment.
I was always there, even if to get your damn cell phone out of your pocket, and where were you when I needed you? -
It was not the circumstances of their first meeting, not even the questionable fact that she had presented herself completely naked in front of him to make him uncomfortable, what had really impressed him had been her intelligence.
When his mind was busy with one of his fantastic puzzles or focused an experiment, hours passed by a triple speed, confusing day and night, making him forget all his futile primary needs, first of all sleep and eat.
When they entered the restaurant, they were greeted by a waiter they had never seen before who tried to direct them to a table away from the windows, but Sherlock headed to what he still considered "their" table after a three-year absence.
The next moment three menus were placed on the table by the same waiter, along with an extinguished candle that was placed in the center of the table.
It was only when the car was moving away from that crowd of vultures that John began to breathe again, hiding his face in his hands that shook for the frustration and adrenaline.
The woman shook her head and, after say farewell to the two men, retreated into her apartment, while Jack started going up the stairs, coming up to John.
Sherlock answered a wry smile and for a moment was on the verge of saying that John would never beat him, only if repeatedly solicited.
The living room bore the most obvious evidence of this, with various baby clothes abandoned on the sofa shoulder pad, a small swing between the sofa and Sherlock's armchair, at a safe distance from the tea table, toys scattered around the floor and a soft carpet with a music box of rag animals.
Completely naked, he went back to the bathroom and stood under the shower jet, vigorously rubbing his skin, trying to erase the smell of the road and the memory of his workday.
"And you said I was the charming one…" John said, while with one hand he gently stroked a pale cheek.
Greg took two fingers to the corners of his eyes, pressing hard for a few seconds, trying to resist the desire to yell at the cheeky bastard.
Then, instead of immediately lining up for the dinosaur section, already crowded with people, Emma ran to the staircase leading upstairs and, once reached by the two men, turned to them.
The last time Sherlock shared an apartment with a stranger, it didn't go very well-she said without explaining further and letting the silence fall for a few moments.
Fortunately, his body was dry and snappy, thanks to the hours spent chasing that wild madman through the city's alleys, saving him from the belly that it seemed to afflict many of his colleagues of his age.
It was enough for Greg to look in his eyes to know that the other was sincere; despite his great knowledge of mankind, there was still a sphere in which his partner was almost completely ignorant: despite the ability to recognize potential threats from the movement of an eyebrow or thanks to a nervous tic, both Holmes brothers were completely unable to handle their own emotions.
“That's exactly what I don't understand! Why do you want to go to this event when you and I have always avoided any label to being attached to us? How many times have we sent back gay associations invites to attend or sponsor some event? How many times have you yelled at some moronic journalist to correct their article? We never needed names or labels and I don't understand why you suddenly feel the need to identify yourself or us with one.”
-The living room is already messy as it is, if we add your belongings we will no longer be able to move-comment Sherlock moving his head left and right, considering the proposal.
The unexpected volume of the man's voice surprised Hamish, who held his hands a few seconds away from Mycroft's face, before his face turned into a disgruntled expression, on the verge of tears.
movement, Sherlock focused his attention on John, removing the bow from the strings interrupting the symphony in half; the blond stared at him with a raised eyebrow in what had always been an expression of benevolent reproach, and Sherlock rolled his eyes.
"The only explosion that caused significant damage to the apartment and the street was not caused by my experiment" said Sherlock.
When he finally regained full consciousness of himself, he had noticed some small changes that had taken place in Greg, starting from the smile that illuminated him every time he received a text, the smell of the different aftershave, ending with the clearly more expensive shirts.
"How about listening to some music, instead of the moans of a poor fool?" he asked, placing Hamish back on the tartan and standing up to the stereo system.
It was those words that woke John from his lethargy and awaken the anger that had been dormant all that time.
"I would have material to blackmail him for the rest of my life" John said with a wry smile, caressing the baby's hair, then making funny faces to make Hamish smile.
After Sherlock's return, Harry had repeatedly offered to "improve" Sherlock's appearance with a pair of well-placed punches, only reassuring herself when she knew John had preceded her.
Once again John found himself at a crossroads, forced to make a decision that would change the course of his life inexorably, but as so many times before the choice was very clear before him.
The odds of his return to Baker Street right now were minimal and seemed to thin even further with every question and every word he and Sherlock exchanged.
The best solution would be to turn his bedroom into a children's room, so that over the years Misha would have his little "shelter" to hide or to conduct his own experiments, if he had taken a little of Sherlock's scientific interest.
The night he got back to Baker Street, perhaps to silence the noises buzzing in his head since his encounter with Irene, John had let himself go and dragged Sherlock into the detective's bedroom, falling on the bed while getting rid of each other's clothes.
The same discourse could also be applied for himself: he had risked his life several times during his years of service in the Army, or running fearlessly behind the most varied criminals on the streets of London, and finally he had been on the verge of throwing away his own life several times when Sherlock was away.
Sherlock, still sitting on the floor, regained some of his confidence in those words, knowing that he could not do much to help John in his fight against the ghosts of the past.
Why was he talking to Hamish as if they had all the time in the world or as if his presence in the child's life was a certainty?
-Hey, don't forget I'm a detective! Also, it's a little hard not to ask questions when you see Holmes Senior in the office every two weeks- answered the woman.
Luckily, despite the fact that three days had passed, Sherlock had not let himself to be caught up in the boredom that inevitably followed their cases, focusing his attention on Hamish and experimenting with baby food: what foods were most appreciated and which it received, from the first taste, a total rejection.
For the first time since that madness began, Sherlock took a moment to look at the small body in his arms.
John fought against the need to look for Sherlock with his eyes, to reassure himself that the man was indeed there in the living room, and not a figment of his imagination, nodding in turn.
It wasn't a big shock to me, it was years since I first saw her locking herself in the room with her friends or sneaking out of her window when our parents went to sleep, but for a couple of months we were the city's favorite gossip-
"Yes, but it's a little flashy and I thought I'd never be able to find parking in central London, so...-said leaving the sentence in half.
Smiling Greg decided to leave him to his work and made his way to the main bedroom, undoing the buttons of the white shirt now full of wrinkles.
"Why don't you want to tell me what happened to you in the last three years?" Sherlock decided to ask.
Trying to avoid Sally’s curious look that John felt burning on his face, John took a long sip of beer, before being forced to surrender and meet her friend's hazel eyes.
Sherlock glanced bored at the waiter, and John could not hold back the slight smile that curved his lips: that poor boy did not know what he was against.
He stared at him next to the stereo, and the next moment the notes of a song he didn't know spread into the room.
John took the mug and set it on his left armrest, then leaned slightly toward the coffee table and took the paperback he had left there two days earlier.
That heart the detective thought he didn't have, but that James Moriarty had spotted at first glance...
Sherlock let out a short chuckled, lowering his head until he laid his forehead against John's, without making a move to untie the embrace.
"I know we've already had this conversation, but I just don't want them to be targeted or…" Sherlock added.
-I play the violin in the early hours of the morning... It helps me organize my thoughts and relaxes me- Sherlock explained as if it were the most natural thing inthe world.
So the tension, the fear that had accompanied him all day long had been unmotivated... John had no intention of leaving him.
Mycroft had rejected those thoughts, calling himself an idiot just for considering believing the word of a hustler boy.
"The fact that we share the same DNA is already a big problem " the detective commented, as if that answer ended the discussion.
-You need to rest, my fiancé is abroad on a business trip, I'm almost never home because of work... It's the best solution for everyone-he explained.
You know that I am not an expert in this field, but I know that at the beginning of a relationship you should keep a low profile and avoid spreading the word, so if the relationship were to end quickly, you would not run the risk of enduring the false platitudes of the acquaintances and friends.
For a moment in his mind returned the image of a tormented John struggling with his ghosts, unable to let go despite wanting Sherlock with everything in himself... He would give and do anything to never see such an anguished John again.
It had happened to him several times during their collaboration to observe the instant transformation: as a snake gets rid of its own skin, Sherlock freed himself of his detached and "insensitive" aura to become affectionate, caring or even fascinating to get the information needed to solve a case.
-Don't get me wrong, I never forgave her for her involvement in the events that led to your death, but during your absence, I got a chance to meet the person behind the cop.
The silence lasted for a few moments, but John had the absurd feeling that he had spent hours in that squeeze, before shaking himself and letting vent of the anger that still had not abandon him.
He got rid of his fears as he had done just few minutes before with his coat and, dissolving the embrace he had turned to open the door, shuddering when a slight kiss was laid at the base of the neck by two full lips.
They sat at one of the tables near the window and Greg left Daniel order, listening to him asking for a coffee, a sandwich with tomatoes and ham, a slice of cake and, after seeing them on the display behind their waiter, a couple of cookies with chocolate chips, before Greg ordered a coffee and a sandwich.
- That's why I'm worried: ever since Boss contacted me to take care of her, I've never been able to convince them to come to the clinic for a more thorough examination, for her fear of being seen by someone she knew before , or the possibility of Social Services locking her up in some care centre and then taking away her baby immediately after birth.
The detective looked up at John, not knowing if it was a joke for a few moments until it became clear to him that John was offering him one last chance to escape.
John's gaze was on him, watching him carefully, noting his black trousers, purple shirt (chosen for the occasion as it had always been one of John ‘s favorite) and a black jacket, before meeting his gaze and giving him a small smile.
-Understanding the depth of my  feelings, knowing how far I would go for you and being aware at the same time that nothing will ever happen between us made me feel...- said John unable to find the right words to describe what he had felt back then.
He understood from the sudden change in John's posture that something had bothered him: was it something he had said?
-Be good, eat your vegetables, brush your teeth and get out of the shower when Uncle John asks me, don't stay up late...- said the little girl as if it were a song.
-Don't play dummy, it’s never been one of your best talents... At least not with me-Greg scolded him.
There were four men... One of them was still a little boy, he would not have been more than twelve years old- John said, looking up and taking a deep breath.
Sherlock had allowed himself the temptation of sex only a few times in his life, and each time he had failed to understand all the enthusiasm that surrounded those few technical and repetitive actions that accompanied it.
Still smiling, John looked up at Sherlock, meeting the same eyes that had just looked at him from a much younger face: while Hamish's gaze had been of sheer happiness, Sherlock's gaze was more watchful, clearly uncertain whether to show his feelings or not.
"Promise me you'll keep an eye on him while I'm gone" the doctor asked him again, his voice steadier.
He was born immediately after the war and as a child had to learn to look after himself and his brother William.
Despite all the chaos his arrival had brought with him, Hamish was an innocent and helpless child that John felt the absurd impulse to protect.
Sherlock stepped away from the door and moved to the kitchen with his head held high and his back straight, to prove to the couple that their intimacy left him completely indifferent.
A glance at John's clothes confirmed John's encounter with reporters, a small stain on his right cuff and the slight smell of alcohol told him about the beers the man had been drinking in the time away from home(
Without even realizing it, he found himself in the street, the Belstaff on and the blue scarf around his neck.
A small cocoon of love and serenity that had been severely affected by Harriet's coming out: Elisabeth, their mother, had spent months wondering what she had done wrong to provoke a change so radical in her only daughter, but slowly and mostly thanks to Clara's help, the wonderful Clara, had managed to come to terms with the novelty and above all to accept her and her daughter.
John tried to hold back a laugh: Stephanie had completely lost her mind for Jack since she first saw him, despite her suspicion that there was more to him and Dr Watson than friendship.
Unhappy with his position, Sherlock moved around on the sofa until he came closer to John, his back against the armrest of the sofa pulling his partner closer until John's back was against his chest, an arm around John’s waist, satisfied and happy to see the absolute confidence with which John relaxed against him, laying his head against his right shoulder, a hand on Sherlock’s left arm.
-No! In fact, I don't understand why you are! We've known for a long time that Greg and Mycroft were a couple- he pointed out, taking a beer for himself from the fridge.
It was terribly obvious, almost to the limit of boredom, what had happened in the living room just now: why had no one had the balls so far to deal with that topic?
John stared at him for a few moments, in disbelief at how advanced and articulate Sherlock's plans were; hearing him speak it was almost possible to imagine that that idea was achievable.
After all, there could be nothing wrong with those sedatives if the doctors prescribed them to me... I know, on second thought, it sounds really idiotic now, but it made really sense at the time.
Following an instinct, Sherlock stood up and, after wearing his blue silk robe, opened the door of his room, thus finding himself in the living room.
They found themselves in the small kitchen and Sherlock sat down to one of the faux-wood chairs around the table, while Mrs. Hudson started to fill the kettle with water.
-You finally woke up. You must have taken from your mother in this field-commented Sherlock picking up the baby stopping by the crib for a few moments, leaving him time to wake up altogether.
Sherlock let go an ironic chuckle but then walked away from the doctor; the kettle had turn off automatically after the arrival of Sherlock and the only contribution to the preparation of breakfast made by the detective was to pour boiling water into the  mugs, leaving  the tea infused.
Perhaps the death of their father when they were both young had had more substantial effects than Sherlock had let out in his retelling, something that had led the two brothers to consider feelings as weights that could put them at a disadvantage with their enemies.
Despite the late hour, the streets of the city center were always crowded with tourists and Londoners who indulged in a "special" evening, but Greg managed to get to Soho without any problems, showing his badge to get free parking in the parking lot two streets away from the crime scene.
"Then I'm taking it with me, I'm going to read it in the car" he said, turning to Anthea waiting to receive the vanilla folder.
Mycroft took advantage of that moment of confusion to get away from the living room headed into the kitchen.
John said those words to him, looking Sherlock in the eye, even though he felt pathetic even just to admit what he considered a weakness.
Unable to take his eyes off the couple, Greg lingered with his eyes for a few moments, wondering why the universe was ganging up on him like that, putting in front of his eyes a concrete evidence that his partner would be a perfect father, just as his head continued to wreak havoc because of that unexpected and forbidden desire.
It was always a strange feeling to find himself in Aldershot: those streets had seen him as a child, they had seen his first attempts with bikes and then with cars, they had witnessed his fights and the clumsy approaches with girls, they had seen him drunk and also completely  sober as he tried to get Harry home without waking their parents.
Before he could decide, he heard the sound of the door opening above him and noisy steps on the stairs announcing John's arrival in the living room.
And that's why Sherlock and I would like to give you back something you gave up to carry on your pregnancy: a family, the certainty of having someone by your side, a future... For you and your little girl-
For his part Hamish seemed beguiled by John, perhaps already aware of the differences in attitude that were between the man and Sherlock, moving his gaze on John every time he heard him speak, showing him every object that caught his attention so that John could shared that discovery with him and snuggled up against his chest when the doctor picked him up.
") and was able, with a little help, to get rid of the symbol of his own weaknesses: the cane- concluded the detective.
It was obvious that John was angry, his body radiated aggression and frustration, and Sherlock wondered what to do or say to avoid the quarrel that would otherwise ensue.
Trying to overcome the embarrassment, John laid down an empty plate in front of the detective and took the tea cup well aware that the detective was totally unable to prepare a decent tea, so he threw the drink into the sink and filled the cup again adding two teaspoons of sugar, leaving it next to Sherlock.
After all, Irene had left once again, leaving Hamish at their doorstep like the morning mail, so why ruin his own life and Sherlock's for one mistake?
"I've already had breakfast and I've had an appointment with some old friends in an hour, where more tea will be served, so I better leave some space" he said, sitting down at the table anyway.
Jack frowned and stared at the detective confused, leading the other to raise his eyes to the sky and add more information.
The man met her gaze again, putting the empty bottle on the coffee table a short distance from the armchair.
The noise of the shower stopped, taking John away from his thoughts and bringing him back to the present, stretching out a hand towards the bottle of London Pride for a long sip.
That's why he needs someone who's always by his side to berate him when he's acting like an idiot or even to make sure he doesn't feel too lonely- he ended with a smile.
But going home meant coming face-to-face with Mycroft and he still didn't feel ready to face his partner.
With his hands planted on both sides of Sherlock's shoulders, John moved his hips, rubbing his body against Sherlock’s mighty and muscular one; the friction of his bare skin against Sherlock's was perfect, but never as the man below him: his black hair were unruly on the white pillow, his perfect lips were swollen for their kisses, and his face was flushed with desire; finally Sherlock’s long and naked body, in spite of their differences, seemed to fit perfectly to John’s.
-At first I was furious, but I accepted her reasons: no one likes to spend their days in the hope of receiving news, or a short phone call, not knowing if that will be the day when an unknown soldier knocks on your door to tell you that your boyfriend died-
Their first meeting had not gone as he had hoped, leaving him with a cracked rib, some bruises on his face and a small cut right above his top lip.
It wasn't the first time the detective had been showing off his knowledge of languages, but each time it was a pleasure: to hear the way Sherlock's low, vibrant voice modulated around the different rhythms of French, Spanish or in this case Italian always left John breathless and excited.
I just want you to know that whatever your decision is, we will be by your side, that you will decide for or against our proposal I will still be your doctor and I will take care of you for the rest of the pregnancy.
Sherlock identified three voices: a man, clearly John, and two women, one adult and the other, saw the ringing and excited timbre, a little girl.
-He was a presumptuous asshole! Convinced to be the best fuck in all of London... And he didn't think twice before getting paid for his services" Daniel said.
Sherlock rubbed his face with his hand, trying to fully wake up from his nap and opened his eyes, initially staring at the ceiling above him and then at John's blond hair.
He avoided asking her what her plans were for that day and promised her that he would do everything he could to stop by to Baker Street even just for a greeting or a cup of tea.
He tried unnecessarily to brush his hair with his fingers but a few moments later he declared himself defeated and brought his hands back to the stirring wheel.
Once there, the sound of the conversation between Misha and Sherlock arrived at his ears, making him instinctively smile.
Clearly upset by what had happened in the living room, the detective dropped himself like dead weight on his bed, fighting against the desire to smoke.
"But I wouldn't be able to recognize your lies" John pointed out, aware of the man acting abilities.
If you were so suspicious, why didn't you pick up the phone and ask Sherlock to investigate? Oh no, just your image would have come out weak.
In the short interval that it took the detective to get away from the door, John catalogued all the possible information he could read on the man's face: the hair, more rebellious than usual, perhaps because of Hamish, the nervous movements of the limbs that showed clearly his anxiety and the uncertainty that accompanied that meeting, the slightly hollowed face from which John could deduce the days spent without food.
The detective remained silent for a few moments, unconsciously stroking Hamish's back, tidying his thoughts and searching for the appropriate words to deal with that conversation that he felt was unpleasant but necessary.
Sherlock's eyes widened at those words, looking at the man and wondering how he had not noticed it before.
In the crowd, Sherlock swiftly recognized the annoying fly, but was surprised to find Lestrade, Molly, Sarah, Sally, and even Mrs. Hudson in the front rows, sitting next to Harriet and Mr. Watson.
John reciprocated that look for a few moments, before giving him a small light smile, for once in possession of a secret that Sherlock had not been able to deduce.
A normal person, after leaving Baker Street, would have gone to his apartment for the first time in three days, instead of getting lost in the sporadic traffic that ran through London at night, driving aimlessly, lost in his thoughts with Sherlock's words still running in his head.
Finally, the gate was open and, with a slight touch to the accelerator, Greg gave strength again to the engine, entering a tunnel that, he was certain, would lead him to his destination.
"You promised to help me with my research, did you forget?" the little girl replied, placing her backpack on the table.
Perhaps aware that he was not fully focused on his own work, or perhaps deeming the crime boring, Sherlock was quickly gone, his cell phone in one hand, his fingers moving frantically in the composition of a text.
Every noise in the room suddenly ceased, projecting the image of John standing motionless by the door, his coat already on and his gaze fixed on him.
He opened the water in the shower and got rid of his dressing gown, looked carefully in the mirror: his hair was a disaster, shot in all directions giving him an unusual punk look, on his cheeks he could see a slight hint of stubble, but his eyes were happy and alive as few times he had seen them in the last year.
Without even realizing it, John took the few steps that separated him from Sherlock and closed his arms around Sherlock’s waist, hiding his face in the man's broad and straight back.
Since his arrival, Hamish had done nothing but chat to himself to keep himself company, eat and sleep.
There wasn't much to analyze, except the complete failure of a relationship that ended before it even started...
What human being willingly inflicted the suffering John had to endure only to protect himself, to carry out his mission?
After taking a quick look at the blog post, half done, and aware that Sherlock would not help with the writing of it, John saved the document and closed the laptop, placing it on the coffee table before sitting more comfortably on the couch.
-It wasn't easy to come back after all this time and realize that my deductions were wrong...- he started.
He knew that Molly had a boyfriend; it was  evident since the last time he had seen her and  it had taken him a look in her apartment to realize it,  almost  a year and a half before, but for some reason he never thought it was the Detective  Dimmock .
For a few moments John stiffened, surprised by Sherlock's unexpected move, but relaxed again when he heard the happy sigh that ran to Sherlock's lips, once he had settled comfortably against him, his long legs folded on the sofa, an unexpected smile to curve his lips.
-Ah... Yeah, quite right- commented making the doctor chuckle. - Listen, I don't need big declarations of love, mainly because they are not my style, but also because I can clearly read your feelings on your face, I see it in your gestures...- he added.
That morning, after leaving Harry's apartment, the doctor had phoned Mrs. Hudson to have the certainty that Sherlock had already left, so that he could return to Baker Street to wear a new pair of jeans, combined with a clean shirt and sweater.
He knew John... He would never be able to overcome that reverential fear that shook him every time he came face to face with Mycroft, let alone  succumb to violence!
what you’re talking about.” The words came out like a hiss, ground to dust between Sherlock’s teeth. “How could you possibly have any idea at all?”
John hadn’t been sure about Martin at first, but she was growing on him. And she would have kept growing on him if she hadn’t immediately followed up with-
With that new consideration in mind, John reached out on the table and clasped his fingers around Sherlock’s pale and elongated fingers, seizing the brief tension that crossed Sherlock's muscles at that unexpected gesture.
He had missed it and for a moment wondered what had happened to his scientific equipment, and then immediately put the thought away.
Mycroft initially thought of calling Gregory and offering his help in finding the boy, but then realized that the offer would not be well accepted, especially considering the way the man had left the apartment.
Despite Anthea's differences and obvious distrust of mankind, apart from Mycroft, Greg and Anthea had managed to create a convivial relationship; they would never become friends, they would almost certainly never spend an evening at the pub telling each other the most hidden secrets of their souls or funny stories about Mycroft, but at least it was nice to know that they were able to stay in the same room without slit their throats.
); then there were others from which John was very happy to stay away because of the halo of secrecy that they carried behind
John needed time... He would return and he would be terribly magnanimous to grant him his forgiveness and time to hear the explanations that he was surely curious to know.
A movement in the living room brought his attention to the door, followed a few moments later by the sound of steps on the stairs (
Lestrade had sent him a SoHo address, so their cab took only twenty minutes to arrive at the crime scene.
Unable to think under that rain of stimuli, Sherlock let himself go,  a hand firmly clasped around the corner of the table to hold himself up, folded almost completely on John, until a distant noise forced him to pay a tenth of his attention to what was going on outside their apartment, searching for the origin of the noise in his archive and suddenly stiffening in the embrace when he recognized it.
Sherlock was not the type to have meaningless love affairs, only for the base human instinct to "spend a night with someone”.
was Baker Street with the perfectly neat chaos, Mrs. Hudson and her cookies, the light of the lamppost coming in from the window next to the lectern and lighting up the music sheets allowing him to keep playing  all night.
Without adding anything else, he got into  the car, keeping himself slightly away from the man and placing his bag on the ground between them.
-He continued to live in Baker Street despite Greg and Harry offering him a place to stay, just because that apartment is the only connection he has with you.
He turned on the light in the bedroom and once again looked around, looking at the tailoring suit folded neatly on an armchair to the right of the bed, the Egyptian cotton sheets perfectly pulled and the various photos placed on the dresser or hanging on the walls, which portrayed the couple.
With an expected hands John moved on her belly, checking that there were no sore or too tender areas and then nodded satisfied.
Usually their crime scenes were abandoned alleys, or derelict shelters, crumbling houses where the closest thing to civilization was a dirty sink with rusty faucets.
John recalled how Sherlock had trusted him completely the day after meeting him for the first time, to the point where the detective involved him in his reckless lifestyle electing him his partner.
The young man's eyes quickly moved across his face, observing every little imperfection of his face, every wrinkle, and stared for a few moments at his brown eyes.
He saw her move the weight of her body from one foot to the other, embarrassed and clearly uncomfortable
Sincerely reassured by that decision, John took one last look in the mirror before heading to the bathroom door and turning the handle.
Gregory appeared in the living room and, for the second time that day, was surprised to find Mycroft there; but if that morning an affectionate smile had stretched out on the man's lips, now the weary face of the detective remained tense and closed.
As John Watson tried to do good with his medical knowledge, Greg Lestrade scrambled to do the same with his work.
-The day I finally got my hands on Moran was one of the happiest days of my life-commented Sherlock.
As he had imagined, John was in the kitchen wearing his dressing gown and boxers, an amused smile on his lips, but not alone: with one arm fastened around the doctor's hips, a wooden spoon in his other hand, and wearing only a pair of tight black boxers, there was Jack Micheals.
He walked to the bathroom and looked in the mirror: that hair was unwatchable, he absolutely had to fix it.
-Obviously- Sherlock commented annoyed, sitting down with a quick motion, his gaze fixed on John’s face. - Clearly, this is not a case because Lestrade did not send me any message nor tried to contact me before calling you; also since you're done talking to Lestrade you're tense and you're acting weird, avoiding my gaze, which means that our dear detective asked you to go alone- Sherlock concluded all in one breath.
“I’m here now, thought, aren’t I?” he said, palms upturned, pleading. “I could have run again, but I came back for you- that has to count for something.”
John paused, choosing a careful transition to his next question. "I wasn't going to ask this before, but it seems relevant to the case, and I'd at least like to
When the world had righted itself, Sherlock slumped forward, just as John rose to meet him. The tumbled sidelong over the bed, legs tangled, skin sweat-slicked and burning. John found that he couldn’t stop touching Sherlock, running a hand down his arm, his side, roaming back up the plains of his chest. Sherlock was the same, tracing the veins in the crook of John’s elbow, pressing his thumb to the pounding pulse in John’s neck.
If John had known her better, he would have thought that Martin looked a little disappointed. Mycroft and Lestrade both looked relieved. Donovan and Anderson just looked smug.
John forgot about the pain in his leg as he stumbled into the hall, gun ready, wearing only his pants. Sherlock came out behind him, wrapped in a bedsheet, rubbing at his eyes, mumbling curses.
, John, a monster who has done a myriad of terrible things- one of which caused the death of someone I was very close to."
Even in his sleep, John can sense Sherlock watching him, calculating stare glued to John's face, deducing who knows what. That state would normally be unnerving, but he isn't really bothered by it until he feels Sherlock slide away, not out of bed but just to the other side of it, just out of John's reach. It's then that John resurfaces.
There was blood crusted on Sherlock’s forehead- it flaked and fell as he blinked awake, looked around. The taste of it was dry on his lips- he squinted in pain at the throbbing bass drum banging away behind his right eye.
“No reason.” John allowed the conversation to end there, having finally been given the chance to take his coat and shoes off. The silence persisted for several minutes, during which John made tea and deliberated to himself what he would have for dinner, and whether or not he should even bother trying to get Sherlock to eat. By the time either of them spoke again, John was in his chair, steaming mug in hand and computer warming up on his lap. Sherlock had retreated back to the sofa and was clearly lost in thought.
This temptation, he resisted. It had become a common practise to resist temptation where Sherlock was concerned; this was no different.
“What time is it?” John asked, watching as Sherlock slid his cot loudly across the floor so that it sat side-by-side with John’s.
It was a Friday night, and Angelo's was packed. Sherlock must have called ahead, though, because he and John were shown to a table (
“Then there’s only one way left to save you, if you won’t save yourself.” Victor reached back into the waistband of his jeans, and yes,
of boring," John pointed out. "The murder bit, I mean. A bit ambitious, isn't it? Trying to kill someone with dozens of witnesses present?"
John looked down and saw his phone on the side table- and Sherlock’s phone sitting next to it. He felt his heart plunge into his stomach, even as it began to race.
Sherlock took the initiative and put the kettle on, and then sat at the table to watch John cook, eyes darting away whenever John looked at him, clearly waiting for John to make some comment about how hell must have frozen over if Sherlock was actually helping with breakfast for once. John wasn't about to spoil this pleasant domesticity with sarcastic remarks, though, so Sherlock would just have to be happy with John's silent gratitude.
"Ha ha," John retorted, clearly taking Sherlock's compliment as sarcasm. "Revenge is the most basic motive there is. Anyone could have figured that out."
impression?” This came from Mycroft, when John had expected the criticism of his rather obvious statement to come from Sherlock, who was still silent and completely unmoving. John stared at him, looking for signs of life, and was very nearly worried.
He hadn’t changed much. Outwardly, perhaps- his hair had been dark when Sherlock had first known him, the only grey pushing in at his temples. His beard was longer now, more bushy than the close-cropped style he’d had in those days. The skin around his eyes was smooth, too smooth for a man his age- botox then, or some such injectable- so his vanity was the same. So would be his pride, his boorishness, his manipulation. Some things, Sherlock knew, truly were constants.
"Compliments of my brother," Sherlock said dryly; he draped one garment bag across the table next to John and placed a shoebox on top of it. He then disappeared to his bedroom without another word.
After a cursory search of the car’s GPS, he concluded that it would take him almost two hours to reach his destination. He only hoped he would get there in time.
John emerged from the bathroom with a damp flannel, still just as naked but significantly cleaner. Sherlock reached out for him, wordlessly, not even sure why he’d done it until John was back in his arms, wiping him clean. Of all the ways John had ever touched him, this was somehow the most intimate.
As Sherlock was thinking this, he began his trek through the dense, wet forest. So lost in thought was he, that the shadow over his shoulder managed to go unnoticed- until it was too late.
“Christ, you’re gorgeous,” John continued, lifting Sherlock’s unoccupied hand, kissing each of his fingertips in turn. “Stunning, really. Not to mention amazing, and brilliant, and
When John wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s cock, stroking it in time with the thrust of his fingers, Sherlock let out what he was sure was the most embarrassing sound he’d ever made; It was somewhere between a yelp and a whimper, if such a thing was even possible.  He reflexively clapped a hand over his mouth, stifling the continuous stream of moans that wanted to escape. Every second of John’s prolonged touch was heaven, was torture. He never wanted it to end- but it still wasn’t enough.
This was enough to break John out of his trance- he seized Sherlock by the hips, lifting him up just as he pushed him back, leaving him spread on his back across the bed once again. John wasted no time getting out of his own jeans and pants before divesting Sherlock of his remaining clothing. And then they were naked, the both of them, John kneeling between Sherlock’s legs, knocked breathless by the sight before him.
There's a lot of dialogue in this chapter and I'm sorry if it seems ooc- but then again no I'm not because fuck Moftiss I can write these characters however I want to! This took so long because I ran into writer's block the size of Texas- I really just wanted to get this finished, so this is what I have. Thanks for reading this story, I hope you've enjoyed it.
"Yes." Sherlock placed his violin back in its case- John had never seen Sherlock be so tender with anything as he was with that instrument. "It sounds somewhat strange on the violin, " he continued. "The version I have memorised is for the piano- it's a duet, actually- so I had to improvise."
“Sh-fuck,” John slurred, head fallen back, eyes closed and face flushed, ecstasy plain on his face. Sherlock bit his lip, tasting the sweat as it rolled down his face.
Later, John would only recover a scattered few memories from those harrowing moments. He would forget what was said, the gunshot, the fall- but he would recall Sherlock’s voice, his hands, his eyes.
It was then that Sherlock hit his mark. The tip of John’s cock made contact with Sherlock’s prostate, sending a jolt of electricity up his spine the likes of which he’d never felt. He nearly screamed, letting go of his cock and planting his hands on John’s chest to steady himself as his climax overtook him.
Sherlock emerged from his room a little less than an hour later, dressed in pajamas and a dressing gown. No one would look at him and think he was going to a state gala in a few hours. John thought of the suit he had yet to see, the colours and the lines and what they would look like on Sherlock’s body. There was no doubt that he would look stunning. Even now, in the slouchiest of his clothes, a t-shirt with holes in the collar, Sherlock looked like a Renaissance painting, or perhaps Michaelangelo’s David, his marble skin pale and nearly translucent in the grey-wash light of the rainy afternoon outside.
“Of course not, John.” Sherlock got to his feet, brushing himself off, steadied only by John’s hand on his arm. “Unlike some, my first instinct upon catastrophe is not to fake my death.”
"Ask," Sherlock whispered anyway. He was leaning forward toward John, so close that he could see himself reflected in John's pupils.
John had meant for this to lighten the air around them, to lift the conversation from its current depths- but he was pretty sure he'd failed, though not entirely, since Sherlock did smile for the briefest of moments.
“Insatiable,” he teased, and pulled himself away- every cell in his body screamed in protest, reaching back toward Sherlock- but he went anyway, limping a little as he made his way to the loo.
were hungry," Sherlock explained, glancing at John sideways, as if John were the sun and it would hurt to look directly at him. "And I didn't want you to have to eat alone."
“That still leaves quite a window of time,” Martin pointed out, “which is consistent with the timing of Trevor’s escape.”
For his part, John didn't look all that surprised. He must have expected an answer similar to that, Sherlock supposed, what with Mycroft's hints at Hurst's past wrongdoing and the acidic advice to Sherlock about holding on to anger. John was so much more observant that anyone gave him credit for, John included, Sherlock especially. He made a note to tell John just how remarkable he really was, should he ever gather up the courage to make himself (
“With all due respect, you don’t know him.” John looked to Lestrade, to Mycroft. “None of you do. Not really. It seems like I’m the only one who consistently gives him the benefit of the doubt. It’s no wonder he keep secrets, with how quick you all are to disbelieve him, to discredit him, to-”
Of course, John has been woken by nightmares. He doesn't count those as being Sherlock's doing- in fact, the nightmares have become few and far between and faded almost completely since he moved into Baker Street. He believes he has Sherlock Holmes to thank for that.
Most of the pieces were already there- almost all of them, in fact, certainly enough to satisfy most people's curiosity. John, of course, had more curiosity than most people- part of it was just the way he was, but there was no denying the fact that the other half of his desire to know came from his relationship with Sherlock. John liked to think he knew Sherlock better than anyone else (barring Mycroft of course), but when it came to things like this, to matters involving Sherlock's past and Sherlock's emotions regarding said past- John was just as hopelessly lost as anyone else would be.
Sherlock has tears in his eyes when he kisses John this time. John brushes them away and kisses Sherlock back and keeps on kissing him, doesn't stop kissing him until the only word Sherlock remembers is John's name, until they're both coming apart all over again, clinging to each other without the slightest intention of ever letting go.
“I will be in attendance, of course, watching out for anything out of place,” Mycroft explained. “There will be intelligence officers as well, but none of them are so observant as Sherlock, nor myself especially. I will have eyes on the crowd, and Sherlock will be shadowing the target.”
Truth be told, John didn't know which one was worse- for Sherlock to love her, or for Sherlock to love no one. One thing John
“So he wants to ruin my reputation.” Sherlock scoffed. “I couldn’t give less of a damn about my reputation.”
"Yeah. I was spiraling, Sherlock. I was going nowhere- had no direction to go in anyway, even if I could have gotten myself going again at all. And then I met you. If I hadn't, well- I don't like to think about what I might have done."
Victor collapsed a second later, blood bursting beneath the fabric of his shirt- such a small stain for such catastrophic damage. Sherlock was momentarily tempted to look up and behind, to try and spot the sniper, but he knew they would be gone soon, if they weren’t already.
Sherlock blinked and John smiled. It was a bright, fierce thing that Sherlock wanted to touch, just to know how soft it felt; a thing he wanted to kiss, just to know how sweet it tasted.
John kissed him once, softly, smoothing back errant curls from Sherlock’s forehead. “If you want to wait-”
John still hadn't taken his eyes from the paper, though he'd stopped reading it the moment Sherlock had spoken. That detail, however small, was immensely satisfying.
“The news of Victor’s escape broke overnight,” Lestrade explained. “But they also somehow know that Sherlock is missing. They’re making a lot of assumptions.”
True to his word, Sherlock remained intact, though his cheeks were redder now than John had ever seen them. He kept his fingers laced with John’s while his free hand rested on his own chest, almost shaking. His cock was laid across his stomach, leaking now, rocking with John’s every move.
"So, tell me again about this party tomorrow. I'm assuming there's a little bit more to it than 'pin the tail on the assassin'."
It had rained that morning, making the ground soft and slippery and soaked, though the sun was in full view when they covered the casket with the still-damp earth. Sherlock had ruined the knees of his best trousers, caked them with the newly-disturbed dirt that had turned to mud and stayed under his fingernails for days afterward.
Sherlock became aware that he had been staring into space when John started to rock back and forth, shifting in and out of Sherlock's field of vision in an effort to get his attention.
HELLO. I swear to God I am going to finish this thing, but another small arc for this story has wormed its way into my brain, so bear with me.
"It concerns her Majesty's interests, and therefore it concerns my brother. He practically runs the Foreign Office, after all. Singlehandedly, at times." Sherlock took a sip of his wine, fingers so tight on the stem of the glass that John thought it might break. "And Hurst is a political ally who Mycroft does not wish to lose."
He dropped his phone on the table and laid down on the cot, not even bothering to get under the blanket. Life in the military had made it possible for him to fall asleep just about anywhere. He dozed off in a matter of minutes, smiling to himself as he imagined Sherlock, two hallways over, haranguing Mycroft and his American counterpart.
“What?” Sherlock asked, looking up like he’d forgotten John was there. “Oh, yes, of course I’m alright. Why wouldn’t I be alright?”
“He didn’t send me, if that’s what you’re asking.” Victor reached for Sherlock’s hand, but Sherlock evaded him, holding him only by the eyes. “I’m only here for you. I swear.”
Sherlock took John’s hand, throwing him off balance, inadvertently causing his hips to shift. Sherlock’s breath hitched, and John gasped.
“Not intransigent at all, no,” John said under his breath, rolling his eyes and smiling at the way his words made Sherlock pout. “What’s this about?” he asked Mycroft. “I’m assuming it’s not anything really important, or interesting, otherwise you’d have gotten him to say
Mycroft was waiting for them when they arrived at Scotland Yard. He had sequestered himself in a large conference room on the uppermost floor of the building. He looked unruffled and nonplussed- dressed immaculately, not a hair out of place. None of this was unusual for him, of course, even at this ungodly hour. John had essentially come to the conclusion that Mycroft was actually a robot, engineered by the Holmeses as an immortal nanny for Sherlock.
John was right, yet again- if the shaking gasps of Victor’s breaths were anything to go by, it didn’t seem like he had very much time left at all.
"What I was saying, while you were playing moon-man just now," John shifted topics without missing a beat, another indicator to Sherlock that he was only seeing things because he wanted to see them, "was that maybe that's the motive. Hurst is a monster, you said. So he's got enemies- maybe one of them is out for revenge."
Martin tilted her head and crossed her arms. “You’re both material witnesses in the ongoing prosecution of Victor Trevor. I have to put you in protective custody until the matter is resolved. You can refuse, of course, but then I’ll have no choice but to arrest you for contempt and obstruction of justice.”
“There was that old dinghy we found buried in the boat house- we fixed it up so we could row down the lake, remember?”
“I would hate to see any collateral damage incurred as a result of your absence. It would be a shame for any more lives to be lost in the matter.”
“I was working a temp job, substituting for regular drivers- ended up on a two day assignment- posh, some business fuck or something, don’t remember the name. Reminded me a little of my dad at first, which I didn’t like. But whatever, we struck up a conversation. He turned out to be nice enough, not your usual six-figure arsehole. I mentioned my money troubles to him in passing, just in passing. Never thought it would lead to anything.”
In "The Adventure of the Gloria Scott", the Bad Man's name is Hudson. This would obviously be confusing and cause challenges because of our dear (not your) housekeeper. So I changed it to Hurst. My condolences to Conan Doyle for his tragic inability to name people with proper consistency. RIP to a legend.
John looked once more at the garment bag and sighed. Then he took it up to his room. On his way up the stairs, he heard Sherlock's door slam open and then slam shut again.
When they stepped out onto the pavement in front of Baker Street, John immediately rushed to the stoop. It took Sherlock a moment longer to see what John saw- the front door had been forced open.
“I’m saying come with me! Let’s disappear, run off together, and no one will know where we’ve gone! You’ll be safe, and we’ll be together, like we used to be. Like it’s
Sherlock took a deep breath and looked away from John for a moment, pulling at the sleeves of his dressing gown and biting the inside of his cheek, both things he did when he felt the need to occupy his hands or his mouth and there was no violin or cigarette nearby.
Minutes, but what could have been hours later, Sherlock was sprawled on the bed, stripped to the waist, having lost his shoes and not being sure when or how he had done so. All that mattered now was that John was there, kneeling over him, working his hand between their bodies to pop the button on Sherlock’s trousers while he bit a bruise into the hollow space above Sherlock’s collarbone. Sherlock hissed and moaned in encouragement, pouting a little when John pulled away to look down at him.
He was so close- any longer, and he would fall apart completely. But then John pulled back suddenly, and that was far worse. Sherlock reached out blindly, pulling John down on top of him, kissing him desperately, mouth and teeth and tongue. John returned the kiss with equal fervour, breaking away only when breathing became an absolute necessity.
Sherlock groaned in pleasure. “I may have been thinking of you this afternoon, while you were at work. I may have been thinking of you yesterday as well. And the day before that. And of course by thinking of you, I mean-”
“Yeah- yeah.” John looked up at him through heavy-lidded eyes; he gripped Sherlock’s thighs, blunt nails digging into tender skin, the sting of it sweet, spurring Sherlock on.
John imagined she must have won a lot of arguments with that line, but she’d never met Sherlock before. He wordlessly held out his wrists, as if daring her to try it.
John was laughing now, and Sherlock steeled himself, pressed his palms hard to the tabletop and let it wash over him, the sound of it chest-deep and soothing, a great wave breaking across the shore.
"Why did you want to go to Angelo's? You barely touched your food," John asked absentmindedly, when they stopped on the front step so one of them could dig out their keys- neither of them did at first, thinking the other would be the one to do it.
Twice, John has been woken by explosions. Small ones, too be sure, experiments gone wrong that set off the fire alarm and had John all but tripping down the stairs and into the kitchen to ensure that Sherlock hadn't seriously injured himself (or the flat) this time. On one of these two such occasions, he simply took one look at Sherlock, turned around, and laughed himself all the way back upstairs into bed, falling back to sleep almost as soon as his head hit the pillow. Sherlock's eyebrow had only taken a week to grow back, and John had never been more endeared to Sherlock than when he'd noticed Sherlock pouting at his own appearance in the mirror every time he thought John wasn't looking.
John smirked, sliding closer, his mouth pressed close to Sherlock’s ear. “And that wasn’t even me at full strength.”
Sherlock could sense the moment Mycroft arrived, materialising like a spectre at the top of the stairs. Sherlock immediately stood, sneaking into the bathroom and pushing the door ajar so he could catch a glimpse of Mycroft’s impending interaction with John.
There was no more talking after that. There were words, of course, strung together in sentences that made up meaningless conversation, humorously exaggerated retellings of old cases,
“They really rolled out the red carpet for us, yeah?” John joked, laying back down himself. Even with the cots shoved together, the two of them were still separated by about one foot of impassable space. Unacceptable, but John really didn’t think one cot would hold them both. A travesty, really.
It would be another house before he would reach his destination- the thought of the long road ahead had Sherlock’s foot pushing hard on the pedal, mind racing along with the landscape past his windows. He’d never liked driving, never liked the focus required, how it took away from the equal focus required for planning his next move. Driving was merely a skill he’d acquired merely because of the undeniable probability that it would someday prove useful. It was the same as being sociable, or having knowledge of the solar system- others might deem them necessary, but Sherlock could only quantify them by their immediate usefulness.
