He looks away. He can’t hold that gaze. Doesn’t know what to do with the energy vibrating between them. So he does what he knows, he looks away and tries to brush it off.
“We’ll stay in touch Becky.” Sam said.
Johnny disappeared through a door behind the desk.
They don’t talk much but between the music Sam fills the silence. He calls Eileen who says she’ll meet them when they get back. She’s happy to hear about Cas.
Dean shrugs, “I don’t know man, it’s just, with Sam’s whole hunting headquarters thing there’s always people around. And that’s not- that’s a good thing I mean that’s what the bunker’s for but…”
John nods.
. It had started to feel like it was too good to be true. Four weeks since they’d defeated Chuck, since Jack had become God with a capital G and Cas had come home. The first four weeks of his life where things had seemed ok. There was nothing hanging over his head and he actually had time to breathe. Of course it wouldn’t last.
Sam shakes his head, taking a sip of his beer.
Well, if he came straight to where we are that sounds like the blood spell that Henry-
I swear that's it.
You're damn right it is. Who would have thought Dean Winchester living long enough to get grey hair?
Cas takes a moment to respond then-
Uh, yeah I guess there is- Her name's Eileen.
That waitress girl seems nice. And now Yellow-Eyes is gone you could... Well, I didn't think you'd hunt forever.
And it’s damn good.
I don't think you can.
Dean, what-
“I don’t know. I thought you were in Nebraska?”
Dean’s mouth goes dry as his mind goes into overdrive.
“I’m still scared.”
Sam stands at the side of the room, a beer clasped loosely in his hand. His expression is soft, almost unreadable, like he's trying to process what he's seeing. That this is real.
He almost turns it down, says it’s was probably nothing, says they should probably let someone else take it. But he doesn’t
So, what are you going to do then?
John raises an eyebrow.
(finally looking at Jack)
CLICK.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - DEAN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
After about an hour of walking, Dean was kind of hoping Sammy would have arrived at one of his bright ideas. Unfortunately, the only bright thing around here was the sun. His brother looked thoroughly out of his element, the back of his shirt already soaked in sweat under a layer of flies. Apparently being a walking lore encyclopaedia didn’t prepare you for being dumped in the middle of Australia. So now Earth Hell had broken Sam. Freaking Australia.
It’s an easy suggestion. Not that he really wants to watch anything. He just doesn’t want Cas to walk out again. Needs some reason to keep him here without actually having to talk about
He gives Cas a look that's mostly threatening but not entirely repulsed.
A photo of JACK and CAS in front of a replica Stonehenge made out of cars - the famous Carhenge, Nebraska.
C'mon, let's get you out of here.
He cups Dean’s cheek. His fingers are buttery and it’s kind of gross.
Sam hesitated a moment before turning around.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - KITCHEN - DAY
“We can get Donna or Jody or Claire or someone to drive her back to the bunker till we get back.” Cas continued.
“No, I’m fine.” Dean snapped, stomping over to the left-hand door and slamming it behind him as he climbed in.
Are you ok?
He starts the movie again.
INT. SPOOKY HOUSE. NIGHT.
DEAN (CONT'D)
BRITISH TOURIST
Mary sits on her bed, breathing heavily.
Mary opens her mouth, trying to answer as Dean walks in in his dead guy robe.
“Ok, I’ll be there in a bit.”
He told Cas to stay but every time he sees him he can’t help but feel that Cas is just itching to leave. He can feel it radiating off him. He left all of heaven and his son to be here. To be with a human who hasn’t even been able to articulate what he wants after this angel gave everything for him.
(noticing Dean's monster sandwich)
They look pretty finished to Jack.
The Intruder takes in the room - the weapons mounted on the walls, a paperback on one bedside table, the freshly made bed.
“Whatever you need to tell yourself.”
Across the table Sam and Mary are waiting for John's reaction. Dean is staring at his burger and Cas is glaring daggers at John waiting for him to say something.
They come to a stop.
“Yeah, we’re going to pick up a new car this afternoon but Josie’s just showing us the sights first.” Eileen smiled.
Yeah. I guess we have.
So... is this a goodbye?
Jack sits in front of them at the desk, next to Lizzie's cage.
Thank you for saying I was family.
A girl after my own heart.
sticks meant to taste like?”
Mary and Sam exchange a guilty glance.
I don't know what that is.
[Note: Text messages are in italics]
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - HALLWAY - DAY
(beat)
Jack looked confused, like he expected to be told off, not met with enthusiasm. “Oh, no. No, Chuck is gone and you’re retired. You don’t have to save the world anymore. You just need to go somewhere safe so you can live your lives like you deserve. You can have your beach holiday!”
Sam rolls his eyes, this isn't the first time Dean has rubbed it in this morning.
Sam was staring. Staring at Cas and Dean standing side by side inspecting the Australian candies. They seemed so normal. Like a happy, functioning couple.
“How long?”
“It’s an engine.”
INTRUDER'S POV: CONTINUOUS
They celebrate the end of their first month with a night off, leaving the motel in the mostly trustworthy hands of Charlie. They go out for dinner and Dean has thoughts of hitting a bar afterwards but by the time it reaches 9pm he pretty much just wants to go home. He’s washing his hands in the bathroom when it hits him that it’s been a year to the day since Charlie threw two cheap rings at him in the bunker and told him he was married.
he thought.
SAM (CONT'D)
He takes a breath as a warm, open smile spreads across his face. Things are very right.
You know, I told my dad before he left. This is the happiest I've ever been.
(not looking up)
Dad, it's nothing.
But, the empty-
EXT. CRUISE SHIP - DAY
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean nodded sagely, “Ok… good, we’ll take a look at it.”
troubled.”
“Do you wanna watch a movie?”
“I wouldn’t even steal this if we were on the run from a pack of werewolves and this was the only thing with an engine in a hundred miles.”
“That’s what was saved on my computer.
Including you.
Sam’s mouth went dry. A bead of sweat rolled down his face.
They stand in the embrace. Nothing more, nothing less.
Right... But you're still half-angel, they haven't got... daycare in heaven?
his brain added as a pimply Australian teenager packed their groceries.
This could be a plan.
Is that your son?
Dean takes another sip of the punch. Whatever Larry’s mum’s recipe is he needs to get it off her. This stuff is delicious. Not as nice as a good beer but…
We should work out why he's here before we just chuck him back through time.
I didn't think you could cook.
Um, well we should probably get to working out what - Not that we don't want you here but-
“Jack, we want to help-”
(guilty)
Cas frowns, chews over his words.
So, go ahead. Do you need to do any-
Right.
Dean was a good kid. He was always going to be a great hunter. Always ready to do what needed to be done.
EXT. BEACH CLIFFS. NIGHT.
He gives Cas a grin and leaves.
Nah kid, it's fine. You didn't mean to and... I'm glad you did. So's Sam.
“Sorry?”
Dean looks up at John.
Dean shakes himself, “What yeah, no yeah absolutely.”
EILEEN
“Backpackers and their drugs.” Josie shook her head, explanation finished.
I just forgot.
he thought,
We never got to say goodbye either.
Well she's looked after me so...
So, how long have you two been together?
I don't have a harp.
(to Mary accusingly)
I don't know how I'd- What if I messed up and sent him somewhere else?
Dean thought
He looks at Dean.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - ROOM 32 - DAY
Sam it's Dad. Can't we just be happy he's here for five minutes? Take the win.
No. That was different.
Sam's halfway down the hallway when he puts it together.
John is staring at him, still trying to work out this strange angel-man.
“Like Archie from
Even if you didn't want him to be a hunter.
Ah, Samuel, one cannot be a great witch if one is not prepared to take the great risks.
That'd be kinda awesome.
John and Mary exit with the plates.
Dean stands a good few feet away, keeping a good distance from his father.
So Dean was in Hell. That should shock John but things are already so weird at this point...
The door opens with a CLANG as they enter the war room. Their spirits significantly lifted.
Right.
“Well- yeah I think Charlie got them really cheap so… I mean we only have to wear them in front of Larry and the real estate agent.” Dean replies as he takes his own ring off and throws it on the table by his side of the bed.
“I mean, not that that’s a problem. I don’t- I don’t have a problem with people thinking we’re married I just…”
(hisses)
“I don’t think we’re in Kansas anymore…” Cas muttered staring at the road.
And sometimes, I mean I didn't know what I was doing wrong. I just thought, no, not my boy.
Sam yawned. The jet lag was catching up to him and the endless monotony of the road wasn’t helping.
Like Inception, but with God!” He grinned at his reference even as the rest of the room ignored him.
Cas stares up at an impossibly balanced car.
EXT. MOTEL PARKING LOT. DAY
“Well you see…” Dean begins, “bit of a crazy story there too, my little brother was in charge of the photos, and after the bear…”
Mary doesn't answer. An implicit 'no' hangs in her silence and even Sam doesn't know how to take that.
“Unless Eileen’s right and we just get arrested… Look just leave it for now. I’m just tired.”
Eventually, he begins to see a few familiar signs. A dirt road with a twisted tree he recognises and it’s suddenly before him.
Rowena hangs up, taking a champagne from the waiter behind her.
They regard each other. Castiel’s eyes seem to brim with pain.
They're standing. Dean still holding onto Cas as Sam comes over.
Jack and Dean enter carrying plates of patties, salad and Jack's cheesy buns.
He wanted to go home. Back to the bunker, back to archiving cursed objects and reading lore and working on the actual damn problem at hand. And for a while there he’d thought he wanted to get out of The Life? Ha!
“Chuck’s gone, but he’s not dead.” Sam interrupted the garbled explanation Dean was trying to make through a mouthful of cookie. “We found a way to umm- bind him I guess? In his own mind so he didn’t even know it was happening. Rowena and I did the spell and Dean set the trap.”
Putting the latest artifact back, an ancient bugle-thing, the intruder grabs the door handle.
Dean shakes his head with a laugh and downs the last of the punch, “I’m gonna get more punch.” He declares.
Dean picks up his phone to see-
I'm glad we got to show you this place.
What about Dean? He seemed weird when I asked him if he had someone.
“Why am I in the bunker?”
“I don’t know why more hunters don’t do it.” Dean throws his feet up on the war table, Sam puts his head in his hands. At the other end of the table Eileen and Charlie are trying not to laugh.
He enters-
Your dead husband who kind of abused your kids shows up out of the blue and you just kiss and make up- yeah no, not my Mary Winchester.
I think that might be best.
He’d been in a surprisingly good mood this morning when they’d arrived at the motel reception. 7.30am on the dot so Johnny could take them out to Jen’s to buy the car. Then Johnny had to get breakfast. Also he just wanted to quickly fix up a pipe. And do the weekly grocery order while he had a chance. And the fly screen in Room Two really needed replacing.
He moves over in the seat and tells Cas as much.
Jack.
Donna wipes her machete on the DEAD VAMPIRES shirt.
He puts his pile of pizza boxes down on the table and crosses the room to Cas, takes his face in his hands and kisses him firmly.
(frowning)
“You seem troubled.”
Eileen gently tapped him on the shoulder.
Eileen tapped on the glass of Sam’s window.
Sam and Dean share a look. Where to even start?
“Yeah, they say the last owner killed himself but- not to sound wacko- but he was killed by ghosts! And he wasn’t the only one…”
Cas continues to stare at him. Staring again in that quiet, non-judgemental, annoyingly patient way he does while he’s waiting for Dean to sort himself out and manage to put a whole sentence together.
(shrugs)
“Ok.”
The kitchen is full. Soft and homely.
Sam rushes into the room only to stop dead in his tracks as he sees-
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - HALLWAY - DAY
Jack looks to Mary.
INTRUDER'S POV - CONTINUOUS
“We should buy it.”
Sam reaches his destination. Another one of the bunkers many rooms, this one numbered 32.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - KITCHEN - NIGHT
Sam runs a hand through his hair.
Do you remember doing anything, feeling anything different when we were talking about John yesterday?
Does Bobby ever visit you here or is he still hunkered down in that old junkyard?
When was this?
You know, I always wondered.
“See ya Jen!”
Hey, the buns were all your idea.
Dude you
“Jen wants us to know we’re welcome anytime.” Cas informed them.
There’s something Dean should say.
JODY and DONNA are sharing a beer and a story with BOBBY beneath the stairwell. CLAIRE and KAIA fiddle with the telescope in its alcove trying to figure out just what it is.
Mary stares blankly after John then turns to her sons.
DEAN (CONT'D)
He checked on the risotto again. Now it was crispy – surely that was worse than goopy? Risotto shouldn’t be this hard. Even Dean had made risotto before. How had Dean ended up being the better cook between them?
“Yeah, yeah I do…” Jen agreed, “Kid fucked off to Sydney and left me to try and sell his shitbox of a car like I don’t have enough crap sitting round my place. Still runs fine though. It’ll get you out to Longreach at least and you’re bloody well not gonna find anything else closer. Only looking for a couple of K for it anyway.”
“I’m sure he would have…” Cas lied. “Where did you leave her?”
Thanks to everyone who's come along for the ride. Sorry no one actually got to punch John in the end but I think they're doing just fine without him.
Yeah sure.
Mary and John both stand frozen in place.
Hesitantly, Cas reaches a hand out, gently resting it upon Dean's.
Dean doesn't look up at him.
It was nice.
“It’s still worth trying. Jack’s not gonna let us get stuck in jail for trying to get back home.”
not want me here?”
A normal evening in the Fitzgerald family home. BABY SAM and CASTIEL sit in their rockers as GERTIE fills in a colouring book.
he thinks, that wouldn’t even compare to the warmth and love he feels blossoming in his chest. He’s happy for them but it was never the same. It was never improbable- never impossible for them. They never lost everything then discovered the true happiness in getting a second chance.
DEAN (CONT'D)
Dean sighs, “I texted him while you were on the phone.”
Yeah but that's- he knows that's just an expression, right?
This is a vessel.
“For durability.” Jack answered, stepping back.
Amongst the dirt and debris lies a man, twisted at an awkward angle in a crumpled trench coat.
We haven't told him anything about you.
“Oh good. We should take that.” Eileen agreed.
Then we sent Batman to you. When did you find this guinea pig?
(distracted)
BRITISH TOURIST
Dean nods, “Yeah,, I’m pretty sure last week I told Martin we got married in Texas and you fell off a horse.”
(beat)
“I can’t believe you and Cas are retiring to run a charming B&B in the woods.” Charlie teases, “That’s is quite possibly the gayest thing you could do.”
He turns to his mum.
John looks at Sam in disbelief.
Oh, ok.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - WAR ROOM - DAY
Cas is doing his x-ray stare.
“That’s not what I said.”
The Darkness- God's twin sister.
“I do not want to know how that came up.” Cas said picking at a fry on his plate.
“Dean… You have a home.
(too quickly)
No, the guinea pig Sam and I had. When we were kids. You remember Sam?
What?
I don't know.
Mary won't meet John's eye.
actual God scared are probably all our problems.”
John looks at Mary. Mary, the broken symbol of everything pure and good.
Cas stares at him curiously.
Larry gets married on a beautiful summer day. His fiancée, and now wife, Jemima, looks sweet and beautiful in her princess-style dress. It’s very small town, very middle-class and very out of Dean’s comfort zone.
“Are you saying we shouldn’t get rid of the ghosts to continue to drive the price down for our own benefit?”
So it's true.
“Not the whole time.”
Dean jerks his head up as Cas takes the ring off his finger and places it on the bed stand. A green stain encircling his ring finger.
“Shuddup Sam,” he mumbles into his seat.
Did it feel like when you woke me up in The Empty?
“Good.”
Dean hovers in the doorway, like he knows stepping over this threshold will be opening up a conversation he's not sure if he's ready to have.
For a second Mary lets him have it. For a second John squeezes it and seems to relax. For a second Mary forgets that it's not thirty years ago. And then the second passes.
“I wouldn’t fall off a horse.” Cas pouts. “I’m very good at riding horses.”
“It’s good to have you back Cas.” He says to the wall ahead of him.
“Hey!”
Cas is looking at him. His expression teetering between hope and sadness.
“You’re not… actually interested in buying the motel?”
I found a new board game on the way back. It's called 'Articulate' I was thinking-
Beside him Cas is smiling– almost laughing.
“I think I’d be a bigger fan if we hadn’t just been dumped here against our will.”
CUT TO:
Sam frowns.
In the doorway of the kitchen Sam appears. He freezes at the sight before him. At first his reaction is shocked, then he shakes his head with a knowing smile and goes back to the party. They can discuss that one later.
I think if there's some reason for him to be here, if there's some closure to be gained, then you should be able to be honest with him. You should be able to be honest with yourself. And he should apologise.
Also rather pleased to be posting this on Father's day. Feels rather appropriate. Anyway, here's an incredibly awkward family dinner in honour of fathers everywhere.
Dean's silence says it all.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - HALLWAY - NIGHT
(broken)
(pulling out his phone)
John looks to Dean who won't meet his eye and is standing an appropriate distance from Cas.
Have you guys actually talked since you got him out?
Mary is only making eye contact with her burger.
“I think you’ll find it’s on the
Mary takes a seat on a stump.
(to Sam)
Cas does look somewhat guilty there.
The hippies exchanged a quick glance.
Cas, I think Jack summoned Dad.
I was actually going to try the Buddha Bowl.
No Lucifer's-
“No, we’re finishing this. I’m just gonna get popcorn.”
It's DEAN'S ROOM.
Dad I... I- I tried-
Well, at least that answers that.
“Ok.”
The rooms themselves were small but sweet.  Homey floral bedspreads and wallpaper and, mercifully -air conditioned. Red dirt seemed almost baked into the white tiles of the bathrooms, but Dean was grateful for a place to finally change out of his sweat soaked clothes and wash off the layer of grime that had been covering him since he got there. Good luck to Kit and Mia getting the stench of four sweaty, filthy hunters out of their fancy Kombi. It had taken him 30 minutes in the shower to free his own nose of the smell.
John stares at him.
INT. CHARLIE'S HOME. DAY.
“Jen wants to know if we want a cuppa before we go?” Eileen asked.
The passing streetlights throw dancing shadows across Cas’s face as he drives. Light catching in his eyes or highlighting the shape of his cheekbones. Dean’s caught in a realisation that it’s the most beautiful thing he’s ever seen. He wonders if this is how Larry felt seeing Jemima walk up that aisle today.
The map was also used to point out all the exciting Australian tourist spots Kit and Mia had travelled to. They’d just come from a large rock called Uluru, which actually was smack bang in the middle of nowhere. Dean found out that Jack had ditched them somewhere just off to nowhere’s east. Some other exciting rocks they’d seen had been called Karlu Karlu, but by far their favourite was apparently one over in Western Australia shaped like a wave. Dean was beginning to think a lot of the tourist attractions in this country were just large rocks…
Dean's slowly standing.
Cas and Eileen were retreating off the road, heading towards the shade of a mostly dead looking eucalypt. Dean hesitated. He needed to get out of the sun, but the dying tree looked like it could be a haven for snakes. Then again the entire continent was a haven for snakes, so how much more dangerous could that particular spot be?
Cas moves to rest his head on the back of the sofa. He’s got a content smile on his face. He looks like he wants to be here.
So you remove the soul from the-
Mary starts gathering the plates to take back to the kitchen.
Uh...
He- He's a nephilim so we don't really understand his powers but he was thinking about wanting to meet you and so he accidentally... made it happen.
In the bunker. Cas said that sometimes you need guinea pigs.
You guys are cute, start a little dynasty.
Sam watches Dean and John as they both stare at the car, thoughts a million miles apart.
Sam takes a moment longer to maneuver himself out of the backseat.
“Sam and Dean stood, arms around each other looking out towards the vista. Heaven. Their heaven. United again, after everythi-“
“We’re not actually interested in buying the motel.” He states, matter of fact as always.
See you all next Sunday!
Lizzie?
Jack throws his non-Jack-waving arm around Cas. Cas seems momentarily confused before breaking into a soft smile as the tourist snaps the photo.
Just so many things to catch John up on...
(signing)
Sam took the passports from her hand, frowning at the golden kangaroo and emu crest under a neatly emblazoned ‘Australia’ at the top.
About...
(coolly)
It's fine. Sam's right, it's not important.
My dear Castiel there's no planning required. Just put all the Winchesters in a room together, sit back and enjoy! I predict at least one of you will come out with more bullet wounds than they went in with.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - HALLWAY - DAY
Patience Turner is called to the stage to receive her diploma and Jody and Alex jump from their seats clapping.
Dean follows his eyes, his brows crease, there's someone missing.
No, that was ages ago. Amara was years later-
“At least Donna’s got the Impala safely home,” Sam attempted to console his brother, “so it’s not permanent.”
“I like the texture.”
John stares at them both.
Hey Cas.
The backpackers announced they were now on their way to a campsite outside of Stonehenge and could drop them off in town if they’d like. Dean was not very good with international geography, but he was pretty sure Stonehenge was in England and not the Australian desert. Then again, he did live in a Lebanon in Kansas, so apparently people just weren’t original with names here either.
Sam hasn’t connected the dots. Then again why should he. He’d been off with Ruby or something. There’s no reason for him to even think of that night.
He was picking up colourful sweet packets by the handful and throwing them onto the ever-growing pile in Cas’s basket.
“You shouldn’t have been dragged into this mess. It didn’t have anything to do with you and all I’ve done is just get you caught up in the shit that is my life.”
The jovial mood of the car evaporated as quickly as it had come. Great. Well done Sam.
I just need to think.
“She’s selling us a car.” Sam explained.
SAM (CONT'D)
“I don’t think I can wear this very long. It’s staining my finger.” Cas’s voice cuts through Dean’s ruminations.
I just wanted to have one dinner. Just one moment where I could pretend everything's alright and we were a normal family.
The silence between them is thick and awkward.
Jack?
The superhero?
Dean scuffs at the barn floor, “Why?”
The box and rodent are gone.
You brought that creature-
John. We should talk.
Eileen was sitting on the bed as he came out, reading a pamphlet on the Blackall Woolscour and other historic sites in the area.
Cas frowns.
“Sam. Sam? Sam!”
Cas looks to the ground.
The bed dips as Cas sits on the edge, he moves and leans back against the headboard. He sinks into the pillows, it’s moments like these where Dean could almost forget he used to be an angel. All of that stiffness is gone and now he’s just a guy in a dopey looking cardigan fiddling with his wedding ring-
Morning.
John shakes his head. He can't even look at Dean.
They stand for a moment in the kitchen before Cas goes to leave.
Dean hungrily took a chunk out of his burger. Damn that was… He stopped, pulled back from the burger.
Thanks Dean.
“Uh huh.”
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - KITCHEN - DAY
(sighs)
“Oh um, no I was just doing some renovations so I… took it off.”
It wasn’t the first time they’d lived without each other except… this time was different. This time they were choosing it. There was no bad blood, no argument, no unplanned trips to purgatory or hell. This time they were choosing their own paths. Their own separate paths and-
“It was,” Cas agrees, “but it was a very beautiful day.”
Sure. What about you? You just gonna hide out in the Dean Cave while I'm running things? I mean you've barely been home, I've barely seen you
END INTERCUT
You should have told me about Mary. Whatever the rest of it... I deserved to know about her. I deserved to be able to see her.
Cas looked up from the window, “I haven’t been to Australia for several thousands of years so it is nice to see it again.” He paused, “Apart from when I was banished to Perth, but I just saw the dog races then, so I don’t think that was representative of the whole country.”
(shakes his head)
Cas comes down to the kitchen after they leave.
A massive snake suddenly jerked to life from where it had been sunbathing a few feet Dean. It sped off into the underbrush.
“I’m sorry, I just saw you were here and… Jack was worried for you. He said I should talk to you.”
He was a mess. Eileen just hadn’t worked it out yet.
Cas takes the lady's phone and takes a photo of her and her son.
-Someone else you know personally?
Cas frowns.
I'm fine. Did you find anything?
They thought we were serial killers. Sam kinda got off on it actually.
John and Mary stand in front of each other. Slowly John reaches out to hug Mary and she lets him.
“It’s fine.”
Suddenly Elliot stops, turns around, and runs back to the brothers.
Down in Tenessee I think. Clearing out a vamp nest.
Like 19...88?
John doesn't take Jack's hand.
Sam pulled up next to Dean, sweat absolutely dripping off his large frame.
He turns and runs-
“Huh?” Dean asks through his punch.
Let me help.
Alright, time to go home.
She smiles and goes back to her conversation.
the world.
I'm sorry Dean. You're right.
Do you want-
“What model?” Dean interrupted, mind still on his poor baby abandoned and alone in a shitty motel carpark, but he had to be practical.
“Nothing,” she paused, “it’s just, this is exactly how I would have written it.”
And you've been buddies ever since?
Cas let out a soft snort beside Eileen. Great, he’d gotten the joke. Sam stared. Should he just laugh and pretend he understood? Was that ruder? He knew more ASL than this, didn’t he?
“-Is he for real?”
Slowly, hesitantly, Dean's leaning forward and Cas is quiet, meeting him in the middle.
“When I was questioning.” he says, “I would come here and I’d look at what you and Bobby had done. The sigils, the bullets, everything. You had no idea what you were facing. I- Heaven, Angels, it was something you couldn’t comprehend. Something so entirely beyond you. And you took your paints and your books and your weapons and you tried so hard to protect yourselves.  You were so scared. And this barn would remind me of that. That no matter what you said, how confident you were, The Plan was more than you and if you couldn’t even comprehend a single angel then what was the worth in listening to you.”
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - HALLWAY - DAY
Pause. Then a single extra message. It's a long string of vaguely related emojis.
had called “a real crowd pleaser.”.
John lets him.
“What the- Did Jack make you guys married?!” Dean looked up at Cas and Eileen.
“What?”
future.
Sam and Dean freeze at the familiar voice.
Dean runs his hand over his face. He finally looks Cas in the eyes.
You said you just found Batman under a bed.
“Son of a bitch!”
Dean chuckled, “I mean I’m personally good with never doing my laundry. But you’re right, it’s weird but good.”
Dean shakes his head. He needs Cas to pull over. This is important he needs Cas to understand. To look at him.
He screws up his face in concentration.
“I guess we’ll have to see when we get there. Which will not be soon, we fought for a bit of peace and I’m intending to actually enjoy mine.”
A BRITISH TOURIST notices them and taps Cas on the shoulder.
They enter.
Sam grabs a mug off the table.
Dean stops.
Because
Dean jerked back, “No.” he said defensively.
Uh, well Dad said he didn't see or speak to anyone before he appeared in the Bunker. He was completely alone in a motel room and then suddenly he was in an archive room.
Jack - confused and afraid. A little kid watching his family fight.
She seems a nice girl.
have a home.” Cas pauses, “Although lately you’ve seemed less interested in being there.”
Sam wiped at his forehead. Had it gotten hotter in the last five minutes? It was like standing in an oven…
At some point they’d all ditched their seasonally appropriate autumn layers and stripped down to t-shirts. An hour in, Sam had made them stop and apply a generous layer of sunscreen which Jack had mercifully packed. Sure, they were all going to die, but at least it wouldn’t be of melanoma.
Dean slammed the off button.
We live here.
Uh yeah, Dad this is Cas and this is... Jack.
Cas had been particularly blasé when Dean had unceremoniously chucked the ring at him and told him Charlie’s backstory. Dean’d tried to keep it light, treat it like a joke to not betray the way his own heart was doing somersaults at the concept of pretending to be married to Cas.
“No, Brisbane’s still in Queensland. It’s on the coast.”
Cas takes a second to register that he and Jack are being referred to as a 'family'. He suddenly realises that he really does want that captured in a photo.
Her phone bings, a text from Sam "Awesome, how you guys feeling about Florida?"
I love you too.
Sorry about that.
“I don’t know,” Eileen shrugged, “It’s just different to anywhere else I’ve been.”
Ummm ok.
Dean doesn't have time to process that before his phone CHIMES.
Dean’s eyes go wide, “Absolutely the fuck not.”
Dean shoots him a stinky look. “No, I have better taste.”
Sorry Cas had a go at you last night. He didn't- Sometimes he just gets mad about stuff.
The road was flat, long, red and monotonous. They’d been driving for over two hours past endless scrubby trees poking through dead grass and red dirt on a flat plain. It wasn’t as bad as walking had been yesterday (the car at least had air conditioning) but there was something kind of ugly about the stunted, dried-out trees. The only sign of life as they drove past was the occasional cow or dead kangaroo by side of the road. All in all, Sam concluded, it was one of ugliest places he’d ever driven through.
(relieved someone's talking)
Sam and Eileen sit outside, under the stars. Looking up towards heaven. A shooting star flashes through the sky.
And God's your drinking buddy?
See you around Sammy.
There's like half a pig in there?
(slowly)
Why is there a guinea pig?
No! Dad, I can't- After you- A lot's happened! We didn't know how to tell you.
“Look man, there’s gotta be some perks to being a hunter. And if being able to buy cheap haunted real estate is one of them…”
Cas, hands still wet with dirty dishwater freeze in shock at Dean's openness.
“Unless you wanna…”
(chuckles)
Eileen pursed her lips, “I wasn’t saying we’d go. I was just reading the site.”
It was good to see you Dad.
John and Mary share a soft look - there's a truce.
“Uh, yeah.” Sam lied. Sure, maybe it would be nice. If they actually had
(nervously)
He smiles again and looks over to Dean, their noses almost touching. “You do realise this is now going to be
“Better than nothing.” She shrugged. “You want me to drive for a bit tomorrow? It’s still another 11 hours and you seemed a bit tired today.”
(looks to John)
Nothing.
They end up on Sam’s Netflix account. So, Dean can snoop and judge more than anything. There’s a half watched terrible looking Netflix original film in his Continue Watching section.
“Even if there’s a ghost?”
Ummm. Cool.
I know he's your father. I know you and Sam have long forgiven him or maybe you never blamed him in the first place, but I can't.
He will be. I apologised for my outburst at dinner.
“Literally growing on the sheep’s back, Blackall became a thriving outback township in the early years. Today, you can discover the region’s wool heritage at the Historic Blackall Woolscour, the last remaining scour in Australia, a virtual living museum, where friendly volunteers can take you on an intimate guided tour through the complex.” Eileen read out from whatever website she had open.
Well, I think that went well.
Dean doesn’t move. His mind’s gotten particularly good at playing tricks on him lately.
Visions of leaping up and embracing are dashed even as Cas begins to retreat.
Cas brushes past John and hands the bag of buns to Dean.
“I used to come here often.” Cas’s voice cuts through the silence, gravel deep and rough.
“A bad thing… But it’s ok!” Jack looked up at them again, “I have managed to contain it to a smallish area. It cannot escape those limits whilst I work out how to put it back again.”
(beat)
Jack, come here I'll take a photo.
No, he shouldn't've.
(a little hesitant)
And he couldn’t even understand her quips at dinner.
Dean is close, his hand on Cas's shoulder but despite the physical proximity there's galaxies of distance between them as he looks into Castiel's confused eyes.
Cas pulls his hand away.
“We are. But I didn’t want to make things hard.”
All I wanted...
Why would- You said I died making a deal with Yellow-Eyes to save you. Did I-
Cas bats him softly on the shoulder and pushes him back over the other side of the car.
Sam reappears looking frazzled.
Cas shoots John a glare and departs, leaving John alone and confused.
Did they have Krunch Cookie Crunch back when you're from? It's my favourite cereal. Although my favourite food is nougat. But Sam says I shouldn't eat too much of either because they're both very unhealthy.
John's seeing red and he's trying not to let it all out at once. He steps back from Dean who's ended up against the wall.
There wasn’t even any signal so he there was no chance for doing any research. Not that he really knew what to start searching.
Dad, I don't know what you're talking about.
You can start delegating to your little team?
Dean chucks his empty food wrapper in the bin. He looks over to Sam and in a move that surprises everyone gives him an unabashed hug in the middle of the motel parking lot.
“Do you hear that?”
Reverently, Jack picks up the guinea pig and places it in the box.
Comments and kudos always appreciated <3
(heartbroken)
“Nothing,” Sam insists, “it’s just… this is not how I saw our lives going.”
He missed Dean. It felt weird admitting it. It would hit him randomly, even more so the days when Eileen wasn’t around, this feeling of missing Dean. It was almost like they were kids moving out of home for the first time. It was time to go, and in many ways, they needed a break from each other.
There's silence, something big has been said but no one can quite move to it.
MARY (O.S.)
The moment’s interrupted by a sudden chorus of loud rap from the movie.
Can we melt the cheese over the buns in the oven?
Sam glanced in the rear-view mirror. Eileen was looking at him, he knew she hadn’t understood him and Cas hadn’t translated. She turned back to the window.
There's a soft KNOCK on the door.
“Nah.” Josie countered.
guinea pig. This was ages ago Batman would be- guinea pigs only live like five years or something.
Dean clocks it and it means the world.
“Dean…”
(insistent)
“I’m afraid you won’t ask me to stay”
He makes his way down the centre of the barn, the dirt and grass crunching softly under his boots.
You know this isn't... I didn't mean for our sons to end up like this. I wanted them to have normal lives. I wanted them to get out but... I couldn't let that thing that killed you get away. I couldn't let other people get hurt.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - HALLWAY - DAY
“I think it’s a kangaroo.” Dean swung the skull up beside his face like he was auditioning for Hamlet, “S’got funky teeth. Souvenir?”
Cas rounds a corner directly into Sam who is on the phone.
Dean grumbled but realised it wasn’t worth arguing further that night.
God, I don't think I've ever seen Dad look shocked. Like properly shocked about something but-
Dean and John are left in the breakfast room.
MINNIE
He moves to the door-
Well, I can always use help.
“I thought you took that?” Sam responded.
“So we just sit here and wrestle crocodiles and look at rocks or whatever it is Australians do and just hope Jack sorts it out?”
ELLIOT
(to the guinea pig)
Cas shuts the door of Room 32 behind him.
So, I know you've got a home and a town but... are there any girls?
“The what?!”
Larry nods, “Oh, ok well anyway.” he holds out the box again and ploughs on and over that little speedbump, “Here are some cookies. Also, there’s a community barbecue happening this Saturday in the town green. You and your husband should come. Be a good opportunity to meet the rest of the town. I’ve been telling everyone about you and I don’t know if you’re into old films but they do showings every month-”
Dean and Cas sit on the hood of the Impala, MIRACLE THE DOG at their feet. Not stopping here for anything in particular. Just enjoying the beauty of the ocean under the bright starlight.
“Not a fan?” Eileen asked in amusement.
Neither could you.
Hi Dean, do you need some help?
John clams up, looking guilty.
It is nice.
They're- that's what tea cup pigs are-
“Wait, there’s no international airport in the state?” Dean asked as he stacked their empty plates onto the corner of the table to make more room. Despite the beetroot and pineapple insanity, all four burgers had been quickly demolished.
How old are you?
Six months in the FBI badges do get a use. On a hunt in Iowa with Sam – a group of fairies messing with some local kids. It’s a clean hunt and they decide to stay the extra night rather than legging it straight back to their respective homes for the sake of nostalgia or something. Sam elects to take a nap before dinner (God when did they actually get old?) and Dean finds himself in a local jewellery shop buying two plain bands of real silver.
Dean decides to shut up his scrutiny with a kiss. It seems to work.
EXT. WOODS. DAY.
It wasn't exactly quiet there Dean.
Cas hesitates, “Jack needed angels to rebuild heaven and well the Empty was getting crowded.”
Was I wrong?
I thought it was just the soul's removal.
Cas comes and stands beside Dean. A solid space still between them.
An odd feeling of peace was overcoming Sam.
“Why the hell are they all dressed as carrots?”
He chewed slowly, “Um, what are these Cas?”
have to forgive him?
Dean can barely breathe.
Suddenly the shoes are moving and there's a hand on his shoulder but the world's still too overwhelming, too real for him to focus.
Cas takes Dean’s hand in his and Dean’s heart swells. This, however, is perfect.
the Bunker, his room and his bed. Was this going to be an issue between them? Oh God, this was going be an issue between them… Sam looked over to Cas who seemed enraptured by Josie’s bird talk. Cas didn’t mind being here and Dean was ready to kill to go home. They weren’t on the same page but that didn’t mean they had a problem. It was fine. Sam was just overthinking this. He was just stressed.
“Too easy.” Larry smiles. He gives Dean a suspicious look. “So, what brings you two to town?”
Larry holds out the box of cookies in his hands, “My fiancée made these for you and your husband as a welcome gift. Speaking of, where is your husband?”
“I could spend all day up here.” Eileen mused from beside him.
Hey Mum, it's uh Dad.
- Mary and Sam, engaged in a conversation over some case he has up on his iPad.
No. I didn't. I wanted to keep pretending because- it's what I've done my whole life.
Sam excuses himself with his phone.
EXT. CARHENGE - DAY
“Good.” Kit snapped.
“Ok, I think maybe we should take a break,” Sam suggested hesitantly, shutting the lid of his laptop. “It’s been a long day… At least tomorrow we can get the car and maybe start heading to Brisbane and see if we can figure out a way to fly home.”
Dean, he's not back like Mum. He can't stay-
(cautiously)
“What?”
You're possessing someone?!
Dean picks up his duffel bag from the ground outside the motel room, chucks Sam the room keys.
(clearing throat)
“Where’s Sam and Eileen?”
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - KITCHEN - DAY
“Pizza.” Cas decided from behind her as Dean declared “The bacon one.”
(walking in)
got the time, you could always just take us to Jen’s so we could purchase the car?” Sam offered.
JOHN (CONT'D)
JOHN (CONT'D)
“Uh no just-”
“Okay.” Cas says.
There's a small pause as John takes in but fails to process this information.
-our intruder: JOHN WINCHESTER, stands, shotgun raised at his sons and a fierce look on his face.
Well, I don't think I need to explain my actions to the likes of you.
What reason did Eileen have to be with Sam? Knowing him had already gotten her killed once before. It’d gotten her tortured by Chuck and snapped from existence. And now it had trapped her on the other side of the world.
On the porch stands Larry, a Tupperware container in one hand, looking around hesitantly as if afraid one of the ghosts might still be lurking waiting to kill him.
Oh, Castiel took me there this morning. It was really cool. It seemed like somewhere you might have taken Sam and Dean. It's like Stonehenge in England but it's all made out of old cars.
Sam shook his head, “Nope.” he panted.
Yeah. I am.
he told himself,
“Are we in-”
It probably would have involved too much disembowelment.
Sam glanced in the mirror again. Eileen was leaning against the window looking a bit moody. Cas was typing something on his phone.
,” he whispered, “my risotto!”
They were... well Sam was always a smart kid. Always keeping me on my toes.
Yes, thank you.
He takes a few steps back, stands in the middle of his new kitchen. His new kitchen which he owns with his husband.
The moment feels awkward again but thank God Cas seems to be committed.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - KITCHEN - NIGHT
Haven't a clue. It's usually your lot that's involved in this sort of business is it not?
Because what he did is still hurting you. You still think you have to be the things you're not. You still think you always have to look after everyone - to look after Jack and Sam and - You still don't think you deserve to be loved or cared for yourself. You said you wanted to pretend to be a happy family. You are pretending, even when he's not here, you're still pretending.
John and Mary put the plates away.
I'll go put her back in her cage.
“I don’t- not that you had to go through all that. Just that now you can actually take a break. Be normal, do your laundry-“
“Kansas.” Sam answered.
“Where are you going?”
the place. He hadn’t said that. Had he?
I just needed some quiet.
“The Americas…”
(trying to break the tension)
Sam is staring at him. Dean looks kinda touched.
“I have no idea.” Cas replies.
Dean sits down with his coffee.
Cas reaches in and takes a handful of popcorn.
“Oh, that’s so nice.” Mia smiled back very sincerely.
Sam puts the guinea pig back in the cage and stands up.
BRITISH TOURIST
John!
“Maybe we should just get the mixed bag?” Cas suggested picking up a bag labelled ‘Party Mix’.
Did you want me to take a family photo for you?
Dean winks at Sam who shakes his head.
The hippies introduced themselves as Kit and Mia. Two English backpackers who, for some inexplicable reason, had voluntarily chosen to come to Earth Hell.
We have a family.
We've been looking after her for a month.
DEAN (CONT'D)
That's not the point.
(See the end of the chapter for
(beat)
Cas is giving him a strange look. Bronte’s looking hopeful. Fourteen months is a long time to be trying to sell a dilapidated and extremely haunted motel.
It’s not like he has a problem pretending to be a couple. They are a couple. Have been since Cas came home. Since Dean got his head out of his ass and actually told Cas that he felt that way too. No, Dean is quite happy being a couple. Enthusiastic even, it’s just…
Castiel and Jack are family.
He doesn't- Cas, this is what parents do. They screw you over and no one ever says they're sorry.
(mouth full of burger)
“We were never in any sticks.” Cas frowned from the back where he and Eileen had joined them.
These are delicious.
Dean continued his texting.
You said you killed Yellow-Eyes and that was it! You've just been hunting. And now you're making deals with
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - KITCHEN - DAY
No idea why you'd want to do that.
Jen left with her box leaving Sam and Eileen to continue trying to get them a room.
(to John, firmly)
John nods, melancholy. He looks out the window.
There's an obvious chill in the air and John isn't even looking at Mary.
Becky and Sam laughed at that.
At least Cas and Jack are still away. We can hold off explaining how we're co-parenting Lucifer's child with an angel for now.
“Wyoming, up in the mountains, at a little wood cabin.” Dean responds.
got up.
“How you two going?” Bronte the Real Estate agent steps back into the room, smile and thick makeup plastered over her bone-deep exhaustion.
“No Dean,” Cas said, “we’re not just going to sit around, but Sam and Eileen are right. Jack doesn’t want us there right now. Besides, there’s no use running back until we at least know what we’re fighting.”
Was it more like when you brought Lizzie here?
She shakes her head -
(muttering to his burger)
Can I please talk to you?
(awkwardly)
“Dean?”
enjoying this. After all, he and Cas had basically been doing this kind of thing for the last month across America…
Jack waves back as Cas takes out his phone and sends the picture of himself and Jack to Dean.
Fantastic. Eileen was actually enjoying this. She wanted to
If they weren’t four seasoned hunters, they might have jumped at the sudden appearance of their recently deified adopted son in the hallway. As it was, Jack just ended up with two guns, an angel blade and a spatula pointed menacingly at him.
Dean takes a moment to eat a piece of his breakfast before responding.
“Honestly, I’m thinking Chuck had it right with the pie festival.”
“You guys are literally in the same car.”
I needed you back... I'm just sorry we couldn't get your mojo out too.
You were telling Sam about a spell?
He lets it sit for a moment in a way he rarely does. Larry, their ever-friendly competition and also apparently just their friend, had come around to congratulate them on the first month earlier that day. He’d also been there to deliver an invitation to his own wedding. An invitation addressed to a Cas and Dean Campbell. Two people who don’t actually exist but are feeling more like real people every day.
“Holden Commodore, mid-90s or something.” Jen replied.
You're getting old man.
“Yeah, I guess it’s just a little different.” Dean huffed.
“Hi Eileen,” Dean replied before turning to Cas, “Cas why are we in the bunker?”
DEAN WINCHESTER is a culinary genius.
Eileen watches the star fall. She signs something at Sam. "J A C K ?"
(signing)
“Bronte, the estate agent, has agreed to give us a tour tomorrow morning at 11am.” Cas informs Dean as he hangs up his phone.
Dean thinks as he shovels dirt from the boss’s freshly dug grave while Sam stands watch for cops or security guards or the ghost or whatever else might decide to fuck up their night.
Uh no. Just a few-
Sam sat on the edge of the bed. He rubbed his eyes with the balls of his hands, his back to Eileen. Could he be any ruder? No, it was fine. He must be overthinking again. He just needed some sleep.
Sam pushes the door open.
He takes a deep breath, pushes his emotions down and pulls the door open.
Jack takes a seat beside Sam and Dean sits beside Cas.
Dean tries to straighten himself up in his seat. This is important but he’s finding it a little difficult to fully control his limbs. “You said… you said that good things do happen.”  He leans over to the driver’s seat and points seriously so Cas will know this is important, “You’re the best thing that’s ever happened to me.” He pauses, “And I’m so glad I married you.”
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - HALLWAY - DAY
Dean strained his ears. He heard flies, and some weird bird noises.
Well, perhaps after dinner you'll be more interested in taking
That would be wonderful, thank you.
The figure approaches him. His steps hesitant, nothing like the march under gunfire he’d made that night.
John's mouth opens - he's not sure what to say there.
“We should do it.” Eileen agreed. “Sam?”
The noise of laughter, talking, mourning, celebration- reverberate off the thick, stone walls. The bunker hasn't seen this much life in years and it seems to glow with a new warmth.
John bites his lip, something ticks in his forehead.
Sam was struggling to keep his eyes open as he stood in the aisle of the local supermarket, a chain store called IGA. The workers were clearly waiting for them to leave so they could close for the night. He’d hardly slept at all last night, thoughts of Jack and apocalypses and fake visas keeping him awake. Now, the sun hadn’t even really set and his whole head was fuzzy with exhaustion.
Dean regards it with a proud grin. Damn he's good.
Dean looks over to Cas, “What was that about?”
In the stillness of the night there’s a flutter. A familiar sound.
“Ok.” Cas says.
His eyes flick back to Dean, he looks hurt. It hits Dean like a sucker punch.
(beat)
Mary?
The wallpaper’s a faded seventies print and the room smells like stale cigarettes and coffee and liminal spaces.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - ARCHIVE ROOM - DAY
You needed space when you came back. He just needs that too.
Cas turns for the door.
FADE TO BLACK.
You let her go alone?
Cas shrugged, “I think I like it. Johnny said it was an “Aussie Classic”’
Sam nods.
I didn't- I didn't want this. I swear, I never wanted this to happen. I know I maybe wasn't the best father, but I kept you boys safe! And- I swear I was trying to get you both out of this. This was supposed to be my fight. This was supposed to end with me and now... You're both still fighting. I wanted you to get out. I hoped someday you'd- have a normal life. A peaceful life. A family.
I... I guess there must have been a lot of... It must have been a shock for you.
Jack pauses outside the car door. He's thinking very deeply. Perhaps too deeply.
“I’m sorry, not that you guys are just characters or anything. But just, when I came back and I found that I was really worried you’d actually died in barn because you fell on a nail.”
(wincing)
CAS (CONT'D)
Charlie pushes the laptop and gun aside, placing a plate of eggs down on the table. She looks across to Stevie on the other side of the table as she starts eating her eggs.
You did a good job kid.
“Hello!”
Yeah she's a hoot.
-They have good specials!
Larry leans back in his chair. It creaks ominously, “Look, I don’t want to scare you two off. You know, not to say I wouldn’t want some friendly competition so I’m not saying this because I own the only other motel in town but… you know that place is haunted?”
More punch was a mistake. Or maybe not. Dean’s feeling great. He also needs to vomit. But that’s just part of feeling great.
Dean's full focus is on his phone.
You seemed less convinced of that when you left.
John takes a beat.
“You do know we’re not the only hunters in America.”
Sam stares at his brother in exasperation.
(off Sam's look)
She turns back to her truck where an ATTRACTIVE HUNTER MAN watches approvingly. He holds out a box of powdered donuts.
The pull is in his chest.
“What are you afraid of Dean?”
a small traitorous voice in the back of his brain tried to remind him. He quashed it down. Everything was alright. He was worried about Jack and whatever it was he’d unleashed and he sure as hell didn’t want to be here but… compared to the nightmare they’d been living not so long ago, he’d take this in a heartbeat. Sam was here, Eileen hadn’t been Thanos-snapped out of existence and, if he wanted to, he could just lean across this small, stained motel room table in Bumfuck, Queensland and kiss that worried frown right off Cas’s face.
No response.
I was raised a hunter. I am a hunter. I'm good at it but- I just wanted a normal life. A normal life with a normal man where my children could be safe.
Castiel comes up beside him as Jack stands ready.
Thanks.
Dean has finished with his wound and is fishing his own breakfast/dinner out of the bag.
The two begin to walk again, separate and in silence.
At the war table CHARLIE sits with STEVIE, ALEX and GARTH trying to explain the rules to some overly complicated board game she's spread out over the world map.
There was red dirt and blinding blue-white sky as far as the eye could see. It was a struggle to even see that because the sun was so friggin’ bright. Had this place ever heard of clouds? It should really get onto that. Even if Dean did manage to keep his squinted eyes open, there was nothing much to see but heat haze and yellowish trees and shrubs. Surely that wasn’t healthy - plants that dry should just give up and die. After five minutes in this place, Dean sure wanted to.
“Dean?” Sam called as he entered the war room.
A small GUINEA PIG.
Bobby and Sam, blades in their hands are cornered by two approaching WITCHES.
He has a home and a legitimate job and is taking his partner out for anniversary dinners and getting invited to other people’s weddings and local barbecues. It’s still not a normal, apple pie life by far, and he’s glad for that too. Because that’s part of him and he doesn’t want to lose that. If anything, he wants to make it permanent, wants to really build up their storage of silver bullets and holy oil and whatever else travelling hunters might need. Make a permanent spot on the map. A place that might have been a lifeline to his own Dad back in the day. Something to be proud of.
That's all you want to do. Just get rid of him. It's Dad! And I know he's angry but we just turned his whole world upside down on him.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
“Have a nice trip!”
Sam leans his head back against the wall. He closes his eyes, tension has been slowly draining from his body all evening.
“Well it’s not us.” Dean declared, “And honestly, if he makes another world with other Sams and Deans and Cas’s and Jacks then they’ll defeat him some other way.
There was a tug on Sam’s sleeve. Eileen’s eyes were wide as she pointed at something in the bushes.
Cas stopped briefly ahead of Dean to wipe the bottom of his shirt across his sweating face. He’d shucked the trench coat after about five minutes of being here. Dean was still getting used to seeing the guy out of his one singular outfit. Usually, he’d be enjoying the sight of Cas all sweaty in just a t-shirt and jeans, but right now he just wanted to die a little. Scratch that, he wanted to die a lot.
Also rather pleased to be posting this on Father's day. Feels rather appropriate. Anyway, here's an incredibly awkward family dinner in honour of fathers everywhere.
You take care of my sons.
I enjoyed that. I enjoyed hunting the ghost but it's nice to just see things without ghosts too.
DEAN (CONT'D)
...Yeah.
He stops though, catching a glimpse of Castiel sitting by the table over a bowl of cereal that he's eating without milk.
Mia supplied Sam with a map, pointing out that they were in the middle of Queensland - one of the more populated states according to Cas. That didn’t say much for the rest of the country.
Then to Dean.
“You bought the motel?!”
Dean puts the EMF meter back in his pocket.
(jumping in to save Dean)
“They have caramel chocolate koala bears! I got one for each of us and a packet of ‘Favourites’.”
Yeah.
(to them all)
God's twin sister....
“Wait so Chuck’s not human and he’s not dead?”
I don't- Mary how are you-?
John lets her go. He's crying. Sam and Dean are watching their mum. Everyone's staring at Mary.
They play the film. It’s as terrible as the description suggested. Within five minutes Dean’s cackling at the bad CGI. The dialogue is as clichéd as anything and he’s never seen a man look so stilted while professing his undying love.
John nods his greeting.
Sam has drawn some sort of sigil on the desk, there's candles burning and Cas is holding a stick of incense as Jack stares down Lizzie.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - HALLWAY - DAY
On the sofa Garth and BESS are curled up reading "Fifty Shades Freed".
Maybe it would help. Maybe it’s what he needs. Some kind of closure. Completing the circle bullshit or whatever.
I mean we don't really know the full extent of his powers and even normal angels can jump through time. He probably doesn't even realise he did it. But if he brought him here...
“Ok.”
- Dean brushes against Cas as he reaches for a piece of pizza. He catches his mother watching them. She smiles and his face softens.
Minnie appears back at the table with their meals.
I'll start making a list - at least we can tick Amnut off.
Cas lets himself be helped to a sitting position.
“Oh, you guys are still here?” she said with complete chill.
Dad you were kinda freaking out about the bunker, we didn't know how to... explain all the other stuff.
“Yeah, no I’ve got jack-”
“Yeah, but you don’t need to eat. I thought it was all molecules to you anyway?”
Finally Mary looks up to the top of the stairs and sees the third figure standing behind her boys.
I'm sorry for bringing him back.
Whatever she’d expected, it wasn’t that.
“So according to everyone we are now going to know who doesn’t already know us… we’re married.”
An unreadable expression passed over Eileen’s face. She dropped the chocolates in the basket and walked to the other end of the aisle.
Your dead husband who kind of abused your kids shows up out of the blue and you just kiss and make up- yeah no, not my Mary Winchester.
Sam doesn't know what to do with that.
The body burns quickly and they’re able to head straight back to the motel. Done and dusted. Sam showers and then conks out almost immediately on his still-made bed.
“You blokes okay?” she asked with a lilting accent.
Sam is staring at Cas.
See you next Sunday for the final act!
When you said that- after you- I couldn't get it out of my head. I never thought that you weren't... happy. And then I started thinking about if I was happy and- I realised I'd never even really acknowledged it because the one thing I wanted... I didn't think I could have it either. Even if I allowed myself to properly want it I didn't believe I could have it and even now I'm not sure I haven't got it all wrong.
S'fine.
Have you seen Jack?
Are you back like Mary?
“Sam?” she paused, “Do
(to Mary)
I thought- when I left you with that boy, Lee. I guess that's when I knew but- I kept telling myself I didn't know. Not really, and maybe I was wrong. I hoped I was wrong.
His mind’s image is before him now, leaning down, reaching out-
“The Impala’s going to be fine Dean.” Cas said, interrupting his thoughts.
Eileen shrugged and went to fetch Cas.
Sam stood at the door giving Becky a hug and thanking her for the lunch. She hadn’t quite explained to the rest of the family who these three strange large men were that were randomly joining them for lunch beyond “They’re just some Supernatural fans I know from the internet.” Her husband had spent the entire time struggling to believe that lie even moreso after Cas had slightly traumatised one of the kids with an in-depth description of the dangers of invasive wasps to honey bee colonies.
Cas rolled his eyes and picked up another biscuit from the tray Becky had brought them. Ever since becoming human again he’d picked up a real sweet tooth. Dean was silently waiting for when Sam would start having a go at him too about healthy diets.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - HALLWAY - DAY
This is my place. And it's best for Jack that I am here.
I never should have-
The barn’s still standing but the years haven’t been kind. Even more slats of wood are missing than before and one end is badly charred from a long-extinguished fire.
Yeah, and I was wrong.
Dean meanwhile, had taken to the shop like a kid in a candy store. That, or a forty-year-old man in the confectionary aisle.
Hello!
“You bought him that?”
The colour drains from Dean's face as he realises what John's talking about.
“Well, sounds like we’ll be missing that if we want to get to Brisbane tomorrow.” Sam replied a little too quickly.
“I thought it was for sharing.”
“-There’s credit cards and debit cards but here is some cash as well.” Wads of brightly coloured bills appeared in his hands which he also handed over.
“Oh, thank God.” Dean breathed.
“Maybe you shouldn’t have taken Gretel on in a drinking competition.”
Why is Dean freaking out? Isn’t he past the freaking out stage? He’s accepted, after several months and a few minor breakdowns, that this is a pretty permanent thing. He wants Cas here, Cas here as a romantic partner in a permanent kind of public way. That’s basically being married. Larry and the rest of this town don’t even know them. What does it matter what they think? It’s fine. It’s cool. It’s-
I wouldn't. Obviously, I would - There's plenty I wish hadn't happened... but- to know your mum's here. And I guess you're happy. So, I wouldn't change it...
Have you met Sam's Eileen?
Cas turns to him, the content smile gone from his face.
Dean reappeared from wherever it was he’d gone, a bleached animal skull swinging by his side.
John stands behind them during this interaction, staring at the random child as he runs back down the street.
Dean pulls back.
He clenched his fists on the guard rail.
“Well, they’re gone… now.”
(See the end of the chapter for
I know. I'm sorry too.
Half-angel.
Have you seen Cas?
But I don't- Cas I don't know if I'm ever gonna be... happy with who I am. I think it's all in too deep but- I am happy, now.
“God no, no he’s not God.” Dean plucked the biscuit Cas had just picked up out of his hand and started to eat it, “I mean he is up in heaven, but he’s just helping Michael get things running again with all the angels back from the Empty.”
them.” She paused, the faint breeze stirred her hair, “I want to
I am sorry.
“That was weird.” Eileen said.
What did you say?
I don't know, it could have been either but...
Sam looks at Dean.
“Jack!” Cas cried as Sam lowered his spatula.
A nephilim?
(frowning)
Cas is giving him one of his soul-searching stares.
“-Stay here and sightsee?!”
I should have gotten over myself a long time ago.
“I know, but we’ll have to leave early tomorrow morning if we want to make it to-”
- Dean puts a piece of pepperoni in Sam's hair to Jack's great amusement and Cas and Mary's judgement.
(beat)
“G’day Jen!” Johnny called from behind the desk, “The parts are just out the back. I’ll go grab ‘em.”
He knows that this isn’t quite what John had in mind for his happily ever after. He’s not even sure if it really is that. Life is too messy for something as simple as a ‘happily ever after’.
(beat)
(beat)
(quietly)
Sam smiles a sweet breath of relief as Dean lets go of Castiel so Sam can embrace the ex-Angel.
You know this ain't my thing. It's been your thing from the start and- that's what it should be. Well yours, and Eileen's now.
MINNIE
And he leaves John and Cas in the hall.
-the sandwich hits the floor.
“Jack… Where are you sending us?”
Cas gives him one of his looks. It doesn’t answer the question.
I don't...
Sam and Mary are taken aback by Dean's outburst.
Sam, Dean and Cas looked at each other.
Dean leaves.
Mia managed to recover her composure even as Kit skulked behind her like a frightened cat.
It looked kinda goopy. Was risotto usually this goopy?
They pull onto the side of the road. Cas turns the car off and looks at him. Something almost akin to fear in his eyes.
Dean heads over to the coffee machine.
The world always seemed to make a bit more sense after a good shower. Pity the Blackall Hotel’s showers had no pressure and there were signs everywhere reminding him of drought, water restrictions and how to take shorter showers.
Mum? She doesn't-
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - KITCHEN - DAY
“Ok.”
Cas breaks the hug first, pulls away and Dean almost doesn’t let him. But Cas doesn’t go far. He raises a hand to cup Dean’s face, and he’s got that same look on his face that he had that night.
Comments and kudos always appreciated <3
“You’ve been back this whole time.”
This doesn't seem to explain anything so Dean turns to John.
“And he’s told the whole town.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean helps Cas up off the ground. Cas GRUNTS, his neck hurts. He moves his hand up to find a gash there. Not deep enough to be serious but it is bleeding.
“He says he wants to go home.” Dean helpfully conveyed to Eileen.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - HALLWAY - DAY
Dean's walks down the hallway. Fists clenched when he hears voices from Room 32.
It's good. I'm happy for you.
“What?”
Dean freezes.
This doesn't make sense.
(beat)
He listens.
Sam glares at Dean as this analysis of events fails to settle John. They stand in the street for a moment, neither party willing to go there.
Dean notices and elbows Cas who begins solemnly making an honorary burger, glancing up only to briefly glare at John.
Holy shit that's Batman.
“Sorry,” Cas readjusted Funko Sam so he could go back to back to fighting Funko Crowley.
“I asked Johnny if we could take dinner to our rooms after our taxing day.” Cas handed Dean the nearest plate. “I assumed we might want to formulate some sort of plan for the coming days without being overheard.”
He takes it, it’s a good cookie. Cas agrees with him, they’ll have to get the recipe off Larry’s fiancée.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - GARAGE - DAY
“Okay yeah,” Dean agrees.
Dean gets up and takes a beer out of the fridge.
Sam ran a hand over his face. God this trip was going to be fun.
Mary gets up and helps him get some food.
“Okay?” Eileen nodded.
Jack, why don't we put our things away? I'm sure Sam and Dean can explain this to us later.
It wasn't a deal Dad. Amara- The Darkness-
FADE IN:
He does?
I guess that was just what was on TV back then.
A creature stood, muscles rippling across its broad chest as it drew itself to its full and considerable height. It fixed them with its beady black eyes, hands hanging heavy with powerful claws…
-Amara?
“Well, none of you seemed very upset about my death in that story.” He turned back to Dean, “You were far more concerned with the pie and the dog.”
“Of the wedding?”
Dean sat, keys in hand glaring at the empty dashboard.
You don't have to defend me- me or Sam. We know our Dad did some pretty messed up stuff but he's still our Dad.
Hey Sam, Dean, ummm, is... is Bloody Mary real?
Ah nah, no-
A moment later Cas and Eileen had piled into the back, waving goodbye to Jen and Johnny.
Dean's texting Cas like a teenage girl with her crush. A silly grin on his face.
“Uh yeah.”
Sure.
Sam left his risotto in the oven. He’d just order pizza, there wouldn’t be enough to feed all four of them anyway if Dean and Cas were back.
John runs his hand over his face.
No, not yet.
“It doesn’t make it feel like a home.”
Cas. Dad.
“Hey, if you hadn’t saved me from Billie we’d all have been toast. You were key.”
You don't know what could have brought him here?
MARY (CONT'D)
Dean’s gun was already in his hand as he moved towards Eileen’s voice.
At Stonehenge’s crowning jewel of tourist attractions – The Address book – they ran into their Kombi-driving, English backpacker saviours. Kit and Mia greeted them by jumping a foot in the air when Eileen said hi, despite being the literal only other people in an empty field of rocks.
Hello Rowena.
He gazed at his three dads and Eileen, a fond smile on his face.
Sam took a step back from the oven, leaning against the kitchen counter. The bunker was quiet these days. Eileen was somewhere in the depths – gone to put some artefacts back in storage before dinner. She was here more often than not these days, but the place still felt quiet.
Dean, do you know this guinea pig?
Lizzie's a girl.
Cas takes a seat at the kitchen bench.
I don't owe you that explanation.
Hey it's ok man.
Thankfully, it also seems to shut up the voice in Dean’s head that’s still thinking about those rings and why they freak him out so much.
(beat)
So, was anyone going to tell me about the guinea pig?
by Kansas - playing as Dean reverses and leaves the parking lot.
All three turn to Lizzie. Lizzie continues obliviously eating carrots.
No. No he's not... I don't think it's like you. We think he's just time travelled somehow. I was going to call Rowena-
John's getting closer, looming over Dean who involuntarily steps back.
He sees them at the table and smiles.
“To be fair that was probably the only thing that felt right there – pie is more important.”
The room holds its breath as John stares at his dead wife.
Have you seen Cas?
“Are you ok?”
It's another plain Men of Letters bedroom.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - WAR ROOM - DAY
Was Dean the well-adjusted one here? Then again, who between them really had the best romantic history? Dean had managed a proper, adult relationship with Lisa for over a year while Sam was in Hell. They’d been happy together. And Sam? Sam had dated Jess, but that was college. His feelings were serious but was the relationship? And Ruby? An actual demon who’d just been using him to release Lucifer and start the apocalypse. Amelia had been wonderful but really, she’d just been using him as a way to forget about her own grief. Besides, Amelia and Jess had never even known about his life. Had they even been close to him if they didn’t know that?
POV: INTRUDER
Life has found a rhythm. A proper rhythm. There are still good days and bad days, but for the most part there’s just normal days.
Cas, I need you to stop.
Larry finally finishes his story, eyebrows raised for their reaction.
I pulled Dean out of Hell.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
Is there someone else for you, now?
Yeah, well that's being human. It's confusing.
Dean is staring at the guinea pig. A frown on his face.
“I got you killed!”
Dean was standing on the back porch of Jen’s homestead staring at their new car like its very existence was a personal offence to all that was Holy within the motor industry.
Do you know how big pigs are? That's not even a piglet. That's maybe like, a guinea pig.
He barely registers the words coming out of his mouth.
Yeah it was under the bed in...
“That’s a lot of chocolate.” Sam said without thinking.
It's too much, this woman that is his wife but is also some stranger confessing to killing his wife.
(very seriously, gesturing to Lizzie)
The Impala pulls up on Lebanon's main strip.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Did I never even ask about Cas?” Sam shook his head breaking the silence. “Like, you come back from fighting Billie and say he’s dead and I just… never question it?”
Oh great.
(blissfully oblivious)
No. I remember... I remember wishing I could have met him.
“Among others.”
INTRUDER'S POV: CONTINUOUS
The kangaroo, deciding they weren’t actually that interesting went back to eating.
I know you don't understand what it's like. To lose someone you love like that.
He pauses the movie two acts in.
Sam and Dean are staring at Mary. Waiting for her to do something. Say something.
On Dean, he takes it in. For a moment there's a flash of anger across his face. He looks at Cas - wrathful warrior of heaven, Sam biting his tongue, Mary - sad and defeated and Jack -
Oh! Sorry.
(guilty)
Dean blushed, trying to cover it up with a cough. “Yeah well, I had some stuff to say.”
Dean shuts up as he realises Batman probably got left on the side of the road.
“You look like you’re freaking out.”
Mary and Sam turn to Dean.
Hopefully, they wouldn’t need to take Jen up on her offer. Ever.
(off Sam's look)
Lizzie...
“Really good thanks.” Dean replies.
He looks across at Cas, the angel of the lord that stormed that barn twelve years ago, taking rounds of bullets to his chest without flinching, as he shoves popcorn that he can’t even taste properly into his mouth and laughs at this stupid Netflix movie.
I purchased the buns.
John isn't convinced.
Dean walks past Cas and Sam to the door of the barn before anything else can be said.
It's.. Well, at least it's been better than last time. So far.
Sam, Cas and Eileen stared at him.
“So, you’re leaving tomorrow?” Kit…
It was like he was existing in a weird liminal space. He had vague plans for the future. Plans to transform the bunker, make it into what it had been designed to be – a place of refuge and research. But there was no hurry.
We'll probably need to find them since that's the only way we know to send him back that doesn't involve disembowelment.
“Just don’t vomit on me or I’ll divorce you.”
You've done well.
He looks at his boys, a strange mix of pride and sadness in his eyes.
“Jesus. Alright, so we buy that car, drive to Brisbane and get the hell outta Dodge.”
“You do realise if you bought a motel there’d be people coming and going all the time. That is the point of a motel.”
Dean and Sam can see Cas absolutely tense at that one. It's still a sore spot.
Sam passes the open door to the kitchen as he heads to the bathroom. He glances and sees Dean on his phone.
What?
Why were they still here?
It starts the moment they agree to check out the strange deaths of three IT professionals in the same small mid-western town.
You didn't- was there a spell that brought you here? Or do you remember anyone strange talking to you? Anyone who said they were... maybe an angel?
“Dude, if you wanted to do a family reunion you could have just called.” Dean grinned.
Dean yanked the passports out of Sam’s hands. Flipping over the documents for a ‘Castiel Murphy’ and an ‘Eileen Murphy’.
“Oh, ok bye-”
(pressing on - to Jack)
Just a burger thanks.
“I love you too.”
Sam opens the Guinea Pig's room door. He catches the movement into Dean's room out of the corner of his eye but dismisses it- it's probably just Dean.
Anyway, how we holding up knowing Cas could see the love in his eyes? Me, I went to the farmer's market and bought local honey in Cas's honour because that is the life that he deserved.
(confused)
Dean sighs, tilts his head against the wall, “Just looking for some closure. A bit of sense I guess.”
Isn't that amazing?
Sam makes a determined pace down the hallway.
Everyone hums in agreement. The conversation fizzles...
Do they have guinea pigs at the pound?
There’s no breeze, they stand still. Firmly closed.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - WAR ROOM - DAY
Cas is staring at his hands- his human, bloodied hands. Dean's words run out, waiting for Cas to say it's ok, to be angry- anything.
You've really settled in.
I don't...
John stops and stares at Dean.
I have been sitting on this for what feels like forever but here it finally is. It's still not quite where I wanted it but I am super pumped about the next chapter so hopefully that won't be another two months away....
With your mother back?
Do you want me to go?
I don't know, I just went to feed her then and she's gone.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - ROOM 32 - DAY
“I didn’t mean- If you want.”
Across the room EILEEN glances back over to him from where she stands with ROWENA who's busy charming one of the APOCALYPSE WORLD HUNTERs.
“What the fuck does that mean Cas? What the fuck do you mean hard? Do you have any idea-”
Been a bit busy saving the world Sammy.
-We killed John Wayne Gacy's ghost. He was trying to kill those kids when we ganked him.
Cas is silent. He's said his piece, it's Dean's turn to speak now. It's up to him if he'll take the leap to bring them out of this mess.
They both turn back to the screen briefly.
Rowena. No, I'm not- We can find what we need. No. We're not using Dad as a guinea pig for your experimental spellwork-
“Not good.”
The three of them had gone on one hunt and then Dean had come in and announced he and Cas were going to take some time and go on a trip. They’d popped in a few times since then but, for the most part, Sam hadn’t seen either of them. He definitely hadn’t done much considering of them as a
No, she's... She's been back for a couple of years.
Together they stand on the threshold and watch Dean and Jack cook. It's all heartachingly domestic.
I think you owe your sons an apology.
Dean looked up at him, “I’m sorry but there is no way I’m letting Claire drive that car.”
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - WAR ROOM - DAY
So I went on holiday to Brisbane last week and my friends flat out refused to take the 14hr drive to Stonehenge so I could research this fic in person. Anyway I'm feeling a bit betrayed by that and obvs need better friends.
Billy's obsessed with cars. We live near the real Stonehenge but he's already told me this is his favourite.
Cas closes the door as Sam comes down the hall.
“I- I um, I made a mistake. I may or may not have released a thing…”
I was just saying-
“Did you do this? Is this your witchy stuff?”
Right.
“Does it have the frogs?”
“Next Supernatural convention?”
INT. IMPALA. DAY.
Well, he clearly hadn’t thought this whole make-up-a-backstory-to-kill-ghosts-then-accidentally-fall-in-love-with-the-haunted-motel-and-buy-it-to-start-a-new-life-with-Cas thing through. They’d only personally told Larry though? Maybe they could just gaslight him a little? Claim they’d never pretended to be married in the first place.
It's not what I imagined but I'm glad you've got a home. Got someplace to be.
A solid hand presses against his arm.
Yeah. But you're not going now. Dean wants a family dinner.
“What the hell Sammy?” Dean says as he hovers over the description.
Eileen gave him an incredulous look, “Last I checked, cosmic forces that have
If I'd had just a fraction of this when we were hunting...
Dead grass. Stunted trees. If you squinted there was a kinda pathetic mountain range on the horizon - the John Egan Pioneer Track Lookout sure was scintillating stuff.
“That would be the beetroot.” Cas said around a mouthful of his own burger.
-Uncle. This is our Uncle....
Becky looked up to find Sam and Dean giving her a dirty look.
Dean steps forward.
“What the fuck are
Dean stood to the back of the room with Cas letting Sam and Eileen fill Josie and Johnny in on their “holiday trip across the country” and “car troubles”.
I didn't have a choice. Mary, you didn't know what was out there.
It has been way too long since he got properly smashed.
John clears his throat
(surprised)
But it was all my fault. I made a deal with Azazel. I was the one who let him get to Sam. But if I'd just told you... If I'd just been honest...
John had spent the morning at a bench huddled over his journal, but by the afternoon even he joined in for a mini-train ride. Before they left, Dean stole him a crappy dinosaur magnet from the souvenir shop which Sam treasured for a while but later lost, left behind in some motel room or another. But that night, curled up on a lumpy mattress that smelt of cigarettes and spilt beer, Sam made a vow that when he was an adult, he was going to go on holidays all the time.
Mary smiles, she comes forward and hugs him.
brought me back. Sam…”
“Yeah.” Dean shrugs but it comes out more like a twitch. He’s not convincing anyone.
BRITISH TOURIST
Me too.
I don't think he's lying...
It would certainly have been different.
Dean sings along over-dramatically to the song on the radio, carefree and silly. We pan over to the passenger seat where Cas sits pointedly trying to ignore him despite the small fond smile on his face.
So you're really an angel. Halo, harp and all?
“Besides,” Dean carries on while he still has the courage, “this place has been on the market over a year. It’s haunted as hell, no one’s going to want to buy it and that agent’s absolutely desperate to sell.”
Almost forgot to post this cos I got so distracted by the whole Misha con thing. Anyway it's 11.15am in the morning and it's already been one hell of a day.
Cas doesn't intend to back down until he looks at Dean.
Rowena shrugs.
On her hood the small, silhouetted figures seem to lean in together as we-
John eyes him suspiciously.
Sounds like there's lots of hunter chicks out there.
Sam chuckles, he looks back out to the room. To the simple happiness of it all.
“Hey, is everything ok?”
Dean stands up just as the temperature of the room plummets. The sound of a scream echoes from the bathroom.
“It’s mobile scrap metal.”
Eileen had returned from the chocolate section.
And he doesn’t think too much about it - because if he does it makes him a little sweaty and his thoughts tend to spiral - but it’s nice to have a constant reminder that somehow he’s ended up loved, even if he put the ring on his own finger both times.
So, what were Sam and Dean like when they were kids?
He stared blankly ahead at the kitchen backsplash. It needed a clean. He could do that tomorrow. He had time for those things now. A whole lifetime of time.  And apparently that even included time for cooking complicated recipes from food blogs.
“More than one ghost then?”
“Have you ever ridden a horse?”
Dean curses, slumps against the wall of the barn. Of course, it’s not what he thought. Why would it be?
We've been through some shit but, I wouldn't give up what we have now for... for any of it. For a normal life, for not growing up in shitty motels or always knowing the monster under the bed was real. I wouldn't give it up.
MINNIE
They don’t really talk about it after that. They do their own thing, concentrate on getting the motel up and running and continue telling the people in town their fake backstory while Sam and Eileen give them more and more ridiculous looks.
.” Cas elaborates.
(finally deciding to "go there")
Surely we run out of ancient deities to kill eventually.
“Well I’m just glad Chuck didn’t get to go ahead with that one.” Becky said, sitting back down with her laptop, “I mean all of his drafts were honestly terrible but that one… I mean it didn’t even make sense considering your character arcs. Dean literally died like he thought he would at the beginning of the series and Sam, grows old with a random woman and doesn’t do anything with his life and not even mentioning Cas even though he was right there in heaven-“
(skeptical)
So, you and that angel, huh.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean this to be a reunion. I just needed you all in the same place. Although it is nice to see you. Here are your bags.”
When we were at the car monument, he was asking if John would be happy that you and Dean are still hunting.
He shakes his head and sits on the bed.
You think I need to apologise too?
INTRUDER'S POV: MEN OF LETTERS - DEAN'S ROOM - DAY
BLACKOUT.
“I’m afraid you’ll leave.” He wants to look away but he forces himself to hold Cas’s gaze. “Cas, please stay.”
Or maybe The Life had just Stockholm syndromed him and now he didn’t know how to take a break.
Asleep, properly this time.
John tries to formulate an answer but there's nothing to say.
Was it fair to feel jetlagged if you hadn’t even been on a plane?
Behind them stands JACK, they don't notice. He says nothing but smiles and disappears again.
So everyone knows what we do?
“Who are you texting?”
Sure, why don't you get the burgers cooking while I get finish up these tomatoes?
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - HALLWAY - NIGHT
“Dean?”
“Son of a freaking bitch.” Dean muttered. “Where the hell even are we?”
Cas chucks him an amused look from the driver’s side.
“Uh, yeah, I think so.” Bronte looks through her notes, “I don’t think it has any machines anymore though. So it would need to be replaced.”
A thickset woman breezed into the room accompanied by the smell of sweat, dust and sheep – or maybe that was just them – and a wide grin under her trucker cap.
John is staring at Cas who is conspicuously not eating.
A smile crosses his face.
The three of them stand in the hallway.
“I don’t even want kids. Our lives are crazy. Why would I do that to a kid?”
(repressing his guilt)
“Sure thing!” the woman beamed, jumping out to slide open the back door to the van. The man looked less pleased but said nothing.
They're quiet for a moment. Neither of them sure where this conversation's going.
And it was a good thing that at least kissing Cas, even here in Earth Hell, somehow still felt like home.
In his head it's still, if you're not a human you're a monster and if you're a monster you die.
It's Lizzie.
(baiting)
Honestly, I was ha- I was content-
Another shitty motel in another small town on another forgettable stretch of the Midwest.
INTRUDER'S POV: CONTINUOUS
We only just found out. Mum, I'm sorry...
It had been three hours since Jack had dropped them in the middle of nowhere. Not just nowhere, Dean had decided, but the worst nowhere ever dreamt up.
Sam and Dean are in the corridor taking a moment of respite.
Cas raises his head from his burger and looks John dead in the eye.
Sam looked to Dean who had entered sulk mode.
I'm sorry Dean, I just...
It’s all fine.
(approaching from down the hall)
Sam ran a hand over his face. “It’s a car Dean. We buy it. We get out of here. We go home.”
The war table, covered in an elaborate set up of labelled phones - "FBI AGENT CRUISE", "GENERAL HUNTER ENQUIRIES", "ANIMAL WELFARE" Etc. - Sam sits amongst it all, lore books spread before him. On the opposite side of the table Eileen is explaining something in one of the books to a YOUNG HUNTER.
Sam cautiously placed the dish back in the oven. Maybe it just needed more cooking time? Maybe the rice was wrong? Maybe Sam should never have attempted the “No-stir risotto with radishes, asparagus and artichokes” that Kelly from
“What are you doing here?”
He hurries back off to his friends.
He can hear Cas coming down the stairs. Cas who even now doesn’t realise that he is unofficially fake-married for life. It won’t bother Cas though. Dean knows that. It’ll just be another human thing that Cas is not that upset by. Dean, on the other hand, is upset by all manner of human things.
You'd think after being in the Empty you'd have had plenty of alone time.
Dean’s whole-body flinches. Visions can’t touch.
“Dean was very adamant about bringing me back.” Cas looked over to Dean, a soft smile and look of adoration of his face.
Dean we don't just get wins like that...
Mary nods.
You are Cas. You know that, you are.
Dean-
John looks at them. Almost calm for the first time.
Sam’s face broke into a relieved smile, “Yeah, we’re just looking for a ride to the nearest town.”
I think he'd be proud. At least he should be proud.
“Ok, so nearest international airport is Brisbane,” Sam sat at the small table in Cas and Dean’s room, laptop open on a flight search site, “Which is fourteen hours away.”
He shouldn't have had to.
At the end of the barn he turns to face the doors.
It’s Dean who leans forward, takes the final leap and presses his lips feather soft against Cas’s. He leans awkwardly, hyper aware of not spilling the bowl of popcorn in his lap. Cas shifts closer so that he can properly kiss him. He tastes like popcorn and ozone and Cas.
“Yeah true,” Dean carefully balanced the skull on the lookout railing. He looked kind of content. Oh God. Maybe Dean
Dean wouldn't say he's blushing but he's got a silly grin on his face as he puts his phone down.
Dean’s are empty. He’s cried enough tears and he isn’t going to let some ghostly hallucination draw more from him now.
John turns to him.
He is... a very good son.
Kit and Mia dropped them outside the rustic looking hotel with a wave before disappearing back into a cloud of red dirt.
No, she's a hunter. A really good one.
The table turns to where Jack's staring. At a small, black and white GUINEA PIG poking out from behind a statuette on a bookshelf behind the table.
“-No. No, I meant that. Remind me to repeat that in the- in the morning.” The world sways a little and it’s not from being in love. “Or not the morning, maybe like next week.”
They part but Dean doesn't step away, doesn't deny anything. Just picks up his pizza boxes.
John and Dean turn back to Sam.
John gets out from the passenger seat to take in the town, Sam and Dean following close behind.
Dean goes to answer, suddenly feeling like the hallway is a very public space. He gestures for Cas to follow him to-
Dean sighs, “Well, we should probably let Bronte know the good news before Casper murders us.”
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - WAR ROOM - DAY
And he’s happy.
Hey Jack.
Dean looks up.
movie.”
“I want the frogs Cas.”
“Dean you cannot eat that much candy. You’ll get diabetes.” Cas frowned.
Jack enters.
The boys stand in the war room, waiting.
John relaxes first. Everything's so crazy why not try to have a conversation with an angel? Cas looks one move off slipping his angel blade out of his sleeve.
The man, CASTIEL, jolts to life. His eyes open wide. His hands grasp out at the dirt before him. His fingers seem unbelieving at the solid, gritty reality they feel.
Four large duffel bags appeared before Jack. His normally beaming smile seemed oddly forced. “I hope I have packed enough clothes. There are also weapons and cheeseburgers for dinner.”
(quickly)
...You thought I was a monster too. When we first met.
I didn't bring-
“Sam? Deciding vote.” Eileen raised her eyebrow. God she could do so much better.
EXT. BUNKER. NIGHT.
” Dean clenched the keys in his fist.
“We’ll come find you if we have any other questions.” Cas says firmly.
“I won’t leave Dean.” He says, barely a whisper.
(with a quiet, barely contained anger)
I tried. I tried Dad and I-
For Henry's blood spell.
MONTAGE - A SOFT EPILOGUE
He should probably check the boundary sigils tomorrow he thinks to himself as he reassembles his rifle, deftly placing the parts back together as his Dad taught him so long ago. His mind wanders back to his father as it does sometimes. He wonders what John Winchester would think of him if he could see him now. John had once told him that all he’d wanted was for Dean to have a home, to have a family, to be able to settle down and live the normal life John and Mary had lost.
I'll try and locate some of the spell ingredients tonight.
What felt like hours later they finally escaped Josie and Johnny’s interrogations and made it to their rooms. Dinner and breakfast provided by the in-house dining facilities, which incidentally were also the only place in town to get dinner and breakfast, had been arranged courtesy of the managers. They’d also arranged to meet Johnny early tomorrow morning for a lift to Jen’s station.
-It'd be different settling down with a hunter. Can you imagine if your mum had been a hunter? If she'd known about this world?
I was in Idaho. Hunting a banshee and then... I woke up in this place.
I can't believe the resources here. I mean there's books here on how to kill things I didn't even know existed.
I'm not sure what I want. I thought I was hungry but now I'm not... It's still confusing.
Above Dean and Cas the same shooting star appears bright in the sky.
Cas remembers how to breathe, and his hands grip tight onto Dean’s.
ELLIOT
“It’s just a packet of frogs! Why frogs? Doesn’t even say what they taste like.” Dean was holding up a packet of bright red coloured gummy frogs.
No, absolutely not. That's- I- Absolutely not.
Sam drummed his fingers on the railing of the lookout fence.
And Dad... Mum is... she's alive. She kinda got brought back...
Now there’s an established garden and a growing business. There’s always a hunter or two staying with them but there’s also families, backpackers and blow ins with nowhere else to go. The fullness of human life that inhabits these kinds of places and Dean is glad to have them here.
Never mind, apparently the path Dean was choosing was to randomly drop in.
Cas is an angel and Jack's a nephilim.
“No. I’m fine.”
Cas and Jack leave the tourist shop and head to Cas's truck.
John.
The intruder reaches another door. Repeats their motions, listens for noise, opens the door then cautiously glances in-
(what is he talking about?)
“Perfect, that gives Charlie time to talk to the police before we get there and find out if there’s anything more we don’t know.”
Jack looks across to Dean.
Right. Um, I don't know.
Morning Dean.
“In the motel parking lot. They’re gonna tow her…” Dean ran a hand over his face, “She’s gonna get impounded!”
He wound it down.
Would you have seen him?
“But dude-”
It was nice to meet you Mr Winchester.
“I’m not.”
MINNIE
MARY appears from the other side of the room, toweling her hair dry.
“Sam?!” Eileen called from down the hallway, a slight note of distress in her voice.
ROWENA
Hey kid.
Lizzie Borden the Guinea Pig- How?
“Yeah, it’s-.”
Cas leans in and kisses Dean chastely on the lips. Like he might have if they ever had had a wedding. It’s sweet and it’s perfect and it’s nothing like he imagined getting married would be like but he’s looking forward to repeating it every day for the rest of his life.
See you all next Sunday!
(snapping)
You know you don't have to. I mean...
He leaves just after 1am. Sam’ll be out for at least a few more hours. He leaves a note anyway on the cheap motel notepad –
(putting out his hand to John)
You were like five.
Sam twisted his mouth thinking, it was something he’d considered but didn’t want to dwell on.
Half-angel, half-human. Well, archangel in my case. Hello!
Right.
Dean looks up, a little panicked.
“Thanks again for checking on us Becky.” Dean said, accepting the hug she gave him.
I'm sorry John.
And my mother was Kelly Kline. (quiet) But she died.
Sam walks down the bunker corridor past the numbered bedrooms. He almost runs into a HUNTER as they exit their room in a hurry, flicking him a salute as they run off.
Mary, what are you talking about?
TOURIST LADY
Dad, that was a lifetime ago. I'm not... I'm not angry at you. You've been gone a long time and- Dean was right, I don't know how you're here but I'm glad you are because, I didn't get to say goodbye. And, that hurts more than anything else that's happened.
“No you won’t.” Dean mumbles. And he knows it’s true. From the smile Cas has on his face and from everything they’ve been through. Cas isn’t going anywhere and they don’t need a piece of paper to tell them that.
Jody and Alex sit on cheap chair's at a high school graduation.
Dean shakes his head and she gives him a flirtatious smile before heading back to the kitchen with a shake of her ass.
I couldn't intervene.
(to Dean)
(eyes wide)
“Hopefully today.” Eileen supplied.
Jack pulls his cheesy buns out of the oven proudly.
Cas is already asleep by the time he’s finished brushing his teeth and made it to their bed.
Is that Eileen?
I'll go find him.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - KITCHEN - LATER
(remembering something)
“What are you scared of now?” Dean asks, barely a whisper.
He is- he's a good guy. He just has very- I mean he can have very rigid ideas of what's right and wrong and when he gets something in his head he can't- he doesn't let up.
We didn't- We weren't sure how to tell you.
He’d left it too long. Eileen’s expression was faltering.
“Don’t worry.” She said, somewhat shortly.
Says the dude pushing 42. Is that grey hair I see?
Dean continued to glare at the car.
“-Sam and Dean have always done their laundry. That’s how they clean their clothes.” Cas piped up in confusion.
John's hand instinctively goes to the gun at his side. Cas sees it.
It's ok Jack, no one's mad but... We need to know if you can put him back.
“That’s the one.” Dean smiles, he throws an arm around Cas in what he hopes is a casual, loving way but he overdoes it and half hits Cas on the side of the head.
“I don’t know,” Sam said.
“Have you let Sam know we’re here?”
Dean is watching them both, not addressing the elephant in the room.
I keep waiting for the other shoe to drop. The next apocalypse - for Lucifer or Chuck or Godzilla or something to turn up.
(deliberately slowly)
Dean said you've been back for a few years now.
brought him back?
Sam takes the phone back from Cas.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - WAR ROOM - DAY
Dean's right. John can't look at him.
I was, but this vessel is now... empty.
Cas turned to Dean.
Mary?
John looks back to Sam, raises an eyebrow.
Dean winces as he bandages the wound. He shifts knocking another bruise.
Exit Sam.
Dean pours himself a cup of coffee.
“What sort of “thing” Jack?” Cas questioned.
“Nothing, you’re just grumpier than me.”
She was smart, funny and gorgeous. She had a way with people and made friends easily. Sam’s only friends were either dead or they were really Dean’s and only his by extension. She was an incredible hunter, but she could do a normal life too if she wanted. She could have it all.
Seeing Sam, she quickly put the pamphlet down.
Dean proceeds to lead Gretel through a long-winded story that probably doesn’t leave Sam in a very good light. It’s pretty unbelievable but then again, it’s still more believable than the real story of how they ended up here.
He seems very sweet.
ROWENA
I was just about to text you boys.
“Because we’ve all got Australian passports. We’d need visas to get back in and I’m the only person who’s a real citizen… or at least not wanted by the FBI.” Eileen explained, holding the passports out to the brothers.
I thought he was with you?
On Dean -
What about Mum? What about getting Cas back?
I know, I found it hard to understand at first too but they've been here for our boys.
Dean rolls his eyes.
I didn't even realise. I'm so-
“No, the Americas. The continent. North and South.”
“Ok,” Sam said stepping forward, “how do we help? Do you know what this “thing” is?”
The room illuminates - boxes and junk cover towering shelves.
Dean’s phone buzzed, he pulled it out and tapped a reply.
So, you're ready to get rid of me.
Sam gives him a look.
I'm messed up dude, I'm a mess of a person and- you... You've always been so much more and honestly Cas you scare the crap out of me sometimes. But it scares me even more how much I care for you.
“I was still as useless as in Chuck’s version.” Cas clarified taking another biscuit to make up for his stolen one.
Dean's always showing me these old westerns. He says they're the best of cinema.
“Why didn’t you come back?”
(trying to diffuse)
The smile doesn't go away as he finally turns back to his sandwich.
The intruder examines the closest object, a small obelisk thing. They run their hands over the strange carved glyphs.
Eileen was in the chocolates section reading the labels intently. She’d been so happy that morning at the lookout. She deserved that. She deserved to be happy. She didn’t deserve to be in this stupid supermarket on the other side of the world staring at brands she didn’t recognise.
Sam and Dean sit at the table in the war room. Sam has some books open and Dean has his laptop but neither are focused on their research. Both are deep in thought.
Dean tries to play it cool unsuccessfully as he realises the waitress is kind of hitting on his Dad.
At least it is a moment. For the first time since Cas came back things feel right.
“Well, we don’t have any other real plans. And I think it would be interesting to learn how to run a business and you don’t want to keep hunting forever.”
Sam leant over. It was Cas.
“Australia.” Eileen breathed.
“Moreton River Motel?” Larry’s eyes narrow.
Hey Maggie, how'd you go with the rugaru?
“Went out for dinner.”
(squinting)
No he didn't!
How was uh, how was the walk?
He finds himself on his feet. Words of anger coming so much easier than the tenderness he’s been holding near his heart
Jen nodded, apparently satisfied, as Johnny came back out with a large package.
Dean can’t sleep. Typical. He stares at the faded wallpaper on the dingy hotel room wall. The pull feels like a burning. He wants to throw up. But then again, he wants to throw up most of the time these days.
John turns back to his family.
“Well, they seemed nice.” Eileen said as they watch the Kombi van disappear.
I don't think I've slept in something that wasn't a motel bed or Bobby's couch since...
John doesn't look up. His brain is ticking away with what Mary said.
SAM (CONT'D)
(grimly)
“Like you said, we could turn it into a resource for hunters. And a home for us that’s not the middle of Sam and Eileen’s hunting operation.”
The tourist motions for them to move closer together.
Jack didn’t meet Dean’s eyes. It was strange seeing God look guilty. Like they’d caught him eating an entire box of sugary cereal at 3am again. It struck Sam like a physical blow how young he still was.
Right... and he didn't want to tell me because she's what- a vampire or something?
“Well, you seem to be the expert on what I want.” Eileen stood up, grabbing her wallet off the bedside table and shoving it into her pocket.
“Sammy that’s not a car.”
Cas laughs softly, and Dean can’t help but smile with him.
I know that! I'm not saying forever but- This is the first time since I was four that I've had my whole family under one roof- Hell my whole family alive! Can't we just appreciate that for a moment? For one dinner even?
You- You do know that guinea pigs aren't pigs right?
Wow. That's awesome! Ok cool, thanks.
Dean takes Cas’s hands in his, “Cas,” he whispers, “I did marry you. I am marrying you. Every day when I wake up- when we wake up and we do our fake little marriage thing that’s us getting married for real. I marry you every day in a million tiny ways and I’ll marry you in a million more. And I don’t need to vow that in front of all our friends and family to keep good on that promise.”
Things hadn’t been perfect, but they had seemed damn close. Sure Dean was mad to be stuck in freaking Earth Hell with nosy ass motel owners and no car and a sun that seemed personally out to kill him but… He took one of Cas’s hands in his own. His stomach still flipped a little every time he did that. Here was an ex-angel sitting across the table from him worried about his dumb car and enjoying stupid beetroot-ridden-burgers and holding his hand like they were awkward teenagers.
Dean shoots him a glare,
“I was hoping you or Sam had an explanation.”
Eileen tried again, slower.
“Dude, if I live long enough to die of diabetes, I’m calling that a win.”
We're friends.
Sam shrugs, “Suit yourself.”
Here was
“That’s different though.” He starts, and then continues while he’s at it because apparently he
Dean stops. He can’t. This is all his wanted for weeks. Months? He’s not sure. Time is different here too. And now Cas is standing in front of him and he just wants to fight.
He places the silver ring on the nightstand as he does every night and slips under the covers beside his sleeping husband.
John snaps up at that.
They hadn’t gone on with the newlyweds story. Bronte had been so stressed about selling the place that she didn’t care if they were a respectable married couple or three rats in a trenchcoat who wanted to turn the place into a front for the Macedonian mafia. And besides her, they’d barely spoken properly to anyone in town since moving in. Charlie had been bummed her elaborate backstories had gone to waste but it had been such a simple hunt in the end…
“Jack-” Cas tried to intervene as Jack shoved the folders into their hands.
Sam tries not to laugh.
“Why are you here Dean?” The apparition’s voice is firmer, more demanding.
I got that.
Yeah.
Jack shrugs, wandering off happily through the cars.
With mum, with Sam and Jack and Eileen. And with you.
Jack enters.
No, I did. I just mean, you shouldn't have ruined your whole life over me.
-Oh no, Lucifer is my biological father but Castiel and Dean and Sam are my real dads.
Mary tries to say something but it's all a bit much.
John's mouth is agape. Sam and Dean are staring at their mum. Cas is somewhat placated and Jack is stuck in the middle looking no longer oblivious but instead very, very lost.
The song shifts to soundtrack as we begin to get a glimpse of the future the boys and their family will write themselves.
(not convinced)
Silence.
Donna takes one with a grin.
He watches as the happy couple exchange their vows and whilst it’s very sweet he still can’t imagine the idea of himself up there. Even opposite Cas. It’s too performative, too rehearsed and there’s nothing he can imagine he could ever say in front all their friends and family that could ever properly encompass the way he feels about the man sitting next to him.
Mr. Winchester, did you ever take Sam and Dean to Carhenge when they were kids?
“So, what are you guys going to do know?” Becky asked after the moment had become sufficiently awkward. “I mean no Chuck, no apocalypse, no world to save. Are
Cas hums and leans down to press a quick kiss to the side of Dean’s head and then he’s gone.
I know they're
He does.
Dean had gone to the bathroom when Eileen leaned over to poke Sam in the shoulder. She pointed to a boy behind Sam with a mullet and signed something to him, her eyebrows raised in a smirk.
He does a bit of an awkward smile at Cas and leaves.
John sighs, puts his mug down with a THUNK.
(to Cas)
Uh yeah, kind of but-
Jack looks at Lizzie the Guinea Pig. Lizzie looks at Jack. Did he bring her here?
-No! We're not removing anyone's souls.
Mary?
But the silence returns as they start passing the food, loading up their burgers.
So am I.
“Jack this is monopoly money.” Dean pulled at the wad of cash, “Why is it all plastic?”
And now they were on the final leg of their tour, a 4WD adventure up the John Egan Pioneer Track complete with
Whatever it was Cas at least seemed to get it and signed something back to her.
“How small?” Dean asked, “Are we talking like Kansas small or like one specific Walmart small?”
No, Dean has to agree. It is not.
(quietly)
“I mean, it was Larry. He brought us cookies. Wanted to welcome us into the neighbourhood.”
You weren't there enough to know.
To have a chance to just see her again. To talk to her one last time. You and your brother had no right to keep that from me!
(confused)
“I- I love you too Dean. And I want to stay. I don’t want to go back to heaven, and I haven’t for a long time. I just want to stay here like this… with you.”
I love you.
Dean is massacring some tomatoes, the Michelin star chef of the morning long gone. He works away alone in the kitchen deep in thought.
Sam held up his hand to silence Dean.
“We really need to get our facts straight on that one.” Cas says after Gretel leaves to congratulate Larry and Jemima.
I guess I gripped you tight and raised you from perdition.
Quick flashes:
Sam smiles softly and holds her close.
EXT. BUNKER. NIGHT.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - ROOM 32 - DAY
Mary, is that true? Are you really-?
“What?”
I should have warned you. I should have... told you what was out there. That no matter what happened to me you could never let Sam and Dean...
He stares up at the man before him, his eyes wide.
FADE OUT.
The cloud of dust slowly grew as it approached them until it became a bright orange Kombi van.
Cas looks up at him with a wan smile.
What? No, I mean.
Her son, BILLY (4) clutches at her skirt.
John shakes his head in disbelief.
Godzilla, not Lucifer. And definitely not Chuck. (beat) Maybe we can do Mothman after.
“Sure is.” Dean took a step back, “Well I guess we’ll be seeing you?”
INT. HARRY'S DINER - DAY
Sam opens his eyes to see his brother standing next to him, cocky smile on his face.
“Why?”
He had never anticipated how weird it would feel. No Chuck, no apocalypse, no next problem they had to solve. For the first time in his life, he didn’t feel like he had a ticking time bomb over his head.
So maybe it wasn’t The Hell, he concluded, but it sure as shit was hell on Earth. Freaking Australia.
“Hey Cas,” he says even as he knows he can’t hear him, “I think I’m gonna marry you tomorrow.”
Ahead of them Eileen ground to a halt, bent over in exhaustion. Puffing heavily, she signed something to them which Dean didn’t catch at all, but he figured it was something along the lines of “Stop” or “My whole body hurts”. Equally likely was “I too am getting weirdly nostalgic for real Hell and would like to go back there” or “What the actual fuck Jack why didn’t you drop us on a beach? I heard Australia has great beaches.”
True.
“It’s just been a long day and… I’m worried about Jack. We still have no idea what he’s facing, and we spent this morning looking at dead trees and rocks. We haven’t even looked into what it could be.”
They’re nothing fancy but they’re expensive enough that they shouldn’t stain Cas’s skin even if he has to wear it for an extended period. Still, they’re a proper commitment.
I'm sure they have. Maybe they came with their dad.
We worked out what... brought you here. It was Jack.
My hair looks- oh shit.
… Is that not like… a slur here?”
Sam and Eileen left for their room with a good night, leaving Dean staring out the window towards the setting sun and Cas staring across the room at Dean.
John looks across to Sam, does he also-
“We did tell him we were.”
INT. BARN. NIGHT.
(looking to Mary)
John's advancing again. He's right up against Dean who suddenly looks very much like the kid he once was.
Um, Mum, Dad's kinda here from 2006. We don't know why or how but...
It's good though, I'm glad he has someone. It's funny, Sam always wanted to get out of this and now he's even got a hunter girl.
The sigils are still there upon the walls. Hardly touched by graffiti over the years.
Cas doesn't say anything. He watches Billy and his mum as they head to their own car. Billy catches sight of Jack and waves with his whole tiny body.
Becky leant back in her armchair letting out a sigh of relief. “I’m glad you guys are ok. You too Cas, he was really adamant about killing you off.”
Dean can feel Cas stiffen in his hands. They’ve been doing this for a year but they have a very long track record of leaving important things unspoken.
When you said- that night when you said that the thing you wanted, was something you could never have... What did you mean by that?
Sam raised his eyebrows in surprise, Dean brows knitted as Cas tilted his head.
I mean, uh, well... He's happy.
Dean squinted. In the distance a speck of billowing dust was just visible.
(concerned)
Cas’s eyes don’t leave the road, “Yes.” He says.
“No- God I can’t believe he made himself human. I can’t believe we made him human and then said that was a punishment – sorry, no he’s kind of in a uhhh…”
Dean turned in the passenger seat to face her, “You mean in an endless monotony way?”
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - KITCHEN - DAY
Your mum says you're happy.
Dean stares at his food.
Dean is making burgers but I'm unaware of him having planned a show also.
I thought Sam had.
“Oh yes, the previous owner also installed rain tanks so you’ve got your own water supply, but I think he mostly used that for the house and the pool.”
“That’s not what I-” Sam glanced in rear view mirror. Eileen wasn’t looking at him. She was looking out the window, a little miffed.
He returned from the shower to the welcome sight of Cas and four plates of hamburgers.
Cas came over and sat in the chair where Sam had been and placed his hands on the table. He met Dean’s gaze, seeming genuinely concerned.
“It’s good to be back.” Cas whispers into his shoulder.
The third night Sam and Eileen go out for dinner. Sam tries to invite Dean and Cas along in the kitchen over lunch and Dean just gives him a confused look. “No, I don’t want to go on your date Sam.”
“G’day Josie, G’day Johnny!”
places. He just wanted to
Dean shifts in the bulky cardigan Charlie insisted he wear. Larry can probably sense the uncomfortable energy edging off him. Nerves that don’t have any right to be there. It’s just a case after all.
ROWENA
I'm sorry, I can't.
“And you didn’t think to tell me. Me or Sam? I thought we were family Cas?!”
John is pacing the floor.
Sam had a spatula. It would do.
They didn’t add anything to the book in the end, but Eileen took plenty of photos of the names, addresses and messages in the dirt. Wouldn’t want to forget their visit to Stonehenge, Australia!
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - ROOM 32 - DAY
(See the end of the chapter for
On Mary and John - watching their kids bicker like it's a normal family dinner.
Dean's face undergoes a spasm containing many different expressions. He tries to shrug the whole thing off with a cocky smile but it comes off more like he is having digestion issues.
“Why the fuck is there beetroot on my burger?”
Jack gets to work with glee.
“I don’t want you to get hurt! I’m just sick of seeing people around me getting dragged into our crap and getting hurt because of it. And since this is just the new piece of shit twist in my life then yeah, maybe I wish you weren’t here! Maybe I wish you were back home living your life.”
“-Be happy. Get to actually enjoy living in the world you saved. Have free will and be at peace.”
Except the desk is home to a large cage and in the cage is-
(defensive)
He steps back.
The kiss is soft, more of a question than an embrace but slowly it turns into an answer.
You didn't have to come for me.
EILEEN
Cas gets up to collect the small mammal.
“No, I think we’re gonna go home and think about it.” Cas says.
Sam and Dean sit in shock across from their father.
Jack gets into position beside Carhenge, smiling intensely at the camera and doing his signature 'Jack wave' as Cas takes a photo.
He looked back to where Eileen was investigating the cracker selection. It probably wasn’t that she didn’t want to be here. She probably just didn’t want to be here with
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
(broken, quiet)
He looks just like Batman.
Cas took another biscuit
There’s something he should say.
The room has emptied. Dean gathers the empty pizza boxes as Cas rinses their plates in a comfortable silence.
No. He does know how to fix it. He’s just afraid.
Perhaps we should have asked Rowena for a tracking spell for the guinea pig.
He turns to Sam, clasps him on the shoulder.
“In that case we call Charlie, get a full list of probable suspects and try and hit all the graves in one night?”
Dean was giving Sam a look from across the room. The look implied all sorts of ideas about grand theft auto and possible murder. It was rather persuasive.
“There’s, like, four different brands of snake shaped candies. Surprised they don’t have spider candies too.” Dean was putting all four bags into the basket.
You're missing the party?
Cas smiled, “Sam and Eileen will be here in a moment.”
John is gone.
“God, I think Chuck has forever ruined that song for me.”
When Sam was five, he’d wanted more than anything to go on a real holiday. He’d begged for weeks before John had finally agreed, pulling into a roadside attraction park and pronouncing this their “Family Vacation”. Years later Sam would forget the name of the park, or even the state they’d found it in, but he would remember the giant dinosaurs, the mini-train ride and a sense of fun that was already beginning to feel rare in his life.
Uh...
“The building out the back, did that use to be a laundromat?” Dean asks before he realises he’s even thinking about it.
Behind Dean, SAM WINCHESTER wipes his bleeding hand on his shirt. The strange sigil behind him still dripping with blood, his face full of relief.
Confirmation that Jack had dumped them to the literal ends of the Earth “That’s fine.” Dean lied.
Just as we were leaving, around 10. Why, do you think...?
Deans lets out a shuddering sigh.
“I can drive if you’re that offended?”
(a whisper)
Cas smiled. He seemed to be doing that more often. Dean had never even noticed how little Cas used to smile until now.
Turning the key the Impala revved to life. The radio began to sing, the opening chords to Kansas’s Carry on Wayward Song filling the car.
Sam and Dean try their best to move on as they enter-
A pause as Dean watches those three dots appear and disappear.
“I don’t really know what you meant. And I’m terrified that we both mean two different things but I just need you to know that I’m so glad you’re back and- Cas you mean so much to me and I’ve been such a dick since you got back but I just don’t want you to go. I just want you to stay and I need you to know before I fuck this up anymore that I love you too… I love you Cas.”
John looks between his sons.
The bright sunlight hit Sam’s eyes like a slap in the face.
“You know I love him and I’m glad it’s him up there instead of Chuck, but the dude is also three. He took his favourite teddy bear to heaven with him.”
It wasn’t pretty, Sam would give Dean that. The 1993 Holden Commodore, which Johnny had described as a “classic Aussie car” on the drive over, was a squat blue-grey sedan with silver stripes down the sides and a massive dent on the back right side. But according to Jen it still went, had at least a month’s registration on it and was basically their only car purchasing option between here and Longreach.
John turns to her. All anger gone from his body. He's back to that slack reverence.
Cas exits.
“Dudes, a guy just told me that they sell kangaroo scrotums as souvenirs in gift shops here. That’s just a common thing.” He announced to the table.
“They have so many gummies here man.” He said, as he picked up a bright red and purple packet, “
Claire and Kaia stand over the smoking remains. Claire pulls out her phone to send a text.
Yes, Eileen could do better than Sam Winchester. She’d realise that soon. She’d meet some beautiful, tall, muscled Australian man who spoke fluent ASL and didn’t get dragged into galaxy-level shitshows once a year. They’d be happy and hunt monsters and live in a beautiful, renovated cabin and-
“Larry thinks we’re married.”
You don't have to say anything Dean.
“Oh, actually Jen-” Josie interrupted, “Sam, you said your car was a write-off?”
Oh boy, this was one was a bit of a monster but I hope y'all enjoyed.
Mary gets up again but this time it's John who moves away.
I kind of remember.
You didn't know. How could you...
Cas starts a little at the voice. He's still getting used to his new senses- or lack thereof.
They drive straight back to the bunker – back
(looking to Dean)
Sam is shaking his head at Dean.
face and Cas was looking offended on Eileen’s behalf.
(to Sam)
“I’ll hold you to that.”
I love you Cas.
She grew up hunting too. She'll ask for help if she needs it.
Are you happy your Dad's back?
It wasn't... No one else mattered like you. You know that.
What are you- They're rodents!
All hope seems lost then- POOF. A puff of purple smoke envelopes the witches and fades to reveal Rowena.
“A single please.” Cas answers.
For a motel that’s been out of commission the last few years, it’s not really in that bad a shape. The view out the window is kind of beautiful, a couple of miles off the interstate, hidden amongst the forest and mountains. For a roadside motel it’s strangely peaceful.
Jack pours himself a big bowl of Krunch Cookie Crunch cereal and joins the breakfast table.
Sam and Dean exchange a glance but are saved by a second opening of the door.
The only seat at the table is next to John so Cas just hovers.
(still half asleep)
He looks him in the eyes.
John nods at Minnie. His own name is about as much as he can contribute to the conversation because everything else is a little bit much for him right at the moment.
What the hell was he doing? He’d been so shitty to her all day. Wasn’t he glad that, despite being stuck in Australia, she was here with him? He stared at the floor tiles of the shop. Surely this was better than third wheeling Cas and Dean? Did he not want her here?
“Sam’s busy with Eileen working on getting the bunker sorted, it’s not like he needs to know where we are at all times.”
Sam and Dean turned to face them.
“Absolutely not.”
“Was it you then?”
If I don't go back this future doesn't happen.
Sam drops it with an eyeroll.
I was thinking we could have burgers. You know, have one family meal together.
The reminder sends a bolt of nausea? -jealousy? -fear? -something, through Dean’s stomach. That’s right, pretending to be married.
No I know. It's good, it really is I mean what you're doing with the Apocalypse world people, linking up hunters it's- it's good work man.
(defeated)
Yeah.
Yes, they are.
Cas turns to Dean across the room.
“Okay what?”
Mary curls into herself. Monsters she can deal with, but this....
-I am sorry I won't be able to make the family dinner party tonight. It'll be such a treat don't you think? Dinner and a show!
There's a SQUEAK then-
Cas is stiff as a board as he takes a bite of his burger and-
“Great.”
his mind seemed to say,
Can do.
Cas goes to deepen the kiss and Dean pulls away.
“I think they’re raspberry?” Cas replied as he squinted at the ingredients list.
I promise I'm not gonna kick you out again. This is your home now.
(beat)
Dean absentmindedly rubs circles into the fabric of the Cas’s own cardigan. He’s wearing it paired with a polo shirt curtesy of Charlie’s “costume design”. It’s not a good look but as Charlie put it, the goal was for them to look “unintimidating”. Cas is still giving Larry his customary stare which looks like he’s (and up until recently actually was) staring into your very soul, so Dean’s not sure if the polo and cardigan completely offset that.
He doesn’t fall, just finds himself on the ground. His back against the wall and head raised to the sky. The heavens shine above him, stars in their multitudes glitter above.
“Eyes on the road Sammy!”
Under the table, Dean quietly takes Cas's hand. Cas freezes.
He comes back with the popcorn and sits back down next to Cas.
They settled back into silence.
They continue to work in companionable silence as John watches from the door.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - KITCHEN - DAY
“I was in Nebraska. And now I’m not. Did-”
We'll just tell him they're... hunter friends. It'll be fine-
“Fucking bullshit.” Dean muttered.
“Did you have any other questions? About the building? About the business?”
“Fine.” Eileen interrupted Cas’s translation as she turned her phone off and put it back in her pocket.
I... I should never have... I know it's my fault that you weren't prepared for this. And I wish that I had done something to make it easier for you or that the divine plan had been kinder to our family but- I wish you'd been kinder to our sons.
Cas is sitting on the bed opposite him, head tilted.
Dean grimaces.
Heaven is not the best place for him.
Mary approaches him from the shadows.
Well, we may have to use a guinea pig first.
“Jack!” Cas stepped onto the dirt road calling out to the sky, “Jack come back!”
“Is that…pineapple?” he examined the burger more closely. It was leaking purple. “Cas, why is it purple?”
“I’m so sorry, you’re just not wearing your wedding ring and I thought-” Larry continues.
Know?
Hands stop over something. A LIGHT SWITCH.
What about sending him back? Is there a spell or can Castiel-
“There may be an issue with getting back into the US.” Cas interrupted from the bed where he was perched next to Eileen, their fake passports spread out in front of her.
and Dean...
They break apart but not far. Dean can feel the ghosts of Cas’s smile against his lips and his breath on his cheek.
(to Sam)
Mia laughed awkwardly, “Ignore Kit. He’s just on a juice cleanse. He gets all weird when he’s hungry.” She laughed some more as if that made the situation less weird.
Or maybe she did? Maybe this is exactly where she deserved to be. Exploring the world.
Behind them Josie stood up, cracking her back, “Alrighty,” she said taking a glance at her watch, “let’s get you back so John can take you to ya car.”
Cas watches him, waiting for him to get his words in order.
“Yeah well I will be avoiding all barns from now on.”
Cas rolled his eyes and threw the frogs into the basket alongside the Party Mix.
(gesturing to Sam's man bun)
They waved their goodbyes and walked back over to the Impala. Dean got in behind the wheel, Sam in shotgun and Cas in the back.
“Anyway, we’re going to head off now…” Mia grabbed Kit by the arm and they legged back to their van.
That's enough, the threshold is crossed. Dean sighs and walks inside, taking a seat across from Cas.
(on Cas)
(ignoring her)
Both of you.
John looks like he might almost be close to tears. He looks across to Mary whose eyes are also wet.
That's not-
You don't wanna put milk in that?
Jack puts his spoon down, trying to work out what he's done wrong.
(taken aback)
So, Sam, is your girl Eileen here most of the time?
“I’m sorry, you shouldn’t be here.”
His nametag says Larry. His complexion says he doesn’t get out much. His belly says he drinks too much beer.
“Is that a good car?” Cas whispered, leaning over to Dean.
So, you didn't love me?
Sam and I believe that Jack accidentally brought your father back from the past because he wanted to meet him.
thinking about it, “And this place has its own house attached. Maybe it could be good for Sam’s little thing too. I mean a place for hunters to stay without worrying that housekeeping’s going to find their weird shit and think they’re part of some cult or a serial killer or whatever.”
Suddenly it clicks for Jack.
They ate dinner at the attached hotel pub. Thankfully, the food was relatively normal and the hotel owners seemed to have no interest in finding out every detail of their lives.
Sam and Dean exchange a glance. This is going to be a long day.
And you were being so helpful? If you're this family's guardian angel or whatever then were the hell were you!? You could have stepped in and stopped this family from falling apart! Why did every angel or whoever decide to leave it to us to suffer?
It takes almost a year to get the motel up and operating. The first weeks pass by in a blur and at least five small things seem to go wrong for every big thing that goes right. It’s stressful and there’s a few moments where Dean finds himself stopping and wondering what the hell he was thinking giving up hunting and a life he understands to pursue owning a fucking business. But then a hunter named Anya turns up, so grateful to find somewhere to break a curse and clean her guns without being questioned. Then the old couple on their road trip across America who grill Cas on every recommendation he has for places to see. Soon there’s a young family whose kids adore Miracle and before they leave the little boy gives Dean a crudely drawn artwork of Miracle chasing a squirrel and it was sweet and unprompted and the mother wishes him and his “husband” well before they leave. These are human connections Dean hasn’t really ever experienced and this life is nice in a way life never was before.
As it turned out, the Stonehenge they were headed to was nothing like the one in England. Generously called a town, it was more a few buildings clustered around two streets in the middle of nowhere. Population: 30, the hotel was also the pub and the main tourist attraction was “The Address Book” – a dry paddock a few miles out of town where visitors could arrange rocks to spell their names in the dirt so they could feel like they’d left some sort of mark on the uncaring landscape. These strange English backpackers’ rock obsession was clearly getting out of control.
Dean thinks.
“Ok, I’ll just be down by the reception.” Bronte heads back outside.
INTRUDER'S POV: CONTINUOUS
(beat)
Dean huffed a laugh, “Yeah I know.”
Jack beams.
I spent so long blaming my dad for leaving me but... I'm glad he did it. For you boys to have this. It's...
Well it's really nice to meet you. Your sons are very good people.
“Driving wheel’s on the
Cas doesn't get a chance to respond before Dean is kissing him again.
“Well…”
Cas shakes his head, “I just want this.”
They pause.
Cas nods. He kisses Dean softly on the forehead and leaves.
(shakes his head)
Sam watches him leave. The morning sun is warm and he smiles. This is
He can see Cas sitting across the diner in their booth because he’s still not fancy enough to go to a proper restaurant even for what is apparently kind of their wedding anniversary.
How had this happened? How did his emotionally constipated brother end up with a healthier romantic relationship with his male ex-angel best friend than Sam could keep with Eileen?
(weirdly hostile)
I'm sorry if I saw missing hearts and didn't immediately think Ancient Egyptian hippo-crocodile god.
“I need to take a break.”
EXT. BEACH CLIFFS. NIGHT.
Dean's eyes drift to a box under the desk, marked with the Men of Letters insignia.
Silence.
“No. Sam, Dean, Cas, this was my mistake. It doesn’t fall on you to fix it. Here,” Jack stepped forward, four document folders appearing in his hands, “these are your passports, birth certificates, medicare cards, Mykis, Opals, SmartRiders-“
I don't know.
They already know all of them of course, read all the accounts of the deaths in the local news and the police files classifying them all as tragic accidents and suicides. It’s sounding like it’s probably just a ghost or potentially a few of them. They’ll be out of here within a week if not sooner.
Dean doesn't answer for a moment, then-
“Yes, but we can’t prove that. And…” Eileen glanced a look at Cas, “Jack’s given us enough so no one will question us being here. But if he really doesn’t want us to leave then I don’t think our identities are secure enough to get us back into America.”
The three of them looked up to where Cas had knocked over a Funko Pop Sam.
Turned out those "werewolves" were actually some particularly creative witches.
The kitchen door OPENS.
Sam and Cas sit on the bed.
Sam don't...
After Sam’s insistence that they leave first thing in the morning, they’d decided to at least get some food for the road. One look at the unfamiliar brands and Sam had loaded the basket with a few bottles of water, apples and bananas and was ready to call it a day.
“Maybe it was Eileen?”
“Saw it on TripAdvisor. Apparently, this barn’s a top tourist attraction.” Dean replies with a crooked but mirthless grin.
-She's Satan?
“We had a grizzly bear crash the reception.” Cas adds.
(beat)
“Noash fukind matr-“
And Cas. Cas, who is sat struggling with an Allen key as he puts together the furniture for one of the motel rooms. They haven’t been anywhere today and they’re not going anywhere but he’s wearing his ring on his fourth finger like he does almost every day now.
“Ok.”
K I'm three.
Cas tilts his head, unconvinced.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - WAR ROOM - DAY
(not looking up)
Then Cas taps two fingers on John's temple. Jack's eyes squeeze shut and-
That's what you meant when you said you had a
John pauses still looking at Mary.
“No. Why would I- I’m just saying that I don’t fully trust he’s not going to accidentally kill us-”
Sam frowned, “You do know it’s like a thirty-hour flight back home?”
You boys really live here?
Do you think he would be happy that Sam and Dean are still hunting?
MINNIE
He’s spent the better part of the last year wishing for nothing more than a chance to stop Chuck once and for all and now he almost wishes they hadn’t. Almost wishes that Chuck or Michael or Lucifer or just some damn bad guy would poke their head up and make his life miserable again. At least give him something he can fight. Some goal to work towards. Something he can defeat.
He parks Baby behind the barn, in the same spot he had twelve years prior and enters reverently like a parishioner to a church. There’s no need for a torch as the moonlight finds its way through the holes in the roof to bathe the floor in a cool blue light.
Also, I lost Lizzie.
(trying to work out who this is)
Thanks to everyone who's come along for the ride. Sorry no one actually got to punch John in the end but I think they're doing just fine without him.
Dean wandered over to where Cas stood beside Sam and Becky.
(quietly)
“So was that-”
They take what's become their usual booth at the back of the room.
Then, resolute, they put it down and grab a shotgun off the wall.
Cas looks strangely at Dean.
Cas and Dean had spotted the kangaroo and seemed to be going through the same realisation.
your hair looks stupid.
more places.” she concluded.
“I love you too Cas.”
The highway whips past outside the windows.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
And no one told me!
Josie, their driver and guide, was perched on a small boulder by the lookout. A cigarette dangling between her fingers as she gave Cas a rundown on the local birdlife. She’d stopped the car what already felt like hours ago declaring it ‘smoko’ and kicking them all out to look at the ‘view’.
I'm sorry Cas, we'll find a way to fix it now we've got you out we can...
(trying to rationalise)
Castiel stops, his head tilting.
Had to give a shout out to those random kids from the actual Lebanon episode....
“I’ll do a couple of hours in the morning.”
They saw the ghost. They saw what we did to it.
“Mrsuas slefks.” Dean replies.
“That would be great.” Sam agreed.
For now.
probably didn’t want to be here.
Cas told you.
Dean arrived back from the bathroom before Sam could ask what she’d meant.
Cas gives him a look.
“Well, this place is definitely haunted.”
SAM (CONT'D)
Cas pulls Jack out of the room before things become truely awkward, glancing at Dean as they exit.
I mean it's not, we're not... it's kind of a new thing.
(See the end of the chapter for
What?
“Sorry? I don’t understand.” He signed.
. And, I wouldn't change it either.
Somehow the risk always seems to be to other people though doesn't it?
Sam and Dean enter the diner. HARRY at the counter raises a hand in greeting as they walk in. Dean smiles and waves back.
“Ok great, I’ll get onto researching. Oh wait, all our stuff is in the Bunker, in America, where we can’t go.”
Dean places his coffee on the bench and walks over to open it. They’re not expecting visitors. Bronte the real estate agent had visited the day before to see how they’d gone moving in and to announce her imminent retirement to the Bahamas. But apart from her no one else has been very keen to visit them unannounced.
He hadn’t even spoken to Dean about it. Not a single conversation. Was he allowed to mention it? Acknowledge it? Or were they just going to go the rest of their lives with this as a quiet unspoken knowledge between them?
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - KITCHEN - DAY
you going to keep hunting, or…?”
She looks back over to where Billy has suddenly sequestered Jack and is quietly pointing out his favourite parts of the monument. Jack listens with honest enthusiasm.
A moment later the phone buzzed again, a small smile tugged at his face as he texted something back.
“Oh.”
“You’re definitely not getting that through customs.” Eileen joked.
“What?” Sam asked, kind of guilty.
“Haunted?” Cas says in a completely monotone voice.
EXT. PATIENCE'S GRADUATION. DAY.
Becky shrugged, taking her laptop back from Sam as his face twitched uncomfortably. “Who did I even marry? Like, it wasn’t even Eileen?”
“But he’s God so…. They might be real? He could be making them real.”
The hell is going on here?
Mary looks to Sam and Dean.
INT. BUNKER - CORRIDOR. DAY.
John is passing the kitchen when he hears the voices.
Dean muttered something darkly from the passenger seat that nobody heard.
When he was little, and for a good time after that, he’d dreamt of that too. The mythic John and Mary’s white picket fence, American Dream, marriage and the nice house in the suburbs. He has enough experience and history now to know it was never quite as perfect as John had tried to convince himself. Still, marriage had been something to aspire to. Marriage meant you’d done life the good and proper way, you’d conquered all your demons -it was the happily ever after with everyone in their proper place.
You told him.
It’s clearly not quite the response Larry was after. He hands them the keys to their room and he stares at them sceptically as they leave.
He worked it out. Mum did too.
Eileen just stared. Evidently she had not been able to understand Jen at all.
Dean looks towards the ground, an honest smile overtaking his face. It grows, quietly radiating a pure honest joy.
Eileen opened her mouth, closed it and took a deep breath. “Well, if I hadn’t been brought along, would I ever have seen any of the things we saw this morning?” she tried for a lighter tone.
Here y'all are. Buddha Bowl for Mr. Healthy and two burgers with extra fries on the house.
(signing)
MINNIE
Sam turned the key and the car started. More muttering from Dean. Sam put the car into drive and pulled out onto the road leaving Johnny, Jen, Josie and Stonehenge in the rear-view mirror.
He's nephilim so he... aged differently.
(aggressive)
In the backseat, Cas translated Sam for Eileen.
Time for a nap already?
(confidently)
“Oh ok, that’d- that’d be great.” Sam said, taking a second to translate her broad accent.
is there a guinea pig?
Uh, yeah. We did all the tests. He's clean. He doesn't know-
“We should watch it.”
“You used a haunting to get a hold of cheap real estate?”
I just wanted-
But those two had also been gone pretty much the entire time since Cas had gotten back.
She winks at Dean.
Dean tenses, “What do you mean saw? Jack-”
Dean pushes off the wall and heads off towards the library in search of Cas.
So how did you meet Sam and Dean?
Cas doesn’t respond but he doesn’t have to. Dean already knows it’s a yes.
Nice was the word for people around here it seemed. Nosy was another. The hotel owners – Josie and Johnny – seemed more interested in getting their whole life stories rather than letting them book a room.
Mary's quiet voice breaks through the tension.
His head felt fuzzy.
So you told them everything?
I do have a family.
to waste on this…
Cas falls quiet. The night air lies stale and still between them. Dean almost wishes it was storming but all is quiet.
SAM, back from his morning run, makes a beeline for a glass of water.
Really?! Why not?!
. Cas who, just over a month ago, he’d thought was gone forever. Dean still couldn’t quite wrap his mind around the fact that Cas was here and he wasn’t going anywhere. They were on the other side of the planet and Cas was still choosing to stick with him.
worthy sandwich teeters dangerously on the plate.
(cutting in)
“The whole country!?”
“Nah yeah that’d be great.” Jen hefted the box into her arms, “You think you could give these guys a lift out? They’re gonna come look at the Commodore.”
“This is bullshit.”
“What about the ghosts?”
Dean casts a cursory glance through the door. This isn't the first room he's checked.
Just us.
Morning.
(eyes narrowing)
INTRUDER'S POV: CONTINUOUS
Right. So he just snaps me back when he feels like it?
Great, I'll go make sure Cas got the buns.
Do you think the real Stonehenge is as weird as this one?
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - WAR ROOM - DAY
Right. Of course you don't.
Sam won’t like it. He’ll be mad in the morning but he’ll be over it soon enough.
Right.
“You said you had a car you’re tryna get rid of didn’t ya Jen?”
JOHN (CONT'D)
Dean looked over at Sam.
“Well,” Dean removes his arm from around Cas, “that does sound scary.”
Cas stares at him.
“Do you have any photos?” Gretel ventures.
Almost forgot to post this cos I got so distracted by the whole Misha con thing. Anyway it's 11.15am in the morning and it's already been one hell of a day.
Dean appears.
(quietly)
EXT. BEACH CLIFFS. NIGHT.
I didn't know what to say.
The woman exchanged a look with the driver of the van – a young hippie-looking man with matching dreads and a rainbow tie-dye shirt. He turned to them with a suspicious look, “How’d you all wind up out in the sticks?”
Right.
Sam's phone RINGS. He pulls it out and answers.
Cas smiles.
Jack nods.
They’d decided they would stop for a break at a town called Blackall. The town could boast a whole thousand residents, so promised to be at least a little less small town intense than Stonehenge.
“My little brother tried to fight it off.”
It’s a small gesture, an acknowledgement of this fake little marriage of theirs. But there’s something about it being fake that’s currently making Dean feel even warmer than he ever thought he could. Because it’s not real, there were no vows or promises. Every day it’s a choice and every day Cas seems to wake up and make that choice and it’s still kind of hard to believe but it’s comforting to see the proof there on his finger.
It’s all going swimmingly.
He stops, outside the kitchen. He can just see Dean and Jack, their backs turned to him.
I don't know... for the first time in my life there's just- no rules, no expectations, no Chuck, no apocalypse waiting to happen. It's kinda awesome.
EXT. GRAVEYARD. NIGHT.
See you again next Sunday for a delicious family dinner!
Missing Sam by seconds, the intruder opens the door and treads silently down the hallway.
(happily)
And she's back like me?
(guilty)
Grief’s a raw nerve ending. But it can’t last forever. He knows that. It’s not the first time he’s grieved. Not the first time he’s filled his days with drinking and nights with numbness.
“No.”
EXT. LEBANON - STREET - DAY
“They’re trying to close. We’ve got enough stuff.” It came out snappier than he’d meant it.
INT. BUNKER. DAY.
Why are you here?
(signing)
“I know.” Dean replies back, a little snappy.
Well no, I mean I don't know
And he's back? Like me?
She pulls her hand away.
Then to Cas, who strangely looks more emotional than angry.
Minnie grins, takes their menus and flits off.
Dean shuts the door with a bang cutting Larry off mid farewell.
Who's Rowena?
Claire looks over at Kaia who grins and shrugs, why not?
The purpose of the real Stonehenge is certainly less baffling.
ROWENA
They stand and watch each other like they're not sure if this is a touching moment or a stand off.
“Is that a sheep skull?” Eileen asked.
Yeah I don't know... I think I'm just, fine on my own.
They don’t wear the rings if they’re alone. Mostly because the cheap nickel stains Cas’s finger after a few hours and it still feels like a costume. Just another cover story like the FBI badges that have sat unused in the Impala’s glovebox for months now.
he thought.
We were not 'buddies' then. But Dean and Sam have taught me many important things. We have since grown... closer.
What about you Dean? You got some hunter girl too?
John.
John turns to Sam and Dean.
Dean hesitated, “I have no idea.” He confessed.
Hunting was never the world he wanted but I think... he's at peace now. And he's good with it. I don't know if Sam told you but he's been co-ordinating a lot of hunters and I think it makes him happy. Having people relying on him, helping them.
JOHN (CONT'D)
She lives here?
Glad to see you've kept her in such good condition.
“I love you.”
“Well I’ll see youse tomorrow. See ya round Josie!”
They rounded the corner to find Eileen standing beside a slightly frazzled looking ex-angel of the lord.
“Who was that?”
A silhouette against the closed barn doors. No sparks rain down. Permanently messy black hair and rumpled tan trench coat and skewwhiff blue tie illuminated by the pale moonlight.
But before there’d always been other things to distract him. After Sam there’d been Lisa and Ben, Sam and Jack after Cas and then Chuck and the end of the goddamn world after Mary.
John turns back to Mary. He starts to make his way down the stairs. He stares at Mary like she's an angel- like the ones he still believes in, not the shitty ones from real life.
“Ok.”
“What do you mean I ‘shouldn’t be here’?”
Dean closed the boot of the Impala with a soft thud. Becky had given each of them one of her dioramas she sold on Etsy. It was always a bit weird being reminded that their life was a story that some people liked to collect stuff from for fun but he had to admit the miniature scale replica of Baby she’d given him was awesome.
Dean looks across the table at his brother.
Heya Minnie, I'll take a Harry's Classic and I'm sure Sammy will take your rabbit salad.
I'm bleeding.
Dean nodded, it appeared they’d agreed to take a break. Maybe if they waited till the sun set being here might become bearable.
Cas looked at Dean. There was real concern in his eyes but also a look that plainly said
“What can I do you for fellas?” he asks as they walk through the door.
“It’d be nice to think Jack is doing that with heaven though.” Sam said, “You know, rebuilding things, making it actually good.”
...John, it's ok that there were other women. I don't... I was dead. I'm honestly happy there were.
He feels a hand on his sleeve. Cas reaching out to him. He turns back to him and suddenly finds himself in a bone crushing hug.
“Yeah course.”
“Well, if you’ve got some spare time, might as well show you round the sights!” Josie piped up from behind the counter.
Cas is staring at him. Cas is so close. Cas said he loved him.
John's eyes narrow. Mary still won't look at him.
ROWENA
You didn't tell him...?
I'm going to call Rowena, see if she knows anything.
Cas turns back to the dishes.
(upset)
Two hours later, Dean’s good mood had disappeared, Johnny was fixing a lawn mower, Cas was halfway through a book on the geology of Western Queensland, Eileen was asleep, and Sam was stressing.
MAX, STACY and ELLIOT walk past. They acknowledge the brothers with a wave as they go by.
Cas enters.
Why are you sorry?
Cas moves his hand like he’s going to do something with it but it’s still filled with popcorn. He looks at it for a moment. Dean pushes the bowl towards him and he puts the popcorn back in.
He just went to bed. He kept asking if you hated John and why everyone always said he was such a good guy but you seemed so angry with him.
The Kombi van ground to a halt in front of them, obviously surprised to see another living thing in the barren hellscape.
Well, we live here. And Dean comes here a lot-
“Dean.”
(looking up to Sam)
“Probably musk, like the deer secretions.” Cas replied.
No, Dean’s lucky in ways no other human will ever understand. He thinks back to all his years alone. All his years with Sam. All his years dancing around the things he felt around Cas. He’s the luckiest bastard alive.
