He drizzled a thin line of gel down Sherlock's sternum, kissing away the smirk until Sherlock was relaxed beneath him again. John ran a hand through the lube, rubbing his thumb against his fingers as his knuckles trailed downward. Sherlock shifted, a twinge of impatience creasing his features; it vanished when John wrapped his slick hand around his husband's erection.
John took his time, wondering where Sherlock had stashed himself. The roof was flat but not built for use, and it was a general mess of pipes that had to ventilate out of the top of the building, the chimneys from the three flats and probably various pigeons. In fact, a pigeon sat on the parapet, eyeing John in its mad little bird way, and refused to fly away when he got close. City birds, too used to humans.
He sighed again, his attention drifting away. A frown and a wince creased his features and he stiffened before visibly forcing himself to relax.
"What?" Sherlock demanded, raising said head to meet John's gaze with a sharp glare.
"Nor am I giving in," his partner commented, taking long drag on his cigarette. John pursed his lips, withholding an observation about this being more about Mycroft than Magnussen – that might be right, but Sherlock's reaction at his brother's flat proved it wasn't only that.
"Guessing?" Hassard asked.
"Just caught some kid trying to spray paint your wall," she said in lieu of greeting. "Well, I say caught. We'll pay for the cleaning though."
"A bribe," Sherlock said and John's eyes moved back to him.
"It's barely been an hour," Harry sighed.
"Useless," he said.
Sherlock gave him a long, slow stare, as if trying to work out whether John was joking.
"I'm certain you are," Sherlock replied, keeping his voice level. "In this case, there were no details to overlook."
"All right," John relented. It wasn't worth pushing the point, not yet. And Sherlock had had a long day. Part of John wanted to take him back to Baker Street immediately, where he had some control over who came and went – but that meant putting Sherlock back in his work environment and John had no desire to find out what kind of disaster the detective might cause with volatile chemicals and memory problems.
Now it was over, and they were huddled in the cold winter rain, watching as William's coffin was lowered into a plot next to Sibyl's. Sherlock disliked this, too – the need for burial seemed like a waste of space and resources, and he knew full well what sort of chemicals were pumped into a body for embalming. He reminded himself to tell John, later, that he was opting for cremation after his organs had been donated. Probably best save that for a while, though, because John would be sensitive about that topic right now.
"Uncles are brothers of mothers and fathers," Josephine said, her voice sounding small. "We learned it in school."
But arrogance was dangerous here; speed and assumptions could kill. Maybe not him, but Georges.
He hoped so.
"No, St. Mary's first. I need to speak to William McKinney. He's still there."
"You assume I stayed?" Irene enquired, lifting an eyebrow.
"I will," John promised – he meant it, but in part just to satisfy the detective. Sherlock was beginning to have that look about him that indicated he'd be serious about enforcing rest. Usually when John was directed to spend time in bed it was for very different reasons, but Sherlock wasn't above getting him back for all the rest John had imposed on him when he'd had his own concussions two years ago.
interesting," Sherlock said.
The Personal Blog of
"Mycroft certainly thought so. He despised being forced to watch me while my parents were out. In large part because I always managed to elude him."
"Why not?"
He paused and paced away a few steps, holding his phone between his palms and pressing his thumbs against his lips. Then he stood still for a long moment before turning back, his grey eyes brighter than John had seen in a week.
"Here we go," Sherlock said. "Shall we?"
Sherlock sighed inwardly.
“Your inability to observe never ceases to amaze me,” Sherlock said, and John kept a comment to himself about his skill at observing his partner’s moods. “The screen’s fine.”
John kissed him, softly, fingertips tracing along Sherlock's jaw, the touch making him shiver enough that John moved his hand up, lacing his fingers into Sherlock's hair, thumb massaging his temple. He pulled away, kissed Sherlock lightly again, then smiled, brown eyes warm and sated. Sherlock raised a shaky hand, tracing John's ear, watching his partner's smile grow.
"You're eating at least two plates tonight," John said in a voice that brooked no argument. Sherlock nodded obediently and John paused. He ordering Sherlock about like a little child and Sherlock was listening.
"Do better than that!" John snarled, pushing himself to standing, leaning over Mycroft, who pulled back slightly in surprise. "Because the
John tugged absently on the sleeves of his dress shirt and stared at the door to his own flat before taking a deep breath. He'd been to war in Afghanistan twice. He'd faced down armed men on a regular basis and had survived. He could do this. Somehow, Afghanistan seemed almost preferable.
Sherlock's nostrils flared but John didn't miss the way his partner's pupils dilated slightly. He leaned down, brushing his lips over Sherlock's, contact that was barely there; Sherlock pursed his lips, annoyed, when John pulled away. He squared his shoulders as best he could with the cuffs and John swallowed a grin – of course he'd see this as a challenge not to react.
John's eyes flickered to Donovan, who sighed, looking as if she wished John weren't there. He repressed a sigh of his own; she still wasn't happy with him visiting – probably less so after he'd told her constable about finding Liam's name from the waitress at the Yellow Rose. She hadn't chewed him out yet, but he suspected it was only because she hadn't caught him alone yet.
He did not want to do this. It would be unpleasant for both of them and emotionally cumbersome. He felt he had more than his allotted share of that for the year, first with his mother's death then with the McKinney case that had nearly cost him both his marriage and his brother. He would have preferred that Sam not remember the incident until a more convenient time. He changed his mind on this; he would prefer that Sam not remember it at all. Sherlock firmly believed Sam already recalled far more than necessary. It displeased him that his friend's mind was able to sabotage him in this manner. This was an inappropriate way for a body to behave, as if its involuntary reactions should have so much control. It was tedious and baffling how often physiological responses could not be prevented.
"Sure, I know," Singer replied, glancing between the three of them as if confused. "It used to lead down to some old service tunnels that ran under the buildings in this area."
"I've work to do," Sherlock said coldly. John shot her a
"No, ma'am, but attacked. He walked in of his own accord, but they don't know from where. No memories of what happened to him – no memories at all, actually. No ID, of course. The doc said head trauma so they're not surprised by the amnesia."
Sandra flicked her flour-covered fingers at him. Sam coughed as he inhaled the fine powder and pulled away, laughing. Sandra slipped out his grasp and turned around, waving the small bottle she'd been holding in her left hand threateningly at him.
"Good night. Try and get some sleep."
Still, delaying wasn't the same as abandoning, and Gabriel fiddled with his phone absently. There was something he'd been needing to look into anyway but hadn't gotten around to since he'd returned from holiday.
"No you bloody won't!" John shot back. "Jesus, Mycroft, what the hell is your problem? I thought you were supposed to be the smart one! You're not shy about reminding us all of that, but what the
"What do you mean?" he asked.
, he realized suddenly,
work. Most likely.
"It's okay," he murmured, his own voice thick, not entirely steady. "It's all right. Relax." Sherlock nodded, breathing out slowly; John had to close his eyes against the sight of his husband's straining erection, the way his hips were taking on a slow cant in time with John's motions.
It was simple enough to load those off onto Gabriel when the younger man was here, but an ocean away and on
"Whatever money she may have kept giving them, they never used the gallery again," Morgan continued. "We didn't just lose a good sergeant when Healy died, we lost a lot of information."
With a sigh, Molly put the scalpel down and removed her mask.
"I rather think I was strongly hinting at it."
He wasn't about to sink his own ship, and neither were any of his people.
it. I did ask. She said yes. And," he added indignantly, "My equipment does not count as 'toys'. It is expensive and delicate and, in the wrong hands, could cause considerable damage."
"Let me check with Sandra, but it should be fine," he replied, shooting John a wicked grin. "I'll let you know."
"Has it?"
Fingers laced into Sherlock's hair, tracing downward until John could run his thumb along Sherlock's jaw. Sherlock parted his lips obediently, and John eased himself in, setting a shallow pace. The hand in Sherlock's hair kept him still, and he could feel John holding himself back, almost losing control when Sherlock made use of his tongue.
A small sound in the corridor made him look up and Sandra was standing in the doorway a moment later, blinking sleep from her features, watching him with concern. He tried to give her a smile but the expression felt tight and his muscles felt tired. She crouched in front of him, searching his face, resting her hands very lightly on his knees. Sam moved his own hands to cover hers.
," he added forcefully. "I know. Listen, John loves you. He loves
She pulled away abruptly and took his face in her hands, her blue eyes searching for something.
"What? You've thought about that?"
"I know, sweetheart. I know."
The Woman laughed, almost as if she meant it.
"Yeah, he's kind of scared of you."
"The law is the law, Doctor Watson. If we all conveniently ignore it unless it suits our purposes, then what? If a criminal helps us, does it make him a good man?"
"You're going to lecture me–" he spat, but John's voice speaking his name, surgeon's hands held up, palms out, appealing for calm.
Which was why the man who gazed back at him was composed and unconcerned, reflecting none of the anger and the fear over what Sherlock had accidentally done to himself the day before, nor the annoyance that he had to confront that stupidity today. It was also why he put on a smile – a genuine one – when Sandra slipped into the bathroom as he was fastening his cufflinks.
John was coming.
Gabriel raked his hands through his hair – they were shaking, Sherlock noticed. The barely restrained rage was obvious, but it was also easier than the terror it covered.
Sherlock said nothing to that, but passed his cup back to John and shuffled down under the blankets, deliberately closing his eyes. John sighed, put the cups aside, and leaned over to press a light kiss against the exposed skin of his partner's forehead. Sherlock tensed briefly but didn't pull away, and John let him go, padding back to his own narrow bed in the hopes of finding a bit more sleep.
He began again.
"Shit," he sighed, catching Lestrade's attention. The DI followed John's gaze, noting the same thing, and pushed himself up. John swallowed on a comment that Lestrade shouldn't bother trying to go after her, and refocused, helping the paramedics shift Sherlock onto a stretcher.
“There are people,” Sherlock replied dryly. “And trees.”
"Did you tell yourself that?" Sherlock interrupted. John nodded quickly; he had – over and over and over until it had stuck in a loop in his mind, trying to quell the fear that had only grown stronger with each step.
Perhaps both.
Little did anyone know.
"This is important, Sherlock."
pressure point. They both are, in fact. For each other."
There was a thank you, an awkward handshake (which John always found annoying), and a rush of relief when he was able to close the front door behind the soon-to-be disappointed prospective tenant. He lingered near the door, half wondering if he was listening for the young man to walk away, half lulled by the sound of traffic from the street outside. Something in the atmosphere had lifted, and he hated that it felt like this every time he saw someone out, knowing full well that Sherlock had found a reason (or reasons) for denying them the ground floor flat.
"They might not have found anything, but I did," he said. Doe stared at him, good eye widening somewhat.
Sherlock had never seen that look of sad disappointment on his husband's face before. Never that piercing. Never that hurt.
He indulged in a long shower and wrapped himself in his favourite pyjamas and dressing gown before settling down in his office to continue working. Sleep was elusive but for the normal reason; he simply didn't need it.
. Just there. Teasing. Caught. Gone. Caught again.
"Seems like a good bet," Lestrade replied. "She cut him free, gave him a flashlight, told him how to get out and where to find Sherlock."
"How is he?" Mycroft asked.
It would have been easier if John had been able to tuck the actual map away in his coat pocket – but surrounded by a police officers, that would have been a tricky task at the best of times, not to mention the map's size or how he was hindered by his injured arm. He'd taken pictures, though, and plugged his phone into his laptop, letting them see the photographs more clearly.
"Be nice," John murmured under his breath. "It's a sign of respect."
"Someone did try to murder his brother," John pointed out.
“There is only one other person who knows me well enough to deduce my decisions with that much accuracy, and he is in this room with me,” Sherlock replied curtly.
"Gorgeous," he murmured, lips moving against Sherlock's skin, feeling the moan as much as he heard it. Every nerve in his body was screaming, the tightness in his groin accentuated by having made Sherlock hard again so soon. John pulled his hands away, fumbling with the lube, coating himself hurriedly and tracing more around Sherlock's entrance.
"Oh, he's real enough," Lestrade said.
He fidgeted, tugging at his cuffs and trousers, actually twiddling his thumbs, vainly wondering how to make inane small talk with John if only to pass the time, but not succeeding in puzzling it out. Hassard's return was a relief, and John finally let Sherlock up when she beckoned them to join her.
It was sugar.
"I need to go out for awhile," he said.
She raised an eyebrow again, an entirely inappropriate gleam of humour in her eyes.
The metals of his wedding ring were warm against his skin, shining gold and bronze. It had been almost a month since they'd been cleaned, he thought, staring at the long-familiar band. Sherlock still cleaned them once a month. John had done it in June after Sibyl had died. It had been almost heartbreaking to see Sherlock realizing he'd forgotten about it in the wake of his mother's death. John had polished both rings lovingly and returned Sherlock's to his finger, smiling at the fact that it slid on as easily as it had the day they'd been married.
Sherlock remembered – or his body did – and he went through the motions: mugs, tea bags, sugar, spoons, milk from the fridge.
He was surprised by the question, by the fact that his aunt was asking it, and asking it so bluntly. He held her gaze, the silence stretching between them for a moment, John standing beside him, that familiar warm presence, somewhat confused by the enquiry but always there, always steadfast and loyal.
"Oh. Is that odd?"
John looked slightly surprised by the admission but Sherlock ignored him; there was too much at stake for pretences, and what he didn't know yet, he would learn.
John swallowed against the apprehension that she might not come back at all – she'd saved their lives once before and had come with him to find Sherlock despite having no obligation to do so.
She winked at him.
her."
John grinned.
"What's the matter?" John asked, shifting closer to her on the couch.
“We could,” Sherlock agreed.
memories. All of those experiences which built him, they're not there right now. They may come back – but even if they all do, there's no guarantee that he will view them the same way he used to. He is, quite simply, not the same person."
He was certain the man was dead, but checked his assessment carefully nonetheless. He’d seen too many hypothermia victims in his time to write anyone off so easily – not to mention he knew at least two people who were prone to suddenly coming back to life.
"Not a bloody chance!" he snarled. "Sherlock's still in here."
"It might lead that way, but it doesn't connect to Douglas' building."
"I– " John started but Sherlock spoke over him.
"Nothing," he replied.
Doctor's instincts kicked in, frustrated with the rest of him, taking note of the blood on Alexandre's face and hands, along Sherlock's neck and beneath his ears, the laboured shallowness of the detective's breathing, the pallor of his skin.
"I'm your sister. I'm allowed to worry."
And he had a patient he had no intentions of cancelling on, drugged partner or not. Let Sherlock wake up and realize the world didn't revolve around him.
"You don't–" John said, cutting himself off when Sherlock's words caught up with him. "What?"
"So?" he said. "Your patient was fine, right? You didn't know the cop who died. You're out of the traffic jam anyway. I'll talk to you when you get home from work."
"And when she says that, you know she means it," Sherlock added. John rolled his eyes at his partner, lips tugging into a smile.
"And he probably wants to be able to treat you like he normally would," John pointed out. "If you miss it, then he does, too."
"He gave me a list."
to me. Whatever idiot schemes you come up with, you bloody well
, John thought. Sherlock, at least, could make his own tea or coffee – quite expertly, too – and John had to admit that his partner was rather proficient in the kitchen when he got it in his head to be.
“I still should have warned you,” John said. “I needed something to do. I’ll put the bags back in her flat.”
He hated the fact that he couldn't do it, make that small yet immense gesture – the inability was weakness, he knew that even if his own brother would have called it a strength.
"Good night, dear."
He tightened his grip comfortingly around Sherlock's, feeling the twitch as the detective mustered a weak response, eyelashes fluttering as he blinked himself awake. Sherlock was still ghostly pale – save for the dark circles stamped around his eyes – and his gaze was glassy and unfocused.
"Are you sure?" John asked.
"Absolutely not," Sherlock retorted, at the same time as John asked: "Why are you so sure he'd want it?"
“You’d be surprised how useful a medical degree can be. The nervous system isn’t an easy thing to navigate,” he said, and Lestrade huffed a sigh. “The tunnels connect to a bank and two office buildings.”
"I had a blue duvet," he told John once. "And the kitchen window leaked when it rained."
"It's the closest thing we've had to a lead in twelve years."
He spun away, such a military movement, marched across the living room toward the hallway leading to the back of the flat.
Amanda made a sharp gesture and John set his jaw, taking a deep breath and forcing himself to lower his voice.
"Consider this fulfillment of a childhood dream," Mycroft said.
“Mine?” John asked with a laugh.
police officer who was murdered. We don't know why – you're going to say it's because he was discovered but we have no evidence of that. We don't know who did it, we don't know why they did it. And because we don't know, we couldn't risk exposing his identity to anyone. If no one knew who he was, if Patrick Connolly was murdered for some reason other than really being Finn Healy and if we had gone public with that information, everything he'd worked for would have been lost. Do you imagine he was the only undercover officer we had in an IRA group? Not a chance. Anything, any
"Of course, there are some things that one can't develop an immunity to." An arm draped lazily over the back of his chair brought Sherlock's hand close enough to John's shoulder for an index finger to trace small, apparently innocent patterns against John's arm.
His clothes didn't fit, which didn't surprise him. He stood in front of the mirror that hung on the back of their bedroom door and glared at his reflection. He looked like a child trying on his father's clothing.
The city map was simple to understand, of course, but in trying to switch between the familiar, almost cartoonish, aerial view to the diagrams and schematics written in the languages of architects and engineers, the information drained away like water through clenched fingers. Each time he thought he had a starting point, he lost it down the line, leaving him to backtrack until he wasn't sure which way was up.
"Like I said, not for me," he assured Sherlock with a small but heartfelt smile. "Something Bill said on my blog about them getting a dog made me think of it. So I started looking and found this…"
He looked back up to John's small smile.
"For everything. Believe me. Including that little hint of expression that tells me you're regretting your decision to leave the flat."
"Don't be absurd. You don't have any patients for the rest of the day."
"Keep out from underfoot," Sarah warned him. "And leave the diagnosing to us, please. We know what we're about."
He had others.
the reason for that," Sherlock snapped.
"Not happy anymore," she pointed out. "And yes, I do."
Still, the silent warning appeared to be enough for her, and she resumed her brisk, professional efficiency, albeit with slightly less of a sunny disposition. Tea and coffee were expertly made and delivered promptly, enough for two, with Cheryl ensconced in his office.
"And I hardly need someone telling me when to do it," Sherlock snapped, chair scraping predictably across the floor as he pushed himself to his feet.
, things neither he nor Sherlock were willing to give up.
"Mycroft, have you checked the house in Belgravia Square!"
He turned to his chair, which had a note resting on the arm. His laptop was on the seat, a note attached to it as well. John read the one on his computer first:
"I don't– I can't really remember what I was like before. Before all of this happened, five years ago. But before that, too. Before I joined Interpol, before I left and went to France for training then went undercover. It's like– it's like it wasn't real. Not really me."
"I know, I know!" Sherlock hissed. "She's not involved in this! But she told us in the hotel that she recognized the Crooked Man rhyme because she had children and the stories had stayed with her!"
They settled into their seats and buckled in for take off. It was a short flight, but as soon as they were at their cruising altitude, Sherlock unbuckled and then folded himself around John. John smiled as the detective made them comfortable in his seat, tucking pillows around them and covering their legs with a blanket. They adjusted themselves to accommodate the other and then sat in silence for a few minutes until Sherlock nuzzled his neck and then kissed him. John kissed back and they spent some time exploring each other's mouths. The doctor was aware that the flight attendant was making herself scarce and he chuckled at his own embarrassment over acting like a couple of teenagers making out. He felt his ears grow hot but Sherlock didn't seem to care and certainly didn't stop. At least he had the decency to keep his hands to himself – well, mostly to himself. A cabana that could be closed off was one thing. And it
"Fine," John conceded, taking a seat next to his partner, resisting the urge to cover one of Sherlock's knees possessively. His actions would be read loud and clear by everyone – and, he noted, Angela was sitting across from her husband, not beside him. It struck John less as a statement of disagreement and more as strategy to divide and conquer.
"Sofa, your chair, and back ups."
more sense.  Sorry about that!
Sherlock seemed to hear him, because there was a gust of warm breath against his temple, the faint tightening of fingers against his back. John murmured something meaningless, smoothing his hands over Sherlock's skin again, and the detective stilled.
And Georges is personal to Mary, even if he wasn't last week. He's
"Mycroft wouldn't have dropped it off if he didn't think it was important."
By the time the nurse had left and John had drawn the privacy curtain again behind her, Sherlock was fast asleep. With a quiet sigh, John tucked the blankets more carefully around his sleeping partner, trying not to be bothered by the way the black eyes made Sherlock's features look sunken and too thin.
"How can you be sure?" John demanded.
John knew the first case Sherlock took without him – when he couldn't get away from work, no matter what he tried – would make him a bundle of nerves, but he looked forward to it as much as he dreaded it. Sherlock was Sherlock again, flirting with danger and throwing his brilliance in the face of whoever tried to outsmart him, walking away from all of it, triumphant.
Sherlock checked himself in the mirrors of the entryway closet, confirming what he already knew. Irritation reflected back at him; Sherlock smoothed the expression into his typical neutral disdain, tugging on his cuffs to straighten his sleeves unnecessarily.
But she was clever.
"There's Paris," John said.
“Hey, you,” he greeted, leaning up to give Sherlock a kiss. Sherlock could taste the beer – it wasn’t overpowering by any means, and mingled surprisingly well with the sharp aftertaste from the whiskey.
It irritated Sherlock that John so obviously wasn't there; surely, as a doctor, he had a duty to provide medical support?
"Then why is she doing this? What does she want?"
If he had to, he'd burn the building – the whole of London – to the ground to make that happen.
At this, Sherlock clattered down the stairs, overtaking his brother and bypassing the body, giving John an impatient gesture to join them. John stared – apparently any problems between them were forgotten. Then he huffed an irritated sigh at himself. There was a man lying murdered on the floor in front of him and the killer was someone they'd encountered before. He wasn't going to let Sherlock's deception go, but he could deal with the fact that this was not the time nor the place.
Mary had made the same calculation and come to a conclusion with which John would never, ever agree.
John stopped short, as if all the air had been driven from his lungs. He stared at Sherlock, waiting for him to say something else – anything else, to apologise, to even look remorseful, but Sherlock's expression stayed cold, locked, angry. John opened his mouth then closed it again, feeling the hard twist in his heart and stomach.
"I'll get our coats," she replied.
That would have given the panic a stronger hold, make it harder to shake. He had trained himself out of it well during those nine months, but had always known it was never really gone.
can bloody find him and storm in and save the day – and you
"I'm a genius, John. I don't forget things."
And it was going to take time, which he wasn't sure he had.
"A scarf box, John. By the size and shape, not a thick scarf. Harry only wears winter scarves."
“Sleep,” the detective mutter derisively, nostrils flaring at John’s small smile.
But the low fever and the chills persisted for four days and he developed a cough that threatened to settle into his chest. John's plan to force Sherlock to eat heavy, calorie rich foods gave way to chicken broth, toast, and weak tea. Sherlock ate whenever John made him, but he always did so slowly and couldn't finish his meals. John kept a sharp eye on that, but he knew the difference between someone who wasn't eating because he didn't want to and someone who wasn't eating because he couldn't.
"Sherlock. Look at me," John ordered.
It had probably been a losing battle since he’d woken up, John realized with a small, wry smile.
He plucked the sheet from John's folder with his free hand, releasing the doctor and turning away abruptly. John breathed out slowly and deliberately – no matter how long he'd known Sherlock or how physical they'd been, he didn't think he'd ever get over the instinctive military reaction to being restrained so unexpectedly.
"So, what, he's Voldemort then?" John asked.
"Doctor John Watson," Sherlock replied and John Doe looked back at him.
unusual for him not to notify John, so the doctor half suspected his partner would have come home at some point, although it may not have been until the early hours of the morning. Enough time for Sherlock to get the few hours of sleep he required, shower, shave and change before he was back out the door.
Her father had met Charles and Dominique, and seemed fond of them, but Irene wasn't certain how having all of them under the same roof would go, nor if she could tolerate it very long. She'd grown up an only child and was used to her space – and she knew Charles was the same. Aaron would be too; one was enough for her, and unless she'd seriously misjudged Charles, he would never want to have primary care of a child. Dominique could do it easily – and happily – and maybe he would have pushed for that if Aaron hadn't come along.
"I know a nice little place in Marylebone Road," Sherlock said, shifting his head slightly toward John's hand as the doctor ran short curls through his fingers again. "If I recall, they have some rather good champagne."
"You have a constable on guard already."
"Yes, but the logical instruction would be 'watch this on your own' or similar. Not 'go home'. She wanted us here."
do it again."
“That is the most boring thing in the world,” John said, and Bill grinned.
Irene hadn't left him much in the way of instructions but John hardly needed them. Sherlock, he suspected, would have got an itemized (and probably timed) list, but aside from the necessary information about feeding and diapers, he'd been left on his own.
People had whispered about them shagging, but people whispered about everyone shagging everyone else, so John had ignored it and Tricia hadn't said anything against it, because it made some of the other men leave her alone. The fact that she'd resorted to that bothered John – not for her actions, but the necessity. It was just disappointing.
"What's so bloody important that you had to bloody well break into my flat?" he demanded, annoyed that Sherlock looked so tired and flustered – why should he? "If you were worried about me, you could have called! I actually
Sherlock pulled the door open and cocked an eyebrow at Sam to mask any other reaction. The younger man was standing on the pavement with feigned patience, trying not to draw attention to himself. He was dressed casually but the informal dress and the faked composed attitude were undermined by his appearance.
When Sandra texted to say she'd arrived, Sherlock saw Sam out.
John raised his eyebrows; it was an oddly direct request from Sherlock – no fault found with John's job, no hesitant 'please' tacked on, no faked guile about anything else they could be doing.
"Irene," he warned. "We are staying out of this. All of us."
Sherlock stared at him. John looked at the roof of the car and sighed.
"Former colleagues?" John asked, raising his eyebrows.
Sherlock returned a few minutes later with a mop bucket in the linen closet and gave it to John, who set it close enough to the couch to grab it easily if need be. He leaned forward a bit, resting his elbows on his knees. Sherlock settled into a chair and they waited – John would have much preferred that Sam had agreed to go to the hospital, where they could have had him on oxygen and monitoring equipment but because this was a panic attack and not physical shock, he was not worried about medical complications.
"I don't mean the killer, John; we have some idea about that, even if the military police have been handling it. I mean with him." He nodded at Sherlock and John followed his gaze. "I haven't seen him this skinny since – well I think since he met you."
But there were other things. Things so far removed from that desperate act that sometimes she wasn't sure they had been for the same man.
It was why Sherlock was now in the company of a cautious DI, his own safety tediously assured – or at least as much as he was willing to tolerate. It chafed, but less so than the anger that fuelled an ever-burning furnace, kept so tenuously under control that it terrified him, because there was no margin for error.
"Douglas' building had security and so did the second one. The bank will too, of course – it's possible that the last of the buildings also has it."
"Useless."
John saw Hassard give a wan smile as Sherlock huffed and rolled his eyes.
Well, no one had ever claimed Sherlock was a simple person. John knew he wouldn't have it any other way, even now, even when things were complicated between them. Despite everything, it was never boring. But he was John's and John was his and that was really all that mattered.
"Oh, well, that would be disappointing. Did the army teach you nothing about preparedness, John?"
He flipped the envelope over, eyes skimming the quick, sure handwriting of the return address.
Sherlock gave him an absolutely befuddled glance but managed a nod. John paused in the doorway to kiss him again, deeply, then clattered down the stairs, leaving Sherlock standing, stunned, in the doorway to the spare room, John's laughter trailing up to meet him.
Sam nodded mechanically, his expression still stunned.
"What? Why does that matter?"
"It'll take time," John said.
"Between Douglas and Sarraf, yes," Sherlock agreed, casting a brief look at Bridget, who had perched herself on the arm of a chair, arms folded, watching him expectantly. "Not between Sarraf and Adair. Adair might have been the one paying for Sarraf's services. Or one of Adair's people."
"Nash, take Doctor Watson up to the flat," the sergeant said. One of the corporals nodded and gestured for John to follow him. John drew a breath – it had been awhile since he'd been escorted by military police and never before in London. They'd accompanied his unit more than once, usually when treating or transferring an important patient.
But Jim’s sister…
It was the rattle of the IV stand that tipped him off; John was in the middle of the familiar act of pulling the privacy curtain closed when he heard metal against metal and turned to Sherlock folding in on himself, one hand closed around the IV stand for support, but succeeding only in dragging it down with him.
"No, I don't think so," Sherlock said, sitting back again, lips curling upward at the edges. "I'd rather stay a while. Have some…
At the moment, he didn't have the luxury of exploring those possibilities. A day of inactivity was costly when unplanned and he'd missed two or three important meetings the day before, with people who were not easily put off. One of them, at least, had the equanimity to deal with Gabriel if required, but she was a rare breed.
“Okay, I’m coming to get you. Stay where you are. Don’t leave with anyone else.”
Except when there wasn't.
John carefully didn't point out that a simple phone call or email could have saved them the trouble and that Sherlock solved most of his cases from the comfort of their home. It was precisely that location Sherlock was trying to avoid.
“Inspector,” the solicitor stepped in smoothly. “Richard Mitchell has been missing for three years. If his disappearance wasn’t by his choice, why not go to the police immediately? He didn’t have any outstanding warrants at the time of his disappearance, and certainly a missing man couldn’t accrue any without raising any red flags.”
"Sat upright at his desk like he was still alive. Not propped up. Not slumped over. Just dead."
, right?"
"All right," the inspector sighed. "Fine."
"We still need to talk to you," Amanda pointed out. "And the rest of Sherlock's family needs to see him."
Those who came to Irene through channels other than Sherlock's business were easier to manage. There were no competing interests to juggle, no need to make sure they were satisfied on more than one level.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes somewhat. He was not inclined to believe that. He had a small child in the flat on a regular basis and she did not always listen to instructions. There was no reason an animal with a far smaller cranial capacity would.
"And why hide them so effectively that whoever took the computers didn't find them?" Sherlock added.
"Yes."
"Take care of yourself," John replied smoothly. He followed her across the room, opened the door solicitously for her, then saw her down the stairs. He could tell this puzzled her somewhat as she tried to figure out if he was being polite or being pointed. He was pretty sure he was being a little bit of both.
"You can't smoke that in here," he said, gesturing to the cigarette she'd just fished out of the pack. She stared at him a moment, her eyes narrowed. John stared back levelly – after years in the army, she didn't frighten him. Awed him, yes, but he didn't have to let that show. She was certainly a gorgeous and imposing woman, all pale skin and dark hair, but that only reminded him of Sherlock. Her eyes were dark though. Dark and bright.
And really, he knew this was ill advised. He should be lying down, if not sleeping.
, John thought, another chuckle humming through his chest, making his grin grow wider, if only because Sherlock had accused him of the same thing more than once, his caramel-rich baritone deliberately dropped down an octave to take advantage of the way that tore apart John’s self-control.
But whatever distinction John made between himself and his patients never seem to extend to Sherlock's clients. Sherlock restrained himself from pointing out this character flaw; he had no desire to start a row – and they hardly had the time for one – nor did he want to dredge up old accusations about his lack of compassion.
"Okay, but why?" he asked.
Sherlock paused, consenting to let John adjust the glasses on his face, then set his jaw and resumed his efforts. John drew a deep breath and joined him, taking direction from the rescue worker who was in charge of their small group. Whenever he could, he watched Sherlock's face and hands carefully, looking for any hint of unsteadiness.
Sherlock stayed silent, glowering. He disliked that Sam was probably right.
"What could be upsetting to a man with no memory?" Sherlock enquired. "He doesn't remember what he likes or dislikes."
Donovan sighed, taking another sip of her coffee, then rested her arms on her knees, staring at the small, nearly empty courtyard. She wondered if it was hard for Lestrade to be here; even though there was only one other person out there with them, huddled in the lee of the building, she could still smell the faint scent of cigarette smoke. She generally avoided the place because of it, but it was private – as private as anywhere in the Yard could be, anyway.
John strained to keep his voice steady despite the sudden shock. "You didn't even think about that, did you? You just knew how to zoom in."
Donovan skimmed the pages quickly, her frown deepening. When she was finished, she read it again.
"Do you know what RIRA is?"
"An aide, another family member? Mistress?"
"I suspect she does now," Sherlock said. "But not before today, no."
Sam stared at him in shock.
He wanted to say something about further experiments and about Sherlock being free to ask for whatever he wanted, but the mouth against his was making speech impossible, and his mind was begging for surrender, exhausted and lulled by the relief and the warm body fitted around his, smelling of salt and sweat and sex.
John smiled. "Good night, Mrs. Hudson."
John texted back with some ridiculous emoji that Sherlock would never admit to appreciating. He put his phone aside and shifted his shoulders, dislodging some of the discomfort, before calling for Tina, who opened his door with her usual promptness.
"But more than nothing," Sherlock murmured, holding up a hand for them to stop. Two torch beams joined his, peering past his shoulder; the tunnel had come to an abrupt end, a circular hole in the ground making room for the ladder that vanished into the gloom. Sherlock tilted his head back, light following the ladder up into the shadows above them. John joined him, trying to catch the hint of a hatch or manhole; as far as he could tell, it was smooth concrete above their heads.
"Do you need to talk about it?" Sherlock asked and the ghost of a smile tugged at John's lips. Sherlock also disliked listening to John recount his dreams. It didn't bother John; the detective would listen when needed and the doctor didn't like talking about them much.
He'd chosen a medium grey with purple undertones to specifically pair with his purple silk shirt. That had always been his best colour, and he had several of them now – one hadn't been enough after he'd met John, who preferred Sherlock in that to anything else. In their first two months together, he'd had gone through three of them; now he kept a number of them on hand, and a standing order with his tailor.
His heart skipped a beat and his stomach plummeted suddenly, everything else forgotten. He went cold, lungs constricting, lungs refusing to bring in enough air. Goosebumps jumped up on his arms, the hair of the back of his neck stood on end. The bag sat there mutely.
"Molly. I am sorry."
"You never know," John said, and Sherlock ignored the relief that the doctor had found some equilibrium again. "It might someday."
He hated how plaintive it sounded, but at the same time, how cold and commanding. A brief smile touched his lips – Sherlock wouldn't have given that tone a second thought. The expression vanished almost before it was formed; the house had taken on that vacant feel again, too big, too much uncertainty filling up all the cracks and empty spaces.
"Am I not?" she asked. "
And there were other things to worry about.
Sherlock was still his brother –
John kept quiet for a moment, hearing the faint rustle as the phone was moved and, presumably, held to Sherlock's ear. He could hear Sherlock breathing, more rapidly and shallowly than a sleeping person should.
"Whatever needs to be done, please do it," Sherlock said coolly.
Morgan studied him for a long moment and John fought the discomfort at being so plainly assessed. He was used to it with Sherlock – someone else sitting in Sherlock's chair subjecting him to the same scrutiny was unnerving.
"God yes," Sherlock whispered, closing his eyes. With every ounce of strength he had left, he was sorry. It was all there was right now, this desperate remorse – and no way to fix it.
"Greg?" John asked, feeling thick as soon as he'd said it. Lestrade had followed him to the hospital and had probably been waiting ever since.
Sherlock looked down at him, grey eyes cool with a sharp glint.
"You think I don't know? You spend all of your time observing everyone else but never think about who might be observing you in return. Granted, you're much better at it and I'm not a genius, but nor am I an imperceptive idiot. I have training in this, you know. Pretty extensive training. And you're my friend. Why wouldn't I want to know things about you? Right now, I have to say, I'm not happy with what I see – a man who can't afford to lose even one pound and you look like you've lost about five. What's happening?"
Astonishing
and knowing he was taking them, a last resort when he
But knowing that was half the battle.
“I bet he doesn’t think he is,” John sighed, folding his arms, playing the game willingly.
"I know that, Sandy. That's why he should win. He's way more fun."
"My case?" Georges asked, dark eyes flickering his way.
"Fine," Sherlock agreed. As much as he disliked the idea of weddings, if he was going to do it, he was going to do it properly. No rentals, no one other than his own tailor entrusted with the design and execution. He needed new suits anyway, and so did John, so perhaps the doctor could be dragged along for a second opinion.
"Yeah, but–"
Sherlock was wearing clothing he would not normally wear and gloves to keep his fingers from being discoloured from the nicotine. If he did this when John was at work, he had enough time to shower thoroughly, scrub his teeth and change into his regular clothing before John got home. And god knew Sherlock could afford to go to a dentist for those whitening treatments if he thought the nicotine was staining his teeth.
"Then why were you outside?" Sherlock drawled.
"I know you don't. But you will wash yourself thoroughly if you have any hope of a good shag."
The shock hit him first, like a sledgehammer, dragging confusion in its wake as rapid observations hounded him, the timing, their expectations, the way she was dressed, all registering automatically, nearly overwhelmed by horror when the pieces slotted into place because John would get right to rage and would say something, was about to say something, blue eyes bright, expression verging on dangerous–
The other patrons of the tiny restaurant – a handful of men, mostly sitting alone – glanced up at John in mild disinterest before returning to their meals. He ignored them, weaving his way through the tightly spaced tables toward the untended counter. A middle aged woman bustled out from the backroom a moment later, carrying a small stack of porcelain mugs.
John heaved himself to his feet, feeling regret at the loss of another night's sleep.
The doctor smiled again, leaning up to kiss Sherlock quickly before squeezing a bicep.
he thought, hoping the coffee would reach him soon.
It helped to have John Watson there as well – the doctor was better than any of the doctors he had, who didn't seem keen on explaining much. The nurses were pretty good; a few of them talked to him more than the others. But John took the time to explain things and didn't seem bothered when he realized he was assuming Liam could remember something that he actually couldn't.
"You think Bridget found this? How?"
Sherlock's doing. Angela could have had a hand in that but she hadn't been there long enough to sort through them all. John was fairly organized, given his army training, but Mycroft couldn't imagine John wanting to spend the time arranging all of this information for his benefit. The doctor had most likely just wanted all of this out of the flat. If it wasn't Angela or John, then it might have been Sherlock's Interpol agent, Gabriel Mitchell, although Mycroft didn't believe that. It was more likely that Agent Mitchell would have kept this information for himself – rather, that he'd have passed it onto the agent handling this case. That meant someone else had assisted Sherlock and Mycroft didn't know who. He would have to find out.
"Go lie down, Hudson," Sherlock managed, drawing away long enough to voice the command, the snap of long fingers reaching John dimly. Whatever guilt he might have felt about ignoring the dog evaporated when Sherlock moved his thigh, making John whimper as blood rushed south. He pressed against it harder, nearly falling when Sherlock forced him back, kept up by fingers hooked through his belt loops.
the house must have been of a value, and that its presence was likely unknown to her. When pressed, Maberley admitted that she had nothing she would consider so valuable – the most costly items she owned were jewellery – and nothing that warranted the sudden purchase of her home.
"Come on, John," Sherlock snapped, giving an impatient gesture. He kept moving to put as much distance between himself and his brother as possible. "We're going home."
Sherlock lifted his eyebrows and John suddenly wondered how many Christmases his husband had spent alone – and how many of those had been spent so high he hadn't known what day it was.
“All the dirty dealings of international real estate,” he said wryly, raising an eyebrow and making Bill chuckle.
She’d left him, half conscious and bleeding from a head wound, in a building burning down around him.
He was more conscious of his time away now and took steps to ensure it was always necessary and always as brief as possible. John was well aware of that – Sherlock had told him specifically – but John also knew that leaving on short notice and being out of contact for indeterminate periods of time came with the territory.
"I don't need to," Morgan replied, arms crossed, gaze still intent on the face of the dead man stretched out on the morgue slab between them. "I know who he is."
John gave his head a shake, settling down at his desk, sipping his tea. He glanced down at one of the locked drawers and debated internally with himself before unlocking it and pulling out Sherlock’s file. Mary had just started with the digitizing and hadn’t had time to get his far yet. John wondered what he should do with Sherlock’s file, if he should digitize it himself to avoid her potentially noticing the discrepancies in Sherlock’s files from ten years ago.
John flipped the file shut and put it back in the drawer. He’d walk away from this, he decided. He’d trust Sherlock.
Now it wasn't deliberate – not on Jim's part. Sherlock never told more truth than necessary, but Jim was no longer playing. Following the twisted, knotted strands of conversation took time now. Separating fact from fiction was one thing – separating fact from madness was quite another.
"Mm," John hummed. "We couldn't have that."
But he would go upstairs and wake John and tell him. Bridget would be long gone by then, but it didn't matter.
"Patience," he murmured, cutting off any reply with another kiss. Sherlock had done a decent job learning that over the past few months – at least in this very specialized area – but his generally impatient nature still won out more often than not.
John sighed and rubbed his hands over his face, cursing quietly to himself. He slouched all the way down on the bed until he was lying on his back, staring through the darkness at the ceiling. A faint light came through the open door from the living room where he could hear Sherlock moving around. He'd let John go upstairs without comment and not the kind of lack of protest that meant he was going to be huffy. Just a simple nod, and John had felt those intense grey eyes following him up the steps.
Irene had scoured the footage carefully – not live as it had been recorded, but after the fact. No sense risking any kind of connection back to her.
John sighed, raking his free hand through his hair.
"Sam," Sandra said gently.
He tried to stop but couldn't, even when the muscles in his stomach stitched and pain flared up his side, even when he could no longer see or barely breathe.
Lestrade sighed, shaking his head.
Sandra gave him a puzzled glance and John shrugged.
And because he suspected he wouldn’t be home until late – if at all – he texted John before he and Gabriel got down to the meticulous business of walking through the timeline day-by-day, mapping out and planning for every contingency, identifying and circumventing even the smallest of possible problems, before they brought Irene and Charles in to begin the process again, ensuring there were no loose ends that Magnussen could pick up and follow back to them.
"Ah," Sherlock said, comprehending. His smile became more predatory and he saw John react to it, swallowing hard, not entirely apprehensively. Sherlock took the candle carefully from him, then took his husband's hand and turned it, exposing the softer skin of his inner arm. John stiffened but did not protest and Sherlock knew he would say if it made him uncomfortable.
John moaned softly and obeyed and Sherlock knotted his wrists together easily, then secured the tie to the headboard. He never made the knots tight enough that John could not get himself out easily if need be. He never needed to. John never freed himself until they were finished.
At the moment.
"I promise," he replied. "Always, Jo. I promise."
"Could be. Could be personal, too. I don't really want to start advertising the fact that he's here."
get away with that?" He made the meaning obvious: Mycroft had tried to prevent Sherlock from continuing with the Adair investigation – and that was only one recent interference.
John resisted checking for a pulse; he could see Sherlock breathing, the detective's chest rising and falling slowly as he slept, sedated, through the preparations.
"No," Sherlock said. "I want this to be your choice."
With the amount of people Douglas had known, and the possibility of four buildings' worth of potential suspects, it wouldn't be long before he could expand this to the whole of London.
"Deal with it," Lestrade snapped. "Care to tell us what the hell you were thinking?"
"Mm," Sherlock said. "Her hearing is getting worse, John. She hardly heard us when–" He cut himself off, biting his lower lip and cursing silently.
John kissed his way back up Sherlock's body, pushing Sherlock's arms up to kneel on either side of his torso. His brown eyes were nearly black, fixing on Sherlock expectantly. Sherlock managed to shuffle down enough to satisfy John, dropping his arms to run his hands up and down his partner's thighs, feeling the restraint there, and the need.
A/N: The poem in this chapter was written ages ago for this story by an author formerly known as Writinginmargins who has since left the fandom :( I was hoping to use it much earlier than now, but write much more slowly than I used to!
"She can come lie here with me."
John pauses. He pauses. "Sherlock," he whispers. His chest and diaphragm hum into Sherlock's web of ribs, and Sherlock thinks every cell of his sacral skin is now attuned to the particular pitch of John's voice as he says the name, and addresses Sherlock as he is for the first time in eons.
"I did my best, John." He knew he must seem absurdly emotional, the night closing down around him and his myriad outbursts, his demonstrations of love.
She closed her eyes. "No one can hear me. I know no one ever will."
“Odd?”
John takes the jibe in stride, because he figures he deserves it. "And – Moriarty?"
Mycroft is neither pleased nor displeased and moves Sherlock's meager inventory in without comment. Irene, it is decided, will visit them at the flat sometimes, and Sherlock will putter off to hers when he wants to, and for this arrangement she and John suffer a tense introduction during which John wonders whether this woman has had sex with Sherlock, and Irene knows what he's wondering. Irritated and overwhelmed with all the people and changes he must now endure after such a long hiatus, John confronts Mycroft as to her presence and background; Mycroft rebuffs him with a few cool remarks about her importance as an "extragovernmental figure", which John takes to mean "state Moriarty". Later, he searches her name, and the images he finds convince him that the British government is completely and utterly deranged.
“There was never a choice.” The words scraped out of his throat like stones. “Between you and my brother, not for a second, not ever. There never will be, John.”
“I know,” he says. He is looking at John in minor consternation. “Try if you like. I don’t need for you to show me affection, like Irene says you should. Not if it’s not honest.”
“She thought that if you put yourself in harm’s way I’d ... I’d rescue you or something. But I didn’t – not ’til she told me to.” Me again, but not centrally. That's a definite
Her head was on Sherlock's chest. He slid one hand down to her waist and held her neck fast with the other. "I've got you now."
John smiles a little and nuzzles his head against Sherlock's temples. They both know Sherlock's mad, and might never be able to mean love in the common, obdurate way. They know John would never ask for it, and that Sherlock's fascination is love enough, and perhaps one day his packaged affection will be just enough to drown in. John thinks this and Sherlock feels he's thinking it, and instead of biting they lie together. It's as good as ever possible. John thinks it's too good for the world.
John licks his lips a little, then fixes Sherlock with the most open, oddest stare. "Sherlock," he says, "I love you. And I do think you know that that's different from the others. From being in love. And having fallen in love."
They stood in silence for a second. John let out a ravaged breath. “I
“So you have changed. You feel for me.”
“... would complete you as a human being.”
“I mean, how does it work?”
“I think about it, yes,” John says, deciding not to avoid the obvious. “But I – you have to know, I’d never – ”
“I don’t want to see him.”
“Is it?” she asks mildly. Sherlock nods, a vague gesture, and rubs his foot against the cushions like an uncomfortable child. She speaks to him as if he were a child, sometimes, but still gives him wine, and once even bent down to pleasure the soft, heavy sag of his right earlobe. He reacted enthusiastically, she remembers, but even that had had a very odd, saccharine innocence about it. She hadn’t liked being with a man as slow as he had been, in the head, but very much enjoyed speaking to one, so they’ve kept up an unlikely attachment in which she comes and finds him in his decadent flat, and hammers him with words while he moves through various states of undress and drunkenness. They don’t touch, except when Irene curls her fingers through his hair, or when he’s fascinated enough with the pearly smoothness of the skin of her arm that he strokes it peculiarly for minutes on end.
when.” His eyes are getting moist, I should look away in a moment. “That’s all it was, just texting.” Now's a good time to do so. I don't like seeing him like this, but I'd look forever if it would make a difference – I just know it won't. “But I wanted more.” If only he knew how natural I find all of this business, if only he felt it as acutely as I do. Is dream-Mary making him feel it? I'll look at his face again, try and see what's going on. “And d’you know something? I still do. I’m not the man you thought I was; I’m not that guy. I never could be. But that’s the point. That’s the whole point.” I'm overwhelmed with tenderness. John's going to cry, I know it, his expression is wonderful in every sense of the word – I've never really seen anything like it. “Who you thought I was ... is the man who I
“That’s all right,” John says. He feels like a sandbag and cannot move his heart. “We’ll leave the kissing for some other time.”
"I don't know. It's new." Sherlock goes quiet again. Irene gathers her things after a while spent talking aimlessly with John, which they have become grudgingly adept at, and leaves.
“That is unusually perceptive of you,” he says finally. “You haven’t – lost your touch.”
“Did he love me back?”
“But it was wrong,” John goes on. “I don’t hate you, Sherlock. I love you. I – love you, more than I can bear under the circumstances.”
"Don't say his name."
“Soon,” – Sherlock wants it to be soon, because it did feel sort of nice, but in an isolated way. He doesn’t want to be treated like a child, which is how John actually thinks of him at times. It bothers him to be desexualized, but he can’t pinpoint this bother quite exactly as of yet.
"Is that why you did this? Because I'm obsessed with you?"
“How does what work?” Still playing it safe. Will he get bored now? Can't look up yet, but – oh, he smiled, now that's just odd. Watson, you're completely mad. That was a flicker of a smile but it was a smile right there, I think I can risk looking at him now – no, nope, not when he's said “You and the Woman?” like that. That line calls for theatrics, a sigh and drop of the eyes is what I'll need. This is just too fascinating, seeing John's psyche like this; is he really so interested in what I think of her, or is it my availability that troubles him? Can't be that one, there's an utter lack of motivation there: He knew me to be perfectly available for two years and still went and married Mary Morstan. Granted, I was decidedly unavailable when that whole thing got started, but I did manage to reappear just as sprucey and fuckable before they tied the knot. Granted, I must not have seemed as fuckable when I'd just put him through so much emotional pain, but there was a bit of time for recovery between that and the wedding – I helped plan it. And
Victor and the silence after, slouching through the house in the cold. Mycroft's hard orders had been slick over his spine and earline, their relations growing tenser and tenser as Sherlock became a man. He blinked, slowly, the sensations drifting apart like oil; at the center of it all there remained a hard kernel of flesh, the quick intent face of his younger sister.
John looks away at Sherlock's groaning ineloquence. "Yes," he says again. It occurs to him that he is being less luculent than Sherlock is, but Sherlock was a genius, so he supposes he would be higher-functioning anyway. He realizes for the first time that he does not actually know what Sherlock's problem is. A bullet has eaten through part of his brain, and this has happened because he wanted to protect John from bad people, and before his brother could intervene he was shot in the head. Now he is slowly improving after a long drought, but John has not taken the time to consider the real nature of this drought, and even now curses his hands for itching to take parts of Sherlock home with him.
"Beautiful and terrible are not mutually exclusive." Sherlock's voice had grown terrible itself. "Some things have to be done."
"Whatever I do will be unhealthy to him. I will never stop grieving what he was."
“I don’t know,” John answers honestly. It’s been about forty minutes, and he’s gotten warm and drowsy with so much limb on his body. “Like I said, you were always rather unpredictable. I think you might have, but only extremely urgently, if you’d thought I’d never manage anything on my own, or if we were dying together.” He scratches the back of his hand. “But then it wouldn’t have been so casual. You were always cold, but I think if it had been that dire it would have been more passionate and invasive than – what you just did. Maybe you would’ve done it in a really ordinary way, one evening when we were sitting like this together, and you would have met my eyes in your unusual manner of looking, I think, and I wouldn’t have been able to say anything. I would have loved you then, but been angry as well. We would never have spoken about it like we are now. But yes, I think you would have done it. Although I would never know why. I never knew what was going on in your head at any time.”
“I still care for you,” John says, each word difficult. He has just been struck with a horrible fear that this is it, that Sherlock has turned away for good, the direct statement eating into him. “I can touch you without sexualizing it. I won’t always see things that way. Sherlock, I still care,”
He most definitely thinks I'm clueless about love. John, you repressed sod, you're not High Wycombe, you're my bloody London and that's as poetic as I can get about a person. I am perfectly equipped to understand and I don't care about High Wycombe, because my understanding facilities are sufficiently evolved to comprehend a much better place. I'll hint at that, and I'll do it petulantly; I think I'm pouting anyway so it won't be hard. “I once caught a triple poisoner in High Wycombe.”
“Are you alright?”
Sherlock took a step forward. "No, it isn't. It's not too late." His hand had found her shoulder. "It's never too late."
“You think tonight was quiet?”
“You’re in love with me.”
“What if I refuse?”
"You don't?"
“I don’t know,” John finds himself laughing. “You would look at my sleeves or collar or the mud on my shoes, or something, and tell me I would be developing a cold and that my third patient had heart disease.”
The next few days are ordinary enough to make Sherlock crawl out of his skin, but there’s a new mystery at hand so he doesn’t mind as much as he should have. John’s words have been carefully shelved away, and sometimes Sherlock thumbs over them, trying to make sense of it all. It’s not that they’re inexplicable; he’s devised six different explanations for them out of hand, each in some way connected to his PTSD, or the spliced chaos of war, or the hard moral streak that gets more and more obvious in John as time passes – the looks he gives strangers, his expression when writing up cases, all conducive to whatever theory Sherlock would like to carry further – vigilante-image-fulfillment, comfort-in-righteousness, pleasure-of-the-hunt, familiar-memories, and so on until he exhausts the list and starts repeating himself. Sherlock hates when he does that. He doesn’t like the conversation because it’s surprising in content, but in presence: John has articulated a very specific feeling, very much like what Sherlock craves in each new puzzle. He wants to go quiet, wants that detachment to pulse through him, mind sharp and shoulders sharp and turned in over the mystery so his neurons stop rubbing together. Sherlock wonders if this is what John really means, and it’s enough to coast him over a couple of the worst hours to watch his flatmate do normal things, like eating and sleeping and talking to Mrs. Hudson. John doesn’t know much about the sleeping, but Sherlock doesn’t take pains to hide it – he has a feeling John would only protest to have protested, and once they were over the perfunctory sensitivities Sherlock suspects he might be rather alright with the whole thing. So he watches for a good time to ask him about it again, but it doesn’t come until another two days and four hours have passed and the John issue isn’t enough to hold Sherlock together anymore. He’s been folded into a corner of his room for a long time, as far away from the outer noises as possible, finding ways to scratch out the contents of his skull with whatever rudimentary tools he has – old cases, crammed into a nook of the brain, and incomplete deductions, but it all burns through his cells like wax and he can’t help but want to take something apart. John notices two days and fifteen hours into his seclusion and tears the place up with his loudness, which Sherlock wants him to stop, so he shouts as John wrestles him into the kitchen and into a chair and some toast where the light is too white and too sharp, and won’t eat any of the hateful things John plies him with. He feels gorgeously incorporeal, and knows that food will force him to feel that he has a body, and that the body is so intensely out of himself.
“Did you know I loved you?”
“Thirty-three hours,” Sherlock says. He stretches out his upper back, looking decidedly feline. John goes and opens the curtains.
Irene says nothing, and then she holds his wrists fast and says “You loved him.”
Sherlock explains his epiphany in the simplest terms possible, remembering that he once thought John unutterably slow. "We're not good for each other," he concludes. "I want to see you, but I don't need love – I don't need you to try and desire me –"
"Yes," he heard himself say. His voice was hoarse and distorted. "Yes, you're going to be alright."
“Yes,” Sherlock answers. Then he stops. “But not badly.”
“A bit,” he admits, “but for other reasons.”
“That's not reasonable. You know it isn't.” John's eyes had grown strange in the distant light.
"It's time to go home, Sherlock," John said finally. "Back to Baker Street."
He nods. From a certain angle John's face looks very round to Sherlock, which he supposes he must have once found attractive, but the thought is quickly replaced by an indescribable certainty that old Sherlock did not think of John's face at all, he thought of John. Sherlock does his best to look past the chin and the mushed nose and forehead lines, and all he comes up against is a sparse, sustained coldness. Confused by this insight, he pushes against John's body.
you, and she’s alive.” Oh, he's very angry. It's got to do with Mary, the whole conversation has been about her. I'm disappointed, this is not something I'd factored in his possible motivations but it seems I really should have, it's the only one that makes sense. He's past the physical catharsis stage and must now show himself in no unclear terms how little I care for love; this whole ordeal is making me appear as if I know nothing of the value of a lover, and this perceived coldness will make it even easier for him to hate me for what I've done, because he'll think I didn't understand the weight of my vows in the first place. Christ, John, you're exhausting. “Do you have the first idea how lucky you are?” Right, here we go, I didn't want to have seen that one coming but there it is. “Yes, she’s a lunatic, she’s a criminal, she’s
“That process I mentioned,” Sherlock says after a while. “The being-in-love. That makes me a little quiet as well.”
Feelings, Sherlock realizes, are something he and Mycroft have never talked about. He’s never thought about feelings himself, although sometimes there is discomfort and agitation and confusion, and rarely there is pleasure, of which sexually Sherlock dimly remembers some activity during which he didn’t really feel present. Finally, he understands that he should be answering, so he says, “Yes. It was odd.”
“I didn’t have to do anything.”
“As in my head. The whorls of my head. We talk a lot about head but I think you have it. I want you to tell me something good.”
. And Sherlock doesn’t even look offended.
Sherlock did not have the necessary will to talk about this. The room had once again grown very quiet. Eurus, it seemed, was listening now; it was just as well, there could be no doubt now of his feelings for John. There remained only one thing to say, and Sherlock's anger tumbled out from between his hard teeth.
"I never
"Is that good or bad?"
"What?"
“That he was protecting you for a reason.” Mycroft moves to go, face set. “The same reason, I’d say, that you are shelved away here in quiet Baker Street, while he makes abstract art and gets fondled by Irene Adler in west London. Don’t make an idol out of my brother, Doctor Watson. He will never live up to it again.”
Hesitant, Sherlock offers him a pale, peaked wrist. John rolls it between his palms, wide and salty, and presses very lightly on each side. He moves the touch very slowly, never ghosting over Sherlock's body, always at a constant, reassuring pressure that feels like it flows through him into his friend. The lights are on. Sherlock relaxes.
“John, I'm not dead,” Sherlock said slowly.
"And then?"
Where did you go? I'm picturing you in all sorts of places. Is your nose at this moment seeing the sun? It’s not the sort of day I’d dream about in January, which means you’re definitely out, and maybe even not chasing a case, just being out. Are there people around you? What are they doing, what are they saying? I want to sift through their languages when I'm at it. I can't imagine you without your coat but it's still here on its peg. I saw it this morning and fancied, for a second, that you were dead, and you were still in the flat being dead, and I was pretending you were missing, stepping over your body where I lay it down. This could be true but I'm not mad enough to do something like that. Honest, Sherlock, I'm not mad at all. I wasn't when I was fighting and I am not now, I'd phone someone if you died. I'd be robust and reticent and not cry one tear. I would let Lestrade convince me I was upset and then not talk to him for years. You're not dead, you just left me. I realize that's repetitive.
to me because I might have a love interest? He's talking to me because it's about me, and now that's just
“It doesn't matter if I'm alive when you aren't.” The words sank into him like mercury. “You shooting yourself in there wouldn't have done me any favors.”
“Lock the door after me, will you, Sherlock?” she reminds him patiently when enough has been said about her various dealings and disasters. Quiet and hedonistic, the man only mutters, and Irene leaves him picking idly at his fine sleeve, silhouetted beautifully against the wash of light from his large living-room window.
“I'm not seeing the connection here.”
Jan 18
Oh, shit. Did he just say that? It must be the drugs, but that's not possible, it's been long enough since my last dose. Well, it could be possible, it's happened before, there was that bride mystery that went on in the plane before John came to get me; maybe I've completely lost it and this whole scene's just an elaborate self-construction for quiet comfort. That is a possibility I cannot reject, but for the sake of sanity I'll have to disregard it for the moment: If I begin to analyze all my past and present actions in this manner I'll never be certain of anything. I could've sunk into this self-controlled mind game at any point in my life. And who's to say such delusions wouldn't be as real as anything else? I do feel everything after all. My senses are quite adept and I can think just as clearly. I could kiss John right now, get up and do it and feel his heart rate stutter, and that would feel real and that's enough. I don't have time at the moment to further analyze the nature of reality, but I don't think I'll reach any new conclusions: The existence of any one thing, event, moment or conversation cannot be proven by any method of deduction as it would by default involve all the deductive tools of the thinker in question, and the deduction would only be valid for the frame in which it was made, which would make it impossible to work out the qualities of the frame itself. But I'm diverging painfully from the actual issue here, which is that John Watson has just told me in no harsh terms that I need a lover to be whole; I'm waiting for the inevitable deductive leap here – he
“You,” Sherlock answers. “And me. And Mycroft, for a while.”
“Why?” Sherlock seems so honestly confused.
John looks uncomfortable. Sherlock takes this as his cue to leave. He doesn’t want to look at John anymore.
The man appears to be wary, his body coiled the other way. "I don't need a sympathy fuck, John."
really, it's painfully obvious now, I hate the lag in my reasoning today. All his Irene Adler anger was his own guilt and suffering, reflected in commands and admonishments – I really have failed to read this man. It's still best to let him talk, but I do hope my face hasn't betrayed shock: He'll definitely misread that and think I'm judging him. Come to think of it, I haven't thought a moment about the actual content of what he's said; it was slightly interesting, yes, now that I think about it, but he looks like he's in too much pain for me to really have that morbid interest coming on. I'd just as soon he didn't tell me if he'll suffer because of it.
John cracks a wild, wild grin, and looks almost demented with love.
While Sherlock remembers all of this, John is doing things. He’s shopping and ordering and making things happen in the flat, Sherlock is prostrate and uncommunicative so John hoovers around him. He brings Sherlock tea and biscuits and grieves next to him, although what exactly they’re mourning remains a mystery. But Sherlock feels the grief through his sinkhole of a chest, and at one point takes John’s hand and makes it follow him, so that John’s on his knees and Sherlock’s flat on the sofa and the hand is between them like an offering, or a child, or something terrible and livid. But John doesn’t even mind that his hand has been abducted, so they stay like that until he has to take a piss, or eat or sleep or something similarly menial; it occurs to John a few times that this is getting too hard to handle in some ways, but it’s lovely and unpredictable and John needs the external input. He needs the unexpected to be able to move on with his life, needs to be startled, needs someone to tell him something that he wouldn’t have been able to just make up in his head. So he loves it, just loves that Sherlock’s so damn mad, and he also knows this means he’s just as demented, and doesn’t touch Sherlock other than to bring him soup that’s left uneaten and a hand that looks very dead. But Sherlock doesn’t mind that.
"But you don't remember," Eurus said lightly. "You were
“I believe he will recover.”
while there’s still a chance, because that chance doesn’t last forever. Trust me, Sherlock: it’s gone before you know it.” I'm going to kill myself. Dear God, John, don't be so daft – why are we back to square one again? I thought we were past this. Maybe I should be listening for other hints in what you're saying – no, right now you're repeating your last four words, but with more emphasis – I guess this is a reflection of how much you still suffer because of Mary. Well, I'm being very selfish, I see that now – you're in such emotional pain and I'm only thinking of myself. That's typical but I wasn't doing it on purpose; I want to comfort you now but I don't know how to. I'll just let you talk some stuff out, and then we'll see how I can be useful. I'm sorry for being an arsehole but it's difficult to think when you've a fixed conclusion – I've made a deductive mistake and I can only attribute that to your involvement in the situation.
“Do you want me to stop?” Sherlock asks.
“So you loved it?”
to be.” That was beautiful, and he's beautiful, and there's nothing I want to do more than make him stop feeling like this. He's crying now. Should I comfort him? For once I don't want to deduce my way through this. If I calculate the risks there's no way I'll do what I intuitively know is the right thing. Well, perhaps that's also a part of deduction, seeing that intuition is only what I perceive in limited consciousness; John's stance, his vulnerability, the knowledge of his suffering have coupled with my primal instinct to touch. He might reject me, but I'll take it. His face is getting closer, he smells so familiar, I'll have to fight not to cry as well if I smell this for long. I'm moving quite slowly so it must seem very alien, but I don't think he's in a position to make assumptions about this. I just don't want to startle him.
"Are you alright?" John says finally, pushing Sherlock away. His fingers are working at Sherlock's collar. It's a stupid question so he drops to his knees, he loves the slight blankness of John's stare, and when he blows soft air all over John's crotch that stare becomes positively feral. He wants to acquaint John's penis very closely with his mouth, and trails lip and tongue all over the harsh denim as John's thumbs dig into his jaw. He's looking up at John and John's looking down at him, expression checkered with wonder, so he undoes the button and undoes his flies and finally dips down to love John's liver, except what he's loving is not a liver but his cock. John's good for it and at the end pushes Sherlock down, flat onto the ground, penis slipping out of Sherlock's mouth with a pop and coming to burn on Sherlock's thigh as he peels each article of clothing off him. Sherlock understands something primeval when John starts to suck his nipple. He understands a whole field of pain when John's palm straggles over his erection. When John's cock slots against his, turned bare, Sherlock understands why this is an act of love. John's panting. Sherlock feels the tightness in his scrotum and runs a thin hand over them together, quickly, pumping and stroking until John comes onto his shirt, groans through the semidarkness and bites the place where Sherlock's neck meets his shoulder. Sherlock shouts. His voice is very rich and loud and John kisses the shit out of it.
“This,” he replies unhelpfully. “The quiet –”
"John?" He scrambled up with his knees biting into the asphalt, feeling the sprain in his wrist. He had no idea how he'd lived so easily through that hot fall, and the terrible thought came to him immediately that John might not have done the same: He considered breaks, cuts, blunt trauma, the innocent bruising that would mark him if he'd struck the ground foot-to-shoulder, shielding the old delicacy of John's internal organs. The window could have blinded him. He'd seen glass buried under coarse second skin, seen it slice clean through the scar tissue that John had so much of. He wanted to see John now, quickly because he hadn't moved; Sherlock's ankles protested feebly as he staggered across the road, eyes fixed on John's face.
“It wasn’t,” John agrees. “It was unbelievable.”
“What were you thinking about?” It’s not something he’d usually ask, but this time Sherlock’s silence has been far too familiar, almost inclusive, as if he were coating John as well in a thin, unobtrusive veil against the various ups and downs of the world; a delicate tether that John still feels between them, weighing down the air between sofa and window.
“I never actually die,” he said, bemused.
Jan 27
"I don't want you to say things you don't mean, Sherlock."
The world grew large as a fist in Sherlock's eyes. The memory overwhelmed him suddenly, the little woods turning real and dusky, his body loose as a toddler. Yellowbeard and Redbeard, a plastic sword heavy in his chubby grip, fighting through a solemn afternoon; Victor had never been quiet for long.
“No.” I know it's not okay, I didn't mean to say that. There's only one thing to say about this that could be Neutral, and not Negative; I'll tell you in a moment, after my cheek's brushed the side of your head. I know that's intimate, but I've got to feel you being solid, I've got to be large enough to have you grow well inside me. “But it is what it is.” I hope someday that starts being Positive, John, and I hope that I can give it to you in the most tender manner possible. Right now I'll just place my good hand on your skin and feel you rock against me; that's all I can do but I'll do it until you've become quiet enough to listen. I hope then things will be different. I hope then I'll know what to say.
of that lie, and not to convince
Jan 22
Sherlock’s eyes go bladelike. “Why?”
"I know you smiled at that." His mouth quivered. Sherlock had been transparent in his attempt at deflection, and for some delicious reason John had seen it wasn't out of fear; Sherlock had already asked him to stay, voice large and awful. They watched each other, amusement traced on both their faces. Sherlock's gaze was raw.
“Why?”
“Yes,” Sherlock says. He kisses John’s cheek. “Yes.”
“Wait,” John says suddenly. Sherlock turns. John has risen from his seat, face white and rigid. Sherlock’s mind is again very blank.
"Of course she wasn't a tool." Sherlock felt angry with such an assertion when his sister's skin was still clinging to his fingers. "She was beautiful, as wonderful as a tiger. Of course she was nothing but what she had made herself out to be."
“Mycroft,” John says, the warning in his tone flat and useless. He doesn’t want to hear these things. He wants Sherlock to be dead.
It takes a moment to process.
“So you’re using me?” It’s not bitter. What John wants to say, actually, is
“Me neither,” he answers.
Sherlock are you going to answer me?
"Did I use to live here?" Sherlock's fingers trail over the wall, then he clasps his hands primly in front of him. "You were angry with me here. You were sitting against a hard screen, except it wasn't the screen but the light that was sort of hard, it shone right into your face and sometimes mine and I ate something here. And I had my dressing gown."
“What is?” he remembers to add. His voice sounds deeper than usual, and John turns sharply to face Sherlock where he’s still standing by the door.
"You wanted to give me a phone call, Sherlock." John's jaw moved, hard, but his gaze was open. "You wanted me to talk to my daughter before I died."
Sherlock looks at him a little. “You’re still dealing with it.”
John sighs. “Will it help?”
“It's deliberate,” he says. “And distasteful. Or sometimes it's very tasteful. I don't know. It's more selfish than anything.”
“I always felt for you. Now it’s unbearable.” John wants to transmit his love to Sherlock’s supine bone-marrow through thermal radiation, to make Sherlock’s innards boil until soft touchable things are left over. He loves Sherlock. He loves him. He does not think this will ever, ever change.
“None of this is about you,” Mycroft says smoothly, so John can hear the edges of each word. “Do what you like, John. He’s – improving. And it means that – one day – he’ll know.”
because he knew terribly that he couldn’t shake Sherlock ever again, ever out of his goose-swollen heart. Sherlock had looked hurt for a moment, and then his face had smoothed out in a way so characteristically Holmes that John had ached through the thick ends of his bones, wanting to do him better. He knows now that he will have to explain his oddness to Sherlock later, but for the moment he has acted so unfathomably that it seems like it would somehow be better to draw away from him for a second, or two seconds, which both feel long. Sherlock putters around in the living room for a while as John introduces the side of his face to Sherlock’s bedcovers; when it feels like he has been there for hours, he comes to lean against the doorframe with an inscrutable expression. John knows that if he pretends to be sleeping it will be the wrong thing to do, so he pricks up his head like a disturbed animal. After a minute or so, Sherlock turns in to sit at his desk, and they settle in for the night.
I can't be optimistic enough to think he's pleased I'm Available. “You bloody moron!” Definitely not pleased. Should stare at him now, give him some validation – it would also help to see exactly when he decides to punch me, bracing for impact and all that. “She's out there, she
“She was wrong about me.”
It would be something like
Sherlock blinked. “Surprised?”
Feb 14
With a jolt John withdraws. “I – sorry?”
John Watson still lives in Baker Street. He still lives in Baker Street but Baker Street is a shrine. He has very neatly stacked each memory of Sherlock in a close corner and sometimes spends evenings staring at his pillar in remorse. He spends the rest of his time staring at it, too, but then he does it emotionlessly.
"Let's not pretend," Eurus said, looking like she really was getting tired of the conversation. "You're not going to kill yourself any longer. You know your friend needs treatment soon, and you won't stop until he gets it. You can't trust that to anyone else. Sherlock, I know you," her voice got delicate. "I know you now. I know what you are with John Watson."
“Explain. When I have something to think about.”
“Know what?” The words push out of his mouth.
“You,” Sherlock repeats, “hate me.” He, himself, hates that he has had to repeat it, when he knows – he feels, like something that has been cut out of him – he knows that there would have been a time for him to say a million things, to fill each minute with words as clever as gemstones. Now he has none of them.
, my arse, I already have a piece of that but it's not
“You’ve spent the most part of this evening calling me an idiot.”
Sherlock’s hand brushes the back of his neck.
“Very close to us,” Irene says.
I’m sorry. Goodbye.
“You’re part of the silence,” Sherlock says, which is repetitive but John feels rabid. “We’ve – I have –” There’s a pause. “I’ll guess it’s still deliberate.”
“You know, it’s been two days.”
Jan 19
Feb 9
Sherlock blinks at him. “Yes.”
Sherlock recognized his soldier-stiff shoulders, but didn't quite understand why they were there. Perhaps it was the well experience. He'd found his statement unexpected – John was anything but timid – John had lost his wife, and Sherlock had let him. Now he looked him over with his eyes sliding out of focus, wondering what he was thinking, what he wasn't saying, what Sherlock should have said with a gun to his head in Sherrinford under those cold white lights. Time slurred on over his skin.
"I don't need you to love me back," John says. "I don't mind if you're entirely selfish, if you want to be obsessed with me, if you can't help but be so. I don't mind. I'll love you anyway." Then he makes a stilted movement, as if to turn his back on Sherlock. Sherlock realizes he feels very vulnerable. He knows, contrary to what he's like, John's not a man to speak about such things, not like Sherlock is with his sharp bite and obtuse, recursive quanta of affection. Sherlock cuts out parts of his synthetic emotions and swabs them, slowly and remorselessly, over another person's skin. He snips little pieces of them to use in reaction and cooks up batches of things, nuclear fusion, to make solid what goes on in his head. But John is taciturn and straightforward, and would rather kill a man than admit he loves someone, that he's attached to them, however insensible and unreasonable that might be, so Sherlock resolves to hold each word in a separate cauldron, to hoard them like soft, glittering honey, because they're rare and very difficult and he loves John admirably. Instead of letting John turn around he crashes into him, holds his upper arms, his forehead and chest, and attempts to intimate his whole body into a wild, wild man, tempered with all the solitude and night-shadow of war and culture. And John startles but lets him, John doesn't try and make love, just opens bits of his throat and lungs to the madman in front of him, and Sherlock for once doesn't try to eat what he sees. He doesn't want to drink parts of John down, doesn't want to possess them, he wants to reach out a deft white hand and slide his fingers over each crack and groan of his ribcage and breastbone, but to let John keep all of it. It's the first time this act doesn't feel like evisceration but affection, and Sherlock's mad for it. John's quiet to it but likes it, Sherlock knows he likes it because he loves him, it's so big to be loved by someone like him, and every ugly nudge of boredom crusted in the back of his skull goes silent when John finally grabs his jaw and kisses, awkward and closed-mouthed but suddenly, startlingly passionate, and Sherlock kisses back without knowing what he's doing until each flicker of light behind his eyes die out.
No it won't. Glad to know you read this. Why do you think it will? How can you say that after reading what you’ve read?
"You can't leave," John whispers.
"I don't think it's good for me to be living here," he announces.
"Don't tell me what to do."
“Just her?” John's voice was muffled by his coat, and Sherlock smiled into his ear. “I can't leave Rosie.”
Sherlock seems bothered by the whole affair, but he doesn't argue when John packs. When John leaves he is sitting on the sofa watching the dented wall. The flat feels cleaner.
“Don’t be obtuse. You’re rather fascinating.” Sherlock’s focused each cell, the small luminescent edges of each cell into John, razor-sharp and glimmering with life. John suddenly feels stripped down to the marrow of the thinnest and most delicate of his bones, which he hopes Sherlock will some day take into his mouth out of love.
He is not working. He is still eating. He doesn’t want to treat people, and doesn’t feel smart enough to do anything else with his degree. The exertion of medical research, of research in which he is only a spectator, even, threatens to drown him. He cannot pick up a journal to skim the ugly print as he has done so often with Sherlock’s untidy limbs in some state of debauchery, tossed over the couch cushions or the chairs, not really judging John’s puttering-around as dull because it’s medicine. John is living off the funds of Sherlock’s brother, who comes over and stands to deliver his weekly Sherlock-report as if it were interesting. John supposes it is, sort of, interesting, or it really should be interesting, that his irascible flatmate has been reduced to a wide-eyed child without even the redeeming curiosity of a five-year-old. He supposes it should be interesting instead of unbearably painful. Sherlock Holmes, tall and knifelike of unearthly beauty, has lost his dignity and solemnity and towering intelligence to protect stout, useless John Watson. John wishes Sherlock was dead.
Their bodies crashed together in the odd darkness, Sherlock's hand coming down between John's shoulder blades in awe, crushing his hard chest into the cramped silence of his own. He could have been telling John it was normal, that he was in shock with well-water still running over his eyelids; it was natural, perfectly understandable, it made Sherlock want to stop moving forever. He could have told him any part of this. Instead he curled one long hand into John's skull and said quietly, “I would like to live with your baby.”
The night slinks over them. At first John does not interfere with Sherlock’s brooding, he does unremarkable things and resents himself, but the time comes when he cannot ignore anything any longer because he simply can’t, his body won’t stop wanting to do things and he, himself, can’t stop wanting them to be good. He busies himself with comforting Sherlock, and once the menial tasks are finished he brushes a thumb or two over Sherlock’s warm forehead. Sherlock shies away from the touch, and John is irresistibly reminded once again of a newborn foal as he looks at him. Even his skin is softer, thinner from months kept inside.
You want to be seen,
Sherlock nods, used to Mycroft’s helping prompts. This time, however, Mycroft doesn’t answer as quickly as he has when supplying Sherlock with all his other crucial bits of information. He stares at Sherlock’s face, then turns back to his other affairs with a queer stillness to his mouth. “I am certain,” he says, “that you know.”
“Well then, I guess you'll just have to stay with us as well.” He wasn't teasing. His fingers tightened against John's neck and scapulae, feeling their shape and aliveness over and over until John thawed. He would do it until morning if allowed to. His mouth hovered over John's temple.
"I don't want you to be upset," John says carefully. He still thinks very often of Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock nods. “Can I see him?”
“What?” he says finally, petulantly. Mycroft tilts his head a little, obviously thinking, which Sherlock doesn’t see why he does so much of – it’s an exhausting activity.
“Tell me,” Sherlock repeats, so John leans against the counter and leans a leg against his hip and lets go of Sherlock a little, but only a little. “Sometimes,” he says, “my head is full too. But it’s not full… with good things like yours. Not that I mean yours is good. Not that – it’s not – I don’t have anything intelligent in there. It’s a shit slur that I can’t really walk through and things get all crowded into each other.” He rubs his elbow onto the countertop, and Sherlock can imagine each weird fiber of his weird cardigan scraping against the marble like a little spire. “I wonder sometimes whether I’m just stupid.” John’s eyes have gone so sober that Sherlock feels some bit of him leech out between them. “I wonder if I wanted to join the army just to let go of all this shit in my head, pounding around in my skull like – I wonder if that’s what I wanted. To be ordered around like a dog. To be told things so I wouldn’t have to root around anymore, finding things, odd ends in that muddle. I wonder if that’s why I loved that night so much.”
"Yes," John presses. "A woman of her – caliber."
"Irrelevant?" The word stretches out of John's mouth with much of his anger. "Sherlock Holmes – "
John didn't answer that, gathering himself up from the pavement in slow movements. It looked dramatic: John had done more than this before in worse condition, and Sherlock suddenly became afraid that what he was seeing would someday become the quietude of age. It was an irrational feeling - John would grow old like any other man - but watching him like this stirred something primal in Sherlock, made him want to protect John even from this. His throat didn't open up until John spoke.
“You,” Mycroft says. He looks ill, but hopeful. John is unused to such an expression.
“Because you were my friend,” John says painstakingly. “And you weren’t interested. And now you’re my friend and you can’t be interested, you understand, you can’t just – and then there’s the balance of power –”
He's chuckling. I don't know whether to be alarmed or pleased with myself. Does it mean he's happy that I don't care for her romantically? That he's amused by the extent of my Incurable Sociopathy? Has he gone completely off his rocker? I thought we were having a serious conversation. Or maybe these chuckles are building up to something violent, I think that's most likely. I'll tuck in my limbs a little as a precaution in case he starts to hit me again. “Why not?” He's pacing, and now he's stopped and is looking at me with a
Yes, all right, we're okay. I told you I loved you and you said it was obsession stimulated by the forcible removal of an object of desire. I knew that made sense but I love you more viscerally than that, you madman. I'm not going to repeat myself. I feel more like the man I should be every day. I can think this over, you know, and never arrive at a different conclusion than that I need you to be with me. Do you want me to explain why? I don't know why. Do I need to explain? Advise please.
He fought the urge to dismiss this. “She thought you were my best friend.”
There was a moment's hesitation, and then Mycroft nodded. Sherlock had no patience left; he shoved the weapon into his brother's hands. "And the others."
“Don’t you always have something to think about?”
“I’m not asking you to,” Sherlock says, thoroughly confused. “Why would I want you to approve of it?”
"Sherlock," John began. He'd busied himself with looking presentable for a few moments; his voice was now carefully neutral. "Do you remember the first case we took? When we went to see the pink lady's body?"
"Bury Sherlock Holmes," Irene says, gathering up her keys and coat in quick, hard motions. "And then come back to Sherlock for Sherlock, because he deserves it. Because, after all this time," she heads for the door, "it’s no longer really a matter of love."
“It does,” Sherlock murmured in reply.
The world opened up suddenly, like a gaping chasm, reminding him of its immensity. He'd felt it – lived it – during those nine months away, constantly on the move as he snapped the remaining threads of Moriarty's web, unknowingly tracing his way to Mary Morstan – Amélie Lassalle – via Sebastian Moran.
"That's hardly your only area of expertise," Sherlock replied, arching an eyebrow at the doctor. "I'm more than happy to admit that women are your area and not mine."
With a defeated sigh, John eased himself out of the car, letting Sherlock unlock the front door. The detective kept his pace slow on the stairs and John was tempted to drag his heels even more than he already was. To see if Sherlock would notice.
Occasionally John wondered what had become of the CCTV footage Mycroft had sent him. If he'd been able to access it, surely the police could have? He thought they would have checked the cameras from both places leading up to the day Hayes was murdered – but if they did, they evidently hadn't seen him because there was no arrest, no reports they had any leads.
But what could there be to do? Sherlock had texted him almost an hour ago now, and the fact that he'd stayed on a scene this long was unusual. Normally he blew through them like a whirlwind in a fitted suit and dark curls. Mycroft must be really upset for Sherlock to still be hanging about.
John drew a careful breath, swallowing his automatic retort that he'd been to Afghanistan, that he knew how to handle himself around these type of people. He had information about them that Morgan didn't – he'd gone so far as to break into one of their houses.
Then again, they’d all missed Janine Hawkins until Jim had slipped up and whispered something about her, and Irene had been able to catch Sherlock very much off his guard the first time they’d met.
"It was always interesting," Sherlock sniffed. "Just because you couldn't appreciate it at the time…"
"And for you," he said. "It can't just be for me. It's not just about me. No, it's not, Sandra."
"Do you suppose Harry ever stopped really wanting a drink when she was sober?"
“Yeah,” John replied. It had been the topic of gossip and speculation for weeks afterwards, but no one had ever been told why they were there. At least, no one at John’s level, but unless there had been a medical crisis, there was really no reason for him to know.
Splattered was a good word. John had seen it – only for a few seconds, but they were long enough for a trained trauma surgeon. There was no way to survive a fall from that height, not onto asphalt. The impact had half crushed him, smearing blood and brain matter and skin across the road. Even the officers who were there were looking green and keeping back.
"Not especially my area of expertise," his brother replied.
A strong arm around his shoulders stopped that, pulling Sherlock back the other way, John shifting without breaking the kiss, adjusting them so that Sherlock was straddling him. John’s right hand slid down to hold Sherlock’s chin, keeping him in place as John rummaged through a drawer with his free hand, the growl of triumph that finally broke them apart making Sherlock feel weak, legs giving up what remained of his balance to sink the rest of the way, letting John take all his weight.
"Yes," Sam snapped. He gave his head another shake, as if to deter the coming question, but Sherlock pressed on regardless.
John still didn’t know exactly what had happened there – even after being confronted, Sherlock wouldn’t, or maybe
"Shit," John said, realization hitting him like a freight train.
The trail was cold. Whenever he’d gone, he’d covered his tracks.
"All of the
He felt the change before he saw it, the air shifting, carrying something else on it. New scents that didn’t belong down here, perhaps faint noises on the edges of his hearing. Not the dampness of the tunnel connected to Douglas’ building, but the opposite. Drier, less stagnant.
"Sound medical advice, believe me. If you'd like, I can stop by again tomorrow."
John refocused his attention on the package held towards him, taking it reflexively. Aaron, distracted by the movement, made a grab at it, but Dominique displaced his son’s tiny fingers with one of his own, giving Aaron something else to grip.
"You think so?" he murmured.
"That means when they find a fingerprint they have to run it to see if there's a match to any known ones they have in their system. There's always going to be some overlap – that's a partial match."
"Riley knew him?" Donovan demanded.
It did help, even if he wasn't willing to admit it out loud, and by the time Sherlock was stitched, bandaged, and ready to be whisked away for an MRI, she was willing to let John go with him, unencumbered by any medical equipment.
There were mutters and shifting and footsteps stopping to change direction. There were more orders called out or passed along and questions that floated to them, sharp or half-formed. Sherlock ignored all of this, refocusing on Sam.
I want?" Sherlock asked, a mischievous gleam in his eyes.
"Not a face you'd forget," he agreed. "And you've seen it before. Several years ago. I believe you were taking a lovely little holiday in the mountains."
tell me you're joking. Baker Street is no place for a child."
"I booked two weeks off at the beginning of September," John said. Sherlock tilted his head enough to meet John's eyes.
She'd proven herself adept at faking her death once before. At least once.
"So, what," Lestrade asked, "someone's got a grudge against mountain climbers?"
, he thought. He remembered his own time in the hospital and how much easier it had been to deal with the doctors and nurses because he was a doctor. He understood what they meant, he could read his chart, he knew the language. He realized he could not at all imagine what it would be like to have no frame of reference – or how terrifying that must be.
Sherlock shouldered the bag with a pointed look and John relented when he remembered that navigating the stairs even unencumbered right now was tricky. Sherlock followed slowly behind him without a word – it occurred to John that Sherlock wasn't just company, but protection.
A faint shudder passed through him when Sherlock tugged lightly on his lower lip, the brief bite of his teeth so gentle it was barely there. John hummed approvingly, feeling the answering tug of a smile on Sherlock’s lips. It faded when John deepened the kiss gently, Sherlock’s fingers tightening on John’s back.
"A taste for power can easily overrule any more basic tastes."
"A blackmailer," Sherlock repeated. "As in, he coerces payment from his victims in exchange for not revealing delicate information."
Sherlock huffed but the smile didn't entirely vanish. He moved up, as if for a kiss, and John couldn't stop himself from shaking his head. Sherlock cocked an eyebrow at him, hands covering John's desperate ones, moving them away.
It was possible he simply hadn't wanted to, given his statements to the police about his relationship with his brother.
It took John's shape, filling up every available space in his mind and commandeering others already occupied. He'd tried to pinpoint when exactly it had begun – Barts, the pavement outside Baker Street, John's comment about clearing out the rubbish in the flat and the way Sherlock had actually felt embarrassed – but he'd never succeeded.
"I know," he said.
"I need some things. From home. Things I forgot. Amanda." He searched for a pen and paper, scribbling something frantically. "I need you to go to Baker Street. Get these things. All of them. Very important."
John thought of all of the times Sherlock had read his body language and all of the things he gleaned from it. He wondered what Sherlock was reading now. Reluctance, that was probably obvious. He might as well have it written on his forehead. Sherlock looked the same.
"You say that, but yet you're still here."
He closed his eyes and dropped his head forward, resting his forehead against hers.
"We would do that just as easily here – more easily in fact," Sherlock pointed out, a small smile creeping onto his lips.
Not to mention a handful of other places, and some group photographs with invented friends. He’d look more closely at those later, particularly the few that had been printed and framed, and would help decorate William Scott’s new flat.
Sherlock huffed again and folded his arms but couldn't keep the small smile from his lips. He fought it down severely, narrowing his eyes at John.
"Wrong," he heard from behind him, instinct to turn quashed, letting the blow land on the back of his head rather than his face, a flash of black and dirty asphalt swimming, confused, across his vision as the ground raced toward him.
get you back for this," John growled.
He paused, back to his partner, taking a slow breath to savour one last moment before he had to ask his of John, then turned back, using another deep breath to steel himself.
"Holly?" he asked.
"Coffee's already being made," she replied reasonably, rummaging through his fridge and cupboards. John watched her carefully, looking for any reluctance in her expression that hadn't made it into her words.
Sherlock never meant it. And normally, John could just shrug it off. But he was getting tired of being reminded that compared to the great Sherlock Holmes, John Watson had the intellectual capacity a toddler in a sandbox.
"Yes."
Plucking him and John from London, dropping them, separated, into the wilderness. Sherlock had had Lestrade but the Woman had known what losing John would do.
"Want to tell me what's going on?" he asked in a low voice. John frowned and glanced at him.
"You finish then," John sighed. "I'll go round to the shops. Won't be long. Try not to rearrange everything while I'm out."
"Some landscape – Wales, maybe? The Highlands? I can't remember – something with mountains, I know that. In the summer, all greens and greys. Really pretty."
"John, if you're tired, you can go home and sleep," Sherlock said and there was a hint of something in there – warmth. Concern. It was familiar and unexpected and sent a jolt through John. He managed to shake his head.
It had been a big mistake but John believed if Sherlock had been in a good frame of mind, he never would have made it. He didn't think for a moment Sherlock wished Sam any ill.
"How's the speech going?" Gabriel asked with a grin.
"What about the body?" John asked.
"Jesus Christ," he muttered, not caring if it was loud enough for Mycroft to hear.
But he couldn't. Not this time. It wasn't his hospital but that wasn't all of it – the gash on the back of Sherlock's scalp made him want to vomit, filling him with a rage so bright it was hard to see around it, or to think. It had nowhere to go because he had no idea who to blame.
sleep without seeing Brace in a puddle on the road and knowing that so easily could have been me?"
"What?" John muttered, silently cursing the sling that made it even trickier than usual to type.
If Mary hadn't known better, she might have suspected some kind of previous intimate relationship, but there was no indication that Holmes had ever even entertained the kinds of inclinations that would have led to that. Some submissive sexual tendencies, Mary would easily believe.
Even fairly smartly dressed in crisp jeans and pressed, short-sleeved shirt, he didn't strike John as a wealthy man missing a valuable family heirloom. The doctor checked himself – after all, they'd had moneyed clients in the past who didn't look it – but the flat they were ushered into suggested a comfortable life rather than a lavish one.
"Your John Doe, the one you had on
He blinked a few more times, grey eyes unseeing, then stiffened slightly - in shock, not in apprehension, John thought. Sherlock stayed still, as if any sudden movement might startle John into leaving again, and slid his slowly eyes to his husband. John watched him without relinquishing his position by the door, meeting Sherlock's gaze with an equanimity that he did not really feel. Everything they had to sort out seemed to yawn in front of him.
"I will," Sandra said, a hard, determined note in her voice. Veronique bid her good-bye, rung off, returned the receiver to the cradle with a clatter and reached for her mobile before it really hit her. She stopped, bowing her head into her hands and raking her fingers through her dark hair.
“What?” John pressed, peering in the direction Dominique had been looking, seeing nothing untoward at all – a few other shoppers, none of them paying them any attention.
There was no sound other than the wind. No murmur of voices, no shouted orders, no helicopters landing, no vehicles rumbling past. The camp was empty of sound, empty of movement.
"So, basically, you're going to do the exact thing to her that Mycroft did to you. The one that, if I remember right, annoyed you a little bit."
"Yes," McKinney replied, managing a nod. "And occasionally, democracy is the wrong sort of government. Occasionally, things simply need to
He’d told no one, and it had been a relief to make the decision. If asked, he could give a brief, impromptu summary of what he appreciated about Gabriel and their friendship, but he doubted that would be of as much interest to the other wedding guests. Not to mention there was quite a lot he couldn’t say if either of them wanted to avoid continued interest from the police.
"It would now, anyway," Lestrade sighed.
"Would you have answered?" Sherlock growled.
Greg Lestrade pinched his nose with a sigh, flipping over a page in the unnecessarily thick file.
"Look at this."
The police had abandoned the case when it had gone cold, but a man like Mitchell had the resources to pursue it if he'd wanted.
Mycroft met them at the front door and Sherlock evaluated the house upon stepping in. A couple in their late fifties; married thirty to thirty-five years judging by the style of dress in the framed wedding photo that hung on the wall. Still married, given that the picture was still on display but a bit dusty – they were used to seeing it and used to giving it no thought. He thought suddenly of the framed wedding picture that sat in his flat on the small table beside the couch. How long had it been since they had cleaned it? He resolved to do so when he got home.
"No," Morgan replied. "He's a terrorist."
"It's
No, Sherlock realized. He was staring at his wedding band.
, he told himself. That was a lie. It meant something. It meant more reason to never have become involved in this in the first place.
“What are we going to do?” Gabriel asked instead.
Still, there were some things that needed to be said, even if they weren't spoken out loud.
"Yes, Mycroft, you always think it is."
"I haven't the faintest idea what you mean," his partner drawled.
He crossed the room, noting the picture on the beside table next to John's body. The wedding photo they'd kept in the living room. Not stolen. Moved in here as a last reminder. Sherlock, thirty-four, looking triumphant. John, thirty-nine, laughing at something said off camera. Forty-five years.
“I could say the same of you,” he murmured, eyes dropping closed as John adjusted his angle slightly.
, Sherlock. You invented this job."
"You think my brother is helpless?" Sherlock asked, arching an eyebrow. "Asking me was a means of taking the work away from him. Simplifies his life while complicating mine."
"You'd like something to do."
"Yeah, well, he's not you, is he?"
He pressed down with his palm, brushing over the damp spot at the head with his thumb, swallowing a tiny whimper. John dragged his first two fingers up, pressing on either side of the head, and tugged lightly. Sherlock came with a quiet, startled gasp, and John swept his thumb over the damp spot again, humming against his partner's lips as Sherlock shuddered.
Sherlock gave him a mock glare but subsided with a small shake of his head.
"The coffee is infinitely better," Hassard replied, sending John a cheeky grin when he snorted. That
. All of his intelligence – MI5, MI6, even several helpful CIA, CSIS, and ASIS agents, had sworn they had identified and captured them all.
There were a handful of wrapped gifts under the tree already, too. And not just his. Sherlock's wrapping jobs were always precise and careful. John had initially expected haphazardness from his husband, but he'd been wrong.
"Family holidays! He
people here and put
Sherlock's hand tightened hard around John's and he swallowed as if steeling himself. John could see him struggling now and glanced quickly at the nurse, who had seen the same thing.
He almost swore at his partner – the surge of anger over the risk to his instrument swallowed
"He's been telling us where he's from," Sherlock explained, feeling a sudden rush of adrenaline. He laughed, ignoring John's glare, ignoring Mycroft's cutting look.
"Which you just happened to hear about," Sherlock commented.
He and John had been together for three years. Sherlock could scarcely imagine losing interest in John. The doctor had
"Those three. None of the others."
"I don't want to go for a walk."
"Nope," John agreed, pulling the covers down; Sherlock reached instinctively for them, chill air brushing over his skin.
"I can wait," John assured him.
The idea of an uninterrupted day with Sherlock made John smile into their kiss; Sherlock hummed in approval, fingers trailing up and down John’s spine.
out of the ordinary, to make the cover more realistic.
"Ah, you so you admit it," Sherlock said, finally looking up, grey eyes dancing.
“With pleasure,” she replied, flashing him a grin before she was gone. Lestrade sighed again, this time more deeply, resigning himself to the report in front of him.
He felt Sherlock's thumb move from his palm to the back of his hand, tracing slow circles. Sherlock let out a deep breath and shifted slightly so that his face was turned a bit more toward John's. The doctor could feel the upper curve of Sherlock's nose against his temple and the faint whisper of warm breath against his cheek. He stayed where he was, silent and attentive. The waves and their quiet breathing remained the only sounds and John felt a bit more of the tension he was still carrying ebb out of him.
He pushed past her, uncaring, shouting Sherlock's name and running now, the beam of light cutting across Sherlock's faint footprints, the ones that only led into the building and upward. He tried to see their images reversed, overlaying the original ones, but the trail wouldn't lie to him.
"Harry," John said. "Hi. What– is everything all right?"
Sam blinked, reached out, touched the colour in front of him. His fingers skimmed over soft upholstery. The couch, he was on the couch. He curled in on himself, cold. But he wasn't. The sensation was difficulty to identify – he was warm. Covered with something. He moved, curling his fingers over familiar fabric. The duvet? He could feel a pillow against his face. Not a throw pillow. Why was the couch the bed now?
The blurred feeling resolved itself into cold and the pinprick of a few distant stars overhead. He tried to move his legs but felt sluggish, heavy, cajoling his brain into working – he didn't think he'd lost consciousness. If he had, it hadn't been for very long. The knock had been hard but not hard enough; he wanted to reach up and feel his skull, to check if the sticky sensation was blood or just the haze of a mild concussion.
There were no cases of any interest or worth, but an Australian connection had sent an intriguing proposal for an experiment. It had potential, although he'd have to make a number of small adjustments to make it passably interesting.
Adjusting them took time, and he couldn't curl John's body up against his as much as he'd like without putting pressure on mending ribs and bruises. Still, it was comforting to have John's head resting against his shoulder, warm breath brushing his neck.
"I don't know, I kind of like you like that," she replied and kissed him quickly. Sam caught her face between his hands and kissed her back, leaving flour on her lips, then he snagged the towel and wiped himself off, clearing his throat to get rid of the floury taste in his mouth.
"What?" John snapped, wincing internally at the echoing pain that caused in his skull.
But he had no idea how.
There was an answering hum, the shock of pleasure reverberating through John's body, and Sherlock dipped his head, sucking hard. John fisted a hand into his hair, short curls catching between his fingers, not slipping free this time, and he tugged desperately, the only warning he could give in the split second before he pushed Sherlock down, coming with a shout barely restrained by gritted teeth.
"I see no reason to deny it."
John paused, shrugging lightly.
"Better?" John asked.
Then again, it could be argued that keeping a moment like this to himself was selfish, too.
"Lestrade'll be happy."
"Only because you refused to let me come," Sherlock replied, arching an eyebrow. "And you wouldn't have caught Hinton otherwise. Or at least, not so quickly," he amended, watching an angry retort die on the DI's lips. Lestrade shook his head, eyes still narrowed, but the familiar set of his expression relaxing around the edges told Sherlock he'd won – even if the admission came only grudgingly.
"No," he said.
"Yes," Bridget replied.
He did
did, and
was where the connection lay. A mystery author whose own life had been – until recently – a relatively placid read, ignorant of characters behind the scenes of his own biology.
get to weasel your way out of this one!"
For a single endless moment, John had thought the sinister, suited man meant Sherlock before realizing that "Mister Holmes" was reserved for Mycroft.
Mycroft's gaze slid to John; Sherlock curled his hands into fists, trying to quash the urge to strike, to keep John safe, because there was no threat here despite every sense insisting there was, that something was wrong, that John was in danger.
"Take off your jacket and shirt and sit."
At this, Donovan raised an eyebrow but Morgan shook her head.
By early afternoon on the third day, he was satisfied he had what he needed to make a start – nowhere near the information he wished he had, but if it had been easy to find, someone would have found it before him.
Needs to be something snappier.
, John thought wryly. The man turned slightly and John stiffened in surprise, certain he'd taken a picture of the house. He frowned, leaning forward slightly, ignoring the warning pressure of Sherlock's fingertips on his shoulder. Was that Riley's house? But he'd said he had a flat – and that hadn't been Riley who had answered the door, nor was it anywhere near the area he'd been mostly seen and, presumably, lived.
"You spent an hour trying to wash it out before I came home. We're just spent another… forty minutes on it. It's not going
"If I eat it, will you leave?"
“All right,” Sherlock sighed. “I need to make a call.”
"You will anyway," Mycroft said smoothly, and John smothered a reaction, fisting his good hand to displace the urge to throw something.
role in that.
, he thought.
"Of course," the doctor replied.
It wasn't going to Mycroft (at least not directly) and if it helped the police sort out the rest of this mess before Sherlock was recovered, so much the better.
"Thanks," John said. He stood slowly and half limped into the kitchen to fix himself a cup. It was sheer relief to lean against the counter and sip it slowly, feeling the heat chase away some of the aches in his muscles. Eventually he felt motivated enough to make some toast for himself. No chance of having Sherlock assume his normal breakfast duties, but John was willing to let it pass given the events of the previous day.
"The mug?" he prompted.
"I don't mind showering."
The word 'betrayal' had come to mind but he wasn't sure he was right.
John didn't like the sound of Tricia talking casually about the possibility of her death, even though he understood the necessity. One couldn't have a child without considering these contingencies.
He had a sudden image of Sherlock on their island, dozing in the hammock that was slung in the shallow water under the shade of several trees, fingertips dipped into the water from when he’d been trailing his hand through it before drifting off.
“Irene’s going to hate those,” John pointed out.
One day in early February, he arrived to find a bustle of nurses and doctors inside Riley's room, along with Charlotte Morgan. She met his eyes through the door's window and stepped outside, gesturing him away from the constable who had cleared John easily enough – they all knew him now.
"Yeah, well," John said, failing to keep the bite from his voice as he dropped his bag, heavily, onto his desk. "That's what happens when you accidentally drug your boyfriend and have to make an emergency midnight phone call to a famous former opera singer."
He'd been wrong about any lingering anger on John's part. Sherlock might have been annoyed at how expertly John had played him, if he'd had any energy left for it. As it was, he couldn't be bothered to muster the response, still half lost in a blissful haze, sated by John's smell and taste.
But it wasn't a toy, it was a terrorist. The word made John feel unsettled again. Not angry. Confused. It didn't add up – but Morgan knew Riley. He'd been arrested in Dublin eight years ago. She had files and confessions and evidence.
"Mm," Sherlock hummed, stretching languidly, squirming when John pinched his hip. "It's supposedly very good for your cardiovascular system."
"I'm forty-five," John said. "It's a bit old to learn another language."
John was surprised by the complete lack of police cars in front of the building when the taxi dropped him. The place had been cordoned off but instead of the cruisers with their flashing lights and the familiar uniformed officers, the building was surrounded by Royal Military Police vehicles and the perimeter was being guarded by Redcaps, all of whom eyed him suspiciously as he approached the barrier.
"Oh," John said, feeling a mild flash of surprise. "You didn't have to wait for me to wake up if Lestrade called–"
“Presumably they give you updates. You are, as you pointed out, paying them a lot of money.”
"Police investigation. You don't like my methods, you can go home. Besides, Greg'd kill me if you ended up dead – or worse – on my watch."
"Good morning, dear," she said. "What can I get for you?"
John jerked away abruptly, violently, and there were hands on his face before Sherlock could react, pulling him into a bruising kiss. Sherlock nearly lost his footing, struggling to keep his balance despite conflicting reactions at the sudden intensity, the shock stifled almost immediately a stab of lust that burned across his nerves when John growled, a primal, predatory sound.
“I’m sure he’d like to think he does,” Sherlock sniffed. “That’s not the account we’ll be using. I’ll pack your things.”
Sam fell silent, glancing at the dog again, reaching down to pet her lightly. Sherlock crossed one leg over the other and leaned back in his chair slightly, letting the silence stretch out and leaving Sam to play at ignoring him for a few minutes. He did not miss the tension that had crept back into the younger man's shoulders.
"Who?" Sherlock demanded.
"He's come out of surgery as well and just went into recovery. His surgeon expects he'll be in the ICU overnight. Then to a private room when he's ready."
John clicked off the lamps, keeping an eye on Sherlock to make sure the sudden absence of light didn't wake him. When the flat was bathed in darkness, he sat down on the couch, leaned forward, and wrapped his arms carefully around Sherlock's torso under his shoulders.
When they made it onto the plane, he sank gratefully into the (relatively) generous seat, thankful that Sherlock had insisted Mycroft foot the bill. The attendants in the small business class cabin were more discreet than the other passengers had been in the terminal, but he caught a couple of knowing looks regardless.
"Bad enough when we have a missing person," Lestrade finished. "Missing corpses? That's nothing but fodder for the tabloids."
“Well,” Mary said, digging into her eggs, “I suppose he’s a busy man.”
John read it again, then smoothed his thumb over the words. He stared at it a moment longer, remembered trying to convince himself out of the ill-conceived crush on his flatmate, remembered telling himself to move on, remembered the detective sneaking into his room in the middle of the night, ostensibly because he couldn't sleep. They hadn't slept much that night at all.
It went both ways.
He certainly seemed to now.
"I assure you, Mister Holmes, if I had any living siblings, I would know about them. I've been thorough in tracking those close to me, and I'm disinclined to overlook details."
And he knew as he said it that she'd be Sherlock's dog first and foremost, but she'd also be
, because there was something behind the pale eyes that they shared that gave away his ire – and that sparked the same in Sherlock, accompanied by that infuriating powerlessness, the knowledge of wisdom and intelligence he'd never achieve, whose absence was held over him, held against him like a character flaw.
John leaned forward again, pressing a kiss against Sherlock's spine between his shoulder blades, tracing two slicked fingers along the cleft of arse cheeks, feeling the flutter of muscles as he passed over the hole. Sherlock pushed his face into the pillow, breathing hard, and tried to spread his bound legs further as John traced the entrance teasingly.
She glanced away, her eyes sweeping over the living room, then back.
“There are three of us, and you are well aware of that.”
"And you couldn't say that to me. You couldn't say 'John, treat me normally'. You couldn't do that. Instead, you started smoking and you didn't tell me. You lied, Sherlock. Because it was easier for you."
He stopped abruptly when the beam from the flashlight illuminated her face enough for him to make out her features – even with the gag obscuring half of her face, he could see the differences in the outline of her cheeks and temples, the shape of her eyebrows.
He wasn't used to seeing such enthusiasm from a client. Nervousness, tenuous hope, desperation, a mix of all three… but not excitement, like a kid at Christmas getting exactly what he'd wanted.
She needed to get close to John, to get that way into Sherlock Holmes' life, but she needed to keep either of them from seeing it that way.
Sherlock shook his head, eyes darting away briefly.
"You found Kelsi Murray's body."
And, given that he'd been shot, Mary doubted very much it would be difficult to find some way of applying pressure to him.
"No, it's really not. Remember, jokes aren't your strong suit."
"What?"
he asked, opening his eyes again. The laptops and the book sat mutely in front of him, offering no answers. Sherlock had attempted to find some link to Murray but even if this were directed specifically at him, Mycroft had put guards on him immediately, before Sherlock had arrived at Laurence's flat. A quick argument with his brother had ensured the same security for Inspector Anna Anderson and her daughters in Edinburgh. They could take no chances.
The distance between John and Sherlock seemed suddenly like a gaping vacuum, expanding irrevocably, leaving the detective abruptly and completely at Adler's mercy.
Sherlock's eyes narrowed hard.
Where did the stories fit in? The nursery rhymes from this time and last, the fairy tales, even the legend of the Greyfriar's Bobby. In Edinburgh the stories had led them places – but not all of them. Was this ridiculous rhyme supposed to lead him somewhere now?
Drunk and raucous soldiers had been equally as likely, of course, but there was none of that here.
2 June
"Who said he was?" John opened his mouth, but a raised hand forestalled him. "The disguise might not have been to fool the occupant of this house, but to fool whomever else might be watching. They may have been intending to meet."
"And you weren't at home sleeping, given how quickly you arrived and your questionable attire."
He wasn't about to let it happen again.
, and you think I’m angry at
"No!" Sherlock exclaimed forcefully, grabbing John's right shoulder, keeping him there. "John, I didn't tell you because you are the
"Well at least
"It can't be all bad," Harry pointed out with a smile.
Sam didn't respond to Sherlock's comment and John met his eyes. He had the look of a man who was facing several sleepless nights and who was all too aware of it. He gave a curt nod and Sherlock breezed past, dragging John in his wake.
That is in many ways both what I was and was not expecting. At least I had the sense to deduce who you were thinking of before you said this, so I can ask the right question. “Mary? How so?”
“It was – Sherlock, were you being sentimental?” That sounds borderline rude, but John’s too surprised.
, Sherlock, not sitting in the darkness –”
"You killed my best friend," he said. The realization tore through him; he felt fractured and desensitized with what had fallen into place. "John -"
“It's okay.” That's very weak, I hadn't planned on saying that but it just sort of slipped out. I can do something better, something I feel to my bones should be good: I'll put my left hand on his arm, my right on his back – that one's slid quite naturally up to his neck, the other to his shoulder. I'm holding him and nothing's ever felt just this right or this devastating to me before. My robe's getting wet, it must be uncomfortable for him to put his face in the fabric, I'll lead his face up to my collar and hold him there. It's overwhelming, it's overwhelming. My chest's aching, John. It's aching like mad.
The screen went dark. Sherlock's gaze shot to Mycroft for the barest second, looking to see how he was standing; he caught a glimpse of his brother's eyes, wished for a glimpse of John's.
You came, took your coat, and went back out to do whatever it is you're doing. Seeing you walk around isn't as painful until it is. I sometimes consider leaving this out for you to read before I realize that you probably know I write it, and you've probably read it, and you don't need the extra incentive: It would just be desperate. I know I am already desperate. It's a wonder we're still in the same house. I count my blessings and feel like a young girl, stranded between her pride and the dissolving love of her life. Every time I catch you walking you look a little thinner, like the shade of a shade of something unreal. I'm going to talk to you soon. I know exactly how many months it has been. I can move my saltmine of a body. I love you. I'm going to come to you myself.
“Something interesting. Explain.”
John's response was swallowed by Mycroft's reappearance, a few guards with him carrying a stretcher. He motioned for Sherlock to place Eurus on the white cotton. The woman's fingers had tightened on his clothes with death; painstakingly he freed them, laying her out as carefully as possible. He didn't know why this had suddenly become so different, or his actions so tender. It bothered him.
“Tell me what you meant.” John squints, so Sherlock goes on. “That night. After you shot the cabbie. You said it – helped.”
"That's alright," John repeats. "It's okay."
"Sh," he says. "It's alright." His doctorliness overrides everything else. Sherlock is stretched flat on his stomach on his bed, manouevred there by John from his slouch on the sofa, a move that was very awkward and has left them very stilted. Sherlock seems to suspect something very undesirable on the horizon, which John wishes he could say he never has brought around, but it would be a rather big lie, he thinks.
I sit down and remember exactly what happened that night sometimes. I am doing it today. You said: Nothing. You had on an expression that I didn't understand. I said I want you to be direct with me. You said I don't want you. That's what you said, and I didn't get up, I didn't think, I didn't think why you told me that, and you said it so coldly, you're like an iceberg Sherlock, like a glacier, catching the light in your caverns, your jagged ends, the fogged morning sun washing your insides blue. You are the most incomprehensible and beautiful thing I have ever seen and will ever have the privilege of seeing. You were so cold that I didn't think the reason you left was my indifference. Sherlock, I've never been indifferent, not for a moment, you know I would die for you. You know I would suck each one of your fingers. I didn't realize that the reason you left was that I pretended to be indifferent, I never admitted a single thing, and you told me you didn't want me, as if that would make you safe. That bit didn't save anyone but leaving might have done you good. It did me very bad. I don't know why I wanted you to be direct, I knew nothing good would come out of it, and you're always direct, it was a useless sentence. I'd rather you'd ignored my irrelevance than depart because of it. You are every nerve ending and every sound in the night. I want you to eat my bones.
“Yeah, so I gathered.”
Each time they see one another it is Odd in all senses of the word. Once, very inadvisably, John lets his hand wander over Sherlock’s nipple as they sit together, as Sherlock tries desperately to look through John’s forehead into his brain and John notes with pleasure that he no longer calls the man before him New Sherlock in his head. Sherlock’s lips part and his brow furrows, and he says, distinctly, “You’re not going to let up until we have sex.”
"You got what you wanted," he told her. "You've seen what I think of him. You've stopped me from dying. But John is still here, which is just as well - " He stared right into Eurus' inexplicable eyes. "If he had died, you would never have left this island alive."
“What do you mean?” he asks, as fairly as he can.
“Because I knew,” John says with difficulty, “that each day I saw you I would remember Sherlock Holmes as he was, and each day I would know that that Sherlock Holmes loved me and I never did anything, I never reached out to him, and then he tried to die for me. And I couldn’t even blame this Sherlock Holmes, because I would love you too, and see you knowing what you used to be, and not being able to be that person again, and I thought seeing that would kill me because I loved you.”
Self-centered infatuation. Will pass.
"You haven't touched me."
“Why were you afraid?”
“I have never loved anyone like you,” John says, looking into Sherlock’s eyes for what seems like the first time in ages. “You gave up the most precious thing in the world for me, but I loved you before that. I loved you enough to kill for you, to die for you, to endure exasperating solitude because that was who you were. And then,” he grits his teeth, un-grits his teeth, looks at the floor, looks at his face, “then you did me one better and actually got yourself shot for me, protecting me.” He lifts his gaze from a nearby clock and fixes it onto Sherlock’s, and Sherlock sees with some surprise that John is livid, his hands trembling with thinning control. “How could you do it, Sherlock?” he asks terribly. “How could you do this – for me? You thought it was for me, but Sherlock,” he looks at the wall, “I would rather be dead a thousand times over if it meant you were still here like you were, like you used to be here. Not because you were brilliant, although that was part of it – not only because you’re a genius, and you help people, and are a better – a better thing than I ever was, or could ever be. No, Sherlock, I wanted you to live because I love you, and I would give up suns and nights for you so you would go on doing what you did. I would go back and change things so I’d never have met you if it meant you would’ve survived it all. And yes, I know you did survive.” He makes an effort to look at Sherlock. Sherlock feels weird. “But I loved you so much I didn’t want you to, like this. I loved you then and I love you now. I was terribly afraid that I’d love you now. And God, Sherlock, I do.”
“Aren't I?”
“Did you always feel wrong about it?” Sherlock looks so incredibly mild that John finds part of himself deciding with absolute certainty that he must have had sex with Irene. There is no other way that he could be this neutral, or so deftly tread this line between shuttered and permissive. John thinks he will ask Irene, whom he finds he is reluctantly coming to trust, but he will only ask her once he’s certain he won’t hate her for it.
"You killed her." John's voice was raw.
"That's not what you said."
"I've seen you," he whispered. "I've touched you before."
“Power?” Keen understanding flashes over Sherlock’s face. “Is that what you find in – John,” he says, “you’re afraid you won’t know which one of us is doing what, aren’t you? You’re afraid that you’ll be pitying me, or I’ll be pitying you, or that I’ll be vulnerable –”
John is staring. John is leaving the room. John is coming back. John is kissing him, and kissing him, and feeling like he is violating the privacy of an invalid, which hurts Sherlock. John is feeling like he is taking advantage of Sherlock, which is very disturbing, so Sherlock does his best to respond although it’s difficult because he hasn’t kissed anyone that he remembers and he doesn’t remember ever really liking semisexual touches.
"Do I?" Sherlock wonders. John's face is lit out with deep gold light. It has seeped through the rafters and the shutters and is now kissing his face very, very gently. "Yes, I do, I think."
"Look how brilliant you are," he murmured. "So bright, so painfully isolated. All alone in the sky." He knew from Eurus' mouth-tremor that this smaller prediction had been right, which was worth the exhausting monologue. "I can bring you home, Eurus." The words settled like lead in his throat and breastbone. "I'm just an idiot but I can bring you home."
John pressed his lips together. "Sherlock, let her down."
, and in response John bites his lips and mandible and groans
Mycroft tipped his head at him. Sherlock knew he was right, but something stopped him from doing as he should; it felt obscene, unthinkable to simply stretch her out like a child. He didn't want to place her next to John, and didn't want her head to rest on the floor. Mycroft's chin tightened. He walked slowly in his untried steps to the exit Eurus had used; his right hand was trailing the wall, as quiet and deliberate as Eurus had been in her movements only minutes before.
"He's mine as well," Sherlock says. "If you're going to miss him, we can know him together. It's not fair for me not to really remember him."
“He remembers getting shot.” Mycroft, usually so tactful, is now sparing John no detail, and the rawness of it all makes him want to capsize again. “He thinks he died. I asked him why he thought so, and he said it was like burning the inside of his head, ‘with something really hot that made me go hot too.’”
“Not as intensely. I –” John isn’t looking at him back. “I’m actually wondering if this affection, all this affection, is for you – or which you it’s for – I’m not very clever, emotions overwhelm me.”
Jan 26
I wish you'd look at my face.
"Only in feelings that aren't there," Sherlock explains cautiously. "Or things I know I've seen before. Your eyes are always very familiar. I think I spent a long while looking at them."
"It's time to let her go. Put her down."
“You're missing the point,” Sherlock said, voice growing harder. “You were there. When Eurus made me tell Molly I loved her. You were watching.”
Look, you left me. That's not how I'd have wanted to say it but there's no doubt that you did. Now I'm here and I'm sort of, waiting, you know, to see how badly I'm hurt, except I don't have to wait because I know, or I'd know if I ever looked at myself. But that's not the reason I'm writing. I will always tell you why I'm writing because I know you'll have deduced my point already, and I want to think of you with that walk-in glee you carry around, to set a foot or a toe into now and then when something your brain tells you is right. Of course I know the glee is never visible but it was clear enough to me. Dear God, I love you. I couldn't care less about being vulnerable Sherlock I love you. I love you more than I love myself and my arteries. I love you like I love the Chilean coastline, like I would love grains of sand on the floor of a cave. I would love you in the dark crawling with my wrist broken and I would love you if you took both my eyes out. You have taken both my eyes out. I love you more fiercely because you left me and that's all I can tell you today. Look, Sherlock, it's not funny anymore, so please come back so I can be nice and homely to you. Come back so I can tell you to shut up. Sherlock I will give you eight ounces of my skin if you come back. I will give you ten ounces. I'll chop off my hand at the wrist just you say it. Sherlock can you please come now.
“It’s different for me,” Sherlock says, which is repetitive but John’ll take it. “John, you – you help.”
“You’ll have to,” Mycroft says, studying his fingernails.
“I wasn’t thinking anything,” Sherlock says, surprising himself.
Sherlock placed a hand right at the nape of John's neck, feeling his life flood Sherlock's skin with wild heat. He would never allow it to fade. Somewhere in the world, safe and quiet, John Watson would have to exist with tooth and wineskin and his growing little child. Sherlock could not allow anyone to take this from him, but there remained those who would and could.
"Seven," Sherlock said coldly. He would not look at John. "Six."
It is cold because John has kept the inside of the car frosty, almost as if they are back in January with things crystalline before them, like Sherlock's hands, and his spun-glass cheekbones. April is not warm either, but John stops suddenly in the middle of nowhere and fishes Sherlock out of his seat where he seems melded to the coat and the door and the dark, and Sherlock doesn't ask many questions but his eyes are alive. John leaves the Belstaff behind specifically and notes that, even now, after spending so long inside, Sherlock goes out in tight shirts and tailored pants. He notes that Sherlock now leaves behind his suit-jacket, as if peeling off a useless shadow of his life. It feels much more appropriate, and once they have walked enough into the shortgrass he sits down somewhere indiscriminate.
John places his saucer carefully on the table, he places his cup carefully on the table, he stacks them up very neatly and looks back at his companion. Sherlock is not feeling well in the head. He has curled into a ball on the far end of the couch and does not speak when addressed; John is having a hard time feeding him.
,” John whispers, looking agonized. His fingers on the tabletop go still. “I’m so sorry you had to see that.”
John nods as if this is natural and leaves, but he pulls a little on Sherlock's hair as he does so. Wondering slightly, Sherlock stays where he is. He thinks that if he liked John before and he likes him now, John – he doesn't know what has happened. John is not pretty, except when Sherlock gets used to his face, whereupon it becomes rather nice-looking in a homey, old-timey sort of way. John, as a person, is not pretty either: Sherlock supposes he used to be kind and good or something, but now he's self-absorbed and erratic with a weird, infernal resentment. Sherlock realizes for the first time that John might not actually be completely sane.
"He thought he’d die," John argues. The guilt of years sags heavily in the pit of his stomach. "Not – not this,"
“Perhaps tender isn’t the right word,” John reflects. “Stolidly caring is better. I am spindly sometimes, you know – although nowhere as spindly as you could be – but I am, and I’m irritable, and self-indulgent. I’m a bad writer. You told me that, and I sort of resented it. I’m sorry that everything I’m saying right now is about me, but I don’t know how else to go on, and I guess you would have said that it’s because I think of myself too often. But that’s something you’d never have said. Back then I wasn’t like this, I wasn’t so – cloistered, and wrong in the head. You would have called me dependable.”
“So you shut yourself in a corner?”
“No.”
Mycroft shifted next to him. Sherlock felt every movement in the room with startling acuity. He knew exactly what Eurus was going to offer him and didn't want to take it; he saw John's face turn ashen and couldn't convince himself he shouldn't.
“Painful?” Mycroft looks very interested, and Sherlock sees that this interest isn’t pleasurable mild interest, or encouraging teacherlike interest, but hard and tense and focused.
“You keep doing that,” John said finally, looking over Sherlock's sharp irises. “Killing yourself in front of me.”
John gets up. He sits back down. He stares. Sherlock has walked in and is now surveying the blinds with interest, John has installed weird blinds instead of his good curtains, Sherlock is watching the room with such idleness that John itches. His eyes meet John's, and he smiles a soft, vague smile, replaced quickly by a shadow of his old, intent look.
“Somewhere in the head.” He’s stripping off his jacket, looking vaguely unsettled. Sherlock rather likes this expression, it’s good and startling, John’s neck short and vivid in the dusky light. He’s still looking at Sherlock, and Sherlock’s looking back, and John’s eyes have grown almost luculent.
“If he’s worse than what you’ve imagined him to be? Or better?” Mycroft raises an eyebrow. “What if he expects you to understand him? You will cope, John.”
“I love you,” John says, but he’s not looking at Sherlock as he says it, so Sherlock has a very keen sense that he is speaking to another someone who is not present. There are so many things that they are not saying. John is living the crushing disappointment of having fulfilled a longtime desire, only to find that it wasn’t how it should have been and now can never be as he has wanted it to be. He is torn between resentment, surprise and frustration at this turn of events, and feels that he has attempted to fish out parts of the old Sherlock from this new, crusty husk of his semilover. He misses the life in old Sherlock untellably. New Sherlock knows that all is not right, and that John intends never to really touch him again because of reasons unknown (which are, in reality, that John is scared of disappointment folding back over him, and he is scared that his desires have been twisted into a new, unresponsive package that looks, but never feels all right) and now, knowing that John loves him, and that he wanted to touch his old self, and that Sherlock is not as contemptible as he thought he was, he resolves to get John to stop treating him as if he were fragile. He intends this to involve kissing.
"That sort of means I
“All the action. When do you go quiet?”
“Who was it?”
“To go quiet,” he replies, and knows John recognizes the words. “I need to take something – no, not like that,” he snaps, when John’s eyebrows shoot up. “I’ve got to let something inside. I need a case to declutter my head, understand? I need it to be sterile.” There’s been no other time that Sherlock’s spoken like this to another person. He’s saying most of it so John talks back to him, he wants to hear if this is what John means as well, but John seems to be rather loath to go on so Sherlock doesn’t push anything, just speaks until an interruption becomes likely. “Sometimes,” he says, “it feels like things inside my brain are rubbing against together. Small abrasions. I want to spill out all over something else as if I were very full and very cold.”
“I don’t know. I think he did.” Irene seems to be thinking about something, but he can’t figure out what it is, so he asks “Where is he now?” as neutrally as possible.
The memory is sudden and barely recognizable. The man takes up Sherlock’s mind, all of Sherlock’s mind, which is larger and sharper than Sherlock ever remembers it being, because the man is lying right there with his mouth partly open and pain shoots through each nerve of his formidable body, unrelated to the shrapnel in his palms. He mouths a word, a nice round word, but he can’t remember what it is only the feeling of what it was and nothing else, he takes this face and bends his shoulders right over the man like a big cage, like a vulture.
"And what if I can't?"
“I’m really not,” he attempts. “I don’t –”
John keeps staring, then catches himself and looks away. “That,” he says, “is exactly what you would have said.”
When Mycroft comes again it is Monday, the twelfth of February, as he makes a point to tell John each time. John stopped keeping track after the second of January, last year, and does not appreciate the reminder that he has been perfectly insulated from the world for thirteen months. When Mycroft comes this time, however, he leans heavily on a highbacked chair and says “He’s started to remember.”
“Did you like it?” Sherlock thinks for a moment. “What goes quiet?”
“You don't like Mycroft.”
"Obsession is a good word," Sherlock replies, and John laughs.
“What happened then?” There is an unusual gleam to Mycroft’s eyes.
“Being in love,” Sherlock says after a moment, “is different from falling in it.”
I don't know how I'll come to you.
John looked at him, forehead wrinkling with emotion. It seemed that the aide had fled upon Eurus' death, for which act Sherlock could not blame him. He was now alone in the cool room with John and his dead sister, whose blood was pooling onto the white floor like tar. It was such a dire waste. Sherlock's throat hurt at having her had shot in the head, but it wouldn't have been a quick death otherwise.
“You think this is a good idea?” John feels as if he has been sectioned and scrambled and each fissure is now dry and terrible. “What if he’s overwhelmed, being in here? What if he sees me and remembers how he used to be? What if – ”
"No, we're not," he amended. "You're so much better than I am, Eurus, so much brighter. You've shown me personally, hurt me and watched me until I grew sterile. Nonexistent glass, a perfect metaphor," he said quietly. "Oh, you're abominably lonely. You only want to be moved."
But – what? He's doing that thing again, making me think we're talking about something when we really, really aren't. How did we come to this again, John? Don't you
“Really?”
John sucks in a breath. Sherlock stops. John tugs harder on his hair and Sherlock’s lips fall open, closing tightly around his skin, the webbing of John’s hand, as John yields his entire left palm to Sherlock’s attentions. He realizes he is not very present in the moment, whereas Sherlock’s eyes are sharper than he has seen them for a long time. His canines drag over John’s skin in long, jagged burns. John groans. Sherlock turns his head to meet his eyes, damnfully lucid, and the look exchanged is clear and beautifully gray, and in the end John leans into kiss him, very gently – he is pressing his mouth against his. Then he sits down next to him, gathers his long legs into his lap, and proceeds to talk to him about useless things.
“I threw a fit not to see you when you just began to get better,” John says. He is refusing to look into Sherlock’s eyes. “I was very afraid. I am no longer the man I used to be.”
Irene arrives, serene and luminous. She scatters her things all over the flat, which John has figured out she does to comfort Sherlock, and settles next to him on the sofa to touch the sole of his foot. Sherlock is unresponsive.
"Would he have done this?" Sherlock asks finally. John knows he's talking about himself.
“Neither am I,” Sherlock says. John casts him a glance, startled.
John wants to ask him for respite. He wants to call a break and take Sherlock in by increments, as if they were dating, and at one point perhaps allow him back his life again. But he has spent months considering, and the flat is Sherlock's flat as well, more so than John's, and John feels alarm at his all-consuming reluctance. He has all but ignored his flatmate for over a year for no fault but daring to love John openly. Chagrined, he says yes and moves over on the sofa so Sherlock might sit down, but Sherlock doesn't sit down, he just smiles like the sun.
“That is how you see it.” Sherlock’s tone brooks no argument, and John can’t get around to making any. “I will not have sex with you if you see it that way.”
Not Available. Observation Three: On both occasions, Sherlock Holmes regains his mental and corporal strength only after John Watson has returned and then guaranteed both his continued presence and his forgiveness. Conclusion: John Watson is the aforementioned romantic interest. It's child's play, John has to have understood it by now. My contrariness has produced stellar results, so I'll continue with that until he finally gets it. “That doesn't even mean anything.” Do go on and contradict me, I'll never be more glad to be proven wrong.
John feels overwhelmed with Sherlock’s acuity. This is insight into human nature that he can’t imagine old Sherlock ever possessing, but apparently he did possess it, stowed into some remote corner of his brain where it would be stifled by intellectualisms. “That,” he begins.
“So what about you and me?”
John turns around with a peculiar frown, letting his weight sag onto one elbow on the table. “What?”
His body was too close to Sherlock. He must have been moving right before, coming towards him with ill purpose. Sherlock turned, head hot and wild, to see where the bullet should have come from to hit John like that. There was a slot in the wall, he saw, angled just so against his friend's small body; the anger built up inside him, shuddering hard through the inner shell of his white skin. Distantly he knew that it had only been John's final move - a lunging step towards Sherlock, taken upon split-second decision - that had saved his life. He felt the strong urge to shoot the slot, but that would be terrible strategy; he would have to get John out of here alive, no matter how furious he was, and it called for better thinking than this. Sherlock moved quickly to the wall, knowing that from his position on the ground John would be safe at the present moment, and held out the gun to Mycroft. "Disable it."
“Yes, you do,” he says, hating how stupid it sounds. “You hate me because I’m not like I was. It’s okay, I understand,” he adds. “I hate me too.”
"There is no glass." He raised his hands to his head, getting slowly to his feet. He felt like he was standing off in the desert night, his knuckles eaten pink with cold. "Eurus."
Feb 3
That was inaccurate. "It was in our flat. I said I didn't see why she should still be upset."
"Why?"
"Can I live here?"
He looks at his brother’s left temple, shot gray with coming age. He has spent so long in here watching Mycroft or Irene or Mycroft that these things look sharp and specific to him, luminescent in a deep, thick water that feels like his brain shrinking over itself.“Then I died,” he says.
John presses his mouth together, and suddenly looks very, very old. He turns and leaves Sherlock in the semidarkness, to wonder at his wild luck as the boredom seeps slowly out of him.
“I thought you were out,” John snarls, almost to himself, banging things down in a way that wreaks havoc with Sherlock’s brain-shell. “With one of whomever doing god-knows-what, but
“I want you to keep touching my brain until it really splits open.”
"I assure you, John, Sherlock was well cared-for by her during your voluminous absence. He is in no danger."
John’s tone is measured. "What?"
“You had a right to say them.” Sherlock bit down, then went on quickly. “You were going to die in the well, John.”
"Yes, maybe," Sherlock concedes. His arteries look positively exquisite with the neck of his robe tugged low at is. He knows he has always been delicious, but John seems to have taken badly to his new openness to touching, the notion of an approachable Sherlock disturbingly alien to him. "I do not mind seeing you again. But later." He casts around for better, heavier words. “Later.”
"I can say what I please. I meant to kill him."
“I loved it.” Sherlock is beautifully stretched out on the couch in one of his many poses of languor, but recently he seems to be preoccupied as he does so, pensiveness settling into the usual vacancy of his face. John wants to tell him that it’s alright, he still loves him, and he wants Sherlock’s realness to hatch in him again, as it had with the kitchen table along the hard line of his ribs and Sherlock’s eyes clear as glass. He remembers feeling irradiated from head to hip, the dim sunset glow of something barely familiar pressing kisses to his stomach lining. Then he takes hold of Sherlock’s curls and tugs, the heel of his hand digging into the ridge of his skull, and Sherlock pushes the back of his neck into John’s wrist and makes a noise that sounds good, and fair and certain. John pulls his hair well out of his skin, and Sherlock tips his head each way in tensile pleasure, and bites the pad of John’s thumb where it’s hanging loosely towards his mouth.
Sherlock missed a beat. He ran one finger down the length of his own thumb. "And you told me it was Oscar Wilde."
"Can we trust her?" he insists to Mycroft, who looks increasingly bored. Mycroft now shows some emotions to John, although John suspects them to be cleverly-manufactured expressions that indicate to him what Mycroft tires of stating.
He hadn't even touched him.
“You’ve bought the wrong kind,” he whines, his voice so unnatural in the room that for a second he stops and thinks about what his life was like before this. The walls are also white. They’re as white as glass, really, which Sherlock remembers having cut himself on once, looking at the soft round face of a small small man –
He led John down into the flat once again with his hand still burning, swollen with the knowledge of what he should do. "Then," he said quietly, "we'd better go and see my sister."
Sherlock considers this. "It doesn't sound right."
"I'm not going to give you one. I'm sorry I said that, I'm bad with endearments. I just – come here."
He realizes that must have sounded pathetic, or threatening, or both. "I mean you shouldn't leave Baker Street," he explains. "You've been away long enough as it is. I'll find someplace else to sleep."
"She was as real as Eurus herself was." Sherlock looked forlorn.
When he comes back to himself Mycroft is also in the room. He understands that this is because he called out to him, but Mycroft is not explaining patiently about the paints, and he is not giving Sherlock the dull half-eye that he always gives him. Sherlock can’t figure out this particular expression, so he sits down cross-legged and looks up into Mycroft’s face. He doesn’t think he’s an exceptionally nice man, because Irene’s always been nicer, but Sherlock always gets what he likes from Mycroft in the end whereas Irene doesn’t stay when he wants her to. So Sherlock can settle for fewer smiles.
“From a gunshot wound to the head? Mycroft,” John tries to keep his temper in check, but it’s a losing battle. He hasn’t expressed anything to this man over a year and he hasn’t expressed anything to anyone in years or whatever time has passed since Sherlock died. “Mycroft, he’s empty. He’s done. He used to have a brain and now it’s gone, Mycroft, and I don’t – I don’t know how –” He clutches his temples, right where he knows the bullet would have slammed into Sherlock’s hairline. “I can’t –”
, but it also means I can't tell him the truth now. The first of three possible outcomes of
He was surprised. "Why?"
“How do you know I liked those things? How could you remember what you – were like?”
He lay the back of a hand against his short neck and felt a hard pulse thump under his fingers. John was lucid. His eyes rolled over to look at Sherlock, who'd seen that he was alive midway to John's body, and had only touched him because it would make things solid. There was a minor cut under his left cheekbone and one of his legs would be unhappy for weeks, but John was well. That was good.
Sherlock makes a gesture that looks part impatient and part spiteful. “Interesting. Be interesting.”
Sometimes there are cases. Sherlock’s face goes closed, or still, or frankly exulted, and John likes it when he’s exuberant but he also likes it when he looks fried. And after each case they have a small ritual dinner where Sherlock does pretend to eat things and sometimes really eats things and John pretends to know him and sometimes really feels that he does. Once Sherlock asks John where all the women have gone, because even in the early days John had women around, and John says something about churlishness and toxic things but he doesn’t mention that Sherlock is very beautiful. There is a crook in his flatmate’s eyebrow that says
John casts around in his skull. “Yes. I think I am.”
“Do you want to go home yet?” Sherlock twists over himself to drink, brow furrowed. His legs are long and terrifically white against the dark lining of the sofa.
“I want you to make me feel myself,” Sherlock announces one day as John’s making coffee against another counter. They seem to have so many counters. John stops what he’s doing.
"Take her away," Mycroft muttered to the guards. "And bring another stretcher afterwards."
“I know I’m boring,” he goes on. “I feel it, sometimes, a gap where I know I once could have said or known or done something. And I can’t do it. My brain stops. I know that you used to like me for being clever, and sharp, and cold, and now I’m all round and fuzzy, I’m slow. I remind you of what I once was and you suffer, because each day I cannot do what I – I cannot be as remarkable.” He realizes he has talked for a long time, and internally prides himself on it. John looks old and sad.
"Why are you still on the ground?"
Now that sounds cheery. Well, maybe not cheery, but it's a far cry from offended, disgusted or betrayed, so I'll just respond in kind. Or perhaps not, I think it's time to move on with the conversation, I'll signal to him my utter disinterest in her while making it clear we're still in some form of contact. Life is, after all, just a really large compromise. “Oh, for God’s sakes. I don’t text her back.”
, he thinks,
“Just text her back.” John, give me more to work with. I'll have to produce another inane prompt now. “Why?”
"I do desire you." The words are clipped.
He paints, sometimes, using long wide strokes of the brush over large, white canvas, the colors burning into the back of his mind. Sherlock frowns sometimes, cocks his head, tries to really understand why they look that way, but it always evades him. And he doesn’t like frowning. So he stops.
When Sherlock first meets John he knows that if they start living together John will want to tell him
. And obsession is something Sherlock recognizes and can be comfortable with, so he nibbles back because obsession is good and easy, and they end up stroking whole bodies against each other.
I say I love you because, on one hand, I have a great vat of tenderness for you, and I use the other hand to draw from it as I would draw water from a very deep well. This tenderness is not always correct, but it is always present, and is not only a drive to make you scream, but also to see that you never have a trouble in your life again. I burn beside you at crime scenes. I run with you, I sit with you, I'm gruff and odd-footed but I have never been this desperate or this addled in my life. I am telling you all of this at the price of great nakedness. I have never spoken or thought this way. I love you because I feel you breathing in the next room. I think about your happiness and well-being. I know my actions have not reflected it in romantic terms before and I know I have been crude with your good and delicate bits but that's it, I am, very, stupid. In many ways I'm very mediocre. Please don't be repulsed by me when you learn.
“That’s surprising,” he says. It feels like they’re going through the motions, as always, because when Irene finishes her one glass of dry red she’ll worry her teeth through her mouth. The man’s beautiful, she thinks, but he’s
There's a good boy. I think he's curious, it's always best when John's curious, he tries things I'd never imagine. Well, that's not true, I would imagine quite a bit, but the way he tries them is nothing short of masterful. I'll keep my eyes lowered just so he doesn't sense what I'm thinking, which is a probable accident – I'm not in very good shape after all. “Talk about what?” Yes, there we go, let's draw it out.
"Yes," he says inconsequentially.
She was quiet as Sherlock waited for her. His mind slouched slowly into thought, almost involuntarily, old senses crowding his head in quick succession. He recalled the slide of Eurus' violin under his fingers, Irene Adler's theme rising thinly into the stillness.
, he thinks
Why do I keep misreading this conversation? It's still about her, not him and me or my theoretical lovers. But look at his face, it's ashen. I think the conversation's about
John's brow furrowed. "She wasn't real?"
"I'll tell you," John says a few minutes later, turning his head to face the window. In pours the light of dawn, red as pomegranate juice, painting Sherlock's cheekbones alien. "I will."
He exhaled suddenly as another thought occured to him. “John, you have a
"She wasn't a part of Moriarty," John said incredulously. "She wasn't a tool, the way Mycroft thought her to be. She was human."
"Adjusting to the change in scenery." John propped himself up, wincing, on an elbow. "Well, that was fun. I'm beginning to see why you do it."
” John says, and Sherlock wonders if he is stupid as well, as his name really doesn’t have to be said so many times in one conversation. “That’s – ”
“You know what I mean.” John turns to face him. “You are not obliged to be anything other than Sherlock, now, and hang Sherlock Holmes if he’s simply not around. It’s frankly ridiculous that I’m mourning him when he’s right in front of me,” he says quietly. “Sherlock, it’s alright. Just do whatever you like. This is my problem that I’m dealing with – I don’t expect anything.”
“He was dying,” Sherlock recalls. “Or something. I bent over him, you know, to stop the pain.”
“I saved you?” He shook his head, slowly, wonder creeping out through his skin again like hot water. “John, I've done anything but all these years.”
