“Maybe, but they sure as fuck heard it,” Dean chuckled, and Castiel glared at him.
"What did you have in mind?”
As though waiting for permission, Dean locked up, and Castiel could feel him erupt, come pulsing deep in his body, and coating his walls. Castiel moaned in satisfaction at the feeling, lacing his fingers with Dean’s and pressing them against his rapidly beating heart.  Dean panted into the nape of Cas’ neck as he clenched his ass and continued to milk Dean’s cock for all it was worth. The aftershocks had Dean trembling against Castiel, and as soon as he slipped free from his body, Cas turned to drape himself over Dean’s chest, burying his face in his neck. They were filthy and sticky and should get up and shower. Instead, Castiel tugged at the blankets with his foot, and Dean heaved himself up with a groan to reach down and pull them up and over their swiftly cooling bodies.
“Haha, you have not. I was a juvenile.”
“Okay. Okay, then why? Why did you kiss me, Castiel?” Dean questioned, solemnly and Cas shivered a bit at the rich sound of his full name from Dean’s lips. He took a deep breath. Now or never.
It always amused Dean the assumptions people used to make of their relationship when they heard how Castiel grew up. As if, because he was a preacher’s son, it meant Castiel would be this meek, virginal baby in a trenchcoat; that he would be quiet and repressed — which he had been, a little, but only in the beginning.
don’t talk about this stuff, but I’ve definitely mentioned guys I’ve dated before. Lucifer, for one. That guy who stalked me for a bit when I lived in New York? The one who came in every night and ordered my tiramisu?”
"Okay, so I'm going to say something, and I don't want you to get mad. Because I
“You saying you don’t agree?”
Castiel couldn’t hear what Sam was saying but he assumed he must have been alarmed by Dean’s response.
Dean supposed it would look strange to outsiders who didn’t know them; two grown males, not romantically involved, cuddling on the couch at the end of a long day. This was their standard, though.
, Cas, you’re so hot,” Dean panted raggedly as they both kept stroking, Cas’ cum adding to the slickness of the lube. Castiel groaned as he continued to pulse between them, squeezing every last drop from his spent dick. Cas buried his face in Dean’s neck, biting at the skin, harder than he meant to, but apparently, Dean was on board with that, coming with a harsh gasp of Cas’ name.
It was Jody who took Bela aside and explained the situation. Castiel listened, with half an ear as to how she would have been here sooner, but her husband—
When she finally looked at him it was with both defiance and fear and somehow, he knew.
-be,” she said, drawing the word out, ”that you’d want to come with me?”
“Tired, buddy?” Dean asked softly and Castiel nodded. “It’s late and we have work in the morning.”
“I think I’m all talked out.” His voice came out gritty and hoarse and again Dean felt a fissure in his heart crack open.
When Castiel sipped his own, the whiskey burned on it’s way down, but it was bracing.
“Oh please, if I was there you wouldn’t be able to flirt with Dean.”
“Unfortunately, that is a common trend in haunted houses,” Gabriel said, steepling his fingers. “When you start changing things, it kind of wakes them up. Spirits don’t like it when their familiar surroundings start to become unfamiliar.”
“One more thing, before you take me home. Where is my wedding ring?” Castiel watched as a smile slowly bloomed on Dean’s face, radiant in its brilliance. Dean tugged a chain from around his neck. On it was a bronze amulet of the bull-man, a horned God. Alongside it hung a ring that matched Dean’s exactly — a wide silver band with a flat circle head, that was both understated and unique at the same time. Dean slipped the chain over his head and opened the clasp so he could remove the ring.
He and Gordon continued to wrestle on the ground, throwing punches and kicks to those who approached too close until the shots rang out on the roof of the place.
Dean was pushed into the room, feeling his heart pounding in his ears.
They drank pure milk and ate toast, maybe a little overdone, but it was more than what he received with Alastair. According to his Alpha, Omegas only ate once a day, and not exactly for breakfast.
He allowed himself to be dragged into the elevator and raised his hands to protect his face when he was pushed inside. He turned just in time to see the metal doors slam shut and Castiel appeared, his hair disheveled and his gaze intense, before him.
"Man, I don't understand anything of what you're saying and I hope you have a very good explanation prepared. But I'm going, of course I'm going" she replied and he couldn't help but release the air that he had been holding in his lungs.
He wanted to rest on the alpha and close his eyes, his scent was of worry and surely he was warm, but he knew he couldn't do that, so he concentrated on continuing to walk, one step after another. They were slow but that did not seem to bother Castiel who at no time hurried and matched his slow pace
Dean even complied, went along with it, and tried to move his feet in tune with the shoves of the Beta restraining him.
"You can eat" Castiel said, realizing what was happening.
He was terribly thirsty. The water he had been given by the beta had run out many hours ago, despite his attempts to drink it slowly. He went into the men's room and sipped from the tap as much water as he could. An Alpha entered the room and stopped dead when he saw Dean.
"Dean ..." he stammered.
"Alastair" Castiel corrected him.
Al atardecer, los clientes se habían ido. El gerente de Omega cerró la tienda. Muchos Alfas habían entrado durante la tarde, pero nadie se había acercado a donde estaba Dean, y eso de alguna manera lo alivió. El gerente le dijo que podía pasar la noche en este lugar mientras estaba encerrado. Dean estaba agradecido. Mañana, con energía renovada, podría continuar su camino. Tenía que encontrar a su hermano.
The two Omegas broke apart instantly, Dean felt his heart pounding frantically, and the metallic taste of blood in his mouth.
"Nice to meet you." Charlie released his grip on the Alpha and casually approached Ketch's desk.
"Can you do that?" Dean asked in return.
Dean shook his head. He was pinned to the floor, feeling tears running down his cheeks again.
Dean corroborated the existence of the gifts with a quick glance to his side.
He knew he had to keep moving away from Alastair, although no distance was far enough. He wanted to go as far as he could to make sure Alastair could never found him. He knew that the Omegas System would have been advised of his escape, would be searching, and would not be kind to him if they found him. He didn't even want to think about that. He preferred to die than to have to go back to the system or his Alpha. If that happened, he knew there was no chance he would be able to keep his promise to Sammy, and that was even worse than death.
"Let it go," roared the second Alpha, and Dean felt the floor wobble beneath his feet. He didn't want this mess, there shouldn't be so much chaos around him. If the System caught him now, he was in real trouble. He’d be blamed for causing two Alphas to fight each other, not to mention the general uproar caused in the gas station.
"Many Alphas buy their Omegas" he sentenced, in case she had forgotten about that.
"Dean, I helped you bathe and heal your wounds. That was several hours ago, if I wanted to hurt you, don't you think I would have done it?" He asked, widening his blue eyes and moving his hands in tune.
They were silently uncomfortable for what seemed like an eternity. Dean was waiting for the Alpha to do something, try to grab it, and forcefully claim it until he submitted it ... they were all ugly thoughts that were making Dean feel very bad.
"He will accept it. And then, you can come back here. ”Castiel looked very excited about the idea, but suddenly caught the scent of the Omega and stopped.
But here it didn't seem so bad.
"Not all the time."
"Dean, I'm going to find you. Don't give up ... Dean!" It was Castiel screaming, but a System officer prevented him from approaching.
He covered himself almost completely again, and Castel could smell his fear from anywhere in the apartment. Dean kept following him with his eyes, attentive to all his movements, as if he feared that at any moment he would call the System.
"It doesn't matter. He is a pimple on everyone's ass. He’s only here to annoy everyone and nobody stops him" Jacob continued.
Dean kept walking, stunned and confused. Why would that Omega mess with him? He didn't understand why one Omega would mess with another Omega to begin with. He’d never heard of that. Omegas generally helped each other. They knew how difficult life was, and did not seek to complicate it further.
"Who?"
Dean kept walking almost passively and because the others were pushing him forward, but he had no idea what the Beta was referring to. Until he came to a part of the Center where there were many numbered doors, and there was section 14.
He was shocked to see the Omega’s ribs bruised purple, and in some places a horrible teal.
He hid,in alleys and backyards that no one frequented, until he reached an end-of-way service station. When he looked down the road, he saw nothing, but knew it was dangerous for him to stay there. He hid behind a demolished building and watched as cars came and went. Many of the Alphas or betas drove in, left their vehicles, and entered the store to buy something. Dean had an idea, as crazy as the one that had made him get into the trunk of a bus a few days ago, but it was his best chance now. He had to keep putting distance between him and Alastair. He could get into a car, in the trunk, and head for some other city.
Castiel left his place and helped Dean into the bathtub. The Omega even complained, kept saying he had to lower Sammy's fever, and give him cereal with milk later.
Jacob left his place, and moved in  the small cell to stand on the other side of the bed.
But he made sure to bring pillows and more blankets, and left them nearby, assuring Dean that he should use them, and this time it didn't matter that it sounded like an order. He wouldn't allow Dean to get cold.
Dean nodded his head and squeezed his brother shoulder. Sammy was really making progress in all honesty. The green-eyed hunter knew in time, Sam would increasingly get better.
"Can and will," Sam replied, "See you soon."
Dean closed his eyes to hide away from the emotions he felt as he remembered what he and his angel shared. Those were  the best times. Before the Winchester was stupid to consider saying yes to Michael, before Sammy willingly jumped into the cage, before Castiel returned to Heaven, and before Dean decided to try to start something with Lisa. It was a time the hunter wished he could go back to; a time where everything seemed so easy and right.
"Dean must be inside that room," Sam deduced.
“Would you just get down to the point of why you wanted to meet?” the hunter demanded.
Dean blushed violently before he wrapped himself in the bed sheet. Once he dressed semi modestly, Dean once again asked, "What are you doing here?"
“Please stop,” he begged in a broken voice.
Castiel chuckled, "Somewhere you can't find him. Dean is mine now."
Sam sighed and leaned back before brushing his shaggy hair out of his face. “Yeah, but he’s drinking so much. It’s just like he got out of Hell,” he complained, “And he won’t say a damn thing about it. It’s going to get much worse.”
Dean kept his attentions focused on the road. Occasionally, he would glance in the rear view mirror to check up on his younger sibling. His eyes didn’t linger on the taller male’s form for long; he did not want his baby bro to catch him. But Dean had noticed the guilt in Sammy’s hazel eyes. Dean firmly believed that Sam had nothing to feel guilty over. After all, Dean deserved what he got and more. Ever since Castiel’s decision to open Purgatory, the hunter felt so lost. He does not even know anymore why he still keeps going on and fighting. What’s the point anyways? The elder Winchester gripped the steering wheel tighter until his knuckles were white. He could not shake this feeling of dread that pooled in the pit of his stomach.  He hadn’t felt like this in a long time, and he prayed that he could keep Sammy safe.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I wouldn’t be so sure,” an unfamiliar masculine voice spoke.
"I'm close," Dean muttered as he thrust his hips to meet Castiel’s.
“The Winchesters are in the next town over,” the creature stated in a voice that lacked emotion, “should we make a move?”
"What is it Dean?" Bobby pleaded for answers, "No more lies or half truths. Please don't hide from us anymore."
Edgar commented, “You know what will happen.”
At that moment, the Impala’s engine roared in the motel’s parking lot. The demon and the hunter looked back at one another. Both agreed it was best for the demon to avoid being in the Winchester’s presence for the time being. Dean was liable to send Crowley back to Hell after what happened to his angel. “
The Winchester almost dropped his phone in shock. "Are you serious?" he exclaimed, "Where?"
Yes, the idea of leaving Castiel again was heart breaking, but Sam did not know what had happened in the last six months. Dean was not the same anymore. If Sam knew the truth...
Sam's lips trembled. He did not understand why his brother was refusing to leave. "Is this because of Cas?" he asked.
It was hard for Bobby and Sam to admit defeat. But what else could they call this? The Leviathan that was once Castiel left the two hunters alone in the motel room. With their tails tucked between their legs, Bobby and Sam returned to their current hide out. They still had no new leads on the Leviathans' locations or a way to stop them. It was completely and utterly hopeless. It disheartened the two hunters, who worked to successfully avert the Apocalypse, that they might have lost this fight.
"Sammy," he uttered as he leaned toward his baby brother.
Dean turned around when he noticed his brother’s unusual quietness. The sight of his younger sibling struggling so got an immediate reaction from the elder Winchester. Dean immediately put a comforting hand on Sam’s broad shoulder. “Hey, this is reality. He is not real,” Dean comforted while gathering his brother in his arms.
"Dean," Sam uttered in the same breathless tone as he too took a step toward his sibling.
Dean reached out and placed a hand on his lover's chest. "You know Sam isn't a threat to you." he promised.
“Hey Bobby do you have anything?” the hazel-eyed hunter asked.
Sam's eyes narrowed in frustration, but there was still confusion visible on his face. "I'm not leaving you again Dean," he responded, "Come with us." Sam offered his hand to his brother.
But what could they do? How were they supposed to stop the Leviathans. They killed Crowley, the King of Hell, like he was nothing. These creatures were far older than demons. So maybe there was not a way to kill them. With Leviathans spread out like they were, they could not just shove the monsters back into Purgatory.
Dean just stood there frozen and in complete shock. He did not know what to think, let alone what to say. It was unbelievable; Castiel was here, just like in his dreams. The words he still did not know what to say continued to elude the hunter. Here he was in front of the angel, and yet Dean could still not voice everything he was feeling.
Dean’s face paled;  Sam knew what Dean had done.
Remember this is a reimagining of season 7. I wrote this when the second episode of the season aired. I hope you guys like this!
Castiel shook his head. He turned to Edgar. "Take Dean for me please," he ordered his underling.
Dean was still too shocked to react. Sam was right here; his Sammy was standing right here before him. Finally the situation before him sprang the elder Winchester into action. "What are you doing here?" he asked for answers.
"Want to meet at diner by your hotel?" the Winchester suggested.
"You mean to tell me you never noticed how close those two were?" Crowley loved pouring salt in the wound.
Licking his lips, Dean explained. "I can't go with you Sam. He will know I'm gone." He reached for Sam's face. "They are better at torture than any demon. It's not safe."
Castiel placed his hand on the mark scarred onto the hunter’s shoulder. Dean gasped at the sudden tingling. Never before had Castiel touched the mark and caused such a sensation within the hunter. An unreadable expression could be found on the dark haired man’s strong face. Then that twisted smile appeared on his lips. Dean remembered that smile when the Leviathans first took over the angel’s body. Cas closed the gap between the two of them. Dean wasn’t sure if the man in front of him was going to fuck him or kill him. And truth be told, the hunter was terrified of both options.
“Dean…” Sam began, but he did not know what to say.
Bobby continued to use his peripheral vision to glance back and forth between the Winchester brothers. He was worried about both of the: Mr. Lost Puppy, and Sichzo Big Bird. And that was putting things lightly. But the aging hunter knew of nothing that could fix the boys problems at the moment. They were at an all-time high with crap they had to deal with. The greying man thought back to the problem at hand, those damn Leviathans. How to stop them was still a mystery. Hopefully Crowley was getting close to figuring out how to get those monsters back in Purgatory for good. Bobby silently prayed that the damn unreliable, self-appointed demon king was not pulling his chain. There was no doubt that former Crossroads demon was untrustworthy. But Bobby agreed with Crowley on one thing though, the hunter was sure those damn Leviathans were up to something. A few weeks ago, that one monster had the chance to kill the hunter, but it didn’t. Singer figured the thing was trying to send a message. But what was it, and to whom was the message for? He assumed it was one of the three in the car, but which of the three hunters in particular? It seemed like the Leviathans hated all three of them pretty equally if the past encounters were anything to go by. But Bobby felt like he was missing something. There were so many questions but little answers. They needed the answers before it was too late, or else all will be lost.
If looks could kill, Sam would have killed Castiel twice over. "Where did you take him?" he demanded answers.
The deep eyes of Castiel stared at the broken hunter in front of him. Finally after all this time, Dean Winchester has returned to him. The former angel was not kidding when he promised the Winchester that he will be back for him. But the fragile human needed to be broken; Dean needed to surrender himself to the Leviathan so that he could remold the Winchester into what the monster wanted him to be.
"Do it Dean," Cas ordered, "Come for me."
Castiel moved closer to the Winchester. “I will punish you,” he vowed.
Once again inside the motel room, Dean was naked and chained to the bed. The chain was connected to a metallic cuff on Dean's left wrist. At the sight of his brother, adoptive brother, and the King of Hell, Dean shot to his feet.
Sam and Bobby shared a worried glance but did not say another word.  Dean meanwhile turned up the radio and drummed to the beat of Ratt’s ‘Round and Round’ against the steering wheel. His brother was right. Anything to escape his dreams would suffice, and Dean needed something else to focus on. Already losing Cas was bad enough, but now with him haunting the hunter’s dreams… Dean was not sure how much more he can handle.
Shaking his head, Sam reached for his brother. "Dean what are you doing?"
"I hope this reminds you of what should happen if you come after me and Dean again," Castiel warned before leaving with the other Leviathans.
A moment later, the waitress brought Bobby a steaming, hot cup of coffee. He muttered his thanks and blew off the steam.
"Feeding time," Edgar announced as he tossed his meal toward the table.
Meanwhile, Bobby checked his phone; he had one new text message. He opened the text before looking back at the Winchester boys. “Go ahead without me,” Bobby stated, “Find out who the witch is and use the spell.”
The Leviathan holding Dean smirked. “And how can you stop me?” Edgar mocked.
Dean inwardly laughed as he turned the page of the book he was reading. He and Cas had acted like two virgins who barely knew anything about sex. It was funny considering the hunter had never been nervous with anyone else. Hell, he wasn’t even that nervous when he first had sex. But then again, it was never as special as it had been when he was with Cas the first time.
The taller of the two moved closer to the other male. He so desperately wanted to comfort his brother, but Sam knew that if he tried, then Dean would just push him away. “You can tell me Dean,” Sam spoke in a comforting voice.
After getting the rest of the information, Sam hung up the phone and hit the gas. He was going to find Dean.
"Please Cas, don't!" Dean pleaded with his lover.
Crowley pursed his lips together. “Well…” he drew out the word.
“DEAN!” a familiar voice shouted.
Next thing the hunter knew, he was pressed up harshly against the wall. The only thing in his field of vision was the rage filled eyes of his lover. “You were the one who went to that whore!” the Leviathan’s voice was getting louder and fueled with untapped rage.
Still, there was nothing the humans could do as the Leviathans continued to take over hospitals and even break into the political world. The battle was over before it even began, and the Leviathans were going to take what was rightfully theirs.
A minute after the door the motel room closed, the three men sighed in relief. Their presence for the moment remained hidden, and they needed to come up with a game plan.
With those words spoken, Cas broke the bonds that kept Dean chained to the bed, and the two vanished leaving Sam alone to process what he just witnessed.
The tracking spell Crowley used transported the three men to another hotel. They had to have been in another state, but the hotel the traveled to was just like any nameless hotel the Winchesters frequented throughout their lives.
Sam look absolutely horrified. Here he was punishing the one person who always took care of him. Dean did not deserve this. Lucifer continued to evilly smirk like he already won the war.
Dean is taken to the Leviathan leader, and he is confronted by a face of the past.
Dean swallowed and looked into those eyes he always lost himself in. “Hey,” he replied in a cracked, weak voice.
Sensing that he was not alone, the hunter’s head snapped forward. A figure stepped out from the shadows, and Dean gulped. Suddenly he wished he was haunted by Amy.
Meanwhile, Dean still remained with the Leviathan that was once his angel. The Leviathan continued to twist Dean more and more, wiping away Dean's humanity. Dean and Castiel shared a meal together consisting of flesh and blood. Dean's hunger for human food dwindled down as the need for flesh and blood increased. It was clear to the former hunter that he was no longer entirely human. But he could not leave; no it was too late for that. The Leviathans played on his lingering emotions for the former angel, and Dean fully surrendered. He just hoped that one day Sam, Bobby, and even Castiel could forgive him.
“Sam asked me to,” the Winchester yelled back, “Besides, you weren’t around. You were the one to leave first.”
Immediately the attack on the hunters ceased. Both Bobby and Sam glanced around and spotted Dean and Edgar. Sam inwardly cursed. He knew his brother was going to something stupid, typical Dean.
“You betrayed me,” the Leviathan hissed in a deadly voice.
Edgar nodded his head. The smirk never wavered on his lips. “Very well,” he spoke before vanishing with Dean.
The green-eyed male was completely honest. He was sorry. It was his fault that he Cas turned out this way. Dean would give anything to turn back time and save the one person that owned his heart who was not blood related.
Both Bobby and Sam gasped at the revelation. Poor Dean... what did those monsters do to him?
. Dean was already hiding enough from his brother already. Sam just would not nut understand, so it was best to keep him in the dark. “Well what can I say, it’s happy hour somewhere,” Dean weakly responded before taking another swig of alcohol.
Dean closed his eyes and lost himself in the link. He could sense that he was no longer alone. His eyes shot open as dread filled him. Edgar was coming back.
Dean did not need to be told twice. Without a verbal response, he parked the car away from eyesight, so hopefully they would not be caught by any unwanted attention human or supernatural. Using years of practice, the three hunters snuck into the seemingly abandoned building.
"Oh god," he uttered as his eyes lingered on the chain.
The older hunter sighed before calling the number that texted him. “This better be good….”
"The nerd angel and squirrel still bumping uglies I see."
Castiel's jaw was covered in blood, and he still had a mouthful of his meal. He gestured for Dean to join him, and the ex-hunter was quick to move over to his lover's side. Castiel pulled his hunter to him and joined their mouths in a hungry kiss. Dean moaned as the Leviathan fed the blood to Dean through the kiss. The two licked the blood away from their lips and jaws when they broke away from their kiss.
Sam turned his head when he heard the door open. He offered a small smile to his brother. Rather than greet his brother, Dean grabbed his flask and took a large swig after dropping the bags onto the table. Though the younger Winchester knew his brother wasn’t looking, Sam glared at his sibling. Dean has been drinking a lot lately, more so than normal; it was just like when he got out of Hell. Sam knew his brother was hiding something, and considering all that has been happening, he hasn’t pushed the subject. But one way or another, the younger brother was going to get the truth.
Sam's eyes widened. "Dean and Cas?" he exclaimed.
Crowley shook his head. “What I found out it seems like a person,” the King of Hell responded.
“Maybe he just doesn’t think his basket case of a brother can handle his problems,” Lucifer put his two cents in.
When Cas's eyes locked onto Sam's hazel ones, he commented, "I see that you finally located your brother."
A frown formed on Nick’s lips. “You know ignoring me won’t make me go away Sammy,” Lucifer taunted.
A flash of fear glowed in the human’s eyes as he gulped. May God help him for what was in store for him.
*~SPN~*
Dean was well on his way through half of the bottle when Sam finally checked on him. Dean paid his brother no mind, and continued on his path to misery. He was tired of feeling; tired of all the pain that consumed his being. Hadn’t he given enough already? When will it be enough? Maybe he should just die now and be over it; it would be so much easier then living. But then Sam will be alone, and Dean cannot leave his brother alone. Not now, not when Lucifer is still making his baby bro his bitch. Dean still has his duty to keep Sam safe.
Once when Sam retrieved the information, he made quick work heading to the motel room door. He stopped at room '108' and did a quick scan. The curtains and blinds were drawn tightly shut on the one window beside the door. The hunter could not analyze the perimeter he was about to breach. It sucked going in blind, but he had no other choice. Pulling out his lock picking tools, Sam unlocked the door and quickly entered inside.
Dean took a swig from his flask that he recently refilled with whiskey. “Yeah,” Dean responded in a sullen voice.
And Dean was one to follow orders. With a shout, Dean came untouched, shooting his seed across their bellies. Castiel followed his lover over the edge and filled Dean with his seed. After the aftershocks passed, Castiel placed soft kissed along Dean's collarbone and jaw.
With a sigh, Sam moved away from his brother’s still comforting presence and headed to the cabin’s kitchen, or rather what could be called a kitchen. The fridge was broken, the sink was completely rusted, and the table was barely standing up. But Bobby managed to sit there with his books piled on the old wooden table. The Winchester sighed and took a seat across from his adoptive father figure. Like Dean, Bobby did not acknowledge his presence by looking up from the old, slightly smelly book. Sam cleared his throat; he needed someone to voice his worries to. And since Dean was out of the question because it was about him, that left only one choice.
“Are you guys finished? Because we found them,” Bobby interrupted as he waved his cell phone at the brothers.
It was glorious to see the Great Dean Winchester on his knees in defeat.
Dean moaned at the sensation and threw his head back. Cas bent forward and sucked on his lover's offered neck. He reached for his own member to hold it steady as he slowly fed his cock into Dean's greedy hole. Dean's hands shot to Castiel's shoulders, and his fingers dug into the meaty flesh of Castiel's shoulders as he was slowly filled to the brim.
“Just get on with it,” Bobby nagged with a roll of his eyes.
"Might want to cover up squirrel," Crowley commented with amusement.
“After everything I have done for you, the only return I get is betrayal after betrayal,” Castiel lowered his voice as he moved away from the insufferable former hunter.
Dean knew it was too late to sneak the three of them out of the motel. Besides, it was not like he could get to the door anyways. "No time," Dean responded, "Please get in the closet."
For the last six months, Dean wanted nothing more than to see his brother again, but he still had to keep Sammy safe, which superseded his desires. "I can't Sammy."
Sneering, Castiel jerked Dean's head to the side and was quick to take a bite from the meat of his shoulder. Gasping in surprise at first, Dean closed his eyes and allowed Cas to feed off of him. This was something the former hunter had gotten used to these past few months. "I will not let him take you from me," Cas warned when he finished feeding.
"Will you be there in an hour?" the elder hunter agreed.
Hunting instincts kicking in, the elder Winchester spun on his heels. But he was too slow. Whoever it was, hit the hunter hard across the face knocking him out instantly, face first, onto the cold floor.
"Wanted to check in. Heard you and moose got a lead on squirrel?" Crowley began to explain.
Six months have gone by since Bobby and Sam returned to their temporary home without Dean. Six months since the idiot Winchester gave himself to save those he cared about. Couldn’t he see it was a trap? It was a trap all along. Bobby should have realized it. He cursed himself for not connecting the dots sooner. The attacks that always wounded the hunters but never killed him, and it did not help that it was Sam and Bobby who were facing the Leviathans. It was all a message to Dean. Chipping away at the already broken individual. Singer cursed himself for his stupidity. Dean was barely managing, and now he was the perfect prey for those damn Leviathans. The worst part of it was that if the Leviathans did not want to be found, they would not be found. It was not like demons or angels where there was a summoning spell. They were screwed.
Dean stared at the hand offered. Most of him longed to escape with his family, but it is too late for that. He flinched away from the offered gesture; his eyes lowered to the ground. "I can't go with you Sammy," his voice shook with the truth.
Dean licked his lips. He did not think his family knew about his relationship with his angel. "I wish it was just that," Dean admitted.
Dean bit his bottom lip. Oh yes, he knew. It had only been the focus of his haunting dreams lately. “I know,” he responded as he finally glanced up at the monster.
Both Crowley and Sam nodded their heads. For now, all they could do was wait. Hopefully, it would not be long until they could act.
Sam snarled. "Are you even still the same angel, or did you consume him when you took over his vessel?"
"I can feel them, all of them," Dean exclaimed.
"Cas?" Bobby's voice was filled surprise at the revelation.
Both hunters leaned forward in the booth.
The younger man rolled his eyes at the other man’s mannerisms. Some things never change, and Sam was grateful for everything that was Bobby. “Dean is drinking,” the hazel-eyed hunter started.
"Balls," the aging hunter muttered underneath his breath.
Castiel felt no restrictions. Once they were alone, he moved into the personal space of his human. Yes, Dean was his and his alone. Castiel owned him. “Hello again Dean,” the monster greeted.
All of Sam’s attention was focused on the hallucination that was the devil. Lucifer, in Nick’s body, had finally stopped clapping, but the sadistic and mocking smile still remained on his lips. The devil’s borrowed blue eyes briefly glanced at the bloody figure that was Dean Winchester.
The green-eyed male was shocked. He did not know what to think. Castiel was so angry at him. The Winchester was not sure if he ever saw the angel as mad as he was now.
As Dean opened his mouth to respond, the door to the room opened. Inside walked Castiel, or what remained left of the former angel. Sam's eyes widened at the sight of his friend. But deep down, he knew this was not the Cas that fought alongside of the Winchesters.
Bobby coughed, and their two hunters averted their gaze to the enslaved man.
All mistakes are my own. I hope you enjoy the chapter!
"What do you mean Dean?" the younger Winchester questioned.
Sam's eyes practically jumped out of their sockets as he took in his brother's form before him. Dean was completely and utterly naked. More than that, the dark blond male was covered in bite marks and bruises that were in various stages of healing. The thing that made Sam Winchester sick was chain connecting Dean's left wrist to the bed.
The elder Winchester’s eyes were glued to the ground beneath him. He refused to give the Leviathan the satisfaction of seeing the defeat in his eyes.
Furthermore, those monsters still had Dean. Sam could not risk it all with his brother's life still on the line. Was Dean too far gone to be saved though? Even Bobby was beginning to have his doubts. Dean would do anything for those he loved, and the idjit loved that angel.
"Can you sense where Dean is?" Sam asked the demon.
Sam closed the gap between them and answered, "What do you think? I am getting you out of here."
Bobby and Sam glanced at one another. Perhaps this was it for the two of them.
*~SPN~*
The first aim of his fist was dead on. Dean’s face was whipped to the side from the blow. Another punch came, followed by another. Blood trickled down the elder’s bottom lip. Dean made no attempt to fight back or push Sam off of him. Dean deserved this; this was his punishment. If only it was more because he deserved so much more. Sam continued to yell and hit until he was out of breath. The heavy pounding of his heart rang in his ears as a side effect of the adrenaline coursing through his veins.
"Probably dinner time," Crowley hypothesized, "We should hurry before they get back."
"Do you love me Dean?" he asked as he looked into emerald orbs.
Dean stood up from the couch and stretched even further; god it sucked getting older. However, Dean could focus on a case. Anything was better than those blue-eyes that always haunted him. “Ok,” he responded as he turned to face his sibling, “what is it?”
“Well you wanted a simple case,” Sam put his two cents in.
Glaring at the demon, Sam demanded, "What do you mean?" A
Instinctively sensing he was no longer alone in the room, Dean was quick to open his green orbs. He blinked several times as he shook away the cobwebs in his mind. Glancing toward the door out of instinct, Dean came face to face with his brother.
“Did I mention I hate witches!” Dean stated with sarcasm dripping from every word.
The hunter blinked back the tears that threatened to escape. “What do you want from me?” he demanded an answer.
(See the end of the chapter for
They were here to find Dean, and Sam was not going to leave without his big brother.
Crowley, Sam, and Bobby watched as the two Leviathans swallowed their meal in quick bites. It was absolutely disgusting to watch the Leviathans feed, and watched as their jaws unhinge unnaturally.
Sam eyes swept the area all around him. He had to admit his brother was right. Didn’t look like there were any Leviathans here or ever been. Fuck! And the younger Winchester was hoping to at least knock those things back a bit.
"What happened Sam?" Bobby immediately asked.
“You better have found something,” Bobby uttered in a gruff voice.
"About an hour west from where your last hunt was Sam," Bobby replied.
The Leviathan that was once the angel Castiel invaded the human’s personal space until they could feel each other’s’ breaths on each other's faces. The hunter could see the rage swirling in the ocean of Castiel’s eyes.
As Edgar grabbed the Winchester, Dean began to buck in his hold. "No!" he shouted, "Don't hurt them, please Cas!" But Dean could say no more for Edgar vanished with the Winchester.
His ears picked up soft groans from the other room, breaking him from his internal debate. It was not Bobby, the old hunter slept like a dead man. Worried, Sam walked out into the other room.
The older Winchester knew if he turned around that he would get the full power of Sam’s irresistible puppy dog eyes. It was the one thing Dean could not say no to.
"No, but maybe we can follow thing one and thing two," Crowley replied as he spotted two Leviathans in the parking lot.
Sam nodded head. "We are going to save Dean, and stop those Leviathans once and for all."
Edgar watched the two hunters, the only human threat to the Leviathans' reign. As long as the hunters stayed ignorant, they remained safe. Their leader was whipped, and wished to keep the two humans alive to make his little mate happy. Edgar would rather his leader break the ex hunter completely.
Dean knew he was dreaming. He was back in that same meadow from his dreams of late with the same haunting presence standing a few feet in front of him. The hunter stared at the man with raw emotions gleaming in his green eyes.
Sam could not recall how long he stood in that empty hotel room. His mind was in complete disarray. From seeing his brother after months of searching for him to his brother's current state. Dean was so... Sam could not finish the thought more than different. Then there was the shocking revelation that Castiel, their angel, was still alive. Sam could not believe when his hazel eyes saw the trench coat wearing angel, who saved their lives countless of times. But was it the same angel who fought on the side of the Winchesters?
“Dean,” the younger Winchester called once more as he felt his brother shaking his body.
“You need to get that stick out of your ass and have a little fun love,” the King of Hell recommended with a dirty leer and smile.
Sam, Bobby, and Dean were all packed into the Impala along with their gear. Dean was driving with Bobby in the front seat, and Sam crammed across the back seat. Sam was still immensely furious at his brother. How could Dean just kill Sam’s friend and not tell him? The younger Winchester did not know what he was more pissed about, the fact Dean killed Amy or that Dean lied about it. Either way, the elder sibling was wrong in his chosen actions. Sam studied his brother’s battered and bruised face. Dean had a hell of a shiner starting to show along with a split lip and a bruised cheek. And that was only his face. Guilt flooded the hazel-eyed hunter. No matter how pissed he was at Dean, his brother did not deserve the beating. And the elder Winchester had seriously been beating himself up the last couple of weeks. Dean may be in the wrong, but so was Sam.
Dean rolled his eyes at the lack of agreement from the other two men. What could he say; Dean hated witches!
Crowley continued to study the elder Winchester. He was starting to have a sinking suspicion as to what Dean was referring to. Sam's eyes checked over his brother. Dean did not seem physically different to him.
"Crowley," Sam growled out the demon's name as he took a seat beside the other hunter.
The hunter tried to get onto his feet, but a hand on his shoulder kept him in a kneeling position. Dean glanced up to see who it was. It was Edgar, and Dean was instantly filled with dread. The human scowled. It had to be the one Leviathan who Dean hated the most.
The bottle of whiskey fell to the ground from his loose grip, and Dean watched the bottle roll across the floor. His head was feeling a little bit fuzzy. Maybe he should have not drunk that much that fast. He closed his eyes and shook his head, which did nothing but make the dizziness worse. FUCK! Oh well. At least he wasn’t feeling those heavy emotions anymore. Both Castiel and Amy’s faces were gone from his mind. He barely registered his brother’s figure moving closer to him at a paced rate.
Dean lowered his head, but kept his eyes on the man in front of him. “I know,” he softly responded.
Turning to the other Leviathan, Castiel ordered. "Leave us. I want to enjoy my mate's company."
"Moose," Crowley greeted with a mocking smile.
Crowley folded his hands on the table and the smugness could not be wiped from his face. "Well I think I found a way to shove those nasty Leviathans back into Purgatory."
Dean bit his lip in frustration. He has only been able to come untouched once since he and Castiel became lovers. Slowly, Castiel's thrusts sped up, and Dean felt himself building up toward his orgasm. Each time Castiel pounded his cock inside him, he always managed to hit that bundle of nerves.
He found his brother tossing and turning on the couch. The older Winchester was muttering though Sam could not make out what. Suddenly, Dean’s eyes snapped open, and the glassy green eyes were watery from unshed tears. “Dean,” the younger Winchester muttered. The older sibling took a deep breath and willed the tears away as he moved into a sitting position. Sam sat down on the edge of the couch and placed a hand on his brother’s shoulder. The taller male knew something was up. His brother just did not cry for anything. Dean’s usual guarded expression hid the emotions that could have been found on his face only moments ago. Looks like Sam was not going to get any answers just yet.
Sam opened his eyes and offered a weak half smile. With a quick glance, he noticed the devil’s appearance had vanished. He replied, “I know Dean.”
The taller of the two eyes’ widened before they began to fill up with unshed tears. Dean knew why, but what was he supposed to say? There were not any words to describe what he had to needed to say. “Cas,” he whispered, pleaded with his angel.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Really Sam, breaking the one thing that keeps you grounded makes my work so much easier,” Satan continued to goad the hunter.
Bobby looked up and grunted in an annoyed tone, “What’s got yer panties in a bunch?”
"I know. I am going to meet you up there. Please bring him home Sam," Bobby responded.
Castiel grabbed Sam, and the two other Leviathans grabbed hold of Bobby and Crowley.
Sam took a step away from his brother as regret filled his very being. Dean fell to the ground panting. How could Sam apologize to his big brother?
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean lowered his head and bit his lip. After a moment, he licked his lips and looked back up. “What more can I say then I am sorry,” he begged, no pleaded for an answer.
The hunter stared at the demon with a deadpan expression. “Anyways...” Bobby tried to bring the conversation back to business.
Dean's legs tightened around his lover's waist when Castiel began to slowly pull out. Castiel decided to shut his lover up with a kiss. The pace his hips set up was slow but brutal. Castiel made sure to brush again Dean's prostate with every thrust. As Dean's hand crept toward his leaking member, Castiel slapped his hand away.
The other Leviathans did not need to be told twice. They listened to their boss and left the two alone without any word spoken.
Sam’s phone ringing brought him out of his thoughts. With a sigh, he pulled out his cell phone and answered. It was Bobby.
The one called Chaz eyed Bobby before looking at his partner. “Maybe, but you know that you can’t just yet,” Chaz responded as he licked his lips.
“I know Bobby, but it’s gotten so much worse ever since he confronted me after Amy….” Sam had stopped speaking after the realization hit him like a ton of bricks. He jumped out of his chair and headed back into the living room with a determined and angry look at his face. He needed to discuss a few things with his brother.
They shut the door without a sound and began the search of the building.
Dean flinched as he heard Lisa being called such a name. He was still hurting from her loss, but he knew that she was not the one for him. He may never loved her the way she deserved, but that did not mean she deserved all the suffering she endured because of him. After all, she could never compare to the way he felt about Castiel. But still, Cas had no right to talk about her like that.
Bobby realized at once what they were dealing with. Leviathans. Well it was safe to say they were completely and utterly screwed.
Dean nodded his head absently. The other Leviathans may not have attacked him, but that did not me he was unscarred. But they were not to blame for his pain. The two men in the room were the cause of the Winchester’s heartache.
Sam glanced at his pseudo father figure and put a hand on his shoulder. "I know Bobby," Sam offered some comfort.
Instinctually, the three men knew better to argue, so the three of them climbed into the closet. Dean closed the door, and luckily they could still see the motel room through the slats of the closet door.
Bobby leaned back as well and crossed his arms across his chest. “Look at all that has happened,” he spoke.
“YOU LIED TO ME!” the younger continued to scream, “AFTER EVERYTHING HOW COULD YOU?”
Edgar refocused his attentions on the defeated human. “What was that?” he asked in glee.
Dean, Bobby, and Sam find themselves in a trap set by the Leviathans.
It was true, Castiel was still possessed by the Leviathans.
*~SPN~*
Dean raised an eyebrow. What did Cas want with him? If he wanted to kill him, well then they should just get it over with. It is not like he had much to live for anyways. The waiting was just too much for him; he did not wish to suffer anymore. And if there was anyone who could take his pain away, it would be Castiel. “Cas…” the hunter muttered.
Sam's mind was going a mile a minute as he made his way back to the Impala. He replayed what happened in his mind. Dean seemed so broken when Sam saw him; it was even worse than when Dean returned from Hell. It was like Dean had fully accepted defeat and his new place in his life. And what kind of life was Dean living? When Sam saw his brother, Dean was naked, chained to a bed, and covered in love bites and bruises. It was clear that Dean was being used sexually. How could his big brother accept that?
"Nothing good I am assuming," the season hunter answered.
The two men glared at one another for a long moment. The anger has burning inside them for such a long time.
Both Sam and Bobby nodded their heads and swiftly made their way to the motel room door. It did not take long for Sam to pick the lock on the motel door. Sam's eyes glanced at his two companions before he opened the door.
The human glanced back at the two men that were his only family. Dean had to do something. Nothing could happen to Sammy on his watch, nothing. Too much had happened in the past already. The hunter then glanced back at the Leviathan holding him down.
So Bobby spent his days in a drunken stupor. It was easier to deal with his emotions that way. Sam was still a man on a mission. He was not ready to throw in the towel. There had to be a way to save Dean, and the younger Winchester was going to stop at nothing until he found it.
The other two Leviathans watching were practically shaking in excitement as they listened to their prey’s words. They will be honored for they had accomplished.
Crowley straightened in his seat, the joking leaving his system. “I know that there is something that can put those things back into Purgatory,” the demon stated in all seriousness.
"Sammy, what are you doing here?" Dean's eyes were watery at the sight of his family.
Dean swallowed as he stared into ocean depths. "You know I love you," he responded.
The sound of clapping brought him out of himself. Sam turned his head to the left and saw Lucifer standing there with a smug grin gracing his thin lips. “Bravo Sam, bravo,” the devil mockingly congratulated.
Castiel did not expect a response from the hunter. His powerful gaze returned to the human’s grassy orbs. The Leviathan had been waiting for this moment for so long now. The taste of victory was sweet, and he could not wait any longer. “You have a lot to answer for Dean Winchester,” Cas spoke before turning his back on the human.
Castiel's eyes locked onto the three men who had been inside the closet. "Hello again Sam. Bobby, Crowley," the Leviathan greeted.
Dean thought with some amusement. He closed his eyes as another wave of dizziness attacked. He opened his glassy green eyes and looked straight into his brother’s angry hazel ones.
Edgar’s grin was absolutely feral. “Enough!” he yelled to his fellow Leviathans.
Crowley moved to sit down at the table across from the hunter he had personal dealings with in the past. “Well a little birdie told me some news that you might like to hear,” the demon began.
Bobby whispered back, “Not much. Seen some Leviathans around a lot lately, and unless they are in places like hospitals they have to be up to something.”
When Dean's eyes locked on to his brother's hazel ones, Sam continued, "We know about the two of you."
Sam closed his eyes and bit his bottom lip while clutching his hands so tight that his nails broke skin.
I originally planned this to be a two-part story. I am not sure if I should continue this into a sequel. What do you guys think?
It was then that Castiel spoke, “You know why.” His voice was soft, the words spoken like a whisper.
When I find out, I’ll let you know,” Crowley promised before vanishing.
“Pull in there,” the eldest of the three ordered.
Ten to fifteen minutes later, the door to the motel opened. Edgar and the surprising form of Castiel walked outside. Bobby gasped at the sight of the former angel. It was one thing to know that the angel was still out there, but it was another thing to actually see his form in person.
“Do I even want to know?” Singer asked with a raised eyebrow.
"You guys need to go, they're coming back," the elder Winchester informed the others.
Standing across from the human was the undeniable form of Castiel. The vessel of Jimmy was hard to forget. The jet black hair, the pale skin, and the unforgettable crystal blue eyes were unforgettable. Dean did not know what to think. Here he was standing in front of Cas again. Sure his dreams may have hinted that the angel was still somehow alive, but actually seeing the proof was a completely different thing.  Here was the one being Dean had given himself to unlike anyone else in his life.
"Same town, haven't left yet," Singer answered.
The brothers shared a glance before nodding their heads and heading out of the room.
With a sigh of frustration, Sam realized he now had more questions than answers. He reached into his jeans pocket for his cell phone. His movements were almost unconscious at this point as he quickly dialed Bobby's number. The other hunter answered the call on the third ring.
“Now what exactly did Crowley say?” Sam quietly asked as they picked the lock and silently crept inside the building.
Dean closed in acceptance. He knew his fate was sealed. He felt the slimy Leviathan’s hand grip his bicep tightly. Then suddenly, the hunter felt the cool breeze of an air conditioner. The air felt nothing like the climate inside that old, abandoned building they were in. It was warmer now, and the AC was very necessary. Dean felt Edgar stiffen beside him. Curiosity winning out, the hunter opened up his eyes. What he saw in front of him made him fight the urge to face plant with the ground.
Before Bobby could respond, the bell over the door jingled, and Sam Winchester walked through the door. Sam's hazel eyes scanned for his friend, and Bobby waved the other hunter. As Sam walked over to the booth, his eyes narrowed at the sight of the demon sitting across from his surrogate father.
Sam rubbed the fresh scar on his palm. Lucifer was not real, and the human was now out of the cage. The devil can no longer get to the younger Winchester. Sam was safe. He kept telling himself this over and over. Eventually it will sink in, and he will no longer suffer. Just like Dean. Dean managed to deal with his forty years in the pit, and Sam will be able to do the same thing. He was a Winchester damn it. He has been through whatever life has thrown at him with a give ‘em hell attitude like his brother, and he always made it to other side. Sam will get through this as well. He had to keep telling himself that and believe.
“You win,” he spoke in a quiet voice.
Sam swallowed then cleared his throat. "Where are you?" he dodged the question.
Sam had noticed his brother’s little momentary slip up. This was not like Dean; he never lost it on a hunt before. The younger Winchester was not kidding when he admitted his brother on the hunt scares him. Dean will get so focused and driven, and he won’t stop until they stopped whatever evil they were after.
Bobby muttered a curse underneath his breath. The demon barely gave the hunter any answers! Well at least they were close to getting an answer to stopping those damn Leviathans. But who could have the power to send them back to Purgatory? The Winchester brothers walked into the motel room as Bobby thought about the answer. The older man glanced at the siblings with disbelief in his eyes. Sam was soaked to the bone, and Dean had blood all over him.
Edgar shook his head. He replied, “No. The boss has other plans. Everything is falling into place as we speak.”
Castiel seemed pleased by his lover's answers. He sat up in bed, and the dark smiled returned to his lips. He pulled his pants back on and commented, "Then you know that lovers should never keep secrets from one another."
Sam was heading back to the cabin he and Bobby were staying in for the next couple of weeks. The Winchester was on his way back from a false lead. The hunters were now searching for Crowley who was their only hope to stop the Leviathans and save Dean. But if the demon did not want to be found, the hunters were not going to find them. This was their third false lead in the last month. Damn it! Sam cursed himself and all of Hell. Why did Dean have to do that? Why did he have to give himself up? The hazel-eyed hunter blinked back the angry tears that threatened to escape. He wanted Dean back with him; he could not lose his brother again.
It took a few minutes before Dean began to stir back to consciousness. He shook his head to clear away the dizziness that was clouding him. Man that was definitely going to leave a bruise, and he will need to have Sam check him to make sure he did not suffer a concussion.  By the way, Dean inwardly questioned, where were his brother and surrogate father? The hunter looked around and a look of horror marred his handsome face. Sam was being used as a punching bag, and Bobby was on the brink of unconsciousness. Dean had to do something. He needed to get up and fight. He couldn’t lose two of the people that mattered most to him.
As quickly as the two Leviathans appeared, they quickly vanished within a blink of an eye.
They sat there for the next few hours researching. Dean could not help himself to let his mind wander. He kept seeing Castiel everywhere. In his dreams, and every time he closed his eyes. Neither Bobby nor Sam knew how close the angel and his charge got. They decided it was their secret to keep. Dean thought back to the first time things changed between himself and his angel.
“Yeah, yeah,” the older Winchester muttered in defeat.
Sam rolled his eyes at his brother’s antics.
Dean stood from the couch with a huff. He went to his duffel to put on a pair of pants and a t-shirt on. “You got nothing to worry about little brother,” he spoke with a stiff posture.
He was pissed. He hated not being able to do something; it was not in his nature. Dean Winchester was a fighter through and through.
"How?" Bobby questioned.
Dean quickly scrambled to his feet and rushed to Castiel's side as far as his bonds would let him. "Please don't hurt him," he begged.
Bobby did not focus on the other hunter's weariness. Instead he continued to seek answers. "Then why isn't he with you?"
Dean stared into the eyes of his family for a long moment; his own emerald orbs watering. His own lips began to quiver, and all he wanted to do was admit to this dirty secret. "They changed me," Dean finally admitted before closing his eyes.
“I can’t believe we are on another witch hunt,” Dean nagged as he pulled out onto the state road with a squeal of the tires.
"You ready for me Dean?" Castiel asked as he spread his lover's legs before him.
"CAS!" Dean moaned when Castiel finally bottomed out inside him.
Cas kept his back to the human as he thought about things. Even now, he still did not wish death upon Dean. The Leviathan wanted to own the human completely. Body, mind, and soul. He turned back around and faced the younger male. That sick and twisted smile that haunted Dean’s nightmares appeared on the monster’s lips. “I will not let you go,” he stated.
Sam finally finds Dean after six long months, but will he like what he finds?
Well that is the end. I keep going back and forth on whether or not I should do a sequel. If I do, then I would go into much more detail into Dean's new life with Leviathan!Castiel. But I don't know.... Would you guys like me to continue this? Please let me know!
Sam hated the demon so much right now. "What are you doing here anyways Crowley?" Sam demanded answers.
Sam could not see the haunted look in Dean’s usually vibrant emerald orbs. Dean did not want to Sam to know; did not want his brother to know that every time he closed his eyes he saw
Castiel licked his lips and shrugged his shoulders. "What can I say. I enjoyed everything the angel was. I have all his memories and feelings."
But the hunter did not care about his own safety. Sammy and Bobby will be safe, and that is all that matters in the elder Winchester’s mind.
Edgar looked down at him with interest in his dark eyes. Dean couldn’t believe what he was about to do.
"Well aren't you just blowing out sunshine and rainbows," a British voice commented.
"You boys really need to find places with more class," Crowley commented with a smug look on his face.
“Quit your bitching boy!” Bobby yelled from the back seat.
Then he ended the call. Starting the car, Sam pressed on the gas and raced toward the next town over. They needed a new plan and fast in order to save Dean.
Sam wiped his face to hide the angst he felt. "Bobby, it was like Dean was a different person," the Winchester began.
Sam grabbed his brother by the front of his shirt and pulled his figure off the couch before slamming him into the closest wall. “YOU KILLED HER!” he shouted.
Both young men were grateful for the interruption. Dean needed an escape from his suffocating thoughts while Sam was appreciative for the distraction. If he could focus on something else, it was much easier to ignore Lucifer’s imaginary presence. Both Bobby and Sam moved to sit at the table where a large pile of thick and dusty, heavy tomes rested. The dirty blond male grabbed a couple of the books and sat down on the couch. He preferred his own space to do the tedious task of research. This is how they spent most of their days now when they were not working on a case. There had to be a way to stop the damn Leviathans. They could not be invincible.
Bobby was sitting on the couch with Sam redressing the bandages around the older man’s ribs. Not only did Bobby have two broken ribs, but the aging man suffered a dislocated shoulder and a fractured eye socket. Dean bit his lip to hold the anger he felt in as he glanced at his family on the couch. He felt guilty for not being there for Bobby. The hunter was lucky to be alive after the run in with that Leviathan.
Dean returned to the bed just as the door to the motel room opened once more. Edgar and Castiel brought two people into the motel room by the gripping their hair. Dean was sure not to let his eyes linger toward the closet.
“Sleep okay Sammy?” the older Winchester asked in a slightly worried tone as he realized it was still late, or early depending on the perspective. Sam sighed. His brother was always more concerned with Sam’s wellbeing than his own. “I’m fine Dean,” Sam immediately responded. And it was true; he wasn’t any better or worse. “It’s you I’m worried about,” the younger Winchester added.
“Stop it!” Dean shouted his plea.
‘Sammy?’ Dean questioned in his mind. Why would he be dreaming about his brother? The sight before him began to fizzle out, and with a sudden jolt, the experienced hunter found himself lying on the couch with his brother shaking him awake.
"I know," the Leviathan responded before turning his attentions toward the demon. A look of dread appeared on the demon's face. "You will not be missed though, and my body still wants you dead," Castiel admitted. The Leviathan's jaw unhinged, and Crowley was swallowed whole. When Castiel finished his meal, he frowned. "Demons always taste disgusting."
Don't worry, the leader of the Leviathans will be making his appearance in the next chapter.
So, Sam explained to the two men what happened when he arrived at the motel. "Dean was naked and chained to a bed. He seemed real scared to see me. Then Castiel arrived."
The fight in his Winchester blood kicked in; Dean narrowed his eyes; he was not the only one who did the betraying. “You say that like you are the innocent one,” he whispered in anger.
Sorry for any and all mistakes! No beta, and I am doing my best!
The darker haired male eyes’ darkened with a dark sense of lust. The hunter looked back up into the other male’s eyes. Dean opened his mouth to speak, but no words would escape his lips. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes. “I’m sorry,” he finally whispered.
“Last season Garth Fitzgerald gave himself a concussion trying to get a ball out of the gutter. Took one step and
He should hate her. But he hated himself more. Why had he given up? Why didn’t he fight? Fuck all, why couldn’t he
“Thank you for this, Dean, truly,” Emmanuel placed a hand on Dean’s hand, not just speaking of the cookies and hot chocolate.  “It means… so much.”
“Don’t laugh, that was all you. You’re always cold and we had that installed the second year after we moved here.”
“Hey!” Dean yelled.
Charlie and Dean made a stop at the local Aldi, knowing the floral department would have ready-made boutonnieres and corsages. The Valentineʼs dance was nearly as important as prom in Hunter Springs. Only pinker.
Dean looked over at Sam, begging for help with his expression, and he bit back a smile when Sam turned his big puppy dog eyes on their friend. This could be just what his moose of a baby brother needed. It hadn’t gone unnoticed by Dean how stressed out Sammy had seemed lately. When he saw the story in the paper, Dean had laughed out loud. What a perfect way to distract Sam from his troubles than a good old-fashioned Bigfoot hunt.
“Aw, come on,” Charlie said, sliding back into the booth next to Sam. “That’s future Sam’s problem. Fuck that guy.”
Bobby snorted. “These two idjits right here,” he said, gesturing towards Sam and Dean. “Babysitting them as kids. Wish I’d changed my mind sooner. But it is what it is.”
“Well, you possessive control freak. Come show me where to put
“You can take your life back, Clarence,” Meg piped up with a little wink.
"I could hear you jump in; I could see the ripple in the water. Eventually, I opened my mouth, my body just...it was reflex. I was choking, but then you pulled me out," Dean knocked his knee against Castiel's. "You saved my life, man," Dean said, voice soft and awed.
“I’m fine, I’m fine,” Castiel brushed him off. “Sorry about that,” Castiel took a breath and chuckled light. “Wrong pipe,” he said sheepishly.
"I didn't save you, Jack, I just bought us some time. Gotta admit, does my heart good knowing that asshat isn't getting any of your mom's hidden money."
that truck. Dean had to fight himself from scanning the parking lot.
etched on it, and looked at Dean.
Dean rolled his eyes. "Yes, Cas. Every single time. I just can't wait to be alone, so I can play with myself all day. C'mon, don't make this something it's not."
you," Castiel grinned.
“I beg forgiveness, My Queen” Dean said with a laugh, accepting the large black coffee. “Hey, I’m headed to the library; wanna get me a large of whatever Garth’s regular is?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“If you are about to say go home, save your breath,” Sam interrupted, and Cas rolled his eyes. “There’s got to be something I can do.”
He knew he was supposed to be doing something else, but thoughts were like the sand slipping through his fingers as he sat on the beach.
“What? What are you talking about?” he said, approaching the lane and depositing the twelve-pound ball directly in the gutter.
This is the end, guys. Thanks for hanging with me, and I hope you enjoy it:)
To say that Dean had been surprised when the well-spoken man had shown up for the interview had been an understatement. For one thing, Castiel Novak was heart-stoppingly beautiful. His hair was dark and tousled and he had these deep denim blue eyes that ranged from stormy sea to the sharpest cobalt. A strong jaw offset by wide pink lips that looked both pillowy and slightly chapped. His face had a hint of stubble and he held himself tall, broad-shouldered, with a trench coat draped over muscular forearms that made him weak in the knees.
“You, uh. You could always mark me up some more,” Dean said, reaching a hand out to rub at Castiel's wrist where Dean's name was etched in Enochian script.  He'd aimed for casual, and Dean could feel Castiel’s eyes on him. The intensity of Cas' stare made the hairs on the back of Dean’s neck stand up, and his own tattoo with Castiel's name upon his skin almost tingled like a brand on his wrist.
“What the fuck is with this traffic?” Dean groused for what he knew had to be the fourth or fifth time. He couldn’t help himself. Why did the world hate him? Sam was awake beside him, rolling his eyes at Dean’s frustration. Dean scowled.
“Owning a restaurant is a lot of work, and I cook because I enjoy it. I was afraid if I tried to make a career out of it, it would lose the appeal. Plus, the bowling alley has all the things I like. I get to work with my hands, I get to talk to good people.  I get to work with kids,” Dean reached into the cabinet and grabbed two shallow bowls and proceeded to dish up their meal. “It doesn’t fuck up my social life, and I still get to see Sam and Ro," Dean sent Cas a charming smile, " And I get to make my new friend dinner," he winked playfully. "A chef is married to their work. I want to be married to a person."
Now it was Dean’s turn to look smug as Castiel floundered for a response as he imagined having to come up with a story that wasn’t:
"Shhh," came a soft voice, shaky with fear. "He'll hear you."
"I don't
Emmanuel snuggled in closer to Dean, resting his head in the juncture of his neck and shoulder.  “I capisce,” came the soft reply.
Castiel leaned into Dean, giving him a soft hint of a smile that let his best friend know that he didn’t mind. Of course Castiel wasn’t okay, but Dean’s concern wrapped around him like a warm blanket.
Sam let out a suspiciously wet sigh and rubbed at his eyes. “Thanks, guys. Really. That’d be great.”
The condescending tone put his back up, as it always did with anyone who wasn’t Balthazar. That haughty tone had only really worked for his brother. Castiel did know that Balthazar would tell him to put this body snatcher in his place and get his future husband back.
Castiel rubbed Dean's knuckle with his thumb, as he listened, schooling his features to hide the terror that threatened to climb up his throat at Dean's words.
“It’s my fault,” the ragged whisper came from Claire, and Castiel’s eyes immediately went to his niece, who had tears slipping down her pale cheeks, leaving kohl tracks from her eyeliner.
Castiel met Dean’s gaze for an instant before looking away towards the window, as though their new curtains were fascinating.
“Yes, sir,” Dean breathed out. Castiel used his thumb to drag Dean’s lip and he opened his mouth obediently.
“Um, please continue, Ms. MacLeod,” Sam said, epic bitch-face on full display when he glared at Dean. Castiel’s lips twitched at Dean’s all too fake expression of innocence.
“Understandable,” Castiel said, reclining back into the plaid couch cushions, and rubbing at his eyes.
“Shh, baby, I got you,” Dean murmured as he palmed Castiel’s cock, stroking lightly, then dipping down for a taste. When Dean tongued his slit, Cas keened, and he feathered his fingers through his silky hair while Dean took him apart, effortlessly. Dean released Cas’ length with a wet pop, and Castiel growled his impatience when Dean left the bed to grab his bag. When he came back with lube, all was forgiven, and Cas fell back against the bed, spreading his legs wide in an unmistakable invitation, in case Dean was wondering how Castiel wanted this to go. Castiel made an absolutely filthy sound as lube-slicked fingers breached his furled entrance, slowly giving way as Dean worked him open.
Dean paused, phone tucked between his ear and his shoulder as he stripped a pre-roasted chicken he’d picked up at
Castiel sighed, angling his head up for another soft kiss, before moving past Dean into their bathroom. Maybe he
“Thank you, Dean.”
”Drive where? Where are we going?”
Castiel grinned at the question, aiming another look at Dean.
Castiel looked at Dean, stunning with the sunlight bringing out the ginger strands of his dark honey hair, and was powerless to stop himself.
“Well, it’s quarter past nine and I’m home, so I am sure you can deduce how well it went,” Castiel said, eyes still lit with mirth.
“Yeah, well. Obviously, I’m still working on it," Castiel said with a laugh, a smokey rumble that always made Dean's heart stutter.
“Fuck, Dean,
Castiel found it highly doubtful that he would be getting up before dawn to go fishing, but he didn’t say anything.
“Don’t be sorry, they all have to be told at some point anyway.”
To make sleep more comfortable, Dean got in the back seat, through the passenger side, letting Jack climb in first, and then up into the front driver's side. Their hands dangle in the middle, still cuffed, but this way, Dean could still lay out. If he closed his eyes, maybe he could pretend that this was something else. That he was just taking a nap in the car during a long road trip, like when he and Cas drove all the way to the Grand Canyon a few summers ago. Though how he was supposed to relax enough for that fantasy with a gun pointed at his head, Dean wasn't sure.
Castiel took a walk down the boardwalk after his doctor's appointment, stopping at Thai Garden to grab a couple of pad thai lunch specials for him and Gabriel, having already texted his cousin with a request for a six-pack of
“Hey, Cas, how’d everything go?”
“Was that all there was to it?” Jimmy asked, licking chocolate from his thumb, lips kicking up in a half smile as he noticed Dean’s eyes following the movement.
“It’s just, we never talk about this stuff. Sex, intimacy. And now we’re doing it and you’re so hot and I—”
“It’s just that it isn’t like you. You’re not really a people person.”
“You okay, Cas?” Dean asked quietly, and he nodded, not ready to share what he’d seen. No point in freaking Dean out just yet. Nor did Castiel mention the shadow shapes he kept seeing pass by the windows, the closer they got to the looming house.
Dean scowled. He may have been scared out of his wits, but nobody talked about his Baby like that. "Well, what do you suggest, man, cause I am pretty sure you ain't gonna be spending any of this money you're after if you're a pancake on the back of a Mack truck. We need sleep and we need food. These are the kind of things you should probably think of when you have two hostages."
Dean ran soothing hands up and down Cas' back as hot tears fell against his skin. "There you go, sweetheart. That's it," Dean continued to stroke up and down Cas' spine, whispering words of love and comfort until the sobs settled down to the occasional shudder, Castiel's stubble rasping against Dean's now damp neck.
"No. The children more than likely moved on right away.  And now that I've crossed Leticia over, she can be at peace with them."
The inside was all honey-toned hardwood flooring and featured the kitchen of Dean’s dreams. The first floor of the house was where Cas’ home office and laundry room were, as well as a dining room that had a beautiful view of the large maple tree that created a break in the sidewalk outside. The top floor had the master bedroom with ensuite bathroom and a balcony complete with a trellis covered in climbing clematis in vibrant blues and purples, and a guest room at the end of the hall.
. "Leave us on the side of the road and get out of dodge, cuz if you kill him, us," Dean gestured with his free hand, "You'll be done. They'll find you, and there won't be any of that getting off on technicality bullshit."
“Making tea?” Castiel murmured against Dean’s flannel-clad shoulder.
. It turns out classic cartoons were another thing Cas had missed out on growing up, and Dean had been happy to help rectify that travesty. The glow from the TV was the only light in the room, casting a bluish shadow over them in the dark.  The soft strands of Cas' hair tickled Dean's chin, and the scent of citrus and something earthy teased his senses.
? Six months or six days, the only thing that was going to save him from falling even deeper for Castiel was breaking off communication. He wasn't strong enough for that.  It was terrifying, the depths of his feelings. It wasn't as though he hadn't had any serious relationships since Leo. The man hadn't put him off of love, but it had made him cautious when choosing partners.  Castiel made him want to break all of his rules, and it was terrifying.
Castiel groaned. “Okay, but let’s eat that brownie first, he’ll be easier to deal with that way.”
Even if it was all in his head, the feeling of being under a microscope wasn't.
“Don’t worry about it,” Dean said, opening the cooler to pull out a six-pack of
Dean laughed and nodded. "Sure, I could eat."
, he did
“Absolutely not,” Castiel growled out when he found his voice. The very suggestion of it had Castiel recoiling. There was no possible way he would do that to Dean. He refused to believe it.
"Here, guys, we found these. I know they're a little old fashioned, but it's the only thing that was close to your size. Those are yours," Charlie told Dean, pointing to the more elegant of the choices.
"And you are supposed to go out tonight?" Daphne continued, as Cas adjusted the screen of the laptop on the coffee table
“Still tastes good,” Dean said over a mouthful, and Krissy pulled a face at his manners in a way that reminded him of Castiel.
I didn’t wanna get up.” Dean pulled a face that Emmanuel was learning was Dean’s go-to stubborn expression. “He asked me how  I was supposed to open a bakery if I never talked to anyone?”
Castiel couldn’t understand anything other than how sick he felt and how numb he was to the loud tears April shed until she fell asleep.
“Dean, focus,” Balthazar said, and Dean squared his shoulders. His brother-in-law was right; he was getting lost in the familiar. It was how he wound up on the beach in the first place.
Emmanuel found himself yawning again and blinked up blearily as Dean squeezed his shoulder. “C’mon, let's try and get in a few more hours,” he said and Emmanuel nodded in agreement. On their way out of the kitchen, Dean thanked Gabriel again.
"Do you think she's evil?" Dean asked.
Dean shuddered out a breath. “Longer than I wanna think about, Cas. I never…” Dean shook his head, and Castiel took his hand, the silence only broken by the
His first alpha, Donatello, didn't care what Dean was doing, but he had his hours to eat. Twice a day, and there were never questions about what he wanted. Dean knew what he had to do and when. He knew when to prepare dinner and when he had to clean and when he had to present. Things had been quite simple with Donatello, he could say he was lucky to have him as his first alpha.
"May l?" Dean asked, scared.
Charlie and Castiel headed to their places, which were not together. But it didn't matter anyway, Charlie couldn't do anything to distract Castiel from his thoughts, even if he wanted to.
It felt good to give himself up to her.
Se alejó como un destello de Castiel y se empujó con fuerza contra la cabecera, lejos de donde estaba el Alfa, cubriéndose la cabeza con un brazo y las rodillas contra el pecho.
When the hour in the sun came to an end, Dean stood up to follow the crowd, but someone pushed him and he almost fell. Instead he bumped into Jacob, who held him up.
Something was wrong.
I could still see Dean there, I could still feel his scent and his fear. His eyes appeared every minute, scared, a deep green that left him breathless.
"Can you do it, or do you want me to help you?" Castiel insisted.
"All good?" He asked as he approached to help him.
He closed his eyes trying to remember how he had ended up in that solitary cell.
But that would only be the beginning of hell.
When the sun made its way into the room, Castiel finished preparing breakfast and went to the bed. He gave Dean a friendly smile, trying to sound approachable.
And he was screaming, he could hear his own screams, Gordon's, and the other Omegas’.
Would they also be saving an Omega from their Alpha? Castiel knew that most of the people who were in place were Alphas, he felt it in their scents and could see it in their attitudes. There were some Betas, but they were more discreet.
Dean barely looked up to see him and then, when he realized that the Alpha was looking at him, quickly dropped his eyes again.
It was surely the most comfortable sofa he had ever sat on, and there were some pillows that seemed very soft, but he didn't dare touch them.
He stopped trying to think straight, and allowed himself to be dragged somewhere, where he was greeted with shouts and protests. They were many voices, in different tones and volumes.
Dean did not tell him much more, only that his brother was the best and two years younger, then he withdrew and did not open his mouth again. When Castiel suggested that he could lie in bed the Omega nodded and hurried back.
The Alpha swung around and stood where he was, watching him, then he smiled and left a cup on the table and walked to where Dean was, and sat on a small table between the sofa and the big screen.
He felt like his worst nightmare was about to come true.
When they entered, inside the cold and silence of the place enveloped them.
"And he can't sit still, I stepped in and managed, along with the owner of the place, to get the Alfa to leave."
"I'm not going to hurt you," he added more seriously.
After the outside hour came the action. The Omegas had to clean the cells, the kitchen, the bathrooms and the corridors, so that they did not become lazy before they returned to the house with their Alphas.
They did not let him speak, explain, or do anything. Ketch, who was a high-grade Alpha in this place, looked at him with disdain and a grimace on his lips.
Castiel woke up suddenly, disoriented. As soon as he opened his eyes he felt that something was wrong, and he remembered Dean, who had to be on the sofa.
Anyway, I hope you continue enjoying the story, and as always, I await your comments!
He went down the same elevator that Dean had left more than an hour ago, and the whole journey to the basement made him hard as a statue, holding his breath, avoiding thinking about what had happened just a few minutes ago.
He had always despised  that. He was aware that schools often instilled in omegas how they should behave towards Alphas, be it their Alpha or others. How to obey, and how to thank. And he thought he knew what was happening.
"When they found us," hee explained, "They took me because I was an Omega. And I never saw him again." His voice cracked, and Castiel wanted to run to hug him, to hold him in his arms, but he held himself back, using all his strength. He knew that would not be appropriate at all, other than that it would only scare Dean.
Hope you like! And if you want to tell me what you think, do it! More than welcome: D
Castiel realized that he ate fast, but not because of hunger, but because he was afraid that it would be taken from him. With each bite he took, he looked at Castiel before bringing the fork to his mouth, like a silent question of whether the alpha agreed with him eating.
"I'm ready to earn my food, Alpha," he whispered. He knew that sooner or later he had to pay, so it would be better if it was now.
“We will say that I found you at the service station in a very bad shape. That you didn't remember what had happened. You got lost and wanted to come back… ”Castiel was speaking and Dean was trying to follow along, but stopped him when he got lost in the thread of the explanation.
"No," Dean replied, too quickly.
"Cigarettes" Dean revealed feeling bad about confessing, as if it were a sin.
"I don't think it's going to happen fast. But I will do whatever it takes. You have to be brave. I know you can do it. When everything gets hard, think of me and your brother. We are both waiting for you. ”
Dean lowered his head again shrinking with the blankets. One part of his mind told him that he had to keep moving, but another asked him to stay.
Dinner was quick, after the first five minutes when  Dean seemed to doubt if he should eat or not, he just looked at the plate  and, out of the corner of his eye, at the alpha sitting at the small table but then he devoured his meal, finally seeming to give up. And the lasagna didn't last long on the plate once the Omega was dedicated to it.
"Is that good or bad?" Castiel asked.
Dean might not want to live with Castiel, despite the fact that he had said that if he wanted to, but Castiel knew that it could be due to the heat of the moment ... but he also knew that he could not protect Dean if they were not married under the law. Alastair could claim him as his Alpha again, and the law stated that the Alpha married to Dean was Alastair.
"Are you going to call them?" Dean asked again without giving credit to what he heard. It could be a trap, he could be lying. The alphas lied a lot.
"Dean?" he asked to be sure, savoring the boy's name in his mouth.
Dean ignored him; he wouldn't fall for his games. He knew how it worked, the System officials were always provoking, waiting for the Omegas to say or do something wrong, so that they’d be able to lock them up for longer, to have them under their control and their disposition.
He left the place and headed for the kitchen, where he had started making dinner a few hours ago. He was close to finishing it, so he spent a few minutes looking at his cell phone, taking the opportunity to answer a message from Bobby.
"It is dangerous! You will have no one to take care of you, no Alpha to protect you. You will be alone, without a collar, any Alpha from the street will be able to take you for himself," interrupted Hector, who seemed to be a big defender of the rules.
Dean didn't understand what her intentions were, until she gave him a quick look of mercy.
"Is this your Omega, then?" the first Alpha snapped.
He smiled at that idea. That would be his weapon against Alastair now. Nothing he’d to him would knock him down anymore because he had those sweet and cute memories.
"No, only I can take care of him. He is my brother"
Of course, there were some guards watching them, System officials, armed like the ones who had come looking for him, but they didn't seem to pay any attention to him.
He was dizzy, the taxi was two steps and braking, and already felt the stomach move in his body. He was sure he was going to throw up at any moment.
Not without difficulty, he reached the bathtub and sat Dean on the edge.
"I made pancakes, and orange cake. This juice is orange, it has vitamin C that will help you with the flu ..." Castiel was pointing things out while he explaining what they were.
"An Omega, huh ... no Alpha, no collar ... you lost, baby?" he asked, entering the tiny space and dangerously approaching Dean, who looked down at his feet as he backed up a few steps until his back hit the wall.
"You made a good scandal, boy. Try to stay still. Any more ruckus and I will be forced to expel you from this place," said the manager, as he opened a bottle of water and handed it to him.
Dean looked from the bed to the bathroom door. It wasn't far, about ten steps but he wasn't sure he could do it, even with the soup he still felt weak.
"I'm sorry, sir, but I can't let you hurt that Omega here. It's bad for business, if you understand me. We're an area free of Omega abuse," said the Omega shop manager, pointing to a plaque attached to the door of the store. "The Alphas that let their Omegas work here like to know that they are safe,” he explained.
"You look green, are you okay?" She asked when she approached her friend. No hello, how are you, what happened, just Charlie being Charlie.
Dean watched as he walked away to his desk in the corner and sat behind the laptop that he opened and turned on.
"Will they be broken?" He asked himself more than someone in particular, but he didn't get any answers.
Dean took his eyes off his plate and looked at alpha’s . He was almost halfway through, but he ate slowly, not like Dean who ate a spoonful after the other without stopping.
"I'll leave it to you for when you want to eat it," said Castiel, still smiling, but looking a little sad. Then he walked away to the kitchen, opened the refrigerator and returned with a bottle of water. When the cap made a noise that meant it was closed from the factory, that reassured Dean, and then he left it on the tray.
"How is your foot?" he asked, thinking that if he went for more specific questions, he would get a more authentic answer, and it might have worked, if Castiel hadn't reached out with the intention of getting closer, which caused Dean to draw back his  legs that he had stretched out on the sofa, and he folded them close to his body.
Three armed men appeared before Dean's field of vision, who was still pinned to the ground, trying to hold his breath.
Castiel ran into his apartment, didn't even take the trouble to close the door, his legs and hands were shaking, and he was badly aware if he was breathing or if he had stopped breathing when he last saw Dean.
Dean's heart was pounding in his chest. Instinct told him to run away, but he smelled the Alpha next to him, it was safe, and despite being so nervous, he still felt like he was in the best place in the world.
"Alastair and we tell him that we want to buy his Omega. We pay him, you pay him, I no longer have any money" he added quickly, to make it clear and his friend agreed, he had not put her into this to help him financially "and then you have to Omega, they don't have to get married, you are free in case Dean gets a pain in the ass, and when you finish helping him find his brother, he can go with his brother and you return to your life, without complications. "
Dean wanted to turn around to see who it was, already sure it was Castiel, but with a strong tug on his arm they returned him to his path.
Castiel spoke as he strode through the house. He took the suitcase out of the closet and turned a couple of clothes inside, without seeing what he was keeping, it didn't matter, the only thing that mattered was getting to Dean.
"Wait for me for five minutes"
"Don't listen to him. When your Alpha comes looking for you you will be a better Omega" Hector replied.
When the Omega entered, a wave of water spilled out, but Castiel did not worry about it, but the grimace of pain he saw on the boy's face.
"Yes, but ... in what city? Do you know?" He insisted again, and this time Dean hesitated. He really had no idea what city he was in. When he had fled he had simply ran, had not looked where, his only idea was to run away from his alpha.
The two got into the taxi and toured most of the city until they reached the System Facilities.
"I just want to help you, you need to take a bath, and for that I have to take your clothes off… let me help you, alright?"
The Beta told him that the System officials had come by his service station, asking questions. He assured that he had not said anything, but someone had already opened their mouth and he had been forced to show the recordings from security cameras. In these, it was clearly visible how an Alpha had taken the Omega they were looking for.
When the Omega was restrained on the floor, without any sign of moving or crying,  one of the System officials bent down and grabbed him by the arm. He lifted him up with the force of someone lifting a very heavy piece of furniture and dragged him to the entrance of the apartment.
His knees had buckled, but he had not touched the ground but was hanging from the Betas' arms. He would have wanted to stare them down, to challenge the two Alphas, but all he could do at the moment was focus on continuing to breathe.
Then I look away to look out the window. At least that way I could see how they passed over the clouds, and how they were eliminating distance towards Dean.
Dean nodded, looking up at the Alpha. He had already looked him in the eye today more times than he had looked at Alastair in the twelve years he had lived with him. He knew he was breaking the rules, but they would punish him anyway.
Dean reached out and grabbed the bottle. He tried to open it and close it again. But in the end he ended up sipping the water. I was so thirsty. He didn't remember when it had been the last time he had drunk water, or eaten something, and it felt like years ago.
"Get up, it's time for the Section" someone shouted from someplace Dean couldn't see, but all the Omegas got up, stopping what they were doing.
Dean still remembered that when he moved in with his first Alpha it was because a Social Worker directed him to the best Alpha possible, and after a few days he visited them to ask them questions, mainly about whether Dean was being satisfactory for his Alpha or if he wanted to change him for someone else.
He didn't realize that Castiel had approached until he was in front of him. The Alpha placed a tray on the bed, with bread on the side, and a plate with soup in the center. It was steaming and looked great.
He had fled from an Alpha and had fallen into the hands of another.
"We'll come up with a plan." Charlie took the paper from him and put it in his backpack. "Rest your head, you're very white. Did you eat something?" She asked, but Castiel didn't seem to hear her.
I unlock the phone and look for the number of Charlie, her friend and colleague by profession, she would help him.
The Omega hesitated, remained silent for a few seconds, but by now Castiel was used to that.
But something terrified him even more. He was in the bed of an Alpha. As soon as he realized that he moved the blankets that covered him and tried to stand up. But without much success, since a dizziness threatened to take him directly to the floor, if not for the Alpha that supported  him. But that only scared Dean more, who backed away in reaction, scooting to the corner of the bed, against the headboard, wrapping his arms around his legs.
Without much difficulty, since the omega had returned to his unconscious state, he sat him on the toilet and moved to turn on the tap so that the bathtub was filling with water, checking the temperature until he was sure it was correct. Then he approached the omega and removed the blanket with great care not to hurt him. When he tried to take off his shirt, the Omega opened his eyes suddenly and resisted, it was nothing abrupt or forceful, he barely had the strength to remain seated, but even so Castiel stopped, not wanting to scare him more than he already had.
"It’s fine, it’s fine," the Alpha interjected, clenching his fists, which sent a shiver down Dean's spine, he was going to hit him. This Alpha was going to hit him, and knock him out again, it would make him feel more pain than he was feeling, he was sure of that, but instead the Alpha seemed to relax his fists and stepped away from the bed. Looking as scared as the Omega.
"In that case, you cannot speak to the Omega."
If he had fallen asleep in Alastair's bed he was in trouble, but he had no idea how that could have happened. In all the years that had been Alastair's Omega he had never lain in his bed, except for when he had sex in bed. Sometimes, but it was only for a moment, then he had to sleep in his cage.
"No" Dean said, setting aside the spoon and soup. It was over, and he already felt much better. It seemed that the soup was miraculous.
The Beta kept hitting again and again, until it knocked him to the ground. Castiel tried to fight it, tried to stop them with a shout, but the only thing he managed to do was to get the uniformed man who remained in the doorway to stop him, pushing him against the wall.
He could smell Dean's nerves and fear in the air. The Omega hoped he could pay Castiel for breakfast. They were taught that nothing was given just for the sake of giving, but that they had to be good Omegas to get something.
"Dean is an Omega ... that ... ah ..." I didn't know how to explain everything to him in a few seconds. There was no way to summarize the last three days in a few words.
"I think I'm going to throw up" Castiel assumed, running his hand over his face.
"Yes, of course" Castiel guided him along the path, helping him with the step that separated the room from the rest of the house and helped him settle on the couch.
To Dean's surprise it really was a breakfast; a huge room with long tables, and many Omegas that were entering the place and occupying the seats. Dean followed his cellmates to a table and sat next to a scrawny Omega and facing another dark-haired Omega who kept staring at him all the time.
He looked at his purple ribs in the mirror, and they didn't really look so bad - a little ugly in color, but at least they didn't hurt so much compared to other times.
The second Alpha, still next to him, placed a hand on Dean's leg, and the Omega squirmed further away, leaning back hard against the wall. The stunned Alpha quickly withdrew his hand. It gave him peace of mind, but Dean knew Alphas didn't usually have good intentions.
The cheekbone under his left eye was still very swollen and an ugly pink, he hardly saw with that eye. His hair was sloppy and strands fell everywhere, without any sense.
Castiel stayed for a few seconds where he was but it was quite clear that the Omega was not going to move from his position, so he remembered that Dean only ate when Castiel left him alone. Hoping that he would do the same in this situation, the Alpha got up, noticing the fear that this generated from the Omega who still flinched when the Alpha made the slightest movement. Castiel moved away to the kitchen, giving him some space.
Trying to avoid the stream of thoughts Dean did his thing in the bathroom, but before leaving he stopped in front of the mirror and looked at himself. It was a few seconds but they were enough to realize how bad it looked.
They managed to get off the plane, but getting out of the airport still took considerably longer. Castiel was impatient and Charlie tried to calm him down without much success.
Castiel released him suddenly and ran his hands over his head. He looked desperate.
"Do you know where you are?" Castiel asked, and that was an easier question, he could answer that without getting into trouble.
And besides, his mind kept going back to how he had been ripped from his home and pushed into that truck.
"That's perfect!" Castiel was enthusiastic, and Dean wrapped his arms around his body.
He smelled the air, looking for some clue about the mood of the alpha in front of him. But it was difficult, this alpha always seemed to be calm, and safe. With the other alphas there were variants: angry, excited, very angry, funny, excited ... they didn't smell safe. Dean had never met alphas that had.
Dean had been watching the Alpha and had noticed a few things. Not only  his scent channeled safety and tranquility, but also his movements, the way he walked around the house, the looks he gave Dean from time to time, his attention to preparing rich and nutritious meals to make him feel good and better.
And then Cain put the hot metal down on his skin, on his right forearm, slowly enough that every moment of that metal's contact with the skin was extremely painful.
Castiel had said he was going to help him find his brother and somehow, Dean believed him. Because of how he said it, because he was the most honest person in the world, or because of how he smelled when he said it. Dean trusted him, even when everything he knew about the world and the Alphas told him he shouldn't.
He tried to be as clear as possible, he didn't want there to be any doubt about it.
“Someone from the service station where I found you. The System went looking for you and someone said you had been there. They looked through the security footage and identified me. So they’re coming here. We have very little time to put a plan together. ”Castiel explained, speaking quickly but clearly.
"I'll help you get to the bathroom, then you can do it alone, what do you think?" Castiel offered and Dean didn't know what to do. He couldn't challenge the alpha, he owned the place, he had given him food, he couldn't deny him anything. He was an alpha.
"I did not, I did not call the System ..." the Alpha spoke, but his words were nothing more than a meaningless whisper to the stunned Omega.
Dean fell to the ground, and took several other Omegas with him.
For a few seconds he could see how Dean raised his face to look at him, and was dazzled with those green eyes that the Omega had. He wished he could look at them more often, but that was almost impossible. Since Dean kept his eyes on the floor most of the time.
I await your comments, which are love! Have a nice week.
"That is a long way. I wandered that far? ” Dean was suspicious of the plan, he knew that the people from the System were going to be thorough with the interrogation, and that they would not stop until they got something out of him.
He was still dizzy and when he moved things seemed to spin around him. But as soon as he waited a few seconds, that ugly feeling disappeared.
"What happened Dean?" Castiel asked when he realized that the Omega had stopped. "Isn't the food good? Don't you like it?"
"How long has he been lost?" Castiel was slow, knowing that at any time Dean could clam up again.
He had taken many hits from Alastair, and kept  quiet, because that was his Alpha and he could do whatever he wanted with his Omega. And because Dean surely deserved them for being a bad Omega, or careless, or sloppy, or all of the above, but he would never accept it from another Omega.
"I don't like this place," Charlie whispered, but in the deathly silence his voice echoed throughout the room, and a man at a desk looked up at them.
"There’s more food than back at my Alpha’s," Hector smiled cheerfully, echoing Dean's thoughts.
For a moment everything was clear. Or  something at least. Sammy was Dean's brother, and apparently who the Omega was so desperate to find.
"I'm going to clean your eye, okay?" he waited for an answer until the Omega nodded silently.
"Wouldn't it be better if you did it illegally?" I consult, somewhat hesitant. "I know, man, I know", he quickly added when he saw Castiel's gaze "we are people of the law, lawyers and we act under divine justice, but in this case maybe doing it by other means maybe is the best thing. Just think with me ... we look for that Alisatar ... "
“You are a good brother,” Castiel murmured against Dean’s skin, pressing soft, barely-there kisses along his neck. “But it’s still your fault I have to make up a Bigfoot sighting to a couple of strangers.”
Over the next week, a routine was established. Emmanuel often awoke to an empty apartment. The smell of coffee lingered in the air, a fresh pot warming on the burner and a plate sat in the microwave —- a glossy, sugary cinnamon roll this time. Emmanuel found himself grinning as he poured himself a mug of coffee, dropping into a kitchen chair so he could nibble at the pastry.
Castiel felt warm all over at Dean’s words, stilted and sweet though they were.  Cas unsealed the envelope, gently emptying the contents onto the table. He swallowed the lump in his throat, as the sharp sting of tears welled in his eyes.
“Thank you for using your words,” Castiel praised and Dean smiled up at him, licking his lips when Castiel started to undo the button of his jeans. He pulled the material down, letting them fall to the floor with a
Dean moaned, hands braced on Castiel’s thighs, and began to float. His whole consciousness just narrowed down to Castiel and the drag of his silken cock in and out of his mouth; the clean salty taste of it, and the scent of apples bright on his skin. Cas rolled his hips gently, guttural grunts of pleasure falling from his lips as he fucked Dean’s face. Dean stared up at him from under his lashes, begging with his eyes for Castiel not hold back. He seemed to understand as his long-fingers tightened in Dean’s hair and he began to rock faster.
After making sure to thank Benny and compliment the chef, they walked out of the restaurant to the car. It was turning towards twilight and Dean twined his fingers with Emmanuel’s as he drove back to the bakery.
Castiel liked to think that he had been more than patient. He’d known his own heart for a while now and he was exceedingly certain he knew Dean’s as well. The thing about Dean was that despite his gruffness and his blue-steel attempt at masking his feelings, Dean’s eyes betrayed everything he felt. There was a depth to his moss green gaze that allowed glimpses of his emotions shining like the bright flecks of gold in his irises.
“I was thinking ahead,” he said proudly, as he ran his hands up and down Cas’ taut thighs.
Too much shit to do, he reminded himself sadly.
“Come on, Cas, we’ll be careful. We’ll make a rule; back to the campground before sunset every day. And hey, we can borrow Bobby’s satellite phone.” Sam’s earnest face could sway anyone and Dean pumped his fist in victory when Castiel let out a heavy sigh of acquiescence.
“When you’re right, you’re right, Sunshine,” Dean gave in, easy, autumn eyes shining with tenderness and so much love Cas could scarcely believe it belonged to him.
“Does that mean you don’t want to play?” Lilith asked, coyly, and Castiel cocked his head.
“Cas…,” Dean whispered as he searched Castiel’s wide blue gaze, hoping to find a speck of the warm affection that his husband always openly had for him. Instead, he only found impatience and fear.
“Hey, when I want a drink, I drink. When I want sex, I go get it. The same goes for a sandwich or pie, dude. You guys get what we need to start making our own honey?”
, I’ll move in tonight.
Castiel couldn’t believe it was finally happening. He was kissing his best friend. His was kissing Dean, and it was
was so surreal. He didn’t even feel like this was his life. How the fuck had his entire existence turned into a
“I said leave me alone, Channing!” It was Kevin Tran in a standoff with his former girlfriend. It was amazing how gossip spread in a high school.
. Missed you, Cas," Dean said into the sheets, and Castiel's heart clenched at the broken mess that was Dean's voice.
“When have I ever spent time with any of those people outside of work? They’re all as miserable as I am,” he replied petulantly and Dean reached out to pinch his cheek.
, if you wanted me that way you’d have said so.”
"So, you offered yourself up as the getaway driver?" Castiel asked dryly, reluctantly pulling back, and Dean shrugged, with a quick grin.
“Get the hell outta Pontiac, Cousin. Come see how the Liberals live,” Gabriel teased.
“Okay,” Castiel said, but not before he enveloped Dean in a warm hug, tucking his face into Dean’s shoulder.
“Hey, there, Dean. Remember me?” her voice was honeycomb sweet, thick and drawl-ish and the last thing he heard before he whispered Cas’ name and black surrounded his vision.
“I’m kinda in love with you,” the words tumbled out with no forethought, going by the way Dean gaped at him for a moment. His hand raised as though getting ready to explain, but eventually he just shrugged sheepishly.
Castiel saw him straighten. Dean closed the refrigerator and reached into the cabinet above the fridge where the liquor was kept. Dean pulled a bottle of Johnny Walker out and carried it out into the living room, two glasses pinched between his thumb and pointer. He set everything down on the coffee table, then changed direction again and retrieved Cas’ blanket. When Dean sat down, he again kept a careful distance between them, placing the folded blanket in the middle as a barrier. Castiel contemplated him silently as Dean poured their drinks. He handed one to Cas, habitually clinking their glasses before taking a sip.
