But Castiel doesn’t act like those bodice-ripping alphas. He’s sweet and quiet and conscious of Dean’s needs even when Dean isn’t able to articulate them. Dean glances over his shoulder to confirm that yes, even now, Castiel is looking away, giving him privacy. Dean’s thighs are still burning where Castiel’s cock had found friction between them, but even now Castiel will turn his head away as if he doesn’t have permission to look.
“I mean, if I’m going to have to talk about shit I don’t want to talk about, you’re going to have to talk about shit you don’t want to talk about. Fair’s fair, Cas.”
John sends her a glare, but Castiel follows Dean’s lead, slipping into one of the ornate wooden chairs in front of him. He’s stuck next to the king, of course, but Dean is on his other side, and when Castiel takes a deep breath to center himself, he’s able to scent the prince, which brings him comfort and courage. There’s a thick, sweeter note to Dean’s scent now, thanks to the baby, and it reminds Castiel why he’s here, and why he wants to defend himself to King John.
?” Now Castiel looks at his brother. Lucifer just looks back at him, with that knowing gaze as if he can see all of Castiel’s deepest secrets, and Castiel feels a spike of irritation. “No! It’s my friend Dean.”
After a few miserable weeks more, he realized his heat hadn’t come.
“Dammit, Charlie,” Dean snaps, straightening himself back up and closing his sketchbook. “What the hell was that for?”
Dean pushes his nervousness down, flashing a charming smile in Cas’s direction. “Let’s just get it over with,” he says, unsure of whether or not he’s acting. Cas spares a glance around the circle, and shrugs casually before leaning over and pecking a kiss to Dean’s lips. It’s less than their other kisses have been; Dean barely feels it, and while part of him is relieved by that, another part feels robbed.
Castiel tucks his phone and wallet into his hoodie’s pocket, then uses the helpfully provided pen and notepad on the bedside table to leave Dean a quick note, in case he wakes up while Castiel is gone:
"Cas!" Dean must have gotten significantly more sleep than Cas did, because he sounds downright perky. "Told you I'd call!"
Charlie laughs outright, completely missing the way Dean’s grip tightens around his pencil, the way his lines suddenly go dark and thick. “I kinda want to thank this guy for helping us out so much. Is he on MySpace?”
“And in the meantime,” Pam says, leaning forward over the table, “Dean is pining away, sad and lonely, because the love of his life has decided it’s easier to ignore him than to deal with what’s wrong.”
Now that he has an actual day to look forward to, it feels like Cas is all he thinks about. He reminds himself of what Missouri warned him about and Anna helped him understand: that he can’t be selfish about this, can’t apologize just for the sake of relieving his own pain. But he still finds himself daydreaming about finally seeing Cas’s smile again, the way his hair moves in the wind, his gentle hands flipping through the pages of a book.
Tonight’s study is Cas.
“I’ll see him again,” comes out slow and reluctant.
This is why Castiel had asked to wait last summer. This is why he was so nervous about the idea of dating Dean, and why he should have shut those intentions down before this ever got started. Apparently, Dean couldn’t just wait for Castiel to be ready, and that means
Lilith shrugs, lifting the lantern as she heads back into the woods. Ruby, Alastair, and Azazel follow her, but Bela pouts at Dean. “Castiel is my date, I should help him.”
Then he realizes the second part of it. Seven plus twenty-five is, “You’re thirty-two years old?”
Eventually, Dean ends the kiss, but he holds Castiel for a moment longer. Then, just to prove that Castiel can’t get away with anything, Dean whispers, “Stop freaking out. We’ll be fine.”
“You guys do this every year,” Jo continues, “and we’re kind of sick of it. You’re so happy and excited to see each other, only for shit to blow up and make you avoid each other, so all we ever hear about is your drama, and I’m just not going to have it this summer. Okay? It’s bad enough that all my friends are leaving me-”
They sit upstairs on their own for a few hours, laughing and chatting. Cas fits in like a missing puzzle piece, and Dean feels oddly at peace to be sitting next to him again, as if there had been something restless and jittery in his blood the whole year, but now that Cas is nearby again, it can settle and relax.
"Is that how you greet your mama, boy?"
“I’m waiting for my boyfriend,” the girl responds. “He said I could wait inside.”
always talked about
“I can’t take any more mixed messages, Cas,” he says quietly, eyes cast downward. “Telling me you’ll always come back isn’t good enough when every other day you’re pushing me away. I need…” He pauses to clear his throat before meeting Castiel’s eyes again. “If you need space, that’s okay. If you still need to think about this, about us, then I want you to know that I meant it when I said I’d wait. But the back and forth without talking to each other… I can’t do that anymore. If I fuck up, you need to tell me what I did-”
“Dean usually works at the Roadhouse on Mondays,” Sam comments, rolling off the bed and making his way to the bay window. He peers outside, then turns to Castiel with wide eyes. “But I guess not tonight?”
“Why the hell not?”
He can’t do it now. Maybe after Lisa gets back from San Francisco, when he can hold her and kiss her and remind himself what he’s really here for, maybe then he can talk to Cas again, look him in the eyes and not think about Cas on his knees with a dick in his mouth.
“You actually like it?”
“Please let me talk to him,” Dean croaks, rubbing his hands over his face. “Please, Anna, just give me five minutes to explain.”
Sheepishly, Dean leans in for a quick hug and mumbles, "Hi Mom, thanks for giving me a ride," while Mary smirks.
know Castiel that well. Dean’s here offering up information, but Castiel hasn’t responded with any of his own. What about
Naomi tilts her head. “Excuse me?”
“I’m serious, it grows really-”
alpha. Dean has friends who are alphas, people he loves, but he wouldn’t necessarily say any of them are
At the same time, the nausea quickly turns to rage, bubbling up into Dean’s chest - threatening Dean’s mother? Dean could take Alastair out if he were angry enough, and coming after Mary would definitely get him to that point.
If Dean were sober, he’d notice that awful leer Alastair is sending their way. He’d notice that Lisa isn’t thinking clearly, and he’d take her home to sleep it off.
So Dean shoves his fingers into his slick hole and cries into the blankets, shivering and writhing until he comes, and falls asleep.
“I’m pregnant,” he says quickly, before he can change his mind. Then, since he hadn’t exactly made any secret of his romps with alphas prior to meeting Castiel, he adds, “It’s yours. Of course it’s yours.”
“You’re not,” Charlie says quickly, though Jo’s tightened jaw and red face say otherwise. Charlie reaches over and places her hand over one of Castiel’s, smiling gently. “You’re not the bad guy. You’re not wrong. Dean should’ve talked about this with you before it all happened, but he didn’t. So now you need to be willing to talk to him about where to go now.”
“My son Lucifer is coming to visit us soon.” Castiel raises his eyebrows; this is news to him. “It will be the first time in three years that my children have all been in the same room. We’ll be having dinner downstairs, and I would be delighted if you would join us.”
Castiel shakes his head, because while he does want to share his epiphany with Dean, he wants a little more time to process it himself first. To calm down and express his feelings clearly.
Dean shudders. “I mean it. I can’t. I’m grounded.”
“I’ll be right there next to you the whole time,” Dean whispers, smiling. Castiel doesn’t smile back, but he nods slowly, and takes Dean’s hand when it’s offered. There’s a hint of sadness in his scent, rather than fear, but Dean figures they can come back to that after this fiasco is over; if the King scents fear, he’ll jump all over it, so anything is better than that.
, anyway.
“Blah, blah, blah, Cas is a lying liar who lies,” Jo cuts in as they approach the table. “
Castiel glances back at Mary, just in time to catch her laughing. What could his mother have said that would cause Mary to laugh like that? It’s been a while since Naomi has been to the sort of mingling galas and dinners that she used to go to for Uncle Zach’s sake, to promote his brand and represent him in places that wouldn’t be appropriate for a pastor, or whatever he’s calling himself these days. But Naomi always was good at small talk. Castiel just didn’t expect it to work on someone like Mary.
, Gabriel!"
“Only you can know how you really feel,” Missouri responds. “And it’s okay not to want to be labeled. It’s a big step just to acknowledge these feelings. But don’t forget.” She leans forward and puts a hand on his knee, smiling fondly at him. “You have me to talk to, and your mother loves you, and I’m sure your friends will support you just like they supported Charlie. So don’t worry too much, okay?”
“Baf’room,” Sam offers through a mouthful of pizza - he’s not as tense as Charlie and Jo suddenly are, so whatever is happening right now, Sam doesn’t know about it. Jo is trying so hard to avoid catching Castiel’s eye that she’s studying the ceiling, her chin in her hands and her fingers pressed tight against her lips.
Dean takes a few deep breaths, trying to let Cas’s words sink in. He’s not wrong; Dean is reluctant to fight and has a lot of people he asks Alastair to leave alone. There are plenty of kids who would happily do more for less. There’s a warning in the back of Dean’s head, telling him that Alastair won’t just let him dash happily into the sunset, but now that his head is clearing, Dean can tell himself that Alastair should be afraid of him. Dean could take him down easily, if he had to, and Alastair knows just how protective Dean is of his loved ones. That’s how he got Dean into this mess in the first place.
The drive back is better than the drive down in so many ways. Sure, Dean still rolls his eyes when Castiel asks to stop at a McDonald’s in Bandon to use the restroom, and Dean still chews with his mouth open when they get lunch in Coos Bay, but there’s no fighting. There’s no anger or resentment. Dean even agrees to try some of Castiel’s spicy tuna roll; he doesn’t admit that he likes it, and Castiel pretends not to notice when Dean steals another piece off his plate.
“Yeah,” Dean breathes. He feels free up here, far away from all his problems, and he’s able to swallow most his fears as he turns to Cas. “I was at a party tonight.”
“Shit.” Castiel shakes his head. “Too young for me.”
Castiel hesitates, listening to Bela’s soft breathing on the line. “My, um…” He struggles to find the right word, “my friend Bela wants to know if she can join us?”
Dean is glowing with a smile so bright that it should chase the clouds away, so Castiel can’t resist leaning in to kiss him, chaste and adoring. Dean pulls back with another laugh, nuzzling his nose up to Castiel’s forehead. “That was really gross, Cas,” he whines. “We are so gross and cute right now.”
Naomi takes a step back, dropping her arms. She glances at Michael, before turning back to Castiel, eyes darting uncertainly around the room. “Castiel-”
Well, that’s a relief if Dean’s ever needed one. He finds himself laughing too, carefree and calm for what feels like the first time in ages.
“Yeah?”
Victor cuts her off by making a rude noise, pressing his palm to his mouth and blowing air against it. “They’re just being chickenshit. Like the whole town doesn’t already know Dean’s dating Lisa! Your sexuality and masculinity are perfectly safe, Winchester, just get it over with so we can move on!”
“I should warn you.” The words seem to jolt Castiel out of a daze, and Dean suppresses a laugh. “My dad’s not very excited about you or the baby. He had other plans, and you threw a wrench in them.” Dean smirks, glancing back at Castiel. “My dad doesn’t like change.”
Castiel is too, but he’s more surprised that his family thought to send gifts to the Winchesters at all. He knows that his mother is trying to make up for the things she did wrong when her kids were young, and her cause du jour with regards to Castiel is his relationship with Dean. Despite a handful of missteps, she has done her absolute best to be accepting and inclusive. Apparently, even to the point of sending piles of gifts to Dean’s entire family.
Let Bela have Cas. She’ll treat him better than Dean ever could.
But they don’t smile back.
Dean actually manages to lift himself up onto his elbows, fixing Castiel with a smug grin. “‘m not the one teasing,” he says. “Knot me, alpha?”
Oh. It’s a beige towel. So Castiel reaches up and pulls it back until he sees Dean smiling at him, and that burning feeling fades into something far more pleasant.
To his surprise, Dean’s hand grips his shoulder, and all the humor has gone from Dean’s eyes as he looks at Castiel. “Do you want to spend the day at my place?” Dean asks quietly. His concern seems a little bit of an overreaction, and Castiel sighs.
“That’s not what I said,” John replies. Sam huffs.
“If it’s intentional, he never mentioned it to me.” Honestly, Castiel is starting to wonder why he never picked up on it himself, if it’s apparently obvious enough for both Winchester brothers to notice. “Dean picked up on it too. Did you get this from him?”
“Yeah,” Dean manages to croak out, only then realizing that he’s thirsty as well. Castiel appears in the window, peering at him.
, I thought we could read it together.”
Meg’s lips tighten as she settles herself. The table is silent, waiting for the shoe to drop, but Dean just stares Meg down, impressed despite himself when she doesn’t back off.
“Press the red button,” Castiel responds, slipping his phone into his back pocket as Mary sighs at him.
The resort’s private beach is quiet and calm. Lucifer falls asleep spread out on a towel, and Anna eventually gives up and goes back inside to watch MTV. Gabriel didn’t even bother to come with.
“Well, Benny’s a knight,” Dean corrects with a shrug. “Charlie’s more of a… a
“Why should I?” Dean snaps. “There won’t be enough money for both me and Sam to go, and Sam’s got bigger dreams. He should be allowed to chase them, shouldn’t he?”
“It’s nice to know my friend has found happiness,” Bela continues, as though Dean never interrupted her.
Before Dean can respond, Castiel’s hands are on his hips, lifting them up and almost bending him in half. Dean yelps in surprise, his legs in the air, as Castiel inhales deeply. The scent of aroused alpha spikes, now more musk than honey, and Dean revels in it shamelessly. He wants to roll around in that smell until it’s embedded in his pores, mixed with his own scent to create something new and whole. That’s a prelude to mating, and maybe there is still some heat running through Dean’s system, because he doesn’t care. Scenting, biting, knotting, he
Sam looked slightly hurt but agreeable, but Dean looked absolutely enraged.
Castiel just looked at him, and Dean understood his blank stare to mean that he didn’t understand the human colloquialism.  He sighed.  “I don’t know, don’t just completely go radio silent on me for weeks at a time!”
, Dean,” Castiel continued.  “I would not expect you to live your life waiting for me to come back.”
There was an odd moment where Castiel and Dean both attempted to lean farther back but couldn’t so that Dean could grab some lubricant.  Dean was ultimately forced to pass the lubricant from his left to his right hand just in front of their faces.  Castiel chose that moment to place a small bite to Dean’s clavicle, which distracted him enough that he accidentally shot way more lubricant than was needed all over his hand, and even a little on Castiel’s upper chest.
“Yes,” Naomi commanded, “You will. You are.”
“Spare me the details,” said Sam, rolling his eyes.
It happened so quickly that, later, Dean would remember it as only a flicker of images that circled repeatedly around his head, like a slide show on repeat.  There was Castiel, thrown aside by Lucifer.  There was the curious look on Lucifer’s face as he watched Dean disappear through the rift.  There was the glory of watching bullet after bullet zing through Lucifer’s body, and the fear that ripped through him when Lucifer was still alive, despite the angel-killing bullets that had torn apart so many lesser angels.
“Dean!” Castiel called after him, and he turned.  “I'm not wrong,” Castiel insisted.  “I'm going to fix my home.”
“Call it a miracle,” he said fiercely, and he burned her to ash.
Trigger warning for thoughts of suicide.  And kind-of-sort-of attempted suicide, but not really, which was TOTALLY IN CANON.  This was not even me.  This was ALL canon, people!
“Where to?” Dean asked Castiel when he climbed into the Impala.
“You sure about that?” Dean snapped.  It was the first time he’d spoken directly to Castiel in days.
“Your hair looks stupid,” Dean said, glancing Sam’s direction as he looked toward the passenger side mirror.
“Thank you, brother,” Benny said, gulping down the blood.  Almost immediately, the arm seemed to look a little better.  It stopped bleeding, and the ragged ends began to very slowly knot together, forming new, crystalline skin.
And, after all, if the girl had blue eyes and black hair again, nobody had to know but him.
As amazing as this afternoon with Dean had been, Castiel realized that he was floundering, wandering aimlessly with no purpose.  Dean was happy to have him along, but he wasn’t willing to admit to his true feelings yet.  In fact, Castiel suspected that Dean was more terrified he would leave again than truly happy he was there.  Castiel was low on options, however – he was terrified to return to Heaven, he wasn’t cutting it as a hunter, and worst of all, he hated himself.
to have been him.  Either way, he felt nearly overwhelmed by relief.
“Okay. I'll get Sam,” Castiel said simply.
“I plan to leave first thing in the morning,” Castiel said.
Malachi had said.  “
Dean, Castiel, and Mary managed to use the local traffic cameras to track Sam.  The car that kidnapped Sam had apparently taken him to a veterinary office, which was closed for lunch when they arrived.  The three of them stopped for coffee while Dean made a list of phone calls.
Forty-five minutes later, Castiel, who had been watching the soap opera with Dean, said, “I don’t understand.  Why is Dr. Sexy being so mean to Nurse Jennifer?”
“It didn’t feel like it,” said Dean, remembering the bloodlust caused by the Mark and the First Blade.
“Ugh,” Dagon said, flinging ash out of her long black hair.  Her eyes fixed on Kelly.  “Hey, girl.”
October flew quickly into November and then December.  Dean created a dating profile online, but only managed to attract a hooker who was being controlled by a demon.
push forward, fully erect and captivated by Castiel’s wet heat.  It was a tight fit even with the lube and Castiel’s angel powers, and Dean stopped to allow Castiel to get used to the size.
this electric storm of familiar heat.
“Amara,” he explained to the group.  “She... she’s alive.  She... she sent this message.”  Castiel opened his trench-coat and shirt to reveal a message carved into his chest.
Dean tried not to wince at Sam’s mention of his relationship.  He wasn’t sure what made it so difficult for his brother to mention, because it had nothing to do with his sexuality, not anymore.  Perhaps it was because he was so scared to lose it again.
Unable to think of anything else to say, Dean stomped out of the bunker and went to find Sam.
Castiel took the blade and considered his options.  Killing Dean could mean the end of the Battle for Metatron.  His followers would continue to put their faith in him, and Metatron’s final desperate battle would be lost.  They could take the fight to Metatron and take back Heaven.  Duty was first,
Over the following week, Eileen was killed, seemingly by Hellhounds.  Their mother, Mary, had gone MIA, and Mick Davies from the British Men of Letters was also suspiciously not answering calls.  Dean was beginning to feel that creepy, hair-raising hunter’s instinct that told him something was horribly
Until now.
“Yeah, exactly,” said Dean.
“Dean, I’m sorry I deceived you,” he said.  “It was my burden, to kill an innocent child.  I’ve seen nephilim who didn’t understand what they were doing burn down cities, kill off entire civilizations…. I thought it was the only way.
“It wasn’t easy,” Castiel said, “But I didn’t have a choice.”  Dean recognized the look in his eyes; haunted.  Castiel had done things he regretted to get his angel powers back.  Dean understood, and didn’t press.  Perhaps his friend wouldn’t have had to suffer if he had made a different choice, himself.
But Castiel is sure, they were both so busy avoiding the big conversation that they avoided other big conversations. Like Dean’s car, and his father’s tumultuous visit, full of slamming doors and whispered arguments, but Dean still smiles when he talks about how his father hugged him good-bye.
“She said she wants more from me than I can give,” Cas says suddenly, and Dean frowns. “She said she wanted me to be happy, but she didn’t want to compete for it.” Cas turns and fixes Dean with a stare, their eyes locked, and Dean raises his brows when his brain starts to piece that together.
“I would’ve been happy with the phone call,” Dean says, completely sincere. Their phone calls over the school year had been few and far between, but Dean had still been delighted every time his phone lit up with Cas’s name. “Besides,” Dean adds with a smirk, “I don’t think you have any idea how talented my hands are.”
Dean swallows. “So when are you gonna meet Lisa?” he asks, his voice too loud. Cas withdraws his foot, and Dean pretends it doesn’t feel like a loss.
They ride in comfortable silence for a while, taking their time and listening to Charlie and Benny tease one another. Dean relaxes back against Castiel’s chest, and smiles to himself when he feels a soft purr start rumbling from the alpha. It’s
“Okay.” And Castiel can’t see his face, but Dean’s voice is small and pleased, and he seems relaxed in Castiel’s arms. He wiggles his ass back into Castiel’s hips until Castiel huffs and pinches his belly, but after the laughter stops, it’s quiet and peaceful in a way that Castiel wants all the time.
He pauses, then steels himself, before swiftly turning around and stealing one last kiss. Even if he wants to come back, maybe for his next heat, there’s no guarantee that he’ll be able to get away again. Alone. Or that he’ll be able to remember how to find Castiel’s cottage.
Naomi doesn’t follow. The day continues like the conversation never occurred.
Castiel scowls. “So you get to completely dictate who I can and can’t spend time with.”
“Until you want to leave,” Dean says carefully. “If you end up not liking me or my family, you can go. Hell, if you just don’t like the castle, you can come back here. It’s drafty as hell this time of year.” He’s laughing, but it comes out hollow, so he clears his throat before continuing. “But if you want to be in the pup’s life, or, um…”
Castiel studies Dean, eyes narrowed, as he retrieves his marshmallow. "What are you in to?" He asks before popping it into his mouth.
“Well,” Dean sputters, moving his hands up to Castiel’s fists, trying to work himself free. Castiel takes the hint and lets him go, shoving him gently when he does so.
is among the recent calls.
Dean cards his fingers through Cas’s hair, whimpering softly as Cas nuzzles at him, but he tugs gently, drawing Cas’s attention towards his face instead. Cas gives him a small smile and crawls over his body, letting Dean’s hands explore the shape of his face as they lazily roll their hips together, cocks aligned but orgasm is no longer the point.
Balthazar waltzes through the front door just as Castiel is returning his phone to his ear. Cas waves a greeting, and Balthazar returns it with a curious expression just as the ringing stops.
And before he can let that sink in, that maybe this is his own fault and maybe he doesn’t have a right to be angry, Castiel turns to leave, petulantly kicking the chair behind him as he storms towards the door.
Slowly, Dean starts to grin. “Hell, yeah.”
Castiel blinks, slightly dumbfounded. He was literally just ogling her, and that’s what she comes up with? “What?”
There are people watching them. They’re subtle, but Castiel can still tell. He’s sure that most of them know exactly who he is, and once it occurs to him that he and Dean are supposed to be staying under the radar, he can’t help himself. As soon as the elevator doors
Balthazar’s eyes widen. “His
Now it’s Castiel who blinks, before frowning hard. “‘
Then, the long moment is over, and the opportunity is gone. With a high-pitched battle cry, Jo appears, and tackles Dean back to the dirt, leaving Castiel free to sit up and start shaking the sand from his hair. Dean roughly, easily, tosses Jo aside, but she’s giggling about it even as he scowls at her.
“I’m gonna have highs and lows like everyone else,” Dean continues. “My lows might be worse than some other people’s, but I never want to be that low again. So I paint flowers.”
“That was different,” Dean says softly. “That wasn’t a real relationship or anything, and it won’t happen again.”
It occurs to Castiel that that’s what Dean sees
“I thought you said he was an artist.”
Concern flitters through Dean’s mind just then, something about pups, but it’s there and gone quicker than a fairy’s wing. This feels too good to ruin with things they can’t choose or change.
Dean shrugs. “Better than you did, I bet.”
It’s a joke, but Dean is the only one who smiles. John grumbles something Castiel doesn’t hear, Mary glares at her husband, and Sam seems more interested in his food than in anything else.
Sam grins outright, and reaches over to jostle Castiel’s arm. “C’mon, it’s not a big deal. What’s the fun if I don’t tease you at least a little bit?”
And eventually, they do. Chuck hums to himself as he pulls into the parking lot. Their clean, fancy car stands out among the pick-up trucks and minivans, and Castiel hunches in on himself, embarrassed. It’s nice, getting to spend time with his dad, but it feels weird coming here without his friends. Chuck puts a hand on Castiel’s shoulder, guiding him inside, and he leaves it there as they place their order, pick it up, until they find a little table to sit at outside. The wind has died down some, but the dark clouds on the horizon are still coming in, so Castiel thinks they might have to eat quickly to avoid the storm.
Still, as Sam repeatedly pointed out, “No one – not you, not Dean – not anybody can tell me what those consequences are!”  More importantly, Castiel failed to see another way to solve the problem.  He didn’t want to kill his friend – he was no longer even sure that he could.  Therefore, he assisted Sam in his plans for the Book of the Damned with renewed energy.
Dean hooked up with a buxom blond girl on Valentine’s Day.  It hadn’t exactly been a planned hook-up, but he was there, and she was there, and Dean was horny, and it was “Unattached Drifter’s Christmas.”  By now, Sam knew better than to say anything more than teasingly calling him “classy.”  Dean had finally stopped stomping around the bunker and snapping at Sam for every minor transgression, and he assumed that Sam was refraining from asking him about Castiel in order to maintain the bunker’s current peaceful atmosphere.
More than a week went by.  Sam invited Castiel to stay at the bunker to heal from his wounds, and changed the warding so that he could enter.  Dean didn’t object, hoping that the angel would be able to help with Sam’s illness, or at least lessen his symptoms.  Still, that didn’t mean Dean had to be friendly toward the angel. When Castiel walked into a room, Dean walked out.  When Castiel attempted to make conversation, Dean did his best to make him feel unwelcome.  When Castiel apologized, Dean told him to “take your little apology and cram it up your ass.”
Dean felt a horrible wave of guilt.  Perhaps the Castiel Dean had known was really and truly gone.  Another item to add to the pile of things that were Dean’s fault, that he could’ve stopped if he’d been stronger, if he’d realized earlier.  If he’d only realized earlier that something was wrong after Purgatory.  If he’d been less afraid of his feelings and checked in on Castiel more, if he’d searched for him earlier after he became human, if he’d ignored Castiel’s wishes and checked on him after he kicked him out of the bunker.
If Heaven got ahold of the tablet, they could make Kevin translate it.  They could use it to make themselves more powerful, or even restart the Apocalypse, if they wanted.  They could make him kill more of his brothers, or even the Winchesters.  They could cause a genocide.  The tablet contained a power that was beyond just the knowledge it contained – his freedom from Naomi was proof of that.
“Your turn,” Castiel said.  He was eager to try out the humming.
Dean sat up in his seat, throwing Castiel’s hand off of him.  The angel gave him his “kicked puppy” look again, this time mixed with more than a tiny amount of annoyance.
“No, Dean,” Castiel said stubbornly, turning to face him.  “I'm not.  I failed at being an angel. Everything I ever attempted came out wrong.  But here, at least I have a shot at getting things right.  I guess you can't see it, but … there's a real dignity in what I do – human dignity.”
“I just dropped by to tell you that the Staff and the Rod are both duds,” Crowley commented.  “After I realized the Staff was out of juice, I dropped by and tested the Rod as well.”  His eyes glittered with malice.  “
Dean was busy looking at invitation, and the words on the page suddenly made him feel as though his heart were pumping twice as fast.  “This invitation is for Sir Walter Cannon Jr. and his husband, James Carmichael III.”
“Very much,” Castiel said, and this answer came easily.
Sam caught Castiel’s eye a few times during the first few days after the massacre of the loan sharks, silently acknowledging how close Dean and Castiel were sitting, or when they had just completed one of the long periods of wordless communication through staring that had always been so common between them.  Finally, on the fifth day after the massacre, Sam caught both of them coming out of Dean’s room.  Castiel looked at Dean to see how he would handle the situation, but Dean simply shrugged, grinned at his brother, and continued on down the hallway.
“Hit squad?  Bartholomew’s people?” asked Dean.
“It’s no matter,” Castiel said, waving it off.
After that, the phone disconnected, and Dean skipped his next meal and the next five of his usual masturbation sessions.
The two of them headed toward what had previously been the room where the auction pieces were being shown off.  Now, the financier was stationed there, with a small table and a tablet.  The financier was an older gentleman with piercing blue eyes.
mind.  This intimacy,
“And leave you here with the King of Hell?” asked Dean, alarmed.  “Come on!”
“I'll do anything you want,” said a second voice.  “Okay, please.  You don't need to do this.  Please.”
But Dean could still see Castiel’s blank stare, and fear gripped him.
But, just like in Purgatory, there was no answer.
“Oh,” said Dean.  He seemed to process for a second.  Then he asked again, “Why did you remove it when you healed me?  The handprint disappeared, after Stull Cemetary.”
This break up was so incredibly hard to navigate within the scope of not being able to subtract anything that was said, only additions!  They had to break up, because Dean sleeps with some girl in the next episode and I wasn’t writing infidelity.  But, the end result is something I’m extremely proud of.
On the other hand, Dean was overwhelmed with guilt about how his time in Purgatory had ended, and worried about the future of their friendship.
“Well, he's not that far,” said Dean, looking suspicious of him.  “I've been meaning to... go check on him, bring him some supplies.”
“Aw!” Dagon chided.  “Adorbs!”
“Crowley thinks he might have a lead in Massachusetts,” said Castiel.  “And Dean, I’ve already told you, finding Lucifer is my -…”
Six months after –
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re going to stay at the bunker now, though, right?” Dean asked.  “Kevin is still translating the angel tablet, and maybe we can find something there.”
Another long pause.  Finally, Sam said, “I’m glad he has you, Cas.”
Honestly, the real reason Dean hated Jack was because he reminded him so much of a younger Castiel that it was almost uncanny – powerful, but often naïve and occasionally innocently clueless.  The fact that his birth had also led to Castiel’s death was an extra slap in the face.
She was obviously important to him, for her to have been let into the bunker willingly.
Dean rode the high, kissing Castiel for all he was worth and wrapping his arms around him to pull them the rest of the way together.  Castiel responded enthusiastically, backing the two of them up against the wall next to the door.  Dean had grown to love that Castiel could manhandle him like this, that they weren’t afraid to be rough with each other.
“Dammit, Cas!” Dean exclaimed, rolling to the side in surprise, the bottle of lubrication dangling from his hand.
“Oh, I'm afraid I am,” said Metatron.  “I know about the Mark.  I have your Grace.  I make the rules.  It's called leverage, boys.  Learn it, live it, love it.”
In Purgatory, Castiel had abandoned Dean because he once again had taken everything on himself.  Dean had had to spend months looking for the angel before he could leave.  Even then the angel hadn’t trusted him enough to leave with him.
“Can we, uh -- can we take this somewhere else, guys?” asked Sam, looking at Hannah and Benjamin.  Both were looking uncomfortable.
“Dean, everything you just said is completely true.  And that's the strange part.  I... have no idea.  I remember endlessly running and hiding from leviathan, and then I was on the side of the road in Illinois.  And... that was it.”
Finally, Castiel learned that Kelly had been spotted with a demon with yellow eyes – presumably Dagon.  He was on his way to tell Dean at the bunker when an angel named Kelvin sought him out for a discussion.
“And if I’m gone for a month, Dean, there’s a strong possibility that I’m
In Purgatory, there had been moments where he had felt more in sync, more connected, with Castiel than he had ever felt with anyone in his life.  He’d had to be – it was how they’d survived.  They moved as one, both when they fought and also in the few precious moments they had had groping each other in a cluster of bushes.
“That machine identifies even the
He felt trapped, if he was honest.  Death had seemed like a way out, a way to end the pain.  Apparently, even that option had been cut off from him.
This changed things, and Dean knew it.  Instead of tracking Kelly, Castiel could track the demons and angels on her tail, and it was twice as important to do so as it had been just that morning.
“She’s trying to find her place,” Castiel told Dean over the phone one day in late October.  “Give her some space.  I would think it would still be nice to have her only a text away.”
“So, last words,” said his older brother.
Castiel was forced to kill Bartholomew in self-defense after the later finally captured and confronted him.  Afterward, several of Bartholomew’s followers approached Castiel and asked him to lead them in the search for and fight against Metatron, though he refused.  Malachi was killed as well, and more and more angels slowly approached Castiel and asked for advice or assistance.
“So, this was some kind of hit?” asked Sam.
Billie went on to ask Dean for information about the rift Jack had caused between worlds.  He told her everything he knew, in return for help with his current case.
Dean looked at Castiel’s hand and made no move to dislodge it.  He was smiling nonchalantly, but vulnerability shown in his eyes and Castiel was sure that the smile was an act.  When he opened his mouth to speak, Castiel could tell that he was choosing his words carefully.  “And… also… yes.  Here, tonight,” Dean said, his voice lowering slightly.
“We’ve got to stop him,” said Dean simply.
“Oh, I
“Dean, we both know that’s not true,” Sam said, picking up a book of spells they hadn’t yet looked through.  “If you prayed, he’d take Kelly and haul ass here as quick as he could.”
They had fallen into the back seat in a combination of sweaty bodies.  Dean relaxed against the door, now fully clothed except for his shoes.  In his haste to put clothes on (they were outside, after all), he had put his shirt on backward and couldn’t bring himself to care.  Castiel laid against him, bereft for once of everything except his undershirt and boxers.  Dean’s jacket provided a pillow for his head, and Castiel’s trenchcoat laid over both of them.  Castiel looked every bit as sated as Dean felt, a serene smile stretched across his face and his hair sticking up at odd angles.  In fact, the only thing that belied his true angelic nature was the fact that his eyes were open and he didn’t look remotely tired.
“All right, my shift's over in five minutes, and my date's not until later, so...”
“Sold, to the gentleman in the back!”
“I… wouldn’t go
“Meaning what?” asked Dean.
Season 8, Part 4
either of you kill an innocent?”
“Your vessel’s family?” Dean asked, caught off guard and derailed, for the first time in the entire conversation, from his thoughts about Hannah.
“Grace?” Dean asked again, taking the towel.  Castiel smiled.
.  Castiel hadn’t
“I’m so sorry, Dean,” he said.
to hunt, various monsters that seemed hellbent on ruining the new status quo that Sam and Dean had worked so hard to build.
“Great,” said Dean.  He looked uncomfortable, but resigned to the idea.
Castiel held up two fingers for the bartender, whose name was Dwight.  “Do you really think it's wise to be drinking on the job?”
“Are you done, your honor?” Dean asked.
Dean continued to ignore him, but he opened his backpack so that Castiel could see his laptop, and shoved it toward the angel.
He let out an undignified sound of surprise as Dean attempted to pull him toward the passenger seat by his lapels.  When Castiel didn’t move with him, he abandoned ship and moved all the way forward into Castiel’s space, fastening his lips to Castiel’s in a bruising kiss.  Lightning shot down Castiel’s spine, and he followed his lips and reached out with his arms before he realized what had happened.
Despite Castiel’s insistence that he didn’t sleep, the angel had been sleeping even more often than Dean.  Each day, however, he looked more tired and strained.  At times, he began to shudder or convulse.  “I’m drawing on my grace to keep the spell at bay,” he explained to Dean.  “It’s weakening me, but at least I’m still in control.  But it’s not infinite, and my grace can’t heal or replenish while I’m in this condition.  I need to find something-…”
“Cat’s out!” Lucifer said, and he threw Dean across the table.  He landed on the floor on the other side, against the wall.
Dean had hope that his feelings would change when he arrived back at the bunker.  Surely it would be a relief to return to where he felt most comfortable.  He smiled a small smile as he watched Sam lead the way underground, letting out a sigh of relief as his fingers trailed reverently across the top of the stairwell leading downward.  Castiel took up the rear, following Dean and looking put-upon.
Castiel knew Dean was mad about his working on the Book of the Damned with Sam, but he didn’t see that he’d had another choice.  That was becoming clearer by the day.  “Sam and I were trying to cure you!  We still are!” he shouted.
A fierce ache shot through him to hear Castiel’s voice again.  He felt something lift off of him, a burden he hadn’t even known he carried.
… around
Dean opened his eyes when Castiel walked in the room as though he could somehow sense the angel’s presence.  The lines in his face seemed to melt away somewhat, and he gave a soft smile.  “Cas,” he said pleasantly, and motioned with his finger for Cas to sit next to him on the bed.  “Shut the door, man.”
“You really don’t have to-…”
Season 12, Part 1
“Don’t get me wrong, Cas,” Dean said.  “I’m hurt.  I’m pissed, and I’m hurt, and it’ll be a little bit before I trust you again as a partner.  You didn’t even tell me you were leaving, much less where you were going.  And I get it, you’re a big-shot angel, and you needed to go to Heaven and… make nice.  OK?  I get that.”
Dean laughed huskily, massaging the same spot again.  This was going better than Dean could’ve hoped for.  He had researched this, of course, since the last time he and Castiel had been together – imagined it in his head more than a few times.  He inserted another finger, kissing Castiel’s thigh.  Castiel groaned, “Dean, gaaaahhh, I don’t wanna-…”
He felt completely defeated.
“Yes, Cas, yes!” Dean groaned, grinding Castiel’s front against his own, desperate for friction.
Castiel reappeared sooner than Dean expected, ironically.  All Dean had to do was pray to him explaining that they had a lead on a God-powered weapon but needed his help to obtain it.  When they called him two minutes later, he finally answered.
“He must be in trouble,” Sam said one day in early March.  “It’s been months since we’ve heard from him, and he hasn’t been to Heaven since he was full of the leviathans.”
But Dean turned off the TV.
Dean looked surprised, and hurt.  “What kinds of conditions?” he said suspiciously, taking a gulp of his beer.
“I know, dude,” said Sam.  “Dean told me so this morning, too.”  Sam had stopped calling the boys “Little Dean” and “Little Cas” several years ago, relying on context clues to differentiate exactly who they meant.  Reluctantly, Dean had followed Sam’s example.
"That explains my headache."
"Fucking amazing", was the respond, making Dean laugh loudly. Cas smiled at the sounds, "but I'm tired."
"Cas", Dean groaned and rubbed over his face, "no chick-flick-moments."
Dean may or may not thought about the discovery of Cas' little kink more than he would like to admit. It just never left his mind.
It was getting to Cas sometimes more than he wished for. The thought that Dean would turn him down someday because of what he truly was, was a fear he had never experienced before. He was trying to act more and more like a human but both of them knew that he would always remain an angel of the lord.
"Nevermind", Dean sighed and pulled at the wings just to let go and let them snap back against Cas, "it was fun, I'm so gonna keep the costume."
"I never cared about details regarding intercourse before. Do I have to wait it out?"
Cas hummed low, focused on the documentary they showed on Tv while laying on Dean's bed. Dean definitely regretted ever showing Cas the wonders of TV.
The wings flapped at every new thrust, the halo swung around, Dean really enjoyed just watching the angel falling apart on him. He leaned in and captured Cas' lips again. Cas continued to moan, voice getting higher and higher but the sounds get swallowed by Dean.
"Okay, sure", Cas agreed to it calmly. Sex was still something unfamiliar to him so he was glad for every time Dean had a specific idea in mind they could work out.
"Damn", Dean commented, his voice lower than usual, making him clear his throat. "Why do you keep doing that?", Cas asked, voice unsteady and whiny. "Just curious", Dean answered absent, his eyes still focused on his hair, pulling at it again. Cas gulped visibly and closed his eyes.
"Could you maybe do me a tiny favour? I've been like thinking-"
"What is it?", Dean pulled in the waistband of his boxers just so it would snap back against his skin.
Cas promised himself he would never do Dean Winchester a favor again.
"I'm going to punish you for being late."
"Do you want me to go?"
Cas needed to stop thinking, he could feel his dick getting hard.
Cas moaned against the -now wet- fabric and nuzzled more against his crotch while his own boxers are starting to feel way to tight for his own boner but the rope around his arms kept him from just pleasuring himself.
"No problem buddy", Dean answered, "best decision ever. Even though my boxers are ruined." Cas raised two of his fingers and put them on Dean's forehead, "not anymore."
"You gonna come?", Dean whispered rough in the kiss as he felt Cas twitch in his hand, "you gonna come just from my cock?" Cas whined, nodded and clawed deeper in Dean's back and probably left some bruised. "Fuck, I'm gonna come too, Cas", Dean gasped and pushed his hips up in a fitting rhythm to Cas' bounces.
"Uh, yeah, basically", Dean answered, "and you don't do it with your friends, buddy." Cas squinted his eyes at that, looking down at him as if he was calculating something.
"I apologise. I'm... rather unfamiliar with this feeling."
Now closer than before Dean could admire Cas' heated cheeks and his blue eyes that were darkened by lust.
"Y-Yes, Sir", Cas breathed out shaking, the weird and new feeling of the chains were fucking him up, "ah", he muttered when Dean's hands slipped inside his boxers.
"Car", Dean ordered and dragged the angel suddenly off the impala, "get in the car. Backseat. Now." Cas submitted without a question, opened the door and quickly got into the backseat. Dean looked around one last time, couldn't see a thing in the darkness and went in after the angel.
"I know", Dean sighed, his mouth quirked up for a short reassuring smile, "gotta keep your army in line after all." Cas reciprocate the sad smile and breathed out a small 'yeah'.
Dean couldn't even fool himself at this point.
"I know-", oh god maybe it wasn't a prostitute. Maybe Gabriel booked some shady dude who's gonna beat the shit out of him.
Cas played with his fingers and thought for a moment before he nodded, "I know", he muttered finally, "I didn't mean to accuse you of that. We can try it out."
"Yeah, you kinda looked freaked out the first time", Dean huffed amused, just couldn't bring himself to stop pulling his hair.
"So you want to dress up as an angel while intercourse?", Cas asked to be sure, head tilted but Dean shook his head. "Not me", he explained, "I had hoped that you could wear it."
The fourth time it was actually Cas tugging Dean's hair.
"Oh. Right, I remember."
That however didn't stop him from teasing Dean a bit by licking the underside of his dick up until he could suck on the tip and hum in appreciation.
"You make me feel better", Cas answered, eyes closed and body pressing closer to his hands. "Glad to hear that", Dean's low, soothing voice filled the air. "So calm", Cas continued absent, his head felt empty, "so good. Feel good."
"C-Can I-", Cas stopped and rethought the sentence, "I want to get you off... Sir."
Dean hold onto Cas' hair and pushed his tongue impatiently in Cas' mouth, leaning directly against the angel. "Dean", Cas whimpered, voice cracking and out of breath, driving the hunter insane, "hair."
Cas nervously twitched and tried to move a bit but was firmly but not harmful restrained. "It's alright, angel", Dean soothed him, his hand hovering over his exposed chest before he leaned back took off his jacket and rolled up his sleeves a bit. The jacket fell on the chair beside the dresser and Cas wanted to say something just as Dean walked straight out of the door without saying another word. His eyes went wide when he was left alone, tied up and half naked in his bedroom.
Dean snickered and pinched his sides, earning a low whimper, "knew you needed something to calm you and make you feel good. Do you know what a Subspace is, angel?"
Cas moaned loud as his head was pulled back without a warning, the sharp tug making him shiver. Dean pressed a last, wet kiss on Cas swollen lips and went down to his neck, licking and biting himself a way. The angels bit his lip to suppress a yelp when Dean's teeth collided with his flushed skin and left a dark bruise.
"Can you do it again?", Cas asked him, sounding almost shy at the request. "Seriously? Now?", Dean asked, made sure that Sam still wasn't back before placing his hand in Cas' hair. "It feels pleasant", Cas hummed as an answer, pushing himself more against Dean's hand like a cat.
"Dean, work quicker", he demanded, nails scratching over the hunter's back accidentally. "Alright, alright", Dean soothed him, sliding out of Cas, to place him over his erected dick, "here you go sweetheart."
"It's making me nervous", Cas told him, "because I'm not familiar with these kind of sensations."
"Please", he whined after a while, a few tears already fell on the couch. God, he never needed relief more than right now. He maybe could actually come like this if he would just rub a bit more against the armrest but he highly doubted that Dean would allow or like it.
"Buddy", he cleared his throat, "no that- no. Not the right mood. You gotta-", Dean didn't knew how he should explain it to the angel, "not everyone's that sensitive so you got to bring them in the mood, you know? Like foreplay. Kissing, rubbing, dirty talk, whatever. Why are you so into it anyway? Got a chick on the hook or something?"
Dean placed another kiss on his chest while nudging the chains teasingly, a shiver ran down Cas' spine, "do you wanna know what I had planned for you, angel?" Cas moaned loudly and nodded because hell yes, he so wanted to know.
"S-Session?", Cas asked and wiped over his face. Now Dean was the one who looked at him in confusion, "our session right now, Castiel", Dean explained slowly, "how many Dom's did you had before, Cas?"
Dean hold Cas in place with one hand and reached for the glasses with the other. After a moment of inspecting the round glasses he pulled Cas back, who whined because of that, and put the glasses on him.
Why did he leave? Why didn't he say something else? Will he be back?
That went on for a few moments, Cas actually forgot his own need of receiving pleasure by just giving pleasure and actually enjoying it. When Dean gripped harder on his hair and pushed his hips a bit forward he got even more motivated and sped up, started humming again just for the vibration.
"I'm sorry", answered the heat source in a rough voice that opened Dean's eyes widely. As he slowly woke up more and more he felt the warm arms wrapped around his upper body and the fluffy hair that tickled his neck.
This was not a big deal. Just one buddy helping another. Totally wasn't something Dean had been dreaming about.
Cas' hands went under the blankets, Dean could hear the zipper and then the rustling of his pants. "Okay", Dean breathed out, Cas' eyes were constantly on him and making him nervous, "if you ever tell somebody about this, you're dead. Capiche?"
“No, dude,” said Sam.  “I’m fried, and my neck already hurts from sleeping shotgun earlier.  I need a bed.  Preferably one on the other side of the motel from whatever you two have planned.”
Dean broke apart from Castiel as though burned, but gave the butler a wolfish grin.  “Sorry, man,” he said.
“So… when you’re, like, not affected by an aphrodesiac, are you ever… you know, do you ever want… something like this?” Dean asked.  “With… someone?”
Dean had a feeling that Sam had a plan to corner him and attempt a heart-to-heart in the Impala.  In all honesty, Dean was surprised that Sam had held out this long.  Just that morning alone, he had snapped at Sam for knocking too loudly on his door too early in the morning, for drinking the last of the coffee, and for putting a pair of headphones in to listen to a podcast halfway through a Led Zeppelin song.
“I don't know,” Dean said.  “I mean, first he was okay, and then he wasn't.  And I – have you heard my prayers?  I've been praying to you all night.”
The bond between them was too powerful to ignore.  It had started, Dean understood, due to his Mark of Cain.  Amara said, “You’re the one who set me free.  It was destiny.  You bore the Mark.  I am the original Mark.  You and I will be together.”
Dean had barely sprung the locks on the handcuffs when Castiel used his grace to clean his vessel.  Rumpled, sticky, sweaty clothing once again became clean, the scuffs on his shoes disappeared, and his untidy hair once again fell into place.  Dean looked up in surprise, and it was only then that Castiel realized he had never done this in front of his friend before.
“The Darkness,” agreed Castiel.  “What does she want?”
At that point, and with Sam’s prodding, and Garth’s blessing, Dean had agreed to take the boy in.  Little Cas would go to school in Lawrence, and he could accompany Dean on hunts so long as it worked around his school schedule.  The hunting was slower than ever, Miracle had died recently, and Dean was more than ready for a new challenge.  Sam had another reason for pushing this arrangement, though his brother would never admit it – Dean was over 50 now, and beginning to get creaky.  Dean knew that Little Cas provided him as much protection on hunts as he provided the boy.
Castiel squeezed Dean’s hand back, even as he prepared his angel blade with his other hand.
The idea was almost laughable, but suddenly Dean began to doubt.
“Yeah, I was.  But then I… annoyed an ancient cosmic being so much that he sent me back.”
“Cannon,” Dean said, adopting what he thought was a regal air.  “Walter Cannon, Jr.  And my h-husband, Ca-James Carmichael the third.”
“Oh,” Dean said.  Suddenly he was overwhelmed with relief and embarrassment.  Apparently, Sam had been right – they
Disappointed and upset, Castiel rushed back to Missouri with Sam.  When Castiel had last spoken to Dean on the phone, the hunter had discovered that a reaper called Tessa, and at least one other reaper called Constantine, were planning suicide bombs like the one at the ice cream parlor.  Dean had subdued Tessa, and he was supposed to be working with the other angels to find Constantine, and to find out for certain who they were working for and what their goal was.
Dean was already headed for the bathroom.  The whole thing was decorated with black marble – a double sink, a standing shower and, behind a separate door, a sprawling jacuzzi.
Castiel gave a genuine smile, then raised an eyebrow, gesturing for Dean to continue.
Dean sighed, but didn’t hang up.  His arm twitched.  “Crowley wants to end Abaddon… I want to end Abaddon,” he said, shrugging.  “It’s like I said, man.  It’s a means to an end.”
“No,” said Sam, seeming surprised.  “Um, not for a while.  Why?”
The boy didn’t see the affectionate grin Dean shot him, nor the nostalgic frown that followed it.
Not that this was the first time he’d wondered about anal sex.  It was just that until now, girls had always been… more entertaining.  More appealing, less drama, less self-hatred, less…
Dean, Sam, and Castiel searched though all of the books in the bunker and everywhere else they thought might be helpful, but found no information on how to remove the Mark of Cain.  Even the Enochian passages Sam had found in an old book turned out to be unhelpful, and in fact made no mention of the Mark.  Christmas and then New Year’s passed steadily.  Both were pleasant, despite the Mark looming over the proceedings.
“I don’t-…” Castiel started, then attempted to collect himself.  “What are you doing here?”
Castiel groaned, arching his back, his fingers digging into the sheets.  “Dean, gaaaahhh!”
Crowley shrugged.  “Each to his own.”  He held out a wallet to Dean, along with a printed invitation.  “Like I said, it’s all above board, at least until tomorrow.”
“Don’t!” Castiel warned the demon, who had held up his hands to magically assist Castiel with his bow-tie.  “I’ll do it myself.”
Afterward, Dean had hoped that Castiel would jump into the Impala with him and Sam (or even into his awful Lincoln Continental) and accompany them back to the bunker.  He realized that it had been more than a month since he’d really seen Castiel in person for more than five minutes, much less a lengthy conversation or sex.
Castiel did some quick thinking.  He wanted, desperately, to be with Dean.  But Naomi was correct about one thing… the tablet was too important.  It had to be hidden.  He had to keep it safe… not just from demons, but from Naomi, too.
They breathed as one, both having long abandoned kissing.  Castiel’s eyes seemed to burn into his very soul, and Dean could feel fire coiling rapidly inside him.
“You know this world-- this sad, doomed little world-- it needs you.  It needs every last Winchester it can get, and I will not let you die.  I won’t let any of you die.  And I won’t let you sacrifice yourselves.  You mean too much to me, to everything.  Yeah, you made a deal.  You made a stupid deal, and I broke it.  You’re welcome!”
“Handle it!” Naomi demanded.
Seconds later, he was out.
“Mind you, every time anybody asks him or Charlie or Ash about it, everything turns into technical jargon that sounds like part astrophysics and part Enochian.  But they seem awfully sure of themselves.
“All I wanted was to be left alone.  But then you come.  You... steal from me.  And that?  Ooh.  That I cannot abide.”
“And do what?” Castiel said stubbornly.  “Just abandon them all?”
ended well.
He was truly lost.
Dean looked away again.  “I don’t know what I’m doin’, but yeah, you seem to like it.”  Dean looked as though it had suddenly occurred to him that Castiel might
“Perhaps he had another reason for the aphrodisiac,” Imamu wondered aloud, smiling at his wife.  “If all of these couples simply want to leave, they will not stay to outbid him.  There must be an item he really wants this year in the bunch from the private donors.”
Dean smilled.  “Your honor” had been a new nickname bestowed upon Sam after he had helped his boss at his internship win a major case, making himself invaluable to the firm.  He wouldn’t officially graduate law school for another few months, but the firm had already made Sam an offer of employment afterward.
“It’s only a small bit,” he said, placing the cap on the bottle.  “In times of heavy war where vessels were used, angels would occasionally give a small amount of their grace to a most trusted comrade to stow away somewhere unseen.”  He healed the small cut, still smiling.
“What had to be done,” Castiel said shakily.
“Dean?” he said, following Dean over to where he had struck up a conversation with Chuck.
Season 11, Part 3
Castiel took a clipboard offered by a beer salesman that had entered and signed for the beer.  “I'm responsible for inventory, sales, customer service.  I keep this place clean and presentable.  And when my manager's busy, I even prepare the food.”
“And then after the cage… nada.  Zip.  And there was absolutely
As an angel, Castiel didn’t feel things the way that humans did.  The feelings of everyday life as a human were muted.  Eating, sleeping, digestion, and other bodily functions were not necessary, and he had lived too long and was too powerful for the minor things to matter.  He felt his dedication to whatever mission he happened to be on at the time, his love (and longing) for Dean, and his guilt for his past transgressions… but that was usually it.
“No.  I can't,“ Castiel whispered, defeated.
He did need to tell Dean about Kelly Kline and Dagon, though, so he made a quick phone call to Dean before he left.  And then, finally, Castiel returned to Heaven.
“My grace is dwindling,” said Castiel frustratedly.  “I haven’t got long.  I’m trying to wait as long as possible before I use more of it.”
Dean leaned forward and latched onto Castiel’s collarbone, skimming it with his teeth and sucking.  Castiel lurched forward and groaned “Dean!” into his ear like an exaltation.  Castiel melded his chest to Dean’s, and it felt like coming home, far more hot and comfortable even than the jacuzzi.
“Sure,” Dean said, handing the journal to Castiel.
It was a death sentence for Dean, of course… but not a permanent death, Castiel would make sure of it.  God would have ideas, and even though he was dying, he still had more power in his little finger than Castiel did in his entire being.  It wouldn’t be the first time Dean was brought back from the dead, or even the second time.  It was odd, Castiel mused, the things he considered to be “all in a day’s work.”
Castiel was fairly certain that’s
– tried to cage her again.  Fearful and enraged, she turned the tables on them, directing all of her anger at Chuck.  When she had finished, God himself lay on the ground, dying.
“Want me to do the rest too?” Castiel said against his ear, and Dean rubbed upward against Castiel in response.
A stab of guilt sliced through Dean.  “You know, Cas and I might not agree all the time, but at least he knows who his real friends are.”
“I’m afraid this can’t wait,” Castiel insisted.  “Naomi has taken Metatron.”
The words came floating back to him, along with a thousand other memories of Dean.  Their bond flared to life deep within Castiel, a thin, sunny lifeline that he clung to.
“All right,” Sam said.  “So, who... or what got him out?”
“About the grace?” asked Hannah.
“Yeah,” said Castiel.  “That sounds… really good…”
, he had to be
“Rowena,” Castiel realized.
“Besides, we’ve got bigger fish to fry,” said Dean.
“Well, at least I made it to Heaven,” he said aloud.
“No, Dean.  It's not,” Castiel defended.  “Nora – she's a very nice woman, I'm pretty sure she's not a reaper intent on killing me … and she's asked me out.”  Dean wondered if this was the first girl that Castiel had been with since the reaper or if there had been other women.  Maybe Castiel was completely straight now?  (Dean ignored the irony of this thought.)
Dean felt confused, as though he had missed a step.
Dean’s eyes flew open, meeting Castiel’s piercing blue ones.  This Castiel was the one he had always known – his best friend, his lover, his
He hadn’t said, “I love you, too.  Please don’t leave without me.”
“Uh... I'm okay,” Castiel said.
He definitely wasn’t getting this across correctly.  “Cas, you’ve got to understand.  I’m not a cheater.  I’m
Dean checked his pistol, then checked his sawed-off, glancing out the front window of the impala.
the bond.”
at 4:35 PM
The portly man didn’t seem to notice their awkwardness.  “Ooooh right this way, sir!” he said.  “It’s an honor to meet you.  All the way from America!  Mr. Laurent will be so happy!”
“I don't know,” Castiel answered, following Dean’s eyes to a trail of blood on the floor.  “We came back here, there was a woman waiting for us.  She blasted me away.  I don't know who she was.  I don't know what happened to Sam.”
More than anything, it was a lot to take in.  When they’d started on this mission, Castiel and Dean barely even touched, and Dean had never voiced allowed his feelings for the angel, not even to Sam, and much less to Castiel himself.
“From Naomi?” asked Dean, and Castiel’s mind snapped back to the conversation at hand.
this, too,” wouldn’t have gone amiss, he thought resentfully.  But Castiel was focused on the problem at hand, and that was normal, for Castiel.
Behind Castiel, there was a whole board of red “Heaven call waiting” buttons, and Castiel was ignoring them all.
Sam was driving and Dean was sitting shotgun, but Castiel’s right hand was stationed on Dean’s right shoulder.  Although it was much more affection than they typically showed in public, they both seemed desperate to prove to themselves that this was real and not a dream or an illusion.  Dean was glad that Castiel was feeling the same way he was.
“Can I at least ride in the front seat?” Castiel asked.
Rarely, Benny would come across a creature that appeared to be willing to engage in sex of some sort.  The two of them would size each other up, engage in a quick romp in whatever bush was nearest, and then go their separate ways.  Most of these were female, but a few were male.  Occasionally, Benny would ask Dean if he wanted to join.
Dean was feeling impatient, but had no other choice.  Castiel’s efforts to reassured him shoved at the panic, but his heart still beat quickly and he stared at Castiel accusingly.
Castiel drove all over the country searching for books and old Enochian texts about the Mark.  He met a few angels and even more demons, but to no avail.
only if we don’t manage to kill him with the angel-killing bullets you told me about before he gets that far.”
“Yeah, I capiche,” said Castiel, looking disappointed.
“No problem,” said Dwight as Gail left.
And then there was Lucifer.  Dean and Sam had gone to so much trouble to put Lucifer into the Cage, only to have Castiel come and let him back out again.  It was Castiel’s job to make it right this time.
Castiel hit a spot inside him (
Besides, he had promised Dean he would watch over Sam.
He froze, his brain short-circuiting.  From behind him, there was wolf-whistling and clapping, and Sam’s voice saying, “Well, it’s about damn time!”
“Dean, I need to leave the bunker for awhile,” Castiel said.  It was a Tuesday evening, and despite the agitation caused by the Mark, Dean had actually been having a decent day.  Castiel had caught him in his bedroom around noon, and they’d had sex for over an hour.  He had, of course, failed to find any useful literature on the Mark, but had taken a break to wash and wax Baby and to clean his guns.
“Sam is
But Sam was once more leaned over on the table asleep, letting out soft snores.
Crowley straightened his black suit-jacket.  “Well, I can see when I’m not ‘part of the gang,’” he said.  “Keep the suits,” he added, waving his hand.  “They’re probably both covered in angel sperm.”
She wasn’t, and even if she was, Dean woudn’t have been interested.
“Crowley’s right,” Castiel said.  “You should go.”
When Castiel grabbed his cock it surprised him, almost causing him to lose it.  He cried out, increasing his bouncing to match the fire igniting inside of him.  He knew he didn’t have long.  He was about to grunt that he was close when Castiel seized up, grunting out his release.
When he crept up behind Billie, Mary Winchester had a gun to her head and Sam and Dean were both screaming –
“What do you want, Metatron?” Sam asked wearily.
Castiel asked him.
“All right,” Dean said.  “Yeah, that sounds like something.  We should go check it out.”
Castiel listened carefully.  Joshua rarely spoke, but when he did speak his words were all the more important.
Even before Cain’s death he had been agitated constantly, biting Sam’s and Castiel’s head off over every little thing.  Really, it was a wonder Castiel had stuck around so long before he had gone to find Cain.  It was a wonder he had come back again, at least for the time being.
than that.
“I think I found the angel trials, but I don't see anything about a nephilim or a cupid's bow or anything like that,” Kevin told Dean and Castiel over the phone.
“Dean,” said Castiel, surprised.  “You’ve always exceeded my expectations.”
But Dean shook his head.  Castiel saw his eyes, still so clear.  Still sober, not sloshy and confused like Castiel felt.
There were two more thrusts, each of them brief but overwhelming, before Dean grumbled, “Cas… naked… now.”  Dean began work on Castiel’s belt and Castiel mimicked his movements, both stepping out of their pants awkwardly.  Castiel had briefly considered magicking both sets of pants away, but ultimately decided that for now he preferred this.  There was a certain charm and ritual to it, like a child unwrapping a gift at Christmas.
Dean determinedly eyed the steering wheel.
“Gaah, Cas!” Dean groaned, his hands sporadically grabbing for any part of Castiel he could reach.  He eventually settled for one hand on Castiel’s ass and one on his back, and then managed somehow to scoot downward in the jacuzzi.  His ass made a soft squelching sound as he moved downward, which they both chose to ignore.
Dean was heating up, from the jacuzzi, from Cas, from
never gone
“So you just… you just
“No, I saw Cas kill you,” he said determinedly.
“Dean!” Castiel moaned into Dean’s ear.  “I want – !”
“That’s my boy!” said Dean, laughing.
anything.  If we…
for you,
Dean insisted on taking the Impala, of course.  He drove through the night, to Hastings, Nebraska, with Castiel in the passenger seat.
“It is more than just a physical thing,” Castiel advised.  “It will take a very powerful force to remove the effect.”
Castiel turned over to face him, and Dean’s eyes fluttered open.
“Trying to find traces of Lucifer,” Castiel said, and just like that, the happy feeling that Dean had had all evening disappeared.
Maybe he would go back to the bunker, and he and the Winchesters would hunt together.  He had corrected all of his mistakes, and was still unwelcome in Heaven...
“Damn it, Cas!” Dean argued.  The two most important people in his life seemed hellbent on self-destruction.  “Are you hearing yourself?  There's a war on, and it's on you!  There are thousands of them out th– You said you lost your grace, right?  That means you're human.  That means you bleed and you eat and you sleep and all the things you never had to worry about before!”
A look of recognition dawned in Castiel’s eyes.  “Oh!”  He exclaimed.  Then, “Can I try?”
“Yes, Dean?”
been too harsh on the witness he had been interrogating.  Sam had been a lot gentler, and they had been able to get answers.  Sam had had to apologize for his behavior.  And, he hadn’t understood the references that the brothers had made to cartoons, which, it turned out, were very important in this case.  Perhaps he wouldn’t be a good hunter after all.
,” said T.L. Laurent.  “It’s not like Viagra.  It will simply calm you down a bit, and should make you all the more keen to cherish your partner in the ways they should be cherished.”
Dean shrugged.  “Awesome!” he said.  “I told you we were due for a win!” he said to Sam.
“After you, jerk,” said Sam.
Please forgive me for the whole “threesomes” thing at the end of this chapter.  This, and the whole “if I’m away with no word for a month” clause, were all an effort to stick with the whole “no subtractions, only additions” thing.  It’s really hard to fit the few sexual encounters that Dean had around this relationship with Cas that I’ve created, and I’m not down with the idea that Dean cheated.  Mandy in particular was a giant bitch to write around, and I hate her.
Weeks turned into months.  Summer turned to fall.
“Sure,” Dean said.
He wanted the intensity, the intimacy.  He could have it either way, he knew that – but he wanted it
Dean brought blankets and pillows.  He draped a blanket over Castiel, who by that point seemed to be asleep on the floor.
Then Dean surged forward and caught Castiel’s lips in a brief kiss.  His lips were soft, achingly sweet, and then it was over.
“I don’t,” Dean said, gritting his teeth and separating the suits from the hangers.  He was starting to wonder if he had liked Castiel better before Metatron had uploaded the world’s entire compendium of pop culture references into his head.  “I have
It was communicating this to Cas that was the problem.  He considered this for a few minutes before he finally offered, “Look, Cas, maybe… maybe we don’t tell Sam about this?”
After that… nothing.
“What would I be joining?” Castiel asked curiously.
“Look,” said Kelvin, relaxing in his seat and taking another drink.  “The Gardener's got a plan.  All we ask is that you hear us, hear him out.  For the greater good.”
at 10:04 PM
had always been there – Dean had just refused to acknowledge it.  Castiel had known all along.  He had never needed a name for their relationship, or a label, or even a commitment, because his love for Dean was so much
were, they would probably come back to bite Castiel in the end.
Sam laughed at his antics.  “Plus, you know, it makes sense.  There’s a Little Cas, and a Little Sam… and now there will be a Little Dean.”
When they returned back through the rift, Castiel looked at Dean gently.  “Are you all right?” he asked.
“Just tell me how you got out of Purgatory,” Dean said.  “Be honest with me – for the first time since you’ve been back – and this is yours.”
Castiel tried to pull backward and, once again, found the unyielding dashboard.
want to have the conversation.
The next morning, he awoke to find Castiel watching him, a lazy half-smile on his face.  As much as he had always told Castiel it was “creepy”, Dean had missed this.  First there were the nights drunk and alone with the Mark, and then the nights in the bunker worrying about Castiel, whose eyes were clouded with bloodlust.  Now Castiel’s eyes were clear and blue and adoring.  Dean smiled.  “Morning, Cas.”
The creak of the chair brought Dean out of his cloud of desire long enough to remember that he was now living under the same roof as his mother, and that was just
together, the way he and Cas were
Castiel felt the blows continue, and then something changed.  He was killing him, Castiel realized.
Sam was looking at Dean with wide eyes.
“Cas, just...trust me,” said Dean.
friends, though Dean considered himself above such labels – they weren’t the sort of friends that called each other to “hang out.”
With Castiel, Dean felt undeniable sexual attraction, and peaceful, but all of it was within something that, if he had had a different life, he would’ve labeled “normal.”  With Amara, it was… explosive.  Like being high on marijuana and completely at peace, but in an “ignorance is bliss” sort of way, with a horribly unpleasant aftertaste.
The other two seats at the table were taken up by two handsome-looking men that were talking animatedly to each other.
Shock coursed through Dean.  Sam shot Dean a smug look as he picked up a stack of books to take back to the bunker file room where they belonged.
Mary left to speak with someone else, only to be replaced by John.  His father told him he was proud of him, and asked him to recount in detail his adventures over the past several years.  By the time he hung up with his father, he was crying.
Castiel had been getting increasingly frustrated with the search for Lucifer.  For the first week and a half, the archangel had left a trail of empty husks in what seemed like a completely random pattern of locations.  Then, for the past three days, there had been no husks at all.
.  Dean had tried to think of it like Sam did, or like Eileen did.  “
,” Dean said emphatically, slightly angered.  “It
He wanted very much to punch Castiel.
“They could be,” Sam pointed out, finally abandoning the façade that this was meant to be a “just shooting the breeze” sort of conversation.
Because someone knocked on the window.
"You wanna get me off?", Dean repeated it before grinning, "just like that? You desperately licking and kissing your way trough my pants? Or you wanna suck my cock angel?"
"D-Dean", Cas whimpered, started to feel more confident and increased the speed, the halo almost fell off again when his head fell back. Dean quickly grabbed it and put it back in its place of course, wiping a bit of his sweat off his forehead, "so perfect, Cas. You look so pretty."
Cas squinted his eyes even more as if Dean just announced the stupidest thing he ever heard, "Dean", he finally answered after a moment, "I'm asking because I want to give you the same pleasure you gave me."
"I feel so too", Cas answered, "I'm glad you didn't turn out to be a serial killer." Dean laughed, "I can assure you I'm not a serial killer", he said, "and I can assure you that I'm currently single too so if you maybe want, we could... grab a coffee sometime?"
Cas hummed, relieved at Deans words but also frustrated and sad that their 'session' was over. He couldn't stop wondering what Dean had planned on doing next to him and the thought made him shiver in upcoming lust.
"You sure Dean?", Sam made sure as they both decided to get to sleep and Dean went under the blanket next to Cas. "Yes, Sammy", Dean hummed annoyed, "stop making such a big deal out of it."
"As a Dom it's my job to take care of you", Dean explained, slowly rubbing one of Cas's nipples before moving on, "I pleasure you, give you orders and punish you if you do something wrong. I'll give you anything you need as long as you behave."
Cas leaned his head back and stared right into Dean's green eyes. His pupils were wide and drowned in that deep blue that Dean loved so much. A few strands of hair sticked on his forehead due to his sweat and his cheeks were obviously flushed.
Cas tried to count in the beginning but got lost in the arousal at one point. The thank you's got louder and more confident but at the same time more desperate with each slap. He didn't want to know how red his butt must be, considering the sharp burning he felt.
"Can I try something, Cas?", Dean asked, eyes fixated onto the dark hair. Cas squinted confused at the sudden question before answering: "of course." And Dean hated the utter devotion every time Cas said 'of course' to his questions. He hated it purely for the fact that he secretly loved it.
“Showtime,” said Dean under his breath.
“Excellent,” said Castiel.  “We shall have a threesome.”
Dean bought a bigger bed to put in his room.
Emboldened, Castiel began to suck slowly as Dean stiffened.  He was still able to take all of Dean in his mouth without effort, as Dean was only halfway hard.
, dude!”
“Exactly!” said Dean, more enthusiastic than he thought he would’ve been about additional evidence for his theory.
like that!  Just let me explain.”
“Dean,” Castiel said, his eyes directed at Dean’s bruises.  “I’m sure I can heal-…”
“We made a deal,” Sam explained, looking scared but resigned.  “We’d get to die and come back one more time, but in exchange…”
“What exactly is on the other side?” asked Sam carefully.
When Dean felt ready, he didn’t wait for Castiel to take initiative – he simply raised up and sank back down, impaling himself slowly.
“No!”  Dean exclaimed, because that, he knew the answer to.
people – Chuck the prophet the whole time.  Dean had never had much faith in God or the Holy Trinity, and God (or “Chuck”, as he preferred to be called) did nothing to improve this.  He was less “fiery wrath”, and more “singing obnoxious songs in the shower.”  He was less “divine forgiveness” and more “sitting in the War Room in his underwear eating Chinese food.”
“I’m glad you got your grace back,” said Dean huskily.  “I can’t lose you, man.”
Castiel began to ask Sam what he meant, but just as he opened his mouth, it clicked.  “You think he’s
Dean stared at Sam, pausing somewhere between shock and pride.
Castiel loosened his hold on Dean, because they were still keeping up pretenses, and because the Angel Amore wouldn’t allow him to let go completely.  “You’re… it’s just the Angel Amore,” said Castiel.  His voice came out whinier than he would’ve liked.
“I'm good,” Dean said immediately.
Castiel had lost track of Kelly when she had snuck out of the bathroom.  It was more difficult than Castiel had expected to keep up with her without wings.  He could sense her, of course – she didn’t have an Enochian tattoo to ward her, after all – but she moved so often that he always seemed to barely miss her.  He had compiled a bulletin board at the bunker displaying her habits, relatives, and places she might show up, but he needed allies – people who were willing to help him head her off.  Eventually, he decided it might be easier to ease off the hunt for awhile, perhaps let her think she was safe to stay in one place.
“How do you know that?”
“You stay safe.  Go on that date, all right?  Go live a normal life.”  Maybe it was for the best.  Maybe Castiel wouldn’t have to die like everyone else Dean had ever cared for.
It had been Dwight and Rod’s fault, Dean decided.  When Dean had watched the two of them, suddenly he had seen, in their places, himself and Castiel.  It was an uncomfortable thought, and it occurred to him much later that it had something to do with the fact that he hadn’t expected either of the men in the bar to be attracted to other men.  They were both “man’s men”, like him…
for the angel in question.
, of all people.  He had put the “Lucifer” situation to rights, and once the baby was aborted, all the loose ends would be tied up.
time I’m
Unfortunately, Dean’s possession of the First Blade might give them their best chance.  Gadreel sought Castiel out and said that he understood, now, that siding with Metatron had been the wrong thing to do.  Together, they left to sneak into Heaven, leaving Sam to deal with Dean.  They hoped to find and break the angel tablet that Metatron drew his power from, which Gadreel had stolen from Kevin when he had killed him.  Meanwhile, Dean and Sam would deal with Metatron, who was currently on Earth doing acts of healing to spread the word that he was the new God.
They would have to wait for the Angel Amore to wear off.  Dean had committed various degrees of taking advantage of a variety of different women in the past, but he had never been the type of guy who liked to sleep with a woman when she was drunk or high or under the influence (well, not
Dean sighed, closed his eyes, and whispered, “Castiel.”
“Cas, uh, can we talk?” Dean asked.  He did
“Yes,” said Castiel’s deep voice.  “Thank you for your hospitality.  I enjoyed staying here.  I’ll be back as soon as I find what I’m looking for in Gaza.”
Dean chanced a look at Castiel, who was still smiling teasingly.  Dean smiled back.  “You know it wasn’t, you asshole.”
Castiel moved backward and upward, but Dean barely had a moment to feel the loss before Castiel impaled himself on Dean’s cock, gasping into his mouth.
“I swear to
Despite Claire and even the Mark, it had been one of the best weeks of Castiel’s long life.
Sam had gone to confession to purify his blood, and Dean was loading his gun when he heard the sound of wings behind him.
But it couldn’t continue.
Then, in just the past week:
around Dean.  He leaned just slightly more forward, far enough for him to grasp Castiel and catch his spend before it landed on his precious car.
“Look, guys, I'm as glad as anyone that Stella got her groove back, okay?” Dean interrupted. “But you let Metatron go?”
“Cas told me, if I ever didn’t hear from him for more than a month, that it was over.”
“You did a lot of damage up there, man.  Do you think they're just gonna let that slide?”
To Dean’s utter shock, Castiel pulled into the parking lot of the Ritz Carlton.
Dean decided to head for Idaho without Sam.  Sam complicated things when it came to Castiel, and Ezekiel complicated them even more.
Dean looked away but smiled softly, moving in for a kiss.  The touch of his lips was light, and Dean moved quickly down to his neck, sucking on the place that had just been healed.  Dean spent extra time here, as though to check that Castiel was completely fine.
In the end, Castiel had to break Metatron out of Heaven.
Not only had Sam lied, but he had pulled both Cas and Charlie into helping him decode the book so that they could use its dark magic to get rid of the Mark.  But the Stynes caught up with Charlie, for real this time.
“You sure?” Dean asked, looking at Castiel imploringly.
“You have done this a thousand times, Castiel!  You're ready.  Kill him.  Then take the tablet and bring it home, where it belongs.”
“Reminded me of you and Cas, a bit,” said Sam conversationally.
There was something different about Sam.  He was sick, very sick… it wasn’t his concern.
Later, he checked on Dean in his bedroom as was their pattern.  Once the door closed behind Castiel, Dean shoved him onto the bed and climbed on top of him.  “I missed you, man,” Dean said between kisses.
“Yeah, they do,” Billie said insistently.  “We made a pact, bound in blood.  You break that, there’s
“I got this,” Sam said, looking tired.  “And if you guys can lock the angels up, too...That's a good day.”
“We will find a better way,” said Dean.
“No,” Castiel said, turning to him in surprise.  “Well, yes, but – I turned on angel radio again, and it was just in time, too.  They’re having a meeting to discuss the situation at the old Headquarters in Missouri this afternoon.  I can make it if I-…”
Castiel planned to leave the next day in his search again for Kelly.  She had stood still for 3 days now, he could sense it.  He wanted to leave that night, but he was weak after healing and then fighting Ishim.  He needed the strength that sleep and time would bring.
Castiel would do it himself… as soon as he could leave the bunker again without feeling like he wanted to throw up.  Each time he tried, the flashbacks started – fighting with his brothers and sisters, fighting with Dean, the beast spell.  This was his home now, and bad things happened when he left home –
“Yeah well, that Dean's always been kind of a dick,” Dean said flippantly.  He made to leave, but Castiel stopped him once again.
been like this, with anyone.  Dean loved the sounds Castiel made, the feel of his hard cock trapped between them, and the feeling of connection that was so lacking with most of the lovers he’d had outside of Castiel.
Dean paused to push some of Castiel’s hair out of his face, gently, and then pulled back far enough to begin work on Castiel’s pants.  There was a tangle of clothing, and then they were naked.  Dean couldn’t resist taking both of them in hand and pumping.
after all.  But there was no response, from Castiel or any other angel.
“I’m… I’m glad you’re out, man.  I’m… really glad.”
“Yeah, I know,” Dean agreed, because he knew better than anyone.  He had tried to kill Amara, right after she had kissed him, but his knife had shattered.  “Saying you're gonna kill is one thing, but... Actually doing it's something totally different.”
Dean sighed, and took another long swig of his drink.  He was disappointed to realize he had emptied his glass, and poured a new glassful from the decanter on the table.
been to the Hollywood sign, and I’m leaving you my Baby, and I don’t trust you not to fall down one of those ravines in the ‘Hills.”
Oddly, that made Castiel feel like his chest was inflating like a balloon.  It was a light feeling, as though he was floating.
Dean hurled the bottle against the wall where it shattered, splintering into pieces, and Dean sobbed.
“Oh.  Well, you can go to Hell,” said Dean, anger growing hotter.
Dean was incensed, but Ishim continued to pour sugar into his coffee, clearly unconcerned about the Dean’s reaction.  “How about a little coffee with that sugar?” Dean snapped.
“Learn it, live it, love it,” said Sam.
“Are we going to swing by to get Mandy?” Castiel asked that evening.
Right now none of it mattered, not until Sam was safe.  But when Sam was safe again (as Castiel was sure he ultimately would be), what then?  Surely Mary would want to stay with Dean and Sam at the bunker for awhile and get to know her sons again.  Dean would be uncomfortable with having any sort of intimate relationship under the same roof, certainly.
Castiel tipped his head quizzically.  “I don’t eat,” he reminded Dean.
Dean snapped.  So far that evening, under the eyes of the flirtatious waitress, he had felt confident – sexy, cocky,
Castiel understood that, in his own way, Dean had committed himself to a relationship with him.  It was more than he ever could’ve hoped for, if he was being entirely honest, especially after his betrayal and his time as “God” five years prior.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel said.
“I guess…” Dean mused.  “I guess if we get hit by a spell that requires us to have sex with someone else, and the other one isn’t available, that should also probably be an exception.”
Castiel looked away awkwardly.  “I, um, misunderstood.  She wanted me to babysit.”:
Dean grinned.  “Hell yeah it was!” he whooped.
He was all business, and hatched a plan to take Dean back in time to retrieve the weapon, which had been lost at sea when the USS Bluefin submarine had been attacked by Nazis.
thought Dean.
“Yeah, no, it's, uh... It's more than that,” Dean confessed.
“I never hated-…” Dean jumped to his own defense, but Castiel raised an eyebrow.  He fell silent.  Castiel was right – he
~ Angel with a Shotgun ~ Angel with a Shotgun ~
“To what?” asked the witch.  “Control the legs of a bored king and a withered angel?”
“No idea,” said Justin.  “But the drink is always Timmy’s gift to the audience.  I honestly don’t know where he finds these things – some medicine woman, I think.  Tyler thinks the drinks are just good marketing, but I’m convinced they work.  Two years ago, the drink was supposed to give us just a bit of speed.  It felt like I was zipping around everywhere, I had so much pep in my step!  And last year, it made me very calm – not sluggish, just very happy.  This one seems to do the same, I think, as I do feel a bit calmer and happier than when I walked in.”
Dean opened the door the hotel with trepidation.  How long had it been since he had had a chance to be with Castiel for a night?
Three days after kicking Castiel out of the bunker, Dean came downstairs to wash a cup of coffee to find Sam asleep at the table in the library.  Suddenly his eyes flashed blue, and Dean realized that Ezekiel wanted a word.
Ultimately, Dean decided that he would rather die in battle, a warrior’s death.  Still, that didn’t mean he couldn’t stack the deck a little bit.  Every once in awhile in hunting, the brothers came across cases that required them to kill themselves just long enough to speak with someone on the other side of the veil, then have someone bring them back before their brain lost too much oxygen.  Dean got out the lethal injections he had stolen three years ago when the opportunity had arisen and packed them in his hunting bag, then took a drink.  Later, he realized this had been the first time he’d been fully sober since Castiel had died.
“Always wanted to do that,” groaned Castiel, and he latched onto Dean’s pulse point, chasing away any other thoughts Dean might’ve had.
for him to care about what he said at that exact moment.  The consequences would come later, and he could keep his erection away from Dean, and he could explain it all away later, just as long as he could have one more damn minute of
Dean leaned forward and whispered, “Turn over,” kissing Castiel on the neck and down his chest before climbing off with a final pump to his erection.  As much as he wanted to see Castiel while they did this, he also didn’t want Castiel to have to stare at his bruises.
Dean groaned in surprise.  “Cas!  What are you-…”
“Maybe we’re both a couple of dumbasses,” Dean said, smiling at him weakly.
Dean climbed upward and pushed Castiel’s shoulders, and Castiel allowed himself to be rolled underneath Dean.  Castiel looked up at Dean curiously.
“Cas, you get to ride shotgun,” Dean said on the way out of the nursing home.  “You’ve done good.”
“Dean... Tell me everything,” said Castiel, his blue eyes shining compassionately.
had only been interesting because Dean wiped them out all by himself, something he had still neglected to discuss with Sam.
“What did you want that you couldn’t have?”
it had happened.  Wally was dead, and the four survivors – Dean, Sam, Mary, and Castiel – had regrouped in a barn down the street from the demon’s home.  They had only minutes, Dean was sure, before Ramiel followed them there.
Dean’s chat with Ash was similar to his chat with Charlie, except that Ash did a lot more drinking.  He talked less excitedly but his words were equally indecipherable, and he didn’t mention Castiel.
She laughed again.  “I’ve been dead, not blind,” she said.  “And, I’m your mother.  Anyway, will you be using the Impala this afternoon?  I want to go into town and buy some clothes and things.”
, in fact, have a prostate, and I
“I’m fine,” said Castiel.
Dean said.  “It’s just… how are you
Castiel tried not to be resentful that Dean hadn’t said “I love you” in return and had instead pretended to be asleep.  (Castiel had rebuilt Dean entirely after Hell and was more than capable of telling whether the man was truly asleep or not.)  He tried not to be resentful that Dean wasn’t able to discuss certain things with him, that he wasn’t willing to try the bottom position during sexual intercourse, and that he was hiding something about the Darkness.
“Sure,” Dean snapped.  “You’re Mother Theresa with neck beard.”
When Sam returned, he brought news:  all of the houses and possessions hit by the Black Hole, including the safety deposit box at the bank, belonged to residents at a local nursing home.  They decided to visit the nursing home the next day.
It occurred to Dean with a shock that he’d never actually thought about a relationship with Castiel before, at least not in that way.  In his mind, Dean had referred to his attraction to Castiel as “that thing between them.”  Even when he had touched himself to thoughts of Castiel, which had admittedly happened a fair few times, he had never really considered a
“Have you heard of anything else that might be in the auction?” asked Castiel.
Blood trickled from the corner of one of Castiel’s eyes, and he wiped at it, seeming distracted.  “My vessel must have been damaged in the melee.”
But Dean, when I saw his mind, I realized that he’s
“I don't sleep,” pointed out Castiel, as though Dean had forgotten.  (In Purgatory, Castiel had been underpowered, and slept when he was able, which wasn’t often.)
Then, he felt lips on his.  Soft, and wonderful…
But he fought back desperately for control of his vessel.
“I told you something was off with him since he got back from Purgatory.”
“I know a couple of women like that,” said Dean, and he wondered if he should be jealous of Hannah.
There was one very, very big problem.  Castiel, ever the strategist, had seen it first, though he had been loathe to suggest the obvious solution.  Finally, when he realized no one else was going to say anything, he spoke.
Dean quickened his pace through the hallway, guilt lancing through him sharply.  He knew Lucifer was trying to bait him, and he was determined to get away from the angel before he did something really, really stupid.
“Two thousand seven hundred,” said the African gentleman, and Dean saw vaguely that the frail woman was shaking her head.
Dean knew he looked like a deer in headlights.  “Uhh…”
“Yes, there's more to humanity than survival,” Castiel said.  “You... look for purpose, and you must not be defeated by anger or despair.  Or hedonism, for that matter.”
Castiel made a noise that might have been assent, and then was quiet for several moments.  Finally he said slowly, “With you… Sam comes first.  Before everything else.  That has always been your priority.”
“Ezekiel is dead,” Castiel explained.
“Probably,” said Dean, resigned.  “But we need to.”
a man the choice.”
Naomi shook her head.  “Here.  Thousands of us, walking the Earth.”
“I couldn’t save Mom.  I couldn’t save Cas.  I can’t even save a scared little kid,” Dean answered.  “Sam keeps trying to fix it, but I just keep dragging him down.  So I’m not going to beg.  Okay, if it’s my time, it’s my time.”
“Take a plane,” Dean finished glumly.
Sam had successfully managed to infiltrate the British Men of Letters’ headquarters with a group of hunters including Jody Mills.  Jody killed the British Men of Letters’ United States leader, Dr. Hess, and the hunters had blown up their facilities.  Meanwhile, Dean had successfully managed to break through his mother’s brainwashing.  Mary herself had shot Ketch in the ensuing struggle.
“I could have told you that,” Castiel told him over the phone.  “I saw it in your brother’s memories.  I assumed you knew.”
Castiel shuffled his feet nervously.  “I’ve been tracking Kelly, the, uh… the woman carrying the nephilim.”
“Cas?  Hey, is that you?” Dean asked.
“You've been in all our heads,” Castiel agreed, his anger palpable.  “That's the problem.”
“Yes, he wants to,” Castiel said.  “But I’m the only one who can.  I can’t fail, Dean, not on this one.  I need your help.”
“No, sir, James hasn’t been feeling well,” lied Dean smoothly.  He seemed relieved.  “We think the aphrodisiac didn’t sit well with his food at first.  But now he says he’s feeling better, and it’s working as it’s supposed to.”
“I saw it in Metatron's head,” Noami insisted.  “It was always God's intention -- the ultimate sacrifice.”
“It's complicated,” he said, trying to think of something more convincing.
These feelings were confirmed when they found a microphone wired under the map table.  The Men of Letters must’ve been listening to their private conversations for
“There might be times when I have to go to Heaven – or even Hell - for… long periods of time,” Castiel said slowly.
“Not… until… now?” Dean asked, his breath hitting Castiel’s face.
Castiel did know, but that didn’t make it any easier.  He was determined – this wouldn’t be how it ended.  He
“Clothes,” Dean said, and suddenly they were off, and his arms were full of Castiel, naked and warm and glorious.
“It’s one of my, ah, few pieces,” Dean lied.
By the time Dean and Sam returned to the bunker from their trip seeking information about the third trial, Castiel had left.
Except much,
This was not the first time Castiel had sat in a field with Dean and relaxed in the Impala.  Dean tended to search out an empty field like this any time he wanted to feel comfortable.  “It’s like his happy place,” Sam had told him once.  In the past, Castiel had had many conversations in a field like this with Dean and Sam, or just Dean, or, on one memorable occasion, just Sam.  The conversations ranged from serious and gut-wrenching to what Dean called “shooting the shit.”
perform cunnilingus first.”
Castiel was still skeptical.  The angels had not been kind before.
“I don’t like it,” Castiel commented.
But Dean couldn’t quite make the words come out of his mouth.  He allowed his eyes to travel up and down his angel friend slowly, then said, “You look good, man!”  He made up for his lack of words by gently moving Castiel backward toward the bed and mouthing at his new stubble.  He was pretty sure Castiel could sense his approval.
“Tell the Winchester the crypt is empty,” Naomi instructed.  “Then you can come back-…”
“Cas, man, why didn’t you come to the bunker like I told you to?” asked Dean.
Kelly’s eyes were wide and full of fear.
against Lucifer, and must have realized this was the only way.  Dean was loathe to admit it, but he
Dean thought about saying, “Duh,” or “Obviously,” but instead simply ignored him.
Castiel gave Dean an irritated look.  “Dean,” he protested.  Normally Castiel would have been able to tell that Naomi was telling the truth as well, but his instincts were warped by his hatred for Naomi.  After everything she had put him through, Dean supposed he could understand that.  Castiel had told him once that “the truth can be situational”, as well.
Dean felt at peace, and absolutely fucked out.  Castiel, meanwhile, was staring at him with the smallest of self-satisfied smiles.
“And Sam is fine with it.”
“No,” Sam said.  “You're – you're dead.”
“Oh, come
His angel blade dropped into his hand.
Dean forces himself not to look at Lisa, to keep his eyes on Cas. “Then I need to talk to you about something. In private.”
“Did you tell him no?” Cas asks, voice soft and soothing.
“I can’t…” Castiel begins, but his voice disappears. He takes a deep breath and runs both hands through his hair, pacing next to the bed. “Dean, you’re…”
One moment, Castiel is laying on his back, poking Dean’s shoulder and kicking Charlie’s shin as they try to find constellations in the clear night sky. The next, someone is shouting overhead:
. His mother feels that Dean has had an influence on him, and she’s not entirely wrong.
Dean’s not wrong. He’s coming from the point of view that they should know each other’s comfort zones, what’s okay and what isn’t and what’s only okay to a certain extent. The kind of conversation that mature couples have when they try something new.
“Sorry, Dad,” Dean says quietly. “He’s-”
“Sorry to rush him, but I have to get back to work and Dean needs to pick his brother up from practice,” Mary says apologetically.
“Castiel isn’t back yet, is he?” Garth said, seemingly out of breath.
He discarded his belongings on the giant bed and reached for Castiel’s hand, desperate to feel that he was still here, still solid.
“I haven’t,” Castiel said immediately.
Sam gave him one of his patented looks of disapproval.  “He’s been through a lot,” he said.  “Just give him time.  The beast spell took a lot out of him.  Besides, it’s not like you’re exactly crowded.”
Dean laughed.  “What gives you that feeling?”
“Dean, if you have to kill me-…”
Castiel was surprised.  None of the angels he had reached out to had responded to him… But, perhaps this
3 minutes, at 1:45 PM
“Oh, okay,” Dean said sarcastically.  “Yeah.  We'll have a slumber party, braid Sam's hair. Where are you gonna sleep?”
Castiel had definitely noticed.
Castiel backhanded Dean, sending him flying across the room.  Why wouldn’t his vessel obey him?
Castiel’s first touch to his hole was noticeable only by the small shock of tingling pleasure that shot through his groin.  That was-…
(Dean liked that one best.)
“Dunno, Moose,” said Crowley.  “Mostly because if I’d left you back at the fleabag motel with the Impala, Dean would’ve thrown a fit that would’ve cost us valuable time.  But there’s nothing for it.  Do you see that?”
“It’s not a bad thing,” Castiel said in reassurance.  “When I brought you back from Hell, I had to use a little of my grace to rebuild you.  And when I sent my grace into your body… your soul grabbed back.  It left a mark in the form of a handprint… that’s all.”
“All right,” Sam said, cutting into Dean’s thoughts.  “Guys, you know what?  This – this silent treatment thing, it's silly.  It's not gonna work.  Whatever we're walking into, we should, you know, probably have an actual plan.”
His penance in Purgatory had been cut short, but it seemed that he still had punishment to serve here on Earth, alone.
“Because you can do whatever you want,” Sam said, as though he was tired of hearing it.  He was sweating, too, and Dean could tell that his own shouts of pain were hurting Sam in a very emotional way.  He thought back to how upset he had been when Crowley had had to torture Gadreel, in Sam’s body, for information.  It was an emotion he was glad to be rid of.
Dean slid his angel blade across the floor toward Castiel, who grabbed it at the last second and stabbed the rit zein.  White light burst out of the angel and he screamed, and Dean ducked to shield his eyes.
Dean pushed in, slowly, and
?” Dean asked, his eyes suddenly wide.  Castiel could hear a smile in his friends’ voice.
Once Castiel had finally made up his mind that he had to do
world
She doesn’t want to be
Charlie excitedly gushed technobabble as she discussed her “quest” to restore Heaven back to a state in which spirits could travel freely.  As Bobby had warned him, it sounded like part astrophysics and part Enochian, and Dean understood less than half of it.
There was a price, however.  Like killing Abaddon, killing a demon as strong as Cain would only enhance the evil magic of the Mark on Dean’s arm.
"No you can't!", Cas interrupted harshly, "there is nothing for you to do, I told you already", he continued a lot calmer but more insistent. He was also the first one to break the eye contact, looking down to his feet.
Cas calculated the options, "wanna suck you off, Sir."
Cas' gaze flickered down to his lips and back up but Dean still noticed it. "Cas", he whispered, got a slight hum as a respond, "can I ki-"
"Well aren't you a funny one."
God, Dean could do anything to him right now. Holding him firmly, just watching Cas following his orders.
Because he didn't want Dean to be angry and disappointed he slowly walked over to the taller man. As soon as he was in reach, Dean gripped him by his throat and pushed him up against the wall.
Dean licked his suddenly dry lips and reached out, hand carefully ruffled in the mess of Cas' soft hair. Cas let him, only watched him with an intense, almost insecure, look on his face. After a moment where Dean just felt the strains of hair tingle his palm, he clenched onto a good amount of strains and pulled carefully.
Maybe he should try to call Gabriel or the police or- oh lord he had a rope in his hand. It was a killer.
"So we're on the same page then. Good, great."
"Okay, you feel offended", Dean sighed, placed the things on the bed end. "I'm a powerful celestial being, my real voice could smite your brain. I don't feel the need to put on small fake-wings and a halo out wool", Cas explained defiantly, Dean already knew what this was about.
Cas knew by now that whenever Dean would call him 'Cassie' or 'Cassie boy' it was because of nervousness or because he was drunk or horny. He calculated that it was probably two out of these three.
"Take off your suit and the shirt", Dean ordered calmly, his hand present around his throat. He didn't harden his grip and Cas could still breath but it was still there, assembling the dominance. Cas quickly shrugged off the suit and opened the buttons of his shirt with shaking fingers.
Cas was too busy with the upcoming pleasure to comment on the compliment because Dean always told him that he didn't want to be called 'pretty' because he's not a chick.
How could he just let the stranger do that to him? It felt so good and Dean had praised so nicely for following his orders and made him feel so useful and proud of himself.
They placed Cas on Dean's bed as soon as they were back at the motel, leaving his Trenchcoat on one of the chairs. "Should we get another room for him?", Sam asked his brother after a long look to Castiel. "Nah, it's fine", Dean refused with a hand gesture, "he'll wake up soon enough. I bet he won't stay the night", he said, grabbed a beer a for him and Sam and turned on the TV.
The windows steamed up as time went on, Cas lost his coat but it stayed the same besides that. They were both horny as hell but the feeling of their lips against each other, their bodies pressed together was just too good.
"Well", Dean gulped at Cas' needy tempo, "I know a way. You gotta look at me, Cas."
Dean just pressed Cas by the back of his head closer to initiate a second kiss, this time including their tongues and panting. But Cas had to interrupt it again when Dean tried to press Cas backwards on the mattress. "I don't think I can lay comfortably on the wings", Cas confessed, his hand clenching on Dean's upper arms.
"Good boy", Dean commented with a sly smirk, Cas almost gasped at the word and had to lick his lips. Oh god, he shouldn't like it when shady people called him a 'good boy'.
Dean meanwhile was trying to catch his breath again, his hands still in Cas' hair and stroking it, "you did so perfectly well", he praised the smaller and wiping off the last come stains with his thumb and making Cas lick it off his finger, "you deserve a nice reward, don't you think so?", he continued and pulled Cas carefully up on his shaking feet again.
"Masturbation. Damn it Cas, don't tell me you never heard of it."
"I-I'm sorry, Sir", Cas gasped finally, still a bit irritated and sniffled. Dean looked up from Cas' wrists to his eyes, "hey, it's fine, nothing to apologise for. The session is over, you don't have to call me 'Sir' anymore."
Cas made some suppressed noises, keeping himself from pushing his hips up because he would just take what Dean was giving him. His head fell back, knuckles turning white from grabbing the blanket so hard. "A-ah, y-yes, Sir", he moaned finally after not hearing anything else from him.
Dean was definitely about to come. Dean knew, Cas knew, Dean knew that Cas knew. So it was a real surprise when Dean actually yanked his head back until he only had his lips wrapped around the tip again.
Cas turned red and hid himself in Dean's shirt because Dean was absolutely right. He really was desperately to pleasure him.
"Can we repeat it now?"
Dean turned around curious and found Cas sitting on his knees on the mattress, the Alice band placed in his messy hair and the fluffy wings peeking out behind his back. The sulking look on his face made everything just even better.
Blowjobs were always a bit scary for Cas. He had received a few before, had given some before and he was quite alright doing it he guessed but he also knew that he got way too into it way too quickly and that it wasn't fun gagging or not being able to breath correctly.
Cas sighed and took the remote to turn the Tv off before turning to Dean, still sitting on the bed.
"Oh come on", Dean answered unimpressed, "you already know everything they say in the documentary. Turn it off, I promise you won't regret it. Probably."
"I'm pretty sure you went into subspace", Dean answered, "how do you feel?"
"You", Dean groaned frustrated, "are an absolut motherfucking IDIOT, you know that?!", he continued, "I'm gonna drag your fucking ass out of heaven myself or god knows where stupid fucking angels go when they die!I'll fucking bring you back and beat the fucking shit out of you for throwing your god forsaken life away!"
"T-That door", Cas nodded in the direction and was promptly dragged into his own bedroom, clumsily putting one foot in front of another. Dean turned the light on and looked around, inspecting closely. They stepped a few more steps into the room and Cas' legs gave in but Dean had a tight grip on him and gently put him down on his knees.
"Careful", Dean told him and gazed over Case worriedly, "tell me how you feel", he ordered, pushing a few lost hair strains off of Cas' forehead.
"Cas."
And it sadly didn't take too long until he woke up, but this time because he felt way too hot. Without opening his eyes, Dean grumbled annoyed at the unknown heat source and wiggled a bit out of it, "too damn warm..."
Cas looked up into Dean's eyes and silently shook his head, "please stay", he asked uncertain, "that... I... do you do that with every sub?"
Dean growled annoyed but deep down he knew that he shouldn't be so hard on Cas. It was just freaking him out every time Cas wouldn't come when he prayed or wouldn't check in regularly. The possibility that Cas would die in heaven someday and Dean would never know was frightening but there was no way in hell he would admit that.
"Fuck", Dean cursed, Cas looked up to him with big shocking eyes, "later okay? And don't tell Sam a god damn thing", he promised in a whispering tone and with a peck on the lips. Cas licked his red lips and nicked wordlessly.
"I understand", Cas answered again and started to look around in the dark bedroom which confused Dean. The gaze ended on Dean again -like it always did- and Cas pulled his hair again, looking like a curious kid that just tried something new.
"Dean, is this gonna be a one-time-experience?", Cas asked carefully, seemed to search for answers in Dean's eyes. "I mean", Dean hesitated, "I sure hope not. Or do you... do you not want to?"
"Of course I have heard of it. It's manual stimulation."
Cas ripped the door open, "I'm not doing that!", he hissed angry, "father has nothing to do with it!"
Cas sat up and smiled wildly, his heart racing, "I would love to."
"Dude", Sam said shocked, "what did just happen?"
"Nooo, Cas, c'mon don't be petty", Dean tried to stop him and sat up, wrapped his arms around Cas' waist, "if you turn around we wouldn't be able to kiss. You love kissing."
"I apologise for waking you up, Dean", Cas muttered and vanished all of the sudden before Dean could say anything else.
"It's something that can happen during a session. You are gonna feel good, relaxed, finally letting loose just by following my orders. Think we can achieve that for you, angel?"
Dean groaned at the pleasure, has his hand firmly in Cas' hair but never pressuring him into doing anything. Cas was finally the one who got impatient and went further down on Dean's cock. A bit sudden and fast, Dean moaned loudly at the wet heat surrounding his dick but quickly holding Cas' head still when Cas realised he did too much and gagged a bit.
Cas nodded instantly, "yes please", was the faint answer, his voice way higher than it normally was. His mouth opened in surprise when he felt something cold and metal hitting his nipples and pressing into it. Dean made a soft 'shhh' sound to sooth him and put the nipple chains on him, "perfect, doing perfect, baby."
Dean definitely didn't plan this.
"My real wings could fill up the entire room."
Dean heard the angel sigh but ignored it and rummaged trough his bag while he heard Cas shuffle out of his clothes. He even waited for a few moments longer until he couldn't hear the rustling anymore and Cas' voice filled the room again.
Shame came over Cas, he tried to hold back the upcoming tears and sobs. He was so stupid and Gabriel was so right and now he's gonna get robbed and left behind.
The angel just huffed, still seemed to pout, "angels are warriors of god and not these sexualised versions of humans you always refer to."
Dean grounded his teeth, because Cas clearly didn't see it as a big deal that he almost fucking died.
"Fuck Cas", Dean breathed out slowly, "you that much into hair pulling or are you just sensitive?", he asked but already knew that Cas didn't know the answer either. "Why is such a violent gesture causing pleasure?", Cas asked sounding so utterly confused and innocent, big blue eyes staring right at him, Dean could loose it any second.
The angel seemed to be lost in Dean's eyes for another moment before slightly nodding, "I won't, Dean", he muttered, "I'm sorry for worrying you." Dean sighed, looking to the side but still couldn't see Sam, the pure anger slowly fading away, leaving the pure relief of still having Cas with him.
"Thank you", Cas whispered, his voice way too high and shaking, "sir", he added quickly. Dean licked over his bottom lip.
Cas stayed still, paralysed by Dean's confident appearing and the rope meaningful in his hands.
Cas started to worry again and wiggled nervously. Oh god, what if he's gonna get robbed? His laptop was still exposed on his coffee table directly beside his smartphone. Or maybe it was all just a big joke and Gabriel was gonna come in any second to laugh at him for being reckless?
"Oh man", Dean closed his eyes for a second. This really was a new level of weird even for Cas, "alright", Dean set up his mind. If Cas would only shut up after his problem was solved then Dean just had to come up with a solution that wouldn't be too awkward afterwards.
"Heaven", Cas answered so quiet Dean almost didn't hear it. But he did and snickered at the answer, his hands still stroking him in the same slow pace. "Is it nice there?", Dean asked, licking over his tip. Cas gasped suddenly, hips jerking but quickly calming down again.
Oh god, Cas missed something apparently. Maybe a meeting or something.
Cas couldn't stop the small whine and pressed himself closer to the warm hands, "what are you going to do?", he asked with a thin voice, he felt so exposed even though he still had his pants and shoes on. Dean grinned and leaned in, Cas thought that he might kiss him for a second but Dean's face passed him until he could feel his hot breath on his ear.
"I'm trying to sleep", Dean answered, arms secured tight around Cas. "With me on top of you?"
Cas watched him with wide eyes as Dean rolled the red rope around his hand, tugged on it as if he was testing something.
Dean watched him for another few moments until Cas scratched the back of his head and all the attention fell onto his hair.
The fifth time it was totally on purpose.
"Yeah, I know", Dean smiled, "Gabe mentioned that you were a 'sensitive people pleaser with daddy issues' so I had an idea in mind and quickly realised that you were in need of some praises."
Cas examined two items and looked Dean back into his eyes again, "I don't understand."
"Yes, Sir", Cas breathed out, tried to stretch his sore muscles a bit while Dean put his underwear and pants back on. "On you bed, angel", Dean ordered and guided Cas to his own bed, untying the knot so Cas could lay comfortably on the mattress. Dean took Cas' hands and placed them over his head, tied them down on his headboard again.
"Gabriel", Cas growled annoyed, "I have a job to do and I will finish it."
Dean's thumb stroke over his cheek when the white shirt went down, "doing perfectly", he soothed. Cas kinda doubted that since Dean was angry for a few times already but still glad about the loving tone.
Dean snickered at the question, could imagine Cas' confused look on his face, "you got knocked out. We dragged you back to our motel room after we killed the werewolf."
Sam huffed amused, carried the duffel bag and opened the car door so Dean could lay Cas over the backseat, "it's Cas, man. That's just the way he is."
He immediately saw Cas shuddering, his head falling back. Instead of letting go, Dean's curiosity got him tugging even harder, making Cas gasp due to surprise and clawing onto his own Trenchcoat for support. The angel twitched, a small whimper fell from his lips.
"Alright, alright, we don't want you to do too much during sex, right?", Dean teased him, slowly pulling out of Cas and gaining a huff. "I am not being lazy during intercourse", Cas stated, already heard enough reproaches about the topic. "Of course not", Dean smiled, caressed Cas' back and the wings.
Dean knew exactly when it all started.
"Dean", Cas gasped loudly, almost sounding like a faint moan. He twitched again, embarrassingly trying to hide his upcoming boner. Dean felt hot all over, the lust he had buried down ever since the first incident slowly becoming more and more present, unable to ignore it anymore.
