"Nice watch." Cas commented studying Deans appearance, while the stress left his face, now that Hannah was gone. He recognised the Rolex around his wrist as the same watch he had abandoned on his bedside table last week. "Not that I'm complaining, but what are you two doing here?"
Cas, Dean and Kevin laughed at her reaction as Meg eyed her curiously. Cas pulled her closer to rub her arm sympathetically. Beside them, Dean stripped his tie off, flicking Cass collar up to drape the tie around his neck before smoothing it back down. Daniel watched the movements intently.
"I was considering it." Meg admitted, smiling deviously, as they waited for their orders. "But then she showed up, and I thought, you know what would make this morning more interesting?"
"Okay, story time brother! What is going on here?" Benny asked curiously, gesturing for Adam to pass the beer around.
"I'm not a child!" Cas complained, slipping a hand around Deans waist to steady himself. "I don't need to be managed."
Cass stomach growled. Making both men realise that one. they were if fact clean and could shut off the shower and two. neither had eaten anything since the afternoon and Deans watch was currently reading 4am.
"I don't mind being on my own. It means I can play as loud as I like, for as long as I like. But I'll admit, your place definitely more interesting." Cas replied, getting up and putting the guitar back.
They found a group of chairs next to the middle aisle, giving them a great view of both sides of the stage. They talked quietly about Balth plans for a party over the weekend, with him trying to convince Cas to make an appearance, as they waited for the show to begin. The stopped talking as the moderator stepped onto the stage to introduce the teams. Cas applauded politely as they introduced Holy Spirit, smiling as Daniel spotted him in the crowd sending him a quick wave before Cas turned his attention to the moderator announcing Deans team. Charlie came out calmly, keeping her eyes on the moderator or the panel, as she took her seat. Kevin followed her example, keeping his eyes away from the other team. They might actually be following his advice. He watched closely as Dean came out, head held high and a small smile on his face, but the cocky smirk was gone as was the swagger he usually had in his walk. Cas smiled widely, noting that Daniel and his team were conversing quietly, not paying any attention to their opposition. Cas nodded slightly as Dean caught his eye.
Dean dropped his head against his chest, moving his hand down to his hip, and softly kissing the words etched above his heart. Deans insecurities aside, waking up to his affectionate soulmate was the highlight of his week. This was exactly what he needed to keep himself grounded after the last few days. Laying there, with Dean slowly showering him with soft kisses, reminded him that he hadn't lost everything and whatever happened next wouldn't affect this part of his life.
"Maybe not. I'll talk to you about that soon." He answered before calling for the class to settle down and take their seats.
Cas laughed quietly, pulling his belt from his pants and sitting on the bed. "So you're betting on them being okay with waking up to find me here?"
"I found Benny cornered by a few of my bandmates after I left you. My brother included." Cas admitted without hesitation. "I'm not entirely sure what happened there."
"Honestly, I'm not sure I actually slept with her." He added, lounging against the counter and joining in Deans laughter. "It wasn't fucking funny at the time."
Cas patted his shoulder with a tight smile. It was hard for every one to figure out how to work their soulmates into their lives at the beginning. You couldn't be sure what kind of expectations they might have around the idea and Cas figured that he and Dean would need to speak about all of that too. But Dean seemed to be having problems with his girlfriend that weren't strictly connected to him, so he wasn't sure what to say about it.
"Probably," He closed his eyes, focusing on the feeling of Dean pressed against him. "But I know the feeling."
"Keeping your options open then. Nice avoidance by the way." Dean smiled. It only made him more curious about the back story of this guy.
Cas looked down at the bag he had dropped on the floor. "You said I should keep some clothes at your place for next time, so, I figured if I hand you a bag to stash in your room. I'll be covered for any more impromptu stays. If your okay with the idea?"
"He and I agreed to getting to know each other as friends. We both have girlfriends Lisa. We don't need to be in a relationship just because we're soulmates!"
"From where I stand you have three options Castiel." Dean said leaning into Cas. "Option one. we part ways here, no hard feelings." Cas smirked at him turning his words against him again. "Option two. you give me your number and so we can see each other again. Or option three... come home with me tonight?" Dean said, wanting nothing more than to close the distance between them. But Cas seemed set on keeping some space there. "I will warn you, if you take option three you won't be leaving until I get your number."
Cas rolled his eyes, stopping to look around the parking lot quickly, as his friends gathered around them. He spotted Dean, his team and a few others gathered over the other side of the lot. Not wanting to have this argument in front of them Cas walked over to lean against the wall where he had been earlier that night.
Cas smirked at Charlies scandalized expression and walking around the back, where Dean had opened the trunk to dump his bag inside after fishing his wallet out. Dean pulled off the tie, tossing it in on top of his thing, before undoing the cuffs and holding the cufflinks out to Cas.
Dean looked across at his friend casually leaning against the tree with his coke dangling from his hand. "What do you mean?"
They claimed the back row of seats in the middle of the cinema. The theatre itself didn't have many patrons for this film, with people occupying on 1/3 of the available seats. This didn't bother them at all. It gave them plenty of seats between themselves and the other occupants. Cas found himself seating between the brothers, with Dean pushing up the armrest between their seats, as they watched the intro. Sam became engrossed in the movie early. While Dean seemed to keep a running commentary of questions, whispering them under his breath and forcing Cas to shift closer to hear him. Halfway through, Dean got tired of having to lean over to speak to him, slinging his arm his shoulder and pulling him in where he could speak directly into Cass ear. Cas, having nearly fallen into his lap as he pulled him closer, steadied himself with a hand on Deans thigh before relaxing into their new position.
"The poor kid spoke about his inability to share his life with his absent family. Out of curiosity I asked him for an example and he told me how he had met his soulmate a few weeks back, something he should be celebrating, but he hadn't told them because of their views towards same-sex relations despite him not being romantically involved with the guy. What kind of family would tell a kid that meeting their soulmate could be a bad thing?"
"Yeah, pretty much. You can't say that I don't have a good argument if they get pissed." Dean said climbing into bed, fully clothed. "If any one asks though, you slept on the couch. Lisa would kill me."
Instead of putting himself in a position of having to listen to her sulk or bitch to their friends, Dean joined Charlie and Kevin for lunch. These two were smart enough to get away from the crowds and had claimed a small patch of grass under some trees as their place. He liked it there, away from all the madness of the football team and cheerleaders, it reminded him that he wasn't a precise fit for the stereotypes around the school. He was a jock at times sure, but he could keep up with the nerds well enough as well, and his home life wasn't even close to normal. Charlie and Kevin had helped him to accept the fact that he didn't quite fit in the past few months, which is why Lisa was so pissed at them. He no longer felt the need to pretend. He had stepped out of that mould and challenged his friends and Lisa to be more than that as well. Unfortunately, they were either too comfortable in their roles or the really were that simple.
"What's the problem? It's just a small group of friends at my place, nothing too rowdy. I'm sure even Hannah wouldn't mind you coming along." Daniel argued.
"And you were all soo confident before the debate." Dean smirked. "Hang on. I have the exact words here!"
Mum went with the lawyers this morning. Told me to forget school and find somewhere else to be for a while."
"So... I take it that's Ash's Castiel then." Ellen asked as the other staff rushed to clean the mess.
The music department was a bust. He had been hoping that they would allowing students into the rooms during break to practice, and they do, but only if you take one of their classes. They refused to allow any other students use of their facilities without approved students present. With that short conversation, his hopes of being able to play through school hours vanished. With his mom actually at home now, and in much closer confinement than either of them were used too, they had fought over him playing in the house. She was only willing to allow the acoustic guitar and only if went out to the garage. He wasn't going to be allowed full reign of his electric or sound systems. It had been hell, not being able to take a break from the amount of stress that continued to pile up. The next option was to find the hidden musicians Dean swore would be in the school some-where and find someone to play with who had access to a space.
"Is that what you're doing? Trying to stop me from seeing Cas?" He asked, watching as she crossed her arms with a hard glint in her eye. "Well you're wasting both our time! I'm not seeing him today Lisa. He lives over an hour away, I don't really have the ability to make a three hour round trip after school just to see him. He has his own shit to do as well!"
"I'm not going to pass up the opportunity to get to know him. Just like I'm not going to stop being friends with these guys. And you don't get to decide that for me!" Dean growled, ending the conversation as he turned his back on her again.
Charlie dropped her head quickly, obviously not a fan of confrontation, while Kevin's eyes darted between Dean and Adam, trying to keep them both in his sight. Adam, on receiving no encouragement from the other guys, raised his hands slowly in surrender.
"Goodnight, Gabriel."  He called back, the slight shake in his voice would have been embarrassing if he had the energy to care.
He chuckled sadly at the thought. His families hypocrisy didn't surprise him, it just made him wonder how much he was setting himself up to lose at this point. Dean shifted closer, wrapping his arm around him and pulling him against his side.
"What happened to keeping it simple for me!" Dean demanded, running his fingers over the complicated knot.
They stepped into the shop 15 minutes later. Joining the que for coffee directly behind Meg, who was staring at the board and humming to herself. She jumped as Dean tapped her on the shoulder.
He pulled his cap off to scratch at his head when a last years’ model, white, Porsche pulled up at the front of the office. He didn't see brand new cars very often, certainly not ones worth this much, the owners preferred to get everything done through the dealerships. The owner still hadn't stepped out of the car when he walked out of the office to greet them. It looked like they were lost in thought, one hand still on the wheel and the other brushing slowly along his jawline as he stared into space, he was far too young to have bought the car himself. When he caught sight of Bobby, he opened the door and pulled himself slowly out of the car. The deep red dress shirt, the material alone screaming money, let Bobby know that this kid wasn't from around here. The unshaven scruff made him look older than he was, but it was the red rimmed eyes that caught his attention most. Stress was written across Castiel's, as visible as graffiti on a white wall, as he stood there opening and closing his mouth, not quite able to form the words he was looking for.
"Man, what is wrong with playing in a garage like every other band?" Dean asked looking at the property Cas had directed him too.
"Are you saying every public school has musicians amongst the student population? That seems like an overstatement."
Kevin look at him seriously, "We are actually. But it's got nothing to do with you being soulmates and every-thing to do with Lisa being monster bitch!"
"I don't think we have." Cas laughed easily, looking at his clothes. "I'm going to need a shower before we head out."
Dean handed his phone back too him and draped an arm around his shoulder as they walked back inside. Cas didn't know if it was Dean or just the idea of his soulmate that had him grinning all night and for the most part he didn't care. Charlie and Kevin were interesting people that kept the conversation flowing easily as they hung out, but every-time he caught Deans eye he could feel his smile growing wider and found himself wishing to get him alone again, not that he wasn't enjoying his friends company. He did however, find out a few more things about Deans as they talked. Charlie explained that Dean really was on the football team and considered a complete jock at the school, but after a particularly bad weekend, he had dropped the act in English class long enough to chew out their Teacher about something he had gotten wrong in the lesson. This impulsive act of aggression had landed him in front of the Principle, with his English Teacher persuading him that forcing Dean to join the debate group would be a better punishment than suspension, and would raise their school standing in competitions. Since that strange twist in fate, Dean had walked around school with his soul- mark tattooed on his arm, pissing off his girlfriend, and making his jock friends uncomfortable with his new found nerd status. Charlie however, had been more than happy to welcome him to the dark-side of popularity.
"I have a shed, Cas." Dean explained with a pointed look. "Obviously you live close enough to go to the same school, that means you're close enough to bring your stuff to my place and play there. Bobby won't mind and Sam will love having you around more."
"Well, considering our debate last night, I think that we're probably on the same page." Cas said smoothly. "I have no desire to mess with your relationships, and I'm not going to ask you to change anything for me. That isn't what this should be about."
Cas answered as he select a few of the images, focusing on the ones of him, Dean and Benny, but making sure to grab at least on of the other people present as well. It would be nice to be able to refer to them when Dean discussed his friends in the future, he wasn't sure he would be able to keep the names straight without visuals, not that he would admit it.
Dean twisted around bringing them face-to-face. He ran his hand down his chest and over hip for the sheer pleasure of it, and the lust it brought to Cass features gave him encouragement.
Dean studied his face almost as intently as he had done earlier, before opening the car door with a quiet. “After you.”
"Where are you Meg?" Dean asked shaking his head, Cas hadn't seemed too keen on the party but apparently that had changed.
"That's the one. She showed up not long after you called, asking Cassy if they could talk about the break-up."
Dean had though along the lines of suicide when he had overheard them earlier, but it was a bit more confronting to hear that Cas had practically waked in on it.
Cas kissed his neck softly before pulling away. The quiet desperation on Deans face, as his eyes were locked on his lips, had his heart stuttering. He stepped away to pick up his bag before he did something Dean would come to regret.
"So no rom-com, falling into each others arms and declaring our undying love then?" Dean nudged him gently.
"Where's your soul mark?" Sam asked pointing to Cass arms. "Don't soulmates have them in the same place?"
Dean wasn't in the mood for school. His bed had felt far too empty that morning, reminding him that Cas wouldn't be by his side today. When that stark reality had set in, he remembered the painful conversations he would have to have today. He met his soulmate. He wanted to go around and tell all his friends how brilliant this guy was, how incredible his weekend had been just by having him there. What he didn't want to do was face Lisa and her tantrums when he tells her about Cas. It was only going to end badly.
"Consider it a standing invitation," Bobby agreed, "Soulmates are family here Castiel. If you ever need a place to stay or a shoulder to lean on, you're welcome here."
Bobby chuckled now, watching Cas tap his foot as he waited for Dean to face him, all the confidence Dean had displayed earlier now sat in Castiel's posture as Dean tried to fade into the furniture.
Dean ignored his brother’s outburst. A quick surveillance of where each band member stood, and he chose to lean on the wall beside Ash with a quiet greeting.
"Everything!" He said quietly, looking up and trying to convey his meaning through his eyes. "Everything happened. -" He cut himself off with a deep breathe, placing the guitar down carefully on the seat beside him, standing up and crossing to the doorway behind Dean. "-I'm being rude. You must be Lisa, I'm Castiel. Deans told me a lot about you." Cas introduced himself politely, offering his hand to Deans girlfriend.
The man, Cassy, turned to the newcomer, forcing him to drop his arm and creating a bit more space between himself and Dean.
"Is it okay that I'm here?" Cas asked as he realised that Dean couldn't have had time to clear this with his Uncle. "I don't want you getting in trouble for sneaking me in after midnight."
Benny couldn't help but laugh at this. Who would have thought he wouldn't be the only one watching this couple? Unfortunately, this seemed to get their notice.
Cas had swapped his belongings, his wallet, keys, unopened smokes and zippo, from his jeans to the dark blue borrowed pair of jeans he now wore along with his near dead phone. The jeans and the faded Led Zeppelin shirt were slightly looser than his own clothes were, but comfortable enough that he didn't think twice about abandoning his clothes on Deans floor when they left. Too top it off, he was seriously considering not returning the aviators he had found in the backseat of the car, that he was now wearing as they drove out of town.
"That's bull!" Balth argued. "You froze Cassy! They might have gone with a different argument than we were expecting, but you froze! What happened back there? You have never hesitated to tear an argument apart before."
All that occupied Deans mind was, ‘Holy shit’. He hadn't realised Cas had noticed him at the bar yet. But now he was staring right at him as the crowd went wild.
He didn't realise he was bouncing his leg until Cas stepped forward slotting himself in-between his knees placing a firm hand on each thigh, stopping the movement and emptying his mind of any comprehensible thought. Cas leaned forward until his face was an inch away, giving Dean a perfect view of those deep blue eyes.
"I don't need to, no. If I'm bored enough I'll crash at Balthazar's place, but his parents are never home either and he tends to have a lot of parties. You need to be pretty desperate to hang around there too long."
"Because it was a great argument!" Cas chuckled. "Unlike you lot, I actually enjoy it when someone really challenges us, otherwise why on earth would I be friends with you?"
"Man, don't tell me you're still in the closet!" he calmed down. "Word of advice dude, he won't stick around if you're not out." Dean threw him a bitch face that would rival Sam's.
“Fine.” Dean groaned in frustration, pushing himself up off the couch and out of Cass arms. “Stay here.”
Dean tossed the beer cap into the trash and picked at the label on the bottle while he considered this.
Dean walked to the other side of the bed, slowly and deliberately, making Cas bite back a laugh as he tried to scowl at him. They folded the bedding up together tossing it to the side to grab later, before lifting the mattress onto its side, and sliding it out across the hall and down to Cass room. They set it up the foot of his bed, bring the bedding in and making it up again.
"Are you better than Dean?" Sam asked glancing up at him with raised brows. "Cause he's not the best teacher."
Dean was impressed by the way Cas had adapted to being in the garage with him. He had swapped his formal clothes for some borrowed jeans, an AC/DC shirt and Deans old work boots, making him look considerably different to the confident private school kid he had met last night. Dean had also convinced him to drop the expensive watch in favour for one of his own, explaining that working in a garage would inevitably damage it, not to mention the grease and grime that would embed itself into the links, instead he handed him a leather cuff watch, with a cover over the watch face. In the garage, Cas listened to Deans instructions closely, asking questions about what they were doing and how things worked.
He didn’t need to be told twice to lift his arms as Cas pulled his shirt off. He simple set about ridding Cas of his own clothes in return. As quickly as he could while he continued to get lost in Cass kisses.
Deans reply came in the form of hot kisses starting at his shoulder and moving up his neck. Cas chuckled as he felt Dean press his whole body against his back. Yep. Definitely awake.
"There not open." He defended quickly, not recognising that he had no reason to be defensive, before seeing the shock on Deans face and realising he might have to explain that further now. "I used to smoke. As in past tense. I've been off them for about a year now, same time the band started getting regular gigs actually." He elaborated, moving to grab his stuff of Dean, who was staring at him intently. "I'll admit I break every now and then when life turns to crap. But. I haven't had one in months." He dropped them on the counter to deal with later. "I just like having them on hand, as a kind of stress relief just knowing it's there."
"Really?" She eyed him as he nodded. "I always thought John was very forward with her. You think your boy moves faster?"
Sam bounded into the kitchen, making a beeline for the cereal before spotting them at the table. "Good you're up! You need to get ready if we’re going to make it there in time!"
He ended up sitting in his car for a good 20 minutes, staring at the school and hoping for a freak fire or bolt of lightning, before he gave in and dragged himself into the school. The universe could point out your soulmate, but couldn't postpone reality. The benefit to sulking in the car was seeing the students scrambling to their classes as he stepped into the hall. Meaning he had just successfully avoided having to face Lisa until English later in the day. She wasn't in either of his first two sessions, and he breathed a sigh of relief at the thought, as he headed the auto shop.
Cas nodded tentively. Doing as he was asked and keeping his focus solely on Dean. He moved slowly, allowing Cas the time to adjust to his movements, stepping back as he moved forward. He wasn't sure about dancing but moving in tune with Dean was one of the easiest thing he could do. He lost himself in Deans eyes as he led them around the room. Dean grew bolder with each passing song, picking up the pace and challenging his foot work, until he was twirling Cas around the floor. Cas became more confident with every step, laughing openly as Dean attempted new things.
"That arm is clear." he gestured to the arm next to Dean. "Run it under cold water, dry it off, hold it up and keep pressure on any spots that keep bleeding."
"I could learn," Cas stated, eyeing Dean slowly, "I don't really get the opportunity to learn about cars in my family."
Castiel retrieved his car, driving around the quickly emptying lot and pulling up beside the Impala, receiving a fresh round of rich kid comments from the group before Kevin jumped in the seat beside him. Leaving Charlie to ride with Dean.
"You're up early" Bobby commented as Dean stumbled into the kitchen in search of coffee the next morning.
"How are you doing Benny?" Dean called, as he finished the piece he was working on and sliding out from under the car.
"Well," Kevin started, adjusting in his chair with a quick glance at Dean. "We had to debate the pros and cons of the soulmate system. It was our argument that soulmates are something that can enhance your life and not necessarily some-one who would break up pre-existing relationships."
We got to watch that guy meet his very own soulmate in the parking lot before the debate. So he was kinda screwed, just by having to argue against the system with his soulmate sitting there and watching him the whole time."
"Speaking of which, how did you come to be running around with Ash and his Castiel after midnight?" He asked.
"Loud enough to drown out everything!" Cas threw his head back laughing. "I spent a week with my ears ringing last time."
"Where Cas is going to take me on our date." Kevin teased, relaxing back in his chair. "I was thinking movies but he's talking candlelit dinners."
"Just talking. I wanted to check how he was doing and make sure he wasn't put out by me being your soulmate."
Dean pulled back out of Cass arm, glancing between the two of them, and Cas made no move to stop him.
Ash looking more alive, flicked his attention in between the two of them as Dean started wiping down the countertops and walls where blood had been splashed.
"We finish at midnight. Give me say... 20 to pack up?" He shrugged his shoulders. "Where will I find you?"
"Noo" Dean said shaking his head. "I'm not interested in dealing with her tantrums this weekend. That can wait till Monday."
Castiel chuckled quietly at their antics as he stared at his phone. Sending Gabriel a quick text to let him know that he was at the tournament and would let him know how it went later.
"Don't be rude Sam." He chided gently, not seeing the glare Dean was leveling at her behind his back.
"Oh. You see that really pretty guy in the middle there?" Charlie asked the class, getting a few appreciative comments from the girls in the class. "I'm glad you agree Lisa, he is gorgeous isn't he?
Castiel spent the rest of the afternoon playing phone tennis with his siblings as they hung around the shed. He learned that Anna had received a call from their mother informing her of the arrest and giving her the simple command to stay at college over spring break rather than coming home, but hadn't been told anything else, she was shocked when he informed her that the house was off limits. Gabe was a little better informed, but in the bad books with the lawyers for giving him the combination for the safe, apparently their had been some sensitive information in there that they had wanted to keep out of FBI hands. Cas might have felt bad about that until Gabe applauded him for taking on the man (aka Dad). He also promised to harass every-one he could to get him some answers as long as he kept himself safe at the soulmates house until then. Cas was pleased to be able to put his brothers concern to rest by saying that Dean wasn't going to let him leave until he had somewhere stable to go anyway. As for his mother, Michael and Lucifer. He couldn't get them on the phone at all. But the each sent a message through, telling him to stay put and wait for further instruction when they arranged things. Not one of them asked where he was.
Cas was stopped several times as he walked back through the club, on his way to the pool hall by eager fans, some-thing he didn't enjoy but on the same token couldn't turn down for the band’s sake. When he found Dean playing a game against his wingman, he took a moment leaning on the wall to watch their playful banter, completely undisturbed by his brother’s interference. Dean had his back to him, giving Benny shit over his inadequate abilities as he won the game. With Deans back turned, Benny was the first to spot him, winking at Cas as Dean won the game.
"That's the same reaction Benny had." Cas shook his head in confusion. "Thank-you for this by the way."
Castiel couldn't pull Dean close enough as the kiss got heated. With one hand in his hair and the other fisted in the back of his shirt, he was lost. When Dean pulled back, he groaned in disappointment. Until Dean tugged on the end of his shirt asking 'can I' in a husky voice. Cas nodded allowing Dean to run his hands up his ribs as he slowly drew the shirt over Cass head. When the shirt had been carelessly discarded his hands returned to Cass ribs, now tracing over the symbols tattooed there. Cass breath came in unsteady bursts as Deans touch sent bolts of longing through his body. He was almost desperate for more when Dean brought his lips to his again. It didn't take long for Deans shirt to join his on the floor. The pentagram encircled in flames on Deans chest had him dropping off the bench to be able to fasten his lips to the symbol. Cas loved this process of discovering things, like peeling back layers on a painting to discover the artist intentions. Dean was delightfully more complex than most people he knew and had completely captured his interest.
Cas stopped swinging, tilting his head and smiling at him. Dean could tell that there was something on the tip of his tongue that he was holding back from saying by the way his tongue was running along the inside of his teeth. Recognising that he wasn't comfortable in saying it yet, Dean changed the subject.
Cas laughed, not wanting to admit his disappointment at stopping, rolling to the side to get some space between their bodies again. "It might be better not to try that again while you have a girlfriend. I doubt she'd be to happy with you showing up with hickeys from some-one else."
Cas grabbed the edges of Deans shirt. Pulling him forward between his legs until they were chest to chest. He enjoyed Deans gasp of surprise at the action.
"They played covers originally," Benny replied shifting in his seat to give Dean his full attention. "They made a deal with the owner to start introducing originals, just one or two mind you, in the beginning to see how the crowd would react. And the people loved it" he said tapping his fingers on the bar for emphasis. "Honestly, I don't think Jerry expected them to do so well" he added with a shake of his head.
They were pulled out of their discussion about underrated rock songs when the lights came on, drawing their attention to the crowd exiting the theatre as they spoke. Sam was leaning against the row of seats in front of them, playing with the straw of his soda, as he stared at them.
"Maybe next time you should bring your own friend." Dean smirked as he gathered his forgotten drink and stood, checking his pockets for his keys and wallet.
"Keep an eye on him, where possible and try and keep him off the booze for a while. He's already agreed to it for Cas, but he can't watch him round the clock."
Dean looked at Kevin carefully before nodding and accepting the white formal shirt Charles held out to him.
Dean lead him out into the sunlight. The grassy area was scattered with picnic tables filled with students. Other groups opted to sit on the ground or lean against the walls in small groups. Cas followed Dean over to a small group of trees to the side of the area, as Kevin caught up with them, and sat beside Dean with his back against the trunk.
The bus was grimy, with unknown stains and the faint smell of something dead lingering in the air. Castiel spent the ride to school studying the maps the lawyers had handed him and deciding that he would walk home. He wasn't sure how long it would take, but if he did it this afternoon, he would be able to judge if he could make it to school on time the next morning, without stepping onto that thing again.
Friday morning and not nearly enough coffee to face the day, Bobby found himself in the shop as always, running through his of jobs so far and contemplating his need to find an extra hand for a few hours a week. The problem with hiring mechanics, is that the pay wasn't especially great and most guys worth their salt couldn't live of anything less than full time work. He just didn't have enough hours to give to make it worth their time. Having Dean pitch in around the place helped a fair bit but left him feeling guilty knowing the kid was giving up his own plans, and even with him, Bobby was pulling over time left right and centre, trying to keep up with the demand.
Knowing Dean, he'd be here inside twenty minutes if he knew Cas needed him. "Might be best to wait until he gets home to tell him. It's hard enough to keep him at school at the best of times.
"Knock it off Charlie!" He warned across the room. "You don't interfere with people's relationships."
Dean covered his mouth with his hand, as his mask broke, laughing quietly as he leaned forward with his shoulders shaking. Cas kicked his legs out, crossing his ankles casually and leaning back, as he bit back a laugh of his own.
"Needless to say, that sobered me up pretty quick." Cas continued. "I stayed there with him for the rest of the night. Convinced him in the end to come home with me. He ended up living with us for near four months before he was comfortable enough to be on his own again. By that time, we had started the band up. I think that helped him a lot...
Cas turned in his arms, pulling him in for a deep kiss before they started down the hall. This trip was quicker than the last stopping only three times before the bedroom to make-out along the way.
"This is my Uncles place. His business, his house and his scrap yard. It's a little messy at times, but it's home."
"It might surprise you to know, that you're not the only friend I have in this competition." Cas sassed, flicking his chest and smiling sweetly at him. "It's good to see you too. Do you think you can behave yourself on stage tonight?"
Cas looked down at the guitar in his hands, running his fingers over the string before he responded.
Cas chuckled at the rough way Bobby asked. The last thing he wanted to do was spend more time stressing over his life going down the toilet.
"Martian." Sam grinned, checking the time on Deans phone. "We've got an hour until it starts, and the cinema isn't too far from here."
"Not you Balth." He responded, helping load Ash’s drums and scrubbing his face with his hands. "These three, over here." He gestured to Gabe, Meg and Kevin.
Dean jumped, placing the mug on the counter quickly, having forgotten that she was there. Cas laughed as he let out a string of curses, damning her to hell.
"Huh," Dean thought back over the day in concern now. "Is that a problem? I didn't think you minded."
The smile slipped from his face as he noted Cass red rimmed eyes. The purple bags under his eyes spoke of a lack of sleep and the pale haunted expression in his face, despite his smile, had his heart dropping. At his concerned look, Cas dropped his head, looking away quickly and trying to hide his face by scrubbing a hand over his eyes.
"Watch it!" He growled in response, flipping the sign in the front office to closed, and greeting her with a quick hug. "You're looking good Ellen. How is the bureau treating you?"
"You look familiar." she stated glancing at the rest of her group, "Are you debating tonight or just here for the show?"
Dean pulled him gently into his arms, placing his hands around his waist, and placing his hands accordingly. He looked down at the arrangement of their bodies, trying to work out if he had it right, when Dean caught his chin in his hand, forcing him to look into his eyes.
"Leave it alone. Dean has enough drama with her without us adding more." Kevin agreed, with a nod at Cas.
"Not this kid." Bobby said simply, leading her out the back door of the shop and heading down to the back shed where he knew the boys would be buried in the Challenger. "He came straight here Friday, didn't know which way was up at the time, looking for some decent family I suppose. Did you know that before his parents came home that kid had been all alone for weeks. Not so much as a phone call. I was getting ready to go over there and take him off their hands."
"No, Cas is good." He said watching Dean. "I wanted to see something. You know, before you leave, and I never see you again."
Dean grumbled the entire way to picking up Charlie and Kevin, who were now dressed more casually than they had been last night as well. Cas didn't waste any time chewing Charlie out from the front seat as Dean drove. This lead to them walking up to Benny's firepit, still bickering about the rules and etiquette surrounding organised debates, and causing Benny to question them as they sat down.
"What... What happened?" He asked seriously. Cas ran his hands through his hair, worried at how Dean might react to this.
Dean looked over the car, acutely aware of how easy it would be to fall for this guy, and reminding himself that he had Lisa and friends in his life that he needed to consider as well. "I like that, the friends thing. And I have to say, this, hanging out and working on cars together, this is something I would love to do with you again."
"I don't think he cares about your clothes brother." Benny said as Perdition started up another song. "He seems to like you just fine."
"Thankyou. For being with me tonight Dean." Taken aback by the complete sincerity of his words, Dean brought his forehead to rest against his.
The look on Deans face made him grin. The surprise and utter longing that took hold pleased Castiel more than anything. One of the things he liked most about Dean was how easy he was to read.
Cas dropped a box filled with half empty bottles loudly on the table behind them, asking Ash what the fuck he had been drinking the night before. Ash shrugged before admitting that he had drunk pretty well everything within reach last night which had Cas shaking his head as he asked Dean for the keys to his car.
"If I tell you, can you keep it to yourself for a while?" Cas asked earnestly, glancing at Dean through the window.
Cas turned only to stumble back a moment later as he found his arms full of a small redhead. He cursed loudly as Dean placed a hand on his back to keep him from tripping.
After some muffled cursing and quiet laughter, Dean rolled out first rubbing the top of his head, Cas followed soon after grinning from ear to ear.
Cas watched the debate with interest, keeping an eye on Deans expressions throughout, he could tell by the look on his face at the end of his argument, that the decision would be close. Balthazar and Daniel cheered at the result, while Cas applauded politely refusing to join in their enthusiasm as Dean congratulated the opposing team on their victory. Charlie was muttering to herself as she left the stage, Cas didn't need to hear it to know that it would be her own unique string of curses, Dean didn't seem too upset, sending Cas a wink before leading Kevin off with a hand on his shoulder.
Cas watched as he got up to retrieve a cooler from one of the cars, making a mental note to keep an eye on this guy. Dean leaned against his shoulder, whispering softly. "Are you good? We can leave if you want."
It was hard to walk the line of admitting he was single and available for drunken sex with Dean sitting here. His very presence made him feel like he was already in a committed relationship with him, which was ridiculous to think when Dean had a girlfriend waiting at home for him, but he couldn't shake the need to reassure Dean that he wasn't with someone else. Absolutely silly to feel like that. Maybe he did need to get laid. The problem was the only person he wanted to sleep with was sitting across the table from him looking lost at the idea of him getting drunk with other people.
"Stop! Stop." He said stepping quickly in front of Bobby and Dean. "There's no use yelling. Let me talk to him, okay?"
"She probably would have killed him, if that's anything to go by." Dean sat now, breathing easier now that he had shaken off the stress of talking to Lisa. "I can understand why he doesn't care for his families opinions now. Could you imagine."
It was the same as waking with Dean wrapped around him in bed. He was content. Even after his crappy morning, running into Hannah of all people while he was fighting back nausea, Deans arm around him and his breath hot against his ear made him feel at home. Not his home perhaps, but the overwhelming sense of belonging when you found your place in the world. That was what Dean was for him. He wasn't sure when they stopped paying attention to the film altogether. Being vaguely aware that they were still in the movie theatre as they conversed in hush tones, their bodies turned in on each other, making the best of the hard seat.
"I'm fine, Dean. I thought we were here for Benny not me." He reminded quietly, unable to keep his eyes from flicking to Deans mouth for a second.
Lisa's face lost all colour as she looked between Dean and the image of Cas on the screen. "No. You're supposed to be with me."
Cas stood up, running his hands through his hair and waiting for Dean to lead the way. He followed him down the hall and into the kitchen they past last night to find a young boy seated at the table and a middle aged man dropping plates of bacon and eggs down in front of him.
Cas was silent, weighing up what he could and could not tell him. "I met Ash at a house party downtown a couple of years ago. In the bathroom actually. Drunk of his ass with a bottle of Jack and every bottle of prescription drugs he could find in the house. Painkillers, sleeping pills, anti-depressants the lot. He looked up at me and asked what was better, a cocktail of drugs or a noose."
Cas laughed at the jibe. "I'd be happy with a friend I could call in the middle of the night after a shitty day. What would you want?"
Harville's was quite when they walked in. The grill had been shut down for the night and the staff were finishing up their final wipe-down for the evening, while they had maybe ten stragglers at the bar that looked as though they had been there several years all ready. Dean thought he actually recognised a couple from when he worked the bar here. It wouldn't surprise him to find these same guys occupying the stools here in five years’ time. They looked like a fixture.
Dean had started working full time at 16 in hopes of saving enough to get away from his father. He had succeeded at 18. The two-bedroom duplex he secured wasn't anything flash, but it was solid and clean. He had learnt long ago how to handle household repairs, so the leaking tap, no longer dripped, the holes in the walls were patched and re-painted and everything finally functioned without fault. Alright, maybe he was a bit anal when he discovered a new squeaky hinge but considering the run-down buildings, he and Sammy had called home for so many years, Dean was proud of his home. Proud to be able to provide his brother with something a little closer to the apple pie life than he had known as a teenager.
He made it to the bar where he was lucky enough to snag a stool, abandoned by a peppy blonde in favour of the dance floor, where he ordered a beer an took the opportunity to search for his friend. Benny, however, was no-where in sight. A second scan of the club had Dean shaking his head in disappointment as he reached into his pocked to apply a modern solution to his problem.
"Looks good!" Charlie bounced on the bed, wearing her slacks with one of Cass polo shirts that came almost to her knees.
Cas laughed, kneeling down at his bag again  and opening the front pocket to retrieve a small box. Dean watched him open-mouthed.
"Don't let the angry act fool you. Bobby is a sweetheart. His offer was genuine, when he said you're welcome at our place, anytime for any reason. In his mind, you're family now. Sam's too, he told me the other day that he likes his other brother better."
Mr B started the class by bringing up a photo of the three of them on stage at the debate, sitting across from Cass team as the moderator had finished his introduction. Dean studied the image quickly. In it, his eyes were on Cas, cocky and confident, while Cas was hiding a grin by looking out over the crowd.
Cas was further from home than he initially thought. It took them over an hour to reach his neighborhood, with Deans eyes growing steadily wider as they as they pulled up to his house.
Deciding that he wasn't ready to face it, he made his way to Deans room, hoping to locate the guitar that he swore was in there somewhere. It took him longer than he would have liked, but he found it, leaning against the back wall of Deans closet, hidden from view by scattered shoe boxes and dropped clothes.
Lisa caught him after school, obviously displeased that he hadn't begged her forgiveness yet. He sat on the hood of the Impala as she ranted and raved about ho inconsiderate he was being to her. Usually he would be trying to take this argument somewhere away from prying eyes, but he really didn't want her getting in his car at this point, if it was a scene she wanted, she could have it. He sent Sam a quick txt letting him know he would be late to pick him up.
Dean wasn't sure if it was the lights or his imagination, but the singer was staring straight at him, and he couldn't tear his eyes away. The deep voice belting out rough lyrics riddled with anger and a hefty dose of sarcasm, paired with the defined muscles showing through his shirt that backed up the badass appearance, Dean was more than willing to indulge in the illusion that this guys eyes had managed to find him in the crowded club. On the final note of the song the singer pulled the mic away from his mouth and smirked. His eyes didn't waver from Deans until the band moved into the next song. Dean pulled in a shaky breath and swivelled around to grab his beer and wondered what the hell was wrong with him, as he turned back to the band.
They drove through the streets quietly, enjoying the cool night air and the knowledge that they wouldn't be saying goodbye for a while. Dean pulled into a driveway a few blocks over, confusing Cas as he looked at the sign 'Singers Garage', Dean smirked at him as he drove around the building. There was a house further down and Cas could see a yard full of scrap cars behind that. Dean pulled into a carport beside the house, chuckling at the confusion on his face.
He walked into the bar looking and smelling better than he had the night before. Rather than walking in in the clothes he had been working all day in, as he had last night, tonight he had showered, shaved and even applied some cologne, and topped it off with a button up shirt rather than his usual band-tees. Although, he couldn't bring himself to wear anything other than his trusted jeans. But it was enough for Benny to do a double take when he saw him.
Cas shook his head in disbelief. "Ignore her.” He said with a pointed glare at Meg. “Dean this is Daniel, Daniel I'm sure you remember Dean from earlier."
Cas smoothed down his collar when he was done, stepping back to look him over. "I'm free. Did you want to meet back here after?"
Cas didn't ask what they had been talking to Benny about before they went back on stage, but he sure as hell asked while they were packing up.
Sam pulled up the contact details and dialled the number without comment as he listened to it ringing. Dean looked at him in the corner of his eye as Sam pulled the phone away from his ear checking the screen briefly.
"Don't look at me." Bobby stated, refilling their cups. "My boys know that soulmates are something to be proud of, not something to keep hidden."
The first wolf whistle had him rolling his eyes, clearly this class was rowdier than the science classes had been. The second was followed up with some guy calling for the new kids attention. At this, Cas scratched the back of his head with his middle finger, sending a roll of laughter through the isles behind him and causing the Mr B to look curiously at his innocent expression.
"I think this would be easier if we agreed not to lie to each other, don't you?" He said softly now. Dean found he had to focus to catch all the words, which was made more difficult by his desire to close the distance between their lips.
"I think we both need to learn some control." Cas commented, as Dean ran his hands through his hair staring at the ceiling.
Cas pulled a face at Dean, utterly confused with the brief interaction with their teacher. Dean shrugged in return. It wasn't unusual for Mr B be cryptic and he wasn't to worried about it.
"Come on Cas," Dean brushed aside his response, "you can't tell me this is what you pictured when your soul-mark showed up."
"Cas, I want... I mean if you..." he stopped to take a breath, as Cas laid a hand on his shoulder to steady him. "Did you want to stay at my place? I was hoping we could spend some time really getting to know each other. If you want to?"
Dean watched him go with a chuckle. He couldn't help the sinking feeling in his stomach as Cas left. He watched as Cas turned back and smiled at him before disappearing around the edge of the house and he'd be a liar he said his heart didn't stutter at the sight.
"It's mid conversation because I was talking to Charlie originally, Dean just happened to be with her, until he got cocky."
"It's not fine Cas! Your parents just up and leave for weeks and you don't even have anyone checking in with you." Dean pleaded, running his hands through his hair. "Come stay with me?"
It was late afternoon when Sam wandered inside accompanied by a tall boy who stopped at the sight of Cas leaning over the engine bay as Deans feet poked out from under the car. Cas looked over the new comer carefully, unsure of where he stood in Deans world, as Sam came up beside him to check their progress.
"Just for clarification." Dean said looking him over carefully. "You are okay with me doing what I've been doing right?"
"There is a cinema close to where they live. I've already printed out the schedule." Sam grinned at them cheekily.
They few silent again as the moderator stepped out to announce the results. Cas applauded when they announced that Forest Glen would be going through to the next round, knocking Holy Spirit out of the finals. The annoyance on Daniels face was clear as he congratulated the other side, his face hardening as he shook hands with Dean before they filed off to be replaced by the next debate.
Cas clung on to him. He hadn't thought old memories could still make him lose his balance. Yesterday he would not have thought twice about the smokes in his pocket or why they were there. He certainly would not have felt the need to explain it, to any-one let alone a half-naked, near stranger. He hated feeling this needy and vulnerable, but he couldn't deny how safe he felt in Deans arms. He wasn't sure what scared him more.
Dean looked at her closely, trying to decide if she was serious. Cas drummed his fingers on the table, staring out the window, as the smile slipped from his face.
"Unfortunately for you, they won't let us on stage if your not dressed appropriately." The Asian boy stated, buttoning up his shirt.
Cas ran his hands up and down his back with a low chuckle. “Unfortunately, you can’t fall asleep here, either. We’ll have to make it to the bedroom because I for one need to clean up, possibly a shower, probably a shower.”
"Fine!" She sighed angrily, grabbing her mug and joining them. "You can't blame me for wanting to find some-one that actually makes you happy."
He found Cas in the men's room with a miserable looking Ash staring into space as Cas picked the glass out of his arms.
For all the confidence Dean had found in his domestic life he had no clue how to face a night out. Pulling up around the corner of the club had his heart beating faster as he wiped his palms on his jeans. You can do this, he thought. It's just a few drinks with Benny. Nothing to worry about. Right.
"So, it was just you and your brother that left? I'm guessing you don't want to tell me why?" he asked softly.
Cas looked at the classic Impala that they had stopped beside. His eyes widening with appreciation as he whistled softly.
Kevin was the first to join him. Cas was surprised considering he had barely finished the first coffee. Kevin pulled his phone out, bringing up a video and dropping it in front of him, as he claimed the first coffee.
He watched Cas out of the corner of his eye, while doing as he was told. Ash, however, was staring directly at Cas waiting for his attention while Cas remained focused on cleaning him up. Ellen was going to have a fit if she saw the state of this bathroom. He was already making a mental checklist of all the things he would need in order to clean it up when they were done with Ash.
"That's the deal. You've got about 10 before they'll be ready." He called leaving the room and heading downstairs with a smile.
"There's not much that I won't tell Gabe..." Cas smiled as Dean leant on the car beside him. "He has demanded that I send him a photo of you though. He wants to see who my soulmate is."
With all the cuts cleaned Ash was sporting bandages that wrapped around each hand and halfway up his forearms to cover the worst of it. Dean excused himself to pack away the first aid kit and fetch Ellens cleaning gear. He was about to enter the bathroom again when the conversation caught his attention and brought him to a halt.
The truth was, he didn't know what to do with himself. He hadn't had a night free in almost three years!  Had it really been so long?
Bobby had ranted and raved when he told him that Cas was handling most of the business of keeping he and his Mom afloat, while she wallowed in self pity, demanding that he convince Cas to move in with them instead. Castiel refused to leave his Mom alone however. Stating that she needed some-one there to help her and as the last kid in the house, it was his responsibility now. He had convinced Dean that the worst was behind them now, as far as everyday living arrangements went, the only thing left to focus on was his Dads trial.
The Moderator introduced the subject, Universal Healthcare, with Deans side being For and Daniels side being Against. He wondered whether they had chosen sides based on the school’s socio-economic backgrounds. Each side would naturally relate to their own arguments in this one, so it was going to be interesting to watch. Daniels side opened the debate. It was clear within the first few minutes that they were sticking with the 'If it ain't broke, don't fix it argument'. Charlie was keeping to his advice, focusing her attention on the crowd and the panel highlighting the ways in which the health system failed, not only the lower class with inadequate health insurance, but all levels of society by relying on private businesses to decide who gets covered for what.
"First things first Cas." Dean spoke for the first time in hours, running his hand gently through Cass hair. "Whatever happens, you have a home here, okay. You don't ever have to doubt that."
Dean took his time to down another mouthful before responding this time. "Didn't you say that they were a cover band? I've never heard any of these songs before" he challenged his friend.
"Pretty much." Dean said looking at his phone as it started buzzing, signaling message after message coming through in quick succession. "Charlie's sending me photos from last night."
"Alright then." Cas responded, his eyes moving to Deans lips and finger tips trailing down his thigh. "And no, my name isn't Cassy. It's Castiel." He added before stepping back.
"I don't know about that," he admitted knowing that Dean was still claiming to have a girl at this point, "but he wears his heart on his sleeve more. He just hasn't figured out what it's telling him yet."
"Benny," he started, placing an arm around Dean and leading them both to the table. "I hope they weren't too rude... were they?" He asked earnestly.
It was while Benny was going into detail about a particularly ignorant line cook at his restaurant that Dean saw him appear at the across from him. His face more animated now as he pleaded with the blonde bartender in front of him. A smile lit up his face as she threw her head back and laughed, gesturing for him to wait while she retrieved something.
He spent the rest of the day with a sick feeling in his stomach knowing that Dean would be out with Lisa tonight. He ended up on his bed playing the same song Dean had played a week ago 'Through Glass', it seemed oddly fitting for his mood.
All three came back with a combination of 'Yes', 'Please' and 'Praise coffee', that had Cas laughing as he stepped carefully over the bodies at the end of his bed and headed for the door.
"Mr Novak." The teacher called as Cas was thanking Kevin. "Are you the same Novak that faced our school in the debate semi-finals?"
"None at all." Cas answered, staring at Charlie tucked under his arm with a bright smile. "Daniel, this is Charlie and Kevin."
"My parents, not me." Cas said pulling of his borrowed boots to drop in the trunk, before grabbing his things. "Come in, I'll show you around."
"I wanted to thankyou for your assistance earlier. It's not something I would expect a guy to be able to help with usually."
Cas was sitting up on the couch when he came back and Dean would be lying if he said he didn’t pause to appreciate the sight of the sex haired musician stretching out and waiting for him.
Benny wasn't sure whether to be offended or amused at the remark, but let it pass as he shook his hand. "Likewise. There's a couple of options. Jared's having a get together, if you wanted to grab Lisa and check it out?"
Castiel resolutely ignored the guys attempt to introduce himself, keeping his eyes on the front of the class instead, he got the message after a few tries and left him alone.
Ellen shrugged. "Depends on what she has tucked away. Their lawyers will help them find a place to live within their means while the case takes place. I doubt it'll be like what they're used to, but they'll adjust."
"Be honest with me for a minute, would you?" Meg looked at him seriously now, fingering one of the shots. "Your girlfriend broke up with you for meeting your soulmate. Your soulmate has a girlfriend who he isn't planning on dumping anytime soon. What would you rather be doing tonight?"
"Really?" Dean smirked, running his thumb teasingly over his nipple as Cas nodded. "You must be horny as hell."
Cas cupped his face gently in his hand, running his thumb experimentally along the edge of his lower lip before responding. "I'm more grateful that you're my soulmate with each and every day."
Cas raised his eyebrow and suppressed a grin at the contact details on the screen. He tapped the phone on the bar before locking it and sliding it back into his jeans. Dean was wearing a shit-eating grin on his face that he wanted to wipe clean off, preferably with his tongue.
"Hate to tell you, but you will always be a rich kid to us." He argued as Bobby stopped outside his door, tapping the frame gently to get their attention. "That's just how things work with us lowly public-school kids."
Benny looked at him curiously as Dean pulled a face at his brother. "Well the other option is grabbing a few people and heading out to the dam for a few hours."
Bobby made a non-committal noise, turning to his whiskey. He never had kids. He had no idea how to broach these subjects with them and no freaking clue what to say next. His only point of comfort at this point was that Ellen looked like she was in the same boat on this one.
"Keep in mind," Cas said searching the fridge, as they explored the kitchen. "My parents had five kids. That's seven people running around this big house, they needed the space, it wasn't always just me bumming around here."
Cas tried to grab his phone back before he could read it but Dean was faster, holding the phone above his head and dancing out of reach.
Without going into detail about the history Cas had given him, he gave Ellen and Bobby the basic run down of Cass concerns and explaining the conversation he had overheard from the two earlier that day.
"It's not something you need to thank me for." He admitted slowly. "For future reference, I usually keep a few things like that on hand, if you or your friends get stuck."
"Holy Spirit has been competing there as long as Madison has." Cas said packing away his books with an air of indifference. "How did you think I met him."
"A few years ago, maybe, it became normal pretty fast. I don't really think about it much anymore. Occasionally some-one will stop by and spend the night and I'll think how weird it is to have them here. Gabe was here a couple of weeks ago and coming down to find him sitting at the table in his underwear was strange."
"Stop staring Sammy! You're making him nervous." Dean said smacking Sam on the arm. "Dig in Cas, they won't bite.
Cas chuckled. He appreciated the show of strength from the girl who had been embarrassed by his intervention earlier. He schooled his features into a neutral expression before making a exaggerated bow and offering her his arm. She looked down her nose at him proudly, with a small smile tugging at the corner of her mouth, as she slipped her arm into his.
"Where the hell have you been boy?" She demanded, straightening up with her hands on her hips. "What do I have to do to get a damned phone call?"
Dean liked the idea of having something of Cass on him at all times and he liked the idea of Cas wearing something of his even more. He ran the back of his hand along Cass beside him, linking their fingers without comment. "No problem."
Dean did a small dance, rubbing it in Benny's face before Benny pointed in his direction with a smirk. The embarrassment on Deans face only lasted a second.
"And now I'm standing here, not wearing a single thing that didn't come out of your cupboards! Hell, I just used your toothbrush!"
Castiel didn't want to admit the need to be cautious, but he couldn't refuse his brothers pure intentions. Gabriel had always wanted to keep him safe, even when he couldn't. Gabe’s sincere concern managed to take the edge of his annoyance.
Cas ran his finger down the overlapping fabric of Deans shirt, where the buttons joined, taking a moment to appreciate the maroon dress shirt he had worn.
Dean chuckled as his heart beat began to slow again. "The suit and tie won't go down well with student population, no."
"You're not getting the glasses back." Cas said standing upright and putting the aviators on again. "They're mine now." he added with a smirk before turning to walk down the drive.
Dean laughed at the captions, realising that he had missed Cass sarcasm the first time around. Once he started he couldn't stop, passing the phone to Benny to show him the messages, as he brushed the tears out of his eyes. Benny chuckled at the photo before passing it on to Carlie and Kevin.
Sam pulled Cas to the table, pulling a chair out and telling him to sit. Cas wasn't sure he had seen a family interact so comfortably before, watching as they took their places around him at the table, with Sammy grinning ear to ear and Bobby waiting patiently for Dean to explain how they met.
Cas thought about it as they ate. Thankful that Dean didn't push and Kevin didn't feel the need to interject with his opinions. It would be nice to be back at Deans again, but he wondered if going to school together and crashing his home might be a bit too much, too quickly. They had agreed at the beginning that they both had their own lives, and they wouldn't interfere with each others. He was going to have to find his own friends here to make sure he didn't become reliant on Deans presence. Until he got settled in, he didn't think it would matter to much if he spent a bit of extra time with him and his friends.
"I never told her about it." Cas admitted, glancing at him. "I didn't actually tell anyone about it. No -one in my family ever met their soulmate so I just tried to convince myself that that would happen to me to. I didn't want to get caught up hoping."
"Whose car is that?" He asked drawing Deans attention to the white car parked beside the house as they stopped in the driveway. "That looks expensive!"
"Alright private school," Charlie leant on the back of his seat, staring at him. "Top five fandoms and why?"
"I don't know..." Dean sighed leaning back. "She made me promise not to break up with her no matter how hot my soulmate turned out to be! But I don't think she was expecting you to be a guy."
Dean melted into the kiss. Wrapping an arm around Castiels waist to draw him in, as he lost his other hand in his hair. Everything about the man was addictive. Cas moved with confidence, slipping his tongue into Deans mouth and taking control of the kiss while using his hands to map out every inch of his body, from his cheekbones down to the curve of his ass through his jeans. The slow and constant motions of his hands left Dean half desperate and certain in Castiels ability to make this, his first time with a guy, an interesting experience.
Cas entered him slowly, hovering over his body and watching for any signs of discomfort. If Dean could find his voice, he would have let him know that it was okay, instead he settled for tracing his fingers over Cass chest and shoulders. Using this to pull him into a kiss as Cas began to move.
"The problem is, I'm having a very rowdy party at my place that Cassy should be coming to!" Balthazar pointed out, raising his eyebrow at him.
"Blond, green eyes. Looks like he just stepped off a photo shoot." Cas said with a wink, "Yeah, he's hot!"
"It's good to see you," Dean said quietly, watching as Cas smiled at him while he knotted the tie expertly. "I didn't know you were coming tonight."
Cas pulled his arm out from under his shirt and turned over, putting his weight on his knee to hover over Dean, forcing him to lay back flat on the bed.
In the middle of all this and he was thinking about the damn car! That had to be something unique to Dean alone, he thought, pulling a rectangular device from his pocket. It was slightly larger than a standard business card and a bit weightier. He held it up between two fingers, unsure what to make of Deans quick grin as he plucked it out of his hand. Cas watched as he dropped it in his back pocket without so much as a glance, confusing not just him but Lisa as well. Sam, on the other hand, stood smirking at his brothers’ actions.
"Alright!" Dean called back, running his hand through Cass hair to wake him up. "Time to meet the family."
"That's my friends plans for me." Cas shrugged. "Drunken one-night stands aren't that appealing to me."
Dean opened the hood looking at the mess inside. Worn out parts covered in leaf litter and grime. "You know we should actually talk about this whole soulmate thing."
What are your plans then? Are you going to spend the day brooding or would you like to get your hands dirty?"
Another song, and a fresh beer, and Dean was tapping his foot along to the music completely unaware that his eyes had not left the lead.
"Wonderful, text me the address. I'll see you tomorrow." He added with a pointed look at Cas, before patting his chest lightly and walking away.
"And what? You're going to go to see him later?" It occurred to him that she might be trying to hold him up enough to interfere with him seeing Cas.
"More like demonstrate it from a young age." Cas qualified, pulling a face. "Are you helping me with this or not?"
Dean might have been worried at the words if Cass eyes hadn't been on his mouth. Cas reached into his pocket pulling out his phone and handing it to Dean. Dean turned the phone over in his hands with a smile. He plugged his number into the contacts list and save it under 'smokin hot guy' just to be a smart arse, before sending a smiley face via text to his phone. Dean handed the phone back and watched Cass reaction to the contact name.
"What's wrong with what I'm wearing?" The guy in the leather jacket asked. "I can woo the crowd better when I'm not dressed in a monkey suit!"
Dean glanced at him, surprised by the question. "Ah.... depends really. We tend to be busy through the week so weekends, I try and spend time with Sammy."
"He crashed at my place last night." Dean stated, clearing his throat at Charlies giggle. "He couldn't exactly walk around all day in lasts night clothes, could he. And the garage is no place for a suit. "
"Alright perverts, what do you want to know?" Cas asked moving to bench at the side to plug his phone into the spare charger they kept there.
Cas lead them down the hall without hurry. Asking quietly about which room they were heading to along the way. Pausing to push him against the wall and deepen the kiss and grinning each time Dean found the courage to do the same. Cas took his time, drawing out the process of undressing them, asking if it was alright before removing Deans jeans and underwear. Giving him the time to say ‘no’ or slow things down. Of all the badass’ Dean had been attracted to over the years, Cas was the only one who wasn’t rushing into sex looking for that quick fix, he was savouring it and enjoying the process all while checking in with Dean to make sure they were on the same page.
"Well, it's not like I won't know anyone!" Cas sassed, leaning his elbows back on the table, with a hard gleam in his eyes. Meg caught her arm as she brought it back, holding it in place as Dean got to his feet growling at her.
Cas hummed in agreement as he climbed up Deans body and nuzzled his neck. He was beautiful like that. Soft and pliant, with his eyes slipping closed. Cas was tempted to leave him like that, but the bastard was lying across the middle of the bed and leaving him no space to lie down.
Cas shook his head as he met Dean halfway, pulling him in for a tight hug as the class stared at them. He had missed it. The feeling of Deans arms wrapped around him, even the smell of his favoured deodorant. The phone calls between them had made his days easier but actually being close enough to touch was something entirely different. The smile Dean wore when they pulled away was genuine and sweet.
Dean shrugged, kicking at the gravel absently. "Are your parents’ home this weekend?" Cas shook his as he drained his now cold coffee. "You could always stay at my place, if you're not up to your friends party."
Neither boy knew how long they stood like that. They only knew that by the time Cas had worn himself out Deans shirt was covered in his tears, not that he minded. He brushed off every apology Cas aimed at him over it, taking his hand and pulling him down the hall, showing him easy it was to fix as he found a new shirt in his cupboard. Stripping the old one off and tossing it in the laundry pile. Cas made his way to the bathroom as Dean changed, washing his face with cold water, trying to calm the blotchy skin. Dean joined him at the sink, running his hand firmly up and down his back, as he cleaned himself up. Dean didn't push him to explain, and he was grateful for that, he just took his hand and led him to the bed. Pulling him down into his arms and letting him get comfortable.
"Because you spend most of your time baiting people!" Cas glared at him, with a small smile tugging at his mouth. "Self-control can be beneficial you know."
"He's a musician." He explained at Bobby raised eyebrow. "It's like me with my car. When he stresses, he plays. You can't take that away from him as well."
Castiel thought that this would be the type of group that would have Balth ready to tear his hair out. But he found them interesting to watch as he waited for his coffee to be made. Their energetic movements wouldn't be tolerated at his school, it would be seen as too distracting, too unruly, something he envied, to him it just looked like they were having a good time. He thanked the barrister as he accepted a large cup of the strongest coffee they had, and wandered to the side, out of the way of the other customers. He picked a spot not far from the group he had been watching to lean on the wall and check his phone as he downed the first mouthful of his drink, hoping the caffeine would kick in before he had to be on stage.
"You're not interfering Cas!" He stated, placing a hand on his shoulder, ignoring his girlfriend’s protests behind him. "I'm making a choice. You wouldn't take that choice away from me, would you?"
"Seriously though," Benny asked. "Why is he wearing your clothes? He was in a different set earlier."
He was going to say, 'any more assholes like you!', but his gaze had fallen on the culprit perched on his desk, at the back of the room, and grinning from ear to ear. The anger drained out of him as he stared at the sparkling eyes of his soulmate in disbelief.
"Well, I guess that means you can't snoop through my house then." Cas smirked, playing on Charlies need to learn about people.
Ellen looked at him and smiled. "You know where it is. Knock yourself out." she looked at the untouched food on the table. "I'll put this in the kitchen till you’re ready, shall I?"
"At least he can appreciate my good looks!" Dean snarked in return. "Come on, you have a milkshake waiting in there you know."
"Yep. He's definitely your soulmate!" Charlie commented, watching Cas trail his fingertips over the lines of the car.
"Balth and Danny are arguing over who gets to help get Cas laid this weekend. Did you want to throw your name in the ring too?" Meg winked at Dean.
"That's some steady progress." He commented, as they scrubbed the worst of the dirt off themselves. "I wasn't sure how much you would be getting done down here, but it doesn't look like you've stopped."
Dean surprised him by sitting on the edge of the bed and pulling the still standing Castiel flush against him mouthing at his now constricted borrowed boxers. Dean pulled the boxers down, staring up at him while taking his length into his mouth. Cas cursed, running his hand through Deans hair, as he watched Dean suck him using a hand to massage the base of his cock that he couldn’t fit in his mouth. For some-one who hadn’t been with a guy before, he had no hesitation in putting his mouth and hands to work to bring Cas to his peak. Keeping his eyes on him the whole time. The only sign of inexperience, was the way he froze as Cas spilled into his mouth, blinking in surprise before working him through his orgasm.
"Yeah. I mean it's just the two of us, and he spends all week studying or doing all the extra curriculum stuff at school. So, weekends, we try and do something together."
Despite the fact that they barely knew each other, Benny had to respect the fact that Cas was falling just as hard as his friend. Not wanting even the smallest of issues to be left unacknowledged meant that he wanted more, and he didn't want anything to fuck that up now or later. Benny had a pretty good bullshit meter, this guy never hesitated. Despite his badass appearance, Benny had no doubt that every word out of his mouth was the truth. He liked that. Dean deserved that. Without words, Benny and Castiel struck an easy truth in that moment.
"It isn't about the soulmate." Cas stated in annoyance. "Forget that for two minutes. We haven't been in the same room without fighting for months! Why would I want to go back to that? I was already thinking about ending it. But all you heard when we spoke was 'soulmate', you didn't hear me saying that I was over the fighting and your complete inability to compromise on things. Getting back together wouldn't change any of that."
Mr B gave him a smug grin. "For the first time in history! They were so impressed with your performance that they put it to a vote and it seems that most schools want to get a better look at the way our small public school managed to make it to finals."
Benny got his fresh beer and opted to take a small table between the pool hall and lounge that gave him a good view of the room and of course Deans budding romance at the bar. No real reason behind him keeping an eye on his friend other than the desire to give him shit about it later. If he thought his efforts to dress to impress had shown off Deans feelings, it was nothing compared to the 'heart eyes' he was pulling now that he was standing in front of Castiel. He chuckled to himself, thinking about letting Sam know how screwed his brother was, when the conversation at the table next to him caught his attention.
"It must have been bad." he said in the end. "What about the rest of your family? Were there other siblings?"
"Sundays are lazy here." Dean explained as they made their way out to the kitchen, spotting Sam on the couch in the loungeroom with a bowl of cereal and the tv going. "What did you want for breakfast?"
The guy in the leather jacket smirked, running his thumb over his bottom lip as he looked at his friends. "The problem was, that I argued with Mr B so well in class, that he went over my head and had the principle threaten to kick me off the football team if I didn't join the debate club! I was set up!"
"I should point out." Mr B called for attention again. "The school we were up against actually won this competition last year! So Charlie, Kevin and Deans argument was quite impressive to sway the crowd to their argument."
Cas stopped what he was doing to lean against the door and watch his progress with a smile growing on his face. He hadn't thought to ask Dean if he played, he had gotten the impression that between the cars, the football and the demands of popularity that he wouldn't have time for much else. He was pretty good, not great, but enough knowledge and skill there that could be developed over time. His voice was surprising as well, though he was actively trying not to sing, Cas could hear him hitting the notes nicely. He felt like someone had pulled the rug out from under his feet on this one. Biting his lip to keep from beaming.
"I'm sorry. What were you going to say there?" Dean challenged, hopping down from the desk to stand in the isle, staring straight at him with a shit-eating grin.
"Well, see for yourself." She responded, pointing her beer at the bar where Dean and Castiel had found a way to converse with minimum space between them. It didn’t take some-one knowing them the way Benny knew Dean, to see how interested they were in each other. They might have been the only two people in the club for how much attention they paid to the people around them.
"It was... I dunno man.... I don't really know what happened. I just felt like I got hit with a semi. Nothing actually happened."
"In that case, we have just enough time to put some food in him." Dean drained his coffee as he stood. Offering his hand to Cas, and wrapping his arm around him when he was on his feet. "Are you coming with us Meg?"
"You're young, you're hot and you're going to bed with a man that has already seen every inch of you." Cas stated with that damn smirk again. "Why the ever-loving fuck, is your shirt still on?"
Cas looked around their faces. Gabriel's uncaring sass, Megs amusement, Kevin's quiet guilty expression and in comparison, Balthazar looked like he had been slapped and couldn't configure out why, whereas Ash was leaning against the van looking like he was watching his favourite program.
Dean looked up from where he was unlocking his car. His eyes growing wide as Cas walked towards him.
Mr B closed the door behind the last of his students and turned to face their small group with a shake of his head.
Cas dropped his hand away and surged forward to capture his mouth, sinking into the urgent kiss and Dean began to think that Cas might not be as slow and collected as he originally thought.
Cas laughed, thinking about Gabe's reaction. "Gabriel is determined to cross off every sin in the book, in the most outlandish ways, before he dies. He is more than happy to hear that I'm doing anything other than following our parents. So, me telling him that I'm the first person in our family to meet their soulmate, and that it's a guy... Gabe will be on cloud nine for the next month."
"See, if you had found the name of the school I would have driven you! But no! You couldn't remember what it was!" Dean complained half-heartedly.
Castiel took his time knotting his tie, keeping his eyes on Dean. He wasn't sure why, but he felt that if he blinked now the guy would disappear, never to be seen again. Dean just smiled at him, stealing a mouthful of his coffee as he finished fixing his clothes. He held out the cup when he was done smirking at the way he drunk from it without hesitation.
Harville's was a more rustic bar and grill type place than most places in the area. Cas wouldn't be surprised if the building had stood as the cornerstone for the city around it. But don't be fooled, it wasn't run down or in disrepair. Quite the opposite. The floor was clean and polished hardwood, the grill side sported comfortable booths and varying sized wooden tables and chairs all well maintained. The bar held bar stools around smaller tables and those comfortable pool tables Ash swore by. Cas was interested to see the steady flow of customers through both sections. He had only been here late at night before when it was empty of all occupants other than the steadfast regulars. They got a booth to the side in between the two sections where they could watch the pool tables from their seats.
Dean stumbled over his feet on the way down the hall, glad that he had thought to stop and stock up on condoms and lube for the first time in months, that afternoon. He wasn’t sure then if Cas would be coming back at any point, but he was hoping that he would and he wanted to be prepared. He considered it a smart move now that Cas was in his house for the second night in a row and hoped that they might make this a more regular occurrence.
Cas sat with his back to the door, knee resting on the seat and arm slung over the back of the of the seat, giving him the full view of Deans profile as they drove through the streets. He hadn't asked where they were heading. And Dean didn't say. Credence played through the car as they sat in comfortable silence. Cas was the first to break it.
Dean's smile didn't match the glint in his eye as he looked him over and stepped back to Cas. Charlie wrapped an arm around his waist, tucking her head under his arm with a cheeky grin at Dean, while Kevin joined them by passing Dean his coffee and looking over Balth and Meg.
Dean felt his heart swell when he walked into find them laughing together as Sam picked his way through 'Chasing cars'. He avoided leaving Sam alone with Lisa, having come back to find them either resolutely ignoring each other or ready to murder each other as they argued. Obviously, he had no such concerns when it came to these two. They were both more than happy in each other’s company.
"Swearing on your first day! How very public school of you." Dean teased as he sauntered down the isle, with the class and his friends watching on closely open mouthed at the change in tone.
Cas grabbed one of Ash's half empty bottles of whisky from the trunk and poured both of them a strong dose. Without a word he handed a glass to Dean and sat down in the lounge room. Dean followed suit taking a seat next to him, which he used to his advantage twisting around to throw his legs up over Deans lap.
He offered her his hand, watching her flush in surprise as she took it, allowing her hand to rest on top as they shook. He dropped her hand gently and went back to his table where the slime-ball was watching with a condescending grin. Just look at him made Castiels skin crawl. He turned his attention quickly back to their experiment, hoping this lesson would end soon.
Dean sighed heavily beside him, running his fingers absently over Cass arm. "She seems to have this idea about us being the ideal couple, the quarter back and the cheerleader trope, and she expects that it'll stay that way. So, when I got put on the debate team and started actually using my brain in school, talking to other people instead of just hanging with the same crowd, she saw that image falling apart. Of course having the soul-mark show up soon after just reinforced that concept, reminding her that I have some-one out there that might replace her. She just kind of lost it after that. Became really possessive, trying to control where I went, who I was with and she made sure every-one was aware that I was hers.
"I was reminded in vivid detail, why I avoid those parties!" Cas said rubbing hand over his eyes. "I'm paying for it."
It was the singer. Now standing directly beside him. Looking at him with piercing blue eyes. Blue. Making a striking contrast to the messy black hair.
"Ellen married my boss, Bobby. She kind of adopted Sammy and I when things got hard a few years back." Dean explained. "I spent a bit of time working her bar for her too."
Benny quirked an eyebrow and watched him waiting for a response. Dean swivelled around to where the guy had been standing just moments ago. He took a moment to scan the crowd before it registered that he was gone. Crap. He scanned the bar again thinking he might have missed him in the crowd. Disappointment set in again as a hand reached across to drop a bottle next to his beer.
Dean cleared his throat, picking his coffee up, and studying the way Cas was bent over the table. He was torn between jealousy and sympathy. How did that pompous twit manage to get that close to his Cas? Sympathy won out in the end. Cas was miserable. Clearly, he hadn't enjoyed his night and his morning hadn't turned out much better with Hannah tracking him down while he was hungover no less.
Cas once again had every-ones eyes on him as he unbuttoned his shirt in the same manner he had last night, confused by the sudden change, he pulled the fabric aside exposing the words written above his heart. Just like last night, Deans eyes strayed to the words, taking his time to drink them in again. Sam and Bobby looked at the mark curiously adding it up with the words they had read on Deans arm everyday for months.
Deans expression went from shit-eating grin to I'm picturing you naked in my head. The instantaneous change brought a smirk to his face.
"Regret what?" Cas asked opening his eyes finally and surveying the troubled look on Deans face as he traced the words over his heart.
"What do you think?" Cas smirked, snapping a picture. "You can't say anything. I know you took pictures of me in the garage!"
Cas laughed as Dean exited the photo gallery, and added his contact details to his phone, sending himself a quick message while Cas watched him.
"It's the third night in a row. I'd like to know a bit more about this asshole, if that's okay with you lot."
Dean watched transfixed as Castiel picked up his water and backed into the crowd, watching Dean with interest and confusion as he left. Even as he was lost to sight, Dean stared into the crowd trying to place what the hell had just happened to him.
What the guy hadn't been anticipating was his teenaged son, who had learnt of his fathers charges from the arresting officers rather than his parents, being rather frustrated with the idea that his father who had promoted a religious and law abiding lifestyle had himself broken his own morals. Ellen explained how this kid upon reading the warrant intently, while his mother and her lawyers sat around the kitchen table, had moved from room to room opening every drawer and cupboard door in the house while she and her team had followed behind him. She wasn't allowed to question him without a parent present, but they did make inconsequential small talk as her team raided the house. During this she had pieced together a small outline of the kids life. Youngest of five kids, raised with high expectations but not a whole lot of love or care who didn't share his parents beliefs but held a strong sense of right and wrong of his own.
"Sammy's my little brother." Dean glanced at him as he pulled into traffic. "Have you got any siblings Cas?"
"Fine" came the exasperated reply. "Do me a favour and call or text me later, please? So, I know your alive."
"This spot," Ben growled quietly, "Was for Dean and I to bring friends to. You don't get to decide who we include in that Adam. If that's a problem for you, feel free to leave."
"I've applied for several colleges, and I think I'll defer for a year to give Perdition a proper shot and go from there."
Adam lost confidence as his eyes darted around the group, avoiding Castiel. "Alright, I apologise. I think I just need a beer or two."
Bobby stared at him over the rim of his mug. "You going to tell me why you were in a foul mood yesterday?"
"So, what? The worst-case scenario, I beg Bobby to take me in." Cas asked, thankful not for the first time, that he had found Dean.
Cas moved to the door only to be blocked by both Sam and Dean. "You're not leaving!" Sam said throwing a nasty glare at Lisa.
He danced his finger lightly over Deans back as he thought about what Kevin had said. Dean shows up with a new piece of jewellery and his girlfriend decides to claim credit behind his back. There had to be issues with some-one who thought that would be a good idea, especially when he knew Dean hadn't spent any time with her last weekend. They had been together the whole time, since the debate Friday night, surely his friends would realise that. His hand stilled as Dean stirred, looking up at him groggily, the smile on his face when he looked at Cas couldn't be faked.
"It's not that bad," Cas countered. "Switching between them actually helps me focus. When studying stresses me out, I can take it out in my music and when the band gets too rowdy, I go back to school work."
Dean cursed, closing his eyes and tilting his head slightly to give Cas more room, bringing his hand up to cup the back of his neck. Cas ran his hand up under Deans shirt slowly, grinning at the sharp intake of breath from Dean as he continued to tease his neck.
Dean chased him through the streets, following him home and at Cas direction, pulling into the garage beside him as Charlie ogled the house.
Dean fastened the cufflinks in place and threw his school jacket on, giving Cas an exaggerated twirl to prove that he was done, chuckling as he nodded in approval.
Cas did a double take when Dean walked out of the closet wearing his clothes. There was something insanely appealing about it. Dean caught his look, sending him a wink as he smirked, while Charlie set up her laptop to watch netflicks and complaining about Cass lack of tv. He grabbed his bed clothes out of the draw and headed for the closet, interested to see how Dean would react to him sleeping in his shirt.
“Don’t get me wrong, it’s not that I don’t appreciate the view,” Cas eyed him, throwing an arm over the back of the couch. “But I prefer to show my appreciation through touch.”
Cas dug in his bag as they entered the hall, he looked over 4 sheets of paper before handing one to Dean and shoving the rest back in. Dean studied the sheet commenting quietly to himself. Cas didn't bother trying to follow with the random names he was mentioning. Dean handed the sheet back as they entered the cafeteria.
Cas was at the bar looking at the space Dean had occupied earlier, wondering if he had pushed him too far with the hint on stage earlier. He had very deliberately failed to give Dean his number that morning, not wanting to push his luck considering his admission that Cas was the first guy he had been with. Hell, plenty of guys decided to try it before deciding that gay sex wasn't for them or in some cases gay sex was for them but not a gay relationship. He hadn't wanted that awkward drawn-out conversation of it's not you it's me, crap. So he had avoided it. Giving Dean the chance to walk away, no questions asked, no awkward conversations. But seeing him at the bar earlier, with his wingman from last night beside him, had given Cas hope that maybe he might want more. Just, maybe.
Dean chuckled, dropping them into a pocket of his bag, before stripping his shirt off. Cas followed suit, shrugging out of his jacket and pulling his tie off, dumping them both on top off his bag. He untucked his shirt as he headed to the passenger door, climbing into the front seat before unbuttoning the top of his shirt. Dean climbed in beside him, tossing his leather jacket between them as Charlie and Kevin stashed their bags in the trunk and climbed into the back seat.
When Dean looked up, he went red at the sight of Cas watching him silently from the doorway. Cas was looking at him like he had just hung the moon.
"You're a prick, aren't you?" Dean asked Balthazar redundantly. "I'll give you a ride home Cas. Come on, you're not going to leave before we get a chance to talk are you?"
"None of them will have a problem with you Cas." Dean said easily. "The only one likely to give you shit is Charlie, and you sat through that last night."
"As long as you know." Dean smiled. "Actually I was thinking that you could stay another night and I could take you home Sunday. If you don't have anything better planned?"
Even Bobby was impressed. He had expected that Dean having his untrained soulmate in the shop with him, would cause him to be distracted or take three times longer to get the work done. But Cas had helped to speed things up, providing Dean with a second pair of hands and not hesitating to pitch in. All his questions and Deans explanations were made as they worked, putting a smile on Deans face and getting them through more work than Bobby had anticipated.
"I'm asking about the coffee Dean. Not how you want to take me." Cas laughed. "But... I mean... If you have a preference, feel free to share."
Cas held his hand out in the same manner he had with Faith. "I'm Castiel, it's nice to meet you Jo."
"Fuck you." Dean muttered, getting to his feet as they were dismissed and holding his hand out to Cas with a short demand. "Show me your timetable."
Biker boots sounded the first warning, follow by the black ripped jeans with silver chains dancing between the pockets and belt, a black t-shirt that hung from the body but struggled to contain the shoulders and arms. The hand that held the mic was decorated with rings and leather bracelets at the wrist. A tattoo stretched from wrist to elbow on each arm, that had Dean intrigued. It was the face that pulled him in though. Dark hair and a strong jawline that drew attention to the eyes. Eyes that seemed to look into and through the crowd before him.
Benny patted his back almost consolingly, confusing Cas further, as they joined the group around the fire again. Dean eyed Benny's arm suspiciously, before he dropped it to take his seat and Cas moved back in place beside Dean. Benny smirked when Dean draped an arm over Cass shoulder, pulling him against his side for a moment before releasing him and resting his hand on the log behind Cas.
Cas rubbed the back of his neck in thought. "Michael and Lucifer moved out years ago. Anna's at Stanford and Gabe got a marketing position in Chicago last year. He was home for a visit last week but he flew back on Wednesday."
“Castiel, huh?” Ellen said looking him over as he offered his hand. “Kind of an unusual name, isn’t it?”
Dean sighed, running the back of his hand over his mouth. "I was only on the team as a punishment Cas. It's not a great incentive to stay."
The poor girl had gotten her period unexpectedly, and obviously was not prepared. The same thing had happen to Meg in middle school while they were on a field trip. She had been soo mortified at having to tie a jacket around her waist until the got back to school that Cas had sworn to help out any girl who found themselves in that position in future. He had gone straight home to ask his sister how he could help. Anna had sat him down to go into greater detail about women's biology and bodily functions than school had taught him and shown him what girls needed. Ever since that day, he had carried tampons and painkillers in one of the inner pockets of his bag for just this kind of situation, although he had never had to bring it up with girls he had never met before.
"Yeah. Umm... Officially he has been in my care since I was 18."  Dean said, with a sideways glance at him.
"Think this through, Castiel!" Gabriel called behind him. Cas sent a small wave over his shoulder in response.
"That is up to you." He said before leaning in for a final steamy kiss before they parted. "I do have to tell you something though," he said seriously as he pulled away.
"Absolutely not! I came here to make sure Charlie wouldn't get arrested for murder." Cas grinned, stepping in front of him and doing up his button before flicking up his collar. "I'd hate to see her with blood on her hands."
Dean took full advantage of sharing a shower to run his hands along each tattoo displayed on Cass body. Surprised to find that he had missed the expansive wings that covered most of his back, traveling over his shoulders and half his arms.
"I wasn't out late." Dean said pulling a mug out of the cabinet. Not wanting to dwell on the night he spent trying to reassure his paranoid girlfriend that he wasn't cheating on her. Honestly, the whole thing night had left him with a bad taste in his mouth as she continued to blame him for having a soulmate. "I promised Sam I'd take him to the movies today."
Dean stopped in his track, pulling out his phone to see if Cas had messaged him, as both Lisa and Sam looked at him for an explanation.
"Yes." Lisa challenged from the other side of the room. "Every-one would be better of without them."
"I don't sleep well." He admitted. "It's not about anything. I just thought that was sweet and you might like to see it."
Dean had insisted on stopping at a late-night diner on the way home. After last night, he had asked Cas what he had eaten last and when, Cas had tentatively admitted that the last thing he had eaten was a ham and cheese sandwich at practice that afternoon.
"Who is this guy?" Adam asked in annoyance, looking for back-up from Ash and Benny. "I like you Dean, but you've been bringing some strange people to our group in the past few months."
"So, mechanical engineering?" Cas asked. "Is that some-thing you might consider after Sammy goes to college?"
"They're doing just fine." He peered at her over the rim of his mug. "You haven't said why you're here yet. You're not planning on arresting the kid are you?"
"Sounds like a plan to me." Cas nudged him back. "I like this too, you have a great family here Dean... I'd consider myself lucky to be apart of that."
"I have a question for you." Cass voice trailed from the living room, as Dean recognised the strumming of a guitar. "Are you deliberately trying to destroy this poor thing, or do you simply not know how to tune it?"
Dean stared after them, contemplating what Ellen had said. Cas had saved him. Kept him straight when no-one else could. He had never met some-one that Ellen couldn't straighten out and her defeated tone surprised him.
After Cas was gone, Dean spent the rest of the day cleaning up. Catching up on the household chores and washing that he hadn't gotten to throughout the week. With all the chores completed, beds stripped and re-made, and the last load of washing hung on the line, he found himself unable to sit still. Any other weekend and he would be sitting back with a beer, enjoying the clean house and feeling accomplished. But tonight, with Sammy gone and the house quiet, his attention was on the owner of the black jeans now drying on his line. He flopped on the couch and turned Netflix on to some random movie that came up in the suggestions bar, hoping to distract his brain for a few hours.
"If you’re going to make it as a band, isn't it more important to have a good knowledge of the music industry and connections in it than graduating with straight A's?" Dean asked shifting to lay back against Cass chest, in between his legs.
Cas groaned as he rolled his hips against him. “Condoms, Dean.” He growled in warning as Dean gazed his teeth over his shoulder.
After lunch, Bobby kicked them out of the shop, telling Dean to go show Cas his latest project in the shed behind the house. Dean beamed at the idea. He was happy to see that Cas could appreciate his Baby, he hadn't considered that he might be someone that would be interested in how he restored cars on the side, but after seeing how genuinely curious Cas was as they worked in the shop the idea of being able to share it with him filled him with joy. Dean explained his hobby of fixing up classic cars to Cas as they wandered down to the small two bay shed at the back of the property.
Benny stood with his hands buried in his pockets, staring out at the water under the moonlight. Castiel joined him there, his half empty beer hanging loosely at his side as he listened to the water lapping gently and the edges.
Balthazar congratulated them on another successful night as they packed away their instruments and asked about every-ones plans for the rest of the night.
"I didn't know what to expect." He answered honestly. "I was hoping for some-one that would understand me. Maybe some-one I could argue with without damaging our relationship. You turned out to be everything I didn't know I wanted in my life."
Dean went cold at the words, unsure what the hell he was supposed to do with that admission. "Well for what it's worth. The crowd and the panel agreed that soulmates were more beneficial than detrimental. The problem with the system, is people like you making it hard on every-one!"
"He seemed pretty pleased with you, from what I saw." Dean said alluding to the way they had re-joined the group.
"No. No, it's just that you need to know that I uh..." Deans eyes searched the kitchen as he figured out how to word it. "I... I've never been with a guy before." he admitted, going red.
Deans mind went blank, unable to think of anything but Cas inside him. It took another quiet question from the man before he could remember where he kept those things.
They pulled into an all-night diner after a long drawn out argument over the fact that Cas didn't watch TV shows. Or many movies, either, and Charlie refusing to accept his lack of knowledge on the subject. Castiel had tried to explain that he spent most of his spare time on music rather than television, but that only seemed to upset her more. Dean laughed at him when he gave up the argument as they claimed a booth next to the front window, switching the conversation to the soul-mark instead.
The anger in Bobby's face slipped into surprised wonder as he searched for signs of a lie between the two boys. Sam's face however, grew into a large smile, showing rows of pearly teeth, as he jumped of the chair and wrapped his arms around Deans waist.
Kevin let out a low whistle. "I don't think he's considered that yet." He said, laying back down with Charlie. "I'll warn you if she starts stirring."
"They were running a two for one special." Dean heard Cas answer smartly. "Get one soulmate and get a little brother free!"
"I'm a lot of things right now." Cas admitted, licking his lips as Dean eyes fell to his mouth, wishing to close the distance.
So this was Lisa, Cas thought watching the battle of wills between her and Dean. She was very similar to the popular girls he attended school with. Although her clothes were clearly sub-par by comparison and her skills with the make-up brushes were less refined. It was petty of him to judge her in this way, and he knew it, but as he watched them bicker, he didn't care. She didn't seem to care what Dean wanted, too interested in forcing her own desires upon him to consider his. Cas could have forgiven almost anything else. Two minutes was all it took for him to decided that she wasn't deserving of the devotion Dean showed her. But for Dean, he wouldn't be the one to mention it, he needed to see how harmful she was for himself.
"Okay. Can't argue with that." He said looking at Cas. "I have a little brother too... I'd probably be worse to be honest”.
The guy blinked at him slowly, the cocky smirk slipping from his face, as Charles eyed the symbol on his jacket. "You're from Madison Prep! That's why you look familiar!"
"What the devil are you talking about Cassy?" Balthazar piped in. "Who is Benny? and why would I talk to him?"
Those lucky ones who discovered their soulmates had something more added to their lives. Not all of them got married, some remained friends, keeping that connection there and enriching their lives on a daily basis. Those who didn't, failed to understand that deep connection, likening the concept of soulmates to a fairy tale told to give kids something to hope for.
Dean found them like that. Staring into the distance, side by side. Smoke dangling between Ash's fingers as Cas turned the cigarette pack over in his hands absentmindedly. Neither acknowledged his presence until he stepped in front of Cas running his hands down his arms and stilling his hands. Cas blinked, refocusing on the man in front of him. Dean spent the next few minutes apologising profusely for Ellen's inexplicable behaviour. Swearing that he had never seen her act like that before and had no idea what had come over her. Cas stowed the pack back in his pocket while he rambled. The more he spoke, the more annoyed Cas got. It wasn't his fault Ellen had acted that way. Ellen's problem was her own and no-one else's. Something Cas explained to him after bluntly telling him to shut it and listen.
Faith sent Kevin a calm look. "He really helped Jo out this morning and he was a perfect gentleman about it."
"Has any-one been home this week at all?" Dean asked in concern. Cas shook his head, arranging four coffees on the bench in front of him and cleaning down the machine. Dean placed a hand on his shoulder, turning him so they were facing each other. Cas looked at him in confusion, dropping the cloth on the bench. "You've been here alone for the past week? Have you even spoken to your parents?"
"Look, I know I reacted harshly, but I think I can forgive you for having a soulmate. With some rules in place, I think we could move past it."
Ash found Castiel leaning against the side of Harville's. Turning a pack of cigarettes' in his hands. Taking this as permission Ash pulled out one of his own and lit it up, as he weighed up what to do next. He leaned on the building beside Cas and held his smoke out as an offering.
"There you go Cas," Dean said nudging his shoulder as they walked inside, with Charles and Kevin falling in beside him. "You can tell your parents that your soulmate is a juvenile delinquent. How well do you think that will go down?"
Kevin didn't answer, settling for rolling his eyes and giving a short shake of his head. It was Faith that answered with an uncomfortable smile. "These two can fight over anything. It's mostly good natured, but I've seen them fight over the last piece of bacon, after it had been dropped on the floor so...?"
"You both know full well I've pulled later nights than this and still made it to work on time! I thought we could talk for a bit...." He began, unsure of how to word it. "About Ash."
If Cas had trouble accepting that he had actually met his soulmate that night, he had no trouble accepting it in the morning, when he woke to find Deans head on his shoulder and his arm and leg thrown over his own body. After recognising where he was and with who, Cas relaxed back into the bed, enjoying the way he and Dean had tangled together in their sleep. Unfortunately, nature called far too soon, Cas tried to slip out of his embrace without waking him only to be pulled back by a startled Dean, with blurry eyes and messy hair.
Ellen sat in silence looking between Ash and Dean clearly outnumbered in her dislike for this guy, while Bobby's eye's remained on Dean.
"I don't suppose you could try for something with less than 100 people next time?" He called to Balth over the screams of the crowd.
"Wanna learn?" Dean asked, studying the white oxford Cas still wore. "I promised Bobby I'd help him for a few hours. But I don't want to bore you."
"I don't have to be home tonight." Kevin said as Charlie attempted her puppy eyes on him. "As long as I let my parents know."
"Yeah, I know. But I still need to find out what's going on. At some point I'll have to go to school, if they haven't pulled me out."
Dean glared at him angrily, jabbing a finger in his direction. "Like I didn't catch you and Alfie in the Janitors closet last year!"
"Jesus." he said watching the blood pooling in his hands before dripping over him, Cas and the floor. "It didn't look that bad."
Dean passed him the phone in exchange for a mug. Cas wandered to the table with his own, claiming a seat and scrolling through the images. All of them were taken after Adams departure, with the group all smiling and laughing at different points. She had taken a few of him and Dean leaning towards each other as they spoke as well as a couple of him and Benny re-joining the group, Benny's arm around his shoulders as they spoke, what caught his attention was the offended look on Deans face as he watched them.
"Maybe not with the subject, but debates are always unpredictable and we don't know anything about our opposition. I'm going to get a coffee. Did you want anything?" He asked grabbing his bag and throwing it over his shoulder.
Maybe his response was excessive as he cut the call off, but he wasn't in the mood to deal with Gabe in mom mode, with less than five hours of sleep. What did bring a smile to his face was Deans fingers trailing up his chest and back down to his hip bones, teasing the sensitive skin there.
Sam hung up the phone. Quickly searching directions for the coffee shop Meg had mentioned. "We're not that far away. It's only about 10 from here."
Dean’s face flooded with relief.  "It's not that I'm not sure." He said moving to stand in front of him again, a small smile making its way to his face. "I just.... don't know exactly what I'm doing.... and I don't want to do anything wrong or risk upsetting you."
"Exactly. So being the nice woman I am," she smacked his arm when he laughed at that, "I try and cheer the kid up a bit by asking about the soulmate. Imagine my surprise when he mentions that his soulmates name is Dean Winchester. That's  a name I haven't heard in a very long time. Not just that, but Dean lives with his Uncle Bobby and little brother. How are the boys, Bobby?"
He pulled back slowly, hoping the breathing space would help him clear his head. The sight of Deans lust blown eyes trained on his mouth didn't do anything help him think. However, the sound of a car pulling up next to him did.
Cas teased his adams apple with his tongue and Dean didn't bother biting back the next moan as he squirmed.
Cas found his phone afterward, still in the pocket of his jeans, and was pleased to find only two text messages from his brother that morning rather than the continuous missed calls he had gotten yesterday. He shot off a quick reply stating that, yes, he was alive and, yes, he would be at practice later. While he was checking his phone, Dean had gone through and emptied the rest of his pockets, planning to throw their clothes in the machine straight away.
"What's wrong Cas? Are you feeling a little touch starved?" He teased, pressing his mouth to his neck briefly.
First day of the quarter meant that Mr B spent the lesson introducing their new topic. Shakespeare. Something Cas was more than familiar with already. Madison had liked to inject Shakespeare into as much of their curriculum as possible. Out of sheer boredom, Cas and his friends had made it their mission to dig up as much 'off the record' knowledge of the man as they could find. Every gay lover and subtle insult that had been published in his works. As their small defiance against the religious teachings of their school.
"You know full well they don't listen to me. I need you." he pleaded, stepping closer with his back to Dean.
"Don't look at your feet." Dean said quietly, holding his gaze. "Dancing is about getting in tune with your partner. You won't do that with your eyes on the ground. You look at me."
Dean sensing the moment was over, headed inside to start cleaning. Ash was still on the counter, not looking too concerned about moving just yet, while Cas stood beside him scrubbing his hands down in the sink.
"Point taken. But I've never even heard of their school before, they certainly weren't here last year."
Cas had expected them to present an argument for soulmate completing each other. The need to find your other half to experience something greater than the ordinary. He hadn't expected this. The smirk on Deans face told him that he knew they wouldn't consider that angle. For the first time on stage, Castiel hesitated. Taking a moment to consider the arguments before him before he started his own. His focus had been on presenting the many cases of people who had taken the words on their skin and changed their lives to try and force the meeting with their soulmate, looking at the reverberating damage these actions had caused to peoples lives. But standing there, seeing the flash of concern across Deans face, had him adjusting his argument.
He pondered how to find them as he walked into his next class. Heading straight for the teachers desk to complete the ritual of introducing himself and ignoring the rowdy class behind him. The teachers name was something long and complicated that he couldn't even pretend to pronounce. When he asked for clarification, he was told very simply that students just called him 'Mr B' or 'Sir', he didn't expect any students to be able to pronounce his name correctly. Unlike the other teachers who had sent him to find a seat quickly, this guy requested he wait while he looked up his transcripts on his laptop.
Dean had fantasized about being with another guy for years, but nothing prepared him for the shocks that ran through his system each time Cas used his mouth to kiss or suck at different places on his skin, each spot a little lower than the last. While his hands teased his sides, running under his body and kneading at his ass, and down his thighs. Slotting himself firmly between Deans legs as his mouth reached his cock. He lost himself in the feeling, fingers clenching in the doona as curses spilled from his lips matched only by low moans. A particularly sharp spike of pleasure had him arching up with a curse. Castiels rough chuckle helped in sink in that it wasn’t his mouth that produced that reaction, rather it was one of his long fingers probing at his entrance.
"There's more to life than money. As it stands you're already one up on them. They don't have soulmates, or any decent relationships for that matter." He added more quietly.
As the afternoon rolled, Bobby sent him to wash up, telling him to head over to the house and wait for Dean who should be home before long. Cas did as he was told, ignoring the request that he find some food, and heading straight for the coffee once he was in the house. Without the noise of the shop, and Bobby's swearing, he felt increasingly alone standing in the silent house. The longer he stood, coffee in hand, the more his mood fell again as the events of the last few days played through his head on loop.
Charlie and Kevin had fallen asleep early, curled up on the mattress on the floor, leaving Cas and Dean to watch the end of 'Game of shadows' on their own.
Besides, when Sammy spotted the writing on my arm, he made me promise to introduce him to you at the earliest opportunity. Basically told me that he wouldn't forgive me if I didn't."
"I told you I wouldn't lie to you." He said slowly. "But that's something I'm not ready to discuss Dean." He added seriously. "Can you accept that?"
Castiel looked disgusted at the thought. "Naked women with fake boobs. hmm... Not really my thing is it!"
Charlie and Kevin picked their heads up at this piece of information, watching them closely as the nudged each other, with excited smiles.
"Dump Hannah, ride your soulmate." Dean read between laughs. "If you don't want him, feel free to send him to me!"
"But I'll need my car to get home." Cas argued sternly. If Cas had been anything less than happy in his presence before the incident with Ash, then Dean would have accepted the refusal without comment, but he was sure that the change in Castiels mood was more than a simple desire to shake off his one (two) nightstand.
Dean straightened up at this, looking at Adam with a hard glint in his eye that Cas hadn't seen before. "If you have a problem with them Adam, feel free to explain it to us."
Cas gasped in shock as Kevin laughed at them. Dean chuckled, wondering how these nerds had become such good friends to him.
Dean grabbed hold of his arm, pulling him over gently until Cas was laying across his chest, he could feel his breath through his shirt as Cas chuckled. Dropping down to put his full weight on him, Cas slid his hand up his chest and nuzzled in closer, breathing in Deans scent with a smile.
Dean rolled his eyes and pulled him into line behind him. Kevin had joined them, and Cas watched as Charlie jumped into conversation with a table off girls behind them. When Kevin noticed his attention, he quietly let him know that this was normal. Cas didn't have to ask for anything, finding that Dean had taken control over his order and paid while his attention had been on the groups of students around the room.
"Sounds like Castiel would like to do more than that." Ellen said with equal parts of worry and annoyance.
"No. We agreed on this Dean! We both have our separate lives and I'm not going to upset your girlfriend by crashing at your place when she's there."
"You didn't tell me you played." Cas accused, picking up the bag and walking over to the bed, dropping it at his feet as he took the guitar gently from his hands.
"Take the compliment." Cas said, positioning his hand on the guitar. "Not many people can sing well."
"You're not going anywhere." Dean pointed at him as Lisa face fell. "I'm going to run Lisa home. Stay with him for me Sammy!"
"Look at it this way," came Deans voice, "if they send you to a public school, you'll actually be able to start a band."
"Yeah." he called loudly, turning to glare across the class. "I've had a bad week and I'm not in the mood to deal with -"
"I'm not saying that you're not flawed Dean." He chuckled. "But you're wrong about not being special. I couldn't find someone better for me, even if I knew what I was looking for."
"I would be willing to work on that in exchange for you staying away from her." Hannah pleaded casting a stern look at Sam. "We can work something out, we've been together long enough to try, haven't we?"
"No. You have to be very good to see me shirtless.." Cass said suggestively, sending a wink in Deans direction.
Cas shrugged pulling up a slow music playlist on Spotify. He usually went for rock, but Dean was the one deciding here. He dropped his phone next to the speaker as 'Chasing cars' began reverberating through the sound system.
"Oh, I'm getting dumped." Cas stated simply. "Balth wasn't kidding, she's a homophobe and utterly convinced that soulmates are the only person you're meant to be with and the moment you find them you're supposed to drop every one else in your life. She'll dump me when she hears the word soulmate. If she waits around long enough to hear that Deans a guy... Then she'll kill me."
"That would have more weight if you could stand without support." Meg laughed at him as he flipped her off.
"I told you to call me. You didn't. So I was checking to see if your still alive. Like the loving brother I am." He replied, sarcasm dripping of every word.
"What guy?" Asked her friend, a man with golden hair, who was laid back in his seat arm thrown casually over the back.
Cas stole the guitar, perching himself on the arm of the chair opposite Sam. He smiled as Sam began to tap his foot along to 'How to save a life' after a few bars. He even joined I singing quietly along with the words. His voice had neither the control nor the resonance of Deans, but he gave it a shot. Cas handed the guitar over to Sam when he was finished, sitting beside him and running through a few chords, making sure to adjust his fingers correctly.
Dean watched as the man chuckled at Bennys interruption, grinning at him over Deans shoulder and tipping his head at Benny in thanks. This had Dean scrubbing a hand across his face swallowing the embarrassment of these two laughing at him.
"What are the options?" Dean asked him, with cocky grin at his friends. Meg laughed at the look on Daniels face as he eyed Deans arm around Cas and Balth muttered into his coffee.
"I would hope so!" Cas stated checking his watch. "Come on. I'm going to cop an earful if I'm not in there soon."
"Just point me in the right direction Sammy." Dean said, ignoring the uncomfortable feeling that was settling in the pit of his stomach.
"I assume you mean Kevin this time." He said as he walked over to where Kevin was now leaning against the edge of his desk.
"No, no, no." Dean countered, leveling her with a glare of his own. "Cas was mine first! Find your own new kid."
Cas didn't come out to the bar during intermission that night. Ash's bandages were almost soaked through with blood thanks to the aggravation that came with beating the crap out of the drums for hours. He sent of a quick message to Dean to let him know and confirm that they were still on for later. He spent his break stemming the bleeding with ice before cleaning and re-dressing his hands. Ash seemed to find it all terribly amusing. Rambling on about how badass he must look to the crowd as the white bandages slowly turned red. While he didn't disagree on that he was still too concerned about his friend’s wellbeing to enjoy it in the same way. Honestly, he was more annoyed at the fact that he was the only one to stay behind with Ash. The rest of the group, Balthazar included, had disappeared into the bar early and had not returned until Cas was getting ready to track them down. Even more strange, they all came back at once looking way too calm to have been harassed into coming back. He decided that whatever they had been up too, could wait until later as they made their way back out on stage.
Dean looked at him softly, with uncertainty in his eyes. "I.. I don't want you to leave... not just yet..."
"Did you really come all the way over here to check up on me?" He grinned, as Cas removed his own tie and undid his top buttons for a more casual look.
"Don't put this on me Balth! You know full well our original argument wouldn't have stood a chance against theirs!" Cas glared at him, glancing at his watch. "I warned you not to underestimate our opponents, but you and Uriel were far too confident to consider a back up plan!"
"Balthazar was the one that drove you last night, right?" Dean clarified, trying to change the topic before Bobby decided to track his parents down and abuse them for neglecting their kid.
Ellen sighed, studying her coffee mug as she ponder what to say next. "I'm not sure you'll be going home yet. We've seized the property. Your parents lawyers will arrange for you to collect some of your things at some point."
"Dean" Cas said taking his hands and drawing him closer. "Like anything, it's about communication. If you want something, tell me. If your uncomfortable with something, tell me. We can figure out what works for us together."
"You haven't done anything wrong Cas. We're going to talk about this when I get home." Dean said gently squeezing his shoulder, before walking out of the house, leaving Sam and Cas watching as Lisa chased him out.
"Honestly, we've been arguing a lot lately. She eats up her families views about things and I've been challenging her to see things differently but... " he shrugged.
"Every-one here likes to hug huh." Cas commented as they walked back, Benny's arm still around him. "I don't think I've had this much physical contact with so many people in months."
Cas pushed him back, eyeing his own tented boxers as he settled into the middle of the bed, and climbed on top. Kissing him breathlessly and licking the taste of himself off Deans tongue. Dean moaned his name as he slipped his into the band of his boxers, bucking his hips as he teased him.
They threaded their way through the crowd, dodging the groups from other schools and picking up a few of their friends who had been in the crowd earlier. Condemning Cas to listen to Balthazar begin complaining bitterly about their loss.
"It's not, okay." Dean could hear the sigh that followed, but he wasn't sure which one it came from. "I had a bad night alright. But I didn't mean to do this. It was not intentional. Come on, you know when I'm lying Cassy."
Taken aback by the honesty of his words, Dean slung his arm around Cass shoulder, pulling him in to kiss his temple. "You're part of it now. What ever happens Cas, I'll be here for you."
"I hope so. He can be a handful at times. Sam's the good one, he keeps his head buried in the books, doesn't give me too much trouble. He riles Dean up at times though."
"You two are mean." Cas commented at Deans uncomfortable look. "Relax Dean. No-one is asking you to dump your girlfriend."
"You shouldn't have to choose." Cas pleaded quietly, dropping his head to look at his feet, as the guilt washed over him.
Cas grinned at her, ignoring Dean who had dropped his head onto the table at some point and was refusing to move while his shoulders still shook with laughter. Kevin looked between the three of them as he packed his books into his bag.
"I can't remember much," he hung his head in shame, "but some-one knocked over a candle or dropped a smoke or something and set the curtains on fire."
"Are you at least going to tell me which one of them stole your attention?" he asked, lifting his beer again.
About halfway through, he received a text from Benny asking what half-baked domestic plans he had for this fine Saturday night. Benny always gave him shit for not going out more now that Sammy was older. Dean had to admit, with Sam gone he had no excuses not to go out, and right now he didn't want to stay in. He shot of a text telling Benny he was free, if he had plans. Waiting for his reply, Deans head was filled with images of last night talking to Benny at the bar and watching Cas on stage. Bennys response was short and simple.
Sammy had just turned 14 when Dean had gotten their first place away from their, thanks to the support from Bobby and Ellen helping him gain custody of his brother.  Their Dad had been furious when Dean left. He had wanted him to stay and help him with whatever hair-brained scheme he had come up with to get rich quick. The problem was that there was a new idea every week that all required start-up cash and made next to zero returns each and every time. Dean had been working part-time since he was 12, struggling to make ends meet, as well as looking after Sammy while dear old Dad was out 'working'.
"I told you I haven't been laid in months!" Cas grinned. "She hasn't seen me without my shirt since it appeared."
Dean gave their order to the barista as Meg stepped aside, quickly paying as he kept one eye on the girl across the table from his soulmate.
He grabbed his bag and crossed over to where the girls were crouched, dropping down beside them. They both went silent, staring at him with open mouths, as he pulled open his bag. He pulled out several objects, holding them out to the girls with a meaningful look.
"I hate to break this up, but you really need to get dressed Dean. We have to be inside soon before Mr B loses his shit."
When the crowd settled, the moderator announced Madison Prep, introducing Uriel as the first speaker. Cas noticed that Dean watched the moderator with interest as Uriel stepped out. The next name to be called out was his own. Castiel Novak, second speaker. He stepped out of the wings, grinning as a cheer went up in the group of Madison students near the stage, he nodded politely to the panel as he took his seat beside Uriel. He caught Deans eye in time to see him mouth 'Novak' with a grin. He tried to suppress a laugh, as Dean wiggled his eyebrows at him while biting his pen, covering his mouth with his hand as Balthazar was announced. Balth being his pompous self, made a show of bowing to the audience before taking his seat.
"Charlie pulls up video footage of whatever team they face and forces them to study their opponents." Sam explained, as Cas lounged back in his chair glaring at Dean who kept his eyes resolutely on the table. "She looks for holes in their teams or strategies that they can use to their advantage when they plan their argument."
"Wait. Wait. Wait." Dean waved his hand between them. "You didn't say anything about Daniel being there!"
"Leave him alone Meg. Shit happens when you're drunk." He said glancing at Sam. "I'm not sure Cas is up to coming with us, kiddo."
"I think we need to figure out how this affects us from here. We both have girlfriends and people are going to expect us to get together, so, how do we deal with that?" Dean asked wheeling his tool box over and looking through it.
As they were setting up for a simple experiment, that Cas had done at least five times in the course of high school so far, he noticed one of the girls had frozen in place while her colour drained. She darted under the table for her bag as her friend watched with concern. The scene looked familiar to him. As he walked around his table to set up his own equipment he heard the girl discuss her problem as her friend joined her searching through their bags.
Dean grinned at him. "You're still riding home with me, yeah?" Cas nodded at him. "We can grab your gear and take it over to my place then. Unless you have other plans?"
"You'll be fine, Cas. Just be the quiet sarcastic shit you are with my friends, if you have any questions you can text me, and for the love of god figure out where you live! Send me the freaking address so I can see you again!"
Dean looked shocked, as he stared between the two. The best friend he'd always trusted, trying to brush it off and the man he cared for, not willing to lie about it. He ran his hand through his hair wondering what the fuck he had missed.
