H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕
Steve hums. “You’re right, though. I should’ve checked in with you first. I guess I just got in over my head, you know? I got too excited that we didn’t have to hide anymore. Aren’t you? Excited, I mean?”
“I’m not implying you are. I just want you to be...aware that he’s practically the
“Encourage me to do what? Your exes were shit. Victor included! Vision would have been great for you if only as a buffer—”
Steve squats on the floor with them and grabs the little blue car and a blue peg. Tony has a blue peg on his usual red car, while Tommy decides to change things up and grab a pink peg for his green car.
They can ask for an extra mattress in the morning, though he supposes the Wakandans will give him a whole bed if they ask.
you’ve been through the same. You knew what it was like. You’d talk me out of it.”
father—I didn’t know he was in a serious relationship at the time. We were both doing this science convention thing in LA, and I just...fell in love. Quite the whirlwind romance, if you will.”
I just thought… This was a good opportunity.
It is still dark outside when Tony comes to.
Tony murmurs more reassurances into this ear. “Let it out.”
Steve shrugs. “He wasn’t wrong, though.”
“But...uh. Do me a favor. Promise me one thing.” Tony leans toward Noh-Varr with a raised eyebrow. “Promise me that you and Tommy will take care of each other. You communicate, you make compromises. Okay? That’s all I ask.”
“Okay,” Steve says to Peter. “But I have to hold your hands because we don’t wanna give you a booboo. Do we, Dad?”
“Why would I hate you?”
“Can I grate the potatoes, Pop-pop?” Peter asks, reaching for the instrument in Steve’s hand.
It’s the same man from yesterday, the one with the intrusive questions.
It's fine.
“No? I don’t think so. Do you think it’s the serum?”
Steve turns to wrap both arms around Tony. “Yeah, I should’ve known that. I’m sorry. I just really wanted to come home—”
“Eh, he’s not so little,” Tony says under his breath.
Not you.
“A cross-country road trip.” Steve perks up at the idea. “On my motorcycle?”
Why should I?
“It’s bedtime, Rhodeybear,” Tony says. “Let’s get you to bed.”
Gee, thanks.
D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘
The least we can do is follow through with it.
"Except Captain America."
Are you just gonna sit there and chew?
"It's fine, you don't have to." Tony stretches his legs and practically hears his knees creaking. They lie together, still, for a couple of minutes. If Tony couldn’t feel Steve’s eyelashes fluttering on the back of his neck, making the hair there stand up, he’d have thought that Steve fell back asleep.
“It’s not, okay? Drop it.”
“Could have.”
Peter nods into his chest.
"Tony, you don't have to do this alone."
“Turns out, his fiancee was worse than Lisa. No wonder he was so quick to take up any and all offers. I took care of him when his fiancee couldn’t.
is that even a question? She sent you to the hospital,
“Thank you.”
“But it’s not the worst thing in the world.”
“Dad? I’m coming in—I’m—” Tony can hear the sound of keys jingling.
Nice to see you too, Tony.
“JARVIS,” Tony warns. “What do you know?”
Thanks.
“It’s not about the ice,” he whispers, unsure if it’s meant only for himself, or for Tony to hear as well. “The ice isn’t…”
to California, I would have. I would have sent her again and again to jail if I could. If you
Billy scowls. “No, you don’t.”
Bucky crosses the distance between the dining table and the refrigerator in three long strides. He opens the fridge, takes the carton of milk, and chugs all of its contents in one go. He burps. Pats his stomach. Burps again. “How was your nap, Prof?”
You’re a dick.
The tears fall and Tony rolls his eyes, feeling ridiculous, not because he has resorted to crying, but because Steve’s effect on him hasn’t waned despite the tumultuous year they’ve had.
Tony nods.
Laughter erupts.
“Indeed.” Noh-Varr rests his elbow on the table then rests his cheek on his palm. “Familiarity...breeds inaction,” he mutters.
Tony immediately tells him that Noh-Varr and Teddy are out to get some bagels.
It’s just a face mask, right?
Tommy keeps quiet, but Tony understands him well enough. He gives Tony a kiss on the cheek and murmurs a quick ‘I love you’ then heads to his brother and gives him a longer kiss, locking Billy in place with arms around his shoulders.
Right, sorry.
"It's okay, Tony. I see where Peter is coming from. Thank him for me, would you?"
“Good evening, Colonel Rhodes.”
H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆
Just do it.
Tony scrolls through a list of gadgets and suits he needs to modify for the team. Peter’s suit is in bold letters with a lot of exclamation points. Tony settles to start with that.
Steve takes a peek at Peter through the rearview mirror and he finds himself agreeing. “Tomorrow,” he says to himself. “Tomorrow will be better.”
Steve is huddled up beside him, arms over Tony’s chest and nose nuzzled into his neck. He counts Steve’s breaths: one, two, three.
Good idea.
“Will you stop it with the haunted road?”
“Why’d you stop?” Teddy asks. He himself is finished with his pancakes. He slices up his eggs in half and sprinkles a little bit of salt over them.
touch it.
Steve only laughs.
“Take as long as you need,” his dad had said and had always told him and his brother time and time again.
Uncle Pietro? What? How? When—”
Oh, you can do that, FRIDAY?
,” Steve adds.
Not yet.
“Hm.”
“No, Peter.”
I need to go to the bathroom, Sam.
“Huh. Asshole,” Steve grumbles.
Oh, God. We have to take it off.
Steve kisses him chastely on the lips.
Tony relents, bringing his face closer to Steve. He blows air directly at Steve’s nose.
. But he went straight back to his fiancee anyway.
“Um, Coney Island?”
much. We're all here now. Or did you still want
Isn’t that how you’d usually keep a record of things anyway?
“Do you understand that this is not for you?” Erik had asked Tony as he had opened the door.
“Keys on the long table. And bring me water!” he shouts at the door. With a gentler demeanour, he looks back at his dad, saying, “hey, Dad. Hi. Remember what you always tell me? Whenever I had my panic attacks? C’mon now, find me five things you can see. Hey, can you do that?”
“Oh, uh, hi Natasha. Mind if I come in? I need some advice.”
“Well, my hunky love bug, I’m taking you on a
“Mmhmm.” Steve offered, seemingly more interested in shoveling food in his face than answering his friend’s questions.
“I’m really glad we did this, I’ve missed you lately,” Natasha spoke, moving to rest her head on Steve’s chest where they lay on the floor.
“I did this for us,” Tony replied, proud of his cheesy banter. “And I didn’t tell you that you were allowed to take off the blindf—”
“Is this a joke?” Tony asked, still in shock.
A few days into it all, though, Tony just felt tired. Pretending to have your shit together was a lot harder than it seemed, especially when you had to be convincing. All he wanted, come closing on Thursday night, was to walk into the closest bar and drink until nothing mattered anymore. He knew that wasn't the best way to deal with everything but for now, it’d suffice.
Fury narrowed his eye, before closing it and taking a deep breath. Once he let it out, he turned towards one of the men sitting with Natasha. “Barton, you’re up. Need you to come with me so you can help Steve get started on whatever needs doing before the school year starts.”
“Look, it would mean a lot to me and everyone else if you came out with us tonight. Thor’s never been to a Midgardian bar and once Clint heard that, he decided we should have a team bonding night where we all get shwasted.”
“Keep telling yourself that buddy,” Rhodey replied with a smug smile, “anyway you need to figure that situation out because I'm not about to sit here and watch you line after somebody, like a 15 year old.”
As he rode up the elevator to Steve’s floor, the nerves finally hit. Tony had been operating off of alcohol induced courage for some part of the night, but the more he sobered up the more he questioned his actions. The second the elevator doors opened, a scent wafted towards Tony immediately grabbing all of his attention. The scent was heavy, yet somehow sweet. The alpha had no clue what he was smelling, but he knew he needed to get to whatever it was, fast.
Tony thought back to the last time he was on this couch with mixed feelings. He’d be lying if he said he hadn’t enjoyed himself but the memory of Steve kicking him out still stung. A lot.
“Being a sex noob?”
Tony loosened his grip, letting Rumlow crumble to the floor. When he turned his eyes to Steve, the omega let out a small whimper. “Let’s go, the Uber will be here any minute,” Tony placed his hand on the small of Steve’s back, ushering him out of the club without so much as a second glance back to the man he’d left in a heap on the ground.
The next day, Tony stopped by the school to grab some items to grade over the weekend. While in his classroom, Natasha stopped by.
“Tony...are you ok?” Rhodey asked, still keeping his hand on the man’s back.
“Oh fuck,” Tony hissed. “There’s a chance that I just fell in love with you all over again.”
And wasn't that something, Tony thought. Discovering a new kink at his age. In reality, nothing about this should have surprised him; he’d always liked to put his name on his things. Tony just never thought one of those “things” would be Steve Rogers. That was a fact that would probably always shock the hell out of Tony: that Steve was
Everything in him wanted to inquire further about this, but Steve gave in. He was always worrying about things, but for once he wanted to just sit back and enjoy the madness that came a long with Tony.
“You don’t just get to come into my home, uninvited, and demand that I talk to you.”
“Alright well, I don’t want to get in your way, so I can just sit back and watch you—”
“First of all, I need you to stop calling me that. Second, you know damn well that I’m talking about. You going to Olive Garden close to every day.”
“Enough!” Howard yelled, slamming his hand against the wall. “What do you want?”
“I don’t!”
“All it takes is some detailed searching to find out about who you are, or rather, who your family is. You and Steve apparently hated each other a year ago, and now he’s pregnant with your baby. That doesn’t seem a little suspect to you at all?”
The whole world stops.
"Not really," Steve replies sheepishly.
Steve chuckles. “I’m sure she would.”
“So? So...so, I have to see if this guy is good for him or not.”
“I’ve practiced,” Steve says, pride swelling in his voice. “Kind of. I wrote down an outline.”
After getting his coffee, Steve searches for a place to sit. He approaches a table occupied by several women on their phones. He leans down to talk to them, then takes the free seat. It isn’t until Steve is finally seated that he sees Billy and Teddy. He sits up straight, and gives them a small wave.
Partners had been sparse after his marriage ended—his sons’ ex-stepdad (try saying that ten times, because Tony refuses to say his name) hadn’t left a good taste in Tony’s mouth, and it had lingered, no matter what Tony had done to wash it off his tongue. When partners had sprung up, and they had, Tony had kept his bed half-empty, much to their chagrin.
"Um." Steve scratches the back of his neck. "Will you marry me?"
“Or pushed.” Tommy makes his way in front of Steve and reaches out a hand almost exactly the same way Billy did. “I’m Tommy.”
It’s not that it hadn’t occurred to him how Teddy and Steve are basically built the same way: blond hair, blue eyes—
For a second there, I thought you were about to admire my perfect skin.
“I’m not perfect, either, Tommy. You can’t blame it all on them—”
Tony settles on the floor instead of the mattress. His breathing speeds up. His grasp on Tommy’s wrist tightens and tightens.
“Standing by the playground, holding… Peter? Where’s Pe—”
It’s Steve.
Steve pauses. "Excuse me?"
“So how can you just not
“Colder than I’m used to.”
“They know we’re meeting today.”
Tony opens the door.
I know I keep blabbering about how the suit and I are one, but…
“I am. But I’m also scared.”
Steve laughs.
But Tommy doesn’t let him speak. After two quick and long strides, he’s in this man’s space and he places a soft kiss on his lips. Neither of them move, neither of them really do much of anything except touch lips. But Noh-Varr breathes Tommy in just the same as he usually does, and Tommy could feel himself smile.
Tony covers his face with his free hand. "God, one of the happiest days of my life, I swear," he says, grinning.
“I think I need some mildly polluted New York air.”
Don’t.
Steve shakes his head, chuckling. "We just pulled out shirts without really paying any attention because we wanted to go back to searching for you. If we'd been any faster, we would've missed the boy tucked into the corner of our closet, hidden behind hangers. You had been sleeping, and you had on one of your dad's shirts and you were hugging my sweater so tightly."
“I want to be a superhero so I can protect you—”
“Because...”
The day resumes normally, with everyone else none the wiser. The medical professionals do their jobs just so and the Avengers come in one by one to talk to both Peter and Tony, though in Pietro’s case, Vision phases in through the south wall as the young speedster places another vase of flowers on the table by the TV, and a light-hearted argument erupts between the two of them.
Steve rests a hand on Tony’s cheek. “You are loved by so many of us, Tony.”
“Pete?” Steve sets his phone down, alarmed.
And I don’t, Buck.
“Ma always said I was born in the States.”
“Does he treat you well?” Billy asks.
"Peter?" Tony asks. "You won't take up the offer?"
"How do you mean?" Tony asks.
Tony doesn’t need to be babied. Tony can brush his own teeth.
Billy tries to push him away, feigning grossed out groans and protests.
One of the first things that Billy learns about his dad—and really
They remain like that for a long while, standing in the middle of Steve's room, limbs entwined, crying and sobbing into each other's hair. They don't let go until Tony feels the sweat on Peter's back and the sweat on his chest soaking their shirts together. He pulls his tongue out in mild disgust, and sends them off to change.
“I wanted to blame you for Wanda’s death. Which was stupid, because logically that isn’t true. But there was nothing logical about you continuing your relationship with Victor even after everything. All those lies and the bullshit. Victor played with the both of you without a sweat, and instead of running away, you kept at it. My mother just got lucky she died before shit got worse.”
“Oh, right,” Steve says as he grabs something from behind him and hands it to Tony. “Merry Christmas.”
Your kid will be taken care of.
Sorry, this just makes me feel like I’m being questioned by the police.
“But, the truth is, Pete...” Tony smiles, small and fond. He looks off to the side. “I think I’ve fallen in love again.”
Yeah… and how long did they keep the masks on?
“Barton.” Steve looks up at Billy. “Oh right, you’re friends with Kate.”
Tony sighs. "Alright, Mr. Storyteller. Is this the new career path you're taking?"
The first time he truly felt deserving of his sons.
“Immature, yeah. But I still can’t let that behavior go.”
“No, Tommy, he’s—”
“I’m pretty sure a dude made of Vibranium or a young speedster can do a better job carrying me back to my room than an old dad who’s about to leave his estranged husband with his comatosed son.”
The car’s soft purr is disturbed by a bounce, a small bump in the road. The back of his seat is reclined, no doubt to accommodate his state. His seatbelt is buckled and his hands are relaxed on either side of him. A blanket is draped over his legs. They’re warmer than the rest of his body.
Steve hums. "I was a little worried how you got there, and a little worried about what JARVIS considered to be safe, because the top of the closet is a few feet away from the floor."
“I’m reminding you that we don’t need to move too fast, that I’m not asking you to.”
A beat passes. “It’s my parents’ hometown,” he reasons.
“I don’t
Tommy holds onto Tony’s wrist and looks at him in earnest, hoping that that one look would translate everything Tommy can’t say. “Dad, let him come up.”
We can do this.
I just need something that can replace writing.
The boys had preferred the open space. There had been something about just letting the light shine through the common areas that had helped elevate their then state of being. Not to mention, it had been easier on Tony being a newly single parent; one look over the kitchen counters and he had been able to spot them doing homework or playing video games.
Sam had reached out the night before to apologize again for the way he and Bucky had ganged up on Steve about his crush. After accepting the apology, Steve couldn’t seem to stop himself from gushing about Tony. Sam, bless him, tried to be supportive, but he couldn’t give his well wishes without also giving a word of caution. “Just don’t get too ahead of yourself, man. I don’t want to see you get hurt again,” Sam had said before wishing Steve luck.
“It’s just... you and Mr. Stark are the best. We’ve all really loved having you both coach the team and we don’t want you guys to break up because of us.”
Steve knew that this was just how his friends were, and deep down he felt bad for snapping the way he had. When it came to Tony, Steve just didn’t want anyone getting the wrong idea, or spreading any misinformation that could come back to bite either of them in the ass. Tony was famous and the last thing he needed was the PR nightmare that came along with rumors of a workplace affair. Not to mention the fact that the school probably wouldn’t look too fondly on such rumors either. Steve just pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed.
“Yes, angel?”
“Ok, go ahead and finish your story,” she prompted in an effort to keep Tony from staying stuck on that fact for too long.
“Tony… you don’t just ‘pull some strings’ to have someone reserve the whole aquarium for you. How did you get them to let us do this?” Steve asked, warily following Tony inside. The brunet just stopped in his tracks, turned and placed both hands on Steve’s shoulders. “Babe, I need you to trust me, but I also need you to not worry. This is my surprise to you for today so just relax and enjoy it, okay?”
“Alright, so you wait here,” Steve began, moving Tony to the couch in his living room, “and I’ll go get all of Mason’s new things.”
“I wasn't...there wasn't any gratuitous flirting,” Tony tried to defend himself.
you that I’m keeping you company this weekend.”
Tony looked down at the smaller man and smiled to himself. He moved slowly to reach for the remote, figuring he could watch a show until the smaller man awake. As an episode of
Coraline nodded and Steve took her in his arms, spinning her around. “Who’s my big girl? You! You! You!” He repeated, smothering her with kisses.
“No, please don't apologize, I asked how things were going because I genuinely wanted to know,” Tony assured. “It's nice getting to hear about companies other than my own.”
“Good to see you, Barnes. Hope the arm’s still treating you well?” Tony asked with a hint of concern.
“Oh, well there’s an opening for a new P.E. teacher at the school where I work. If you’d like, I can get some of the info over to you and put in a good word,” Natasha offered.
As stressful as things had been, Steve really was starting to enjoy his new job and friends. He had no idea what the school year would have in store for him, but part of him was looking forward to that challenge.
Steve woke up the next day feeling conflicted. He was all too pleased that his friends liked Tony, but something had been nagging at him. When he’d first told Natasha about his feelings for Tony, she’d told him to talk to Bucky about this. For the life of him, Steve couldn't figure out why she had told him to do so, but he figured now might be a good time to figure it out.
Though they weren’t able to keep up with their lunches, they’d been texting each other just as much, if not more, which gave Tony some peace of mind. But it seemed as though every text from Steve automatically brought the brunet back to those few days they spent together before Christmas.
Tony barked out a laugh as Steve shuffled to find a position where both he and Cora could be seen on screen.
Steve smiled to himself at the story, feeling a sense of relief at having told Bucky about his feelings, and happiness at the fact that his friends approved of Tony.
Steve closed his eyes and gave a small nod, almost as if to encourage himself to continue. “Did you mean it when you said you were going to fuck me? Because I would like if you did...that...if you would fuck me…”
“Love you,” Tony slurred.
“I’m working at Nat’s bar after work at the magazine during the week. It’s something totally different than I’m used to but it’s so much fun! I’ve gotten to meet some really great people.”
“Anyway, as Clint was saying, we’d like you to be a chaperone,” Natasha stated. “All you have to do is give up your Saturday evening to hang out and make sure a bunch of high school kids don’t get up to anything crazy. Also you get to stand around, drinking punch and listening to music.”
“I wanna help, I wanna heeeeelp!” Cora yelled in excitement. Steve just turned to give her a small smile.
“Oh my goodness, nugget. You’re so big! When did you get so big? Daddy’s making you eat your veggies, isn’t he?” Tony gushed as he took her in his arms.
“And why is that?” Bucky snapped.
“Okay, uh, there are stairs,” Tony admitted, bringing Steve to the bottom of them. “But we got this, right?”
Tony tuned out, so as to not eavesdrop, but to also let everything sink in. He had made a colossal mistake, one that he wasn’t sure if he could fix, but Bruce’s words gave him hope that his relationship could be repaired. The alpha, turned his attention back to his friend, once he saw Bruce stand to leave hurriedly.
“You know, you guys aren’t my parents. I don’t need you to vet every person I decide to befriend.”
A few minutes passed before the alpha got the courage to ask what had been on his mind since Steve had woken up.
“What ‘that’? There’s no ‘that’.” Tony rushed to correct him.
“You’re rich.”
! Why would you even think that?”
“I need you to know that I want nothing more than to just unload the cluster fuck of a family history I have on you, but I can’t right now. All I ask is that you give me a little more time, but I promise I’ll tell you anything and everything, I just… need more time.”
“His name?” Rhodey repeated, seemingly confused.
“Only a little,” Steve said, helping Tony pull his shirt the rest of the way off. “But I like it. It’s you.”
“Whose idea was it to wait until the
“Yeah, I have a workshop in my basement,” Tony offered, nonchalant.
“Well, I’m going to get the other girls together on Sunday and we’re going to take you to brunch and then plan for your nursery. It’ll be a chance for all of us to get together and have some fun!”
"You know damn well there isn't a single person standing here that would let some shitty rule keep us from our best friends and their brand new baby," Carol explained.
“Do that again,” he panted. Tony grinned.
“We need to talk...now.”
“I am suggesting that you give him a chance to let loose while keeping an eye on him so he does not go overboard. But simply put, yes. I am telling you to get him drunk.”
It seemed as if time stopped at that moment. All Tony wanted was to hear something, anything, from his friends. Yet, minute after painful minute went by with nothing but silence filling the air.
“Soon enough,” Tony replied, before taking the first bite of his quiche.
Tony Stark all night and hadn't even known it. Suddenly, at that realization, Steve jumped to his feet to find the small folder with Tony’s payment.
He sat down looking between the two of them for some type of indication as to what was going on.
“You guys should go together! That’s what my friends and I do when we’re all going to the same event; we just make plans to go together!”
“That can’t be right, I booked the rooms two weeks ago, I spoke with Brooke, the hotel manager, she assured me that everything would be taken care of,” Tony said, more confused than annoyed.
It was only a matter of seconds before Steve felt Tony’s lips on his own. Initially, his intentions were innocent, all he wanted was to just kiss Tony for a moment or two, but before he knew it, Steve had lifted the brunet into his lap, hands resting on his hips, as he deepened the kiss. To have the weight of Tony’s body on him felt amazing, and Steve wanted nothing more than to take as much as Tony was willing to give.
“No, don’t ‘
The next thing Tony knew, he was in a crushing hug with the little girl. “Tank you, Ony,” she whispered. “Tank you fer comin’ back.”
“Alright, well then if that’s not it, what is it?”
He tried his best to adhere to her advice, but Tony just couldn’t find a way to slow his breathing. Rhodey came back with the water, and after putting the glass on the table, he began to rub his hand up and down the alpha’s back. He closed his eyes then, and focused solely on getting his breathing under control. After a few minutes Tony was able to get a handle on things and his panic attack subsided. He reached a shaky hand out to grab the glass of water and took a huge gulp of it, as his friends looked on.
“Sir, your visitor is here,” JARVIS announced through the room.
“You said you’d tell me if I wanted to know.”
“Absolutely, sir, one second please,” the girl said, typing in some information. It only took a minute for the look on her face to go from seemingly happy to confused. She continued typing, the crease in her brow deepening as she frowned. “Mr. Stark, sir, I am so very sorry. I see here that you’ve reserved two suites, but we only have one suite available.”
Tony sat there silently thinking about the question he was asked and how exactly to answer it.
“Nemo is judging us.”
“Listen, you need to be less paranoid, alright? Tony’s arrogant, cocky and a pain in the ass, but he wouldn’t invite you to this party just to enact some elaborate scheme to embarrass you.”
“Well, thanks. I decided to make one of your favorites: Beef Wellington with risotto and green beans almondine. I'm sure it won't be anything like what your cooks used to make, but I’d say this turned out pretty well.”
“Seriously, Steve, you becoming friends with Tony is probably the best thing that’s happened to us!” Sam spoke, excitedly.
“Hey, just checking to make sure you’re alright...looks like you’d fallen asleep in there,” the man said.
“Now that we’ve got food, will you tell us what’s wrong?” Rhodey asked, returning to his seat.
“Tony, I’m at work. I can’t really help you right now...’
The two of them looked at one another in silence for a solid minute before Tony rolled his eyes. “It means he
“Of course I did. So the least you can do is drink with me and we’ll drown our sorrows together.”
Tony smiled, devilishly, as he moved to bring the fabric to Steve’s face.
Tony stopped pacing and looked toward his closed office door. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, trying to collect himself while also reminding himself that he could do this. Once he felt ready he gave a nod. “Okay, J. Let him in.”
Steve could hear the smile in her voice and wanted to throw the biggest tantrum, but just kept his eyes shut for the remainder of the ride. When he felt the car come to a stop, he opened his eyes to see that they were back at his apartment. He exited the car, not even pretending to give the bag of...objects, a second thought. Natasha followed him to his front door and the second he stepped inside, he felt a finger tapping his shoulder. Steve turned to see the redhead holding out the black plastic bag.
Steve did one last cursory look before taking out his phone to check the time: 1:05. He was to meet Tony at the Brooklyn Bridge Park in 25 minutes, so he needed to get going if he wanted to make it there a little early. As he walked, Steve tried to calm his nerves by reminding himself that he was just going to spend the afternoon with his friend, same as he would with any other friend.
“What’s going on?” She asked, joining the three of them behind the bar.
“I um… wasn’t sure when would be the best time to give this to you, but Cora insisted that I give it to you so you have it for your trip.” Steve fished a small box from his jacket pocket and handed it to Tony. He watched carefully as the brunet opened his gift and smiled once Tony barked out a laugh at what he saw. It was a misshapen mound of hardened clay attached to a thin ribbon.
“Look, I have a lot of feelings about what’s going on with you, some of which you aren’t going to like or want to hear. But you need to know that you’re not alone in this. You’ve got me, you’ve got Natasha, and you’ve got Sam. I know it’s not really the same in this kind of situation, but we’re all here to help you whenever you need it.”
“I assumed just as much, but you really shouldn’t waste your breath. There’s nothing you could say that hasn’t already been said on the matter,” Tony replied, looking through the menu on the table.
“Tony...you haven't left the penthouse in three weeks. There are people out there who think you’re dead and SI just hasn't managed to figure out how to break the news to the outlets.”
"No, it's just I went to the store to buy something for dinner and...I had a super intense craving for fruit."
Steve physically flinched at Pepper’s last few words. She laid it out so plainly; that Tony accused him so easily not because he didn’t trust Steve, but because he didn’t know how to accept the fact that someone could love him without any strings attached. Steve’s heart hurt for all that Tony must have gone through to think so little of himself and what he deserved from the world around him.
“Never had time to learn growing up.”
“Bucky, would you quit it?” Natasha nudged him.
“Tony I...I am so sorry I didn't mean to fall asleep on you,” Steve offered.
“Why? I mean, Nat told me you scored the highest out of anyone else in your certification course. You seem to know your shit inside and out, so really, you’ll be fine.”
“No need to thank me,” Tony said, waving off Steve’s words as he stood to make himself a cup of coffee. “I'm always up for a detour to save my favorite damsel in distress on my way to get lunch,” he said, holding up his mug to emphasize that that was ‘lunch’.
“Tony asked me on a date.”
Steve hadn’t thought much about the fact that the subject matter at hand was pretty personal, but upon hearing Bucky’s suggestion, he agreed. He moved to take a seat on the couch, hoping the taller man would do the same.
“Yes...no? I don’t know! I’ve been trying to avoid putting much thought into anything I’ve been feeling other than the fact that I genuinely enjoy being in Tony’s company.”
Peter nodded, considering Steve’s words but ultimately gave a small smile. “Okay, good. You and Mr. Stark are everyone’s favorite couple so the rest of the team will be glad to hear this. Plus, we’re all excited to have you back as our assistant coach next season!”
“What?” Tony asked, praying that he heard her wrong.
“Well...it happened last night while we were texting--”
Tony excused himself out into the hallway. “Hello, father,” Tony answered coolly.
“Figured you’d need these after the night we had,” Sam said, handing over his offerings.
Tony told himself that there was nothing wrong with his plan, after all, he was never insistent on sitting in Steve’s section. That obviously made it a coincidence that Steve was working literally every time Tony set foot in the restaurant.
Steve just sat at the dining table, pinching the bridge of his nose. Cora had been absolutely horrid all day, throwing tantrum after tantrum. They had to leave the grocery store without any of their items after Cora broke a few jars while flailing and screaming about wanting a toy. Steve was trying his hardest to be as patient as he could, but he was steadily reaching the end of his rope.
Tony let out a huge breath once he was alone. He was blessedly, finally rid of Tiberius Stone, and though it felt good knowing he was free of that asshole, that realization only brought on a heavier one with it. Now that he’d fixed the AI issue, he had to work on sorting things out with Steve. Tony silently wished he had a failsafe for this monumental fuck up, as he settled into his desk chair, gearing up for a long night of figuring out how to fix the mess he had caused.
bad!” Clint said, with a slightly disgusted look on his face.
Steve chuckled at Tony’s ridiculousness. Though it seemed like a daunting task, he was beyond excited to celebrate Halloween with Cora this year. It was the first year that they were taking her out trick-or-treating.
, all the while, avoiding any serious conversations. Steve truly would have been grateful for the evening he’d had, if not for the memory of why his friends had come over in the first place.
“Oh, honey.”
“I’d rather the end of my trip be right now, but it looks like neither of us are going to have what we want,” Tony offered, noting the twitch in his father’s jaw that indicated he was very annoyed.
Cora sniffled. “‘M sowwie.”
Once that day came, Steve and Tony were anxious, to say the least, but excited for their family to finally be whole. Placing her in her carseat was quite possibly the most nerve wracking thing, the pair of them taking turns in wondering if they had set everything up right, if she was comfortable, if a meteor would fall from the sky and strike their car on the ride home. Thankfully, none of their fears came to fruition, as they had quite possibly the most calm New York drive of their life.
as he glided around the kitchen, getting everything in order. It was Christmas morning, his very first Christmas as Tony’s boyfriend, and he wanted to make sure he gave the man he loved so much reason to finally love the holiday too.
Steve said, narrowing his eyes.
Steve gave a small smile, still a little groggy, but managed get out the one thing he’d been wanting to say for months now. He looked into the eyes of the brunet and struggled to whisper.
Steve shook his head, feeling himself pout harder than he had in his adult life. The alpha barked out a full laugh this time, but shook his head with a smile on his face.
“What?” The blond asked, leaning on the door frame.
“I love it,” Tony whispered more to himself than anything else. It took a moment for him to sort out the wealth of emotion that he was feeling, but once he did, Tony looked up at Steve. “I absolutely love it, and I love you.”
Steve sat in the waiting room looking down at his phone once more to see that it in fact was 8:30 am. He had called tony three times, and sent half a dozen texts with no response. He wanted to think that something was wrong, that Tony was hurt or that there had been an accident and that was why he wasn’t responding. However, there was a voice inside his head, screaming that he knew this would happen. This was Tony’s way of letting the omega know that he changed his mind and wasn’t interested in helping him raise their baby. That thought hurt more than anything, but Steve didn’t have the time to process it before he was being called into the doctor’s office.
Steve squared his shoulders and lifted his chin. “I don’t know much about robotics, but every team needs someone who’s good at assessing strategies, no matter what game that team is playing.”
All Steve could do was nod for her to continue.
“And our lives together, starting now.” Tony clinked his glass against Steve’s before taking a long swallow. Steve sipped less eagerly, watching Tony intently. “I’m okay, honey. Really. How’d you get this, anyway?”
“I mean, you just did with that weak deflecting technique,” Peter quipped. “Mr. Stark is my favorite teacher, with you as a very close second, obviously. But since I care what he thinks I also care what his best friend thinks, so I’m nervous about Mr. Rhodes liking me.”
“I’m just excited for you all to finally get to meet Tony and spend time with him!”
“What?” Steve asked, slightly horrified.
“Oh, honey, you’re the definition of a hot mess,” the alpha responded.
His friends seemed to find that acceptable enough, and continued on with a different conversation. Everyone fell silent, though as they pulled up to Tony’s mansion.
“Excuse you?”
“Oh, okay. Did someone else leave it here?” Steve questioned in a small voice.
“I love you, ma.”
that makes you likeable.”
As Steve began to clean up his supplies, he felt a tugging at the bottom of his shirt. He turned slowly to see Cora offering him a piece of paper.
“If that’s what you have to tell yourself to get through all of this then by all means, keep telling yourself that.”
That got his friend’s attention. Both sat down at the table with him, waiting for him to continue. When Tony didn’t say anything further, Rhodey sighed and stood to dish out lunch for both himself and Pepper.
Tony continued to watch as the DeWitt team won their heat, securing a spot as one of the two final teams. Tony willed himself to push his concerns to the back of his mind as his team set up for their heat. While he was coaching, Tony always got into a zone where all he focused on was the game. It usually felt somewhat relaxing, to know that he could just tune everything else out and put all of his energy into this. But now, he felt this strange thing itching at some part of his brain, clawing and fighting for his attention. Tony didn’t want to ask the question, he didn’t want to acknowledge this fear that he had, because the implications would be horrendous.
Tony had tried to convince Steve to pick their date--he wanted to avoid the whole ‘picking a place that was too expensive’ thing--but Steve was insistent on their date being Tony’s choice. He wanted the brunet to set the pace, and for him to feel as comfortable as possible wherever they went. The list of places that Tony truly wanted to go where Steve wouldn’t be worried about money, was short, though it was almost a no brainer for him.
“Well, after I told him all that, he said he was fully aware that if he was up to anything, dealing with your wrath would be worse than anything anyone else had to offer. I knew after that that he was an alright guy.”
When Tony finally stepped out of his head again, he realized that Steve had been staring at him, worried. “Honestly, honey, I’m fine. It’s fine. Let’s just get through this, then we’ll talk.” It was another moment before Steve simply nodded and went back to his work. It wasn’t much of a consolation, but Tony felt a slight weight lifted off his shoulders, knowing that he had at least a few more hours to sort everything out.
Woah, okay. So here we are, chapter one! Please don't expect all of the chapters to be this long. We'd love to make them that way, but there's no way we'd be able to stay on schedule ^^;
Tony started up the car and drove in silence. Part of him knew that he’d get called out on it eventually, but he’d also just hoped that his friends would pity him enough not to bring it up.
“Yeah yeah, I love you too Stevie, now go!”
Something about the atmosphere in the car changed over the last few minutes. Tony didn’t know what it was, but he’d be lying if he said it didn’t make him feel electrified with excitement and some kind of tension. Good tension, but tension nonetheless. “Well, there’s being fashionably late and then there’s just being an asshole, so we should probably head up to the party to avoid being the latter,” Tony said, as they parked. He reached behind the passenger seat to grab the gift bag before getting out to follow Steve.
"What was that?" Tommy asks.
“Don’t start, Thomas.”
Look at you two lovebirds.
“Steve’s being mean.” Tommy is pointing an accusing finger at Steve.
"How are you still at it?" Tony asks, a defined hoarseness to his voice.
Minutes later, Tony hands him a cup of warm tea and drapes a quilt over his shoulders. He sits beside Steve but doesn’t touch him. Steve wants Tony to touch him. “Bad dream?” Tony asks, and Steve appreciates it.
Tony…
Tony lifts Peter's chin up, confused. "Hey…"
to become friends with. But the thing is, Steve’s relationship with Tony can no longer stay on the outside. That’s exactly what they’re trying to do here, bringing that relationship into their lives.
“Ow,” Tony says without a lot of feeling.
“I try not to think about her.” Tony crosses his arms.
as my husband.”
“This Bucky guy sounds familiar,” Billy muses after Steve tells them about the hijinks that ensued at the hospital when Bucky got his prosthetic arm.
“Shh,” Tony says into his ear.
“He did,” Tony replies. “A lot to unpack there.”
“And where
“Yeah? Well, some of them are pretty cute actually.”
Steve thinks for a second, watching the greenery fly past them outside his window. The sky has turned gloomy, not at all like the white clouds rolling by earlier. Now, it’s dark gray, a sign of rain. Steve wants to perceive it as an omen, but he knows he’s only putting meaning where there should be none. Instead, he focuses on what’s inside. “This isn’t home,” he finally says. “I thought it was, for a while.”
Tony sighs as he leans back into the chair. “That’s one of us at least,” he says ruefully, though there’s a small grin on his face. “I didn’t realize how... limber the kid can be while asleep. How did he even end up on top of the both of us—”
“The beginning of the rest of our lives, right?”
There’s a lot to benefit from a parent and their child bonding over similarities. Tony had bonded with Billy over stories, reading him tales of King Arthur well into the night even after Tommy had fallen asleep. They had connected, and continue to connect, through the tales and triumphs of heroes in their journeys. Billy had grown up to be a writer. There’s really no question what—or specifically who got him there.
Steve is immediately on his feet, lifting the boy in his arms. He looks for the other boy in the playground and finds him far away, at the edge of the paved walkway, hand-in-hand with a strikingly familiar man. As the child and the man walk away, the man peeks over his shoulder for one last glance at Steve. Their eyes meet.
“I’m sorry about—”
“Good evening, Peter. I...um. I didn’t expect JARVIS. But, thank you,” and the way Steve says it takes Tony’s breath away. “Thank you, son, for bringing us back one of your dad's best friends, and one of yours too. Hm, how about we forget my original story and just go with this one? Good? Okay, then.
It’s weird.
“You’re doing your best. And Peter appreciates it.”
Because you'd know what helps and what doesn't—
Context is key. Contextualize and ye shall find the answer. Or something of the sort.
Steve nods and gives Tony a pat on the head.
“I didn’t mean to hurt you, Dad.”
“It’s on the long table outside. In case I get a heart attack. Or fall for real. Or...something.”
Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅ
“Fuck you, Uncle Pietro!”
“I don’t want to be taken away from you.” Steve’s voice quivers and his lips wobble. “What Hydra did to me… you know it wasn’t a perfect simulation.”
“You okay there, bud?” Tony asks. He cranes his neck higher and sees his sons’ heads beyond the counter bobbing up and down as they pick up the utensils one by one. “At least, you didn’t drop a plate.”
"Of course I remember." Tony waves his free hand in front of his face
his quirks and his limits, much to Steve’s amusement. But this. This is new. The act of it, not so much. Steve has often said that he likes to stay inside Tony for as long as the night will let him. There had been a shyness to how he first said it that had endeared Tony at first, so much so that it has become attached to positive emotions and memories. It’s just that Tony had never expected that Steve’s bashful nature would end up numbing Tony’s rectal regions along the way. That’s one hell of a thing to describe to Cho if this becomes a problem.
You still do.
Steve nods back, unsure, but feeling lighter. The slight panic that has taken residence in his throat is finally climbing back down and he breathes a little easier, a little better than he had all day. He’s tempted to ask Tony if he can roll down the windows for some fresh air, but seeing his husband shivering under his many layers, he decides against it.
“Drop it.” When his phone stops vibrating, he and Billy step forward, but are pulled back when Tony refuses to move. “Dad, c’mon, I’m not answering the—dad?”
A pause. Peter can almost hear Tony grinning. "I love you too, Steve.
You fucking off.
“Dad.” Tommy squirms and unlinks himself from Tony’s embrace. He shoots a wary glance at Tony. “It’s a simple question. How much do you hate her?”
“I’ll call you later?”
“Is the thought of the gift fake?”
beat a good nap with your supersoldier boyfriend, however, is good old-fashioned shawarma delivered to your doorstep. Tony and Steve eat their meal while watching an episode of Black Mirror.
"Hey, dad," says Tommy. He's breathless, panting. He coughs a few times then pauses. A soft
Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅA̸̛̹̫̥͚̫̱̥̭͑̍͊̾̒̾̋̎̔͜ͅR̶̢͉͈̩͚̲͎͔̬̗̬̳̼͒Ĕ̴̜̱̏͋̏͒͝D̴͕̪̟̟̘͙̘̝̤̩̭͉̫̿̂̊̏͛̊̚̚͝ͅHELP
"We're so sorry for the bother, Shuri."
Tony instinctively looks at Tommy, expecting him to admonish their behavior.
We’ll add you after tonight.
"Your favorite sweater," Tony says to Steve.
Exiting the hallway, he notices the light in the kitchen is on.
“Dad,” Peter groans, “I’m just a little worried. What if they hurt you?”
“We had a tough life, but I wouldn’t change anything. I’m glad I did what I did, when I did.”
—not a problem.
Noh-Varr smiles. “I think I have a better understanding of both you and him.”
“I’m here.”
Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝
Then what are we doing here, Steve?
“How is he?”
Okay, how about we—
“And I’m paying for everything so you don’t have to worry about that. And I’ll tell my sons that they can’t come with—”
“I was being nice,” Tommy says. “I can’t just ask if he was poor—”
"Hi," Tony says as he opens and closes the door behind him. He presses his back onto it. "This is a first. Knocking."
Steve's voice cracks. "I love you too, son."
“That’s how we greet friends. In Hala,” Noh-Varr says, voice almost robotic.
Tony sucks in a breath through his teeth, then exhales through flaring nostrils. He gestures for Tommy to calm down, evening out his breathing for his son to follow. “Tommy,” Tony says, “let me speak.”
You do have a hold on me.
"Clint's coming with some pi—"
“I remember it being a good day,” Steve starts, “bright and sunny, but not too hot, when we had to deal with our first emergency three months since you arrived.”
“You are, sweetheart. Has this happened before?”
"Yes, please, Pop-pop."
“They didn’t see you, right?”
“Listen.” Tommy sighs. “It’s just that my dad is dating someone who’s no one like he had dated before. On the young side.”
Tony releases the breath he has been holding. “Right, yeah.”
Bucky, do something.
“Not at all, Mr. Stark,” Noh-Varr replies as Tommy sits beside him. He leans into Tommy’s ear. “Are you okay?”
"Aren’t you gonna tell dad you love him?"
"Oh, God. I broke my son
A few days of apartment searching later, they had found an unoccupied three-bedroom unit at the The Avengers Tower, one of the more expensive apartment buildings in Manhattan, but Tony had had more than enough money to spare.
“Why didn’t your kid tell you, Tony?”
Um, is everybody ready?
Tony takes a peek at Peter as he places JARVIS on top of his own heart.
“Oh yeah?” Tommy looks at Tony, smiling, and Tony responds in kind. “I don’t know Vision very well. He died when we were really young and dad didn’t meet him.”
“I guess that leaves Dad and Steve’s presents,” Billy says.
Steve…
Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝
“Hey,” Tony interrupts, letting go of Steve’s hand and placing both of his on the steering wheel. “Tell me, did you enjoy yourself?”
Tommy nuzzles his face into Tony’s shoulder. Tommy shudders with the oncoming blubber of words he himself can’t make out. “I—I…” Tommy tries as his breathing starts to slow. He coughs and pushes himself away from Tony’s grip. “I don’t want you to hate me.”
“He’s only two years older than you,” Tony finally says when the silence becomes too much to bear.
Ms. Rose wanted me to try something that can replace writing in a notebook.
Tony beams at everyone as he stands up and grabs his and Steve’s mugs from the table. “Settle down, kids,” Tony says, then cringes. “Not you, Steve.”
Tommy, on the other hand, would integrate
Tony buries his face on the crook of Steve’s neck as Steve pushes a hand in Tony’s shirt, feeling the skin underneath.
"I just had the weirdest dream."
“The Parkers...ah, hm. Let’s not get into it so much. We were given a choice. They thought they gave us a choice, and I suppose a part of me wanted a choice. A kid is a big responsibility. The letter only said that Tony was to provide you with financial aid, should anything happen to the Parkers. Your real...well, not real. Not any realer than me and Dad. Your biological parents and Tony’s parents, your grandpa and grandma...ah, nothing is coming out right.”
“What?”
"I'm sorry—the uh, the superhero thing. That I told Peter—"
"You know, your morning breath really humbles me. It reminds me that you're still only human like us and that you might have the power to keep your cock up for—Steve!"
"You're such a diva, Tony." Steve takes Tony's hand into his and drags him to the door.
Steve looks over to Tony, who’s already looking at him.
Steve chuckles. "No, it wasn't. But when we got home, oh boy…"
“Thank
By some inhuman feat, Steve manages to pull Tony closer. If he were any closer to Steve by then, he would, quite literally, be under Steve’s skin. Steve exhales, content, and Tony can smell his breath wafting to his nose.
"Oh...you heard."
Anyway, wanna come with?
"I put him in a coma—"
Wiping your ass?
Tony lets the night stretch on, allowing Steve to stay a little bit longer. They let JARVIS read Charlotte's Web aloud to them, starting where Tony had stopped reading to Peter earlier that day.
Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆
Too personal of a question or not though, Steve graciously answers them without a lot of fuss, one didactic anecdote at a time.
Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆
“How are you feeling?”
“Is this okay?” Steve asks.
“That’s his excuse? The Second World War?”
“Ew.” Billy scrunches up his nose. “Don’t be weird.”
"The best gift you've got?"
“Good morning, Mr. Stark,” comes Noh-Varr’s voice. He’s nursing a cup of coffee in one hand. On the table, Tommy’s laptop rests. YouTube is on and it’s playing some sort of skit from a group Tony is only vaguely familiar with. “Did you sleep well?”
“It’s just, I have a whole plan so things can go smoothly—”
“No.”
“It is. But it’s not home.”
than Billy thought his dad is actually into. Not to mention, those
"Yes, Pete?"
I thought he’d be ready to see me again.
Tommy only has Tony’s best interest at heart. Sure, it includes single mothers, which under different circumstances Tony might consider, but it also involves Tony
“Stay here,” Tony finally says gravely. “That might be your Uncle Thor.”
“We were twelve!” Tommy pokes Billy’s forehead. “Whose side are you even on, traitor?”
beginning or when you finally declared your undying love for me?
Tommy takes Noh-Varr’s luggage and sets the bag beside the couch.
stand him in the beginning.”
Tommy hands out a fifty-dollar bill to Billy. For Steve.
"Did I tell you how weirdly embarrassed I felt when I woke up?" Peter says after the lights are turned off.
Billy and Teddy grab their laptops and settle on the breakfast nook, intending to get a little bit of work done before noon.
"And we're taking our break. Right now. This is enough.
Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅ                              Ç̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅ
"Yeah, because Nat makes sure of that, right?"
Tony nods. “I’m so sorry, Steve. I don’t know what came over him. I told him that you didn’t want us looking at the attic.”
The morning of Christmas Eve isn’t any different. As Tony nears wakefulness, he hears the front door open and shut. He waits for Steve to make his way to their bedroom, careful not to wake the body beside him, clinging onto Tony. Tony feels a little giddy, still sleep-ridden and caught up between reality and dreaming. The idea of two Steves dance in his brain, as he closes his eyes to go back to sleep.
I’m gonna go... do something.
"All of Young Master's work deserves to be celebrated. Your fathers are very proud of you," comes JARVIS' cool, electronic voice. "It's a sentiment, I believe, that still rings true to this day."
His mother laughs when Peter sneezes, and his father materializes beside his mother and they coo at Peter as he reaches up to touch their noses. And his mother laughs, and laughs and laughs. Until she isn’t laughing anymore. Until her exaggerated smile is forced upside down by the heat cooking her alive. She breathes her last as her red hair turns into fire, engulfing the rest of her in flames. She screams but she doesn’t scream for herself. She screams for her husband already dead from the smoke, she screams for her child still in her arms, she screams for the home they have built from not—
“Wanda, right?” Steve asks, voice lower and softer than it usually is.
“No list?” Tony asks.
Tony rolls his eyes. "Fine," he says to no one in particular. "No armor works just fine for me."
“What are you doing here?” Tony asked, confused as hell.
“I will be at your place by 8. I expect steak and potatoes with a full bodied red wine,” was all Carol said before hanging up.
“Are you kidding me right now, Carol? That’s such a personal question!”
The appointment was conducted with very little conversation, outside of the routine questions about how Steve was doing. They were all seemingly excited to get to the biggest part of the day. Once Bruce began the ultrasound, Tony sat in a seat beside the exam table, holding Steve’s hand. The room was absolutely silent, save for the whir of the machines.
All three of his friends looked at one another.
The pair of them stood there until Steve moved to walk Tony to the door.
Then, there was the time when she had to come into work with him and she ended up running around throwing silverware at people. Steve had been asked to go home early. He was terrified that he had lost his job, but that night he got a call from Fury, assuring him his job was safe.
Tony looked puzzled for a moment before realization hit. “Oh yeah, lunch! I got tied up with some stuff and didn’t get a chance to make it out of my classroom. So if you missed lunch too then no harm no foul.”
“Hey,” he said softly.
“What?” Tony asked, breathing in the snot that was running out of his nose.
“What is this?” Tony asked.
“Definitely...now are you guys ready to see the baby and find out what you’re having?” Bruce asked, eager to get the attention off of himself.
Tony said, shrugging with a smile. Steve just rolled his eyes and shook his head.
“You mean
Steve stood back and watched as Bucky and Sam threw their first round of axes. While waiting his turn, he felt his phone buzz in his pocket. He saw a text from Tony and couldn’t help the smile that spread across his face when he read the message.
realizes how easily he let you in,” Pepper said with a sad smile. “I think in the end, it was easier for Tony to believe that you were so perfect because you were playing a part, rather than believing that you are who you say you are and for some reason you chose him.”
The two men sat there, quietly racking their brains for ideas when Natasha walked into the living room with a bottle of beer.
“I’m not sure if I should be insulted that you don’t think I’m smart enough for your tech or to be grateful that you’re taking it easy on me with this stuff.”
“Thank you, I love you, thank you thank you THANK YOU!” Tony sang, noticing that his mood had changed drastically since opening the front door. With the exception of Pepper and Rhodey bringing him a mini molten lava cake with a candle in it every year since the beginning of high school, no one had ever really put an effort into celebrating Tony’s birthday. His friends always saw through it when he’d say that he didn’t want to make a fuss about what really was just any other day, and Steve did too.
“My mom,” Steve answered, Tony noticed the sad smile that crept it’s way onto the blond’s face almost immediately. They’d never really discussed Steve’s parents or family, but Tony knew that something had happened to them. He’d heard that Steve spent some time living with Bucky and his family before Coraline came along. Tony didn’t want to force this conversation, but it seemed that Steve was eager to share his story. He squeezed Steve’s hand to let him know that it was okay to continue.
Tony asked, removing his goggles.
“I was saving the paints you bought me for the right project,” Steve explained as Tony ran his hands over it. The brush strokes. The care. The love that was put into this painting.
Steve pulled him down, meeting Tony halfway for a kiss. “I think,” Steve began, smiling against Tony’s lips, “it sounds like you've got yourself a deal.”
All at once, the pants gave, and Tony flew backwards, hitting himself in the face with his own fist.
“Well, you have experience when it comes to sex and I’ve done it a grand total of once and I wanted to make this really special and nice for both of us and I can’t even get you undressed properly.”
Instead of responding, Tony just pressed his finger against the sweet spot and reveled in the whine that came from Steve.
“This is your first check. Once you sign that agreement, I’ll set something up with the bank.”
Stop saying my name!
“Who is it? I can just meet them downstairs. Do I look like a mess—”
“Shit, Tommy,” Tony says, loud enough for his son to hear, which doesn’t help the slight throbbing of his head. He tries to get up, but as he lifts his head from Steve’s lap, the pain strikes him. “I’m okay. Don’t come in.”
“That offends me even more.” Tommy pouts in Tony’s direction.
Why didn’t Wanda have to do the roll call?
The monitor beeps and Tony starts to count again. He’s been counting a lot, even more than usual. He supposes it’s something his mind can do. A reassurance—perhaps, a warning?—that time is passing, that change is inevitable. But what can he do? He’s a futurist; change is something he should be clinging on to.
Tony.
Sharing a bed,
But Peter doesn’t listen. How can he after everything else that has come out of his dad’s mouth that day? He pulls down the attic door and down comes the ladder. He doesn’t hear any chanting, only whispers. He climbs up, one rung at a time. The seconds fly by oh so slowly and the whispers only grow louder. His dad’s voice sounds far away now. He’s finally going to prove him wrong.
“Steve,” he hisses. “What are you doing here?”
Billy and Teddy look at each other. Teddy offers a half-smile at Steve, but his expression is fond.
So Tony is asleep. He's asleep because he's growing a baby inside his belly while planning for said baby with charts and graphs and an honest-to-God Excel sheet while being a super genius at the same time. Which leaves Steve—has been leaving Steve—with a dilemma that hasn't stopped boggling his mind.
Sam silently laughs at the blush creeping up Steve's neck. “It’s your stepson,” he says, elbowing Steve in the ribs.
So Tony told Steve about his exes. That much is implied.
Yeah.
It’s—ow, ow, ow—
They stare at each other. Tony doesn’t know for how long. His mind has stopped counting, it seems.
“More of the interrogation?”
Again. Same information. 9:16.
“Okay,” Tony tries. “Let’s not derail the fun. We’re having a good time here.”
Stay where you are.
“Do you?”
“Hey.” Tony takes a hold of Steve’s hand. “I wanted you, too. God knows I haven't stopped wanting you and I’m still slapping myself silly trying to believe this isn’t just a dream.”
Bucky tosses a single kernel of popcorn into his mouth. "Watcha doin', Prof?" he drawls as he chews. Sleep lines crisscross the left side of his face, the same side where his shaggy hair is sticking up in different directions. He closes his eyes and opens them up again in a slow, deliberate blink. He stretches his body back and his arms up with a yawn, the prosthetic arm that Tony had helped engineer creaking just a little.
Tony smiles coyly, and for a moment he feels like a young boy caught looking at his teenage crush. “Okay.”
Tony walks, dragging his boys with him. Having sat and stood on the same spot for too long—36 minutes and 54 seconds, to be exact—and he’s just about ready for the ground to swallow him whole. He takes a deep breath. Now or never. “So, how’s training, Tommy?”
Billy reaches out a hand. “Odd beginnings,” he says when Steve takes it. “But better odd than...well, the bad kind.”
“—and we’re just entertaining hypotheticals. Vision isn’t so bad compared to—”
“You know my dad doesn’t have the best track record with relationships, right?” Billy feels Teddy’s chin dig into his shoulders as he nods. “He doesn’t have the best taste in people. And he hasn’t been this serious with anyone since...” Billy swallows.
“Dez said they put you in a box and they took you away. I don’t want anyone to take you away, Pop-pop,” Peter wails. “It will make me cry and it will make Daddy cry and who’s going to kiss Daddy’s booboos away if you’re not there? I can’t kiss it away, I’m not a superhero.”
“While you’re young enough for me to take on,” Billy answers.
,” and it’s no longer a laugh. Tony props himself up with his hands on his knees, gasping for air. He hacks out a sob, once, twice, and Tommy is on his knees, trying to help his father up.
Okay, maybe being toyed with is not always a point of contention between him and the universe. And this may very well be one of those moments where a turn for the worse won’t turn out to be the actual worst.
Avengers Try Charcoal Mask for the First Time.
“Not that shirt, it’s too small for you!”
Steve takes the container from his son and pats him on the head. “Thank you, baby.”
“Of a sort,” Mr. Calloway says, blushing.
“I’m fine. I could use some ice, though?”
No, Buck.
“You can thank yourself for that. You have one too, you know.” He flicks the spot with his forefinger and Steve barely reacts.
“No! Fuck no, I’m not back together with her.”
Yeah, what he said.
"Catching you!"
“It’s
Tommy flicks soapy water in Tony’s general direction. “Rude.”
Tony laughs, but it’s laced with remorse. “Must’ve gotten that from me.”
“A few.” Steve hunches over himself, trying to make himself look smaller than he actually is, but to no avail. He keeps his coffee close to his chest, then lifts it to take a swig. “I kept getting mixed signals, you know? I knew he liked me...er. I know now that he did. And we kinda...we were...before dating…we did—-”
"Mouth shut. You got it, Prof."
One side of Billy’s lips raises in a subtle smirk as he looks away from Tony. He places the last pancake on the plate resting beside the pan. “Who wants breakfast?”
Tony doesn't stop typing on his laptop. "I told you to stop calling me 'Prof,' Mr. Barnes."
Steve chuckles. “I’m glad you did. I don’t think I would’ve lasted long with that other table. They were talking about me as if I wasn’t there.”
like Kate.”
“Um.” Steve looks up at the ceiling in thought. “That you’re going on a quick trip?”
Whatever. What’s the big deal?”
“Socks? You got me socks?”
"We're not frat bros. I've never been in a frat."
Steve nods. “Want me to turn off the lights?”
Tony doesn’t miss the silver necklace Tommy’s wearing. It’s one he’s never seen before, and he wouldn’t be surprised if he finds no gift from Noh-Varr for Tommy under the tree that morning. He asks Tommy to help with the rest of the dishes, so Tommy gets to starting on the pie dough.
I—wha—
vulnerable. “I love you so much.”
"Yeah, but. Where's the fun in that—"
Tony frowns. “Did you need extra money?”
Billy pulls an ‘are you kidding me’ face and then remembers that Tommy can be a pain when shopping with, since he’s simultaneously very specific with what he wants to buy without actually knowing what it is. Tommy knows he wants Steve’s gift to be either small or light, something to do with what had happened today, something Steve will look and cringe at forever; still something useful, but nothing that would insinuate that he and Tommy are friends. Because they
"So, we woke you up. And…" Tony laughs wetly.
He bl—
"No, shh." Tony pushes the door open a bit further and wraps Peter in a hug. He kisses the top of Peter's head. "Pops will understand. It's okay."
“I deserve all the blame, Tony.” Steve clutches at the frame, placing it close to his heart. “I dealt the blow that put Peter here.”
“I love you,” Tony repeats, raw and open. Vulnerable,
No. But., um.
"It was the first time you called us 'dads.' You blinked your large brown eyes, said 'dads?' and we helped you down from the closet."
"We couldn't find you anywhere, Pete. And neither could Happy. He said he was fixing you lunch, and then suddenly, you were gone. And JARVIS had that whole privacy protocol for you, so as long as you weren't in any immediate danger, he wouldn't tell us where you were. He said you told him you didn’t want anyone to know where you were. At least we knew you were still inside the tower. And that you were safe." Steve squeezes both Tony and Peter's hands.
"Make sure not to get any on your clothes, little guy," Tony tells him, and of course Peter doesn't listen. Or he does, only failing to follow through because he's too distracted by the sugary treat in front of him. The ends of Tony's sleeves fall victim to ganache stains, and although Tony insists he doesn't mind, Steve offers him his coat anyway, practically yanking Tony's jacket off himself when he doesn’t budge.
Oh, boy. Don’t associate me with that—
Whoa, I didn’t know Captain Kirk was in the building.
Noh-Varr kneels down. Without a word, he helps Tony take small sips of water.
Tommy could feel Noh-varr raising an eyebrow all the way from LA. “Can’t you do that with me around?”
Medbay. They went to get their faces checked out.
“By myself?”
I swear to God.
“I haven’t seen anyone.”
This beats technological advancement and a large medium rare steak any day.
"Shoc'let!" Peter announces.
“No, he’s not.” Tony frowns, hurt, and it breaks Peter's heart to have to do this.
For the first time, Tony had actually fallen asleep.
“The term Super Soldier...is not exactly correct, but it isn’t wrong either. The spider gave the Young Master spider-like abilities. His DNA has been mutated, but not in the same sense Doctor Banner or Captain Rogers’ DNA has been altered.”
“You’re not, though.”
“Tell me it’s not okay,” Tony says, and with every word, his heart breaks. “Tell me you aren’t fine with it, either of you, and I’ll end it.”
“I know. But you’re doing this for a reason, and I get that,” Steve says. “I was the one who wanted you so bad, remember? You never failed to remind me what I would be getting myself into, and I only found myself wanting you even more. I'm here with you every step of the way, Tony.”
Steve sighs. “I agree with them, Tony. And
“Missed you.” Steve gets up and places kisses over Tony’s closed mouth. “Hey, I missed you.”
I’m old enough as it is.
He wants that life for Peter, where his son can get to know people, get to know himself as himself. Not some guy in a skintight outfit, made and then unmade, and for a long time, unable to feel like he belonged anywhere.
"Don't worry, Peter," Natasha says with a wink. "We'll make it how you like it."
"Always," Steve says, placing a hand on Peter's cheek. "We're always proud of you, Peter."
Tony takes this as a yes, and he heads over to Tommy and sits down beside him. They aren’t quite coming into contact with each other, but Tommy can feel the warmth of Tony’s skin barely reaching his own. He tilts his head towards it, a minute movement that would have been easily missable.
Steve continues. "The next day, we asked you about it. About JARVIS, and you told us that he's tied with Bruce at second place for your list of best friends. You apologized for talking to him. You told us that you've been talking to him for a long time, asking him to play you your favorite song while you slept, or reading you your favorite books when you couldn't. We told you you could ask us to do the same, that we'd read to you for as long as you needed. But of course, we couldn't just tell you what you needed to hear. We also wanted to show you the lengths we'd go for you.
The woman smiles. Then she turns into Peter’s mother. Which is odd and it makes Peter blink a few times.
“I’m just looking out for you, Dad,” Tommy says carefully, determined.
“This is no longer about Vision. You know this is no longer about Vision. You just want an excuse to bad mouth the people I’ve been with—”
R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜
Tony—
“It wasn’t my first time at the MET, but it felt like it. We talked for hours. He told me tidbits I already knew, tidbits I didn’t. I didn’t even realize it was closing time until he pointed it out.” A pause. “I technically didn’t need Tony anymore after that, but I kept coming back. Kept asking questions the conservators at the museum already told me the answer to.
“So, Steve?” Billy asks in earnest, putting on a friendly face and an even friendlier tone. “You understand why we have to ask these things, right?”
“That’s what I like to hear,” Tommy cheers as Tony goes for his turn. “Dad, arrange a meeting between Victor and Steve.”
Noh-Varr pauses the video and shakes his head. “No need for such apologies, Tony. It is I who should be sorry for imposing myself.”
“We don’t need to fix this right now. But please promise me that we
"You're so warm, Tony."
“Then what is it?”
They kiss again, with cleaner mouths this time.
In retrospect, it'll be a funny story to tell his kids in the future.
"Bet it is."
Except this alarm only smells like fresh breath and aftershave, and has a penchant for smacking his ass first thing in the morning.
Stevie…
Thought you guys are supposed to be… superspies or something?
Um, okay.
"We're alright, sweetheart," Tony replies. "We're gonna be alright."
I don’t have my suit on.
Tony spends a smaller chunk of his time making love with Steve on their couch, on their carpeted floors, on their bed.
I’m trying to.
.” Tony sighs. “But I guess you have a point. If we end up in an abandoned warehouse because it’s
“But I… I think that’s what they wanted. They didn’t want me to stay under the way I had in the real ice. They wanted me to remember. You. They wanted me to remember you and Peter.” Steve sniffles. Tears stream down his face, and when he blinks, more of them fall. “They want me to know that I’m being taken away again.”
Then Tommy’s face turns dark as he looks around the apartment.
Steve nods with a smile. “Nice to meet you, Billy.”
Peter laughs, a little hysterically and a little in disbelief. “You’re hearing yourself when you talk, right?”
“No, I can do it.”
D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘
“And you can’t do this with your grandfather around. You’re going to give him a heart attack. And you’re going to worry your uncle—”
“It was different when we were younger.”
Why couldn’t you do the recording after we’re all done?
A beat passes. Billy looks at Tony but doesn’t say a word.
Tommy wraps his arms around Tony’s shoulder. “Okay,” he whispers into Tony’s ear. He silently cries, schooling his voice just long enough to speak to Tony again. “Okay, but you seriously need to tell me three things you can feel. Or else Billy will have my head because I didn’t do a good job trying to calm you down.”
“Oh, they’re fake,” Tony says. He takes one of the tickets from Steve’s hand and inspects them himself. “Is it bad that I gave you fake tickets?”
“Huh.” Bucky sits in bed with his eyes wide open.
How’s the face—
Tony resumes typing. "I do."
said it, not me.”
Tony smiles into Steve’s bare chest. “Home?”
Minutes later, the door to the bedroom creaks open, and in comes Steve. “Hey,” he whispers. The bed dips, and Tony, still face down and clutching his phone in one hand, crawls closer to him.
“I love you, Pete. Yours always, Pops.” Steve places the letter, folded and tucked neatly into an envelope, on the foot of Peter’s bed. He leaves without another word, without looking back, and Tony is free to let the sobs escape into the hand over his mouth.
“...sorry, Mr. Stark. But—”
Wanda left at 10:05 to attend to personal matters.
Tommy gets up from the floor and approaches Tony, ready to take on whoever’s bothering him over the comms.
This is it. He has finally broken his dad. How the hell is he going to explain this to Billy? To
Tony stares at him, deadpan. "You're cute, but no. Fix this."
"It wasn't really that big of a snake. It wasn't mutated, I mean. Just a normal snake. But, you know, big. What am I talking about, you ask? Just a big snake. And no, I'm not asking for any innuendoes from you, okay? Not with our baby still inside."
“He told me reading to you might help. He thought it would be nice if you heard your Pop-pop’s voice, then I told him you might not want to. Then I realized, whatever causes a reaction, Pete. It doesn’t matter to me if you wake up angry, or sad, or feeling nothing at all for me, as long as you wake up, that’s enough.” Steve sighs, and his breath shakes. “I hope it’s not too late to apologize. To you
“I almost lost you,” Steve whispers into Tony’s neck. “The both of you. I realized I didn’t want that.”
get back together with her. Your restraining order is—”
Tony holds the frame close to his chest. “I love it,” he says.
Tony, that’s—
"I don't think you noticed that was the first time you called us that. You had been too sleepy. And we went back to being
“Fine, maybe I don’t,” Tommy says, feigning indignance. “But Dad thinks he’s so slick because he was able to make me come home for his little boyfriend.”
"And tell me,
Tony chuckles, then closes his eyes. “Okay.”
“So are we mad at your Uncle Pietro now, too?”
Uh, it’s not a secret.
Yes, I do.
“Dad. Dad. I think you’re having a panic attack,” Tommy says, laying his hands on each side of Tony’s cheek. “Look at me. Follow the way I breathe.” Tommy breathes in through his nose, and out through his mouth. He counts in his head: four seconds in, seven seconds hold, and eight seconds out. And again, and again.
“I should be the one getting you flowers,” Tony says with disbelief. He takes the bouquet from Steve anyway.
my bio-dad, though. I’d look like him. And...gross. But that would mean Vision would have to date Dad. Which is...not exactly gross but it’s hard to imagine.”
“Not at all.” Steve closes his sketchbook and turns his chair around so he’s facing Billy, who closes his laptop to listen to Steve. “Me and Clint actually went to LA with a couple of friends last year. We visited Kate—”
“No, your grandfather is fine. I’m the one who asked them—And they’ll be here before New Year’s Eve—”
He does a quick runthrough of his entire body, wiggling his toes and his fingers to confirm that, yes, he does indeed still have all of his limbs attached, only that he’s having a hard time feeling them. His arms are locked in place; his right arm is tucked under him, folded forward, so that his elbow is taking the brunt of his weight. There’s another arm stuck beneath him, but it isn’t his, and it has snaked its way up to his bare chest and to his left armpit, where the hand attached to it is clutching his skin. His left arm isn’t any better as it’s held in place by a different arm snaking its way down, much like the other arm, its fingers tucked under Tony. His legs are a bit more mobile, with only his upper legs held in place. A pain shoots up his knees when he swings his lower legs forward, trying to stretch.
You’re an important asset to the team, Scott.
“Nobody’s taking you away. No one.”
“Just ten minutes,” Pepper says. Firmly. With her hands on her hips. “Just sit still for ten minutes.”
“They have emojis on them,” Tony retorts.
“Nothing.” Steve shakes his head. “Feeling better?”
"Thanks, honey. I—"
That was until Steve had come along. Steve hadn’t asked to live with Tony, which hadn’t been all that surprising. People tend to keep their eagerness on the downlow at the beginning of relationships, and Steve hadn’t been any different.
"I don't."
mother and her two kids. I don’t remember what it was like to be a family with them, and for a moment, when you first told us, I thought you had taken all of that away from me. From us.
“It was the guy… from yesterday. And his… son, I think.”
D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝     H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅ       Ç̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘  E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅ   Ç̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝      H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜
“I do not have a bad back.” Tony crosses his arms. He takes the ladle away from Tommy before a drop of the mix falls on the floor. “And I fell.”
Tony swallows audibly. “I did.”
. Baby, no, no, no. I don’t hate you. You can scream at me all you want and I will never, ever hate you.”
Tony looks behind him. Everyone on the dining table is looking cautiously at Noh-Varr who is only innocently sipping his milk, completely unaware of the sudden attention on him.
Peter does place his clothes neatly on one of the empty shelves, but that's not the reason why he had been in search of the walk-in in the first place.
Steve kisses the spot that still stings a little. “Yep.”
"I have to go see Clint, hopefully by tomorrow. And Wanda," Tony says as he puts on a much larger shirt than the one he had on. Peter realizes it's his pops' shirt. "You think they're mad at me? Pietro has something for them. Vision too, something for Wanda."
E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠
Tony goes quiet. He exits the closet, looks at himself in the mirror again. His eyes only seem to get baggier no matter how much he tries to sleep. “It’s what he wanted.”
E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝
"Thanks, Shuri," Peter says.
"I'll figure something out."
Tony gives him a thumbs up. Steve leaves the tablet beside Tony anyway.
Time is now 9:07. I’m joined by Steve Rogers.
NONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONO The attic door closes with a thud. The fork clangs to the floor.
“Between you and me, Mr. Calloway, I also believe that they had been friends.”
“Holy shit, there’s two of them.”
“Yeah.”
What—
Billy’s frown only gets deeper. He grabs the money from Tommy and tells him he’ll see what he can find.
Billy scoots further back until his head is on Teddy’s shoulders, Teddy wrapping his arms around Billy.
“Yep—”
“Huh.”
“Okay, but they know we’re dating.”
Right, he should get going.
What had once been Steve’s daydream, a fantasy he had often found himself in as a much younger boy listening to his mother’s stories about a small Irish cottage in Monaghan, the small town where his mother and his father had grown up in and had met, is finally a reality; at least, for the next three days. The quaint home is a neatly packaged box of comfort filled with antique furniture and wooden surfaces. The interior blurs together and privacy is close to nonexistent. Outside is a field of emerald glistening with morning dew, and beyond the horizon, a cerulean sky peeking through the clouds. The flowers are in full bloom with their reds and oranges and yellows, and the birds are chirping, a loud and beautiful song Steve doesn’t always have the luxury of hearing. The smell of bacon and eggs engulfs his nostrils as a cool breeze passes through the window.
Shouldn’t you know?
Despite the itch to want them around as much as possible, however, Tony has extended them the freedom of letting them do whatever they want, as long as they return home for Christmas as early as they can and stay as long as work lets them.
He doesn’t
“Fine!” Tony throws his hands up. “I hate her. I despise her. If I had the power to send her away—far away from New York—instead of sending
“For a smart guy, you’re kind of an idiot, Dad.”
“I didn’t stay long enough to be any good. It was for free anyway and I really only joined out of impulse since I wasn’t so...
E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝
Tommy turns to face Tony again, but he keeps his distance. “Lisa fucked me up, Dad.”
Tony’s quickening heartbeat finally eases up at the sound of Steve’s voice. He’s still captivated by Steve’s stories even though he’s heard them more than a few times already. The way Steve’s Adam's apple bobs up and down as he talks, the way his lips move as he speaks. The man can inspire if he so pleases, and he might as well lead a battalion to war with how his tales turn into speeches about bettering oneself and fighting the good fight.
“I see that now, how similar you two are.”
"They're not gonna look like a sad clown. I hope. Not that I won't love them if they do end up looking like that. Or that you won't love them. But
“Yeah. He has this…” Tommy looks at Steve, eyes shut as he tries to make sense of his next statement. “...love-hate relationship with Vision. I know they were friends—”
I can't say if Buckaroo here is still big on Christianity.
“Hi,” a voice says from behind him.
Noh-Varr chuckles, knowing and silent.
Steve makes sure to throw the paint out that same day.
"I was just a baby, Pete." Steve chuckles and lets Peter resume eating his sandwich. He kisses Tony on the lips, a dab of mustard coating the edge of them as Tony is in the middle of chewing. A small trace of it transfers on to Steve and he wipes it off with a flick of his tongue.
“We…? Yeah. Yes, of course, we’re going back.”
You were the one who wanted to take a break.
I hate seeing you all mopey with charcoal all over your face.
“There it is.”
They settle on the bed to open their gifts together.
For a split-second, Tommy looks disappointed at Steve’s presence. Tony elbows him lightly on the ribs, and Tommy looks at Tony, confused.
Who said anything about being awkward?
Pizza.
—and.
’ replies Sam.
He blinks.
I thought I could.
point of contention between him and his sons. Tony would be more skeptical if he hasn’t been building up to a point himself, and said point ties in with Tommy’s perfectly. And the universe isn’t going to be kind enough to give him another segue as good as this. Not that he needs it or even wants it for that matter, but what are the circumstances of his life if not fucked?
At 7:30, Tommy emerges from his room.
Listen, man.
You'd be an idiot for thinking Tony would want to break up with you.
Steve settles under Tony’s arms.
Let’s just—
"That's gross, Tony."
“Yeah? It was a few months later when I went to visit him in Sokovia, as a surprise, that I found out about Wanda and...and Billy and Tommy. Wanda knew about me. Of course she did. She saw me before Victor did, when I got there, and she didn’t...she didn’t
Tony spares a glance at him once, when the heart monitor beeps, then looks away for the rest of the night.
“Of course—”
Tony, come on…
Billy groans.
Tommy rolls his eyes at Tony. “Sure, Dad. So, we’re here now. At Central Park of all places.”
“Coraline? Is that you?”
“Not too sure which to ask for myself,” Tony answered, without changing his position.
“I’ll have coke please,” Tony said, trying not to stare.
. So no, I do not live on campus,” Steve snapped. “No, wait, I’m so sorry. That was rude.”
“My soft-on-the-corneas cowboy?”
"Well Steve, that would be your baby' heartbeat. And from the sound of it, they seem just as excited to meet you too." Dr. Banner answered with a warm smile.
Coraline hobbled over to Tony. She put her pudgy hand on his face.
“Of course, I’d never forget your little guy, especially on your first big day with the team!” Tony said, jumping up, sandwich in hand, as he moved to the closet at the side of the classroom to get the box of materials for the robotics team meeting. Sitting right at the top of the box was Steve’s little bot, and the blond smiled upon seeing it.
“Nah.” Steve steps forward and places a soft kiss on Tony’s forehead. “Not necessary.”
Tony is keen on just watching, listening in on their banter to calm himself. He lets them take over talking to Peter as he spreads the different vases around the room. He places Natasha’s vase of bright daffodils on the right bedside table and Rhodey’s tulips on the left. He places the potted sunflower Vision had given him earlier that morning on the window sill, just above the spare bed. Then he centers Pietro’s vase of hydrangeas picked from their garden on the table. Inspecting the newest bouquet, he notices a card tucked in between two flowerheads.
Steve is attractive, and he’s glad that his dad has finally increased his standards in romantic partners (in
“And did he also dye his hair white? Is that what you kids do these days when you date someone? What happened to matching bracelets?”
Tony looks up at Steve. He opens his mouth to repeat himself, but instead says, “is the red on my forehead gone?”
parents.”
Why have you been avoiding talking to me, then?
’ replies Clint again.
Steve lets Tony lay him down on the small couch, where Tony places himself on top of Steve, the weight of his husband the one he’d rather have on himself. Tony’s breath tickles Steve’s neck and Steve focuses on the sensation, breathing along with the rise and fall of Tony’s chest. They fall asleep like that, breathing together, arms around each other, the tea that Steve never got to drink on the table beside them.
Is saying all that really necessary?
On the painting, they’re sporting big smiles all around. Behind them, a tapestry of King Arthur is drawn with enough detail despite the small size of the canvas.
me to. Is that the answer you want?”
Tony, I—
Is this stuff facial-hair-friendly?
Tommy nods delicately. “I told him,” he whispers back.
Time is… 8:49 in the evening. I am joined by…
“He says he’ll call you later tonight.”
He might just be able to finish everything on the list by the time it’s morning.
“No, I have to focus.”
Tony swallows another bout of tears.
They might not have the same blood flowing through their veins, but they do have similar hearts on their sleeves.
"Tell you what…" Steve gets up from the bed, pulling Tony up with him. He looks down at Tony, takes Tony's face into his large hands, drawing circles on Tony’s cheeks with his thumbs. "I'll plan the trips. Discreet trips. I'll bring some of my friends, you bring some of your friends, so it wouldn't look too much like a date to Billy and Tommy."
“Then the letter came.
to buy Steve a gift. Not really. It isn’t like he owes Steve anything. And Steve doesn’t owe him anything. But two things struck Billy earlier in the day that had compelled him to leave the house and make Teddy suffer the onslaught of late Christmas shoppers with him.
"No." Tony places his hands on his hips. "I'm not a child, Peter. He just wants me to get enough sleep."
What if it burns my face off?
“Yep. Can’t say for how long though because their temple is in the middle of the woods somewhere. And Steve doesn’t say much else about it except that it’s still under construction right now.”
Steve frowns. “You don’t actually slap yourself, right?”
“Hello.” Steve waves a hand.
“I’m here.”
Sometimes, Steve doesn't find it fair, and with each different circumstance, he either finds himself relieved or afraid. Becoming a father is something he had thought he always wanted, had realized he was never going to get, and then, after Project Rebirth, had realized again that it might not be so impossible after all. Waking up from the ice for the first time—the only time, he reminds himself—he had been determined to give the world Captain America back. But then the world gave Captain America a husband, a family, friends, a son. It had only been after waking up the second time around, when the ice was but a Hydra chamber and Steve's mind being tampered with, that he tells himself: his husband, his friends, his family, and his son don't belong to Captain America. It’s Steve Rogers who belongs to them, and Steve has never felt so blessed.
Go ahead, Buck.
i finally have an epilogue i'm happy with! ngl this is the third time i tried to write this damn ending. i've contemplated making it not so good, but i dont think they deserve that for this one XD hope you enjoyed this as much as i had fun writing it! <3
Steve kneels beside Tony, cradling his head on his lap. “Hey, you okay?”
Everything else has him posed with five other people. The other tags link to a Bucky Barnes, a Sharon Carter, a Sam Wilson. Two remain untagged: a red-headed woman and a different blond guy that looks awfully familiar.
"You do."
That’s the real memory that lingers because it’s what was and is real to Steve. It’s Tony who is real.
Tony will be ready.
been through a lot.
He talks about the Black Mirror episode. He talks about the dog he saw when they went for a run. He talks about bumping into some old veterans. He talks about his lunch with Bucky and Sam, and Sam’s insistence that pigeons are spies trained by the Russians. He talks about Sam’s implication that Bucky is just a bunch of pigeons inside a skinsuit.
Steve doesn't open his eyes. "Hm?"
"No bother at all, Mr. Stark—"
“I’m an adult, and I know what I’m doing.”
Tony jumps. He clutches onto his scarf as he lurches forward in shock. He stands and looks behind him as he places his hands on his hips and glares at Tommy.
No prayer then.
“Oh, so you know my son more than I do now. Is that it?” Tony sighs. “I didn’t mean that.”
Sadly, Tony just cannot escape every meeting, especially after skipping the last ten meetings because a.) Tony has not been feeling well for the past few months, and b.) Tony saved the world. He deserves a good ten outs.
And as an added bonus, two of his other students, Nat and Clint, live in the very same apartment building. While they had kept themselves scarce for most of the
R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘
“Whatever you say, old man.” Steve inspects Tony’s forehead, then the back of his head. He feels around the hair, looking for bumps in the general area. Tony hisses when he hits the spot that dealt the most damage. “There’s no bump back here, but I don’t think I’ll be able to say the same for the front.”
“Are you and Kate fighting?” Billy asks.
that has never failed to calm him down. He waits a few minutes for his breathing to match Teddy’s but it never does. He heaves a long sigh and sits back up.
Geez, yeah.
“Peter, I don’t—” Steve blinks before the world can spin any further. He wants to run. He needs to run. But he has to protect Peter first. He has to—
“What we didn’t tell you, Pete, is that the next day, both your dad and I woke up at four in the morning. We didn’t really get a lot of sleep the night before either. I kept tossing and turning, and your dad kept mumbling to himself. So we both woke up, we looked at each other, we panicked. We just got out of bed and paced our bedroom trying to think of...well, of a plan, I suppose? I don’t exactly know what we were trying to do. But I checked on you to see if you were asleep, and you were, and when I came back into our bedroom, Tony had booked an entire indoor playground all to ourselves. He told me he didn’t know what came over him, and that he just blacked out and came back to his senses with a large bill and an email telling him everything had been set.
Tony tries not to wince at the doll when Peter hands it to him. "Too much, too soon, Pete?"
As the morning gets warmer, or as warm as it can get in rural Ireland, and the pancakes and the eggs and the bacon are all laid out on the table in front of them, Steve can’t help but bow his head down to say grace.
"Steve," and it sounds like a prayer. "Kiss me."
“No,” Steve says. He grips Tony’s fingers under his palm and lightly digs his nails into Tony’s skin. “I wanna go out. That's why we're here, right?"
Tommy watches as Tony gets up and leaves his bedroom.
Steve continues with his painting. He's allowing himself less precise lines and blotchy colors for the night. It's not like the kid who wanted to look like the sad clown can see, because that kid will definitely have something to say about how uneven the blues are or how thick the yellows are.
“No! He’s—”
As Tony starts the ignition, Tommy leans through the space between the front seats. “So, he’s coming over for Christmas, isn’t he? This Steve guy.”
"Hey, Pete."
“He’s probably just looking for something to talk about.”
“Hey.” Tony presses his side up against Steve. He holds up two aprons, a plain blue one in Steve’s size and another smaller apron, red and gold and fashioned after the Iron Man armor. “You okay?”
“Steve? Hey.” Somebody tries to take Peter from his arms, and he tightens his hold. “It’s okay—s’okay, it’s just me.” Tony places himself directly in Steve’s line of sight. “See? Just me. It’s just me.”
“No.”
Billy takes a long hard sip of his coffee.
“...he already lives here. He moved in after Thanksgiving.”
“Who first?”
"I had my theories," Tony replies. "I thought it was Pietro at first. That boy really misses Clint. And his sister. But I don't know, it didn't feel right."
Tommy counts the seconds in his head as he stares straight at their door. Then a rapping erupts. Tommy might as well cough up his own heart. He can feel it doing somersaults with his stomach. He can taste acid in the back of his throat.
“Why don’t you take the mashed potatoes from the fridge and hand it to Pops?” Tony says, walking to the kitchen from the living room, if there even is a clear distinction between the spaces.
A beautiful young woman with red hair. She sees Peter, smiles at him, and calls out his name.
“Or the fact that your dad and I could’ve dated in a different universe.”
“You didn’t have anything prepared for your son tonight?”
Steve ducks his head to say grace just as Tommy digs into his food. The forkful of eggs stops halfway to his mouth, and the resounding silence is rather comical. Steve looks up to everyone’s eyes on him. He chuckles and scratches the back of his head, saying, “Don’t mind me.”
Billy snorts. “You’re disgusting.”
Hm, another site says ten.
He clutches at his chest, practically tearing his shirt open. He feels his fingernails on his skin. He cannot breathe. He needs to breathe. Tony doesn’t want to die. Not anymore. Not since they started fixing things, since they started fixing themselves.
“You don’t have to answer—”
“Did you push Dad off the bed?”
shouldn't go together. It's against nature's cause."
Tommy freezes, arms over his head.
Tony chuckles. “You wanna know a little secret? Tommy lets Billy buy a lot of his gifts for people. Tommy’s a little shit but Billy can be just as cunning. I think buying presents on Tommy’s behalf is something he enjoys. Like getting people gag gifts or something”
Tony gasps.
"It was a long night," Steve recalls. "But worth it."
“Because I almost hated
Steve Rogers.
"Is there anything I can—"
A moment passes.
“Not in detail,” Billy says. “I am genuinely curious. I know my brother and I are...we pry. But you said you understood why we do what we do.”
The door opens, then stops mid-way. Billy knocks on it softly and says, “are you decent?”
“Of course you know who I am.”
Tony sways the two of them in the embrace.
“When you woke up and saw everything, you asked us whose birthday it was. And your dad panicked and blurted out that it was your birthday. And I still remember your small, little voice. You were so shy when you said that it’s not your birthday but you’d
Steve returns later that night, again, just as expected. He stands in the same spot as the night before, by Peter’s feet, where the moonlight doesn’t hit, and Tony sits on the same chair, his arms still, and the pain in his neck and back just as bad.
Thanks.
Yeah, like… and unboxing ones.
"It’s just a few independent productions coming up in the year. You didn’t hear this from me the same way I didn’t hear this from Kate, but there should be calls for a few auditions soon-ish.”
It’s getting redder.
“That was a joke, right?” Peter says. He pushes a piece of macaroni around with his fork. “I’m just here to meet your new boyfriend.”
There are only three other kids in the playground. Peter runs towards the ladder leading up to the platforms on top of the slides and begins whatever quest he's on for the day.
“Noh, please...”
D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠
“Yeah.” Tony doesn’t bother hiding under his blankets when Steve settles by Peter’s feet, one leg folded on the bed propping up his elbow, a small notebook in hand, no doubt his list of plot points scribbled all over it. “Can you pretend I’m not here? Pretend I’m sleeping, or...um. Pretend like it’s the last time.”
"Well what?"
“Yeah. I guess.”
The same information applies.
Gross.
Peter cracks the door open.
been telling me the truth.”
“Yes, he is.”
They hadn't even been father material by then, not to Tony's standards at least. A day is hardly enough time to get to know a kid of Peter's age. But Tony supposes the miracle of parenthood knows no bounds, and adoptive parents are entitled to an immediate link with their children as much as a naked mother is, skin to skin with her newborn baby.
So Tony looks away. He lets them be enveloped by the darkness, by the semblance of peace offered to them by the late hour, with Peter in his bed, unaware but alive, Tony sitting still with a muddled mind and shaky hands, and Steve standing firm in the shadows, unrelenting, and the words unsaid hanging over them just beyond reach.
Tony laughs. “Well, I guess I have two boys who are responsible and cunning enough to conspire against me and Tommy now. Keep us in check.”
Tony shakes his head and spares a glance at Steve. “Not your fault. He told me what happened.”
“Hey.” Teddy taps Billy’s shoulder so suddenly that Billy almost spills some of his coffee onto his lap. “Woops, sorry. But look, it’s Steve.”
“What?” Tommy says. “Are we having some sort of contest now?”
Do not fucking touch me, Rogers.
“For the record...” There’s scuffling on the other end. Footsteps. Then, Clint’s voice goes low, almost a whisper. “I never encouraged Steve to get a divorce.”
“Hey, she’s my best friend, too!” Tommy approaches Billy and begins to mess his hair up. “And she’s my boss
Steve wakes Tony up from his nap and alerts him of their plan.
“Pigeons do love to coo. It means they’re available for mating.”
He greets Noh-Varr, who is preparing potatoes on Tony’s left, a Merry Christmas, to which Noh-Varr says to have a Happy Christmas back, then Steve drags his feet towards Tony, arms slipping through Tony’s middle from behind. He gives Tony a good slobbering kiss on the cheek and greets him a Merry Christmas.
do you know what Thor's breath smells like in the morning?"
Tony simply hands him the item.
Um, Steven Rogers.
And that effectively plucks Tony out of his stupor. “What?”
“Dad?” Tommy asks.
Peter does and doesn’t understand at the same time.
You didn’t fuck anything up.
Tommy musters up as much energy as he can to tug Tony to the bed.
“Potato pancakes!” Peter squeals, raising both of his hands in excitement. The five-year-old vibrates in his seat as Steve places each ingredient on the kitchen counter.
After they separate, Steve places another kiss on Tony’s nose. “So, how about that lunch?”
It’s now 9:01 PM. Same Location.
“Tony, please,” Tony replies. He makes a beeline towards the coffee pot and pours himself a full mug of black coffee. He inhales the aroma and that in itself is enough to alleviate the headache if only for a little while. Sitting opposite Noh-Varr, he takes a small sip of his drink. “I’m sorry about yesterday.”
Then, a
“I dealt damage too.”
being a soldier, but doing what they do anyway, and then—” Steve clears his throat and shifts in bed. Tony wants to know if he’s inching closer to Peter, or squirming in place, but he doesn’t want to risk moving again. “What I’m trying to say, Pete, is that...I wouldn’t want my life turning out any other way. With you in it, you. My baby. I love you so much.”
Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝                                                                                                         Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅ
It’s not going to kill you.
per se. It’s just that he’s…”
Tony rolls his eyes. “I can hardly breach our contract now, Pete. I’m dating their leader for Christ’s sake.”
Steve, please.
"It's not that, Peter." Steve leans down to kiss Peter on the forehead. "But that's a conversation for another day. How about I tell you a story?"
He checks for the time on his phone: 4:35 in the morning. What time has he even fallen asleep? He remembers having a panic attack, remembers Tommy helping him to his bed. Tommy had even helped him into a change of clothes after washing away the sweat on his skin with a damp washcloth.
I’m sorry I slapped you.
“Yes, well—”
“Hah,” Teddy guffaws.
“Okay…Okay. So, what’s wrong?”
“Tony.”
Some Christmas this is turning out to be. He could go to the gym; let out some of the steam that’s been building up, but he eventually decides against it. He may have the energy to trash his room, but not enough to change his clothes and potentially see another human being.
“Please, do
Bucky’s Log Number 38. Recorded on the 23rd of October 20—
Their tour of the museum ends with them huddled close in the entrance hall, and with Mr. Calloway still thanking them profusely for the meager ten-thousand-dollar check and a few little Captain America trinkets of their own, all of which are from Steve’s life in the 21st century.
Tony’s ready for something, alright.
Tony once told Tommy and his brother about the time he had spent an afternoon with their grandfather back in Sokovia.
“Thanks, Sherlock. That really clears things up for me.”
"Good."
Steve nods and kisses Tony behind his ear. He takes his apron and watches Tony help Peter into his own. “You know you don’t need an apron to help, right?” he teases.
At that moment, he feels like a child. Maybe even wants to be a child again. Just away from all this…crap.
“I know you do…” Steve answered, slightly concerned.
Steve furrowed his brow, looking off into the distance for a moment before shaking his head and looking back at Tony. “What's our plan for today?”
“So, are you ready to see your baby now?” Dr. Banner asked, question slightly masked by the still vibrant heart beat.
“Ok, I’ll take the food. What did you bring anyway?”
alpha is like?”
“You don’t have to move in,” Tony assured. “If you think it’s too much, I get it. But… I was just… Cora really needs to start sleeping in a bed and I don’t know how to do things halfway and all of the apartments looked too
After hanging up his coat, he followed Steve into the kitchen.
“Deal with it! Bad things happen to really good people sometimes, but you can’t just shut down and give up. Where do you think I would be with that attitude? I lost everything and everyone but if I can still get up and live my life, you can too.”
For some reason, Steve’s words ripped a hearty laugh out of Tony. He could tell at this point that the blond wasn’t so much interested in actually finding out what had Tony feeling down, so much as he was just trying to make the man feel better, and he genuinely appreciated it. For the first time in days, Tony didn’t have to pretend to be anything other than himself. Even as a wallowing mess, this guy still seemed to sincerely want to talk to Tony, and something about that felt comforting.
“No!” Tony gasped, then continued to squirm when Steve started tickling him again. “I-it’s not funny!”
The second their match was over, and Midtown High was deemed to be the opposing team for DeWitt in the final, Steve turned to smile wide at Tony. It was then, when Tony slipped up and let his mind have a second’s rest, that question finally snuck out.
Bucky rolled his eyes but quickly moved to the floor. Tony watched in amazement as Bucky moved like lightning. In what seemed like seconds, Cora was changed, and giggling like nothing ever happened.
“Oh gosh, don't even worry about it. I uh...I should probably head home,” Steve spoke, looking for his keys.
Bucky smiled brightly. “I thought you’d never ask.”
“Is it ok if I…” Tony lifted up the small box and shook it, indicating he wanted to open it.
“Look, guys, I’m sorry. I really appreciate the offer to help but really, I’ll be ok. So, why are you all here, anyway?” Steve asked, realizing that he hadn’t asked his friends over to begin with.
Natasha quickly pulled the blond behind her through the store, warding off any employees who asked if they needed any help as they made their way to the items that they apparently came to look at.
He wandered through the kitchen, trying to figure out where everything was and what he could bring to Steve while they waited for another wave to hit. Tony had no clue what he was doing here or what this meant for the two of them, but only one thought ran through his mind for the rest of the evening.
“Of course it’s okay, babe. I’ll be over in fifteen.”
"Boy or girl, we're gunna have a little baby Mason...I like it!"
Steve just gave a sigh.
Tony’s heart stopped immediately at the question.
Tony couldn’t even stop the bark of laughter that he let out at that.
A large smile spread on Steve’s face at that. He gave a small nod to Natasha, before they stepped out of the car to head towards the doctor’s office. It didn’t take long after checking in for Steve to be seen by his doctor, a short woman named Dr. Foster.
It was moments like this that Tony couldn’t figure out how he’d gotten so lucky. He could see right through Steve, who was obviously crushed about this, but he was putting on a brave face and trying to stay positive for Tony’s sake.
“I don’t think he needs to be yelled at. I’ve
“Fuck off, Tony. You want to stand there and pretend that you’re doing this as some kind of self-sacrificing act. As if you’re doing me a favor by letting go of whatever...this was, when in reality, you’re just a coward.”
"The only problem here,
Standing there, Tony could see the hurt pass over Steve face then turn to nothing but anger.
“That would be the one.”
“Actually, I’m her dad.”
With Steve working earlier and Tony meeting up with his friends for breakfast, they figured they didn’t have enough time for their usual museum and late lunch, so Steve invited the brunet over for movies.He was all to happy for the change in plans until he came to find out they’d be watching horror movies. Tony tried to play it cool, as if horror movies didn't scare the shit out of him. People always assumed since he was a genius he’d know better than to be afraid of some so seemingly harmless, and yet, here he was, pretty much hiding behind his hands and the blanket that he was sitting under throughout the entirety of
The two of them finally made their way out to get breakfast. Though Steve felt as though he’d gotten a huge weight off his chest, there was still one more person he needed to tell before he felt that he could truly come to terms with his new found feelings.
Tony just smiled, opening the door for him. “Why yes, my love, we are in fact going ice skating at Rockefeller Center.” He barely got the words out before Steve all but tackled him in a kiss.
"I was thinking of going to my place tonight. I kind of miss my bed and all of my stuff."
“Damn you for being such a quick learner.”
Bucky looked at the blond for a moment, slightly confused before fully realizing what Steve was trying to say.
The text from Steve read. Tony sometimes couldn’t handle how adorably sappy the omega was, but it always made him grow impossibly more attached to him. After his talk with Carol, Tony had began to think a little harder about his feelings for Steve. He figured he owed it not only to himself but to their baby as well to be honest about the fact that he was falling in love with the man who was carrying his child. He wanted to pretend as though he had any control over it, and that this wasn’t the case, but with every passing day, it became clearer and clearer.
“You mean to tell me I've been forced to wake up next to shit like this,” Tony gestured toward a crocheted turtle pillow “for no reason other than the fact that you’re an asshole?”
The blond thought on Tony’s words for a moment, before shaking his head and reaching down to grab his things.
“And what’s so funny?” Tony asked.
“You’re wearing your glasses,” Steve noted.
As he slowly walked back into the office, he stopped at Tony’s desk.
“Oh, well I wanted to bring Sprocket by; I figured you should have him. Plus every time my bots see him, they assume you’re coming by the workshop so they get excited and I end up having to play fetch with them. It’s a whole thing,” Tony said rubbing the back of his neck.
“Table for three,” Tony was already saying when Steve and Cora entered the restaurant. “There’s a birthday girl,” he whispered, unbeknownst to Steve.
“Never call me that again.”
“You’re the billionaire, and you’re asking
“Well everything good in my life gets taken from me, and Pepper’s no different. I did a lot of things I’m not proud of before this came along…”
“Ahh, well...yes and no,” Tony answered rubbing the back of his neck, “I always figure I’m a pain in the ass pretty much every other day of the year, so I might as well throw a party to thank those around me for having to deal with my bull shit. That doesn’t work so well if I also make those same people run the show so I can sit back and relax.”
“Yeah. I mean it’s nice to know you exist outside of the bar,” Steve responded around a laugh.
“Great question, Ty! It was a matter of just connecting to that bot. Since I had no clue the code was stolen, I didn’t have JARVIS looking out for any new machines to connect to. Thank you, by the way, for pointing out that glaring oversight. From now on, I’ll have JARVIS constantly checking for new machines running my code.”
Tony pouted as he nodded ‘okay’.
“Steve, you literally just told me about how some geese tried to chase you down while you were feeding them when you were four. That’s hardly a near death experience.”
Steve slowly walked over to the table, with a look of confusion on his face.
Tony waved off the apology. “It’s fine, there’s no way you’d have known without me saying as much. It’s just...things were really bad back when I drank and I really don’t ever want to get back to that place again. But I also don’t want my sobriety to be something that gets in the way of me living my life so I decided a long time ago that I’d work to be able to spend time around alcohol and drinking without feeling the need to partake. I usually just drink soda water with a lime and people are none the wiser.”
Tony presses his back to the door even more. He bites his lip then looks up at Steve. "Hey…"
“You can say that again. It’s a miracle we got a table to ourselves.”
“Well, I’m not scared. And he’s going to have to do more than make me hate your exes if he’s trying to turn me against you. That’s doing the complete opposite.”
Tony takes Steve’s hand in his and places it close to his lips. “It’s your first time here too. We understand.”
“Tommy’s fine.”
"Aren't I too old for bedtime stories?"
“I already knew about you,” Steve says, bashful. “And I didn’t wanna scare Tony away because I was too insistent on meeting his son—”
“Uncle Pietro isn’t twe—oh…
Upon reaching the floor above, he runs to the attic door.
No, I—
Steve places an arm around Tony. “Always.”
Steve eyes him but does not speak. He only offers his hand to Tony.
Steve raises an eyebrow, smiling knowingly at the rest of his friends. Sam places a firm arm on Tony's shoulder, mirroring Steve's smile, before heading over to Bucky to give him a quick kiss.
“You sure he’s our age?”
That. That had been what made a half-empty bed feel like a burden.
He shoos Steve away as he steps into the shower.
“What? What am I doing?” Steve looks at Tony, eyes hauntingly blue. His lips are drawn to a slight frown, a slight
peers with his sons. And it’s all a jumbled mess in his head. Too many variables, too many of them ever-changing. No equation to count on, no constant, no nothing.
“I was just…” He points his thumb in the general direction of their house while the other hand is hidden behind his back. He moves to pull the said hand out. “Here.”
Steve takes a big gulp of his coffee and answers, “I joined the military not long after. Quit after a year. Then I pursued art.”
Teddy agrees and is now seated beside Billy with coffee of his own.
"Huh."
He bolts up.
suggested. We’re not sure… how…
"Yes, Steve?"
Steve goes to their en suite bathroom and fills up a cup he finds on the sink with tap. Going back to his position beside Tony, he gets to work.
“Dad,” Tommy whispers.
“Do you like it?” Tommy asks as they separate.
“Is he a
Tony Stark.
“I want to protect you, Pop-pop.”
“Expecting is a...uh, strong word,” Tony replies. “Please don’t tell anyone.”
"Er…" Peter looks at the eyebrows raised at him. "I think we can all agree that waking up from my coma is the best gift I've gotten."
He’s usually appalled by alarms, especially the loud ones that never seems to stop talking in their slightly electronic voice, informing Tony of the time, the temperature, the weather, and his schedule for the day. That alarm, he usually ignores.
“I’d rather hold your hand if that’s okay.”
Peter wipes the sweat on his forehead with the same hand gripping his fork. “This is getting ridiculous,” he says, avoiding his dad’s gaze.
Billy and Tommy each get a new waterproof watch Tony has had a hand in making and a new travel bag (a red one for Billy and a green one for Tommy). Tony had also gotten them each individual, more personal gifts. For Billy are new golden fountain pens with his initials engraved onto the casing, while Tommy gets—
“You can’t possibly be surprised that we looked you up.” The clacking of Billy’s keyboard echoes in the large space.
like strawberries and syrup. Tony considers this theory both accurate and precise.
Tony closes his eyes but cannot immediately fall asleep. He twists and turns and sits up then lies back down.
Fuck you.
Tony gets up, and they both stand in the darkness for a long time.
Steve blinks a few times before sitting up. He rubs his eyes as he stretches his back and yawns. “Wanted t’surprise you.”
“You used to,” Billy says.
D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆
—hes as the evil father scra—
“For what it’s worth, I am sorry.”
“Nat got me a bracelet,” Steve tells Tony, but it’s loud enough for the rest of the household to hear. “Clint bought me a gag gift that—”
“We kinda do, Dad,” Billy chimes in.
Yeah, Scott?
More scuffling. Tony can hear muffled voices, footsteps. Then, it settles down.
Billy eyes him curiously. “Something tells me you can tell us apart without all that anyway,” he says before leaving the room.
"What?"
“Dear, Peter,” Steve says, and it takes Tony a while to realize that he’s reading from a piece of paper. It crinkles under Steve’s fingers. “I decided almost immediately that I was going to write you letters every day. Call me old-fashioned, but I can’t leave my angel just like that, not when the last words I told you as your father were ‘stay home, Pete.’ And the actual words I last told you were something of a similar but harsher nature. It’s a little embarrassing, as your Pop and then as Captain America, that you didn’t even do as I had said.” Steve chuckles bitterly. “But that’s not on you. I see that now.
He moves on to Steve’s suit, new prototypes for his shield, Clint’s arrows. Hell, even a new gun for Rocket in case they make their way back to Earth.
“I don’t give a shit if you’re naked, Dad,” Tommy replies.
He’s happy. And Noh has been so good to him, has been nothing like what they said he would be. That should be enough of a reason for a little indulgence, a little selfishness, right?
“No, it’s—” Steve sighs and places the certificates back inside the envelope. He takes out the photos next, all three of them, and inspects them closely.
Billy hits him with a pillow.
E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝
So Steve does all the talking.
“No,” Tommy says. “No, this isn’t—I’m...I should be the one apologizing.” He lifts his head up to look into Tony’s eyes.
with you lately?”
Sorry, Cap.
"Peter's checkup and the first part for his powers' assessment. Shuri tells me it shouldn't take long. Maybe the whole morning?"
Tony grabs on to Rhodey as the other man wobbles, struggling to stand. He lifts Rhodey up to a straighter position but sits him back down on the spare bed when he realizes he doesn’t have much strength himself. “You’re early,” he manages to say to Steve.
“It’s a modest display,” says Mr. Calloway, the museum’s curator. “Did what we could with what’s given. But that’s all about to change now, thanks to your donations, Mr. and Mr. Stark-Rogers.”
“Why not?”
“Well, I have this grater,” Steve says as he holds the item up, “and I’m going to—” He mimes shredding the potato over the grater and Peter watches, curious. “It’s gonna turn the potatoes into tiny little shreds, so we can shape them into…?”
“That was what you told me last year.”
Billy steps forward and stands in front of Tommy to keep his brother from entering the room. “Do you have a concussion?”
"Steve?"
“I’ll tell them I’m seeing someone.”
"Are we all comfortable?" Steve asks, as Peter climbs into the bed with them. He lays himself between his dad and his pops, and revels in the way their arms are tightly pressed against his own.
Steve turns to look at Tony, and Tony looks back. When Tony nods, Steve continues.
“They’re gonna wanna see and know what it is." Tony crosses his arms over his chest and grumbles, "And I'm passionate about all my projects. They just all involve work in some way.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony closes his hands into fists. He brings them to his forehead as he let out a disgruntled sound. “It’s not about him being a
Steve mostly smiles in his photos, small shy ones when he’s posing for them and larger, more genuine smiles when he isn’t aware of the camera.
Tony cocks his head to the side. “It’s okay. You can take it.”
“No,” Tony says immediately. “I mean, planning for a trip like this takes time. And I’m gonna have to arrange something with NYU so that my classes don’t suffer from me being gone for a bit. I was thinking we could do it in the summer, but I don’t want us to deal with heat waves—”
“Look, Pete,” Steve says. He waves the last photograph in front of the boy’s face. “It’s Pop-pop as a baby. With Nana and Dada."
She’s the only other person in the building.
Billy smiles. Perhaps they are to make an ally out of distrust yet.
“And like I said, it’s not really a choice. We didn’t have a choice, not after meeting you. So it’s not unlike an unplanned pregnancy, and I thought I’d be more reluctant, you know? Because of what I said, not having my pa with me growing up, being a soldier—um,
seeing someone. Someone new. A b—guy. A
“He’s healing like Steve,” Natasha said earlier that day after the doctors and nurses had assessed and reassessed both Peter’s and Tony’s physical and mental conditions. It’s embarrassing how quickly they go in and out of the room, leaving no time for Tony to collect his bearings and to internalize what had just been said to him, and statements like
“Tie or no tie?”
He lifts an arm over his head and tries to feel for the phone on the bed behind him, but his hand is shaking too much. He loses the power to hold onto anything as his fingers dance around his sheets, then his hand falls onto the floor inelegantly. “Dad.”
"No, you're right. Having your dick up my butt immunes you from all your responsibilities. If only all my ex-partners had known. They would have gotten away with tax evasion and stealing government secrets."
—while he puts on the loose knitted sweatshirt Billy got for him from one of his trips. It’s made from a multi-colored thread of red, black and gold. It’s almost reminiscent of Christmas sweaters but without the holiday cheer and none of the ‘ugly’ aspect usually attached to them. It’s sleek and stylish—for an old guy—and does it’s job keeping Tony warm.
Stay there.
You’re dating the
“You don’t have to—”
“Peter’s a Super Soldier?” Rhodey asks, alarmed.
“You said you were going to tell him, Tom.”
for accommodating us so warmly, Mr. Calloway,” Tony says. “I know our visit is on such short notice. But I hope our requests haven’t been a bother?”
The door opens.
"Oh, um…how did you know?"
His sleep has been dreamless, and while he feels rested, a small throbbing ache settles on his temples.
“Dad, that’s hardly my concern—”
No, you don’t.
your dad.”
"Sweetie."
“This whole Christmas thing, it’s because he’s coming over, right? Grandpa just can’t not be here for nothing.”
“No, I don’t, Steve.”
Tony grips the steering wheel, his knuckles turning white. “Um...about that.”
"It's our friends." It's the photo of his parents, arm in arm, enjoying each other's company as nothing else mattered. "It's laughter in the tower. It's… the moments that define us."
Victor, on the other hand, had been forbidden to see Tony for the day. What that was about, Tony didn’t know. Probably to clean himself off of any influence from Victor even for just a few hours. God knows they had all needed that back then.
“Love you, too, Dad. And stop working.”
No one else was available.
Tony gasps exaggeratedly. "Steve, are you suggesting we have sex in front of the Accords Commitee?"
Tommy kisses his brother on the cheek, which Billy subsequently wipes off with a gloved hand.
Steve freezes in place, his shoulders rising and his breath hitching. "Yes?"
Steve removes his hand on Tony, and Tony almost stops him, already missing the heat of Steve’s palm grounding him. “I’m not trying to encourage anything. But Tommy could just be—”
“I’m sorry?”
"You said something about those 5-in-1 bottles."
hate her? Why not just
"You can put your clothes there, Pete," Steve calls out from the outside. "Should be a lot of room."
“Tony.”
“You’re here.”
Steve squeezes Tony and places a soft kiss on his jaw. "What's for breakfast?"
“If it’s any consolation, I’ve never thought of Tommy whenever we have—”
So he and Teddy sit at a Starbucks as they wait for a better time to come home.
“I’ve never heard of a Noh-varr,” muses Billy. “Have you met him, Tommy?”
Tony covers his face with both of his hands.
Tony purses his lips into a flat straight line. He blows a raspberry in the air as he crosses his arms over his chest defensively. He stares at the surface of his coffee, and says, “when I met Tommy’s other father—his
hate her, I guess. If you’re trying to compare Lisa to my relationships, Tommy, I don’t think now’s the time—”
“Dad,” Tommy says, an air of frustration in his tone. “Listen. You don't have to go straight home. I know it gets lonely sometimes. With Billy coming and going, and I’m far away, and we can’t always call you. But—why don’t you hang out with friends? I get it, your schedules don’t always line up, but. God, do yoga. Go to a pottery class. Just something else. You don’t always have to drown yourself in work just to pass the time.”
"Not a genius for nothing."
“Oh, okay,” Clint says. And, much to Tony’s surprise, he feels somewhat relieved to hear that voice.
Tony had only smiled at Steve.
Body suddenly feeling ten times heavier, Billy crawls under the duvet. He isn’t sure which had taken more out of him that day, all the walking he had done or how much looking Steve up had brought about unwanted memories. As he lays his head on his pillow, the softness of it dragging him towards the edge of sleep, he tells himself, “Dad deserves to be happy too,” and he closes his eyes. “I want him to be happy.”
“I already told you, Tony. Your sons are not going to scare me away—”
H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕    Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘
If how his boys have turned out is indicative of anything, it’s that Tony is enough. Maybe he hadn’t been for a while. But they’re well past that. And for the now, there are only new, different relationships to build.
The important bits, I guess.
What do you mean?
Tommy prepares a glass of water for Noh-Varr. He sets it on the table in front of him after making a beeline for the coffee pot.
Listen—
Tony leans up to kiss Steve on the forehead. “It means they like you.”
Steve shakes his head as he opens the gift from the couple in question. “Holy shit,” Steve exclaims. He gently holds a new set of paintbrushes as if they’re made of precious gems. “These are crazy expensive. They’re made out of
“He really isn’t.”
"The Young Master has always wanted you to be proud of him. So much so that he forgets simply having him as your son would have been enough."
designed. With his initials embossed.”
Billy trips but immediately regains his balance. He tries to reach for Tommy over Tony’s shoulder, but Tony pushes them away from each other before an actual fight could start. Tommy sticks out his tongue at his brother as Billy flips him the bird. Tony can’t help but feel giddy at the sight, seeing his boys act like kids again.
“I—don’t understand.”
“Eager,” Teddy muses.
He pokes his head through and sees a woman.
Steve’s throat constricts. His knees are shaking, about to buckle under him, but he doesn’t fall. Not with Peter in his hands.
Tony crosses his arms. “I knew you’d say that. But no.”
I—oh hey, Sam.
“I haven’t opened it yet,” Tony admits. He doesn’t notice his hands are shaking until Steve holds them still. He looks at Steve and gulps.
“Your voice. Birds.”
Of course, he doesn’t wanna see me.
Peter sinks lower into the bed, settling snuggly under the covers, surrounded by his dads' warmth. "What kind of story?"
"It's not a problem, Tony. My brother would have showed you Steve's room himself, but he's a little preoccupied at the moment."
That last one has Steve and Tony looking at the camera, smiles abound, the biggest Billy has seen from Steve so far, a tinge of red on his cheeks and ears. Tony has one hand on Steve’s shoulder and the other is giving a thumbs up.
“I think you should do the recording yourself next time,” Sam says from beside him.
“Some water would be nice. I had to run halfway through New York. I might be coming down with a cold.”
"I love you very much."
“Hello?” Tommy tries.
“There’s what?” Tony asks.
Tony greets back, putting his weight on Steve for a moment and enjoying Steve’s warmth, while keeping an eye on the french toast he has on the pan. He asks Steve to go grab their gifts and place them under the Christmas tree, to which Steve obliges, but not before giving Tony a full, wet kiss on the lips. Steve has already brushed his teeth, and Tony can only really be amused.
Peter heads to the door that—yes, does indeed lead to the walk-in closet. It's large. Larger than the one his parents have in the tower. There's a bathroom on the other end. Fancier than the one in the tower. If Peter were any more materialistic than he actually is, he would genuinely consider moving permanently to Wakanda.
Tony holds a finger up to Steve's lips. "Wonders of technology. And a few willing people to help me with my gift for my lovely husband."
“You sap.”
It's not helping.
I go to sleep with grime on my face.
but. She wasn’t the best person—”
There's a crick in Tony's neck and a soreness to his back—
"Tony, no. It's… it's alright."
“You’re here, aren’t you?”
Teddy closes the laptop and sets it on his side table. He coaxes Billy to lie down and drags the blanket over him.
It’s not like—
"Yeah." Tony drums his fingers on the back of Steve's hand in thought. "I said something like...not dismissing Clint's washing regimen in the future?"
Steve gets in the bed first, having been clad in his pajamas already, then Tony. Steve hands him an extra blanket, thicker than the one over their feet.
Tony brings his knees up to his chest. “Well, I can’t just say,
Okay.
Okay.
“I did.” Steve had thought he would have a harder time sleeping in an old queen-sized bed with another fully grown adult and a child in it, but he got a solid two hours out of it. “Enough for now.”
“Holy. Shit. Never change, J,” Rhodey says from behind Tony’s shoulder, while Tony laughs and shakes his head in disbelief.
“There we go,” Steve says. “Breathe. Just like that.”
“You didn’t. What do you remember?”
Tony snorts. "Sure, Steve. You were saying something about breakfast?"
“‘For when Dad makes you sleep on the floor,’” Steve reads aloud.
know what’s best for everyone.
“I know.”
They embrace, tight.
“I was about to tell you,” Tommy says.
Tony chuckles. “Nice to meet you too, um...”
—tches the skin of the kind one, and watches as the kind father drowns himself in alcohol, his own vices, in other men, in other women, because he hates the man he has married and wishes different things for himself and wishes different thing̵̙͑̈͛̊͊͠͝ for the child and wishes the fire has consumed him instead he wishes to die, wishes to escape, but is tied to the world because of a child that is helpless and loved and weak and nurtured and frail and spoiled and lost and found and broken and pieced back together and shattered again and kept safe and stayed in danger and screaming and singing and fighting and playing and smiling and frowning and flying and swimming and hurting and laughing and crying and screaming and singing and fighting and playing and smiling and frowning and flying and swimming and hurting and laughing and crying ǎ̸̡͖̐͗̔͋͝n̴̪͙̑́͗͜d screaming and singing and fighting and playing and smiling and frowning and flying and swimming and hurting and laughing and crying and screaming and singing and fighting and playing and smiling and frowning and flying and swimming and hurting and laughing and crying and screaming and singing and fighting and playing and smiling and frowning and flying and swimming and hurting and laughing and crying and screaming and singing and fighting and playing and smiling and frowning and flying and swimming and hurting and laughing and crying and screaming and singing and fighting and playing and smiling and frowning and flying and swimming and hurting and laughing and crying and screaming and singing and fighting and playing and smiling and frowning and flying and swimming and hurting and laughi̵̧̩͖̮̹͈̲̯̿̉͑̓̕͝n̶̢̧̪̩̺̥͙̪̍͊̍̔͋g and crying and running away into the arms of another he comes to know as Wade who he grows to hate then to like then to love who makes love to him who fucks him who kisses him who fights with him about the dumbest things who apologizes who sings to him who takes care of him who helps take care of his kind father who wants to kill his evil father but does not because wade is not evil and wade is not like his evil father wade is kind and wade is the one he wants to marry even after all the deat̴̛͓̣̑͒̓͆̏̿ḩ̶̧̙͉͔̤̻̭̊͒͊̕ ̷̨̪̜͚̘̭̗́̈̈̿̚̚and divorce and after the fights and he sees wade in the altar and he walks to the altar and he sees wade laughing and smiling and crying and dancing and eating  and he sees little children in their new home caught in a fire because of no one’s own fault it burns evERYONE AND PETER SCREAMS BUT NOT FOR HIMSELF HE SCREAMS FOR HIS HUSBAND AND HE SCREAMS FOR HIS CHILDREN HIS CHILDREN HIS CHILDREN HIS CHILDREN HIS CHILDREN ARE DEAD THEYRE DEAD PETER AND IT’S ALL TOUR FAULT YOUR FAULT YOUR FAULT YOUR FAULT YOUR FAULT AND HESCREAMHES̶͉̑̉͂͋̎͑Ç̵̦̹͗͆̃̐͝R̷̯̳̺͚͔͙̈́̓̊͂͒̋͊͘EAMSHESCREAMSHESCREAMSHESCREAMSHESCREAMSHESCREAMSHESCREAMSHESCREAMSHESCREAMSHESCREAMSHESCREAMSHESCREAMSHESCREAMSHESCREAMSHESCREAMHESCRẸ̶̡̛͉̠̭̟͍̔͗͋̉̃̀̊̅̾͘͝͠A̷̢̬̟͕̱̖̯̮̣̪͖̝͑̓̈́̐́͑̈́̂͜ͅM̶̧̥͖̖̤͖̲̜͌̓̎̌̎̾̓͠SBECAUSEHECANDONOTHINGSFORTHEHOUSET̴̛̜̮͈̥̈́̾͋͆̉͑͆̄́͒̎̈̍͝H̸̢̛̠͉̲̦̼̫̳̳̜̮͈͓̏̄̾̽̍̈́̓͒̚͠Ë̸̠̟͙̭́̈́̈́̂̉̓̍̓̚ͅY̸̗̠̿͛́̅̕̚̚͠HAVEBUILTBECAUSEHESAFAILUREWHOHURTHISOWNFATHERANDHURTHISOWNCHILDRENANDHURTTHEPEOPLETHATHELOVESFROMNOTHINGASITCRASHESDOWNDEVOUREDBYSMOKEBUTHISCHILDRENDONOTENDINTHEARMSOFDIFFERENTPEOPLEBȨ̷̢̼͇͕̥͖͚̤͇̫͓̖͇̎͂̅̎̾̉̍̃̈́͘͠͝͠Ç̶͍͚̬̞͍̮̭̎̄A̶̙̺̟̅͛̐̐͊̈́͜Ụ̶̢͉̰̠̯͎̣̫̼͙̙̘̌͊͆̏͋̓̒͌͆̀̔̉̾S̵̰͂Ẽ̸̝̜̥̩̙̺̽͜H̶̨̟̻̤̣̱̺͋̇͑͑̊̀͜͝İ̷̳͎̝̼̗̗̮͖S̶̛͍̟̲̘͍̐̋̔͛͐̆̽̃̅͆̆̕̚̚Ç̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅA̸̛̹̫̥͚̫̱̥̭͑̍͊̾̒̾̋̎̔͜ͅR̶̢͉͈̩͚̲͎͔̬̗̬̳̼͒Ĕ̴̜̱̏͋̏͒͝D̴͕̪̟̟̘͙̘̝̤̩̭͉̫̿̂̊̏͛̊̚̚͝ͅR̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅA̸̛̹̫̥͚̫̱̥̭͑̍͊̾̒̾̋̎̔͜ͅR̶̢͉͈̩͚̲͎͔̬̗̬̳̼͒Ĕ̴̜̱̏͋̏͒͝D̴͕̪̟̟̘͙̘̝̤̩̭͉̫̿̂̊̏͛̊̚̚͝ͅHELPE̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅA̸̛̹̫̥͚̫̱̥̭͑̍͊̾̒̾̋̎̔͜ͅR̶̢͉͈̩͚̲͎͔̬̗̬̳̼͒Ĕ̴̜̱̏͋̏͒͝D̴͕̪̟̟̘͙̘̝̤̩̭͉̫̿̂̊̏͛̊̚̚͝ͅHELPE̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝
