John looked back at the shoes. “
The mantle on the living room was decorated with more photographs, the new symbols from John’s phone were enlarged for Sherlock to decipher. The detective decoded each symbol, every symbol corresponded to different numbers. Sherlock stood back, eyeing all the evidence they managed to acquire and ran the numbers through his head.
Soo Lin nodded. “I was 15. My parents were dead. I have no livelihood. No way of surviving, day to day, except to work for the bosses.”
. Pain.
John looked back at Sally and rolled his eyes. “
Sherlock rolled his eyes and ruffled his curls as he walked across the room. “How is that any of my business. I don’t care if it’s the Prime Minister or the Queen of England coming over for a cup of tea. I’m not seeing anyone!” He shouted. “I’m not wasting my time on a nobody when my time is much more valuable. Send the stupid idiot away and leave me alone!” Sherlock shouted even louder.
The detective lowered his book again. “You want me to go with you next time? Why?”
Phase 1: Rebellion against the government.
John scoffed at Sherlock’s words as he managed to slip a hand from the ropes holding him down.
John picked up an abandoned gun and shot the man, ending the man’s misery of being burned alive.
Hello lovely readers, here’s the next chapter. I just wanted to remind everyone that John is mute, so his dialogue will be
Sherlock was not expecting that answer and for a second, he found that quite… sentimental? “Oh, you’re too romantic.” He paced the room. “Jennifer Wilson is trying to tell us something.”
A slow and painful death yet wonderful when used on the enemy. Before Sherlock emerged from behind the pillar; the Alpha sniffed the air and flared his nostrils, he recognized the scent of another vampire nearby. With another sniff, Sherlock rolled his eyes and faced the entrance to the train station and saw Sally Donovan reaching for her gun.
The Omega boy barely heard the words being said to him and absently nodded in his brother’s direction, barely catching a joke that his brother made about him. The boy nonchalantly took a few steps away from Mycroft to get a better look at the stranger and Sherlock whimpered like an affectionate puppy seeking attention.
Shan took the shot when the detective came out of his hiding spot and knocked over a trash can, darkening the place.
Moran snorted. “Be smart, Mr Holmes.”
John gave him a tight smile while Sherlock glared at the man in hatred. Lestrade broke Sherlock’s concentration on Anderson. “You know, you could help us properly and I’ll stand them down.”
John’s eye twitched, the very air that Sherlock possessed was equivalent to meeting death for the first time.
Sherlock eyed John again. “Oh yes, of course.”
The detective didn’t finish his last words for a chair was flying his direction. Sherlock ducked in time, sparing himself from meeting of the cold touch of the wooden chair. Then John grabbed another chair and threw it to Sherlock, this time the detective couldn’t duck in time and the chair bonked the side of his head. Sherlock was disoriented for a bit but he remained harmless, “Wait. Wait. Please, I’m not here to cause any trouble.”
John wanted to confirm that Sherlock and him weren’t a couple but the detective began talking as he saw Anderson. “Ah, Anderson. Here we are again.”
The detective faced John and Lestrade before he answered the call, staying quiet for a few seconds before he softly said, “Hello.”
The blond scratched his eyebrow as he listened to the detective and his broken sentences but tried to interrupt Sherlock. Apparently, the detective didn’t let him speak, so Sherlock continued to ramble on.
Soo Lin smiled in return and leaned forward, capturing John’s lips in a benevolent kiss. She lingered a bit as she pried John’s mouth open, which John gladly reciprocated. John held onto her hips as Soo Lin pressed herself against John.
Liz angrily faced John. “Everyone’s got debts and Westie wouldn’t want to clear them by selling out his country.”
It wasn’t his fault that he thought this way, the influence and beliefs came from his childhood experience. At a young age, Sherlock believed that Alphas, Omegas, and Betas were treated and respected the same way. In accordance to that belief, Sherlock’s parents always dealt with one another with care and respect.
“Is there?”
“Of course. Of course, he wants information. He’s trying to communicate with his people in the underworld. Whatever was stolen, he wants it back. It’s somewhere here, in a code.” Sherlock pointed at a photograph.
Sherlock stood tall, looking at his group and deducing their thoughts in three seconds. Sherlock ignored the loud questions thrown his way and walked towards the spot where a lovely puddle of John’s blood glimmered underneath the moonlight. Sherlock pressed his nimble fingers against the still freshly damp essence that gave John Watson the precious gift of life and rubbed the beautifully colored liquid between his fingertips.
He’s been on the sweeties for years until he met a Beta by name of Greg Lestrade. Sherlock had been passing by a crime scene and noticed a small element that obviously gave away who killed the victim but clearly no one was taking notice of it. Sherlock approached Greg and told the detective inspector who killed the victim and went into a broad explanation as to how he knew.
“Two and a half.”
The detective rested his chin on the violin. “I’d like to see you try.”
John laughed as he reached the top. “
Sherlock lifted his hands up to show he meant no harm, “Before you jump to conclusions, I came here to- “
“Yes. Meaning…”
The detective looked at their surroundings. “Somebody doesn’t want me to see it.”
John bit down on his tongue and took the pain, shutting his eyes closed and not daring to give Jim the satisfaction of hearing him in pain.
The detective eyed the yellow book standing against the door, the pages were wet. “Its been here since Monday.”
Once Sherlock saw John enter the car with Mycroft, he went over the conversation he had with his brother and wondered if he was growing feelings for the blond. A buzz from his phone caught his attention and as expected, Lestrade had a new case and needed the detective’s help. Sherlock grabbed his coat and left the flat.
The blond looked at the case and remembered all the information collected at the crime scene and the only logically answer would be, “
It was him. It was John.
Sherlock coveted John’s body and soul, he desired every single cell roaming throughout John’s body to be irrevocably his. The submission of John’s love was a worthy trophy that pushed Sherlock to do anything in order to be the winner of John’s palpating bleeding heart. Already signing the fidelity of Sherlock’s love to John; it was up to Sherlock to isolate John from his family, murder every single person connected to him.
The message simply being that Sherlock would be the only one in control.
The Omega grunted in anger and ripped off Sherlock’s sleeves, confirming his conclusion that the Alpha was a junkie and Sherlock must have overdosed on heroin.
” Sherlock said shakily, his voice was on the verge of trembling when he swallowed down his saliva and tried calling out John’s name again.
. Sherlock hasn’t had a case in weeks, well to be accurate, months. He’s been home everyday waiting for Lestrade to text him about a new case or show up at his flat to deliver any kind of news but nothing came.
Sherlock chuckled and took a few steps forward. “Brought you a little getting to know present. That’s what its been for, isn’t it? All your little puzzles, making me dance. All to distract me from this.”
Sherlock smirked, lifting an eyebrow and eyeing John.
“Well then, keep expecting walls.”
John unashamedly answered the question. “
The detective wrapped his scarf around his neck and left the flat, grumbling underneath his breath as he hailed a taxi. He entered the vehicle and headed towards the crime scene.
The screens went black, everything went quiet until the sounds of angry shouts were making their way towards John and Sherlock’s ears.
The rain was constantly beating over Sherlock, soaking through the Alpha’s curls and drenching his attire. The vampire’s raven curls were swaying against the wind, trickles of water were cascading down his face and dripping down towards his exposed fangs. Sherlock looked at the building before him and saw James Sholto, another death dealer who was a vampire.
John quickly remembered reading something about these familiar suicides. “
John writes down the customer’s order and signals with his hand if the man wanted to eat here.
The woman ended the call and sat waiting in her car, praying to whoever Sherlock was, to solve the puzzle.
“Oh, I volunteered.” Anderson noticed John. “Hey cutie.”
Spock weighed out his options and responded, “Dr Watson, there are actual documents stating the existence of Richard Brook. All these documents are legal and have not been tampered with, although I do believe that you are telling the truth but you lack physical evidence of the accusation that you’re presenting. I do agree that with your awakening, you may have damaged a part of your brain that modifies your stored memories into memories that could be false and you are susceptible to remembering incorrect data which causes you to believe that this man is Jim Moriarty.”
Day 2 // Candy canes. 12 days of fic mas 2016
‘‘What if someone comes in and tries to take you away? You are not yourself yet’’ John protested even as he let Sherlock remove his shoes and trousers.
‘‘Alright then’’ Harry said, getting up to put her plate in the sink. ‘‘This non-alcoholic party is gonna rock’’ she continued without any emotion.
Sherlock removed his jacket, hips still rolling against John ‘‘My pole dance instructor’’
John sighed, ‘‘I don’t want to do this for an experiment’’ He tried to sound resolute and managed only just.
‘‘Oh, Sherlock’’ John sighed, looking at the syringes all over the kitchen, the science equipment that seemed to have doubled and the complete absence of eatable food. He pushed his shoulders back, raising his chin, and walked over to Sherlock.
‘‘Oh, I’m quite dead’’ Mycroft smiled, folding his hands on his lap, looking around the room – the same Victorian room that Sherlock made his own when he tried to investigate the murder of Amelia Riccoletti. ‘‘I’m always impressed by your attention to detail in your mind palace’’
(See the end of the chapter for
‘‘The original idea was that Mary Watson – or Agra, as you call her – would be placed in your lives for the soul purpose of manipulating both of you into an inevitable estrangement. But you, Dr. Watson, frustrated their plans’’ Mycroft smiled sardonically ‘‘He couldn’t just kill you, John, because that would turn you into a martyr in Sherlock’s eyes and go against his goal. No, he had to turn you into a monster’’
There was a pause, and even through the glass Sherlock could see Robert’s smile vanishing. ‘‘
John shook his head, debating his options. Honesty or evasion? ‘‘I prefer someone who likes me’’ Honesty it is, then.
‘‘John’’
Sherlock hugged the flowers close to his chest, ‘‘No. They’re mine’’ and he smiled, and bent his head down to smell them. ‘‘No one has ever...’’, he started, but shut himself up by walking around the table to retrieve a vase and place them in water.
John was horrified at the blush forming on his face, and he struggled to rephrase, ‘‘This is just a guess, of course’’ He kept his eyes resolutely on Lestrade ‘‘But I think that she was practicing... BDSM’’
‘‘Elegant’’ Sherlock murmured, finally excited for the case ‘‘Molly, test and see if John’s theory is right. John, you go talk to the fiancée and then you meet me at the club’’
She was quiet for a while, and when John turned to look at her, she had her head bowed and her hands in a prayer position.
The trip back to London was just as excruciating. They tried just kissing, but it was awful. They tried not touching each other at all, but that was even worse. Eventually they just decided to hold hands, and the 8 hours of train journey seemed longer than they should be. John barely had time to shut the door at 221b before Sherlock was pushing him against a wall, kissing him with all his frustration. John placed both hands on Sherlock’s arse and wiggled his eyebrows, trying to look seductive, and Sherlock laughed, lightheaded and in love.
‘‘Oh, love’’ He kissed Sherlock’s cheekbones, drying them with his thumbs ‘‘I love you’’ he whispered in wonder, as if he never thought he would be able to say it, and that gave Sherlock some strength to sit up. John straightened up as well.
‘‘I was able to walk into a military base using only-’’
, John thought, looking at Sherlock as he hailed a cab,
A word that could describe the before Irene Adler was ‘flirty’, so much so that John was honestly considering making a move. The intimacy that they shared was simple – brushing hands against shoulders and napes, silent smiles before bed and brushing their toes below the kitchen table.
‘‘Thank God you were privileged enough not to go’’ John laughed as well, the fakest laugh in history, and Eric’s smile disappeared.
Day 11: Christmas Eve// 12 days of ficmas 2016
Sherlock let out a breathy laughter again, ‘‘That is rather forward of you’’. He tried to brush his hair and, instead, struggled to remove his googles. His blush deepened, like he was embarrassed of having them on in the first place.
‘‘You and your sister had never had any regard for your father’s well-being’’
Sherlock took his time to lower his hands, unsure how to keep John from seeing his tears, but eventually he did, and John’s face had tear marks too.
like a Debra’’
‘‘Fuck, I was…’’ a kiss ‘‘so worried’’ another kiss.
She took a moment there to run her fingers through Sherlock’s curls, a gentle smile playing on her lips.
to pick him up. He doesn’t even need to know your number. He doesn’t know mine’’ John said and Sherlock took his hand, intertwining their fingers. John looked at him with a small smile.
‘‘You didn’t sleep at all last night’’ Sherlock said, walking over to John to drag him towards his bed.
Sherlock bit his lip, ‘‘I don’t know how to give your heart back, either’’
‘‘I’ve been told that I’m very good with my hips’’ He murmured, rolling said hips to illustrate that argument.
As it turned out, it took Sherlock and John an hour to get out of bed and another hour to get out of the shower. Molly was a bit impatient when they got there.
‘‘Nurse’’ Sherlock completed, pulling out his magnifying glass to exam the body more carefully. Sherlock, however, didn’t conclude anything from Mathew’s bare body. There were no injuries that could have caused his death, which led Sherlock to deduce that it was something that he ingested. He stepped away and looked at John, silently asking him to examined the body.
Sherlock sighed and had the audacity to look at the celling, as if asking God himself for patience. ‘‘You like submissive people. I want the experience. I don’t know what the big deal is’’
‘‘Come home with me’’
Sherlock came closer to him, eyes looking everywhere but at John’s. ‘‘You’re not leaving, are you?’’. And his tone was so small and vulnerable that John felt his heart being squeezed impossibly tight. Had he known Sherlock would be this upset, he wouldn’t have kept himself away.
Sherlock snorted, ‘‘What experience could
‘‘Yes, well. Tests were inconclusive. We’ll know once we have the killer’’ Sherlock said and John nodded, catching on immediately.
Sherlock’s face lit up at the word. He nodded, ‘‘Brilliant’’ and turned to enter the cab.
‘‘Hey’’ John interrupted, raising Sherlock’s chin to kiss him ‘‘Your feelings are valid. You have the right to be upset, to need some time away…’’
‘‘You… cleaned?’’ John said, blinking a few times and finally looking at Sherlock.
‘‘Sorry’’ Sherlock looked down.
This got Harry to stop laughing and calm down, her face turning somber. ‘‘That doesn’t surprise me, actually. She has a way of making fun of you and tearing you down’’
John felt tired, all of the sudden. He had the presence of mind to know that it wasn’t because of the alcohol, or the inhumane hours he was pulling at the hospital. It wasn’t because he was running around to avoid Mary, or constantly hiding the fact that he disliked it when she came along to solve cases, or when she interacted with Sherlock.
‘‘I never loved her’’ John interrupted him, hugging Sherlock’s waist and pressing his face against Sherlock’s neck ‘‘She is a murderer and just… a horrible and manipulative human being. I was planning on leaving her even
Next thing he knew, he was lying beside Sherlock, who was on his front, looking at John with nothing but devotion.
‘‘Isn’t it obvious?’’ Mycroft smiled, humorless ‘‘I’ve been under his thumb for over six years, doing his beading, obeying his every whim. In all that time, he’s been obsessed with you, with your mind… he wants to… corrupt you’’ Mycroft frowned, and Sherlock could see his brother’s eyes watering. He whispered, ‘‘I’m sorry I didn’t protect you better’’
‘‘Sherlock, look at me’’
-Love? – John murmured, sounding concerned when her flatmate froze – Was that too fast?
Sherlock had fantasized about having sex with John more often than he was willing to admit. He’d wondered how John’s hands would feel against his thighs and how his lips would feel between them. He’d wondered how John’s body would taste like, what it would feel like beneath his fingers. He’d wondered what John would say, what he would sound like.
‘‘I did... My mom did this thing, whenever she wanted something really badly. She would promise the universe she would cut out a habit from her life for a determined amount of time, and asked for something in return. I always thought it was kind of silly, but here I am. Vegan for three years. I didn’t eat a single thing at the weeding. Only Mrs Hudson noticed’’
’’ John said, and Sherlock had never heard so much hatred and contempt in his voice. His legs led him downstairs before he realized it himself, and he quickly stood behind John, running his fingers over John’s clenched fists.
John smiled, incredulous ‘‘
They continued walking. After two more houses, ‘‘Sherlock doesn’t... like it when I date people. I- I don’t like to make him sad’’
Mycroft looked at the weapon with a frown, almost sadly ‘‘Yes’’ he sighed ‘‘Yes, I know’’
‘‘Honestly. Even if you have a fever, or something. I’ll just have to kiss you better’’
‘‘Of course, I feel better, now. Energised. It also makes me feel more connected with the Earth, if that makes sense’’
‘‘Listen to me, everything will be-’’ John started, but was interrupted by a loud noise: the sound of a gun going off. The love of Sherlock’s life flopped on top of him.
Sherlock’s face turned hopeful, ‘‘Okay?’’
The story of how they entered Baskerville was an exciting one, filled with fights, robbery and a useful (and unexpected) horse. Sherlock wished he could remember every detail of what John had done. The reason he couldn’t was because John was…
The plan was carried out perfectly (without John’s suggestion) as the club slowly filled with people. They set a trap for the bouncer, while Mr. Fletcher slowly incriminated himself. He was so excited for having surpassed the great Sherlock Holmes that he neglected the team from Scotland Yard going into his office and finding his supply of gold. Sherlock and John stayed at the bar with him while that happened. John slowly leaned forward to steel a kiss, which turned into a very heated snog very quickly.
‘‘Lay here, pup’’ John said, guiding his head. Sherlock went immediately, willingly. He braced his arms on John’s thighs, hands holding on to his hips. A tiny moan escaped him as John’s nails dug into a particular spot behind his ear. ‘‘That’s right, love. You’re so beautiful. I bet you don’t even know how beautiful you are’’
Time seemed to stand still as they held each other, as if the universe was trying to compensate for all the years that they spent apart. Sherlock committed to memory every sound, every texture and every feeling because she knew that she would want to remember that night and all its details when she became old and grey.
And John chuckled, reaching inside his pocket to get the ring – which was thick, rose gold and perfect. He raised Sherlock’s left hand, pausing before sliding it in ‘‘Will you marry me?’’
John’s blond hair was short – it reached her shoulders – and she had a fringe that extended until her nose. It was in a half-up ponytail. She was wearing her grey jumper – the one that she wore on their first dinner at Angelo’s – and a pair of black jeans. Her beautiful face, Sherlock loved to focus on that. Her laughter lines around her indigo eyes and her lovely lips.
‘‘Great! I thought that would take a bit more convincing’’ John laughed, his hand on his nape.
‘‘You’re a psychopath, Ed. A fucking psychopath’’ Miss Mayden said, seething beside her lawyer. Ed was in front of her, across the table, beside his own lawyer. John and Sherlock had been asked to supervise and offer the evidences. Taylor hoped that a deal could be reached without involving the authorities, for which Ed’s lawyer was grateful.
Sherlock’s eyes snapped open. He bit his lip, looking at John’s face intently. He swallowed a few times, but it was only when his breathing sped up that John became concerned.
Sherlock shrugged, brushing his paper off too, ‘‘I don’t live with a nagging doctor anymore’’, he licked his lips, looking at John through his eyelashes.
John smiled, ‘‘Okay’’
‘‘I don’t even know if you’ll find this interesting but there has been a robbery-’’
‘‘If Sherlock ever… God forbid but, if he ever’’ John had said, three nights after knowing of Sherlock’s past drug habits, six years ago.
‘‘Sherlo-’’
John rolled his eyes, but he didn’t pull away, ‘‘Let’s play another game’’
‘‘Yes, sir’’ he whispered, ridiculously affected by this.
‘‘There is no way in
(See the end of the chapter for
John heard Sherlock nearly trip. There was a long pause before he said, ‘‘You- What?’’
But there came a knock on the door, effectively interrupting their moment. The smell of their food made John realize how starving he was – and Sherlock seemed equally sidetracked. Their conversation, consequently, was put on hold.
Sherlock said by running his tong across John’s lip.
‘‘Sherlock’’
The detective moaned in annoyance, kissing John again, until he placed both hands on Sherlock’s chest to keep him away.
‘‘John Watson’’
‘‘I love kissing you, and I don’t want to stop just because my father will be there’’ John realized his voice had taken its captain tone, and he stopped to take Sherlock’s face between his hands and press their mouths together, almost proving a point.
Sherlock nodded vigorously, but his eyes remained on John.
Sherlock looked at both of them before continuing ‘‘Well, yes, but he is my
''Maybe you have an evil sister that you don't know about!''
‘‘Playing?’’ This time it was Lestrade that was confused.
Sherlock had often (obsessively) wondered, but never had the bravery to ask. What’s important to take from this is that Captain John Watson was quite used to danger and impossible missions. He was not just a doctor: he was a soldier, which was something very useful to the situation at hand.
‘‘Oh yes’’ Eric’s smile was fake ‘‘I was one of the silly kids who
‘‘John, I have lo- liked you since we met’’ Sherlock recovered from his almost slip up and continued with more calculated words ‘‘and I have wanted you for practically the same amount of time’’
‘‘But you, of course, are above such things’’
Sherlock’s eyes softened with compassion. It was the most beautiful thing John had ever seen, ‘‘It’s been a month since your wife died, John. It’s okay to need more than a weekend to get better’’
‘‘Oh, so… in fact’’ He dropped down a few octaves ‘‘You like my voice, do you?’’
‘‘I’m sorry, baby girl’’ He whispered. It was too early to tell, but he knew it in his heart that it was a girl. He killed a baby girl before she could even experience the world.
‘‘Yes’’
‘‘Fine. Hurry up’’ were Harry’s parting words.
But this… knowing that Sherlock liked him – or even felt something stronger than that – threw all of his convictions under the bus. Maybe John going out with all of those women influenced in Sherlock’s self-loathing. Maybe it was all John’s fault. John slid down, with back against the door, and hugged his knees.
Sherlock stopped immediately, getting out of John’s grip so he could resume his position, spreading himself for John’s perusal. ‘‘Inside me, John’’
Sherlock pressed his lips together, all signs of amusement leaving his face, and shook his head once. ‘‘You’re taking more shifts at the hospital because you are bored of your life’’
He laid Sherlock down on his back and started to run his lips and tongue where Sherlock needed the most. ‘‘Christ, you’re beautiful. Did you know that? These hips… these
The back of his mind again. He ignored it.
John chuckled, shaking his head.
Sherlock smiled, feeling his eyes watering, and took a deep breath. ‘‘Yes’’ he said simply, watching in awe as the ring made his finger its home. He raised his hand, and they looked at it for a while before meeting half way in a hug, which eventually turned into a kiss, which eventually turned into more, into the rest of their lives.
‘‘Just give me a minute?’’ Sherlock’s voice was very small. So small that John almost didn’t hear it. Muffled behind the hands that were hiding his face, ‘‘Don’t change your mind about me, please. I just need a minute’’
, and Sherlock very much intended to rub in all of their faces.
I'll post the last one later tonight. I'm sorry for bringing back this demon, but all ends well :)
Fact number three (3): John Watson had a vasectomy when he was 18 years old. Not a single human soul (besides the doctor) knows this, since he did it completely off the books. His roommate from college was a resident. He agreed to do it no questions asked. If he had asked, John would have made up some bullshit petty reason, like not wanting to give his father the satisfaction of grandchildren. The truth is that John felt a violence in himself that scared him. He saw his Robert Watson in the mirror more than he saw himself.
Sherlock got it, bending over to reach John’s night stand, still astride him, rummaging through the drawer. He took a moment to read the back of the bottle, which John found hilarious and absurd and wonderful and so Sherlock that he could cry.
The next morning, Sherlock woke up alone to the sound of the shower running. He smiled, stretching himself on the bed before running to the bathroom to join the love of his life.
‘‘Yeah’’ John said, mirth dancing on his face ‘‘let’s eat out today. We can buy safety clothes and a couple of acids to clean the kitchen while we’re at it’’
‘‘How long have I known you?’’ He murmured, moving to another nipple, ‘‘Like thirteen years?’’
Sherlock looked at the door, trying to determine if she was out of ear shot, before directing his eyes at John and rolling his hips again. John gave a long exhale and placed his hands on Sherlock’s arse, bringing him closer, and they were just starting to pick up the pace again when-
Sherlock resumed his position on top of John, wiggling his still clothed hips and sucking on John’s throat. ‘‘John’’ he sounded pained, and John moved his hands to that perfect and round and sinful little arse. Sherlock moaned, bringing his knees up either side of John’s hips to gain some leverage.
‘‘I need to get you the perfect gift’’ Sherlock said, only half paying attention to John, who had began to frown.
Lestrade wasn’t even surprised that Sherlock already knew. ‘‘We’re thinking eight, actually. Some off them weren’t released to the press’’
’’ Alice said, pulling a giggling Sherlock by his arm.
‘‘Why?’’ Sherlock whispered, running his hands up and down John’s arms.
‘‘Christ’’ John cursed before placing both hands on Sherlock’s jawline, thumbs pressing against Sherlock’s chin to bring it up and towards him, towards his lips.
Sherlock frowned, waiting for John to continue before everything clicked, before the deduction that he’d been expecting for the past 12 days finally came. Sherlock remembered John’s nervousness, his apprehension.
‘‘You shower at the hospital. Always. And you take your own hygiene products. But sometimes you wash your hair with the hospital’s shampoo, perhaps because you think it’s stronger. Two other times that you did this, you came into contact with someone with an infectious disease. However, if it was something more serious your demeanour would have changed. You deal with patients with influenza all the time, but you don’t always wash your hair this way. This means that you abandoned protocol, in some way. My guess is that the parents weren’t doing a good job a calming the child, so you stepped in. You are very protective of abused children. The autism part was a shot in the dark, really, but a good one. You’re very compassioned towards people with Asperger's. Thus, an autistic child’’
‘‘I know exactly how you feel, you know. But if someone like John loves you, you must be worth it’’ Harry said.
‘‘We come bearing gifts!’’ Alice yelled from the door, her tone slurred like she had been-
‘‘What do we say?’’ John murmured.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, ‘‘I like you’’
. And I would hazard a guess that the victims, on the other hand, liked to please, to be good, and were genuinely upset if they did something wrong’’ John shrugged, ‘‘I know that that’s not you’’
‘‘Think about cuddling with him, hugging him, seeing him naked’’
John seemed to be fluent at it.
‘‘It’s like talking to a child’’ Harry mumbled, then, louder, ‘‘Why does he hate you?’’
‘‘John?’’ Sherlock whispered, pressing his shaking hand to John’s neck and sighing in relief when he found a pulse. He looked around him, taking in the scene, and noticed that all guns had tranquilizers in them apart from one, the gun pointing at Mycroft’s head.
. I’m-’’ the tears returned. He couldn’t even say it.
‘‘Yeah, it wouldn’t be a
‘‘Did you test for heavy metal poisoning?’’ He asked, his voice excited like he’d just discovered something crucial, and Sherlock moved closer to see what he’d missed. ‘‘Do you see? Just around his pupil’’
, the back of his mind answered. He ignored it.
A cold stone settled at the pit of John’s stomach.
– and John chuckling from time to time.
‘‘Oh, how comforting, it’s not THAT toxic’’ John yelled back from the bathroom, and Sherlock fell back on his chair, giggling. With his cheeks hurting from smiling too hard, he did as he was told.
‘‘Sherlock’’ it was barely a word. John’s heart was beating fast, his breathing was shallow, and now he couldn’t make words of sentences anymore. Sherlock wasn’t in the kitchen. John didn’t see where he went, ‘‘Sherlock?’’
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but blushed a little, ‘‘Sociopaths can still like people’’
‘‘She killed herself’’ Sherlock said, wishing for John to deny it. But Sherlock saw that he was right in John’s features. He took a deep breath as his eyes watered ‘‘I’m sorry’’ he whispered, and John pulled him in a hug.
Harry rolled her eyes, ‘‘Fine. Why is he mad at you?’’
‘‘But you see, Mrs. Turner and I are going to Rome together this Christmas’’ Mrs. Hudson said with a slight blush and a smile. John’s toes brushed against Sherlock’s, and the detective thought it was an accident, until John started to slowly and rhythmically do it again and again. Sherlock’s breath caught in his throat and he only half heard the rest of the conversation.
‘‘So he did kill them’’ John stated, assuming his parade stance.
‘‘This is perfect’’ Sherlock said just as quietly, raising his chin to kiss John’s lips, which they did for a while before it turned into a snog that left Sherlock panting for more ‘‘Make love to me?’’ Sherlock asked, and John smiled before kissing him down his neck, chest and pelvis, and Sherlock felt like he was being worshiped.
Now John raised his eyebrows, ‘‘Sherlock, what-’’
Sherlock rose in a sitting position, hugging his knees and placing his chin between them ‘‘I think so’’ he whispered. There was a beat of silence ‘‘This feels nice’’
‘‘Mind your own business, lady’’ He threw a toast at her, which she deflected by using a pan as a shield. The food war continued for longer than what is expected for adults, and at some point Harry had to intervene.
John laughed, licking a wide stripe from Sherlock’s chin to his hair line, making Sherlock grunt in protest. He raised his head to regard Sherlock with a smile, which turned sad for a minute. ‘‘I’ve had this ache in my chest for so long. I’m only now realising that you had my heart all this time’’
‘‘Sherlock’’
‘‘Stopped drinking too. I’m already too much like my father’’
Sherlock’s response was overrun by a gasping Detective Inspector. Who seemed to notice he wasn’t exactly welcome, ‘‘Everything alright?’’ He said, and John finally turned to look at him with a stiff smile.
‘‘JOHN WATSON COME HELP ME’’ Harry yelled, which startled Sherlock.
‘‘I have a theory for the ‘how’. What’s really worrying me is ‘why’’’ John’s tone was rough.
John let out his manly chuckle – which in some cultures, including the western, would be considered a giggle – and bit his lip. ‘‘I can’t judge. There are some things that technically belong to you that I’ve also been using to calm me down’’
Sherlock explained his idea, a trap that only the killer would fall for, while Mr. Fletcher listened with a smile on his face. ‘‘It would be so much easier if we knew what the poison is’’ Said the owner. Sherlock pinched John, right beside his abdomen.
John took a whole bottle of scotch, in Robert Watson’s honour, and left.
’’ Mary’s voice had an edge of concern ‘‘
‘‘I’m not… I don’t feel guilty’’ Sherlock’s voice was small, and John placed both his hands on Sherlock’s hips to turn him around and look at his face.
‘‘This will allow us to be in the place of the killer and the victims. The dominant’’ he pointed at John, ‘‘and the submissive’’, he pointed at himself. It sounded rehearsed, ‘‘You... It’s what you like’’ His eyes glanced at John’s crotch, smugness oozing out of him, but there was something else there. Some other emotion there that John couldn’t quite figure out. Something off.
Sherlock looked confused, no knowing where to place his hands or what John was talking about ‘‘Me?’’
Robert was already there when they arrived, fully equipped with a glass of scotch in one hand and the TV remote in the other.
‘‘Everything’’, she said, following him, and turned John to her by tugging at his shoulder.
Mycroft hummed and sipped from his cup before saying ‘‘Well, you are probably curious as to why I’m here’’. John just shrugged, trying to convey as much indifference as he could muster as he listened intently.
‘‘Hi’’ He said, fluttering his eyelashes and blushing.
John took a moment to calm down his breathing.
‘‘I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m sorry....’’ Sherlock was whispering, in a loop. He started to rock John lightly, trying to sooth him. Or maybe trying to sooth himself.
They drove to Baskerville in silence, and Sherlock trusted John’s plan implicitly even without knowing what it entailed. It turned out, however, that Sherlock wouldn’t need to do anything, which was very fortunate given the circumstances.
toxic’’
‘‘All right. You got the bags. Let’s just throw everything in’’ John handed him one and they got to work. They did their chore in silence – mostly because they didn’t want to breathe more than necessary – and were able to properly dispose of almost all of the contents before Mrs. Hudson yelled from her flat, asking them if they wanted to have lunch with her.
And seeing Sherlock with safety googles on his forehead, curls in disarray, an overused nightgown and bare feet, John could safely say that he’d witnessed a miracle.
‘‘It sounded awful’’ Sherlock frowned, biting his lip and locking his eyes with John before the doctor removed his hand and stood up, occupying himself with the dishes.
, Sherlock thought, stretching his neck to look at the bar and search for him. Then he suddenly saw him, his John Watson talking to a very flirtatious Margaret Nile. She’d always had a thing for John, going out of her way to smile at him and talk to him at crime scenes and when they were at the Yard. John had never commented on it, always politely smiling back at her, and Sherlock had always hated her in secret.
The walk to St. Mary’s school wasn’t that long, so Sherlock bypassed the tourists and was able to be there in less than 15 minutes. His coat swished behind him in an unintentionally dramatic entrance to the premise, and the two women at the reception raised their eyebrows.
‘‘But-’’ John inhaled deeply, trying to control his trembling chin, ‘‘But I killed my baby’’ John sobbed.
Sherlock opened his eyes, looking up and finding his brother sitting on the bed, beside him, with his back against the headboard. ‘‘Mycroft… you-’’
Love, if he was being honest with himself, came with all the bursts of affection that he got on the course of the next couple of weeks. When Sherlock left his bedroom in pajamas with sleepy eyes and messy hair; when he was finally able to deduced something from John’s inputs and help; or when he sang Lady Gaga in the shower. Sherlock Holmes, John reasoned, was a former addict that was trying to make a living out of helping people and, to do so, he set up a modest blog where clients could find him. He truly and deeply cared, in the most endearing way possible.
The doctor licked his lips as he examined the files on the desk in front of Sherlock and said detective was momentarily sidetracked. John looked at him when he stopped talking, wordlessly asking him to continue. Sherlock cleared his throat.
‘‘But you need to promise me that you won’t stop being my friend. That you will still trust me’’
Jealousy, at the moment, was bigger than the embracement of having your drunk boyfriend straddle you in a room full of people ‘‘Who told you that?’’
John took a moment to shake his head, ‘‘It won’t help you with the case, so fucking why?’’
The was a long silence, and John raised Sherlock’s chin to meet him eyes, suddenly very serious ‘‘Do you want to run away?’’
Sherlock shook his head, eyes filled with mirth, but there was a deep blush on his cheeks.
Everything went dark.
Ho ho boy (This is the most explicit I have gotten while writing fic, so I hope this isn't silly :/ )
He was surprised the next morning at how fast he had fallen asleep and how blissfully quiet his mind was for the first time in over three years. Covers had been put over him, the thin curtains beside him barely keeping the sunlight (which Sherlock deduced were from nearly noon) from entering the room. He stretched, looking at the other bed for a sign of John and finding it neatly made (
There was a beat of silence, before Sherlock threw his head back, laughing.
‘‘But’’ Sherlock raised his head, eyes meeting John’s then moving down again, ‘‘I want to please you’’
The doctor cleared his throat.
‘‘John?’’ Sherlock whispered against John’s neck, nuzzling him.
‘‘Gold?’’ Molly said with disbelief.
That ache in John’s chest returned. It’s like he couldn’t help but mourn
‘‘I love you’’ John whispered, and Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him, a dainty little smile on his lips.
‘‘Why don’t you sit here and wait for me to get you something, yeah?’’ John said to Sherlock, directing him to the couch. He kissed his forehead before he went to the kitchen, bringing back a plate of small appetizers, which Sherlock ate distractedly.
After a few minutes of this, Sherlock tried to mimic John’s movements, sucking on John’s bottom lip, pulling at it with his teeth, and
‘‘No, John, he had seen them because he knew the killer. Think about it, who could have known this man’s work schedule and was close enough to him that he wouldn’t want to turn them to the police’’
John’s eyebrows rose up to his hairline as his lips twitched into a smile ‘‘Yes’’
-I’m not a sap – Sherlock pouted, but removed her dressing gown anyway. She never wore bras, which was convenient at this very moment.
‘‘I figured out who the killer is’’
‘‘Right, of course, yes!’’ He ran along in front of them.
‘‘Yes, it is’’
John rolled his eyes, feeling the usual discomfort of when the weeding was mentioned, and felt himself slurring at the words, ‘‘That’s the one’’
Sherlock could only nod, raising his chin to press his lips against John’s. They stayed like that for a while until Sherlock worked up the courage to touch John’s bare arse, which made John chuckle.
John was left wondering what the hell just happened.
Sherlock just looked at him for a while, his expression unreadable. He finally took a deep breath, his voice low when he said, ‘‘Why did you say it like that?’’
‘‘Nothing’’ Sherlock whispered, releasing his hand to place it against John’s thigh, running it back and forth, feeling his pajamas trousers. ‘‘Touch me’’ he continued, and John looked at him for a while longer before nodding and laying back down to hold him. Sherlock took advantage of his proximity to kiss him everywhere he could.
Sherlock couldn’t blame his behavior on an experiment or on a case this time. He was merely bored, and John wasn’t home to make him feel… better. Sherlock had gone to the clinic in an attempt to make John come back to the flat, and he deduced all of the patients on the premise.
‘‘That’s good!’’ John said, eyebrows raised and an overly nice smile in his face ‘‘That’s very good. This was going to be a good Christmas before, but it’s going to be a fucking perfect Christmas now’’ he turned to Sherlock ‘‘We need matching jumpers, and we need to be drinking from a single glass of wine the entire night’’ he said, which made Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson laugh. ‘‘I don’t see how this is funny’’
‘‘But you can’t tell Harry or John! They’ll be sad’’ Alice continued just as loudly, passing on a bottle of something to their baffled and amused guests. Sherlock was right behind her, leaning against the door. John went to him, and Sherlock’s face lit up when he saw him.
John’s heart squeezed in his chest, but it was a phantom pain. That was a long time ago. He drank and cleared his throat. ‘‘You are... possessive. Of me’’
‘‘My throat hurts a bit’’
‘‘Oh’’ Sherlock frowned, trusting John implicitly ‘‘Do say’’
‘‘Do you really think so?’’ He whispered, but he wasn’t expecting a response, already feeling sleep taking over him.
John made his way to his room two steps at a time.
Sherlock smiled, ‘‘Go on’’
‘‘Hello’’ He said as Sherlock approached. The detective licked his lips and looked at John’s, trying to determine if he could kiss him, but John made that decision for him. His smile widened before he pressed both hands on Sherlock’s face, bringing it down for a quick and chaste kiss.
‘‘What
He didn’t have anything to do but wait for his night shift at the A&E. He settled for a documentary on black holes and shifted lower on the sofa, casting one last glance at Sherlock before closing his eyes.
‘‘Yeah’’ But he was looking at Sherlock, ‘‘Coming, then? I’m sort off the end of the rope here’’
‘‘We had to throw it all away’’ John answered stiffly. Robert hummed as he made his plate, pushing it to Sherlock and silently asking him to heat it, which he did. John came to sit beside Sherlock, tugging on his knee gently.
‘‘Mrs. Hudson, really, you shouldn’t worry. You letting us eat here is more than enough’’ John said taking Sherlock’s hand in his below the table.
Sherlock cleared his throat, ‘‘Was that... was that okay?’’
He must have made a sound, because Moriarty was soon beside him ‘‘Yes, you know what this is for, don’t you? This won’t the first time that I’ve put John Watson in a fire. But it certainly will be the last’’
‘‘Sherlock, you don’t need to be afraid’’ John whispered, raising his hands as well ‘‘I’m not going to hurt you’’
Sherlock nodded, extending his arms to John, beckoning him in, and John went. ‘‘You want to have a BDSM relationship with me’’ Sherlock said, but his deduction voice lacked its usual bravado. It was softer, higher. Absolutely lovely. He laced his legs around John’s waist, tugging him further down. John couldn’t not smile at Sherlock’s choice of words, everything he did was endearing.
John laughed, hiding his face on Sherlock’s neck. ‘‘I do’’ he kissed the skin beneath his lips, because it was begging him to. ‘‘Christ, I do’’. He nibbled Sherlock’s neck with his teeth and sucked a mark on it. Sherlock answered by burying his fingers in John’s hair and moaning.
John interrupted him with a kiss ‘‘I love it. The literal
Thank you for the comments!
Fact number one (1): Marry Watson got pregnant within the month of April.
He parked in front of Baker Street and was guided by the lights from within his home. The creak that the front door made was so familiar that it brought a smile to John’s lips and a warm feeling on his chest. There was no sign of Mrs. Hudson being awake, so he just made his way upstairs, two steps at a time.
do you think you’re running to?’’
Harry looked like she discovered the Americas. ‘‘You are avoiding her’’
‘‘I don’t know’’ She said distractedly.
want me to be?’’ Sherlock asked, frowning.
‘‘Well, hello to
‘‘Go make us some tea’’
‘‘Oh good. Just who I wanted to see’’ John voice was grave, like he had been screaming. He cleared his throat – and as subtly as possible wiped his face – as he got up. His emotionally closed of self took charge, as it normally did around people, and he pretended to be fine. John was really good at pretending to be okay.
John’s eyes widened and he stared at Sherlock for a few seconds before his face broke in a smile ‘‘Yes’’ he said.
Sherlock grunted in response, and John massaged his forehead just as the Steven Fry sounding guy explained what was an event horizon and their singularity.
‘‘Love?’’ John moved from between his legs, finally looking at the distraught expression on Sherlock’s face, ‘‘Oh, God. Did I hurt you? Was that... that was-’’
John just watched him go, ‘‘Should I... Should I follow you?’’
Harry made a sound like she was holding back a cough. When John looked at her, she had her fist in her mouth, ‘‘Okay... why?’’
‘‘Sherlock, I’m a doctor. I know when people are in pain. Just let me take care of you’’ John sounded angry, his voice a bit rough, and Sherlock took a tiny step back before complying and sitting on a chair, with his chest against its support.
Sherlock’s eyes widened in such glee that John had to bit his lip not to smile, ‘‘Alright?’’
‘‘John?’’
Sherlock was silent for a few seconds, unable to think clearly, before whispering, softly ‘‘Okay’’ and moving his head backwards for John’ lips, his eyes shut tight. His doctor thoroughly kissed all the tension in his features, unaware that every press of his lips felt like fire.
‘‘I love you’’ Sherlock sobbed, pressing his lips to every part of John’s face he could reach. Eventually they both calmed down. Sherlock caressed the scar on John’s shoulder while John caressed the scars on Sherlock’s back.
-Can I kiss you here? – John pointed at Sherlock’s collar bone.
Eventually Mr. Fletcher left to do other things (probably plan his next murder) and John took that opportunity to kiss Sherlock lazily.
John sighed, ‘‘I want to stop’’
Sherlock looked down, as if in thought. Then he drank a little sip, ‘‘He was in love with you. You were the one who didn’t want him’’
Sherlock didn’t know how to respond, settling for just a small pout that would be the death of John, someday. He will be walking down the street and will remember this pout and have a heart attack, probably. Most likely.
he mouthed from where he was trying to hang mistletoe. Sherlock nodded and turned to Alice ‘‘How can I help?’’
‘‘More? Like… sex?’’ Sherlock said, his voice tiny even to his own ears. John nodded, so Sherlock continued ‘‘I wouldn’t mind… having sex with you’’
John set his jaw. He realized, maniacally, that there were four different shades of blue on Sherlock’s iris, and he was just as beautiful up close. And it’s really inconvenient to find the person that you’re supposed to be mad at so beautiful. ‘‘Fine’’ he said, ‘‘I didn’t guess. I knew. And since you don’t want me to tell you how I knew or what the password is, I honestly don’t know what you want from me. Or what you can possibly gain from being such an arse’’
Sherlock shrugged, squinting against the evening sun shining on his face. “Since the start. You don’t think I’d give up on a case like this, just to spike my brother, do you?”
Since they arrived at the hotel, Sherlock never ceased to resign his long string of insults towards his older brother and hopefully, gaining the action of Mycroft regretting his decision and taking the Omega boy back home. To the boy’s disappointment, Mycroft simply reprimanded Sherlock for being an insulant child and ordered the boy to get dressed for he expected Sherlock to attend the party.
Sherlock remained frozen when the recognition of that voice became extremely familiar, the Alpha clenched his teeth together. The detective helplessly glanced at his soldier, preparing himself to fight the Alpha who was gaining proximity behind him.
“I never guess.”
Lestrade looked around, “Let’s go to Speedy’s. It’s just right here.”
The British government slowly presented new laws that dealt with the surrender of rights belonging to Omegas and Betas. The Omega and Beta gender were unaffected by these minor laws. So naturally, no one paid attention to these changes, everyone remained in their daily routines and contributed to maintaining their lifestyle in London.
The detective smiled back, “Well, I guess that means, I must be alert at all times.” Sherlock lead the way. “Shall we?”
Lestrade whispered, “He’s new, isn’t he?”
John swallowed his saliva, smiling as he slipped away from the detective’s hold. “
John punched in the numbers into his phone, “
Why? Why? Why? Why?
Sherlock took cover behind the pillar, coming face to face with James when Mary shot two bullets into James. Sherlock watched as the bullets pierced through James’ body, burning the vampire’s insides and melting the skin on the outside into gooey piles of flesh. Now it was only Sherlock. Two against one, not fair but exhilarating.
John closed his eyes and turned away from Sherlock’s gaze, displaying the features of disgust in his face and forcing himself to not enjoy this. The burning hate he felt towards Sherlock was beyond the realms of hell and if anything, John would sell his own soul to the devil if it included the chance of killing Sherlock Holmes.
Due to the constant nagging from Mycroft, it pushed Sherlock to seek peace and serenity from the additive source of drugs.
The detective scoffed as he waved his hand. “That seemed a bit extreme.”
Sherlock walked towards Mr Prince, shaking the man’s hand. “Mr Prince, isn’t it?”
Sherlock was looking out the window. “If she deviated by one word, the sniper would have set her off.”
Mycroft tried to deduce the detective’s feelings but as always, Sherlock was emotionless. “What’s going on, Sherlock?”
Sherlock smiled. “I’m a consulting detective. Only one in the world. I invented the job.”
“I will stop you.”
This is my interpretation of The Great Game.
.” The blond got up from his seat. “
John couldn’t help but look down at the man’s body and shit, the tight navy-blue T-shirt that hugged his body definitely emphasized the man’s muscles. And the snug jeans hugging the man’s thick thighs were delicious to look at.
Sherlock could barely keep himself upright when the word
Sherlock and John went back to the shop, they both went inside a Chinese restaurant that was across the Lucky Cat shop. They ordered food and ate, well… John was eating while the detective watched him.
Mrs. Hudson looked back and saw the young attractive man leaving. “Oh no, don’t leave.”
John gave up, “
“I have been reliably informed that I don’t have one.”
“I am Shan.” The woman stated. “And to my calculations we’ve tried to kill you and your companion, Mr Watson. What does it tell you when an assassin cannot shoot straight?”
The bullet never pierced the blond for when Shan took the shot, John knocked his chair over, hitting the ground and breaking the wooden chair. He struggled to free himself while Sherlock fought the other man remaining. After a harsh battle with the ropes around John, he picked himself up when he saw the detective pushing the man into the pit of fire.
Sherlock found a note directed to Soo Lin Yao and saw that it came from the National Antiques Museum. “This might help us. Let’s go.”
Sherlock knew very little about relationships and what the meaning of
Sherlock made an irritated sound; expecting John to move or at least scurry past their discussion but as Sherlock looked up to face John, Sherlock realized that he was alone.
The nice-looking man approaches them and offers a warm smile.
“I’m here to see Detective Inspector Lestrade.”
Sherlock smirked, “It keeps me functioning. Also, to show that my deducing skills haven’t left at all.”
Sherlock felt horrible, there was a longing pain that keeps appearing in his heart. This was the first time that he felt… sentiment for something or specifically a person. Sherlock was conflicted with the array of emotions crossing his brain so, instead he removed his suit, and picked up his violin from his chair and played a soft slow tune.
John heard Sherlock’s shout and came down the stairs. “
Sherlock groaned when the pain of the beating spread across his face, he angrily spat an incredible amount of blood onto the floor. Sherlock looked up and saw John easily pushing Jim to the side, Sherlock grinned in a feral manner when witnessing Moriarty falling to the ground and whining like he always does. But Sebastian proved to not be an easy target to take down.
Sherlock completely forgot about John’s blood on his fingers and shuttered lustfully at seeing the most beautiful image before him. John’s blood, his little scorpions’ vital element was being smeared all over Sherlock’s cock and imprinting itself into Sherlock’s skin. The mere thought of taking away John’s virginity was too much to bear, the resemblance of the aftermath involving Sherlock penetrating John was such a pretty thought.
Minutes later, Sherlock opened the door for John and hours after, the forensic team came and entered the flat.
John has been around the block as well —fucking both men and women— but none held the honor of having the Alpha claiming them with a poisonous bite. The Alpha was patient, he was sure that his mate would appear at any moment. John was sharply dressed in a mahogany velvet suit and heard Jim talking about the vacation he shared with Sebastian when John dozed off from the conversation.
Moriarty ran the cold blade across John’s face, down his neck and towards John’s back. “What I care about is seeing you in pain.”
Sherlock searched John’s entire face and body to figure out this small detail that was absolutely bugging him. “I mean every human being is capable of speaking. It is a natural skill we all possess, so why refrain from speaking, John?”
John felt an unbreakable bond between —with one sniff— towards the Alpha before him, the Omega could have sworn that he knew this man from somewhere but his memory could not place the name to the face. It was almost as if this man was part of his prior life when… hell no. John wasn’t here looking for a one night stand, he needed to finish a job and no Alpha with sharp cheekbones and Cupid bow lips could make him drop everything to go in a dark corner and let this man fuck him.
The Omega snorted and came towards Sherlock, “I don’t respond or obey to Alphas such as yourself. Why don’t you take your head out of your ass and respect me the way you want to be respected?”
Sherlock blankly stared at John. “Dunno.” He started heading towards the door.
In a heartbeat, John could have sworn that he remembered his past life until the fire that ignited between them was blown out and the chance of remembering who he was, was gone… for now.
“I mean it. Its all right for them. Its over in a split second, strawberry jam all over the lines. What about the driver’s, eh? They’ve got to live with it, haven’t they?”
But the days began to linger longer and the violence in London was just at the peak of its maturity. Those who have survived, stayed inside their homes and begged for the people outside to not enter their homes and murder everyone in cold blood. Which is what Sherlock reserved himself to do everyday, except beg to god to be spared because he found it silly to make such a request.
“Mrs. Hudson?”
Moriarty chuckled. “Just so.”
Sherlock pointed towards the man’s tan line. “You’ve been away, haven’t you?”
Tonight, in London; the sky was filling with dark clouds, smoky mists of fog were colliding together to create a brewing storm. Within seconds, a deafening roar of thunder orchestrated across London, notifying every resident that a storm was about to begin. The blurred shadows caused by the heavy rain made everyone feel uncomfortable; if you were caught at the wrong place, at the wrong time, something to could happen to you underneath the storm and no one would be able to hear you.
John faced Sherlock in pure shock. “
John smiled sadly and signed, “
Lestrade watched Sherlock leaving in the vehicle, which caused him to announce that their business here at 221B was a waste of time and they should leave. The D.I. bid John farewell and in an instance, Lestrade’s men were gone, leaving the blond alone.
The detective could feel a pair of eyes staring at him, so he faced John. “What?”
“Sherlock. No need to ask, it’s none of your business.” Lestrade pulled his arm.
The detective looked around the flat, smelling the laundry and sniffing the milk. He looked down at the carpet and managed to make out a footprint. “I’m not the first.” Sherlock shouted to John. “Size eight feet. Small, but… athletic.”
Greg smacked the palm of his hand against his face. “Oh lord.”
A small tease if you will.
“And he came looking for you.”
John faced Sherlock. “
human night.
John was about to run after the detective when he stopped midway,
Shan grinned evilly. “Oh, but you forget Mr Holmes. He means a lot to you, so killing him.” She pointed the gun to John. “Would make a difference.”
Sherlock’s eyes followed John and his lips parted to word a few lines of regret but again, nothing came out. Lestrade made eye contact with Sherlock and the detective went inside his flat, and slammed the door behind him.
“Sounds very boring.”
Mycroft took out his pocket watch. “Sofa, Sherlock. It was the sofa.”
Sherlock released Anderson and brutally threw the boy back, a slight twitch of a smile flickered across his lips at the prominent injury created between Anderson’s head and the ground. Sherlock faced everyone and felt a surge of power running through his veins as he realized how afraid his friends were of him.
The blond kept smiling. “
Mycroft faced his brother. “You’ve got to find those plans, Sherlock. Don’t make me order you.”
Sherlock placed the paper flower inside a plastic bag for evidence when a Detective Inspector came in.
Mrs. Hudson was at the bottom of the stairs. “Oh, you both look so adorable.”
The boy lazily looked over the crowds of people, he deduced everyone that came into sight and Sherlock was this close to asking Mycroft if they could leave when the Omega boy saw him. My god, the sight of him alone was enough to punch out all the oxygen in his lungs. The boy’s mouth fell open and his legs gave out beneath him, his gangly legs were growing weak and he couldn’t keep himself upright.
Bainbridge was reloading his gun in a hurry, trying not to get killed. During the shootout, John managed to use the protection of the train to stay hidden. John reached for his gun and waited for the perfect moment to abduct at least one of the werewolves. Fucking hell. John looked at the pillar where the apparent vampire was hiding behind and snarled, no wonder the pale Alpha seemed so off because like him, the Alpha was an agent.
“Aren’t you coming?”
Before jumping off the building, Sherlock looked down at the palm of his hand with a vulnerable glance that was threatening to melt away his mask of being a cold machine. Sherlock watched the glimmering shine of the dog tags being soaked underneath the rain; he’s polished it many times out of the ridiculous notion of sentiment.
The detective was studying his book when he heard the familiar clicking of Mycroft’s shoes coming up to his flat. Sherlock immediately hid the book and remained seated.
Sherlock felt his cheeks reddening in shame when Greg snorted. “That seems accurate.”
Inside the gallery, a woman dressed in expensive clothes walked around, making sure everything was in order when she noticed a security guard staring at the Vermeer painting. “Don’t you have something to do?”
Sherlock was thrown back against the seat of the coach when the prince heard something being broken down. The coachman tried to steer the horses away from an upcoming bridge that had a sturdy railing— built for humans to hold onto while taking a stroll— but the force and strength of four horses were enough to knock the railing down.
“The spider.”
John entered the kitchen and then came back out. “
Holy fuck.
“Exactly!”
Sherlock interrupted Molly and John’s silent conversation. “Oh, by the way, he’s mute. So, start learning sign language.”
The second hit caused the Alpha to fall to the ground, Victor cowardly curled himself into a ball and whined like an injured animal. The Omega boy took the opportunity to run, Sherlock threw himself from the bed and landed on the floor face first. The boy sobbed unsteadily, he picked up his battered body and with shaky legs, reached for the door and fled from the room.
“Can you remember the pattern?”
But the main question that scurried throughout his brain made him wonder if he made the right choice.
The speed of both bullets was hindered abruptly for Sherlock and John’s bullets met halfway and collided against each other. The impactful clashing of both bullets resulted in their ammo —which was made from different substances— to morph into broken ammunition that fell limply on the floor between Sherlock and John.
The blond shrugged his shoulders, “
“When was the last time that you saw her?” Sherlock asked the young man who worked at the museum.
“What’s wrong?”
Sherlock felt his breath stuttering, his throat was thickening as his brilliant mind began to fade into despair and fear. “John? John, wake up. We have to go.
After all this time; Sherlock managed to see John again, except this time, John was grown up. Sherlock knew that John was a year younger than him, so it was no surprise when he recalled knowing that a month ago John turned 18. Sherlock remembered how he locked himself in his room and did his yearly ritual; smelling the shirt he stole from John when they were younger and trying to imprint the barely faint smell into his skin.
The hit to Sherlock’s face made him realize something. “Oh.” He smiled. “Ah! She was clever, clever, yes!” Sherlock faced everyone. “She’s cleverer than you lot and she’s dead. Do you see, do you get it? She didn’t lose her phone, she never lost it. She planted it on him.” He started pacing again. “When she got out of the car, she knew that she was going to her death. She left her phone in order to lead us to her killer.”
“Frozen.” Greg said in disbelief.
The sharp cracks of lightning broke the sky apart, briefly illuminating London and then returning the streets to their prior fashion, which was darkness. The cold bitter wind nipped at the flesh of humans, scraping pieces of skin and making humans hiss at the fine but sharp cut. Every corner, every street, every turn, every anything was covered in rain and to no avail, this storm would last the entire night.
John looked at his hands. “
John snorted. “
John snorted. “
So now, here he was, the Omega boy was left alone in a huge room that reeked of previous residents that had a knack for perverting the sheets with semen and slick. Of course, the workers at the hotel tried their best to present the room the way every other resident expects it to be but it was no secret that this room was painted in filthy arcana with multiple forbiddances.
“It’s a fake. It has to be.” Sherlock angrily snapped.
King Siger Holmes respected Mycroft’s decision and was proud to see that his son was deeply interested in the politics of the kingdom. But Mycroft’s decision left the younger Holmes, Sherlock to take the role of becoming the next king. Sherlock had no interest in continuing his father’s legacy or ruling the kingdom but he had no choice.
The detective left John alone. “The person who lived here, Soo Lin Yao, we have to find her.”
“What are you doing?” Sherlock asked angrily.
Anderson made a disgusted face as Sherlock approached him. “It’s a crime scene. I don’t want it contaminated. Are we clear on that?”
.” John quickly reached behind him and handed Sherlock’s gun. “
Jim grabbed John’s hair, pulling his head back and grazing his teeth across John’s cheek. “But after beating him for forty minutes, I understood what you saw in him. He’s feisty, you should have seen the fight he put up with Sebby. Quite the show. But Johnny boy needs to understand that’s he’s a horse who needs to be broken.”
Sherlock felt himself choking at the prospect of losing John. That mere second of doubt faded away when John coughed, Sherlock smiled brightly as he brought the Omega closer to him. Sherlock cradled John’s neck and pressed his forehead against the Omega’s, breathing loudly and drinking down the tears that were very close to falling down the Alpha’s cheek.
“You’re not doing anything right now.” Sherlock stated.
Raz pointed ahead. “There. I spotted it earlier.”
The D.I. was startled. “I didn’t say anything.”
“You already know my answer.”
Sherlock grimaced at the nickname Lestrade gave Mycroft. “So, let’s work together.” The D.I. fixed his sleeve. “We’ve found Rachel.”
The blond twisted in his seat to see a taxi parked ahead. Sherlock noticed a passenger in the taxi. “It stopped. Nobody getting in, and nobody getting out.” The detective continued staring, “Why a taxi? Oh, that’s clever. Is it clever? Why is it clever?”
“Helping me make a point.” The detective whispered.
John went to the driver’s seat. “
The blond lowered his head and smiled. He reached forward, pushing the newspaper away from the detective’s face, exposing Sherlock’s features. “
Joe took the opportunity to snatch the memory stick from Andrew and use the vital information in the stick to square his debts. Before Joe could so, Andrew went to look for him, demanding the return of the memory stick when an accident occurred. Andrew attacked Joe, with no other choice, Joe pushed Andrew back and witnessed Andrew falling down the stairs leading up to his flat and hearing the sickening crack of Andrew’s head meeting the concrete ground.
Sherlock and John were sitting in the living room table, the blond was wearing sweats with a black and white striped sweater, while the detective wore his pajamas along with his blue silk dressing robe. They were sitting across from each other, enjoying a cup of tea.
The Omega snorted in laughter and turned to face Sherlock, for the first time in a short period of time, John believed that the Alpha before him was actually… sweet. Sherlock, to his greatest disbelief, considered the man who was about to save his life… interesting. The Alpha never considered anyone to be worth his time but Sherlock really did regret being a cock to this Omega.
Sherlock and John made their way to the library, going up the escalators while the detective explained everything to the blond.
“Hello, John.” The stranger extended his hand towards John. “I’ve heard so much about you.”
Sherlock noticed the many injuries covering John’s body and he desperately wrapped his slender arms around the Omega’s waist.
Sherlock faced Mycroft. “I can’t.”
“Well then, welcome to 221B Baker Street.” Sherlock announced.
Sherlock nonchalantly turned around and eyed the horrible spectacle taking place before him, the closeness shared between John and Jim was making Sherlock incredibly angry.
John remained quiet for a bit until he couldn’t help the loud chuckles escaping his lips. “Is that all you’ve got to go on? Is that the best you can do? Seems pretty basic for the great Sherlock Holmes who deduces everyone’s life in one look.”
The detective loved seeing John being on the somewhat same level as him even though John was a bit slow. “You’re on sparkling form. What else?”
Sherlock remained quiet, thinking about the words Mr Prince said and thinking back to all the moments when Sherlock felt the need to hold and kiss John. Sherlock never felt this way for anyone before but Sherlock considered relationships as wasteful distractions that weakened people and made them more vulnerable.
“Ah, I see.” Sebastian winked at Sherlock. “Not the type to deal with labels. I respect that. Now, please let the happy couple sit down.”
“Sergeant.” Sherlock removed his glove and extended his hand. “We haven’t met.”
Sherlock’s features darkened but the Alpha remained calm as he allowed the idiot before him to point a gun at his heart. “Introductions must be established. Should they not?”
“We hated it when he did that. We’d come down to breakfast in the front hall and this freak would know you’d been shagging the previous night.” Sebastian said with a laugh.
Sherlock was well… stuck, he expected John to happily accept his apology but he figured that Mycroft was right. “Please, what could I do to make you accept my apology.” He begged.
Oh no.
Sherlock tapped Mycroft on the shoulder and the Alpha faced him, Mycroft quickly looked at his baby brother and lifted his eyebrow. “Why are you wearing makeup?”
The blond was curious as to how the detective acquired that ID. “
John couldn’t help but laugh, already feeling the adrenaline coursing through his veins and intoxicating his body. “You couldn’t beat me up even if someone gave you an instruction manual.”
The blond was sitting down as he watched the detective going behind desks and lowering himself. Sherlock kept bouncing up and down, trying to find a connection between the man’s office and the symbols left behind.
“A fourth?” Mrs. Hudson questioned.
John faced Sherlock and punched the man in the arm. The detective said
Lestrade resisted the urge to slap Sherlock, instead he faced John. “So, John, are you a doctor or something?”
But to the vampires, this was not like any other
The entire flat was dark and musty, the curtains were closed and the lack of fresh air gave the flat a familiar stench that belonged in a crack den filled with junkies that haven’t showered in a week. The Alpha didn’t realize that his phone was ringing off the hook and constant text messages were being sent. Sherlock clumsily reached for his phone and scrolled past the 17 missed calls and 58 unread messages.
Sherlock began to stroke himself off, steadily running his hand up and down his cock and greedily chasing after his orgasm. Sherlock was beyond the realm of reality, images of him and John participating in the sacrilegious act of sex were consuming his thoughts. Sherlock was panting roughly when he dipped his head forward and noticed his cock covered in blood.
Anyways, ignore my ramblings and enjoy this chapter!
“That would be the first.”
The prince smiled and offered his hand to Sherlock. “Prince John Watson.”
“Yes.” Joe answered softly.
Since that night with the strange encounter with Sherlock, John came into his flat completely soaked in water. He tore off his wet clothes and jumped into the shower but of course, luck was not on his side for the next day he woke up with a runny nose and a horrible cough that burned his throat. John cursed at his stupid illness, getting sick was horrible, due to his vocal cords being damaged, every time he got sick, his throat would swell a bit, which made his coughs unbearable.
Sherlock stared at John, staying quiet until he came to a conclusion. “I’ve disappointed you.”
The D.I. leaned up and sweetly kissed Mycroft. “You’re the only man in my life.”
John lifted a bag containing Lestrade’s order. “
Sherlock was confused. “You’re not?”
“True.” The D.I. pointed towards the kitchen. “Anderson’s my sniffer dog.”
John offered a tight smile. “
For a brief second, Sherlock saw the dark color of his blood coloring John’s knuckles and he adored the sight of John bearing his essence. Already, Sherlock felt his breath hitching knowing that a piece of him was sinking through John’s pores, a religious commencement of their own blood mixing together in order to define their ownership over one another.
The detective faced the murderer outside, the man, Jeff, exchanged a few words with Sherlock before entering his taxi, causing the detective to follow behind, joining the man in the taxi.
Yeah, it was just another shitty night that involved coming home, being drenched in water from head to toe and possibly catching a cold.
“The wall had it coming.”
The detective looked at the paint. “They’ve been here. And that’s the exact same paint?”
“Are you sure it was her brother?”
Lestrade was beyond confused. “Why do you say suitcase? How do you know she had a suitcase?”
Sherlock snorted. “Please.”
“Their books?” The D.I. asked.
“Look at me when I talk to you!” Sherlock snarled, grabbing John’s wrist and using John’s own hand to slap John across the face.
“Oh of course, go ahead.” Lestrade urged the blond to go and do what he had to do.
John remained seated. “
The detective pointed at the small blotches of mud coloring the woman’s tights and began to explain how Jennifer had to drag a suitcase behind her, which caused these tiny splashes to land on her tights. Sherlock squatted down by the woman’s body and examined the back of her legs more closely. “Now, where is it? What have you done with it?”
Fuck, the Alpha couldn’t hold back his urge any longer. John needed to have this boy, right this very second before losing his shit and attacking everyone at the party who dared touch
Sherlock quickly helped the shorter man up, “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to make you fall. I should’ve calculated this better.” He gripped John tightly and hoisted him up.
John was wiping down the counters in Speedy’s. Today had been an unbearably slow day but luckily, today John had a short shift. Already, he’s done four hours of work, now he needed to complete the remaining three. John wasn’t really paying attention to the conversation taking place behind him when the owner of Speedy’s called his name.
John motioned for Sherlock to come closer. “Where is it?” Sherlock questioned as he rushed over to the blond, looming over him to see the screen. For a split second, the detective took a whiff of John’s cologne lingering on the man’s jumper and he seemed to enjoy the smell.
The Omega boy kept washing his face, feeling his debilitated muscles clenching when he watched the bright colors of his blood disappearing down the sinkhole. The boy did his best to not wet his suit, though sadly streaks of blood stained the collar of his shirt but it could be easily hidden. Sherlock looked up at himself and immediately hated the person reflected through the mirror.
John smiled, “
Sherlock removed his gloves and fumbled with them for a bit, leaning against the doorframe. “Perhaps I overstepped my boundaries this afternoon.”
Mycroft prepared himself to explain everything to John. “The MoD is working on a new missile defense system, the Bruce-Partington Program, it’s called. The plans for it were on a memory stick.”
Sherlock worriedly faced John, noticing that John’s parka was beginning to absorb all the blood from John’s wounds. “Are you alright?”
“Oof.” Sherlock turned around to face the person he bumped into.
From afar, Sally watched Sherlock and John walking away. “Fishing! Try fishing!”
“Can you drive this car really fast?” Sherlock wondered.
The trembling man that still remained unmoved from his previous spot spoke into the phone, “
Before Soo Lin followed Dimmock inside his office, she faced John, cupping his face. “Thank you. For what you did. It was very brave of you. A man such as yourself is considered beautiful in my eyes. You are a diamond in the rough. Don’t let others tell you otherwise.”
Mrs. Hudson headed into the kitchen and came back with a newspaper in hand. “What about these suicides, then Sherlock? Are you going back to solve this one? I thought that’d be right up your street. Three exactly the same.”
John lifted himself from his seat and headed downstairs. Sherlock was confused as to why the blond was leaving. “John, where are you going! Didn’t you want to know what Rachel is?!”
“No, he was just a client. He came in here and hired one of my cars. I’ve no idea what happened to him. Poor sod.”
Sherlock was confused by John’s reaction. “I was helping you.”
The horses stopped in place, standing on their hind legs and neighing loudly, the coachman pulled back the reins and tried to control the horses. The center of the tree was entirely rotten, once the spark of fire reached the inside of the tree, there was another huge explosion. Chunks of the dead tree were flying everywhere and due to the heat, the sounds, and the unexpected events, the horses fled without the command of their master.
A high sing song voice rippled throughout the entire pool. “How clever, Sherlock. Though a bit slow, if you don’t mind me saying. I gave you my number… not directly but it was in your hands. I thought you might call.”
John grabbed the shoe and observed it. “
John took one step forward, almost being chest to chest with Sherlock and balling his hands into fists. “I thought you were the ones who hated hearing people repeating themselves. Can you not hear beyond your own ego? I said leave her alone.”
Sherlock stopped searching the man’s pockets and looked at John. “Good, you follow.”
“Eh, I wanted to come in person and see your reaction. Besides we can go out a bit and keep you away from this flat.” Lestrade suggested.
“Good.” Sherlock cooed.
“Can’t?” Mycroft repeated.
The detective snorted. “Firstly, you’re holding it wrong.”
The detective began to cut open the envelope, carefully pushing the blade against the thick envelope until he opened it completely. Sherlock peeked inside and retrieved a phone with a pink case.
The blond approached the detective. “
John wasn’t sure how to react to Sherlock’s words. He began to feel guilt, he shouldn’t have overreacted and basically almost broke Sherlock’s nose but he was standing his ground and not showing any signs of feebleness. Then John realized that Sherlock meant well and as he analyzed the situation again, he concentrated on the smaller details. He remembered how Sherlock said that he studied sign language, then it hit him,
Since the man wasn’t answering, the detective continued talking. “Okay, tell me this, your sponsor. Who was it? The one who told you about me — my fan. I want a name.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Of course, I’d be lost without the one person I truly care about.”
John quickly spun around, happy to know that he was going in the right direction. “
“No, you won’t!” Jim sang.
Sherlock was scrolling through his phone. “He’s been in the river a long while, the water’s destroyed most of the data. But I’ll tell you one thing, that last Vermeer painting is a fake.”
gender was highly thrived into. But London needed stability, power, and dementia. All the people scurrying around London didn’t have the slightest requirements to even taking the position of controlling London.
Sherlock and John exited the flat and began to walk down the street. “
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Ugh!”
“Thank you.” Sherlock returned his gaze to the window but his eyes always seemed to travel towards John’s direction.
“It isn’t!”
Besides, the unnerving feeling of knowing but not knowing who this man is, was throwing John off a bit. John broke away from the Alpha’s scrutinizing gaze and turned to see the train coming from the tunnel. John needed to get on this train to lead the targets towards a part of London where he would torture and kill them without any inconveniences.
Mrs Hudson left with a basket of clean clothes in her hands and the two men remained on the floor.
The lights illuminating the room went black.
The detective entered the car and couldn’t help but gawk at the interior of the vehicle. “It’s very nice.”
“Sherlock.” Mycroft crossed his legs. “I know that we both thought that we didn’t need companionship or partners to keep us happy. I was wrong about that, since I met Gregory, things have rippled out nicely. It may not show but I am happy with him. What I’m concerned about is how you’ll react when you reciprocate the same emotions of… sentiment towards John.”
John shrugged his shoulders. “
John took the phone and looked at the photo while the detective raced through his thoughts. “
Though werewolves were fewer in number, the war itself had become perilous. For the moon no longer held her sway over werewolves. Older, more powerful werewolves were now able to change at will. The weapons had evolved, but their orders remained the same: hunt them down and kill them off, one by one, every werewolf that dared to live in London.
Sherlock began his long explanation about the age of the woman, her ride to Cardiff, her unhappy marriage which resulted in her having a string of lovers, the presumed name that was carved into the wooden floor is Rachael and finishing with the obvious element, a suitcase.
Greg grabbed Sherlock’s arm. “You have blood on your sleeve.”
Captain Kirk looked at Spock and shouted, “
“So, this is a hit?” Greg wondered.
“Don’t stare.”
“Sorry sweetheart, wrong question.”
The detective faced Lestrade. “Who is she?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and came a bit closer to John. “Yeah, but if you were dying… if you’d been murdered, in your very last few seconds what would you say?”
Sherlock happily kicked the door open and left the gallery. Miss Wenceslas was left alone, she walked towards the painting and stared at it for a long time.
The detective decided to pluck the strings from his violin with his fingers. “If you’re so keen, why don’t you investigate it?”
“Get out! Both of you!” The older man shouted.
Sherlock was way beyond listening to John and he scarcely managed to hear a few words of importance before the Alpha abruptly turned around and faced John. “Dance with me.”
Mr Prince was befuddled. “What?”
Yet it was a delightful sensation to see the moment when John sensed Sherlock’s presence, Sherlock could see John’s posture becoming stiff and the deliciously slight twitch running through John’s hands. Sherlock couldn’t help the shiver running down his spine; this is the effect he had on John, he had the power to make John revert back into a primitive instinct that screamed of hostility.
John shook his head, not knowing what the hell she was talking about or… actually was she talking about the jade pin?
Sherlock looked at John. “John.”
Greg sighed and showed Mrs. Hudson a folder that contained a bunch of cases. “Let’s see if these babies will snap him out of his trance.” Lestrade went upstairs and didn’t bother to knock as he entered Sherlock’s flat. “Sherlock?”
“Bless you.” Lestrade and Sherlock said in unison.
“Good. That’s good, isn’t it?” Mycroft got up as Sherlock whipped the bow of his violin to the side.
The woman let out a relieved sigh when she heard the sirens from afar coming to rescue her.
“You’ve come the closest.”
John went around the lab table and came next to Sherlock, retrieving Sherlock’s phone.
“And?”
John looked down at his body. “
The increasing sounds of cheers were the only echoes that resounded through the empty flats surrounding London. “
“The Van Buren Supernova!” Sherlock shouted into the phone.
Sherlock answered for John. “Yes, he is. Hence why I brought him here with me.” The detective left the two as he began to study the body closely.
John rang the doorbell and waited patiently for Sherlock to open the door.
“His arm?” Greg questioned.
“No.”
Sherlock reached for his wallet and held out a bill. “I know this is terrible of me, you see, my husband hates it when I smoke but I would like some change for the cigarette machine outside.”
Sherlock held the camera up, focusing the lens and clumsily snapping pictures while moving the camera everywhere.
“What?”
Sally looked back at Sherlock and with a nod, Sherlock cocked both guns and faced Bainbridge. In a spilt second, Sherlock snarled in rage as a warped misinterpretation clouded his judgement. From Sherlock’s point of view, he saw Bainbridge attacking John. From John’s point of view, Bainbridge was still unconscious and John had finally managed to keep the werewolf upright so he could swoop down and lift the werewolf onto his shoulder.
The detective stood up in a dramatic fashion and yelled, “I’m bored!”
But Sherlock liked where this was going but he knew, no matter how this would end, Sherlock would win. The taller boy ran his tongue over the seam of his lips and hovered over John’s mouth, mimicking the action of biting into John’s lip and making the gesture with his mouth so lewd that John turned away from Sherlock’s gaze and made a disgusted face, not giving Sherlock the satisfaction of believing that John enjoyed this.
“Doesn’t mean I can’t appreciate it.”
Sherlock took John’s hand and shook it. “Prince Sherlock Holmes. At your service.”
Sebastian threw himself back in his chair. “Go on, enlighten me.” He smiled at John. “Let’s see your husband in action. Two trips a month, flying all the way around the world, you’re quite right. How could you tell? Are you going to tell me there’s a stain on my tie from some special kind of ketchup you can only buy in Manhattan?”
“What’s wrong love?” Lestrade asked.
Mrs. Hudson anxiously turned away. “Ou, I need to hide my herbal soothers for my hip.”
“Definitely. The Golem squeezes the life out of his victims with his bare hands.”
Sherlock took a peek before facing John. “Well, he has a distinctive look. He has to hide somewhere where tongues won’t wag… much.”
John pointed at Sherlock. “
The building was tall, the long way down seemed like the perfect drop but Sherlock wondered if the building was high enough for him. The Omega boy felt his lower lip trembling as he began to weep, he hated everything and everyone hated him. There was nothing more to offer, the world was just a spinning planet with the benefits of gravity and natural resources.
John read the incoming texts and frowned. “
The Omega lifted the Alpha onto his arms, cradling Sherlock against him and lightly slapping the side of the Alpha’s cheek. “Hey. Hey. Come on, don’t close your eyes. What’s your name? Can you tell me your name?”
, their ‘guest of honor’ was John Watson. Sherlock felt his heart stopping when he realized it was John...
“Again! Clearly too much information!”
Kirk had enough of John’s outburst, “Take him away.”
John ran up the stairs and was welcomed by the sight of Sherlock holding his violin and Mycroft sitting in the chair opposite of him.
“We’re the only ones left, Sherlock.” John was panting heavily while he rested his hands on his thighs.
The Omega boy was losing air, his lungs were hurting and he was on the verge of having a panic attack unless he managed to breathe in the next few seconds. Sherlock powerlessly tried to move his head to the side to breathe, till finally the boy caught a glimpse of the lamp on the nightstand. The Omega boy tried to take in as much air as he could before Victor cruelly pulled his head up.
No symbols. No yellow paint. Nothing.
The blond managed to acquire the journalist’s diary and written on a specific date, a visit to a store was made where a restaurant was located across the street.
“Of course, anyways the boy, Carl Powers, had some kind of fit in the water, but by the time they got him out, it was too late. There was something wrong and I couldn’t get it out of my head.”
Sherlock shrugged. “Seven, so far.”
If John lingered another five seconds, Sherlock’s bullet would have gone through John’s skull.
“Hello- “Lestrade looks down at the man’s name tag. “John.” John smiles again.
At this point, he was stuck in this part of his life, living in a small room and working to earn money to survive. As John came back to his senses, he looked to his left and realized how empty the space was next to him. For years, he’s been alone and he wondered how it would be to have someone at his side and have that person accept him the way he is. His mind drifted to remember what day it was. It’s Friday, yep he works today. He looks to his right and sees the time. It’s 8:30 am, well he has an hour and a half to get ready and go to work.
‘‘Okay?’’ He asked, his voice soft and gentle.
Lestrade raised his eyebrows, and John regretted being alive.
‘‘Doesn’t he?!’’ John placed a hand on his forehead, already listing several ways to kill Mycroft, before Sherlock walked over to him and placed both hands on John’s waist.
Sherlock looked confused. Then he looked offended, ‘‘I’m your friend’’
’’ He started to go around John to get inside, but John blocked his way.
‘‘You’re not really getting the hang of this game, are you, Sherlock?’’
John left the room.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, ‘‘God, why?’’
John felt rather then heard Sherlock beside him. Cold fingers graced his neck, brushing against the hairs at his nape. John’s stomach settled down.
He sighed ‘‘Mary is being kept in a maximum-security prison. I’ve been arranging her incarceration ever since the day after I found out she shot you’’
Harry grimaced, but she said, ‘‘Sure, her too. Whatever.’’
Sherlock sensed his tension and wanted nothing more than to take his hand. He opted for a safest way to show his affection ‘‘John, have I ever told you that you are pretty damn smart?’’
‘‘John, John, John...’’ He was rocking again, undulating his hips against John’s face, and suddenly John couldn’t take it anymore. He reached one arm around to pump Sherlock’s cock fast, while his other jerked his own cock, putting it right against where Sherlock was open and glistening.
Sherlock mirrored him, and John shivered when he felt Sherlock’s breath on his mouth, ‘‘You cleaned the house too. That was nice’’
‘‘I feel like I’ve been cheating on you. How ridiculous is that?’’ John let out a broken laugh and got up. On his way out his arm brushed against the nightstand and Sherlock’s (
John settled on the chair and began reading.
‘‘Oh, I didn’t… mean to interrupt you’’ John said placing his hand on the back of his head. His hair was messy from running his hands through it several times.
He took advantage of John’s hold on him to wrap his legs around John’s waist, wordlessly asking to be taken.
Sherlock started to make his way towards them when he saw Nile running her hand up and down John’s arm, and John’s answering and charming smile.  Sherlock felt a lump form in his throat, jealousy running hot in his veins as he changed directions and went for the bathroom instead. He looked at himself in the mirror, taking deep breaths to calm himself down.
He looked up.
. Lestrade was climbing up the stairs, two at a time. ‘‘Do. Not. Tower over me again. You know I don’t like it’’
‘‘Sherlock, I don’t have the power to make people kill each other, you know’’ He said, signing the papers that Donavan was putting in front of him.
Air got stuck on John’s throat. His chin jerked to the side, ‘‘The-’’
‘‘Have you guessed who has been doing this, then?’’ Mycroft got up as well, walking around the room ‘‘Who is hellbent on portraying an emotionless version of Sherlock Holmes and cannot accept that he loves John Watson? Who is only concerned with the crime work, but not the obvious romance between the detective and his doctor?’’
Sherlock screamed.
John frowned, his breath caught in his throat, and went with a whispered ‘‘Yes. Of course, I do’’ as he caressed Sherlock’s curls.
‘‘Oh’’ he said, and seemed to remember that his hands were still in John’s head, because he began to tug on it.
Said lovely lips were mouthing a word. Her name.
to feel like absolute garbage? He felt like they were Sherlock and John before the fall, before he met Mary and decided to settle down.
John laughed, also sounding affected ‘‘They were singing’’
‘‘You are not our father. You are so much more, John. And I know that what you feel for Sherlock defines you. Expands you. Fulfils you’’ she took John’s face in her hands, and they looked at each other’s eyes, shades of blue that mirrored each other, ‘‘This moment - right here, you and me - can be the first day of the rest of your like. Or you can keep getting it wrong until one of you actually dies of frustration. The truth of it is: you and Sherlock were made for each other’’
why this isn’t fun. Everything is just John, John, John. That ordinary, ridiculous and boring little man’’
‘‘Well, yes. But there is a lot more to the word than that’’
‘‘Where are we going?’’
‘‘You pretend to hate me. You pretend to hate my friends, my habits, my hobbies, my job’’ Taylor Mayden was an Instagram influencer with less than one hundred followers. ‘‘But this’’ she pointed at herself, ‘‘this is what you like’’
‘‘Yes, you did’’
Sherlock looked around Mrs. Hudson kitchen, excessively decorated with fairy lights, ornaments and miniature Santas, and started laughing quite loudly. Their landlady slapped John’s arm in amusement and their conversation quickly turned into something else.
‘‘Doesn’t have to be now’’ He said, finally finishing his ministrations on Sherlock’s back and walking to stand in front of him. Said detective looked more terrified than ever, and John thought of all the times that Sherlock pretended to be above all else, and said that feelings were ‘the crack in the lens’. This was a man who had crushes and imagined how his name and that person’s last name would go together. John could see, right there, how big Sherlock’s heart truly was and, before he knew it, he was crying too. He ran his fingers through the detective’s hair, pushing back his fringe to give him a light kiss on his forehead.
John cleared his throat before he said ‘‘Well, I think I want to spend Christmas at Baker Street’’ he said caressing Sherlock’s curls again. The detective placed a hand over John’s heart, forcing himself to pay attention to what John was saying despite all of his desires.
John was smiling, but his expression soon turned very serious when he ran his thumb over that ridiculous upper lip and that sinful lower lip.  ‘‘Do you mind if I…’’ He raised him eyebrow, playful, and Sherlock’s eyes widened.
for about two years after I graduated’’ Nathan said to John, smiling ‘‘It was a
‘‘Come in’’ He said, smiling slightly. Robert’s mouth was a flat line and his brow was furred when he came in, stomping his way to the stairs.
‘‘And tomorrow we burn this kitchen down and build a new one from scratch’’ Sherlock mumbled. His throat hurt from a difficult night of breathing the strong smell of sulfur, so much so that he considered crashing on Mrs. Hudson coach. John laughed, which was followed by a cough.
, he thought with a shimmer of hope – and then gave himself a mental shake for actually thinking that that would be good. ‘‘I hear that you desire to move out of Baker Street’’
Sherlock raised that hidden eyebrow, ‘‘Let’s play deductions. If one of us is right the other person drinks’’
Despite the captain’s command, they wore different clothes that night, but they did try to look and smell even better than they normally do. However, Eric and Nathan seemed to be, to John’s horror, perfect. Eric was black, green-eyed and tall whereas Nathan was blond and short, both undeniably handsome. They were wearing formal clothes and matching ties, looking like
‘‘I’ll order some vegetarian soup from the room service. Who knows, maybe Gary will give us a discount’’ Sherlock said in a low tone, trying to soothe John into sleep, but the doctor just smiled.
‘‘Can I look through them in a room here, somewhere?’’
When he was a teenager, this meant coming between his sister and his father’s fists, holding the old man down while he screamed bloody murder. John would wear his bruises like battle scars.
‘‘What was her… well, how did she…’’ Sherlock didn’t know how to finish that sentence, but John seemed to understand.
am unbelievable?’’
John raised his eyebrows, inhaling deeply, ‘‘We can try whatever you want. Just not because it’s what you think I want or need’’
‘‘That was the name of my childhood pet, a bloodhound. He… well, I never had many friends and he was… he was my friend. He became very ill, so my family had to put him down’’ Sherlock frowned ‘‘I was very upset, and-’’
‘‘Yes’’
John was past pretending, it would seem. His entire body was betraying him.
‘‘I do wish you’d tell me when you decide to eat my food’’ She said, pretending to be upset, and John was the one responsible for the small talk (
‘‘Robert made sure that shit was ingrained deep within our psyches’’ Harry murmured; her hands were running soothingly on John’s back.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows and looked down at John’s glass, which made John roll his eyes and drink.
‘‘Why not?’’ Sherlock honest to God pouted a little. Put upon because John was refusing to fuck him.
‘‘You were amazing today’’ He smiled ‘‘You brought closure to those girls’ families’’.
‘‘Well, it is our home’’
‘‘John, you mustn’t jump to conclusions’’ Sherlock said, calmly.
Once in their room, Sherlock quietly claimed the bed by the window and watched as John stood still, a hand against his cheek as if pondering with a dilemma.
have protected you’’
Harry hummed, ‘‘Right, but why do you like that he is gay?’’
He decided to stake his claim, too.
Sherlock nodded just as a tear escaped him, and John wasted no time getting bellow those covers, lying on top of Sherlock and folding around his body, pressing his lips to that bare throat, moving them up to Sherlock’s ear just to lick at it.
He didn’t hear what Lestrade had said (or even where he needed to go), but the most important thing to be done at that moment was go get John, and so he did. The restaurant was posh and way above John’s pay grade (as was the woman John was with) and Sherlock would forever swear that throwing water on her was an accident (even though it wasn’t). John had been slapped in the face and had watched her go before turning to Sherlock and saying:
‘‘If you know who we are than you should know better than to tell me to leave my boyfriend alone in this ambulance’’ John, no, Captain Watson said, taking Sherlock’s hand in his.
, John thought, already a bit sleepy.
-How can a human being be so perfect? I don’t understand – Sherlock murmured to herself, awestruck, making John giggle.
Moriarty sighed ‘‘You see, that, right there, is
Sherlock looked at him for a long moment, his expression soft and hopeful and absolutely beautiful. ‘‘John, y-’’
John thought that, once in their room, he was going to have to negotiate with Drunk-Sherlock a different time for him to strip-tease to John, but as soon as Sherlock’s head touched the pillow, he started snoring.
to watch you dance, always loved it. But in comes John Watson, this irritating man who dares to turn a god into a weak little boy. That’s what you are with him, Sherlock, a
‘‘You prefer making him happy than making Mary happy?’’
But by the time that the first guests arrived, John was beginning to worry. John read over Harry’s shoulder Alice’s messages that they were coming back, but his anxiety only disappeared when he heard the front door opening.
‘‘Look, John, its three in the morning. You just showed up at my house insultingly drunk and upset and feeling sorry for yourself – a horrible combination, by the way – so could you just tell me what’s wrong so that I can move on with my life’’
‘‘Always, John’’
Sherlock felt his eyes watering as he read it, and he just folded the paper and put it inside his coat pocket, offering the nice lady one last smile before going back home, all the roads leading him back to Baker Street.
‘‘We both did’’ Sherlock murmured. He walked towards the kitchen to prepare them both some tea, and John followed him.
John blinked a few times, shaking his head. He felt uncomfortable in his own skin, something cold and heavy on his stomach. ‘‘My sister is gay, Sherlock. Several friends from the army were gay. In fact, being gay in the army is more common than people think. I’ve never had any problem-’’
, Sherlock’s mind supplied as an answer, his voice seemed to have disappeared. But John continued.
‘‘Can we go after lunch?’’ Sherlock said, quickly.
‘‘Fine I… It calmed me’’ He looked down, took a deep breath and continued ‘‘I also stole a jumper’’
‘‘You like to push me into a breaking point. Misbehave.
-I’m sorry – Sherlock sobbed, tears uninhibited, and continued mumbling – I know I shouldn’t have left you. I didn’t want to leave you. I didn’t. I
John hadn’t stopped his ministrations and Sherlock started to shyly respond to them. ‘‘You’ve eaten even less than usual’’ John said, disapproval in his voice.
Sherlock’s bottom lip trembled and John pulled him in a hug as he cried. They went back to Baker Street hand in hand, with John occasionally kissing his knuckles. When they were in bed, and John was already asleep, Sherlock replayed that memory over and over again, trying to make his mind believe… trying to make himself believe that he was loved.
In the first few months of cohabitating Sherlock’s heart would beat faster for no reason, she would – dear god – blush all the time. Not to mention the countless times when she had to refrain from smiling. Realizing her feelings only made it worse, somehow. She dreamt of morning kisses, of cuddling on the sofa, of John’s hands combing her hair. She fantasized about late night kisses, about cuddling in her bed, about John’s hands massaging her back.
‘‘Oh yeah, you must be Sherlock’’ Harry said with a faint Scottish accent. She offered her hand to Sherlock after she was done hugging John, and Sherlock found himself being accessed by her observing eyes. She seemed to have liked whatever conclusion she had reached, a smile tugging on her cheeks, before she led them to her car.
John shook his head, ‘‘Nothing, it’s just...’’ He bit his lip, inhaling deeply for courage, ‘‘I’m sorry I put you through that’’
While Scotland Yard wasn’t known for its general competence in its duty with justice, it
‘‘I was... I hurt his feelings. With the way that I denied being gay, I guess’’
When their tongues touched Sherlock honestly thought that he would die from heart exhaustion or would, at best, pass out. And he really must have, because the next thing he knew John was carrying him to his bed. John laid down next to him, placing his hand over Sherlock’s heart. He smiled once he noticed its quick pace, and lifted Sherlock’s hand to his own chest.
Sherlock said by kissing John’s jaw line.
. He took a few calming breaths as John held him. ‘‘I wish I could tell you something that will make it all better. That will make you see that everything is okay…’’ he whispered, kissing Sherlock’s forehead.
He then, not so daintily, smeared some lube on his hand and stroked John with it.
‘‘Come on. You don’t live far from here. We can walk’’
Harry nodded again ‘‘I understand’’ she said, and they continued their chores in silence. Two hours went by before his phone vibrated in his pocket with two messages from Sherlock.
There was a long pause, and John almost put his phone down before it vibrated again.
Sherlock pulled himself from John’s embrace, stopping in front of him ‘‘I said I’m
John shook his head, ‘‘I’m not mourning
-Hush – John whispered, running her thumps on Sherlock’s face, cleaning away the tears, and sitting her down on the sofa. She, herself, knelt on the sofa and sat on her ankles, so they were on the same level – Moriarty forced you to do it. We were met with a worthy opponent, and he forced us to be apart. But Sherlock-
‘‘I love you’’ Sherlock said, simply, as if that could possibly translate everything that he was feeling.
When their mouths touched, it felt like forgiveness.
‘‘Yeah, we need to calm down’’ He breathed out, smiling.
‘‘It’s nice to meet both of you’’ Sherlock said, smiling and shaking their hands ‘‘I’m Sherlock and this is my boyfriend, Doctor John Watson’’. It was John’s turn to shake their hands, a fake smile plastered in his face. They sat down around the table, Mrs. Hudson and Mrs. Turner smiling at each other, while the two couples made small talk.
‘‘She battled with depression her whole life, and she didn’t have a very supportive husband’’ John frowned ‘‘But it’s Christmas eve and we’re together, so let’s talk about hap-’’
‘‘I spend more time in here than I should’’ Sherlock murmured, imitating Mycroft’s position on his bed.
It felt impossible, now, to hold it in. He only noticed the tears when Sherlock wiped them away, a scared expression on his face. He’d never seen John like this. He’d never seen John cry. ‘‘John, please’’ he whispered, ‘‘Please’’. And he pulled John in a hug.
Sherlock blushed furiously, a pink hue coloring his cheeks and neck, which he could see since Sherlock had taken out all of his layers to be wearing only his pants. He supported himself on his elbows to watch John remove his own clothes, and John had to take a deep calming breath as he turned around to turn out the lights. They got under the covers looking at each other’s silhouette and laid down on their sides, facing each other without touching. John made the first move by bringing Sherlock closer, the warmth of his bare skin making a shiver go down John’s spine.
‘‘I want to stop mourning’’
‘‘Irene was, hm, smart and, well, enigmatic… like you, I guess’’ John looked down with a frown, already upset that he brought that woman up, which only became worse when Sherlock threw his head back, laughing. ‘‘Glad you’re having fun’’ John said, and this time he tried to pull away from the hug, but Sherlock stopped him.
Harry stared at him for a few seconds before saying ‘‘The fact that you are so afraid of that being true tells you everything you need to know’’.
What the hell was he doing? Was John supposed to ignore the vulnerability behind Sherlock’s eyes, pretend it’s all just an act? Why would Sherlock even be so vulnerable? Was it just a question of virginity or-
John widened his eyes, ‘‘You’ll go with me?’’
He wiped away the water in his face to see John’s reflection standing by one of the stalls. Sherlock tried to smile ‘‘I was… well, a bit hot in there. I just came to…hum’’
Sherlock watched John for a couple of minutes, before lying in his own bed and entering his mind palace, which was quieter and more stable than it was the day before. Using John as a decoder ring for his memories proved to be an effective way to sort out the truth from the fiction. He couldn’t tell for sure if his meeting with Mycroft and Lady Smallwood had been real, but he assumed it was, since he wasn’t currently in prison. The day after that, however, on January 3rd, someone began to plant false memories in his mind.
‘‘It looks… um’’ Sherlock frowned at his inability to form sentences.
John sighed, stretching his body beneath the thick covers on his bed as he closed his eyes and let the exhaustion he’d been feeling for the past days drag him down to a blissful darkness. He almost didn’t hear his phone buzzing on the nightstand. John lazily picked it up and squinted at the bright screen.
Sherlock pulled him to the kitchen by his hand, not saying a word. They both froze when they saw that the table was set, and there was a steaming lasagne in the middle of it.
‘‘Don’t be ridiculous’’ Sherlock said, shaking his head. ‘‘It is dangerous theorize before you have all the data, and you really want to believe that Mycroft is evil. Even if project Hound hasn’t been reactivated or updated, we can test my blood and see if something comes up’’
Said detective was looking at John intently. ‘‘You’re right’’ he murmured, simply. He got up and made his way quickly out the storage house where they were.
, John’s brain supplied) wrapped his legs around John’s waist.
‘‘Yes’’ Sherlock smiled, kissing him again, and John giggled. He looked at him, waiting to see if Sherlock was going to interrupt him. Eventually he seemed satisfied enough.
of you’’ She said, then she turned to Harry, who didn’t seem very surprised ‘‘Has this been going on all this time?’’
‘‘I’m sorry’’ he said, looking down, disentangling himself from Sherlock’s grip. He took a few steps back, clearing his throat, ‘‘You okay to get back home on your own?’’
‘‘Mrs. Hudson, Sherlock and I haven’t paid rent since March 2010. It’s okay’’ John said, making their landlady giggle and hit him in the arm, and after that Sherlock stopped paying attention again.
Honestly, the photos didn’t provide any more clarity than what he had surmised on the crime scene. All eight victims had signs of having practiced one type or another of bondage, of being asphyxiated, of having been a part of a BDSM scene. John looked at Sherlock again, already shaking his head apologetically.
John thought that the world as a whole was ignorant to the fact that scotch had the ability to cleanse all chakras, open your third eye, and make human beings reach nirvana. John felt, ultimately, terrible – he was nauseated, nearly blind and uncoordinated – however his mind had never been clearer. He discovered things about himself that he would have never discovered sober.
’’ she had said, bending down to kiss him. The whole memory was saturated into a bright red.
Thanks for reading!
His hands moved to Sherlock’s trousers, opening the button and the zipper in swift movements, ‘‘This okay?’’ he whispered, and forced his hands to still.
PS: This is in Sherlock's point of view again, and probably will continue to be until the end, as I find it much easier to write from his perspective.
Sherlock nodded against John's chest.
‘‘That was the best sex of my life’’
‘‘I’m not’’ She said, hunching to rest her elbows over her knees.
John’s legs failed him, but Sherlock was right there with him, guiding them both to the floor so he could pull John half on his lap. John’s hands were adherent to Sherlock’s coat, his face buried in the detective’s scarf, secured within Sherlock’s arms. No matter how much John’s mind tried to describe what they were doing, he couldn’t ignore the horrible sobs coming from his mouth, the tears soaking his face. He wanted to be done, he wanted to go back to being numb, but he couldn’t.
‘‘John, never underestimate your importance to the work’’ Sherlock said before he could think better of it. He blushed and cleared his throat, realizing that, even though John could never know the magnitude of his importance to Sherlock, he could at least know a part of it ‘‘It’s… better… when you are there… with me’’
‘‘For how long have I been gone?’’ Sherlock asked, sounding confused a bit frightened. He looked at John’s watch with wide eyes ‘‘
John bit his lip at the interruption. Of course, Sherlock would want to turn this into a game. It wasn’t every day that John knew something that he didn’t. He sighed, again, ‘‘Alright’’, and he surfed through the channels.
‘‘No, I’m not. I’m keeping it safe and sound’’ Sherlock said, and raised his hips again, taunting John. ‘‘Go look for it’’
‘‘Yeah, fine’’ John looked at Sherlock with a grin ‘‘Entertaining’’
‘‘How do you not hate me?’’ Sherlock pulled his hand, hugging himself to hide his prominent ribs.
‘‘Change my mind about you? Christ, love, what are you even...’’
It didn’t take very long the find John’s handwriting in that bowl of white papers. He’d actually taken an effort to make it look good. Sherlock took a deep breath before opening the paper and reading it:
‘‘But there was… another thing… that made me hopeful’’ And John’s heart sped up when Sherlock raised his head again ‘‘I was in your room… because of your rock collection and then the dust made me open the windows and…’’ Sherlock frowned, trying to decipher John’s narrative.
John backed away to look at Sherlock with hurt eyes. ‘‘Okay, you’re right’’ he pouted, and Sherlock’s lips twitched in a smile.
If John was a smart man, he might have seen it sooner. His visceral reaction to how shamelessly Irene Adler wanted to own Sherlock Holmes. How angry he was when she drugged the detective. How jealous he was from seeing Sherlock mourning her. And then, that final day, when he was barely aware of what he was saying, he just wanted nothing more than to erase the imprint of her lips on Sherlock’s cheek.
John blinked, then frowned, ‘‘It wasn’t obvious’’
‘‘You are really excited for this party’’ John said as he put on his tie ‘‘Makes me think that they have strip dancers and… caged tigers or something’’
She scoffed, ‘‘You don’t know?’’
Sherlock had asked. And John had. He had been hurting him. Keeping himself away. Only offering comfort when the detective admitted he needed him. When Sherlock was willing to beg for it.
‘‘We don’t
John rolled his eyes, ‘‘What to do want from me, Sherlock, since you clearly know everything?’’
They kissed for a while, enjoying the intimacy of each other’s touch, before Anderson interrupted them with news from the fan club. John watched the interaction between an enthusiastic Anderson and a polite Sherlock before he asked him if he wanted anything to drink. ‘‘Just some water, I guess’’ Sherlock whispered to John while Anderson, undeterred, continued talking. 15 minutes had passed and there was still something to be said about the group of people who idolized Sherlock.
For instance, John Watson was a monster.
‘‘You’re going to kill me’’ John said, and he was surprisingly resigned to that. Sherlock let out a breathy laugh that was a miracle on itself, stopping his movements to remove his pants.
Sherlock bit his lip to keep from smiling ‘‘What are we getting away
Sherlock sighed, wiggling his legs to hook them over John’s, his arms following suit. Then he giggled when John’s tongue became too insistent.
‘‘I want to take care of you, love. Every day. Make you feel special and cherished and cared for’’ John bent over to kiss his head, ‘‘Would you like that?
Sherlock had three seconds to process the gun going off and Mycroft’s body falling to the ground before the sound of another shot echoed through the lab.
John took a deep breath, separating himself from Harry, ‘‘I’m calling it off’’
Sherlock hid his smile with his glass, biting his lip, and John felt his stomach flip. Sherlock looked so young now, the liquor making his movements fluid and free. Did it say something about John that this is the most content and happy he’s been in weeks, maybe even years? That it took copious amounts of alcohol and a very drunk best friend to get him
When the fall happened, John died and not in a poetic or symbolic way.
Sherlock must have seen some fondness on John’s face, because he turned his head, analysing, still kneeling, but rising from his seating position to come closer, between John’s legs.
John Watson can easily map out in his head how his feelings for Sherlock Holmes progressed over the years they’ve known each other. First came admiration and attraction, which he felt on the course of the first 48 hours of their partnership. Sherlock was beautiful and mysterious, alluring in a way John was helpless to resist.
’’ Sherlock sobbed, turning his head to look at his beautiful and perfect army doctor. He had a bruise on his left cheek, close to his eye, and his hair had been brushed back and away from his forehead.
‘‘Sherlock Holmes, listen to me’’ He said, looking at Sherlock’s eyes with intent ‘‘I have forgiven you, and I will have forgiven you even when you can’t forgive yourself. I have loved you and I will love you, even when you can’t love yourself’’
he had written on his letter. He’d been kissing Sherlock’s ring finger for days…
‘‘Mark me’’ Sherlock whispered, and it must have been the right thing to say because John groaned loudly and did just that, biting and sucking on the skin offered to him.
Sherlock and John looked at the bathroom door, then at each other, then back at the door. It took three full seconds before both of them ran, bumping against each other to try ad claim the shower first. Sherlock won, and he was breathless from laughter as well when he formed a barrier under the threshold.
‘‘You are pathetic’’
John hugged him tighter, ‘‘I don’t like being upset with you, either, love’’ John pulled his chin up, meeting Sherlock’s eyes, ‘‘How about this: if either of us does something that the other one doesn’t like, we talk about it immediately’’
‘‘But I’m...’’ John said, and then he whispered, ‘‘But I’m not gay’’
‘‘This is who I really am. With John, I just… have the courage to show it. I’m stronger because of him’’ Sherlock whispered, not sure if Moriarty understood him. He must have, thought, because he scoffed and got up, walking away from him.
‘‘I don’t think we are going to be needing two bedrooms’’
‘‘Where is he?’’ John asked, his voice rough with a mixture of anger and fear.
‘‘The afghan’’ John said stiffly.
‘‘Not 2 hours and 30 minutes late’’ John protested weakly, biting his lip when Sherlock went to his knees. Sherlock’s next argument, however, was way too compelling for John to dispute.
Sherlock nodded, ‘‘Super inconvenient’’
John smiled, bending down, making sure his lips were as soft and light as a courtship.
‘‘We’ll do it. I’ll have it worked out before midnight. Where is the corpse?’’
John had actually felt embarrassed, ‘‘Did you hear Mrs Hudson coming up?’’
The message said, simply, and John smiled at the word, fumbling with the keys on his phone with his thumbs.
Sherlock turned his chair to face Mycroft as he felt John tensing beside him, reaching for a gun on his back.
fuck,
‘‘Sherlock, will you-’’ But John was interrupted by the bell, which kept ringing quite excessively. They frowned at each other before going to the living room to answer it. Sherlock went to the window, pulling at the curtains.
‘‘Like this’’ Sherlock whispered, and pressed John’s prick against his crack, moving up and down.
John swallowed around a dry throat, trying to gauge any fear or discomfort on Sherlock’s face. The detective was, quite on the contrary, curious. Almost eager, it would seem. Perhaps a bit nervous, agitated. The kind of expression he gets when he is close to finding the answer. When his mind is working over a thousand kilometres per hour.
‘‘You think that’s the kind of thing I would find exciting?’’ Sherlock asked, turning John around to comb and slick his hair back. John let him, amused.
hours?’’ his tone with disbelief ‘‘I didn’t mean to stay out for so long, I’m sorry. I was just… my mind palace was…’’
‘‘Oh, fuck’’ Harry sighed, but she looked like she was trying to keep from smiling.
‘‘You were not… as surprised as I thought you’d be’’ Sherlock said as he traced patterns on John’s tummy.
When he was thirteen, this meant calling the police and, later, the funeral office after his mother was found in the attic. It took two days for tears to finally fall, by which point he was rendered completely incapable of getting out of his bedroom for weeks.
Sherlock looked at the kitchen, well, the toxic waste they used to call a kitchen, and frowned. The sound of John chuckling brought Sherlock’s eyes back to him.
‘‘More than I’ve ever wanted anything else’’
‘‘Sherlock!’’ He yelled as he made a path towards the city center. He tried to call his phone again, feeling his eyes watering. He should have known that no one is immune to that monster’s manipulation. Their mother wasn’t, Clara hadn’t been and now Sherlock…
‘‘Mycroft came over saying Vatican cameos and telling me not to move out of Baker Street’’ Sherlock raised his head to look at John with an incredulous face and John shrugged ‘‘I kind of took the hint’’
Mrs. Hudson tried to make Sherlock speak a bit softer, so John wouldn’t hear him. “It’s not Lestrade dear, it’s a young handsome man.” She giggled excitedly.
Then a man walked in, approaching the detective and John. “Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock pointed at John. “You’re a healthy man in your late 20s heading into your 30s and you’re struggling to acquire enough money to keep your small flat. You were struggling to find a job when you left your parents’ house. Yet, you have a degree in medicine, from the told of your hands, someone lets you practice in their private lab to console your failed accomplishment which you moronically couldn’t accomplish. A bit of a step down, for someone who went through all that trouble to get a degree and end up working at Speedy’s. So, you have endured a common problem that most people must have gone through in their lives. And funny enough, all this information about you still doesn’t answer the fact as to why you didn’t speak.”
The Omega turned to face the Alpha with curiosity and confusion in his eyes. “How did you know I was a doctor? How did you even know I was a captain?”
The detective took deep breaths before he ran towards John, holding the man as he eyed John’s wounds. “Are you alright?”
Sherlock ran up the stairs into the flat, his heart in his throat. “John! John! Where are you?!”
John stood behind the armchair and rested his hands-on top of the armchair. “
“Gas leak, yes?” The detective corrected.
“First of all, when I came to tell you about this case, you didn’t care. And now you do, why the sudden change? Never mind. You know how they never leave notes?”
Jim rolled his eyes, “Deduce.”
The older woman shrugged, “How should I know what goes on in that funny brain of his?”
After figuring out who the dead woman was; Sherlock and John went to the morgue where they met up with Greg.
The D.I. lifted his sleeve as well to show Sherlock his nicotine patch. “Neither do I. Besides, My hates it when I smoke.”
John huffed in annoyance and chuckled. “You’re insufferable, you do know that?”
Sherlock pursed his lips and shrugged. “Don’t know. Dangerous to jump to conclusions. I need data.”
flesh vibrating with innocence.
John agreed. “
That was the last string of patience being snipped into two pieces and John Watson was no longer holding back the urge to rearrange Sherlock’s face. When Sherlock pulled back to see John’s expression, he was expecting the boy to burst into tears. But what he saw instead, was pure rage and Sherlock was not prepared for the speed of John’s hands gripping onto the lapels of Sherlock’s leather jacket and head-butting Sherlock in the face.
John admired the boy’s mouth and possessively caressed the boy’s lower lip with his thumb before snarling out, “No. I don’t suppose I will. In fact, I may never let you go.”
Why would he stoop down to being vulnerable?
Molly was on the verge of crying when she angrily faced John. “Did he really give you his number?”
“He’s mute.” Sherlock explained.
“Oh, the… no, its sun beds, I’m afraid. Too busy to get away. My husband would love it, though.”
John couldn’t help but ask, “
The Omega boy threw the paper towels away when the woman gently touched his shoulder. “I have makeup if you want to cover that up.”
Jim wiped away the blood from his nose and began to giggle madly as he stood up again. “He’s so feisty! I like that. To bad he’s not my type.”
John was at the market, as usual buying groceries since apparently his flat mate cannot be bothered to buy food even if they were starving. The blond grabbed everything that was needed and proceeded to make line at the checkout.
It was no secret that his bloodline was valuable somehow.
Sherlock took in Jim’s words and faced John, there was no doubt that Sherlock was willing to become the devil if it meant saving his brave soldier. “Is there a treatment for John?”
“Think it over.” Mycroft turned to say goodbye to John. “Goodbye John.”
John faced the detective and shrugged his shoulders. “
In a flicker of emergence, new and unborn energy crackled through their bodies. The words almost felt like a kiss against John’s lips and to his horror, a switch had been turned on and images began to rush through his head.
The next morning, Sherlock and John went to a small restaurant because during their non stop cases, John hadn’t managed to get a bite of food. Which hasn’t escaped Sherlock’s notice, so Sherlock offered to go get something to eat, even though he’ll simple stare at John eating the entire time.
Sherlock looked at the window again. “Girlfriend? No, not really my area.”
Jim responded with silence.
Sherlock turned around, his shirt covering his forearms as he looked at the blond. Already, John could see that something was bothering the detective and one wrong move or word could make Sherlock blow into raging chunks of anger.
Sherlock and John were in Mr Ewart’s office, Mr Ewart was responsible for renting the car to Mr Monkford. “Can’t see how I can help you gentlemen.”
The Alpha’s eyes fluttered, the pain burning through his skin and flesh was unbearable. “Sh-Sherlock Holmes.”
“How did you get in?”
“In a bit.”
The man with the bike kissed Liz on the cheek. “Hi, Liz. You okay, love?”
The detective was thrown off guard for a second, he noticed that John was warm… of course, Sherlock spent the whole day running around in the cold wind. So, obviously, John would be warm because he’s spent the last hours inside the flat. But pressing his cold body against John’s warmer one was… nice. It was rare for him to enjoy someone’s company but he found himself not minding having John this close to him.
“There wasn’t a case.” Lestrade offered.
“Obviously, if you’re a genius like me, you’ll learn how to play the violin in three seconds. But since you’re not me, it’ll take a bit longer to understand how everything works. First, we’ll start off with a soft tune.”
Sherlock apologizes but he’s expecting John to accept his apology with open arms. He was mistakened.
Lestrade bit his lip, taking in everything Sherlock said. “Are you sure about this?”
John bundled himself in a black leather jacket, a beige jumper beneath, dark blue jeans, and brown dress shoes. He occasionally had to sneeze and he hated that he’ll show up at Sherlock’s flat, sick. John reached 221B Baker Street and stuffed his tissues in his pockets and knocked on the black door. He waited patiently until he heard footsteps approaching the door.
Sherlock wanted to own the legislations that composed every note corresponding to the existence of John Watson; he wanted to possess the magical aura that defined the viability of John’s soul, he wanted to claim the years awaiting John’s cryptic future, he needed to make John his partner in order to bring forth the sunless abyss that could corrupt a good man’s reputation and he heavily desired the title that dictated John’s loyalty and vulnerability to be known as Sherlock’s mate.
Mrs. Hudson was making her way upstairs and entered Sherlock’s room, “Oh hello Greg. Sherlock when will you leave this flat and do something for once in your life.”
The Alpha perked up a bit. “As I said, I never guess.”
John kneed the man in the stomach and delivered a punch to the man’s face, kicking the man back and tackling him.
John shook his head, “
“Well, I’d better be off. It was so nice to have had a proper chat.”
“Careful.” Sherlock hissed.
The detective did not enjoy the spectacle in front of him, his thoughts were scattered all over the place. He almost forgot the reason why they were here in Scotland Yard.
“Mr Ewart is a liar.”
Sherlock slightly opened his eyes, stealing a peek at his flat mate. “I’m bored.”
So, one day, Sherlock was in the kitchen, looking through his microscope, studying the reactions between bacteria and different types of acid.
Jim chuckled madly. “Good, questions are improving. But Jesus Sherlock, can’t you tell what’s killing your boyfriend?”
No matter, John was here to finish this case, which he’s been working on for about seven months. If his life was on the line, then he would risk it to kill the remaining werewolves representing Moriarty’s lineage and to uncover the truth as to why his blood was heavily desired by the werewolf clan. But, unaware to the corporation John worked for, the Omega was slightly disregarding the orders given to him.
“Five pips, remember, John. It’s a countdown. We’ve only had four.”
“We both can’t stare.”
“Novel.” Sherlock whispered as he looked at his phone. “Taking his time this time.”
Sherlock interrupted their conversation, feeling the tiny bits of irritation crawling over his skin. “Excuse me! No, I didn’t mean the movies or the series or whatever nonsense you both are talking about.”
The next chapter will be my interpretation of the Blind Banker.
Mrs. Hudson brightened up, “Oh honey. You’re mute, aren’t you? That’s alright, a young man upstairs, Sherlock, has a ton of books concerning sign language and every once in a while, I sneak in and study a bit. I know a bit of sign language, so what do you need dearie?”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and stalked towards Mycroft. “What are you talking about?”
That was Sherlock’s golden ticket; he wanted to represent the underworld of evil that can be pushed towards glory and freedom. So, being an angel was never Sherlock’s purpose but if the boy didn’t present enough traits that could deem him as an angel, then why the fuck couldn’t he be the devil.
Kirk bared his teeth and stalked towards the doctor but halted his steps when John pulled the trigger and shot in the direction of his feet, not harming Kirk but warning the man to not take another step forward. “You shot two official guards without even using self defense as a reason, you can be sentenced to death for that.”
John was becoming irritated by the detective’s rude ass attitude. “
John pointed the gun at Moriarty and gently squeezed the trigger when a horrible deafening sound resounded throughout the entire ship. Everyone fell to their knees and tried to cover their ears, John pressed both hands against his ears and shouted to drown out the horrible sound. The lights on the enterprise were flickering violently and many of the bulbs running through the wires were exploding in sparks of electricity.
The voice of an older woman traveled through the call. “
John bit his lip and rolled on the heel of his shoes, as much as it irritated him, he honestly found it fascinating how Sherlock seemed to know everything about him. “
“That door didn’t open last night?” The detective faced Sebastian.
Sherlock, John, and Greg were in a garage of some sort where the rented car containing Mr Monkford’s blood was taken too.
Jim kissed the memory stick, not ignoring the gun pointed towards his face while Sherlock eyed him in disgust. “Boring! I could have gotten them anywhere.”
Pictures of their candidates were a necessarily boring standard procedure that vampires must follow before going out into the public and massacring their fellow werewolves. A simple yet dull system that kept track of every werewolf eliminated by death dealers. James reviewed the photos taken by his camera; with a hiss of disgust that exposed his fangs, he looked up and made eye contact with Sherlock.
John pulled Sherlock to the side, “
The woman gave Sherlock a note and Sherlock quickly opened it before he entered the cab with John.
John gave a piece of paper to Sherlock. “
John and Sherlock approached the body, the detective squatted down on one side of the body while John took the other side, resting himself on his knees. “Well?” Sherlock questioned.
“Four people are dead. There isn’t time to tell the police.”
Sherlock and John faced the window when the screams of Alphas, Betas, and Omegas were amplifying in volume. And to Sherlock’s fear, those screams weren’t of people who were scared to see the person on television. The image on the television kept flickering, an unstable image displaying parts of the Alpha’s face with snippets of the Alpha saying
“Friend?” Sebastian eyed John. “Are you shitting me? He can’t be your friend, not with the way you look at him. Its as if your eyes became two pink hearts and they bursted out of your eyeballs.”
Sherlock and John hailed a cab, heading towards the flat belonging to Edward Van Coon. The detective rang the bell, waiting for a few seconds and then ringing the bell again.
“Jennifer Wilson’s only daughter.”
“Oh, wait.” Sebastian leaned forward. “Is it the mud on my shoes?”
Sherlock titled his head to the side and smiled falsely. “Not particularly.”
John nodded and stepped back. “
“There’s been another murder. A journalist by the name of Lukis was shot dead in his flat. Doors were locked from the inside. Exactly the same as Van Coon.”
“Yes, then disinfect myself.”
Sherlock lifted the tape for John. “Come on John.”
“Yes, thrusting into the entrance of the male anatomy can be a bit tedious. You can imagine how my lower back hurts.” The detective said with a smile.
and his brain levels would appallingly decrease to that of an ignorant human being. He couldn’t have that. Thanks to his brother’s ramblings, Mycroft managed to convince Sherlock to quit drugs and stick to cigarettes.
John was wiping down the tables when he heard the loud raindrops outside. He frowned at not listening to the weather anchor this morning while getting dressed. Since he was the only one closing today, he’ll have to walk back to his flat under the cold rain.
Since he was the most gorgeous thing in school; Sherlock was correlated to being the snake to everyone’s forbidden fruit, a menacing influence that led everyone into mayhem. Even though Sherlock was prone to delivering indecent influences to others, there was a lack of reciprocation that could make Sherlock desire a person with every bit of his corrupted soul.
“What? Why not?” Sherlock lowered his book.
Mycroft patted Sherlock’s shoulder. “None of the sort. I have uncovered a piece of information that might help relieve yourself from getting married.”
All those expectations were never achieved; the location of Sherlock’s boarding school was the birth place of his awaited demeanor that spilled of sin. If Sherlock were a true believer in coexisting with the perversion of corrupting one’s act, he would’ve continued his use in drugs and contaminate the act of transport which was his body.
John looked up from the paper and made a questioning face. “What? Haven’t you been listening to anything that I’ve been saying?”
Sherlock and John arrived at 221B, they both entered the building and leaned against the wall while catching their breath and removing their coats.
Sherlock smiled. “Well, I need an assistant and you are a doctor, are you not?”
Greg smiled. “Me and Mycroft loved it. It was very popular; she was going places.”
Lastly, John’s dialogue is italicized for he only speaks sign language.
“I hate them.” The worker grumbled underneath his breath.
Awkwardly, the blond left, leaving Sherlock puzzled. John closed the front door behind him and decided to walk around the park for a bit.
“Who’s this?”
Sherlock gathered John’s tired body in his arms and used the parka to place pressure on John’s wounds. “Alright? Are you alright?”
Sherlock groaned and sat up dramatically, ruffling his curls in annoyance. “Where the hell is Lestrade?!”
“Homeless network. Really is indispensable.”
“Does John have a chance?!” Sherlock shouted in desperation.
Sherlock pointed at the hung shoelaces towards the kitchen sink. “Boy suffered from eczema. It would be the easiest thing in the world to introduce the poison into his medication. Two hours later he comes up to London, the poison takes effect, paralyses the muscles and he drowns.”
John snorted. “
So, on one gloomy morning, Sherlock along with his parents were at the front of the kingdom waiting for their cherished guests to arrive. From afar, Sherlock could see an elder couple coming hand in hand and a young man trailing behind them. Sherlock lost interest immediately and preferred to pay attention at the guard who was clearly having an affair with a young maid who was with child.
Sherlock was inside a lab at St. Barts; deducing every information belonging to the shoes. The anatomy of the shoe was being dissected by Sherlock’s eyes; the way the laces were tied together, the sturdiness of the soles, and the small bits of matter stuck onto the shoes. Sherlock used the pieces of matter for sample testings and delved into many theories correlated to the revelation of the shoes’ importance.
John rolled his eyes. “
Before Sherlock and John could proceed; Greg cleared his throat and said, “Um, mates. We’re here at Camp Redwood already.”
On the other side of the shootout; Sherlock managed to reload his guns, with the display of his fangs, he seethed in anger at wanting to kill Mary Morstan. If Mary so much as touched a single strand of golden hair on John’s head, he would personally sink his fangs into her jugular and drain the blood from her body with a touch of poison that vampires produced that felt like needles being pushed through every part of the body.
The blond started to make his way to the right, they raced down the street, taking a shorter route in order to intercept the taxi. Sherlock pushed his long legs to run a bit faster, with the new energy flowing through his body, he ran in the middle of the road, hurling himself into the path of the approaching cab. The taxi halted abruptly, and Sherlock quickly pulled out an ID badge and flashed it to the driver.
Moriarty chuckled and sensually dragged his tongue across John’s bloody cheek.
John rolled his eyes and slipped out of his seat, coming face to face with Sherlock. “Bold of you to assume that my only topic of conversation involves you.”
John didn’t answer as he went down the stairs, quickly running into Mrs Hudson and reaching the door. He slammed the door shut and walked away from 221B.
“Yes, why is he doing this, the bomber? If this woman’s death was suspicious, why point it up?”
Sherlock proudly stood up and looked down at John. “As I said, no one can defeat me.” The detective fixed his curls and straightened out his tight purple dress shirt. “You see John, I’ll always be on top.”
The blond shook his hand and looked between Sherlock and Mycroft. “
They continued walking towards the red Aston Martin. Sherlock was confused. “Is this yours?”
Sherlock took in John’s inquiry but ignored it. “Can you send a text for me?”
Sherlock looked ahead of him, letting his gaze fall to nowhere in specific. “Someone’s kept them that way. Quite a bit of mud caked on the soles. Analysis shows its from Sussex with London mud overlaying it.”
Sherlock wanted to witness the raw moment of the progress he’s gained with John.
” Soo Lin faced John. “
John finished the other half of the story. “
John was about to disagree with the Sergeant when he felt Sherlock pulling him into the taxi.
Jim chuckled grimly and opened his eyes, “
Soo Lin was standing in the middle of the room, breathing loudly when she felt a presence behind her. She turned around and was face to face with her brother.
Sally entered Lestrade’s office with a phone in her hand. “Freak, its for you.”
Sherlock thought about John’s input. “Yeah but that was ages ago. Why would she still be upset?”
John stopped Sherlock and looked up at him, placing his hand over Sherlock’s mouth. “
Sherlock left the office, “Come on, darling!”
” He walked past Sherlock and grabbed a mop, “
Sherlock ran his fingers through his curls and looked at John. “Obviously we’re the only ones.”
And at least, jumping from a building with this height would easily result in a quick and painless death. Sherlock looked up at the dark sky above him, he saw the stars twinkling and chuckled when he realized that he wouldn’t miss anything, not even the stars. The Omega boy wiped away the tears from his face and tried to keep himself solid, the cold wind was coming in heavy bursts and the boy’s twinky body was susceptible of being pushed by the wind and not by himself.
A man by the name of Sebastian Moran came into the pool, a cigarette hung lowly on his lips while he dragged a person behind him. The unknown person had a black bag over his head, his hands were bound behind him and the probabilities of the person being gagged was highly possible. Sebastian dragged the person across the floor, throwing the man on the cold tiles of the pool and keeping the person in between Sherlock and Jim.
John started to lose consciousness when the man released John, stuffing something inside the John’s jacket before leaving.
Sherlock looked at the clock located across from him, abandoning his post of deducing humans and beginning to scan the streets below for his upcoming candidates. His electric blue eyes kept moving like the needle found on the Richter scale until the two werewolves he was looking for, had finally shown their faces,
Sherlock chuckled and looked down the street. “Got your breath back?”
Sherlock studied the Omega for a bit when he softly answered. “Afghanistan.”
Soo Lin pointed across the room.
The detective felt his anger rising. “Why were you flirting with him?! He’s an idiot!”
The detective angrily groaned, “Ah, no!” He continued running, reaching the end of the alley and hastily he turned right. “This way!”
It was a usual occurrence when Sherlock came home with a broken nose, a split lip, bruises on his face, and once, a broken arm. But baby Alpha Sherlock didn’t care what happened to him because he considered everyone else, slow and stupid. Then one day in school, an Omega boy approached Sherlock and talked to him.
John warmly smiled at the D.I. and silently agreed to Lestrade’s plan. Sherlock continued to gather information from every clue that was offered to him. Lestrade wanted to ask John another question when the blond sneezed. John tried his best to hold in his sneeze but he couldn’t hold it anymore and he forced himself to make the sneeze as quiet as possible but instead, it came out as an adorable squeaking sound.
“Push aside your fantasies and concentrate!”
The detective moved a bit to study the deep slashes across the victim’s belly. “Professional curiosity.”
“Why are you doing this?”
. Fangs.
“Brixton, Lauriston Gardens.” Lestrade huffed out.
Ever since John walked away from Sherlock that night, things have become awkward between the two. There were many times where Sherlock regretted the decision of pulling away and missing the sensation of having John’s lips against his. Yet there were other times where he didn’t regret pulling away because being who he was, such things were of no importance to him.
Mycroft looked at Sherlock. “I’m afraid my brother can be very intransigent.”
before she killed everyone due to their irritating screams for help.
“The assurance that you’re alive and with me. I prefer that than the arrest of any general.”
John. John was horribly bruised and beaten. The detective quickly did a sweep over John’s body and he deduced that John had; a burst vein in his eye, a cut over his eyebrow, bruises covering his face, knife wounds located on his left side, a busted lip, a broken shoulder, gnashes across his collarbones, and nasty bruises on his abdomens which were hidden by the jacket and shirt covering John’s skin.
The Omega boy quivered at the sound of the deep and dark voice that was spoken next to his ear, Sherlock felt himself melting when he could feel the Alpha’s body morphing against his. The boy remained silent until he grew the courage to turn his head to the side and face his rescuer. The Omega boy felt his knees going weak when he met the gaze of the Alpha holding him so dearly.
Jim childishly shrugged his shoulders. “I would try to convince you, but everything I have to say has already crossed your mind.”
“I imagine you’ll find the perpetrator actually being the victims’ mother. Clearly, she hated the reference of being called ‘stepmother’ by the children who belonged to her husband. Those children aren’t her biological son and daughter. And coincidentally, those children hated her which made the role of being a mother difficult. So, its no surprise that a knife slipped through her hands and the inevitable murder of these children happened.”
“And domestic bliss must suit you, Molly. You’ve put on three pounds since I last saw you.”
And for some odd reason, the detective was certain that John shined brighter at speaking with this idiot.
Sherlock picked up the envelope and held it under a lamp, using the light to see through the envelope. “Nice stationery. Bohemian.”
“Colleague of mine, Doctor Watson.” He faced John. “Doctor Watson, this is Sergeant Sally Donovan. A
John went the wrong direction which caused Sherlock to shout, “No, this way!”
John smirked and surged forward, keen on biting Sherlock’s face and snorting when Sherlock pulled away. “I’d rather stay on the cliff than join you and your insanity.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and faced Dimmock. “He climbed up the side of the walls, ran along the roof, dropped in through this skylight.”
Sherlock placed his hands behind his back. “Although you’ve gained more muscle and the level of your confidence has risen. Your strength would be no match against one person who can easily defeat you.”
John was sitting next to Sherlock in the cab, eyeing Sherlock’s frustration.
“Yes, lovely. Now go back to work — we open tonight.”
“This is his hunting ground, right here in the heart of the city. Now, that we know his victims were abducted, that changes everything. Because all of his victims disappeared from busy streets, crowded places, but nobody saw them go.” Sherlock touched his temples and tried to find an answer. “Think! Who do we trust, even though we don’t know them?” He was cut off by John.
John lifted the violin, resting the instrument underneath his chin. “
The softest melody came from the violin, a beautiful melancholy whisper that made John want to fall back against Sherlock’s chest.
John happily went towards Mr Prince and correctly positioned him for the photo shoot. “
Before the detective left, Raz grabbed Sherlock by the arm. “Make sure you keep this one. He’s quiet but very loyal. I can tell. Don’t break his heart.” Raz faced John, giving him a bright smile. “It was nice knowing you. If you were a sugar daddy, I would’ve so had something with you.”
Oh no.
John and Sherlock stared at him, both giving him an unfriendly glare.
Sherlock grinned excitedly. “I observed.”
Lines of grey and black were invading the screen when suddenly the image was clear and a familiar face appeared. John gasped when he saw who it was, he stared at the man on the screen and rose himself to his feet.
Sherlock pointed at the screen. “Pollen. Clear as a map, south of the river, too. So, the kid who owned these trainers came to London from Sussex, 20 years ago and left them behind.”
D.I. Dimmock was waiting outside, police cars surrounding the entire place.
Sherlock and John headed to New Scotland Yard, trying to convince D.I. Dimmock that the recent murder of the journalist was similar to Van Coon’s murder and somehow their deaths were connected. Through a tedious procedure of persuading the D.I., it resulted in the detective winning the argument and managing to enter the crime scene for five minutes.
Sherlock closed his eyes for ten seconds and then regained his normal posture, the Alpha stood up and frantically looked for John. “John!”
The blond wasn’t comprehending the detective’s answer. “
The Omega boy began to crawl back, trying to put a great distance between himself and the aroused Alpha.
Greg started to clap his hands. “Well done, Sherlock. Your heart was in the right place but your head wasn’t.”
Sherlock softened his eyes when he watched John eating and humming in pleasure. “Feeling better?”
John took the unoccupied seat and watched the clock spinning on the website until it displayed a map, showing where the phone is located. “
Well, since John forgave Sherlock, the detective didn’t find any other excuse to ignore these cases. “Who’s on forensics?”
“There wasn’t a case. There was never a case.”
Sherlock was about to jump and reach the ladder when John stopped him.
But the bustling vibrance of London gave promise to many Omegas who were still looking for their place in high society with Alphas. Though, it still seemed like a bit of a long shot. In a flat located in 221B Baker Street, there lived a young Alpha by the name of Sherlock Holmes. Like many Alphas, Sherlock considered himself a true believer of keeping Omegas in line and never giving Omegas the reign of taking control.
Sherlock’s slender fingers wrapped themselves over John’s hand, correcting John’s hold on the bow. “You hold it like this.”
Sally quickly made her way to Sherlock and hid behind the pillar with him.
Sherlock leaned closer to the smaller man, “Shall I continue my deductions about you or will you just tell us why you didn’t speak.”
In the middle of London, there stood a young man in between the crowds of people and trembling in fear while his beige jacket hid the deadly bombs strapped onto his body. Sherlock looked at John, signaling John to join him outside while Greg continued looking for any reports of a missing vehicle. John left Lestrade’s office and stood behind Sherlock.
Sherlock faced John. “Ancient crime syndicate, based in China.”
“Something bad.”
John smiled brightly. “
John had noticed the repeated demeanor the detective acquired and John stuck with his usual response, walking away and breaking the eye contact. John smiled as he returned to his seat, looking at the overdue bills waiting to be paid. John had forgotten about the overdue bills but luckily, with his job, he was able to pay half of each bill.
The detective whipped around and shouted at the older lady. “MRS HUDSON!”
Sherlock threw his head back as he continued teasing himself until his urge couldn’t be held back any longer. Sherlock curiously slipped his fingers past his briefs and gripped his erection, already feeling a stream of pre-cum trickling down his length.
Sherlock was still looking at the window and the faintest quirk in his lips turned into a small smile as he mentally thanked Mycroft for revealing John’s full name. He’d been wracking his brain trying to figure out the man’s name but thanks to his idiotic brother, he acquired that valuable information. His smile disappeared as he faced his brother, “No. Why would I be interested in him?”
“A sister? Dammit, I was that close.” He huffed out annoyingly.
Sherlock could almost see the shining halo on John’s head every time John got something right. “Excellent. What else?”
“Lestrade, on the luggage, there’s a label. E-mail address.”
The detective snorted. “Of course, you are. At least I’ve created a likable bond with you and now, you are a form of entertainment to me.”
Sherlock smiled as John rubbed his ribs. “Not so fast, are you?”
A group of children that hated Sherlock came out from behind the bushes and laughed at the Alpha’s stupidity, they all taunted Sherlock for falling in their trap. At least five Alphas grabbed Sherlock and forced him to the ground, while Victor took off his pants and ripped his shirt open as if someone attacked him.
John stole a glance from behind him and to his pleasure, a man and a woman kept up with his pace. For the past two blocks; John felt the prickling sensation of being followed and with accordance to his plan, being tailed after was exactly what he wanted. John felt the gun perched behind his lower back sticking to his skin, in no time, the Omega would have the pleasure of using his gun against the werewolves.
Sherlock eyed the pots. “Yesterday, only one of these pots was shining. Now, there are two.”
Sherlock growled in bloodlust fury and spun John around by his hips, pressing John against the seat of the bus. John wanted to brace himself against the seat but Sherlock pulled back both of his hands and pressed them against John’s lower back. Sherlock fastened his slender fingers onto John’s hip and shoved his hard erection against John’s ass, slowly thrusting his erect cock in between John’s ass cheeks.
Sherlock pulled the trigger and squeezed off a few more bullets. “Bored! Bored!”
Sherlock bit the inside of his cheek. “Hydrogen, Lithium, Sodium, Potassium…”
The Alpha shrugged and carelessly stumbled onto the floor before hastily getting up on his feet and smiling like dork before leaving. “When I come back, I’d like a cup of tea.”
John was at Sherlock’s side, pointing the gun at the man.
The Alpha snorted when he realized that Greg had zero cases that were worth his time and rolled his eyes when he read a few messages from Mycroft wondering if he was okay since Sherlock hadn’t left his flat in nine days. Sherlock tossed his phone aside and growled in irritation when he noticed that he ran out of heroin.
John and Sherlock faced Mycroft in suspicion.
Mycroft walked towards the sleek black car ahead and opened the door. “Honestly Mr Watson I’m agreeing to spend to time with you. Let’s go.”
Alphas, Omegas, and Betas were fighting amongst each other to see which gender was capable of running London by themselves. Already the war between genders was a disaster; the murder rates of all three genders spiked up in a heartbeat, brutal violence was common between the three genders confronting one another, the destruction of the homes belonging to vulnerable Omegas were bloodbaths filled with carnage, and the respect that all three genders fought hard for, was destroyed.
“What? My face is?!”
Sherlock was barely fifteen years old, the Alpha across the room was in his thirties.
Sherlock shrugged. “I honestly have no idea.”
Sherlock smoothly retrieved the gun tucked behind his lower back and pointed it at Moriarty. “Both.”
Sherlock burst through the door of the theater, “Golem!”
The boy deduced the woman again and frowned. “I doubt you’ll have anything that goes with my skin color.”
.” Sherlock ran towards the bed, despising the numb sensation crawling all over his body at seeing John like this… vulnerable, defenseless,
The rest of John’s working hours were just shit; he couldn’t get over the fact that Sherlock basically handpicked the people he ought to talk too. It was beyond irritating and a fucking damn shame, Eric was fine as hell but of course, the detective shooed him away. Once John finished his shift, he went up to 221B and expected to find Sherlock in their flat but to his surprise, the detective wasn’t here.
Mr Ewart looked between Sherlock and John. “Are you two husbands?”
Sherlock grabbed the shoe. “The owner whitened them when they got discolored. Changed the laces three… no, four times. Even so, there are traces of his flaking skin where his fingers have come into contact with them, so he suffered from eczema.”
Mycroft quickly deduced John’s impatience to ask questions. “Please John. You can speak. I know sign language.”
Sherlock looked away from his phone and glared at the woman. “It’s a very good fake, then. You know about this, don’t you? This is you, isn’t it?”
The security guard turned around, eyeing the woman. “Doesn’t it bother you?”
“But shouldn’t we?”
John rolled his eyes, exaggerating the precision of his hands and gently grabbing Sherlock’s phone when he noticed a text. “
“If you don’t mind me saying so, you are honestly a handsome man.” She politely directed the compliment to John.
“You don’t have to eat. I’ll order something and I’ll eat in front of you.” Lestrade chuckled.
John brought the engine to life and drove out of the garage, heading to Roland-Kerr Further Education College.
Soo Lin looked at the photographs. “This is a code that every smuggler knows. Its based upon a book…”
“The man loves seeing other gay couples together. It’s a weakness. Use his weakness against him, and the man becomes more relaxed and easier to read. He’s also willing to be more open and vulnerable.”
The detective hated John’s strange demeanor. “What?!”
When he was a young boy, other children bullied him because he was known for verbally showing off his brilliant gift which included deducing others and revealing truths that no one knew until now. Naturally, not everyone found Sherlock’s gift appropriate or appealing, which led to many Alphas beating Sherlock to the point where his baby Alpha self couldn’t walk to school alone without falling to the ground and screaming in pain.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “He said I could be in shock.”
Bullets kept spiraling towards the wall, ruining the wallpaper and never once, did Sherlock face the direction of the bullets’ path. Sherlock knew the pattern he was making until he stopped shooting the wall and faced the holes tarnishing through the wallpaper, he exhaled loudly before he began to shoot the wall again.
“No.” Jeff croaked out.
John remained quiet; he hasn’t really concerned himself with being around Sherlock because the image of him being rejected was so fucking freshly implanted in his mind. He purposely avoided sharing the same air as Sherlock but this was the first time that he’s been in the same room with Sherlock since their last encounter.
John placed a comforting hand on her shoulder. “
But the horses were running blindly, the road beneath their hooves was becoming incredibly slippery. One of the four horses pulling the coach slipped against the poorly designed surface of the bridge and like a domino set waiting to be collapsed, everything fell down. The first horse that fell cruelly knocked itself against the railing, the weight of the horse falling was enough to send the other three horses falling as well.
Oh, John wanted a taste of the sweet nectar that coursed through the boy’s veins. He wanted to drag his tongue across the boy’s scent gland and suck on the skin that
“So, the killer goes to the bank, leaves a threatening cipher at the bank. Van Coon panics, returns to his apartment, locks himself in. Hours later, he dies.”
Mycroft was this close to getting up and stomping towards Gregory’s flat, demanding a reasonable explanation as to why the detective inspector cheated on him with John. And Sherlock was about to stand up and demand from John why he was reckless enough to sleep with Geoff. But luckily; John read Mycroft’s body language and Sherlock’s odd behavior, deciding to cut Mycroft and Sherlock some slack.
“Sorry?”
Sherlock stared at Lestrade, “You made me walk outside just to enter Speedy’s.”
John listened to Sherlock while they approached an apartment complex. “
Shan laughed. “No use trying to escape, if you don’t tell me where it is, I’ll take your head with me to hell!”
John pressed his finger to his lips, telling Sherlock to be quiet. “
“I’m not leaving until you accept my apology.” The detective demanded.
He ran to the right side of the cab and opened the door. “Police! Open her up!” Sherlock was panting heavily as the passenger looked completely confused. The detective huffed in annoyance as John managed to reach his side. “No.” He looked at the passenger again. “Teeth, tan: what — Californian?” Sherlock looked at the luggage on the floor. “L.A. Santa Monica. Just arrived.” He faced John in disappointment.
John decided to walk outside, checking the other side of the tracks with a flashlight in his hand. He calmly walked along the tracks when he noticed splatters of yellow paint on the wooden panels below the tracks. The blond followed the splashes of paint until he was met with a black wall with yellow symbols all over it.
Sherlock looked down at the envelope, lifting his eyebrow. “You haven’t opened it?”
“The art of disguise is knowing how to hide in plain sight.” Sherlock took off the security hat and threw it to the side.
Moriarty took out the blade and stood up straight, licking the blood off the blade and smiling like a deranged maniac.
Mycroft chuckled and raised his hands in surrender. “I promise.”
Fucking hell, Sherlock could feel the irresistible stimulation of burying his cock deep inside John and forever marking John from the inside as his property.
“Seven?” Lestrade rubbed his temples and wished he were at home with Mycroft.
The owner of Speedy’s exited his office. “Eric! Come on, we have to go. I hope you and John had a lovely chat.”
The worker leading him towards the tracks shook his head. “Yeah. Are you going to be long?”
Lestrade felt so terrible that he couldn’t understand John. “What did he say?”
Everything was going to shit and the lack of normality resulted in the absence of cases that were knowingly solved by an Alpha by the name of Sherlock Holmes. Scotland Yard was overrun; since the rise of the unknown Alpha, police stations and any other occupation that dealt with the force have been pillaged. Weapons and security no longer existed.
John sipped at his tea, he needed four more pages and he’d finish the entire novel, a personal triumph to himself. Of course, nothing to brag about but he managed to finish the novel in six days, a new reading record for him. John nonchalantly glanced up when he noticed the detective standing awkwardly by the door.
Sherlock led John into a small restaurant, they entered the restaurant and a waiter named Billy, led to two to a table while the detective thanked him. John sat down with his back to the window while Sherlock sat on the adjacent side, planting his eyes on the window.
“It was, but there wasn’t much blood.”
Sherlock frowned; he’d respect the first part of that sentence but he’d definitely ignore the request of the second part. “Fine.”
“It’s all computer generated, electronic codes, electronic ciphering methods. This is different. Its an ancient device. Modern code breaking methods won’t unravel it.”
“Oh, let me guess. I get killed.”
The phone rang, cutting off the soft gaze in Sherlock’s eyes. “Hello.”
The detective shrugged his shoulders. “Not to be crass but that is my violin you have in your hand and that violin is worth more than your life put together. So, I take interest when random people touch it or when they want to use it yet they have no idea how to play it.”
The Alpha would do anything to have this boy and to Sherlock’s innocence, the Omega boy didn’t understand what monster chose to adore him.
Mr Prince excitedly squealed. “Oh! One of my best friends is mute, so I understand sign language.”
Sherlock finished the rest of his sentence for him. “Since you grew up with people bullying you, especially your brother, you’ve become immune to the idea of people not begging for forgiveness. So, when I decided to apologize, you panicked and didn’t understand how to handle the situation. You’re not used to kindness.”
“What?” Greg said at the random words tumbling out of Sherlock’s mouth.
People were at risk of being harassed, raped, robbed, insulted, and beaten to death. This alone helped increase the number of deaths by physical violence at the hand of a human. Due to the lack of functioning hospitals and pharmacies, masses of people have died due to viruses. The spike of victims arose within a high range that accumulated in less than a month.
In a parking lot; far away from 221B, there was a woman sitting in her car with a bomb attached to her torso, reading the following words from the pager in her hand as she began to sob. “
“I’ve heard its kinder to be truthful to someone from the beginning and that’s what I did.”
John admiringly stared at the detective as he finished his entire speech. “
The Alpha was about to apologize for his behavior earlier with John when the Omega looked back at the road. An incoming truck was about to crash into the them, John swerved the car and lost control of the wheel when the car began to spin wildly. The Omega tried to put on the brakes when the car harshly hit the railing of the Vauxhall Bridge.
“My eyes and ears all over the city. Ah, that’s… clever.”
Sherlock released John, walking away and expecting John to follow him. John took one step when he received a text from Mycroft, his relieved expression changing into a deep frown.
Sherlock decided to change the subject; he didn’t fancy the idea of bringing up his failed attempt at letting John kiss him.
“Who is this? Is this you again?” Sherlock said in a hushed tone.
Sherlock began to talk to himself. “Come on, think. Quick!”
“Mycroft.”
“I’m bored.”
Sherlock smirked. “Then talk to me in your own voice.”
Sherlock snorted, “It honestly was.” He faced the blond, “How did you know about the route through the buildings?”
Sherlock could already admire the shameless way of how his cock would look after making John bleed for him. Sherlock built up his speed and used his free hand to touch the blood and pre-cum on his cock. Once his clean fingers were stained with John’s blood and his pre-cum, Sherlock ravenously entered his fingers inside his mouth and moaned at the tase of John and him mixed together.
John annoyingly looked up at him. “
Molly shakily picked up her books and ran towards John, staying close to John’s side and avoiding Irene’s angry gaze. John took off his jacket and wrapped it around Molly’s body, shielding the poor girl from the group of assholes before them and never letting his guard down. John placed his arm around Molly’s shoulders and quickly left the scene.
Sherlock stood up straight and rested his hands behind his back. “Not anymore. So, dead two days. According to one of her staff, Raoul de Santos, she cut her hand on a rusty nail in the garden. Nasty wound. Tetanus bacteria enters the bloodstream, good night Vienna. Something’s wrong with this picture.”
The Omega took out the handgun tucked behind his lower back and went into the middle of the street, pointing the gun to an incoming car and shooting three times. The driver in the car halted, breathing in fear when the three bullets penetrated his windshield. John approached the vehicle and shouted at the man in the car to step out of the vehicle.
Jim looked down at John and grinned. “I’ll burn the
John walked towards the coat hanger and grabbed his coat, not wanting to be in the same flat any longer with the insufferable man who was known as his flatmate.
John chuckled. “
No one answered.
Sherlock was vaguely listening to the conversation before him, all he knew was that Moriarty was bitching about his ruined suit. Sherlock rolled his eyes and couldn’t resist the urge to taste the blood drooling over his lips. John did this to him, his little scorpion marked his skin and left behind bruises to show Sherlock that John was willing to become his.
“How can you not know?”
John wanted to punch Sherlock across the face for being a fucking asshole but the computer began to beep in victory, stopping John from losing his temper and battering Sherlock’s face with bruises and blood.
John returned to enjoying his tea while Sherlock remained oblivious to the words John said to him.
Sherlock was praising himself and calculated that in about forty seconds, John Watson was about to crumble. “Need I go on?”
“Tea! Mrs. Hudson.” The detective shouted as he walked to his armchair and sat down.
John eyed the detective. “
Since year 12 had a lot of students; the director of the school decided to spilt the students into seven major groups. Each group was designated to attend seven different camp sites which meant that 26-27 students would be spending their summer together. The group heading towards Camp Redwood included a variety of students.
“How well do you know John?”
Greg placed a hand on his forehead. “It’s a kid, oh god. It’s a kid.”
“Are you alright?” Sherlock asked, his voice cracking.
Jim couldn’t contain the wide smile spreading across his lips. “Isn’t it? No one ever gets to me. And no one ever will.”
Sherlock turned the corner. “This way.”
Since their awkward moment where they both almost kissed and the episode of Sherlock experiencing anger when his shirt was stained in blood. Things have become a bit odd between them. Anytime the detective hinted at the suspicious behavior that was correlated to sentiment, he would reserve himself to noiselessly gaze at the man.
Lestrade became annoyed and placed himself in front of Sherlock’s face. “Sherlock, what the hell was that?”
The detective huffed in exasperation. “Oh, use your imagination!”
“Jacket.”
By the age of ten, Sherlock already learned how to shoot heroine into his veins and calculate how much he needed in order to drown out the loud voices of his brother. After his never-ending infatuation with heroine, the boy proceeded to seek out other harmful drugs that fucked up his entire system. Sherlock knew that eventually Mycroft would catch him in the act and true to his word, Mycroft confiscated all the drugs pertaining to his younger brother and forced Sherlock to become clean.
