He swallowed, reaching forward to touch the glove.  “So, uh,” he said awkwardly.  “If you could change my friend Steve back into a human, that would be really great.  Thanks for your consideration?”
.  “You think seeing him this way isn’t
"You were trying to stay alive," Steve said.  "No one's going to fault you for that."
"We insist," Steve said.
“You’re more than that,” says the man.  “You’re someone I want to get to know, if you’d just give me a chance.”
“I thought you’d be here,” Steve says as he hobbles closer on his crutches, and for a moment, Tony considers running away again.  But he can’t.  Not here.  “Though I’ve thought this in the past, too.  But this is the first time I got here in time to prove myself right.”
Rogers sighed.  “And here I thought we would get to be partners,” he muttered.
"Good cloud cover," Jarvis announced as the airship continued its course east.  "Should be smooth sailing over Europe."
And strangest of all, his body felt wrong as well.
Shyly, Steve sticks out his hand, smiling again.  “Nice to meet you too, Mr. Stark.”
He sighed.  Maybe—maybe it had all been just his imagination.  Maybe he’d only hallucinated that look of bloodlust in Steve’s eyes.  Maybe.
He brings out the paper with the speech he failed to give earlier, managing to deliver it now without breaking down.  When he gets to the part about Steve’s battle cry, though, he’s struck by a powerful memory of Steve rallying the Avengers back in their glory days, and the realization that he’ll never hear it again is so awful it brings him to his knees.  Jan is by his side in an instant, placing one hand against his shoulder.  “Do you need some time alone?” she asks softly.
Rogers groaned and fell flat on his face, sending up a tiny cloud of dust as he did, and then he was out like a light.  And Tony—well, Tony would have been more concerned, but his body chose that moment to completely give out as well, and the next thing he knew, he was lying down, the world going black around him.
First this man saves him, then he keeps him warm.  This
Looking dubious, he dismounted and peered up the hole, from which the rope was still dangling, thankfully.  Still, that wasn’t exactly going to help Rogers much, unless his ability to climb up long dangly strings was somehow intact.  Somehow Tony doubted that was the case.
always pass, and finally he was let out of his last class, free to do whatever he wanted for the rest of the day.
Who hadn't given him space?  Tony's Pa.
"Figures."  Dougie stepped back, and
, and I spent so much time being angry to you at the beginning—oh, God—"
Since Cap was actually moving now, Tony accepted his answer, and he pushed open the doors and stepped out of the airship, which was lightly smoking behind him.  They'd hit several rocks when they'd landed, apparently—no way was the hull going to be in any serviceable condition after this.
"Not beyond
"Oh, my God," the man breathed.
is the thought of Tony going on—because he
.  Well, I guess you're normal today.  I'm glad you realized that we have tons of access to tons of food and you don't have to eat like you're gonna starve to death otherwise."
“Oh, God,” he croaked, immediately squeezing his eyes shut again and looking away.  No.  This wasn’t happening.  He’d been good, he thought.  He’d done everything right.  He’d put the gem back where it belonged.  He’d been willing to put himself on the line to save Steve.  Apparently, though, that hadn’t been enough, and now it was too late.  Steve was gone, and Tony would have to live with what he’d done for the rest of his life.
"I'll even show you," Natasha continued.  "Come."  Without waiting for an answer, she left their room and strode down the hallway.  Steve glanced back at Tony, who sighed and set his rifle down before following after her.  Eventually, she stopped in front of another door, cracking it open so they could look inside.
“I won’t.”
No one fought.  They got into place quickly, Pepper methodically unbuttoning Tony's shirt to get to his heart as Rhodey situated himself under Tony's arm.  Pepper then glanced up at Tony, the wire in her hands.  "Do I do it now?" she asked just as a loud rumble told them the plane was coming back.
The figure stopped short and turned toward him.  She was holding a gun, but after a second of stunned disbelief, she lowered her arms and ran in his direction.  "Oh, my God," she said.  "I thought I'd heard—but I didn't actually think—you're
She stared at him.  "No, there aren't.  They get locked up after testing."
Tony groaned, lashes fluttering as he blearily opened his eyes.  It was dark… still nighttime, then.  No need to wake up.  He rolled over, letting his eyes close again.  “Too early.”
“Uh, duh,” Tony replied.  “I already have one.  It’s called ‘shooting a repulsor blast straight into its big ugly face’.   You won’t have to do a thing.”
A simple question with a complicated answer.
"We're fine," Pepper said, though she was leaning down to rub her leg.  "Help us out of here."
"Entertainment's no small thing, especially not in difficult times," Steve pointed out.  He still remembered devouring each issue of
Tony blinks again.  “What?” he manages at last.  Steve’s surrounded by friends and has plenty of things to do.  He doesn’t need to waste time moping.  “I’m not ignoring him.  We email.  Besides, if he wants to see me so badly, he knows where I live.”
“Get on, then,” Howard says.
to.  “…Promise me, then.”
And though Tony dearly wants to call her out on it, he holds back.  Saying those words would make her angry, and that would make his father angry, and then maybe his father would leave him for good and what would Tony do then?  Christ, he’s pathetic.  He inhales, exhales, thinks of Steve.  Steve with his blue eyes and his broad hands.  Steve wouldn’t want him just for his money.  Steve likes him.  Steve wants so badly to help him, even if most of the time Tony is convinced he can’t be helped.  Sure, he’ll go out and have fun and lean in real close as he thinks of kissing him… but in the end, he pulls away.  He has to.  His father’s leash is tight around his neck.  “…Well,” he says after a moment, “he didn’t get my money, so I don’t know what you’re so worried about.”
Slowly, he forced himself to open his eyes, sparing half a second to take note of his surroundings - a kind of run-down room with brick walls, apparently - before looking down at himself.
"Isn't it obvious," Steve asked, "
Over.  It was a dangerous thought, Steve felt, one that was so very tempting to give into after all these weeks of difficult traveling.  But maybe it wasn't so farfetched.  Maryland was getting closer every minute, Tony had designs for something that could distribute a cure, and Steve had proven that he wouldn't turn.  All the pieces were almost there.  They just had to put them together.  "You think?" Steve asked.
"No, I—"
And for a long time, Tony just stares at him, at the man’s eyes and nose and lips.  He’s not Steve, he thinks.  There was only one Steve, and now he’s gone.
Tony followed his gaze.  It was coming from something situated in the water.  "Definitely not an oil platform," he said.
But before his mind could really absorb the enormity of this revelation, the voice - Steve Rogers, apparently, and not just that, but Steve Rogers in his body,
, on a small adventure that so far hadn't even involved glimpsing an enemy soldier.  This wasn't his arena, but here he was.  Tony found himself irrationally fearing humiliating himself in front of the man, but that was a stupid thought, and he pushed it away quickly.
They stare at each other.  Finally, Carol huffs and crosses her arms.  “You haven’t spent time in person with Steve in a decade.  And no, joining us to fight off Galactus once a year doesn’t count.  He misses you, Tony.  It’s obvious to anyone with eyes.  Even more obvious when he comes up to me at least once a week and mopes about how his best pal is ignoring him, which is really awkward when I know you still find the time to take
He could hear Tony swallow.  "It's not," he agreed after a moment.  "But—"
“Good heavens,” Tony says, feigning offense as he places a hand over his heart.  “How could you say such a thing?”  His mind quickly goes over the evidence.  Steve draws nudes.  Male nudes.  They’d clicked earlier.  And he didn’t seem particularly offended when Tony had mentioned Tiberius.  Yes, he thinks.  This is going to be a perfectly appropriate reply—”After all, I haven’t slept with
to remember.
share his life with her the way she needed him to, and in the end, that was what caused her to leave.
"I mean I'm not the son you raised," Steve replied as he took a step forward.  He meant it in more ways than one, but right now only one of those ways needed to be shared right now.  "How can you have raised me, when you spend our time together yelling at me? Is that what you call raising?"
Tony glanced to the side, his face inscrutable.  "I missed knowing you cared," he said, so softly that Steve wasn't even sure his intention was to actually say it aloud.  When he next spoke, his voice was clearly meant to be heard.  "I'm fine, Steve.  Let's get Jessica back to her family."
Cap looked at him searchingly.  "I'll re-bandage," he declared, pushing Tony's shirt up.  Now that the skin was exposed, Tony could see that there was gauze over one side of his body, but he was still drawing a blank as to why it was there.  Almost as if Cap could read his mind, he said, "It's from the tomb.  I wasn't fast enough to deflect all the arrows.  I'm sorry."
She raised an eyebrow at him, looking as though she couldn't tell if Tony was being sarcastic or not.  Tony couldn't blame her, given the way Steve acted normally, but he was being a hundred percent honest right now.  "That so," she said. She turned away to cough, and Tony felt a strange pang in his chest, like it was hurting him to see her in pain like this.  It - it was probably just Steve's feelings carried over somehow, not his own. "Then tell me, what
Well, Howard is already mad from the looks of it, but what can they do now?  Steve’s not running away, so it’s probably best to just deal with it.  “Alright.  Stand up straight and follow me.”  He takes a deep breath—as much as he enjoys pissing his father off, it still kind of terrifies him.  Just not by enough so that he wants to stop, is all.  Then he saunters up to the table, nodding to Sunset before turning to Howard.  “Father,” he announces.  “I’d like to introduce Steve Rogers to you.  I met him up on deck last night, and I thought he would be enjoyable company.”
.  “Alright,” he said, reaching out to grab a vine, testing its strength.  Seemed sturdy enough.  He wondered if there was a way he could manage to swing Rogers across, too, but there just wasn’t enough he could work with.  It didn’t matter, he supposed.  Rogers would jump, and he’d make it, and then they could continue and everything would be fine.  “Off I go.”
And then a second biter attacked, its teeth sinking into the fabric of Tony's sleeve.  For a second, Steve's world went still, and he could see nothing but Tony and the biter, Tony looking desperate as he blindly reached for his ice pick, struggling to pull his arm away—
"Let him sleep,
Tony couldn’t tell if Rogers was joking or not, but he swiped ineffectually at it, trying to snatch it from the other man’s grasp.  “Mine,” he said.  He didn’t like sharing his toys.
Since they didn't exactly have anything else to go on, Steve figured they might as well, so they followed the footsteps outside until they disappeared somewhere along the main road, and Steve looked ahead to realize just where they were.  "Oh," he said faintly.
One of his enemies attacks her.  She dies in his arms.
“A p-pleasure,” Tony says, and strangely enough… he kind of means it.  “Anthony Stark.”  He hesitates, looking down, then looks back up at… Steve.  “I’d let go of this rail here to shake your hand, but, you know.  You’ve annoyingly made me not want to die anymore.”
Cap cleared his throat.  "Well," he said.  "Who doesn't like it?"
Tony rolled his eyes.  “I’m a big boy,” he said.  “I’m perfectly capable of protecting myself once I leave this cave.  Look, I’ll just stay behind you, okay?  But I don’t want to sit here all day and then find out that you got eaten by something.  I’m coming.”
Tony set his laptop aside and flopped back onto his bed, staring up at the ceiling.  Either he had a psychiatric disorder or magic was real, and he didn't know which one he preferred.  Blindly, he reached out toward his desk, where he had some loose change sitting out, and pulled one coin toward him.  Then he flipped it and raised his head enough to look at the result.
So Steve does, tongue slipping into his mouth as his eyes shut again, his hand finding its way back into Tony’s hair.  For all of his bravado and confidence and teasing, it’s pretty clear to him that Tony is hurting, and all Steve wants to do is prove to him that he’s a man worth knowing.  A man worth lov—
Fortunately, though, Rogers eventually lowered his head, starting to lap up his food.  He looked kind of like a dog with a food bowl, though Tony wasn’t sure if this was something he should bring up.  It was kind of cute, he guessed, but also unsettling.  This was wrong.  Captain America was a human.
This wasn't right.  Tony was hurt.  But the biters were coming and Tem was about to shoot again, and they didn't have a choice.  Ignoring the pain in his side, he ran toward Tem, kicking the gun from his hand, but then Tem's leg swung out, and Steve wasn't fast enough to dodge it, instead tripping and gracelessly falling over.
No, he thinks.  It’s—it’s too soon for that.
Tony shrugs elegantly, and now that he’s in the sun, looking relaxed and confident—so unlike the desperate man from the night before—Steve has to admit, he finds him striking.  “I was looking for you, actually.  Do you have a moment?”
It was a lot to take in, and Steve wasn't sure he understood how everything fit together yet.  "But you learned otherwise," he prompted.  The "hard way", whatever that meant.
War hero.  Super soldier.  Military man.
Rogers looked at him, and for an instant, Tony feared that he was just going to let go.  But then—then he growled, and then he grit his teeth, and then he managed to get one paw firmly onto solid, horizontal ground.  A few seconds of ragged breathing later, he managed to hoist the upper half of his body out of the ravine, looking pained.  Some of the rock gave way underneath him, and he scrabbled again, slipping before regaining his lost ground and then finally, finally pulling himself up all the way to wind up in a sprawled heap.
Steve still doesn’t show him what his words say.  He keeps his watch on at all times, even during lovemaking and in the shower—Tony’s own fault, really, for giving him a waterproof watch.  Then again, Tony can’t blame him.  It’s not like Tony ever feels inclined to show Steve his own words, mostly because that would require looking at them and being reminded of Sunset.
It was then that Steve realized what was about to happen—but again, Stark was there, shaking his head gently, and Steve tried not to feel sick.  He hadn't wanted to believe things had gotten so terrible, but everything he saw was screaming at him otherwise.
"Don't be loud," was all Maya said in response.
"God, of course not," Tony managed.  "But they modified the designs that they stole.  Made it more suitable for acting as a biological weapon.  I didn't realize it at the time, but they did some test runs with it near the end of the war… they were working with the Japanese, dropping the plague over China.  Then the war ended, and it seemed like it was all over."  He snorted.  "But it was never over.  A few years later, the biter epidemic happened, and here we are now.  And it's my fault.  It's completely my fault.  I killed us, Steve.  I killed everyone."
"'Their'?" Tony repeated, wanting to make sure he heard right.  He was afraid to hope, but he needed to.  "All three of them?"  It wasn't great to know that they were in Nazi custody, but it was good in that he knew that they wouldn't be in Nazi custody unless they were alive.
Steve considered grabbing his arm but eventually decided against it, watching him go.  "I should go in while he's gone," he said.
“We’ll see about that,” Tony murmurs, curling up against him.  He looks very much like he’s ready to just settle down and take a nap, so Steve decides to indulge him, continuing to thread his fingers through his hair as Tony lies against him, breathing quietly.  “You’re warm,” Steve hears him say after a moment, so quiet he almost misses it.  “Sunset… Sunset’s not warm.  She’s cold.  She—she never liked being held—”
objectively a good idea.  I agreed to it.  But you know who the only biter around was?"
because of that.
Tony nodded.  "Yeah," he said softly.  "Yeah.  I'll find him, Pepper.  We're going to end this."
"Natasha's Makarov," Tony said.  "I thought you refused it."
Not to mention the fact that Cap apparently
"They were broken?"
It was real, then.  Steve had been accepted into the army and issued a uniform, even though he was so - well, tiny - that they'd had to tailor something just for him.
Embarrassingly, Tony thought he could feel his cheeks color.  He glanced away.  "Those are strong words, Cap."
Steve smiles then, and they close the small distance between them, holding each other like their lives depend on it.
.”  Tony reached up, undoing the top few buttons of his shirt to reveal his chest, gauze covering the scratches from the first sabretooth fight, but otherwise missing the metal plate and charge percentage and everything else.  It was like Wong-Chu never happened, which was, honestly, quite surprising because he was completely expecting to die, or at least have that first bit of magic be undone up in that igloo-thing on the mountain.  “There’s probably a moral in here somewhere.  Save a life, have your own life saved for free?  You know, that’s a great marketing tactic.  Someone should try that.  People like free things.”
Steve glanced over at him.  He supposed Stark would know best, having actually been conscious for the past decade.  Still, he couldn't help but ask, "Not even flying?"
didn't have the time right now, so with a great deal of reluctance, Tony straightened, gripping onto Cap's shoulder for support.  "Sorry about that," he said, even though he wasn't sorry at all.
"Don't we all," Stark replied softly.
, it made his heart ache.  Sure, Steve had said it was for Mom, but honestly, Tony saw it as a gift to himself as well.  Steve didn't owe him anything. He certainly didn't owe him
“It’s a repulsor blast,” Tony corrected, promptly coughing up some blood immediately afterward.  God, it tasted awful.  “Not… not a beam of light.”
“You’d be able to fight it off,” Tony assured him, sitting down on the bed beside him.  Since they’d been retrieved by the airship, they hadn’t had much time to talk—Fury and other higher-ups had been hounding them for information since they boarded, and while Steve was happy to share, Tony was less so.  Besides which, he’d had to suffer through various medical staff poking and prodding at the gashes on his arm and chest, despite him telling them that honestly, it was
One of them was missing.
discomfort.  So really, this was for himself, but if he could help out the others as well that would just be a bonus.
Steve still isn’t happy about this, Tony can tell, but he eventually nods.  “Okay,” he says.  “When are you leaving?”
Huge arms.  White shirt.  Silver dog tags.
Tony nodded.  He started stepping toward the exit, but paused when he noticed Cap still standing there.  "Something wrong?"
turn to feel pleased.  If the night goes the way he hopes it will, there’ll be a lot more charcoal handprints on Tony by dawn.  “You’re the patron,” he says, settling back down in the chair and picking up his pencil.
a chuisle mo chroí
To his surprise, Rogers shook his head.  “I don’t want you catching pneumonia,” he said when Tony opened his mouth.  “Just stay strong, okay?  Hang on.”  He turned away for a moment, rummaging in the first-aid kit before producing a white pill and poking it through Tony’s lips.  “Swallow,” he continued, handing him a canteen.  “It’s aspirin.  I brought some along.”
He twitched involuntarily at the thought.  That wasn't really something he should be doing, for more than one reason.  The most important one was that this felt like he was intruding on Tony's privacy.  Sure, they may have switched bodies, but that didn't give Steve free reign to do whatever he wanted, right?  He didn't think he'd feel very comfortable if he knew Tony was ogling
"So?" Maya pressed.  "Are you going to make me shoot you down?"
daughter.  I can't let you go in alone."
Together, they lift their heads and look.  The ship is pointed upward now, floating for the time being, but it’ll probably start sinking any second now—Tony groans and squeezes his eyes shut, burrowing against Steve.  He can’t watch this.  It’s already bad enough hearing the screaming of everyone around him, and he doesn’t even want to think about how much worse it’ll get when those still on the ship hit the water as well.  “It’s so c-c-cold,” he says.
Rogers blinked at him for a few seconds, then, to Tony’s surprise, reached out, entwining their pinkies.  “Alright,” he said, blue eyes fixed on Tony.  “I’m counting on you.”
Steve stared at the back of Tony's head, fighting the urge to run his fingers through his hair.  Tony would appreciate it, he thought.  But that sort of thing wasn't appropriate for them anymore. "Don't thank me," he said.  "I'm just saying something I should have said a long time ago."
It had been nearly tattooed into Tony's brain.  He'd read as many encyclopedias and books he could get his hands on, trying to find as much information as he could about the whens, whys, and hows of Captain America's demise.  Most of his sources had been frustratingly vague - so much of it had never been released to the general public - but the day it had happened had been known.
The name sounded familiar, and Steve searched his memory, trying to place it.  "…He was the antagonist in the last published issue of
Steve nods without looking down, unable to pull his gaze away.  “It’s fine.  I’d do it for free, even.”
"Killer—" Tony began, but he cut himself off and sighed.  "Fine.  I deserved that.  But this is why I didn't want to tell you about it."
"This guy calls me Stark," Stark said, tilting his head toward Steve, who just sighed.  "But I'd prefer Tony."
He was finishing up the last of his explanation when the airship jolted again, and Tony stumbled forward, finding himself very suddenly in Cap's arms.
Tony let out another laugh.  "About that," he said.  "Steve… did I ever tell you how Hydra
"No!" Tony shouted back.  Without thinking, he freed his hold from the airship so that he could grab Cap with his good arm, and for a split second, he was falling—
Sunset makes a sound of disgust.  It really is a shame they can’t get along better, he thinks.  She’s not afraid to speak her mind in front of him.  Unfortunately, he really can’t get behind the stuff going on in her head.  “I don’t want you to see him again.”
," Tony replied.  "It's dangerous to expect too much.  But… I don't know."  He offered Steve a smile.  "I found you.  Other things don't seem as hard anymore."
, at least.
Steve breathed, and then he breathed again, and then he was awake and he was panicking, those blue eyes of his that Tony had seen so often in the mirror wide and alarmed as he took them in - the wasp, the giant, the god, the robot - what a sight they must be - and then he was grabbing his shield and he was attacking them, moving as though he hadn't been frozen for decades.
"I've got you—" he began, and that was when he noticed that she smelled like death.
Tony raised an eyebrow.  "Also correct."
"Hold on," he repeated, pulling Tony close.  "Just hold on."
Tony drew back, looking over at Fury.  "And this whole thing—it's government sponsored?"
"Manners," Ty chided, though he was still focused on his cereal so it was clear he was just teasing.  "Oh, hey, I wanted to ask - what time complexity did you get for the last part of the algorithms assignment?  I got oh-of-n-squared."
okay?”
“My father,” Tony says, eyes fixated on him.  “I punched him.  If he sees us, it’s… it’s not going to be pretty.”
Tony squeezed his eyes shut, trying to catch his breath, then opened them back up and pushed himself off the ground.  He hated surprises.  Well, he liked them if he knew they were coming, but despite having done the same reading as Pepper, this had been way too sudden for his tastes.
Fine, so maybe from what he’s heard, Hill acted too rashly, forced Steve’s hand.  But that’s still no excuse for Steve vanishing and starting up a resistance movement.  They’re a couple, for God’s sake.  Steve should have just
Had he actually been implying - was he actually saying -
More importantly, he’d wanted to live it with Tony.
It doesn’t matter, he supposes.  The hard drive is what it is and he can’t change anything either way.
Tony gives Steve an easy smile, feeling a little more like himself now that he has a plan to piss people off.  “Sure he does.  Right, Steve?”
"Turns out he doesn't like 'race mixing'," Jessica said.  Luke spat on the ground.  "He didn't realize Danielle was Luke's child until I had her.  But when he did, he wanted to get rid of her."  She held Danielle to her chest protectively, and Steve tried his best not to feel ill.  The world had been turned upside-down, and yet people continued to hold on to the same misguided opinions that they'd had before.  "Our friends helped us get out of there, and the last thing we want to do is go back.  But none of us knew how few resources there were out here."  Her voice broke, but she continued, "Danielle's going to die if we don't get something for her."
idea how—how mortified I was to see that disgusting scribble in the safe?”  She steps closer, pushing right up into his personal space.  “What is it about him, Tony?
anything.  I want you to be clear on that.  Okay?”
Steve blinks, and then he smiles, and it’s like the sun coming out from behind the clouds.  “Come here,” he says, offering his hand, and Tony reaches out to take it—his skin is rough but warm.  “Now close your eyes.”  Tony quirks an eyebrow up at him in response, but Steve just chuckles, squeezing his hand.  “Go on, close them.”
"You're the
It was the Jericho all over again, Steve thought.
"Hello," he replied, a bit lost.  He didn't know who the guy was and therefore didn't know how to treat him.
Steve could feel his cheeks start to burn.  Just because this was a dream didn't mean he didn't have to be so embarrassing in front of others, even if they were all in his head, he reminded himself.  "Sorry," he said. "I'm fine. Just… weird dreams, that's all."
Pepper moved to follow.  "I'll do the same," she said.  "Please hurry."
"You're crazy," Tony said.  Birch seemed undeterred, though.  Even as Tony saw Cap thrusting his arm back, getting ready to throw the shield, Birch was reaching under the blanket, his fingers closing around something, and then there was another click, this one sounding much more ominous than the sound from before.  The shield sailed past Birch half a second later, cutting the thing he'd been holding—a remote, maybe—cleanly in half, but Tony had a sinking feeling it was too late.
An image of a severed hand and blown-out brains came to mind, and Steve struggled to push it away.  "I remember an injured woman not knowing any better."
"Please," Steve cut in.  "Please.  Let me."
Tony looked outside.  "If we're going to be landing around here, then we might as well get as close to the smoke as we can," he said.  "I'm gonna try and land us somewhere on the shore.  We'll get off and wing it from there.  Can you get the suit?"
Oh, shit.
Carefully, Tony replaced the papers where he'd found them, then put the uniform back into the closet.  Then he made himself finish his soup - not because he was hungry, especially after a revelation like
Tony frowns.  This is hardly the direction he’d expected the conversation to turn toward.  “I—yes—but what does it matter to you?” he snaps, trying to regain his composure again.  “Go away.  You’re distracting me.  Let me go in peace.”
, isn’t that quiet, sharp inhale of Steve’s lovely?  Tony’s lips curve upward, and he pats Steve’s chest when he’s done, then steps back.  “There we go.”
Steve can still feel his cheeks burning, but he quirks his lips and raises an eyebrow at him.  “You’re awful.”
He wasn’t sure how long it lasted.  Steve wasn’t kissing back, not really, but he wasn’t pulling away either, so Tony felt no need to cut it off prematurely.  Still, he did eventually need to breathe, so he pulled back, gazing at him as his brain fought to catch up, reminding him of all the reasons why that had been a supremely stupid idea.  You weren’t supposed to just go around kissing your friends on the lips, especially not your guy friends if you yourself were a guy, because that just led to all sorts of trouble, and
Cap felt warm around him, and Tony realized he didn't want to leave.  But then the airship groaned in a way that reminded him that they
It’s so cliché, so overly sappy, that a part of Tony almost wants to burst out in laughter, but somehow, he doesn’t—maybe because the other part of him can’t understand why Steve is saying these things.  They’d been together once upon a time, but they’re just friends now.  Good friends, true.  Maybe best friends, even—and he’s all too aware of just how damned lucky he is to have had this chance to become so close to Steve again.  But friendship is where it ends, and he doesn’t get how Steve seems to think differently.
“Let it
"What do you think?" Carol managed.  "Our 'Grand Director' went nuts.  He sealed all the doors and windows, and… and he started killing people and locking them up in his office.  One at a time."  She paused to wheeze, clutching again at her stomach.  "Then he let them out after they'd turned, and things… escalated.  I found him, we fought, and then I killed him, or at least I think I did…"  Her gaze flickered to Steve.  "But by then it was too late to change anything."
Tony seems intent on making this as difficult for Steve as possible, though, because he stretches like a cat as he settles down, gaze still fixed on him.  He can probably tell when Steve’s eyes drift toward… other parts of his anatomy.  Oh, goodness.  “How’s this?”
Tony does, though his definition of giving Steve a moment apparently involves leaning down and kissing him deeply—though Steve hardly minds.  He kisses him back, tongue sliding into his mouth as his hands tangle themselves in the other man’s hair, loving the sounds he’s making—quiet, passionate, deep.  Was he like this with Sunset?  Maybe.  But he forces himself to push it out of mind.  Sunset doesn’t matter, after all.  Only the two of them, right here, right now, do.
Steve wanted to carry it, but Tony was closer, and he slung the bag over his shoulder with a wink before Steve could say anything.  All he could do was huff in Tony's direction before turning back to the woman.  "If you don't mind, what's in there?" Then he went to retrieve his own things, carrying Tony's supplies as well.  He didn't want Tony overexerting himself!
Though Tony can feel his eyes getting wet, he reaches out to touch Steve’s arm, trying to remember the last time he’d done this.  It feels like a lifetime ago that the two of them had been so happy and content, ready to take whatever the world was going to throw at them.  And the truth remains that no matter how agonizingly stubborn Steve was, no matter how often he’d refused to reconsider his position… Tony never wanted this.  He’d wanted anything,
"I'll ask again later, then," Tony said.  He unrolled his sleeping bag and crawled inside, Steve doing the same with his own.  Once Tony seemed to get comfortable, he rolled over so that he was facing Steve, eyes shining in the dark.  "Steve?"
The three of them glance at each other and change the subject, acting so thoroughly obvious about it that he’d go and shake each of them if he were feeling stronger.
He’s in the middle of ransacking all the drawers of this new room—which doesn’t even have a key cabinet—when the ship creaks ominously, and he straightens and looks around, feeling a lump in his throat.  “Hello?” he says, even though it’s a completely ridiculous, irrational thing to do—what the hell does he expect, the ship to talk back?  Fuck, he’s losing it.  Gritting his teeth, he pulls out more of the drawers, and that’s when the light dims and then goes out entirely, leaving him standing there in the dark, water up to his waist.
, even as he approached adulthood—how could he not, when the pages were more thrilling than anything he could find in a theatre?
"Thanks, Cap," Tony said.  He looked down at where the wound was, noticing now that his shirt was torn in that spot.  It was a good thing he'd stopped getting attached to his clothes a long time ago.
But Steve had noticed.  He'd noticed, and then he replaced Tony's hand with his own.
"Oh, Tony said.  It made him feel a little better… but not by much.  "Well—"
"I was," Tony agreed.  "Still am, I guess."  Doing the research part, anyway.  He was obviously not stateside at the moment.  "But…"  He took a deep breath, looking back out the window again.  "I guess you could say I've enjoyed working with you."
ended one entry.
"Soft," came the hissed reply.
“Los Angeles,” Tony replies, and he tries not to flinch when Steve’s shoulders slump.  “We still have phones and emails.  And anyway, it’s just a quinjet ride away.”  They had, after all, spent several quinjet rides going to and from the poppy reserve once.  It feels like a lifetime ago, and maybe that’s because it is.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut.  "He wanted me to stay," he said softly.  "I should have listened.  If I'd been there, maybe things would have been different."
But wait, he realized as he cleared his search query, leaving just the unfiltered list of opened files from yesterday (and this, at least, finally did convince him that yesterday had truly happened and that he'd somehow missed it, because his laptop's real-time clock wouldn't lie to him) - his designs, probably the most important files on his laptop, hadn't been accessed, but other files had.  A lot of them. Especially his CA_*.gif files.
Tony's eyes went wide at that.  He finally acted, springing up onto his feet and starting to climb up the fire escape.  Steve took down two more of the biters who had come close, then followed him up, tumbling onto the roof afterward and panting softly.  A glance confirmed that Tony seemed to be okay, though he did seem to be fixated on the grass below, where the biters were crowding around the building.  Steve gave him a few moments, then pressed, "Tony?"
—even though this was different from his other missions, where he already knew what the hell he was looking for, he still had hope that there
Steve frowns.  “Isn’t that stealing?”
know that we're following him to Turkey is too much to ask for."
That seems to be English enough for Steve, who blinks and goes pale.  “Flooding,” he repeats.  “You mean—we’re going to sink?”
Tony, out?  It finally occurred to Steve that it wasn't the box talking to him.  It was
"Oh," he said.
"Polio," Steve replied dumbly.  He knew it shouldn't be, but the idea felt bizarre.  In their world, everyone was now infected with this… biter disease.  Virus.  Whatever it was.  But people could still catch polio.
By the end of the school day, between paying attention to the new things that were being taught and trying to learn the concepts for the homework he'd… somehow already done yesterday (and he had to admit, whoever had written the original answers had gotten every single one right), Steve felt like his brain was as slow as molasses.  He just wanted to go home. Well, he still wanted to talk to Arnie first, but as usual Arnie had left class as soon as it ended, probably to do… whatever fellas like him did with girls.
," Steve insisted.  "You can't have been.  Why didn't you say anything earlier?  We could have—have done something—we can still do something!  I'll amputate—"
“W-whatever you want,” Tony says.  He doesn’t care what.  He just wants to hear Steve’s voice.
Steve swallowed hard.  He could see the ice again, rushing ever closer.  He blinked to get rid of the memory.  That was all it was now—a memory.  Not a vision.  "I thought I'd died, too."
It’s just another day at S.H.I.E.L.D.—so far as S.H.I.E.L.D. days can ever be “just” another day—in which he delegates work, hands out assignments, and tells yet another agent that the shield and uniform are retired.
Oh God.  Tony rubbed his face with his hands, eyes squeezed shut as he willed the truth to go away.  There was nothing he could do about it now, though; what was done was done. So he shook his head, then looked through the logs again, realizing that many of his recent voicelogs had been opened as well.  Based off the timestamps, whoever it was had actually listened through the entire thing before moving on to the next one. And - oh, what was
.  “Did you fly here alone?”
"I know."
, he realized, and then:
something, but he’s not sure what.  Their faces are so close, Steve can make out all the different shades of blue in Tony’s eyes, even if the only lighting is coming from a dim lamp from a few feet away.  He really is beautiful.  Beautiful and smart and clever and funny, and yet, even with all those qualities, he’s still—he’s still hurting, and all Steve wants to do is hold him close and soothe that hurt away.  “You deserve better than what you have,” he finds himself whispering.
The earnestness with which he said those words was surprising, and Tony didn't know how to immediately respond.  "Well," he said at last.  "Thanks for saving my life."  He looked around Cap to see Pepper and Rhodey still standing at the other end, looking like they were about ready to charge in, shield or no.  "I'm okay," he called to them.  "What was that sound?"
"What is
“What’s weird?”
Today, though, he hadn't done any of those things.  Losing Ma was still too fresh on his mind, so his activities mostly consisted of eating and staring out the window.  Jarvis had looked at him with concern, but what could Steve say?
Steve glared at him.  "So one killer missile named after a religiously significant city wasn't good enough, huh?  You're making a second one now, even after everything you've told me?"
The sabretooth looked at him and whined, paws skittish as it attempted to find steady footing.  It seemed to be trying to say something, but considering that giant cats weren’t exactly equipped to speak any human language, it was no surprise that nothing came out.  “I don’t understand,” Tony told it.  “What are you doing?”
"Yes," Tony managed.  It would have been nice if he were capable of saying more than one word at a time, but he supposed that he wasn't in a state to ask for much right now.  "What—" he paused to cough, then continued, "happened?"  Progress!  Two words now.
“Don’t be silly,” Steve replies, placing one finger against his chin and tilting his head up so that their eyes can meet.  “Of course I do.”  He smiles.  “I don’t get into random cars with just
"Humor me."
“Promise.”  Steve presses another kiss to his nose, and they cautiously make their way toward the lifeboat, where one of the crew members is shouting something—
"I missed this," Steve continued, so softly that Tony wasn't even sure he'd heard right.
Tony reached up, batting his hand away.  “Not right in the face,” he managed.  “I’ll—I’ll be fine.”
Tony snorted.  “Well, gee,” he said.  “What a surprise.  Thank you for enlightening me, because I have never heard that before in my entire life.  But I don’t care about big cats or reptiles.”
There was a pause, and for a moment Tony was hopeful Cap was going to give in.  Only a moment, though.  "…'Cap'?" Cap repeated, his lips quirking up in a tiny smile.  Tony thought it might have been the first one he'd seen from Cap so far, though admittedly there wasn't much to smile about in their previous interactions, since it had mostly involved Tony reiterating once again his findings about the oracle bone inscriptions.
be, and, God willing,
Tony blinks at him, then laughs, turning to peer over the rail.  “Yeah, maybe.  Hopefully not in the direct path of the ship, though.  I think that would be unfortunate.”
"Yeah?"
The hallway they'd stepped into was dark, and Tony blinked as his eyes adjusted to the change.  From one of the rooms came the sound of raucous cheering, and it was this room that the other man led them to, practically bouncing on his feet.  "
“You were worth it,” Steve says.
"And will you?" countered Tony.  It was strange, but he felt… oddly comfortable around Cap.  He still wasn't thrilled about Cap being forced onto them—he probably would have felt better about it if he'd been able to make a choice.  Still, he got the feeling that Cap did want to make sure the mission went smoothly.
Steve had never shared a bed with anyone, except for the times when he'd been young and crawled into Ma's bed so that she could protect him from the bogeymen in the closet.
That was unlikely, but Steve saw no point in arguing, going back to the bag.  There actually wasn't much in here—a few cans of what looked like dried milk, fruit, and ravioli, and also a box of dried eggs.  Steve rubbed his forehead.  "Why do you have these things, Stark?" he asked.  He definitely remembered falling into the Atlantic, which meant someone—Stark?—must have fished him out somehow.  The war had been winding down, but… maybe it'd started up again?  "Are we still at war?  Are we in Europe?"
Tony was almost tempted to say yes, but not for the right reasons.  He was still trying to figure out how he felt about the other man.  He enjoyed being in Cap's presence, but he didn't know what to make of Cap's evident connection to the relics they were currently hunting down.  Still, Cap was selfless and caring and supportive and all the things Tony wasn't.  And—he made Tony feel safe, what with the life-saving and the bandage-changing.  Which was
Fury nodded, and Tony thought about Rhodey, currently stationed in France; about Jarvis, managing his affairs while he was spending so much time at the Rad Lab; about Pepper, a war correspondent in the Pacific theatre.  "How many strings can you pull?"
“Maybe,” Rogers conceded, though he didn’t sound nearly as excited as Tony felt.  “Personally, I’m wondering why the city is empty.  You sure it’s a good idea to just waltz on in?”
“Okay,” he said instead, trying to sound peppy.  “So here’s what we’re going to do.  You’re going to please get that mopey look off your face, because it’s actually kind of depressing, and then we’re going to get our asses up that mountain.  So turn around and let me mount you.”  Wow, that came out wrong.
"If I doubt myself, why wouldn't I doubt everyone else?" Tony asked before immediately regretting it.  The fact that he'd had a lot of doubts about himself since the war started was probably not a thing he wanted to broadcast, especially not to someone who was in close contact with Fury.
, and Steve hasn’t done this in so long, but he’s determined to make it through this.  He bites his lower lip, one hand grasping uselessly at the leather seats, and he must have made some sort of pained expression, because Tony stops after a moment, looking down at him with concern.  “Are you okay?”
“I think we should have our first date in the poppy reserve,” Steve says, surprising Tony.  He reaches out and takes Tony’s hand, squeezing it gently.  “I don’t know.  It’s… it’s a nice place, and we haven’t been there for ages.  And it makes me think of you.”
Had he and Ty - done something together?
There was a pause as Stark looked like he wanted to say something, but in the end he just nodded and ran his fingers through his hair.  "Right," he managed.  "But we need a plan.  The door obviously isn't an option, and if we leave through the window we'll be back at square one, except worse, because we have no Jessica or smoke bomb."
, he thought.  Nonetheless, he kept quiet on that front, shining his flashlight around as they headed down the tunnel, their breathing loud in the otherwise quiet space.  It was dark and cool and utterly ordinary in every way, the walls unblemished and the floor looking as though no one had used it for ages—or ever, really.
“L-longer,” Tony repeats.  He’s starting to feel like he’s losing himself.  It’s cold and he’s hurting and the two of them are drifting somewhere on the Atlantic, surrounded by the dying and the dead.  By morning, what will have changed?  Steve says the lifeboats will come, but even if they do, then what?  Is more help coming?  He doesn’t know.  He doesn’t know a damn thing, and he’s starting to not even give a shit anymore.  The only thing anchoring him right now is Steve.  “T-talk to me,” he whispers.
, concluded the entry,
Steve is blinking rapidly at all this, seemingly trying to take it all in.  Finally, he manages, his voice weak, “Is there anyone on the ship you
"Yeah," Tony said.  He coughed and cleared his throat.  "I mean.  This thing that Fury has us looking for now—I'm assuming it's a special case, if knowledge about it reached him.  But just because Fury doesn't want the Nazis getting this in particular doesn't mean that we should be letting them get any of the other stuff, either."
"Good," Steve grunted, because once it picked up speed anything on the track wouldn't be as much of a problem, no matter how loud they were.  He disentangled himself from the cluster of biters and started running alongside the train.  "There's no foothold!" he called.  "Think you can pull me up?"
“Tony, calm down, you’re hurting yourself.”  Before he knew it, there were hands—human hands—wrapping around his wrists and gently pulling them away, but Tony kept his eyes shut, afraid of what he’d see.  He didn’t want to hallucinate a dead Steve.  Better to just—to just try and ignore it.
It didn't take long for him to find what he was looking for.  Soon enough, he was staring down at his trembling hands, gripping the drawing Steve had done of himself and Mom so long ago.  Tony had never had a chance to give it to her. Now he never would.
with you?" Ty demanded after practice, snatching the book out of Tony's hands and snapping it shut, turning it around to look at the cover.  "What the hell is this? More history garbage?"
"Just hold on," Steve said as soothingly as he could.  "Once the biters lose interest we can go back to the river and wash ourselves.  Okay?"
Slowly, Tony’s gaze drifts upward, and he takes a few more shuddering breaths before meeting his eyes.  “I’ll be fine,” he whispers.  He moves toward the door, but this time Steve holds still, making no move to stop him.  “I’ll be fine.  And—and if you ever come to me again, I swear to God I’ll have you arrested.”  With that, he vanishes, and Steve is left alone again, the room silent around him.
"Sound," Stark tried.  "Lure them to one side of the school and go in on the other."
“Don’t be silly,” Tony said, hissing as he made another loop around his arm with the gauze.  “Please don’t hover over me like that, really, I’m not going to spontaneously combust.”  He taped the gauze in place at the same time Steve tapped his paw again.
Or not.  His laptop, he was noticing now, was on
“I see it,” Rogers replied.
went soaring above them, right where their heads had been.  Using one hand to keep Tony on the ground, Steve cautiously sat up with his shield out, putting weight on his injured leg even if it was complete agony to do so.  "Jesus," he said a second later, scooting back.  "There's a tripwire here.  We must have triggered it."
And then—the impossible happens.  Steve Rogers, Captain America, surrenders.
Ty didn't even bother replying.  He instead rolled his eyes and walked off, picking up a tray and going to one of the stations.  Steve followed his lead, grabbing a tray of his own as he went to see what was available. There were scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, hash browns, muffins, scones, and exotically-colored cereal, and he ended up getting a little of everything.  Then there was an
So passed the rest of the day.  If Steve was being honest with himself, what he was really doing was passing the time until Tony's parents returned, to see for himself who they were and what Tony had grown up with.  Lunch and dinner went by, and while Jarvis served both to him, he ate alone.
There was again a pause.  Steve remained silent this time, watching as Tony took a few deep breaths, clearly composing himself.  When he next spoke, his voice was rough and broken.  "We saw a herd coming," he said.  ”We were in the middle of nowhere and we couldn't move because I was in the middle of repairing the suit and I couldn't risk abandoning it.  No cover.  No distractions.  Just us and hundreds of biters headed our way.  Even if we could have run I don't know how much it would have helped, because they might have boxed us in anyway.  I thought we were going to die."  Tony shivered, his fingers twitching.  "But Rhodey… he had an idea.  He said—he asked if I'd noticed how the biters never attacked each other.  We knew they were blind.  So he figured that the biter smell had something to do with it, and if we covered ourselves in it, we'd be safe.  I thought it was a good idea.  Hell, it
“I didn’t say to
Finally, they were all taken down, and Steve leaned over, looking at the woman inside the car.  She still looked shaken, but she was calmer now, at least.  "Need any help getting out?" he asked.
They kissed again, and for a little while, Steve could pretend everything was as it'd once been, and that the world would be okay.
“Sure,” Steve says.  He steps toward him, and that’s when Tony sees the blood on his suit.
“I was seeing if you had a big red skull under your face,” Steve says seriously.  “Since you’re going on about killing me and all.  But you don’t, so you don’t get to say these things.”  He pulls back, gazing at him.  “You’re right, Tony.  Things aren’t normal.  A lot—a lot happened between us, and some of it is hard to put away.  But we’re Avengers, and the world needs us to stand together.”
With Cap following, he stomped back over to the controls, removing his gauntlets so he could use his hands freely.  "Shh, baby," he crooned, flicking switches and shifting levers.  "You'll be able to rest soon."
She trailed off.  "Oh," Stark said softly from beside him, while Jessica made a choked sound in the back of her throat.
"Right, but we're not scientists who think no more government to interfere with our experiments is a good thing!"
"Would you?" Maya pressed.  "I saw how Tony reacted earlier, and you're
"It is now," Cap said.  So much for trying to pry any personal information out of him, Tony thought.  Cap, meanwhile, drummed his fingers idly against the table before continuing, "Can you show me the fragment we already have?"
Steve nodded, but he still had to know one thing - "Where's Dad?"
In front of them stretched a large, deep ravine, one he couldn’t see the bottom of and seemed to go on in both ways in front of him.  Could they just follow the edge and hope they’d come to a part where it’d end eventually?  How much time would that take?  And what if it ended at somewhere like a cliff?  Frowning, Tony got off of Rogers, then carefully dropped a rock into the pit.
They stopped a few hours later, with Tony declaring that he was starving and needed to eat.  Rogers allowed him to awkwardly dismount, at which point Tony flopped down onto the ground, rubbing his legs.  “God,” he said.  “I’m going to be feeling this in the morning.”
Awake.  Something felt wrong about that.  He wasn't supposed to be here.  He'd died.  He'd seen it happen over and over again in the glimpses of the future that had come to him for years, inevitable, inescapable, inexorable.
Opening his eyes again, he went over to the laptop and pulled it into bed with him, turning it on and tapping the keys until he reached the voicelogs section.  Then, leaning in close to the microphone so that no one outside his room would hear, he started to speak.
"I am."  Tony put the papers back into the bag.  "Take the reactor after… it happens.  Reed will know what to do with it."  He took a deep breath, looking paler than ever.  "And…"
Maya stuck another syringe into Steve's arm, and Steve hated that she could.  "You'll have to excuse Tem," she said conversationally.  "He gets overzealous.  He makes things sound a little more sinister than they really are."
?  Belatedly, he realized he had no idea what they were supposed to do once they got here.  A part of him had hoped that they’d haul their asses up here and then everything would be magically okay, but thinking about it, of course it wasn’t going to be that easy.  It never was.
worse.  Steve was grateful for everything he had, really, and one bully wasn't going to change things all that much.
“Come on,” Tony urged softly.
.  That wasn’t good.  Possibly worse than people, maybe.  He hadn’t actually fought any sabretooths yet, so he had no idea how bad they were.  But they were probably pretty bad.  “Okay.  What makes you say that?”
“Steve, what…?” Tony began, but before he could get any further, Steve lowered his head, nudging at Tony’s hand before opening wide once more.  Frowning, Tony looked down, trying to figure out what on earth Steve was trying to tell him.
Tony woke the next morning to find that they were already circling their next destination, Rhodey having put together the intel they'd received to figure out where they were going.  "There was Nazi activity recorded in Fenghao, the ruins of an old capital located in southwest Xi'an," Rhodey explained as Tony ate breakfast one-handedly.  "Fenghao itself is split into two settlements, Haojing and Fengjing.  Fengjing is where the ancestral shrine was located, so it makes sense that the fragment is located there."  He tapped his paper a little nervously, frowning.  "What we don't know is if the Nazis got the piece or not when they were down there.  We're too far still for the pieces that we have to, uh… guide us, the way they did in Yinxu."
"Call it a change of heart," Natasha said, smiling back, though it soon faded.  "I learned that there are some things that don't matter… and some things that do.  Goodness matters.  Love matters."  Her gaze shifted and went distant.  "I don't want to lose sight of that."
Tony tried pulling his hands away again.  This time, Steve let go, though he kept an eye out to make sure he didn't start rubbing them raw.  "I need to get clean," Tony whispered.  "I can't stand being covered in this."
He was wrapping Steve's leg with the gauze when the door opened again, and the woman walked in carrying a tray with two glasses of what looked like hot water and some cans of bologna and peaches that she'd already opened for them.  "I see you are getting settled," she said.  "I brought food."
He scrambled out of his chair and dove for the closet, pulling out the briefing materials he'd just stashed away before grabbing the pencil on his desk and starting to write.
Tony thought about Birch, about the circumstances that had led them onto an aircraft carrier outfitted with weapons he had thought he'd only dreamed of.  He thought about Virgil, who had died so quickly and so suddenly.  He thought about Gia, about her betrayal and how he had gone right into their trap.
one.  And does it really matter whether or not they’re soulmates if they’re happy together?  She doesn’t think so.  He doesn’t think so.
"Jarvis!" he tried again, voice hoarse from the smoke, but again no one answered.  Tony went in deeper, stopping along the way to pick up one of his notebooks off the ground, and that was when he saw a pair of feet sticking out from under a collapsed shelf.
There was nothing moving inside.  It did, however, manage to smell more terrible than the cafeteria or anywhere else in the school had, and once Steve was done gagging, he could see why—there was a body of a man lying on the ground, his face smashed into a bloody pulp.
Steve frowned a little, tilting his head.  "Lucky?" he repeated.  "You designed and built the thing, didn't you?  That's not exactly luck."
Tony can’t imagine what he might have written while in the process of losing his mind.  It probably wasn’t good, whatever it was.  “You forgive me?” he asks, half teasing.
Unfortunately for Tony, Steve did no such thing, leaping at him again and forcing him to jump off to the side.  “Steve!” he repeated, but it didn’t seem to be making any difference.
"I have a bad feeling about this," Tony muttered, but he nonetheless followed Steve up once they'd found the staircase, the wood creaking with each step they took.
Of course, if he took it out of himself, he’d be in for a world of pain at the very
"It's perfect," Tony assured him.
“Shut up!” Tony interrupts, managing to pull away from his grasp, but Howard just takes hold of him again, and there’s a brief scuffle—he thinks he hears the words
"Yeah," Steve said around a mouthful of the runniest but most delicious egg he'd ever eaten, glad that Tony had already mentioned this detail.
At last, the morose expression disappeared from Steve’s face, only to be replaced by one of annoyance.  Well, Tony would take what he could get.  “Thought so,” he said as Steve turned around.  He clambered onto him, clutching his fur.  “See?  Progress is nice, isn’t it?”
Tony fell silent, trying to hear it.  Once he managed to filter out the sounds of their own breathing, yeah, it was pretty loud and clear—there was sort of a deep, throaty element to it, which might have been nice in an entirely different context but was mainly terrifying now.  “Shit,” he murmured.  “Do you think it’s heard us by now?  Scratch that, of course it’s heard us.”  It was probably listening to him right now, and wasn’t
Before he could finish his sentence, Bucky was
And this is the way things are, for a while.  Tony rotates between running S.H.I.E.L.D., performing superheroics, monitoring Bucky—who, for Steve’s sake, he’s appointed to be the new Captain America—and waking up in the middle of the night screaming.  His friends and teammates will occasionally—frequently—express worry, and Tony will brush them off.
It was happening again, apparently.  Ma was talking about something he didn't remember anything about, and he didn't like the implications.  Either Ma was imagining things, or he was suffering from memory loss - maybe Dougie
"He was already dead," Tony said, pressing on the wound.  "Steve, you know this."
"In a way," Maya replied as they drew closer to the stadium.  The entrance closest to them looked blocked, and she led them to a further one instead, rapping on the door a few times.  Once it swung open, they stepped inside, Maya leaning in to whisper something to the person who had opened the door for them.  "But first we need to know how it works."
, Tony writes.
"You know," one voice was saying, accusing and almost frantic.  "You know what it does.  Tell me!  Tell me why I'm seeing these things—"
happen, and Steve could only make sure to treasure the time between now and the end, whenever that was.  He'd learned that lesson after having been bound to the stone for so long.  It had been what had broken them apart, but it had also been what had brought them together in the first place.
"I'll keep watch," Cap offered.  "You three have done this before.  I think you'll have a better eye for it."
, and Tony can’t believe he didn’t consider this earlier.
"Tony," he repeated.  Captain America, he decided, wasn't a liar—as unbelievable as the things he'd just said were.  "You say I'm an inspiration and save my life.  You get to call me by my first name."
,” he says.  “I didn’t
It seemed like he was safe for the time being.  At what cost, though? Had he made things worse for Tony?  And yet - what else could he have possibly done, just listen and do nothing?
understand, but this is going to have to be enough.  All I really know was that hearing your voice while you were on that plane, speaking to me, and then nothing… I thought that a part of me had died with you.  I realized the mistake I'd made."
For now, he kept reading.  The next letter was dated a month later and had different handwriting and the first words were
Steve could feel his fingers tightening against the shield.  Maybe Tony was right.  "Sir, we would really prefer not to fight."
Tony blinked up at him, his own chest heaving.  "Alright," he said in the ensuing silence—relative silence, anyway.  Neither of them was shouting anymore, at least.  "Thanks for that."
“Oh, I see,” Rogers said irritably as he caught up to him.  Funny.  The man always seemed so cheerful and polite in the public eye, but it seemed like Tony had a gift for getting under his skin.  Well, good.  “So you’re in charge of this expedition now, is that it?  Did you even read the briefings Fury gave us?”
After what felt like a lifetime of wandering in the desert, he reached his body's limits and collapsed into the sand with a loud clunking sound.  Sand sprayed into the open gaps in his faceplate, and Tony exhaustedly blinked it out of his eyes, wishing he had the strength to remove the suit.  It was so heavy. By this point, though, it seemed like too great a task, and the only thing he was able to actually take off was his gauntlets.
Rogers didn’t say anything to that, and for the next few hours, they continued to meander through the foliage, Tony occasionally checking the readings on his meter as Rogers rolled his eyes and made disapproving sounds under his breath.  The Savage Land was a strange place, but it was still
"I refuse," he said.
"Hey," Pepper interrupted suddenly.  She motioned ahead, glancing back at them.  "Are you seeing what I'm seeing?"
Rogers just sighed at this, turning away into one of the igloo-things.  He had to hunch over to get inside, which was, honestly, an image Tony had to snigger at.  Whoever used to live here must have been pretty short.  “Are you going to mope now?” Tony asked his retreating figure.
Steve didn't know what the writer meant about this being a dream, because Steve was quite real, thank you very much, but he kept reading.  It went into more detail about what had happened -
Tony was sitting on the couch, his shirt off and his heart exposed.  He had paper and a pencil out—visibility was likely terrible, though, given that they only had a few candles lit.  Seeing his heart like that always sent a jolt through Steve, reminding him of how vulnerable Tony was.  "What are you doing?" Steve asked as he sat down beside him.
As if on cue, Tony could hear the rumbling of incoming aircraft, and he shook his head, swearing softly under his breath.  Louder, he continued, "Northeast, toward the treeline.  Go!"
Tony hesitated, then shook his head as he rested it against Steve's chest, trembling a little.  "Thanks," he said quietly.
“Christ,” he says.  “You have rough hands.”
"You heard me," Tony said.  "Look.  There's a small gap I'll be able to crawl through.  And then you can get out of here without me weighing you down.  We'll meet outside."
He sighed, resigning himself to just staying for a bit longer as he turned onto his side, away from his window -
"Don't," Carol snapped.  "It's Burnside's damned fault.  You're not the one who poured concrete on the windows.  I'd help you escape again if I had to."
But then, to his surprise, he glances over at Howard, who hasn’t noticed him yet—and
"'Barely anything'?" Ty repeated.  "Rich, coming from the guy whose idea of breakfast is more coffee."  He looked down at Steve's tray. "Though it looks like you've branched out today, to say the least…"
Tony felt like it was a lot more than just Cap's job.  He was starting to think that maybe it was just who Cap was.  It was almost frustrating how determined he was to not be praised for anything, but it was oddly endearing, too.  "Either way," he said.  "Glad you were there."
much.
"Maybe," Steve said with a sigh.  "Sorry.  I don't know.  A lot happened today, and you were almost bit…"
was unfair.  Steve couldn't do that to him.  And ultimately… maybe it was for the better.  If he was thrown back into time, if he'd gone into the ice again, and if he could choose for Tony to find him or leave him there that second time around, Steve felt like maybe, even knowing that things would turn out the same way, that he'd be kneeling here in a park with Tony dying before his very eyes—he would choose for Tony to find him.
Then Steve heard coughing.  He looked and saw that Tony had gone still, his eyes wide and his hand clamped to his mouth.  Even as Steve watched, he could see Tony's shoulders begin to tremble, and then he was coughing again, his throat sounding like it was in complete agony.  "Sorry," Tony gasped out in between coughs.
He sounded so damned vulnerable right now, and it made something in Steve's chest ache.  "Do you want to talk about it?" he tried again.
This wasn't the time to dwell on that, though.  "Try again!" he yelled.
Cap's frown deepened.  "And how do you figure that?"
"Steve, I'm fine as long as I don't take the reactor out for an extended period of time," Tony said placatingly.  "And if you'll remember, you haven't seen me take it out a single time."  Steve searched his memory, realized that Tony was right, and relaxed a little as Tony continued, "So don't bother your pretty head over it.  It's just something I think about sometimes, that's all."
“Promise you what?”
"You left me!" he screamed, and in that instant he didn't know if he was talking to Mom or Steve.  It didn't matter. Whoever it was, they were gone and they weren't coming back.
Steve nods, and he places his hand against Tony’s shoulder, studying the crease lines around his eyes and lips when he smiles.  Tony really should do that more often.
have been him who ended it, but the thought of taking Peggy's or Dum Dum's or any other of his friends' lives still made his blood run cold.
, but it doesn’t matter.  Whatever comes—whether it be hell or high water—they’re going to face it together now, and that’s the only thing that does matter.
It was an empty patient room, from the looks of it.  It also had a window with the curtains open, and Steve blinked at the sudden light as he limped inside and took a seat on the bed.  "Thanks," he said, though he wasn't quite sure what their situation was yet.  Was she here to help them?  Or were they now her prisoners?
"You don't recognize me," the other man said, as though reading Tony's mind.  "You ruined me, and it didn't even matter to you."
appeared in them again, that feral wildness that Tony had started to associate with bared teeth and extended claws.  “No,” he whispered, taking another step backward as he felt fear bubble up in him, seeing the last of the sunlight reflect in his eyes and finding it anything but beautiful.  “Steve—Steve, no.  This isn’t supposed to happen.
"We can't bring Danielle in.  And if something happens out here, you're better able to protect her on your own than I would.  Besides, I'm smaller than all of you.  That might be useful."
Tony blinked down at it, surprised that Cap had already put this together for him.  "Well," he said.  "Thanks."  He hesitated, then turned around so that Cap could help him put the pack on.  Everything still hurt, but it was a throbbing, constant pain that he could tolerate for now.  He just needed to last until they found the last piece, and then he could rest.  "Are
And suddenly Tony knew what he had to do.
"Biplanes," Pepper said, holding a hand up to block the sun as they emerged into the light.  Tony scrunched his face as he put his flashlight away—they'd been in that dark tomb longer than he'd thought.  "Umm.  Reminded me of a Jean, which I've seen while with the Navy, but I don't think they'd be this far inland.  Maybe a Perry?  I've seen pictures and it could be that."
There had to be a better way, but Steve couldn't think of one, so he reluctantly reached down and… scooped some of the gunk up.  It was warm and sticky and the smell was repugnant, but he started to cover himself as well, trusting Tony on this.  "You've done this before," he said quietly.
future.
"It's what I would have done if I'd known how bad things had gotten," Tony replied softly.  "I can barely think of it as home anymore.  Everything was changed.  Ruined.  The Bronx is as far as we're going to get, and then we'll be crossing the George Washington Bridge into Jersey.  Don't make me go any deeper into the city."
Natasha lowered her hands, seeming to relax a little now that they were listening to her.  "I was in a group of three, myself included," she said.  "One of them left several days ago to forage for more supplies south from here.  He hasn't come back."
Steve didn't know what to say to that.
"Yeah," Tony announced, "I'm here.  And I'm thinking we should start with introductions."
"Sure," Cap said, nodding a bit.  He paused, then added, "So what are you suggesting?"
The simple answer: not anytime soon, because things get worse instead.
"Then come on," Maya said, starting to head down the street.
They were spared from further conversation when a rustling sound came from above, and long brown hair spilled from a sudden gap in the ceiling tiles.  "Finally," Jessica said, rubbing some of the dirt off her face as she peered down at them.  "I was afraid I wouldn't be able to find you guys."
"I'll heal on my own," Steve tried again, but neither of them seemed to pay him any heed.  Steve sighed.
"You think?"
"Don't," Jessica said weakly.
An explosion sounded.
So up they went.  Around noon, they found another pond and stopped to rest, Tony sliding right off of Steve and flopping over onto the grass.  “Sore,” he croaked, pulling both packs off of Steve and reaching into one to grab a bottle of water.  Seriously, riding bareback on a damn sabretooth was never going to be comfortable, no matter how much he did it.
Tony hummed softly.  "But nothing else?  Nothing you've noticed that would make the Nazis want it?"
They walked.  Steve didn't want to admit it to himself, but he was definitely slower, even without taking Bucky into consideration.  Tony seemed to feel the same way—he didn't say anything, but Steve could tell Tony was slowing down for his sake.
The next time Tony and Steve face off against each other, Steve has the upper hand, and now it’s Steve who’s beating into him relentlessly, chipping away at Tony’s armor with his shield.
He'd need some help from Steve's mom, though.  It was still summer and a weekend to boot (and thank goodness, because Steve had talked about his brand-new delivery job and it sounded like something Tony really didn't want to deal with), so Tony expected to see her already in the kitchen, maybe frying up some biscuits.
Rogers rolled his eyes, but he set the gauntlet back down.  Like he had any right to be exasperated!  Tony would like to see how he reacted if he tried taking his shield.  “Fine,” Rogers said.  “If another giant mutant cat attacks us, it’s on you.”  He peered out the entrance of the igloo-thing, even though it was pitch-dark outside.  “I think we’ll be okay, though.”
"Here we are," Tony agreed.  He still didn't know what was happening, but there were two things that were clear: one, that Birch was clearly not right in the head, and two, that it was definitely dangerous for him to have all these weapons.  "I'm not particularly interested in being ruined, so I think we'd better end this now.  Cap?"
.  "You really did pack like it was an A-day."  He picked out his agenda next, flipping it open before making a soft sound of triumph and turning it around so Tony could see.  "Okay, wait, here we go. I hope this convinces you."
"Jesus," Steve said.  "No.  Of course not.  I blame Burnside.  I just… I wish things turned out differently."
Steve chuckles again.  “Maybe a little longer.  Not forever, though.”
The next thing he knew, Tony had managed to find the strength to push himself away from the tree, surging into Steve's arms and holding onto him tight as he kissed him for all he was worth, and for a brief, beautiful moment, Tony's lips were all Steve knew, everything wrong with the world simply a distant memory.  He could do nothing but kiss Tony back, his own arms wrapping around Tony in return, and when Tony finally had to pull away, panting, Steve thought he looked happy.  He was still pale and he was still dying, but the happiness—the happiness on his face was something Steve wanted to remember always.
Did Steve still remember him?
"Yeah, apparently."  Ty threw something at his face; Steve pulled it off and saw that it was some sort of school uniform.  "Finish your coffee and get dressed so we can go to practice. We both know I'm going to be on top of the leaderboard this year, but victory is sweeter if I actually have to fight you for it."
And so Tony pushes in.  It’s not easy, not at all.  Tony—Tony is really
Then suddenly he stopped falling, because there was an arm around him, holding him steady.  Rhodey, his brain managed to tell him amidst the agony.  But while Rhodey was strong, Cap wasn't light, and neither was Tony for that matter—they wobbled precariously, Cap still dangling too much to get a good grip on the door and the airship unable remain level as it tried to maneuver.
Steve didn't know what that was in this context, but the woman's lips twisted upward in a half-smile.  "Natasha Romanova, at your service."
out.  Then the three of us searching will regroup there and continue.  All clear?"
"Pardon?"
Jessica frowned down at the moss.  "Do biters think moss… smells bad?" she ventured after a moment.
The other man hums to himself, studying the drawings of her.  “You’re very good,” he says.  Then he flips to the next page, and his eyes widen at the same time Steve feels his ears turn red.  “Well, hel-
Progress came soon enough.  The crumbling remains of what were most likely rammed-earth buildings came into view, and they were still the only people around, as far as Tony could tell.  Feeling grateful, he paused, which forced everyone else to stop in their tracks as well.  "Before we go any further, I want everyone to appreciate the enormity of what we're about to step into," he said.  "This is the place where the oracle bones we've been looking at were discovered, which proved the existence of a dynasty and is one of the earliest examples of Chinese writing.  That alone is impressive.  But this was also once a capital city, and it's big.  Really big.  Only part of it has been excavated, and it's probably not the part that has what we're looking for.  We have our work cut out for us."
"Can't," he finally made himself reply.  Now for an excuse. "Uh, I got caught in gov class working on bot stuff.  Have to write a remedial essay tonight."
"Calculus, English lit, lunch, physics, French," Ty recited.  "Wow, I hate that I know your schedule by heart. Anyway, I'll see you at lunch, I guess."
"—But I think maybe we can work something out," Cap continued, before Tony could say anything more.  "I know the Nazis are looking all over the world.  But that's gotta involve Europe at least some of the time, right?  So maybe when your searches take you there, we can work together.  I don't think that's out of the question."
The next few days were comfortingly similar.  They would ride, take detours to avoid biters and debris when necessary, eat when they got hungry, and then when night fell, look for shelter.
He'd had to make some mental concessions.  Well, more like just a single concession, but it was a big one: he
Tony comes to learn that everyone’s words are—or should be, anyway—a private matter, not to be flaunted around.  He finds that his own words in particular are of interest to both his peers and the media, tabloid articles supposedly exposing them popping up with increasing frequency as he gets older and, if he’s being quite honest with himself, handsomer.  At some point, he gets into the habit of covering his wrist with concealer, even though he fervently rubs it off every night so he can touch the words with his fingers, wondering where his soulmate is right now.  Maybe, he sometimes muses, it would be easier if everyone knew what his words looked like.  Maybe his soulmate would recognize their own handwriting and just come to him on their own.
That tiny bit of his brain stirred something within him - a thought, a memory, of Steve and his Ma and her final days.  It wasn't a happy one, and Tony should have found it upsetting - but instead, it made anger flare up within him, and suddenly he was off his chair and on his feet, burning with the desire to take some sort of action.
Tony gives him a small smile, flipping back to the front.  “You’re extraordinary,” he says, and the words make Steve blush.  “You see people, and… you can understand them.  I’ve never met anyone like you before.”
It didn’t bear thinking about.
“Oh.”  Steve seems to deflate, prodding at his jacket mournfully.  “So… no dinner with you, then?”
"So what's the plan, Tony?" Rhodey asked.
“Of course I did,” Tony said.  He’d gone through them all before they’d even left, and that had been all he’d needed to do.  “Rogers, maybe your precious, idealistic mind can’t handle it, but S.H.I.E.L.D. didn’t send us out here so we could have a field trip for fun.  They’re looking for something, and they’re using us to get it.”
"We have to get inside!  Jessica, go!"
, if things take a turn for the worse.  His father is, well, his
"So that's it.  That's what I wanted to say, mostly.  So I hope you can forgive me someday for going to war even though you asked me not to, and - and I hope that against all odds I'll see you again.  And if I don't, if this is the last time we ever cross paths… then I want to make sure you know that you touched my life in a way no one else ever has.  You are the pulse of my heart, Tony."
A stray bullet that made it through the gaps in his armor interrupted his hazy thoughts, and Tony cried out, sinking down onto one knee and blindly firing his own weapons until he could hear an answering shout of pain.  Oh, God, it hurt. The bullet hurt. His chest hurt. It all hurt.
"Then let me repay the favor," Jessica said.  She glanced back at Steve and Stark.  "You two—you'd help me get her out, right?  Please—"
“It was a
Rogers followed him, squinting at the rock.  After a moment, it was clear he was seeing what Tony was, because he asked, “Is this writing?”
An hour or two later, they finally reached the edge of the city, and Tony sighed in relief as he laid eyes on the long tunnel from what seemed like ages ago, even though really, it had been what, two days?  Rogers headed down the hall at remarkable speed—it seemed like he had extraordinary night vision; Tony would have to ask about it later.  Then they were back at the entrance, and Tony found himself promptly cursing.
.  But it’s not enough.  It’ll never be enough.  Tony had wanted forever, and in the end, all he’d gotten was a fraction of eternity.  And now—now this is it.  After this, he’ll never be able to spend another moment with Steve Rogers.
—and he gasps, eyes fluttering back open.  No matter how much it hurts, no matter how much he wants to just give up and meet Steve again in whatever realm that is beyond life, he can’t, he
Steve still didn't know what the Tveria was, but it was clearly important to Tony, so he pushed her harder against the wall.  "Then you'd better find them."
—burst into applause, like this is something they’ve wanted to see their whole lives.
Tony wondered why this was coming up.  "Of course."
Then another pair of arms reached forward, and he was finally pulled back into the airship proper just as it pitched forward.  Tony swayed dazedly for a second, then fell back onto the floor of the airship with a grunt, his vision going white.  "Cap," he managed, trying to blink the whiteness away.  "Is he here?  Safe?"
Steve glances up at him, surprised.  “We’ve been in contact with each other,” he replies.
And so he reached up, placing one hand against Steve's shoulder, starting to slowly slide it up toward his cheek.  Steve could have moved away if he wanted, but he didn't, instead remaining rooted in place.  Once again, there was nothing to hear but their hearts beating in the stillness of the room.
There’s… something in his voice that Tony can’t quite make out.  A faint note of pleading, and… something else.  He’s not sure what, but he’s hardly about to deny him.  “Yeah,” he says.  “W-we’ll go together.”
yesterday.  And you looked like shit to boot.  And today you come in like everything's just fine?"
.”  He likes to think he knows his guns.  Actually, scratch that.  He
"Yeah, I do," Dougie said, and he stalked off without another word.
“I have to go,” he says, bringing the faceplate down, and before anyone can stop him, he’s out a window and flying west, feeling grateful when he doesn’t hear the sound of Carol pursuing him.
It happened again.  And again. And again.
"Right," Tony said, a little hesitant.  He wondered where Steve had picked up the term from.  "Do you have a problem with that?"
“It’s the ship,” he explains.  “It makes me feel emasculated if I don’t act like a gentleman.”
After a few very long moments, a man stepped out from behind the foliage, hands held up as a woman holding something followed him, eyes wide.  "That's Captain America's shield," the woman said, staring at it.
armed, but Tony wanted answers, and killing him wasn't going to help him get any.  They'd need to talk first.
"Yeah," Tony panted, letting his body relax.  God, that had stung.  But he'd felt worse, and this was pretty small potatoes in comparison.  Talking to Cap made it more bearable, at least.  "You didn't answer my question."
Steve's mom - ugh, Tony definitely needed a better way to refer to her as in his head, because just calling her "Steve's mom" wasn't really working for him - looked down at the offered plate, lips twitching.  "Very fancy," she said as she reached forward with shaking hands to accept it. "I already know this is going to make me all better." But then her gaze shifted toward Tony, turning stern. "But if you get sick, I'm not going to be very happy with you."
"Let's bring him home," he said quietly, and together they rose toward the light like ghosts leaving a body.
Steve blinks at that and quickly draws his hand away, looking up at him apologetically.  “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to hurt—”
Cap rolled his shoulders, presumably to point out the shield on his back.  "I have everything I need right here," he said.
mere hours ago.  He’d been in
Was Steve even still alive?  Tony could get up and look, but he was too afraid, too ashamed to do so.  Because even if Steve was, what then?  He was still a sabretooth.  Either Steve’s mind was still trapped in that body, or, even worse—and more plausibly, given his recent behavior—everything that Steve had been was gone now, and there was nothing left but a ferocious, wild cat.  And if
His face is dry as he climbs over the railing, carefully turning around to look at the churning water below, the wind whipping against his face.  He doesn’t cry.  He never cries anymore.  His father had rid him of that impulse out of him long ago.  Still, his heart is heavy as he closes his eyes for a moment, wishing… things didn’t have to be this way.  Wishing that his father could just accept him for who he is.  That he could stop feeling so damned ashamed about whatever Tony chooses to do, that he could give his blessing to let Tony work on things besides damn weapons all the time.  But Howard Stark is not a man of change, and Tony knows—so long as Howard’s around, Tony can’t ever be happy.  And Howard will always be around.
"Bullshit," Tony said.  If that were actually the case, he would have trotted that excuse out from the very beginning.  "Come on.  Just tell me."
"Everything was fine," Tony said as he headed to the sink, trying the faucet.  It didn't work, so he got on his knees and opened up the cabinet beneath the sink, starting to fiddle with the plumbing.  "I kept on expecting her to do something, but she just showed me her supplies and let me take what I needed, and then we came back.  She didn't tell me anything about herself."  He turned to grin at Steve before turning his attention back to the sink.  "I even used all of my considerable charms on her, but they didn't work."
As soon as he read those last two words, everything seemed to make sense.  A missing day, a vivid dream about the future, a name that was more familiar than it had any right to be - Tony Stark had actually been him for a day, and he'd actually been Tony Stark.  It explained everything. Well, everything except the fact that the very concept seemed to defy the very laws of science, but hey, he'd read crazier things in comic books. He could go along with it.
Tony cleared his throat loudly.  "I'm right here."
"Amazing, isn't he?" said the guy who'd brought Tony here in the first place.  Tony cast a glance in his direction and saw a shit-eating grin wide enough to match his own on a good day.  "No shield or anything. Going at it with nothing but a smile."
“I can hear it,” Rogers whispered.  “It’s breathing.  Listen.”
“There are things I couldn’t say even in front of just Jan and Hank,” Tony admits softly as he lets his eyes shut, pretending for a little while that Steve is sitting in front of him listening, alive and well.  “Things I couldn’t say even in front of just myself earlier.  But this is my last chance, and if I don’t say these things now, I know I’ll always regret it.”
"And you want me to become part of that group, is that it?" Cap said, voice soft.
“Anything for you,” Tony replies, and he leans forward to capture his lips again.
"Are we?" Steve asked, his gaze falling onto the pistol.  He didn't feel ready.  He didn't think he would ever feel ready.  But he'd told Tony he'd do this, and he'd rather die than go back on a promise like that.
Ty rolled his eyes, which just irritated Tony even more, though he tried to control himself.  Getting into a fight probably wouldn't be very productive, seeing as Ty was never going to change.  "Okay, you don't want to talk about it. Let's just get food."
Then Tony laughed.  He put a hand to his mouth, and from the way his eyebrows creased, Steve wasn't actually sure if he was laughing or crying.  Steve realized with a jolt that he was doing both.  "Hi," Tony repeated, and his eyes shone with fresh tears.  Without thinking, Steve reached up—mildly surprised that his limbs were working as expected—and brushed them away with a thumb.  Tony didn't pull back.  "You're miraculously alive even after crashing a plane into the Atlantic, and that's what you come up with?"
"We're headed toward Bethesda," Steve told Natasha as they stood outside the hospital, the coast clear for now.  "The NMI lab, specifically.  So if you ever want to leave the city…"
When he opened his eyes again, Steve was gone.
The morning air was cool as consciousness filtered back to Tony, causing him to curl up a little into himself, shivering.  God, what had happened last night?  Tony—Tony recalled some things, dimly.  Bad things.  Things about broken promises and glinting eyes and dying.  Things that, upon second thought, were better left forgotten.
“Get your head out of the gutter,” Tony replies with a snicker.  “I’d love to stay naked with you, but it’s best that we get out of here before they’re done eating and gossiping.  I’ll be back in a moment.  Put this back in the safe for me, will you?”
stomach was still full of raw, possibly-not-entirely-digested deer, no matter how gross that seemed.
, he tried instead.
Steve spent the next few minutes listening to the other new voicelogs, getting caught up on everything that had happened in Tony's life since the last switch.  As he'd suspected, Tony had gone home for the summer, having been picked up by someone named Jarvis. His parents had been away at some conference but were due back… today.
Information, Tony thought.  It didn't sit well in his head.  "We have to save them."
"I don't think anyone's surprised to hear that," Pepper said with an eyeroll.  "But you're just going to have to deal with it."
“Steve!”  Steeling himself, Tony manages to swim in the direction of the voice, nearly sobbing when his eyes land on Steve, who apparently managed to emerge beyond most of the other people, far away from the ship.  One hand is above water, grasping tightly onto the makeshift raft Tony had built for them—thank God one of them had managed to hold onto it.  “Oh, God, Steve,” he breathes, going over to him and reaching up to touch one freezing hand to his face, making sure he’s really here.  “A-are you alright?”
at you, you’re
?  Tony sighed, plopping down onto the ground.  Fixed heart or not, he really needed to be seated right now.  “Wow,” he said, rubbing his forehead.  “Okay.  Wow.  So you’re a sabretooth now, huh?”  He paused, expecting an answer, then remembered that Rogers couldn’t talk.  “Right.  Well.  First things first… we have to figure out how this happened.  And then we have to figure out how to undo it.”
It’s… troubling, yes.  He’s not
Yeah, right.  More like ship of—ship of—
in him, apparently.  And Tony didn't know what to make of that.
Packing was a quick affair - Steve didn't have much in the way of personal items, and though Tony looked, he found no trace of the journal he and Steve had exchanged so many messages in nearly half a decade ago.
Sunset looks between the two of them.  “Dear,” she says, voice tight, “the man is from
It was lucky that Steve had frozen in shock, because if he'd reacted differently he probably would have ended up dropping the journal onto his face, lying back in bed the way he was.  Fortunately, his eyes could still move, so he started reading the rest of the entry, hardly able to believe what he was seeing.
“Tony?” comes a voice from behind him, and Tony tries not to appear too guilty as he turns around to see Steve looking at him with concern.  “What are you doing?”
But Steve was in trouble, if the concerned operators tracking the plane were anything to go by.  Something was wrong with the controls, and that was why he'd needed Tony's help, so he could talk him through how to land the plane safely, because right now it was booby trapped and damaged and he couldn't just risk attempting something on his own.  But the initial request had been frantic and rushed, with the consensus being that there was someone else on the plane with Steve, trying to take it down, and so Steve had been silent, presumably preoccupied with fighting whoever it was.
"Oh, my God," Tony breathed, immediately going to Steve's side.  Steve blinked up at him blearily.  "Steve, darling, stay with me, okay?"
"So she probably had help."
Steve’s face goes pale when his eyes land on it—or at least, it would if he weren’t so pale already.  “Jesus, Tony,” he says in a low voice, looking up at him.  “I… I guess this is better than drowning.”
"West."
- he didn't respond to anything about her illness, nor did he bring it up himself.
There were no wires to cut.  Of course there weren't.  This wasn't designed to be dismantled so easily.  But it was possible, because it was him and there was always, always a failsafe.
"Mr. Stark?" that same voice pressed.  Tony was pretty sure it was Cap, since no one else on the airship called him that.  It helped that the voice sounded just like Cap's.
And so they left, though not until after Jessica and Luke had shared a kiss that made Steve avert his eyes while Stark just raised an eyebrow and smirked.  Jessica led them through the trees and onto a road, keeping an eye out for any danger.  Fortunately, there was none—according to Jessica, a herd had passed by three weeks earlier, and any biters that had previously been around had more or less gotten swept up in it, though there would likely still be a few stragglers.  But they managed not to encounter any, and almost two hours later they were in front of a building labeled as the Lee School.  "This is it," Jessica said as she crouched behind a fence, peering out at it.  "Funny.  I don't see the guards on the roof."
“Shush,” Tony says, placing a finger on his lips.  “I was studying diagrams of the ship earlier.  Only the crew and I know how to easily find this place, and the crew has no reason to come down here until we dock.  Is that answer satisfactory?  Because I’d really like to seduce you now.”
"Yeah," he murmured.  "Yeah, I'm fine."
Still musing over everything, he rolled out of bed, pulled on his clothes, and plodded over to the kitchen.  Ma was already sitting back down at her sewing machine, working. Still, she spared him a smile, albeit one that was a bit tighter than usual, when he entered.  Not wanting to disturb her, Steve wolfed down his breakfast - rice with milk and sugar - and tried not to think too wistfully about the imaginary bacon and sausage he'd had in his dream.  He washed his bowl when he was done, then picked up his bag and lunch bucket (a peek inside told him that Ma had packed him a mayo sandwich today). "I'll see you later, Ma. Love you," he told her, and for some reason she seemed to relax, giving him a smile broader than the last one as he left.
“I-it’s okay,” Steve manages, attempting to place a finger against Tony’s lips before remembering that his hands don’t exactly have a lot of leeway right now.  “Tony, you have to get out of here.  It’s not safe.”
"I… think it may be attracted to the other pieces," Cap offered as he stopped moving around.  "It wants to be put back together.  And it's acting this way now because one of the pieces must be close by."
"I want you to remove the body, yes," Tony said.  "And check the rest of the ship.  Make sure they didn't leave any surprises for us."
“W-what are you doing?” Tony asks, but Steve doesn’t answer, just keeps on paddling.  When the other man stops, Tony looks around—he thinks that maybe he’s facing a different direction now, but it’s hard to tell when everything looks the same.  “What was t-that about?” he tries again.
with you?  How can you bring this filth in front your fiancée?  In front of
"And this is a preserved wildlife refuge, so minimal human interference," Luke added, then continued, when everyone turned to look at him, "I'm just reading the signs, man."
Birch started laughing.
Ten years ago, Stark had designed a weapon unlike any other, one that had the potential to kill more people at once than all the fire bombings they'd had up to that point combined.  Ten years ago, Steve had decided he could no longer listen to Stark's justifications, and their relationship, and everything that came with it—the stolen kisses, the quiet pleas to be careful, be safe, the secret smiles exchanged when in the company of others—ended.
Damn it.  He wanted to pretend he didn’t hear it, because chances were good that his brain was just torturing him at this point, but it was Steve’s voice, and he couldn’t ignore what he was saying.
He missed Rhodey.  He missed Pepper.  Most of all, he missed Jarvis.  But they were all back in civilization doing one thing or another, helping to rebuild the world after war had ravaged it.  He wondered if Rogers wanted to be back home, too.  Tony sure did—but if he couldn’t find a cure for his heart here, then he wouldn’t be able to be
"No, Tony," Steve said, his voice more gentle now.  He sighed, looking hard at the wall of the plane.  Tony followed his gaze.  It was slightly more interesting than the ceiling.
Ma smiled gently at him, and Steve took it in, all the creases of her face, every shade of blue in her eyes.  "Do you want to run from me, Stevie?" she asked.
Pepper leaned over to gape at it.  "So if you're right, and it's trying to connect with a nearby piece, then we should be heading in the direction the edges point in…?"
"Steve, the hell is going on?"  From Steve's left, the entrance door swung open, and Tony stepped in, his eyes darting from the shield on the ground, to Bucky standing in the doorway of the other room, and back to Steve.  "Holy shit," he said, and he stepped forward, holding the shovel like a spear.
“On it,” came Rogers’ voice, and then there was a loud thump and the sound of an extremely pained roar; in the wild light of the flashlight, Tony could see the glint of the shield as it rammed into the cat’s body.  “Try again!”
There was nothing for it.  Without another word, Steve scooped Tony up into his arms, and then—he ran.
Well, that was certainly reassuring.  “So we’re trapped.”
"Help Jessica!" Steve snapped.
"Right," Tony replied groggily.  He wanted to go back to sleep, but obviously that wasn't going to happen right now, if it was at all, so he pushed himself up onto his elbows.  "Consider that an area of improvement.  Why are you here?"
Upon closer inspection, the spots she pointed to were more tripwires, and Steve was careful to step over them with his bad leg, Tony following his lead.  "Keep an eye out," Tony murmured to him as they watched the ground.  "Those pistols were Makarovs."
The trembling started anew, and Steve couldn't stop it this time.  "I will, Ma," he promised.
"And you still don't recognize me," said the man.  "Donald Birch.  Does that ring any bells?"
“Okay,” Steve pants, turning Tony around so that they’re facing each other.  “Let me look at you.”
“Wait,” comes a voice from behind him, and Tony is so shocked, he almost falls off by accident.  He manages to tighten his grip on the railing, turning a bit to glare at the intruder.  What kind of idiot is out here at this time of night?
Tony woke up with the oddest feeling.
Steve licks his lips.  “You make me pushy.  Take it as a compliment.”
Tony nods, though he makes no move to board.  Right now, with his arm the way it is… he’s not entirely sure he can move it, and the idea of dragging himself onto the raft makes him want to just stay right here in the freezing water instead.  “Y-you get on first.”
The woman gazed at him, unafraid.  "I am nobody," she said.  "But
And with Birch dead and the ring gone, then one thing was clear: it really was done.
“And we shouldn’t, because we’re in an awful position where we can’t even see anyone sneaking up to us—”
Cap opened his mouth a little, then closed it, lips pursing.  "Well," he finally said.  "The pieces are attracted to each other, right?  If his piece are attracted to ours then he'll always have an idea of which direction we're in."
They had fuel, they had food, they had the suits.  "Then let's get this girl off the ground," Tony said, and soon enough, they were in airborne, heading west.
“Thank God,” Tony murmurs when he hears the good news.  As for seeing the others, though… he’s not so sure about that.  It’s not—it’s not that he doesn’t like them, or anything like that.  But he’s not connected to them the way he used to be; Carol and Steve are two of the few Avengers he’d kept in regular contact with since leaving.  “I’ll stay here,” he says.
He shouldn’t.  He really, really shouldn’t.  Steve had never shown his words to anyone.  But Steve is gone now, and Tony… Tony needs to know.
The man stared at him.  Once again, Tony felt a twinge of familiarity, but he couldn't pin it down exactly.  He must have seen this man before, but when?  He couldn't remember.
Speaking of which - if they continued this whole switching thing, then at some point - and probably some point soon - Steve was actually going to meet his old man, and Tony didn't know what would happen.  Summer vacation was rapidly approaching, and though Tony fully expected both his parents to be out most of the time, they'd probably have to see each other at least once. Maybe twice. Or, God forbid,
But the kitchen was empty.  Confused, Tony checked the doorway - maybe she'd stepped out - but he knew she only had the one pair of shoes, and they were still sitting in the entrance.  So she was home, then. And from the looks of the closed bedroom door, she was in her room.
Tony sticks his hands in his pockets as they walk, turning his gaze toward the ocean.  “I guess I just wanted to thank you again for last night,” he says.  “I think.”
"Yup," Jessica said.  "Hear the biters are less active up there.  We need to find somewhere to settle down for the long haul."
"Thanks," he said, letting out a soft sigh of relief as he spared another glance outside.  The ground was getting closer as the airship lost altitude, and he knew that all he could do was to minimize the impact landing would have on both the airship and the people inside.  "Get ready to hit the ground.  We have about a minute."
"Thank God it's you," Rhodey breathed as he looked up.  He'd taken off his outer shirt and tied it around his face such that only his eyes were visible.  "Cap was here, but a bunch of guys attacked him and he's busy now.  Is Pepper okay?"
The realization, however, was less useful than he would have liked.  He was alive, but why?  How?
The only problem was getting close enough to the stray giant cat to actually retrieve it.
Practice went as it always did, culminating in him scoring a narrow win against Ty in their final sprint.  Tony was feeling pretty good as he walked out of the locker room once he'd showered and gotten dressed again, Ty frowning as he followed after.  "You don't have to look so disappointed, Ty," Tony told him on their way to the cafeteria. "It's not like this hasn't happened before." Plenty of times, even.
Pepper drew back, then nodded in Cap's direction.  "Thanks, Cap," she said, and then she left the room.
And, in forty-five seconds, it was going to kill them all unless he did something about it.
Tony had no answer, and neither did the rest of the carrier: everything suddenly went very silent, and for a second all Tony could hear was the sound of his own heart beating.
"Carol," Jessica said helplessly.
"Wow," said the guy, his lips twisted upward slightly.  "You weren't even drinking last night. Finish your coffee and get yourself together."
, Tony," he said insistently, placing his hand against his back.
Steve blinked, tilting his head, and Tony could tell what he was thinking.  “No, I’m just kidding,” he said.  “Eat away.  I’m just unsettled by the blood you’re spraying everywhere.  But please, continue.”  Steve let out a whine at this, like some sort of overgrown… sabretooth puppy, but he obediently went back to munching away as Tony put the fire out and packed their things.  Once he was done, he rested his head back against the cave wall and let his eyes shut, tuning out the sounds of Steve eating raw meat.
And yet—it’s not the earth-shattering revelation he had thought it would be.  He’s spent so long obsessing over not obsessing over his words that they hardly matter to him—and that’s the way it should be.  The words have never mattered.  It’s like what Rumiko had told him once, years and years ago: if this is who he wants to spend his life with, it’s because this is what he chooses, and the words are nothing more than a reflection of reality.
"I'll do it," Cap replied quickly, stepping forward before Tony could do anything and reaching downward.
"Worrywart," Steve murmured.
He was probably just lonely, he thought as he sat down in the assigned row for students his grade.  Which was ridiculous, given that the very classroom he was in was practically bursting with people. Even Arnie was there - Arnie, who still gave him a nod and a smile when they saw each other even though they usually sat on opposite ends of their row.  Steve hadn't really talked to Arnie for a while, though. Once upon a time, they'd been as thick as thieves. But then Arnie had found girls, and Steve… hadn't, not really.
“Shut up,” his father snarls, and Tony winces, squeezing his eyes shut for a moment.  Christ.  It’s too early for this.  “Do you think I don’t know what you’re doing?  Do you think I’ve forgotten the sight of you in bed with that other scum?”
"Great.  We're in luck—it's a steam engine, and I think I might be able to get this running after I clean out some of the gunk in here.  I don't know how far we'll be able to get, but it beats walking."  Tony smiled broadly, though it faded into a contemplative expression as he added, "It's going to be pretty loud if it works, though.  We've already gone through the station and the train itself, but could you also look in the tunnel?  Just to be sure we're not about to bring a herd of biters onto us?"
For some reason, Tony finds himself laughing, his first real laugh since everything went to hell half a year ago.  He has no idea why.  It just—it seems like such a Steve thing to say, somehow.  Or maybe it’s funny because if all those lunches and dinners and impromptu excursions around the world in the past count as dates, then they’ve already gone out a few hundred times.  Hell, maybe he’s just giddy.  “Fine,” Tony manages once he reins himself in.  “This Friday.  We’ll go somewhere with fancy apple pie.  You’ll love it.”
"No one could stop Iron Man from showing up in Europe, no matter how much they might have wanted it," Tony replied with a little smirk.  "But Tony Stark, with his terrible heart, is a different story."
Bucky made a face at him.  "The first time I looked in there you had actual, proper drawings of people," he said.  "Ever since then it's just been… that."
, it’s cold.  Tony can still remember that first conversation he had with Steve—God, it must have been ages ago—when he was standing on the wrong side of the rail and Steve was trying to get him to come back.
.  I hate being either of those things."  He sighed again, running a hand through his hair.  "I guess… hearing about Burnside, and what he did… it made me rethink a few things.  He was—he was hung up on things that didn't even
Jessica slashed at the closest biter with her knife, then scrambled to her feet, running to the window and jumping through with Steve's help.   If their lives weren't in danger, he might have taken time to admire her agility.  "Cap, they're coming this way!" she shouted from inside.
Steve took a shuddering breath.  "Stop apologizing.  You're the last person who should be sorry.  You were
Steve looked at him, eyes wide, his gaze flickering between Tony’s own and the mass of gauze wrapped around his arm.  Then, without further ado, he opened his mouth.
Cap hesitated as he clenched his fist, staring hard at the base of his fingers.  It was difficult to tell, but Tony thought he could see a band of darker skin around one finger, the one that had wore the ring.  Maybe it had burned him.
“I—wait,” Tony begins, looking down at himself.  “What are you doing?”
Steve nodded.  "Where do we go?"
He finds Steve at the bow railing, facing out toward the ocean as his hair is blown by the wind.  For a moment, Tony just stands there, taking the chance to admire the way he looks, even from behind.  Casual, but poised… and yet the way his shoulders seem to be hunched ever so slightly seems to indicate that he’s not entirely happy.  And that’s because of him.  Tony.
Project: Rebirth, it read in large black letters.
Steve settled down beside him, licking at his paws.  Tony turned to look, blinking and raising an eyebrow when he saw just what Steve was doing.  “So is that a thing you do now?” he asked.  “Licking yourself?  Pretty cat-like, isn’t it?”  Steve just shrugged, tongue lapping away, so Tony continued, “Alright, so here’s something I’ve been wanting to know.  Doesn’t that taste awful?  You’re covered in dirt.  You’re eating it, basically.  How is that okay?”
“Alright,” Tony murmurs.  He reaches up, gripping at Steve’s shoulder a little, then licks his lips and keeps on going.  God, it
, the more sinful corner of his mind replied.
“That’s right.”
It had ended in heartbreak or worse every time, and Tony's chest still ached at the memory of it.  And yet—was he supposed to just give up now?  Or keep trying?
"Well, you risked your life for me, so it should be fine if I say it twice," Tony replied.  "That's not something just anyone would do.  You didn't even hesitate."
“I forgive you,” Steve says, and then he lets go of him and goes back to sketching.
The maître d’ allows them into the dining room without complaint, and Tony takes the opportunity to drag Steve off to the side, looking around.  There’s Sunset, and his father is right beside her, still speaking with the Osbornes.  Good; they won’t notice him yet.  “Okay, here’s a crash course on who’s who,” he says, starting to surreptitiously point at people.  “There’s Charles Xavier; he’s brilliant, and I hear he’s a friend of Freud’s… next to him is Erik Lensherr, and over there are the Richards… I had a thing with Sue once, but that was a long time ago.  And the one waving at us now—” he stops to wave back—”is Janet van Dyne.  There’s her father, and there’s Hank… I was, ahem… of comfort to Janet when she was having marital problems once…”  He pauses to glance at Steve, who looks adorably scandalized, then continues, “Oh!  And there’s Pepper Potts.  Feisty both professionally and personally.  But she likes Happy more than me.”  He’s never quite gotten over that.  “Tiberius Stone is over there… my father caught me with him once, and let me tell you, that was
“Yes, mother,” Tony replied, staring out the window of the airship as he listened to Rogers walk off.  One week.  Seven days in which the airship would come every day at noon and see if they were ready to be picked back up, because the Savage Land was in the middle of goddamned
“So I’m learning.”  Steve bounces a little on the seat once the door is shut, feeling the material.  Is it leather?  It seems like leather.  He gets the feeling that even for a car, this is pretty high-end—then again, it’s not like he’s ever really been in one before, so he can hardly compare.  But still!  “You have a nice car.”
Steve just laughs at that, leaning back into the couch comfortably, though his hand is worrying at his wrist again.  Does he even realize he’s doing that?
"I mean," Yinsen said, "that it seems as though you have only thought of what will happen to you after you die, and not of what you will do before then."
“Hi,” Steve says back, breaking into a tired, but nonetheless dazzling smile, and Tony finds himself taking back whatever he’d been previously thinking about Steve looking awful.  “You’re up.”
ring.  The one Steve had drawn him wearing only a few short hours ago.  Tony feels his throat go dry as he glances over at Steve, who’s staring at the ring blankly.  “Steve…?” he asks softly.
"Oh, no," Ma murmured.  She immediately used her free hand to start feeling around Steve's head.  "Where else did he hurt you? Did you hit your head? Are you having memory problems?  I can make an appointment with the doctor. It's alright. I can pick up another job."
"Bethesda's still a long way away," Tony said.  "Personally, I think it'd be grand if we could ride a train all the way there.  You want to go see?"
"No," Steve admitted.  Just the fact that Tony had asked that made Steve want to dig deeper.
Everyone stared at him, and Stark was quick to jump in.  "Sorry, he's behind on his history lessons," he said.  "I'll fill him in later.  Go on."
roll—Steve’s choice, not Tony’s—Tony can’t help but glance pointedly at Steve’s wrist, which is currently covered with a wristwatch.  He’s never seen it bare, but maybe they’re close enough that he can… inquire.  After all, just because he no longer cares about his own words doesn’t mean he’s not curious about other people’s.  “So,” he drawls, “Jan was showing me her words the other day.  You know what words are?”
That earned him a knowing grin from Ty.  Tony was glad Ty hadn't called him out on the fact that he hadn't been doing much "managing" in the past few months.  He didn't have a very good excuse for it that didn't involve telling Ty about Steve, which was definitely out of the question.  "Then I'm calling my ride. See you later."
"You really don't have to be so careful," Tony couldn't help but say after a moment.
“Right,” Tony says slowly, quietly.  “He—he couldn’t have; he was with me the whole time—”
Tony sucked in a breath, glancing over at Cap before looking at the rest of the room.  He thought he could hear something ticking.  One minute, Birch had said.  One minute to stop the bomb he'd presumably triggered from going off.
“I’ll hit you!”
Yinsen finally broke eye contact, staring off into the distance instead.  "Who was your friend trying to save?" he asked.
For two weeks, that was how things went.  They'd walk, they'd stop, they'd eat, they'd sleep.  At night, Steve looked at his tags and thought of the soldiers who'd once worn them.  How hard it must have been these last ten years, when Steve was sleeping the end of the world away.  If he'd been awake, if he'd never fallen into the ocean—would things have been different?  Would he have been able to help these men?
“It’s too crowded here,” he tells Steve.  “We need to find someplace better.”
He caught a glimpse of Bucky's terrified face before the sky blossomed into clouds of red and yellow, and he knew then, as he tumbled downward, that it was over, that he'd failed to stop the thing he most feared.
They’re far away now.  The bodies are out of sight, and the only things that remain from the night before are the ocean and the wind. Tony remembers the wind, remembers how agonizing it was until finally it died down, only to start up again as soon as he’d left Steve.  But as he feels it blowing into his face now, constant and overbearing, it suddenly occurs to him that the wind had never really died down at all.
Steve stared at her, bewildered.  Her recognizing him as Captain America wasn't particularly noteworthy, but—"What does him being CEO have to do with anything?"
“Which is?”
They were both gone now.  Tony closed his eyes and tilted his head back against the wall.  Steve's parents had lived through the First World War, and all that was left of their experience was in this box.  He should have asked more questions when he'd had the chance. He should have done more research so that he could have shown that he'd cared about the lives they'd led.  He should have done a lot of other things before it was too late.
“Us?” Tony repeats faintly.  “There’s no ‘us’.”  He’d destroyed that during the war.
Unsurprisingly, his heart had no answer for him.
"And Jarvis couldn't?" Tony countered.  "If he was in there, I owed it to him to find him.  It was my fault he was in danger in the first place."
"It was always going to happen," Tony said gently.  He withdrew one hand, bringing his bag closer instead.  Steve watched as he rummaged around, pulling some papers out.  "Listen to me," he said.  "This next part is very important.  Do you remember these?"
Stark looked uncomfortable.  "I lost her," he admitted.
They had just crossed an intersection, stepping back onto the sidewalk when some debris rustled, and a biter—no, two of them—slowly emerged from it, crawling on the ground—did they have legs?  It didn't look like they had legs.  Steve stepped back quickly, pulling Tony with him when he felt a sharp pain along his left calf.  "What the—" Steve began, twisting around to see what it was.  Someone had glued triangles of glass to the brick wall lining the sidewalk, about a foot above the ground, and he'd managed to completely miss it.
"Règle numéro deux: I'm glad you're thrilled that
"A garden," Steve said.  The thought was… uplifting, actually.  "That's clever.  I'd like to see it."
It was Tony.  It had always been Tony.  Did Steve ever know this?  Had he ever had a chance to see Tony’s handwriting?  After Sunset, Tony had become more careful about leaving things with his handwriting lying around.  And he and Steve talked about their words so sparingly, it was hard to know what Steve’s thoughts were.  All Tony’s ever known is that Steve didn’t like his words.
.  They wanted to pair him up with
Tony shrugged to himself.  Well, if Rogers wanted to stay up for no reason, that was his prerogative.  But Tony was going to sleep.  “Good night,” he said.
Steve thought again about how much time he'd wasted on anger, and, worse, how much time he'd wasted on anger for a man who hadn't deserved nearly as much of it as Steve had felt.  "It wasn't that funny to me."
Finally, he was deposited on what looked like unmarked tiles, and he blinked up at Cap, his chest heaving despite the fact that he hadn't done much aside from fall over.  "How fast
Maya took a few steps closer, though she was still some distance away.  Her expression remained stoic.  "He knew that sacrifices had to be made," she said.  "It doesn't change anything.  I can always find a new place to do my work.  You're the key.  The key to unlocking humanity."
It was obviously a lie.  If they could have operated on the shrapnel making its way toward his heart right now, they already would have so that they could keep on pumping work out of him while he remained in their captivity.  As things stood, it seemed pretty clear that he was going to die in the very near future, so hell if he was going to spend it working for these asshole terrorists.
Steve follows his gaze.  The water is dark, and there’s nothing much to be seen down there.  “I’d like to ride one, I think.  Wouldn’t that be fun?”
Howard had laughed him out of the room.  Then he’d come after Tony later, screaming at him that his name and connections were the only worthwhile things about him.
It was then that Steve remembered that he lived alone with his Ma and that his Ma would never call him filthy like that.
“How dare you,” Howard breathes.  “How
"—long ago was it?  Is there any left in his system?"
"Gosh," Cap said, and goodness, just how wholesome was this man?  "I'm flattered, Tony."
Steve is close now, he can tell.  Tony is everywhere he needs to be, each thrust pounding that place inside him that makes him whimper and moan, nails digging into Tony’s skin.  And then the other man’s hand is wrapping itself around his member, stroking him rhythmically, and Steve throws his head back, feeling utterly helpless.  “Tony,” he gasps.  “Tony—”
“We’re very close,” Rogers replied, which wasn’t much of an answer.  “Hey.  Look at this.”  He stopped, the beam of his flashlight illuminating one of the walls of the building… well, if it could be called a building, anyway.  It sort of resembled an extraordinarily crude igloo made out of dirt more than anything.  “More markings.”
"Don't even joke about that," Steve managed.  The very thought was horrifying.  "I was scared, Tony.  And
"We all did," Stark replied, and a sharp, bitter bark of laughter escaped his throat.  "The Axis powers surrendered.  Hydra surrendered.  We had trials for them and everything at Nuremberg.  A lot of them were hanged."  Steve winced, but Stark barreled on.  "But apparently that bullshit about more heads appearing was true, because as it turns out, Hydra still existed underground, and they were working on something.  And… they infected us with it.  Every single one of us."
Maya waved a hand.  "Not many.  Seventeen people including myself.  Most of us are scientists, actually."
Thousands of dollars?!  It boggled the mind, knowing that apparently everyone here was completely untouched by whatever was going on with the economy right now.  Ma worked two jobs and barely managed to keep the landlord from kicking them out, much less have enough extra left over to pay for more housing for Steve.  He wondered what Tony's parents did and how many jobs they were working. "What do your parents do?" he asked instead, since he could hardly ask about his own.
Still, he’s never been one to just give up.  At the very least… he should see.  Make sure.  “Hello, Steve.”
From the corner of his eye, he can see Steve’s lips twitch, but the other man remains silent as they turn into their suite.  “Oh, I didn’t realize standing around counted as looking for someone,” Tony replies as airily as he can.  “Wait, what am I talking about?  We’re the social elite.  Standing around is all we do.”  He hears Sunset take a deep breath, like she’s about to make some sort of heavy-handed retort, but he quickly interrupts, continuing, “Look, I’m sure you’re very angry at me right now, and you’ve probably even managed to justify it in your head, but something’s happened—”
Of course, given the way these dates were turning out, the plan may very well not work.  Tony sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose as he remembered what Steve had written. "Yeah, well," he said.  "I apparently have a big problem when people mouth off against the troops." She'd said something, Steve had replied, and then they'd gotten into a loud argument and parted ways.
Tony nodded, eyes sweeping over the strange markings, faded with time.  “I think so.  It’s not a language I’m familiar with, but from what I can tell, this marks the entrance.”
The sketchbook came flying back at him, but with reflexes Tony hadn't even realized he'd had, he nabbed it out of the air easily, setting it down automatically onto his lap.  Bucky was already leaning back and looking unimpressed. "You're so weird," he said.
"Gee, thanks," Cap replied dryly.  "You know I could pull rank on any of you?"
"You caught me," Tony added belatedly, making up his mind about what to do next.  "I'd better go back and pack for my actual B-day classes. I'll see you in compsci?"
"Really?" Tony said.  He smiled a little, face full of fragile hope.  "If you want to stick around, I'm certainly not going to complain."
“Right… ‘chicken’,” Tony said, poking at it with a fork before reluctantly beginning to eat.  God, he really hated army food sometimes.   Once they got back, he was going to crash the first diner they saw and order a hamburger and a milkshake.
"Yes," Tony agreed as more of the day's events came back to him.  God, what a mess it had all been.  "You know, Rhodey threw a rope up at me while he was still trapped in that pit?  He wanted to use it to climb out."  Cap didn't reply, so he continued, "I was too weak to tug him up myself with it.  So I went off to tie it to something.  But when I came back, he was gone.  I wasn't quick enough, and I lost him because of that."
Steve sighed and started heading off again, and Tony was left to just cling onto him in silence, watching the scenery fly by.  Before he knew it, the ground was sloping upward as the foliage got less dense, though there were still trees frequently peppering the mountainside.  Were there pterodactyls here?  Tony really hoped there weren’t.  Because that would be bad.
He got up and went over to the desk, opening the drawers.  Who exactly was Tony, anyway?
Tony gazed back at him.  "I'd like to think that," he admitted.
"Thank you, Natasha," Steve said softly.  The title
“Yeah,” Steve agreed, and there was that little smile again.  What was going on?  Tony was confused.  Fine, yes, he’d thought Steve was an extraordinarily handsome man for some time, and then they’d become friends and things had happened.  But he wasn’t really sure what he himself wanted, much less what Steve did.  “I do like you, Tony.”
He’s never wanted to punch a mirror so much in his life.
The carrier shook again.  Tony was trusting Cap, believing him when he was saying the others were up above, preventing any of the missiles from firing.  Because if that wasn't happening, if they were actually getting slaughtered while Cap and Tony were down here dealing with Birch, Tony didn't know what he would do.  Some way, somehow, Cap understood the truth.  He had to.
Cap shook his head quickly, opening a pouch and putting the fragment inside, and the moment was over.  "Coming."
“Uh,” Steve says, eyes darting between him and Sunset.  A beat, then—“Yeah.  I’d like that.”
Tony really doesn’t want to say it, but it doesn’t seem like he has much of a choice.  “Look at us, Steve,” he says, jabbing a finger at him.  “Look at us standing here and trying to pretend everything is normal by talking about the Avengers.  But everything’s not normal, and you know it.  I hurt you.  I can’t even remember it, but I hurt you and you died because of it, and meanwhile my last memory of you is us being happy together.  I look at you and all I see are the mistakes—”
"And now I've found out anyway because a Soviet spy wants us to go on a mission for her.  Maybe you should have just told me from the very beginning."
"What—" the woman began, still staring at Maya in horror.  "I—I don't know what you're talking about!"
“No,” Steve says, and Tony can’t help but deflate a little.  That would have been too easy, and Tony doesn’t deserve it, anyway.  Nonetheless, Steve stops rubbing at his wrist, taking Tony’s hand instead.  “But I miss you, Tony.  I miss what we had before… everything happened.  And I think with time and effort, we can get it back.  And you’re worth that effort.”
“No,” the man says, and as though he can sense the change in Tony’s mood, he flashes him a brilliant smile, and Tony’s heart may or may not have stopped right then and there.  “I’m Steve Rogers.”
"I love you too, darling," Tony said, and he slumped back against the tree, chest heaving.  His eyes fluttered shut, and he forced them open again through what seemed like an immense amount of effort, meeting Steve's gaze.  "Always."
, to be so good at it.  “D-don’t think I’d object to that,” he breathes.
"Worry tomorrow," the man said.  His voice was still gentle, to Tony's surprise.  If it were his father, he would have surely lost patience by now.  "If he's still hinky, then we'll do something about it."
Ready or not, though, it still doesn’t stop his heart from aching as he meets Tony’s desperate gaze, wanting so badly to touch him, kiss him, hold him one more time.  Belatedly, he realizes that he never did tell him he loves him—but it doesn’t matter now.  It’s too late, and it just seems too cruel to shout it down at him now, at the moment of their parting.  It’s best, he thinks, to just keep quiet.
Steve feels his heart swell.  “I’m glad you came for me, Tony,” he says, and he leans forward, pressing a quick kiss to his lips.  This next part isn’t going to be easy, but he needs to say it.  He’s unbelievably happy that Tony came to find him, knowing that what they have together managed to transcend all the damage his father tried to do to it—but Tony’s life is more important.  And anyway, this… this is enough, knowing that Tony believes in him.  If—when he dies tonight, they’ll both know the truth.  “I’m sorry I made your life so difficult.  But there’s no time.  You have to go back up, okay?  Go up and get into a lifeboat.  For me.”
A few minutes later - minutes that did
"Yeah, I heard her," Tony said quickly.  "What do you need?"
Rogers seemed to think about it, then sat down on his hind legs, looking at him expectantly.  “What?” Tony asked.  Rogers just stared at him some more.  Tony really wished he could speak.
"I wish it was just a herd," Luke muttered, shaking his head.  "It's a community a few miles south of here, holed up inside a school.  Run by a guy named Burnside."  He frowned at Steve.  "Looks a lot like you."
Tony took a deep breath, approaching him again since he seemed his usual, Steve-ish self.  “I guess you haven’t gotten around to watching many movies since the war ended,” he said.  “It’s okay.  I’ll explain later.  It’s just, uh, wow.  You really took that thing down.  Was that you or your… more animal side?”
Retrieval could wait.  Steve rushed to Tony's side, grasping his wrists.  "Tony, are you okay?"
He slammed into the water, and everything went black.
"Sure," Tony said, so flippantly Steve was positive Tony was just joshing him.  "I love myself.  That extends to loving the way my heart sounds.  Why wouldn't I try to hear it whenever possible?"
Tony let out another humorless laugh.  "No.  No, it wasn't.  How he got bit doesn't actually matter, because that wasn't the worst part.  If you have to know, he was trying to help someone who was already beyond help.  In any case, we even watched him die and turn because he didn't want us becoming killers for his sake—even though he'd known that between me and Rhodey we'd killed hundreds of biters already.  And that—that wasn't the worst part, either.  After he turned, we did kill him.  And we buried him because he was our friend.  And that still wasn't the worst part."
," Tem laughed.  He lunged for his discarded gun, Steve holding back long enough to see him grab it, raise it, and point it straight at Tony—
Mindful of the fact that he wasn't going to find out unless they actually rescued Cap, Tony went back to the doors, placing a hand over the lever that would lower them.  "J, get low enough for Cap to board," he called.  "But keep moving, and keep that other plane on their toes.  I'm gonna try and pull Cap in."
"Stay safe," Tony called, bringing out his own weapons as the men stationed on the ship started advancing toward him, their guns out.  Tony started walking toward them, the suit brushing off the bullets they were firing at him, and shot at them in return.  It wasn't long before they were all downed—in retrospect, Tony realized that there were far fewer people than there should have been, and the people who
The stranger snorted as he pushed the door open.  "I'm good, but not that good. Check it out."
Steve squeezes his hands gently; Tony can almost feel his smile against his skin.  “You mentioned you liked flying.”
"Find the other plane, and we'll find Cap," Tony said as the three of them rushed on.  Jarvis paled, and Tony clapped him on the back.  "Let's go, old bird."
“…And your government contacts should serve us well,” Howard is saying.  “They’ll want weapons.  War is approaching the Balkans; I can smell it—”
“But that was—it was what made you so extraordinary, I think.  You saw me, you knew all my strengths and all my flaws, you knew that sometimes I messed up and messed up bad, and still you thought I was a person worth knowing.  Sometimes you saw things in me that I didn’t even see myself, and to this day I still don’t know how you did that.  You made all our lives better just by being a part of it.  Sharon said—she said that it was an honor, being with you.  And she was right.  It was an honor.  And it kills me to know that no one will ever have that honor again.  But even though that’s the case, I can promise you that I’ll always remember what you did for the world and the Avengers.  What you did for
Steve stared at him in horror.  By now, he'd fully accepted that sometimes they had no choice but to kill the biters, and that in any case, they were already dead in all the ways that mattered.  But this—this was excessive.  "There
"Alright," Stark said, taking a seat across from him.  "You have questions.  I have answers.  What do you want to know about first?"
Tony pursed his lips at hearing that, though he tried to school his face back into a neutral expression afterward.  So little of what Birch was saying was making sense.  See what?  Who was the helper?  Was there any point in asking about it?
He becomes an Avenger.
Tony shrugged.  He'd already tried playing around with it, both with and without gloves, and despite the pages of classified documents about its supposed dangers, nothing had happened.  If it did have any effect, it wasn't one that was choosing to show itself to him.
Tony gets rebooted.
ing sound.  "Your stupid robot malfunctioned in the worst possible place.  But hey, hopefully you learned your lesson, right? So, you wanna go?"
A lifetime later, the ship arrives at New York, and Tony gazes up at the Statue of Liberty as it passes by, heedless of the rain washing over him.  She’s a beautiful piece of art; she really is, and for a moment, Tony lets his eyes shut and thinks of strong hands covered with charcoal—and then he thinks of golden hair and sky-blue eyes, and it’s only when he feels hard metal pressing into his stomach does he realize that he’s bent over the rail, tears streaking down his face as he voids what little substance there is in his stomach into the waters below.
Tony arches an eyebrow at him.  “Do you see me talking to anyone else?  You… you’re like a breath of fresh air, Steve.  You don’t know who I am.  What I’m supposed to be.  And you
That was pretty much the best reaction he could have hoped for.  He landed on the deck with a loud thud, cracking the floor beneath him.  From behind him, Cap let go, his shield coming out in one swift movement.  "I'll take care of the guys on the upper deck," he called as he ran off.  "Head toward the fire when you can!"
Finally, tired and emotionally exhausted despite the fact that he hadn't left his home all day, he trudged back to his room, shutting the door behind him.  His gaze wandered, landing finally on his desk, where one of his laptops sat in case he woke up in the middle of the night with an idea - and that was when he remembered that if he'd been Steve, then Steve had been him.
They passed by more drawings as they headed deeper into the city, but much of them were similar to ones they’d already seen before, of harried humans and somewhat majestic big cats.  Apparently, whoever had lived here really had a thing for sabretooths—even if personally, Tony would have chosen to worship a dinosaur.  Who wouldn’t?
"Me?" Tony repeated, as though the idea of turning the question back onto him was completely out of the blue.  "I… I don't know, either.  A new suit would be nice, but I—I need to find out what happened to Pepper.  I don't know how plausible that is, but… I owe it to her to try."
"Cap," Tony breathed, his knuckles white.  "Steve.  Darling.
Steve frowns, and Tony can see the other man putting the pieces together in his head.  “You’re getting your things and leaving,” he accuses after a moment.  “I thought we were going to talk.”
And Tony does.  He’s cautious at first, taking care not to make any sudden movements, but after a few achingly slow thrusts, Steve makes a growling sound in the back of his throat and glares up at him expectantly, hands reaching up to take hold of Tony’s hips.  “Faster,” he says in a low voice.  “I can take it.”
Then Rogers jumped in, kicked the flashlight aside, and the world was plunged into darkness again.
“Shit,” he muttered to himself, grabbing the two packs and Steve’s shield as he got up, looking around.  Maybe Steve just had to go do his business?  He didn’t seem to be in the immediate area, though, and it was strange that he’d just go off without telling Tony.
worth bringing up was how Steve felt about Tony, about how great and smart and kind he was, and how Steve was glad that of all the people he could have somehow switched bodies with, it was Tony.  Despite all their differences, Steve had grown to like him and he was proud to call him a friend, and he hoped that Tony would never change.
He was interrupted again when Steve leapt at him; automatically, he brought the shield up to protect himself—and instead of hearing the expected sound of claws scratching on metal, he heard—nothing.  After a moment, he dared to lower the shield, peeking over it.
"Human sacrifice?" Pepper suggested.  "This place is loaded with grave goods.  The guy buried here must have been important."
going to do?" Rhodey said.  Tony had a feeling he knew what Rhodey was trying to imply, and he didn't like it.  Still, as long as he didn't actually
For now, though, the skies seemed clear, and Steve seemed to be himself, if quietly trotting up a mountain while inhabiting the body of a prehistoric cat counted as being himself.  Several times, Tony wondered if he should just… say something, anything, to break the silence, but what good would it do?  Steve couldn’t talk back.  While he was moving, he couldn’t even spell anything.  So Tony just stayed quiet, enjoying the ride as best as he could.
"Jessica," supplied the woman, who shook their hands as well.  "And here's Danielle."  She tilted her arms, exposing a slumbering baby swaddled in blankets.  Steve was impressed that she had apparently slept through the whole exchange.  She glanced at Stark.  "And you are…?"
, it began.
that Tony honestly thinks he’ll follow him in when he falls.  That, he tells himself, is the only reason.  It has nothing to do with the fact that this stranger is the first person who’s ever shown any sort of concern for him since his mother died.  “You’re… ridiculously stubborn, aren’t you?”
…”  Then he readjusts his arm, quite unnecessarily brushing a hand against his chest as the other man shivers.  “And your arm like that… there.”
"Then don't," Ma replied.  She seemed to relax then, her body going limp against the bed, head sinking into the thin pillow.  "Stay and remember all these things that have shaped you," she continued, and when she spoke her voice was barely a whisper.  "And stand and fight for those who are important to you. Will you do that for me, sunshine boy?"
Steve couldn't take it anymore.  All he'd wanted to do today was mourn, and now he was in a situation where not only could he not do that, but he couldn't even talk about it to anyone who was here.  Enough was enough.
"Give me a second," Stark said, and Steve had to turn away again when he heard a terrible squelching sound.  "Steve.  Help me move these things."
“Okay,” Tony said, because he didn’t know what else to do other than say useless words.  “Steve.  Just—just hang on for a moment longer.  I’m going to fix this, alright?  I promise.”  He looked out the window, at the sun that was still steadily sinking under the horizon.  He was running out of time.
Tony had had no tags.  Tony had never officially been military.  But as Steve carefully pushed the dirt back in, he thought that this was exactly where Tony belonged—with the rest of the soldiers, because he was as fine a soldier as any of them had been, had served their country as much as anyone else, if not more.  And like the others, he had paid the ultimate price.
"You're bit," Tony repeated.  "You're weak, you can't—"
"Master Anthony!" came Jarvis' sharp voice from
Tony shrugged and crossed his arms.  "Doodles."
He didn't know was causing it, but it couldn't be anything good, and so he doubled his efforts, pushing against the glass as hard as he could until his hands were finally free.  From there he was able to turn his attention to getting the chair off of him, and then—
"Thank you," Carol whispered, and she lay back against the wall and closed her eyes.
Then a light shines into his face for a moment before disappearing.  Tony frowns slightly but remains unmoving otherwise, willing to write it off as a hallucination.
The reproach resonated with something deep inside Tony's head, and he winced.  Cap had a point.  As… entertaining as the thought of Cap being a fan was, the truth was—and always would be—that the entire reason
"Wait, be right back," Tony said, scarfing down the last of his donut before getting up and bounding over to the donut station to grab another.  He slid back into his seat afterward, taking a big bite out of his new one before answering. "Oh-of-n-log-n." God, this donut was good.
, he’s strong.  In moments, he’s standing on solid ground again—that is, if the floor of a ship’s deck counts as solid ground, looking up at Steve.  He’s tall, too, he can’t help but notice.  Tall, blond, and handsome.
When Tony opened his eyes again, Steve was still looking at him with the same intensity as before, unafraid.  "What makes you say that?"
“It’s a glowing dot in the back of a room,” Rogers said.  “It’s magic, isn’t it?  I don’t trust magic.”
He just had to get his hands on it somehow.
It’s loud and cold and busy when they make it outside, and Tony cringes, fighting the urge to go back indoors and curl up.  This isn’t what he needs right now.  From what he can hear, it’s not what a lot of other people need right now, either.  One woman is telling her maid to turn on the heater for when they get back inside, and there’s a man calling for someone to bring him a drink.  Tony’s tempted to join in on that.
“Not really,” Steve said, and if Tony had been drinking something, he was pretty sure he would have spit it out.  “Though we’ve only known each other for about a week.”
in his shoulder—his lower half has been submerged in freezing water for the past hour.  Or so he thinks, anyway; he can hardly keep track of the passage of time anymore.
He received another shrug in reply, so he threw his hands up, then laid back to stare at the clouds.  “You’re given a chance to answer the deepest questions about the feline psyche, and all you do is shrug.  This is a travesty.”
"You're such a slut," said the other person, but they pressed a warm mug into Steve's hands.
Tony’s hands are shaking as he puts the paper down, feeling sick to his stomach.
They both fall silent for a moment, just… watching each other, and then Tony gives him another smile, plucking the drawing from Steve’s hands.  “I’m going to put this away and get dressed, and then we can move on to… other things.  That sound good?”
Rogers poured a mug of hot water, then added the instant coffee mix, stirring before sliding it to Tony’s side.  “I like it,” he offered.
“Oh,” Steve says, quickly packing up his materials.  “Sure.”  He stands up, following Tony as he begins to walk around the deck.  “What did you wanna talk about?”
Rogers didn’t seem very impressed by this, waving one paw dismissively.  “Hey,” Tony protested.  “I’m a genius.  We’ll fix you and then you can tell me how it was and we’ll sit around a campfire and laugh about it later.  Anyway…”  He looked down at his chest.  “Maybe this will be easy.  If it grants wishes, maybe I can just wish it back, right?  Dear glowing gem embedded in my body, please turn Steve Rogers back into a human.”
Cap sure looked sweet with that megawatt grin of his.  "Then I'm glad you've enjoyed yourself," Tony replied.  He wondered if he should say what he was thinking.  The worst Cap could do was say no, right?
Rogers turned the flashlight back at him, frowning.  “You’re bleeding,” he said.
Steve raises his shield for the killshot.
From behind him, he could hear Rogers sigh, and then he heard the rustling of paper, like maybe he was putting all of the documents back in their folders.  “It’s late,” Rogers said.  “We’ll be there tomorrow morning.  I suggest you get some rest, because it’s going to be a long week.”
“We’ve all made mistakes,” Steve says.  “Tony, it’s all over now.  It happened.  And I still want you on the team.”
“Of course you don’t,” Tony said, waving his hand.  Rogers bristled, but Tony ignored it.  “My readings are picking up a lot of empty space below.  There’s something down there.”
