"Hey," Tony said and sat back, "you're the one sitting there tweaking your nipples—"
"I am safer in that Iron Man suit than either of you, I have more firepower at my disposal—"
He did and allowed Steve to lead him over to what he was pretty sure was the bed. When he was close enough, Steve unhooked the leash from the collar then took his bound wrists and held his arms out straight until he felt the telltale feel of the sheets beneath his fingertips.
What it meant was that Cap and Tony Stark were the most disgustingly saccharine couple he'd ever in any way borne witness to, and he was starting to develop diabetes from their cuteness. God, he could even see that exchange in his mind. Goofy smiles, soft voices, and probably ending with a kiss.
Steve just rubbed his hands over Tony, almost like he was assuring himself of Tony's existence. "Mmm...technically. And there's nothing shameful about it." He squeezed him and added, "God, I couldn't even begin to imagine having to— I mean did you really—? I mean, did you really
"It's an elevator bank," Steve replied without missing a beat.
"'Cute' my ass. Fucking
"Excuse me?"
"And did he?"
"I don't think that's how you're supposed to open that," he said through a mouthful of food and then helped her pull the rest of the paper off to reveal a toy telephone that looked like it was made by something called Fisher-Price. It had red wheels and eyes and a smile and a yellow rotary dial, and from behind him, he heard Tony mutter, "You and that stupid phone."
"So?"
Barnes just nodded, slowly, like the words still weren't making sense to him.
"He does."
"Wait," he said and capped the bottle of water, Steve counting out his hundredth pushup beneath him, "you think this is some sort of foreplay for us?"
"What did I tell you about that?" he asked with a pained whine.
"I don't know," he said and tilted his head as he looked at a sketch for Natasha's Widow's bites. That didn't look right, did it? Was
"Duly noted," he said, his voice distant, and he was all-the-more thankful Natasha
"Very," Pepper replied. "I mean, it looks like you were sewn into it—"
"What are you going to do if you have to pee there?" Steve asked, holding up the dress as Tony finished his business.
"Yeah," Tony agreed, "except in this guy's case. I mean— Is he old enough? Did Steve run over his cat or something before the war?"
do look good together."
"Afraid it just hasn't had a chance to hit me yet."
The rest offered varying nods of reluctant agreement, and Tony pulled away from Steve and went over to get himself one of the bagels that remained.
Bruce merely closed his eyes and shook his head, and Hill frowned at him and put a hand to his shoulder and gave it a squeeze but said nothing beyond that.
Rhodey made a few utterances before he set his drink down and said, "There was no
He shrugged. "I don't— Yeah, I…I think I do."
"OK," Steve said in the same gentle whisper. "When?"
"It was you," he said quickly, and Steve frowned at him.
Steve muttered in a quiet exhale, but Thor just said, "It matters most gravely. She does not expend her powers needlessly. I fear there is more to this than meets the eye."
you got, the more real it got, and then just everything I was reading, I… I don't know." He shrugged, almost embarrassed, and kept his gaze on the baby in his arms. "I was kind of looking forward to it. I wanted to be there with you. I wanted to be there when my own child was born. I wanted to be the first person — OK, maybe not the
he said like nothing had just happened.
him. Tony squealed in laughter and begged Steve to stop, smacking him as he did so, and Steve finally did let up, sitting back as he panted, his arousal practically straining through his boxer briefs.
about it. I know how you can get…obsessed with projects—"
Tony threw back the rest of his chlorophyll and smacked the glass down onto the table. "She… kind of already knows."
"I don't know," he said and frowned. "I just felt a weird twinge down there. Like a flutter of some kind." He glanced back up and met Steve's concerned gaze. "
"The Rainbow Room?"
Steve just folded Tony's legs and began to finger Tony's hole, sliding one in and gently working him like he'd done so many times in the past. Tony sucked in a sharp breath with the first finger, but he relaxed a little once Steve had begun to stretch him in earnest, first one, then two, and then three, pushing in further every now and again to brush against that most sensitive area that, true to what he'd remembered, made Tony gasp and mutter a, "Fuck,
"That's not the—"
"Oh, dear
"The hell it's nothing. Something's over there. And not a single goddamned car on this godforsaken road in the last
that I know what that tastes like. Too much. All right, I have a helper-bot that puts it in everything
Steve shrugged but didn't say anything in response, and Tony shook his head and pulled away from Steve.
"What was that?" Hill asked, cloyingly innocent like she knew exactly what he'd said but wanted him to repeat it for the rest of the class.
"So?" she replied and frowned. She looked between Steve and Tony and said, "Is this…not what you wanted? All bonded couples wish to create life from their bond."
"Yeah."
the time."
There was a grunt and then the thwop of Barton firing off an arrow. "
Tony groaned and rolled his eyes. "Yeah, on a technical level. But like I said, those seventy years in the ice don't count, and if anything, I'm fifteen years older than you are, which makes
Steve smiled and nodded, and he kissed Tony's cheek again and got to his feet. "I'll stop on my way back from my run."
"I'm not
There was a story there of some kind — so long as Tony was on the level, anyway — but unless he was smart about his word choices, Tony wasn't going to give away anything.
Cap merely nodded, and Tony thought not for the first time about how easily they seemed to understand each other. "I'm sorry," he said after a moment.
He bid a hasty retreat, and like the flip of a switch, Natasha had slid off his lap and taken her seat once again, sipping at her cosmo like the last few minutes hadn't happened. Tony just swallowed and tried to fix the clothes Natasha had pulled askew during her little act, and Pepper was blinking and pressing her hands to her pink-tinged cheeks as she said, "I'm suddenly questioning everything I had ever assumed about myself."
"The mistake that was the Soviet Union had its Winter Soldier, or
"—and if things stay as crazy out there as they are now, you might have to do this the normal way: no drugs, no doctors, just Natasha there to tell you what a good job you're doing."
prepared him for just how fucking
Steve shot a smile at him and went back to inspecting the television. "I'm going to pretend I understood half of those words."
He looked down at his abdomen and said, "What have you done to me?"
Tony's façade shattered. He dropped his arms from their defensive position over his chest, and he let his gaze rake over Steve's face for only a moment before he advanced on him, grabbing him by the front of his shirt and hauling him in for a bruising, passionate, wet and desperate kiss. Steve didn't even hesitate. He put his arms around Tony's smaller frame and kissed back, taking the advantage away as he plundered Tony's mouth, tasted him, held him in his arms and forced him to accept what Steve gave him, just like the old days. He felt Tony go a little lax at that, his knees bending the slightest, and he let go of Steve's shirt and slid his hands so that he had them on Steve's shoulders, allowing Steve to hold him and cradle him and take care of him like he did once upon a time.
"Could say that," Steve muttered and eyed up the countertops full of various appliances. "It looks…really expensive."
coming out of your mouth."
"No?"
Rhodey merely blinked at him. "Or a big-ass tower in the middle of Midtown."
"What?
He looked straight into the camera and pulled his glasses down some, making those gorgeous brown eyes of his visible to one and all.
Tony preened a little at the second compliment in a row he'd received then asked, "This our table?"
But it was in the way he held himself that Steve saw so much of the man he had loved once upon a time — and maybe even still loved. The way his head was bowed and his shoulders were hunched as he concentrated on his phone, the way he protected himself as he blocked out the world around him. There was some authority and command to him, but Steve still saw within him vestiges of the man that had wanted nothing more than to tinker and create. He was a builder — a mechanic, as he had once called himself. He fixed things, he built them, he created them. He ran a company (or had run up until six months or so ago) because he was tasked with running a company, not because he so desired it. He had told Steve once that, if Steve said the words, he would tell his father to fuck off and live the rest of his days as a grease-monkey. Steve might not have belonged to the moneyed world of the Starks, but Tony would gladly slip into Steve's world of the hourly wage-earner. If it meant getting to be with Steve, he would do anything he asked of him.
"Hell if I know."
Steve just let out an annoyed exhale and shook his head somewhat. "You shouldn't even have to go through this—"
projects. It was always easier to figure out what other people were doing wrong.
The others were silent a moment before Barton said, "Ah, lies and secrecy. Always the foundation for a good relationship."
Tony just blinked, seemingly not seeing anything wrong with this. "Yeah. You are. You're my old man. Just like Olivia's my baby girl. I'm not seeing how that's bad or—"
Thor exhaled a breath, and he looked at the small group of friends he had gathered around him and said, "I do not have proof, but I believe it to be possible that the scepter — the power contained within the scepter — holds one of the six Infinity stones."
Pepper just sipped her drink. "Are we talking actual kill counts or those video game competitions I hear so much about?"
He burst out laughing, hugging his arms around himself, and once he'd gotten a hold of himself, he reached out, snagged an arm around Tony's shoulders, and pressed a kiss to his forehead.
After they'd left, Steve looked up from where he'd so thoroughly inspected the container of formula, reading every single word printed on the label, and said, "It can't be too bad, right?"
Tony just stared at him, blinking. From somewhere in the back of his mind, he knew that. He knew that was going to happen, but it really wasn't actually something he ever thought about happening — not to him, anyway. He remembered another internet search that had led to a message board and discussions about all sorts of weird stuff other women had passed through after giving birth, and he looked back down at the pad and the underwear resting at the foot of the bed and realized what an absolute ass he had been for ever thinking negatively about the female menstrual cycle. Not that he could actually think of any scenarios where he'd ever used it against a woman, but if he had, he regretted it immensely.
," he said, his voice soft. He dropped his arms and went over to him, moving the phone so he could sit down on the coffee table opposite him. "You're not a…" He sighed a little and dropped his head a moment before he looked up at Tony with newfound vigor. He reached out and took hold of Tony's hands and squeezed them tight. "I don't want to— I don't want them to touch you. I don't want them near you. I don't want them to have anything to do with you. But I don't want you to feel like you're trapped here, either. You're not trapped. You're never trapped. I'm never going to trap you. If you want to go out for breakfast, I will take you out for breakfast. I can't promise I won't punch someone that shoves a camera or a microphone in our faces, but I will take you out."
The perfect weapon.
And they'd used his husband's best friend to do it.
To be honest, Tony could really get used to that kind of thinking.
"We never had one of those pacts," Rhodey said with a shake of his head.
"You listen to everything I say— At least, you listen to the stuff you
Tony nodded. "Yep."
But Tony just shrugged himself out of his own overcoat and hung it up on the hook next to where he'd hung Olivia's. "Eh, shit happens," he said. "Happens to us more than most, but I'm learning to live with it."
"That doesn't make any sense," Steve said, more confused than insulted. "She doesn't look anything like a mongoloid."
"Tony—"
you — feels the same way."
(Rhodey had been the one to squeal once he'd found that Tony had gone all moon-eyed over some art student junior that was taller, stronger, and older than he was, and Rhodey had, under no uncertain terms, threatened to make Steve's life very, very painful if he were to, in any way, hurt Tony.)
Welch just smiled some more. "That you may have inadvertently found a way of giving your government exactly what it's been looking for since 1943."
Tony Stark. There's a reason that he's like this that I can't get into, but do you honestly think Captain America is sitting here trying to con you into issuing a marriage license under false pretenses?"
He sighed and pulled back, and Tony followed suit, and as Steve furrowed his brow and tried to figure out what was wrong, Tony realized he'd grown used to her cries over the past couple weeks. He knew what that one meant.
But Steve just grinned and leaned in to kiss Tony, and Tony squawked and pulled back, bumping into Wilson as he yelled out, "Goddamn it, Steve! Don't even try it!"
And then, because Steve Rogers was the most mature ninety-five-year-old in the history of mankind, he made the most over-the-top disgusted face Tony had ever seen on anyone.
His stomach chose that exact moment to make with the light thumping, and Tony glanced down and said, "That's right! You tell 'em!"
"October 6, 1941," Barnes announced like this was an important and momentous date in history. He glanced to Wilson and added, "We both played hooky from work that day."
That was a question he really didn't think he could handle being answered if only because he was afraid of what the answer might be. It's not that he believed that Steve didn't love him or wasn't attracted to him as a man. Clearly, he wouldn't have been with him if he hadn't been, and Steve didn't seem like the type to waste his time in a relationship he wasn't fully committed to. But Steve was an old- fashioned guy from the '40s. He clearly had been attracted to women in the past, and just because he was bi didn't mean there wasn't a part of him that maybe wanted to go with a woman because that '40s brain of his might find it
"Yeah, but it was neat to see it for the two seconds it stayed in the air."
"Was important to you."
But Steve just kept his gaze on Tony and said, "I do mean it. You know if I could change places with you—"
like this other Cap.
"Fucking bitch," he spat at her, knowing his best option now was to stall and wait for one of the others to find him. Goddamn it, why had he stopped to chit-chat? Why hadn't he just blasted the bitch when he'd had the chance?
Today, at least, they didn't rip out a kid's tonsils like it was some coming-of-age ritual. He still blamed that for his less-than-stellar singing voice. Bucky was fonder of the theory that he was just flat-out tone-deaf.
"What? No. I'm just saying before you sit up until five in the morning figuring out some way to lead another wave of feminism, maybe you should get a good night's sleep."
Steve choked out a cough. Oh, good, he'd taken that exactly as he'd intended it, the pervert.
Bruce hedged a bit then said, "How are you... Uh...
" he said and, to drive his point home, thrust his arm out at Bruce.
"Hmm?" Tony asked and rubbed his belly. "No. Just never did anything with this room, and the white was just so clinical and bland. No, maybe I'll start taking my role as head of R&D more seriously. You don't want to use this for your studio, so, I'll use this for my office. Put a desk there—" he pointed against one wall, "—maybe a filing cabinet there—" he pointed to an adjacent wall, "—drafting table there maybe," he added and pointed to the wall opposite where he had said he would put the desk.
been seen in months."
"She's
awful— And why do
"Yeah," Wilson agreed. "I think he did."
"You did, did you?"
" Sam said, and Steve could hear the disgust coming through as though Bucky had drawn up a mental image for him that he just wasn't in the mood to see. Or he thought he could hear it, anyway, as most of his thoughts were elsewhere, and most of his blood had drained from one head down to the other. He closed his eyes and swallowed, feeling himself getting harder by the moment, unable to keep himself from imagining Tony that way, bound, gagged, kneeling before him like some sort of willing slave to Steve's most carnal desires.
"Mine," he said. "That's all that's going through my head. Mine."
He shrugged. "Yeah, well, I guess Rhodey would say the same about me, too."
"I still know how to properly feed and care for my Tony Stark," Steve said and gave him a gentle squeeze. "Come on," he said and led him over to the buffet table. "I'm kind of hungry myself."
Steve again spoke slowly, like he was trying to reason with an insane man.
…about what's going on with me and Tony. They don't need to think it's affecting the rest of the team as well."
, I saw the video. Now, can we stop talking about it?"
"Uh," he said and cleared his throat. "I, ah, think they're called 'breasts.'"
He thought then of a chirpy, childish voice talking about 'Anna Tasha' and 'Unca Bucky,' and he thought it strange how well so many things could line up and still not be exactly
— shit."
He could tell Tony was trying his best not to get too excited, but even from a distance, he could see how his eyes lit up at Steve's words, and he reached down and popped open his door.
He wasn't sure if that was a good thing or a bad thing, to be honest.
No, of course you were—" He grimaced and groaned and dropped his hand back down to his side. "Look, it's nothing. Forget I said anything, and let's just let bygones be—"
Steve re-folded his arms so his hands were tucked into his armpits, and he exhaled a heavy breath as he stared at the screen and said, "Well, Con-Ed's gonna have to deal with that. We can't put the power back on, but we can stop the others from going out."
"Yeah," Bruce agreed. "It's…comforting."
think that's a problem anyone's going to have with you," Pepper said, and Tony arched his eyebrow a little higher.
He pulled out a cutting board, and he lay it down on the counter and then opened the bag of beans. "Steve's worried about me?" he asked as he poured some beans onto the board.
him. How could I—? But I don't want to constantly talk about shit that happened eighty years ago that doesn't mean anything anymore. And I get the feeling that Steve…that he thinks that if we try to talk about anything else we won't have anything to talk about. I'm not the same guy I was then. Neither's he. Maybe we're too different? I don't know. I kinda want to know how the son-of-a-bitch ended up
He nodded his understanding as the car arrived at the penthouse. "Duly noted. J?"
Tony made a sour face. "Oh, right. Because the original spell only lasted a week and I was back to my old self, but then she showed up again a couple months ago and decided it would be much more fun to extend its life. Why? Because she's crazy. So, now, here I am back to being a woman."
Tony glanced at him then slowed the car and made another turn. "You said it yourself. I look a hell of a lot older than you. I kind of am a hell of a lot older than you."
"I don't know," Rhodey said. "Maybe the way your knees practically gave out on you when he laid one smack on you."
"Why?"  Natasha asked.
"I mean it. I could try. I'm not that bad."
Steve offered nothing but an unimpressed glare as he looked up from his tablet while they sat around the penthouse living room about a week after the gallery event, but it was Barton that said, "Anyone have a bottle of brain bleach?"
But Bruce ignored him and said, "Your Daddy and your Papa— Do they tell each other they love each other?"
Thor didn't seem to realize Jim just meant he hadn't used the right word, and instead, he took umbrage at what he thought was Jim's disagreement with the sentiment.
coffee, sugar smack.
"You will understand in due time."
He heaved out a sigh. "I told you, Pep. I'm not
no less, his greatest disappointment. Tony knew he'd never be able to figure out — even if the answer was staring him right in the face — what his old war buddy could ever see in the snot-nosed brat that he would never stop saying could 'do better' than what he was doing.
Steve just pulled his sleep shirt off and grabbed one of the compression shirts he wore for running.
"Like I said, it's really not that bad. It doesn't hurt — at least not aside from the general tenderness and malaise that, from what I understand, is part and parcel of this whole thing — and Steve hasn't run off on me yet, so that's another tick in the plus column. I mean it… It could be worse, is what I'm saying."
. It's just made-up bullshit that— What? Why—? Are you
Tony pulled his hand from behind his back to reveal the black, bejeweled collar he hadn't donned in months, and Steve took in an audible breath as his eyes went from Tony's face down to the small band of leather in his hand.
"Whoa!" Tony said, putting two delicate, calming hands out to Steve, and it was only then that Steve realized he'd blathered his last few thoughts aloud. "Whoa, babe, it's OK," he continued with a slight laugh, though Steve could tell Tony wasn't...sure that was really the case himself. "Look, you didn't... That was... Whatever happened back there, I wanted it just as much as you did, and I'll tell you right now, we are definitely doing that again while I'm still like this— Uh, assuming I don't turn back in, like, the next thirty seconds."
Honestly, Tony had known they couldn't just stroll into the doctor's office as they were. Even if he'd given the fake name of 'Natasha Carbonell,' Steve was easily recognizable now, and strolling into an ob/gyn's with the attractive mystery brunette was a surefire way of pinging the gossips' radars and having their candids splashed all over the media.
"What's wrong with you?"
Tony was an egotistical jerk that was in it for himself and himself only. He was smarmy, manipulative, and took absolutely
"No, we totally should," Tony countered. "I should have just rented it out for the night so it was only the two of us."
"But it was not all bad, was it?"
"Is it a day ending in 'Y'?"
Tony bit his lip and pushed his head back into the pillow. Fine. Whatever. He didn't care. This totally counted as Steve fucking him.
Tony was in labor.
"Hmm...that's not entirely true," she countered. "You're not bulletproof. I highly doubt you would survive decapitation—"
Bruce and the doctor gave them a picture to take home, and while Tony finally relieved his poor, abused bladder and finished wiping off all the goo that was left on his belly, Steve studied that picture like he would a battle plan. Bruce thanked the doctor for all her help, and she waved off his concern and said it was her pleasure and she was happy to do it. And as they were packing up to leave, Tony grabbing his bag and making for the door, Steve looked at the doctor and said, "Can he— When Tony and I, when we
He gasped out a few more breaths, and he jumped when he felt a presence behind him, out of the bed and to his feet and into a defensive position. He couldn't see anything for a moment. It was like the room was too bright, and his eyes weren't able to focus. But several breaths in, he was finally able to calm himself to take in the stationary expanse of the room, running his gaze from one wall to another, before he met the frightened eyes of a little girl sitting in the middle of his bed and swimming in a
" He rubbed his hand over Tony's and gave it a squeeze. "You're amazing for doing this. I know I haven't really said it before, but you're amazing, and I just…"
Tony felt the bottom fall out of his stomach, and he sat back a little and avoided looking at Barnes because he wasn't sure whether he wanted to choke him or burst into tears. Even DUM-E seemed to sense the change in the air, as he pulled back some, raising his arm just the slightest as though he was taking an offensive position...with a magnifying glass.
Clint left a message on your machine. You know you're the only person under eighty with a landline, right?"
of it, but he had tasted it, and it wasn't the most
"If you say I'm getting emotional over nothing, J, I'll dismantle you and give you to the government to put back together!"
"Yeah huh," Barton said. "Sure he does."
"Seriously, it's— It was kind of amusing when you two first started going out, but now it's just— We get it. You're horny for each other. You want to fuck. You're already married. Just stop with the flirting already,
"Huh?"
"Oh, Tony," he whined and made a face. "Do you have to do that now?"
When he did, he…kind of understood Steve's reluctance.
, holding each other's gazes, giving each other cute and coy little smiles before Other Tony said, "You're not funny."
The only problem with living in the Tower was that he saw Tony on a regular basis, and it was difficult seeing someone he so desperately wanted and couldn't have. At the very beginning, it was because Tony had just gotten out of a relationship with Pepper Potts, a move that he knew had devastated Tony because he knew how much Tony genuinely loved Pepper no matter how they both agreed they were better off as friends. After, it was because, well, he just wasn't Tony's type. He'd been slowly coming to terms with that ('slowly' being the operative word here), and he never at any time let himself hope that maybe,
fucking picking that up,” Stark said.
"You're gonna call us that until the day we die, aren't you?" Tony asked, throwing a glance at Thor before he went back to the presents, and Steve saw he was dividing them into piles.
Her eyes went wide, and she gasped and put her hand to her mouth. "Uh oh," she said from behind her hand. "I wasn't s'pposed t' tell you. She said you'd get mad and you wouldn't let me stay there no more."
you Bruce and JARVIS are more than capable of monitoring my vitals, but I am
"You know, if you're afraid I'm going to take offense—"
Steve hummed his agreement but didn't say anything beyond that.
Natasha just nodded and moved over to his side, but Tony instinctively shared a look with Barnes, who could not have looked more uncomfortable by that prospect if he tried.
He stood patiently and waited for JARVIS to complete his scan, and once he had, he threw his clothes back on and sat down at the computer to read over the results just as JARVIS was announcing them.
"Because I don't want to be disappointed, all right?"
Steve was alive. He didn't know what it was, but it hadn't been that.
Tony just reached up and patted his hand. "Don't worry," he said and stood up, Barnes's hand falling away from his shoulder. "You're not the first one to tell me that."
"When it's been able to fester and break down food into more easily-digestible particles, yeah, it does— And
He frowned and watched as Bruce checked his watch. "What are you doing?"
Natasha just blinked at him, and she pursed her lips a little and sat down beside him. "What happened, Tony?" she asked and rubbed his shoulders some, as though she was trying to ease out the tension and turn him into easily-manipulated putty.
Was this a test? Steve had felt some sort of magnetic pull to the man from the moment he'd become aware of his presence, but what…
Jim had a flat look on his face that said he didn't buy a word of what Thor was saying, but Natasha was the one to say a low and cool, "He knew what he was doing."
"Did they tell you?"
," Bucky muttered but said nothing beyond that, and the radio went silent. Steve, however, just raised an eyebrow at Sam. Again.
"Really?" he asked, equal parts amazed and relieved.
and I are friends, aren't we? And what better way could I support my good friend
Steve's face went pinched as he mouthed '
Tony shot a pointed look at him. "
"On the seventh night, sprinkle this onto the food of the King and his Chancellor. One pinch for the Chancellor, and three pinches for the King."
"'Maria' was Tony's," Natasha said. "Why not just go with whichever one sounds better?"
"Yes?" Steve said after a beat, and Tony looked up at him.
"Uh, you've met Hammer. I don't think you could ever apply the phrase 'natural-born' to him."
He poured another ladle of batter onto the iron as Bruce shuffled his way into the room, hair mussed and still dressed in sleep clothes.
Barnes simply squeezed his shoulder. "Don't fuck it up, all right? He's so far gone, I'm not sure what he'd do or what would happen to him if you…"
He felt the change in the air as soon as he stepped into it. They were trying to hide it, but he could tell something had changed in the time that he'd been in the bathroom. The TV was off now, which was odd, and Barnes had that kind of haunted look back in his eyes, standing as he was with his arms folded as he rested against the back of the couch and stared at some nondescript spot on the floor. Natasha sat at his workstation, looking for all the world like she was just keeping track of things on her tablet, and she was doing a good job of pretending like there was nothing wrong, but Tony could tell
"Trust me," Bruce said, "you're going to be very thankful for this once the adrenaline wears off and the pain hits."
Wilson just stared at him. "That doesn't mean shit. You said it looks cute." "Yeah? You were ready to scroll right past it until I said that."
He scowled but said, "The fact remains that I do not possess the biological imperative to procreate, and certainly not while partnered with an anachronistic relic that should have been left back in an ice floe in the twentieth century."
"You have a ridiculously high libido that, let's be honest, I'm going to have a very hard time keeping up with when I get older."
Somehow, Steve found himself sitting on the floor with the baby, Tony sitting on the arm of the chair Bucky had settled himself into, as they passed around presents and tore into a terrible waste of money wrapping paper and flung bows around the room, thanking each other for gifts that were either thoughtful or mundane, Steve shaking his head at the mounting pile of toys and clothes the others had splurged on for his daughter. Not that his little bundle of joy didn't deserve the world, but it really did seem to be too much after a while.
"Then why did you buy it?" Tony asked.
He stopped, pausing in mid-action as he shook the bottle to mix the contents, and decided those were some pretty dark thoughts best left for another day. It was Christmas, after all.
Because Steve wanted a son, and didn't they say it was the 'man' that decided what sex it would be anyway? God, he probably didn't even have any sperm that carried 'X' chromosomes. They were probably all strong, virile 'Y's. OK, clearly in that other universe,
for you?"
He brushed his hand over the top of her head then bent down and kissed her forehead, and when he sat back up again, Steve leaned in and captured his lips and kissed him hard and fast and maybe even a little desperate. Tony put his hands to Steve's face and deepened the kiss, Olivia gurgling between them. Steve put the arm he wasn't holding the baby with around him and pulled him close, his hand warm and firm on Tony's back, his arm strong and possessive, and Tony just
Steve's face went adorably red at that, and Tony grinned at him and all but purred as he went up on his toes and murmured against Steve's jaw, "I think that could be arranged."
"Practice," Hill said and strode ahead to lead the way. "Lots and lots of practice."
have little hearts in your eyes if you so much as
Tony let out a loud laugh and got up from his chair. "You want anything to eat?"
Tony finally wiped his hands and mouth off with the napkin. "I need you to make me look like a goddess. You know like in those bad teen movies where the formerly homely girl takes off her glasses and puts her hair down and suddenly she's the most beautiful person in school and the sappy song plays and everyone stops what they're doing to watch her enter the scene and there's soft lighting and effects and shit like that?"
Olivia had begun to fall asleep on his shoulder, and he led his family through the living room, right in front of the TV — to the dismay of the others who grumbled and complained that Steve was blocking their view — and he ushered Tony over to the stairs and dropped his arm from Tony's shoulders only to reach out and take hold of his hand to lead him up the stairs.
"True believers," Steve replied and dodged gunfire before he tossed his shield at the target. "They'll fight for it until their dying breath," he said and caught the shield as it came back to him.
have been purchased from the maternity section of a store — picked out online and shipped discreetly to the Tower by JARVIS, of course. The blonde hair was a nice change, he thought, the color pretty close to Steve's, though it did clash a bit with his dark eyebrows. He combed the bangs down a bit in a futile attempt to hide the disparity in color and thought that he wasn't
"Well, when you do call, make sure you put in enough for the kinfolk. They're threatening to make a return visit later in the afternoon."
,' before he met Steve's gaze and said, "Last you knew, it was Christmas Eve 1944, right?"
"You still look like our Tony. We can see it. But you're very classically beautiful. It's almost like that goddess purposely made you into what western society has historically determined to be what's most physically attractive in a woman."
And again, he also had not a damned thing on him to defend himself with. You know, maybe it was time to look into something like portable gauntlets or something. And maybe he could have Natasha show him some maneuvers befitting his current form, something to aid him if someone or some
"Why?" he snapped and glanced over at Rhodey but then turned to see where Rhodey was looking and saw what was presumably one of the paid photographers for the event meandering through the tables and snapping photos where he saw fit.
Fucking technicalities. He was taking 'technicality' lessons from that fucker, Steve, wasn't he?
"Well, you're going to need a diaper bag," Rhodey said, and as Steve made a face, Tony said, "That's not the same thing. Like at all."
"That's tomorrow," Tony reminded him.
He blew one last kiss in his little girl's direction then left the room, closing the door behind him.
A frown now covered Thor's once-good-humored features, and he said, "My brother is not completely innocent of his crimes — was not completely innocent — of course, and I accept full blame for my part in his turn to darkness."
Tony made a face and adjusted his hold of Olivia in his arms, her eyelids drooping as it neared the time for her morning nap. "Uh, what? This isn't a competition. You don't have to get me something just as extravagant. Just tell me you like it."
Steve's face fell. "No, Tony," he said, his voice barely above a whisper. "Of course not. We'll find a way. I promise. We'll find a way." He glanced to Thor. "We start by contacting this Esmeralda. We see if she responds to reason."
"So, yeah, is he up there self-flagellating? Sure. That's his thing. It's why I volunteered—"
"A walk?"
Steve shook his head but didn't break his gaze with Tony. "No, I mean I'm not just good or fine. I'm perfect. I've got everything I could possibly want right here."
," Steve said with a scoff and rolled eyes, but Barnes just continued to squint at DUM-E as he considered the hunk of junk and then said, "Is he…self-aware?"
He squeezed and kneaded the breasts then slid firm, possessive hands down Tony's torso, settling them over his belly. He kissed from one side of Tony's neck to the other and growled into his other ear, "I love that this is mine," as he caressed his belly. "I love that I did this to you. I love that when people see you, they know I did that to you."
"Don't judge," he snapped at the hipster barista, who had looked askance at the slight bulge of Tony's abdomen and had evidently concluded that it wasn't merely from weight gain.
But Steve exhaled a breath and, with a bemused smile on his face, said, "Some form of chocolate gelato. Either peanut butter or salted caramel."
when I play with your nipples."
As Steve went to ask Buck and Sam what the issue was, Thor boomed out, "Steven! This Midgardian festival entertainment is most delightful! Come join us to partake!"
"I don't believe that," Steve said, and Thor stepped forward and said, "Esmeralda, please. The Man of Iron cannot—"
About halfway to their destination, he put on the '80s satellite channel, the volume low enough so that he could hear it but it wouldn't be distracting to his storytelling, which had highlighted everything he'd ever heard and known about his mother, everything she'd done, and everything she'd done for
Barton shrugged. "Hey, she may be, what, a week old? But she still looks at all of us like she's disappointed in us."
let him go, wouldn't they? Well, no, that wasn't the right way to phrase it. He could make a career out of this, but they wouldn't just keep him cooped up in a lab after the war, would they? They'd let him live his life, right? They'd let him get married (if he was so lucky) and have a family (if he was even luckier), wouldn’t they? Had he read the fine print on his enlistment forms? Jesus God, he wasn't partially the property of Stark Industries, was he? Stark was a nice-enough fella, but sometimes he would get this odd, maniacal look in his eyes that Steve knew was him on the verge of another technological breakthrough, and once — but only once — Stark had leveled that look directly at him. He'd quietly excused himself from the room after that and kept his distance for the next forty-eight hours. Stark appeared to have gone onto something else by the time Steve met up with him again, but Steve would never forget that look — the one that made him wonder if, sometimes, Stark saw him more as 'project' than 'person.'
He jerked a dismissive thumb at them, and Tony watched in slight amusement as Bruce ducked his head to avoid answering while Thor frowned in confusion and Wilson shook his head and muttered something about not getting involved. Natasha stayed silent and Barnes just grabbed another slice of toast and bit halfway into it.
He shrugged. "I don't—"
"Pepper is the best fucking thing that ever happened to me, and she still
"Well, they won't be wrong."
anything," Steve said, and Tony read it for exactly what it was: the patented Steve Rogers Talking-His-Way-out-of-Shit-on-a-Technicality. Of course he wasn't
I mean, not that I'm complaining, but
"Be right back," he said. "Don't go anywhere."
But Steve seemed to get what Tony was aiming to do, and he rubbed his hand gently over the small swell of Tony's abdomen — Tony feeling a twitch of desire in that area Steve was so damned good at pleasuring — and murmured, "Don't worry. It'll happen again."
And Steve would
kill him, but the slow-burning anger and the cold shoulder he'd suffer from his better half would be a much worse fate.
He opened his mouth to do just that — to say he'd changed his mind and he didn't care and he wanted Steve to stay there with him and he didn't care how annoying he got about the shit Hydra was doing right at that moment — but he couldn't seem to do it. He couldn't vocalize it. He couldn't let himself be that selfish.
to because, well, Tony's parts weren't exactly the same at the moment, and though he understood and knew that Steve found him attractive this way, maybe Steve wouldn't be able to bring himself to dominate female!Tony as easily as he did male!Tony. Because as progressive-minded as Steve was, there was still some of that old-time chivalry left in him, and not that Steve thought that women were all delicate little flowers that needed to be protected from the big, bad world, but Tony feared there was a part of him that would be afraid to push it too far because, well, he could hurt him. Because as much as Tony pissed and moaned and made sure everyone knew he was just as capable with two 'X' chromosomes as he was with one 'X' and one 'Y,' Tony wasn't as physically strong in this form as he was in the other, and this form was just that much slighter. Oh, also the whole thing about being…ugh,
But gather there they did, and eat all his food, and imprint their asses on his cushions and watch his television and make his AI settle all their stupidest disputes (the 'chicken and the egg' argument was probably at the top of the list of
"Hmm? Sending out another mass text showing them how ridiculously sexy we are."
"You know," Rhodey cut in, and Tony glanced over and saw he was talking to Pepper, "I'm starting to get what the others were whining about."
Steve reached out and grabbed an afghan from the back of the couch, and he shook it out and draped it over them, and Tony sighed a little and finally relaxed against him, murmuring, "I missed you."
"It's a good school!" he defended.
Tony sat down on the bed beside him. "She's ours. She's a miracle, and she's ours."
"Probably doesn't taste the same, either," Tony said and sat down and began to serve himself with the fork and spoon Steve had dropped. A fucking billionaire, and he was eating off a paper plate with plastic flatware all because his husband couldn't be bothered to wash a goddamned dish.
"You're going to have to give me a bit more than that, Tony."
But now.
He suddenly wondered if there was a slightly more nefarious reason Esmeralda the Delusional had done this to him. Was she Hydra? Was she in cahoots with Hydra? Was Tony just an incubator for some crazy and nefarious Hydra scheme where they tried to grow their very own genius super soldier? He wasn't crazy. Anyone would want a child of both Captain America's and Iron Man's DNA. Fuck, the US Government would probably gladly take one that they could study — off the record, of course — or use to build some sort of arsenal of super soldiers like they'd intended back during the war; the soldiers where Steve was the only successful trial. Maybe they'd gotten more advanced in seventy years? Maybe they'd learned to write the fucking formula down? Because who wouldn't want their very own
"How can you people eat this crap?" he muttered then took a large bite of the plain, toasted bread anyway.
Instead, he slipped it onto the chain around his neck, watching it slide down to clink against the diamond and sapphire band Steve had bought him a couple months before. He wasn't sure if he'd keep it there or put it away, but it was there for the time being, and he clasped the chain back around his neck then grabbed the box of photographs and stashed them in the drawer.
"I mean—" He made a face and scratched at his forehead. "I— If— if you wanted, we could, ah…"
"'Cause we're your family, Stark," Barton said. "Oh, I'm sorry.
them. Cap was of that generation that was too proud to take a handout, and though Tony saw the items more as a gift, he wasn't sure that the Cap would
Tony frowned and looked at the bathroom door as he suddenly realized what was going on there. "What the hell are you doing jerking off in there? Get out here. Fuck, not like I haven't seen it before."
Steve blew out a breath, and he stared at the floor a moment and blinked a couple times before he said, "I feel like I
"When you're older, kiddo. When you're much older."
He didn't even notice the others leave the lab as JARVIS read out the specifications for the adequacy of the Mark XVII for their upcoming mission, and he reached into a storage drawer and pulled out a set of under armor, only realizing as he went to pull his shirt off that Natasha was still in the room with him. He turned to her, hands at the hem of his shirt to pull it off, and said, "Yeah, no peep-shows."
He stopped thinking about that as he stuck his head under the showerhead again to rinse the shampoo out of his hair. God, how had he fucked this up so badly? How could he have let this get so far away from him? Captain America should have stayed nothing more than a fantasy to him.
Steve just shot him a look as he pocketed his keys and his wallet.
"Anyway," he continued, "that's kind of the long and short of it. Got turned into a woman, got knocked— er,
Tony just hummed a little and said, "It's a possibility," as he cracked another egg into the bowl.
Tony swallowed and said, "And Jabba the Slut?"
"You want to come with me?" he asked. "Iron Man, I mean. Give the gossips more to talk about."
"Where do you want me—?" he tried to ask, but Tony just pointed to the worktable and mumbled something about that being good enough.
Tony sighed, and the doctor urged him to pick his legs up as she pulled the table extender out.
As he started to climb the stairs, Tony’s voice echoed out from the kitchen, “
He weaved his way through the room, around the couch and over to the doorway. He smiled up at Steve, who stood next to the frame, clutching his hot chocolate in both hands, and said, "I'm gonna go put this little brat down in her crib." He nodded into the room and added, "Make yourself comfortable. I know you don't know this yet, but it's your house, too."
Fuck it,
"So, what does that mean?" she asked and arched an eyebrow at him. "Would you like to stay this way? I thought your kind mass produces artificial infant formulas for this sort of thing?"
"Eh, it's a heartwarmer. You're allowed. I mean, it's also communist propaganda—"
"If it gets you to shut up about being too fucking old for me, then yeah, I do. And shouldn't you let
The witch only known as 'Wanda' had a reputation that preceded her. One of the last purveyors of the practices of her native land, the Red Witch (so-named for the crackles of energy that were purported to spring forth from her fingertips) dabbled in the dark arts. She was claimed to have spells and potions and incantations for just about any means of influencing or even transforming man or woman. There were
"It is thought...that the Tesseract is one of them."
"Steve Rogers."
are you?"
He cut into his toast and took another bite. "This morning while you were still passed out. Little store a couple miles down the road. Don't worry. I don't think they recognized me at all. I don't think they cared."
"Blood," Steve replied. "Never asked for anything else. Didn't offer it."
"Can' shay," he said, spitting through a mouthful of food.
"I see," she said again and nodded just a little. "That which has allowed you to join with your bondmate also curses you."
Tony just bent down and rested his cheek against the top of Steve's head, his arms draped around his shoulders. "Well, look, it's all in the past, and there's nothing we can do about it now. It happened how it happened, and maybe it sucks how it happened, but that— Maybe that's the way it was always supposed to be."
"I though' she was 'venging with Daddy and Unca Sam and Wanda?"
he and Steve had worn disguises to the doctor's office.
Barnes blinked at him. "Did you just say what I think you said?"
Something weird and painful hit him in the chest as he thought about this — something that felt an awful lot like hurt. "You mean he'd rather be out hunting Hydra goons than go through this with me."
Tony made an utterance of disgust. "Whatever. Just do it. I just need to shut Steve up."
"Thought he was shooting blanks?"
"When you get pregnant with a super soldier's spawn that has the appetite of that fucking super soldier, then we'll talk about weight gain, all right?" he asked, scraping up the last of the chocolate on Steve's plate.
He considered the fry in his grasp and thought back. "Breakfast this morning, I guess."
Steve shrugged and watched as Tony set the rolling pin aside and grabbed the cookie cutters. "Here," he said and shoved them at Steve, "make yourself useful. Get them as close to each other as you can without overlapping."
over this. Crying! Christ, he couldn't wait until he had control over his emotions again!
"Nothing, just, seems a little
"Tony, you didn't almost
But it
Steve didn't want to say he looked hopeful — he hated what that said about himself — but he did look like he was hoping Steve would take him up on the offer. His mouth was a little hard, but there was something shining in his eyes, and Steve didn't think it was merely the streetlight bouncing off of them.
with him, which was just— I'm so glad these aren't my clothes, because if they were, I'd have incinerated them by now. So, anyway, he's doing that gross grinding thing against my thigh, which, ha! He's a legend in his own mind. Fucking pencil dick."
Tony turned his attention to Bruce, who laughed and said, "Thanks, but I'd kind of get the suspicion I wasn't the one you wanted in your arms."
Pepper groaned. "Tony, no. Tony, look at me."
, Bruce!"
He grabbed Stark by the wrists and yanked him away from the car, turning him around and pulling his arms up behind his back. Stark grunted a little and gave a weak attempt at trying to pull his arms away before he said, “This is fucking ridiculous. You honestly can’t think you can just
"Maybe the entertainment?" Natasha said.
"Why?"
"Pretty sure what they had in your day was unpadded wood slabs that got sticky as fuck in the summer. Hmm…I see they went with the pink and purple pattern as opposed to the blue and gray one."
He rolled his eyes. "Why does everyone keep asking me that? Do you really think that just because I have tits and a vagina I suddenly forgot how to make decisions for myself?"
"You could...you could…
No, not a daughter. Anything but a daughter. Anything but a daughter that wasn't
Not 'Olivia,' but 'Sarah.' He swallowed and tried not to let the disappointment show on his face. Evidently, it was an alternate universe after all. He'd known that, but still… He could admit there was a part of him that dared to hope.
"Yeah, you know,
"Don't go too far, baby," Tony called after her as he hung her coat up on the coat rack beside the door. "Time for your mid-morning nap. If Daddy wasn't so screwy, we could have had all your presents opened already."
This time, Natasha shrugged. "And yet, picking the right girl's name seems to be more important to you."
"Oh, I'm sorry," he said, looking around the room but pointedly not looking in Steve's direction. "Is someone talking? I could have sworn I heard a voice, but evidently, I was wrong." He turned back to Thor. "You. He-Man." He made a grabby hand at him. "Token of your affection for me."
"Ugh," he muttered and rolled his eyes as he set his phone down. "Why did we hyphenate?"
"I mean, I'm flattered, obviously, but I'm sort of a one-man kind-of-guy, and Steve
Steve's 'mandatory paternity leave' from the team had lasted only up until the point that all hands on deck were needed to deal with some disturbance going on down in Virginia. Tony, content to let the others deal with it, didn't get all the details, but so far as he understood it, it had something to do with human modification and experimentation, and Tony was half-convinced they were going to come back with evidence that Hydra had somehow gotten their hands on some of Steve's
The thing was, until the legal aspect got sorted out — and Tony assured him that the lawyers were hammering it out and things were looking good for Buck — Bucky kind of was a prisoner of the tower. The Avengers had taken on full responsibility for the man once termed the Winter Soldier, and, god forbid, Bucky in any way snapped or went off the rails, the full blame would fall on the Avengers and, in particular, Steve and Tony as the leaders of the initiative. The one saving grace they had was that the brainwashing that Buck had undergone was never permanent. It wore off after time, as Bucky himself recounted, glimmers of awareness having been afforded to him and then snatched away over the years. Steve honestly wasn't sure about Bucky snapping and suddenly turning into the Winter Soldier. He was aware that his daughter's cries sometimes put Bucky ill-at-ease, and Steve couldn't even begin to imagine what Bucky had been forced to do over the years to where an infant's cries could cause the beginning stages of a flashback, but he wasn't afraid of him turning into a mindless killing machine — not through that means, anyway.
"Ask your kids," Tony muttered as he typed. "They'll tell you."
"Uh, don't we always call you 'baby girl'?"
Thor laughed and said, "Fear not, my friend, your Captain is most anxious to see you and complete the vows of marriage you have sworn to take for each other." He then looked Tony over and said, "Though I understand you still feel yourself to be the invincible Man of Iron that we have come to know and trust, may I say you make quite a stunning vision of female beauty."
"Not especially."
"That all depends on what kind of help you can provide."
As far as Fury's team went, there was a red-headed agent — an attractive woman, he could admit — named 'Romanoff,' who was ex-KGB (he'd had to look up what that was). There was a miserable-looking agent (maybe he just photographed poorly?) named 'Barton' that was a master archer and had unfortunately been compromised by the trickster. Then there was a fella named 'Banner' that…had a condition, of some kind, as far as he could tell. There was intel included about this trickster's brother, named 'Thor,' who SHIELD had determined was not a threat but could potentially come in handy when it came to rounding up the trickster.
"What?" Tony asked, pulling his hands back because maybe Steve wasn't in the mood to have his shoulders rubbed?
Tony shrugged. "Standing offer. Just let me know— Uh, but make sure you give me, like, a day or two to work on it. Actually, make that three. Four? Look, this extra weight I've been carrying around for the past, oh, whatever, has kind of been slowing me down a bit, and Steve gets all pissy when I spend too much time down here without food or sleep."
He frowned just a little at the very prominent cleavage.
"Yeah," Barnes agreed. "I would not fuck with that."
love with Steve Rogers, and yeah, that means something. Because Captain America is righteous and courageous and mighty and strong and smart and perfect. Steve Rogers isn't. Steve Rogers has flaws — some that he'll never admit to himself. But Steve Rogers is a good man that only wants to do right by the people that he cares about. He makes mistakes, he has insecurities, and yeah, sometimes, he's a little old-fashioned. But he's sweet and he's caring and even if I think he'd rather get a root canal than say the actual words, I know he loves me."
"What?" Steve asked with a nervous laugh.
to him, asking about his studies and how he and Young Sir had met and what he planned to do once he'd gotten his degree. In fact, Tony also gravitated toward Jarvis while they spent that weekend in the Stark mansion on Fifth Avenue (good god, his mother would never believe he'd snagged himself a fella that came from Fifth Avenue), and it seemed that Jarvis was almost a surrogate father to Tony, treating him with the warmth and authority normally afforded an actual father.
He shook his head a little and scuffed one polished shoe against the floor before he looked up at Tony. "You really think that, don't you? That you're not as important to me…"
"Look, you think anyone's going to want to watch a movie about
like it was swollen any, Esmeralda's words be damned. He did have to admit, and this wasn't him being vain, that he did have a rather attractive body as a woman. His own body hadn't been
"Eh, maybe jelly?"
Tony's heart sank into his stomach, but he refused to let it show on his face, and so he simply shrugged and said, "No big deal. It's only a birthday."
"And a daughter?"
"Well, do you see anyone here that I would no-questions-asked put above someone else's welfare?"
Natasha shook her head, all innocent-like. "I never said that."
Tony just grinned at him, and he said, "J? Close up shop here for a while. Cap and I are going upstairs."
He blinked, tears filling his eyes, and he wasn't sure if it was from the pain in his hand or the emotional turmoil of the past two hours. Not that he'd ever admit that to anyone. He'd tried, he'd tried so hard, but Pepper wouldn't listen. Just kept saying she couldn't handle it any longer, she couldn't take it anymore. She couldn't keep picking up after him, cleaning up his messes, watching from the sidelines as he threw himself into the pit once again. He all but begged her to stay, and he told her he couldn't live without her — which he couldn't — but she just shook her head, tears streaming down her own face, and said she couldn't do this any longer. She could be his CEO, and she could be his friend, but she couldn't be his girlfriend.
The car stopped at Natasha's floor, and the doors slid open to reveal the vestibule. She led Tony off the car and over to the door that led into the apartment proper, and Tony stepped into the soothing sanctuary that was Casa Romanova.
"Fucking sap," he muttered, and Steve raised a pointed eyebrow at him.
"Oh, I do. That half-pitched tent in your pants kind of gives you away — unless there's something going on between you and Barton you haven't told me?"
Steve just raised an eyebrow at him as he adjusted the baby in his arms, cradling her for feeding. "But you don't deny I have a point."
Tony glowered and grumbled, but he wasn't too proud to reach out and snatch the bagel from the plate and take a large savory bite of it. God, he loved bagels.
"You're crazy," he said with a mutter. "You're goddamned crazy. I'm trying to reason with a crazy person."
Barton shot him a flat look with that murder face of his. "What do you think nesting
"It's bad luck," Steve said, a bottle of beer in-hand as Tony, baby tucked into the crook of one arm, used his free hand to tear into the box Wilson had brought along with him, tossing the cutesy and pastel wrapping paper onto the floor and figuring
"Because clearly I have to change the locks on the doors because you people don't seem to realize that the penthouse is not the 'common area.' There is literally a common floor for everyone to congregate on, and nobody uses it."
to be here — because they
(Never mind that the pioneer women of old would probably laugh at the soft, pampered city slicker they would have considered him to be.)
"Sounds like her," Tony muttered.
"Of course not," Steve agreed quickly.
"I really don't think that's—"
The woman glanced down to Tony's smaller belly and said, "But your child is worth all that and more."
"Huh?"
"Tony—"
Steve arched an eyebrow at him. "The
He gasped as he felt Steve finger his hole, the lube cold on his fingers, and he moaned out another wanton breath again as Steve worked him and worked him, slowly, carefully, gently, stretching him with first one finger then two and then three, applying more lube as needed, until he felt the tip of a plug being inserted into him.
"Gotta have some tradition," Natasha added.
Tony just rolled his eyes, and Steve asked, "You sure you don't need help with that?" as Wilson made his way to the door.
Tony winced back. "What are you talking about? That's 'White Christmas.'"
Steve just inhaled and nodded like he finally understood Tony's issue, and he stayed quiet a moment, his jaw set and his lips pursed, before he said, "Well, this is kinda what you looked like when I fell in love with you, and because I kinda have a thing for short—"
Tony glanced to Barnes for a moment then went back to twisting and soldering wires in his arm. "I was. Still am."
"I can assure you, Captain, the world will not think less of you were you to choose to walk away."
"I wouldn't doubt it," she said with an easy shrug. "But overall, I don't think Hydra's known for being the most progressive or feminist organization."
"And I
Tony flexed his fingers over Steve's shoulders, his eyes closed as he savored the touch. He was wrong. He didn't want Natasha touching him. He didn't want her involved with this. Nope, this was just something for him and Steve to experiment with.
"Because a man is flirting with you, or because I know how shit you are at flirting?"
"Rocky and Bullwinkle references are always sterling and relevant. Open the damned doors, J."
. He understood what was causing the pains — or why they existed, he should say — and he had to say, nature had
Until Barton lightened the mood somewhat by focusing on the least...awkward portion of it. "Happened when Stark was a woman. Think it was pretty damned conventional."
She gasped and sat up, and Tony groaned a little as the bulk of her weight settled on his abdomen.
Tony watched as he swallowed and grimaced a little, reaching up to run a frustrated hand through his hair.
too tight on you, and we've got Hulk junk swinging all over Midtown or something."
already why Tony would be mad about him inviting a fucking
"Jesus, I'm going to break an ankle wearing these things. I don't care how great they make my ass look."
Bruce eyeballed him. "And what if it turns out it's something more than that?"
"It's true."
Tony shook his head, a slow smile spreading over his face. "Nuh uh. Not a peep out of me."
…" behind him.
He shrugged. "Easy pickings."
"None taken," Steve said, but his tone said his words were anything but earnest.
"Congratulations, honey," Natasha said, rubbing his shoulder. "You did it."
He cut off a moment and took an uneasy look at the screaming newborn in Tony's arms but then apparently pushed through whatever discomfort he'd had and continued his thought.
She looked up at him from where she was inspecting the first coat she'd put on his toes. "Bridge too far?"
Steve hummed a little but shook his head. "Nope. Can't tell you. Won't come true."
He did believe. It was the quiet, rational part of him, but he did believe what Steve had said. He believed that Steve would find this broken-down body attractive, would love Tony no matter what he looked like. He believed it because it was Steve, and Steve was the most honest guy he knew. He would never say anything like that if he didn't mean it from the bottom of his heart. He loved Steve, and Steve loved him, and that's what mattered.
Tony swallowed and looked at the slice he held in his hand, remembering how she folded it with both her small hands and took one solitary bite before she put it down and began to pull the cheese off because 'Daddy' would eat what she didn't eat. He glanced up at Steve, who was already halfway done with his first slice, and though his stomach gurgled, he suddenly found his appetite gone.
"Well," he said and took the picture back when Hill handed it over, "maybe I'm a little more old- fashioned than you think."
rape scene was in any way incidental to the plot. None of the previous ones had. "Well," he said after he decided the director just really had a thing for medieval rape fantasies, "she's not paying attention, and she's too young to really understand what's going on anyway. The better question is, should
Tony eyed him warily. "You're just saying that to fuck with me," he decided. "I think you'd be even pissier about that than I would."
Steve, weirdly enough, was shoving wrapping paper and ribbons into a garbage bag. Someone must have laid one hell of a guilt trip on him to get him to do
Steve's eyes went wide at that thought. He hadn't even considered that. "Can that happen?"
too much fun with this.
uniform and
His hand fell away from the top of her head, and his stomach dropped out from under him.
Steve just shook his head and took another gulp of orange juice.
(And again, Steve was entirely certain Tony mourned Jarvis more than either Howard or Maria. Tony hadn't cried at Howard and Maria's funeral, but he'd all but soaked through Steve's coat with his tears at Jarvis's.)
"OK," Bruce said, and after a moment, Tony heard him make his way toward the door. "Oh, hey, what did you name her? You never said."
"Baby girl?" Bruce murmured, but Tony ignored him.
He shrugged. "Well, the fact that she's obviously
He'd slaughter anyone that harmed one hair on her head.
Sam put a hand up. "Look, I'm gonna stop you right there. You
He ran, fast as he could, down the street, eyeing up block after block of wood-frame houses, pruned shrubbery, driveways and garages, and festive seasonal decorations. He didn't know how long or how far he ran before he got to the intersection of what looked to be the main thoroughfare. He came to a dead stop just as a plow truck went by, throwing dirty snow up onto the sidewalk as it cleared the road. It didn't look… In fact, none of the vehicles looked… They didn't look like anything he'd seen in either Brooklyn or Europe — small and sleek and streamlined. One went by just after the plow truck — red and sleek and sporting odd-shaped headlamps. And then a truck went by and then another car. He stepped back from the curb and reached out for the signpost. He grabbed hold of it to steady himself and was just contemplating his next brilliant move when he heard the crunch of snow beneath tires beside him, and he turned to see a sleek, black car with blackened windows pull up to the stop sign. Some weird motor whirred, and he watched the blackened window slide down into the door, but there was no one there to roll it down. Instead, he peered into the driver's side to see Tony, now with a fashionable black coat thrown over him, sitting behind the steering wheel and looking rather nonplussed.
"You sure?"
And more than that, he had a family.
Tony pointed a stylus at Bruce. "Don't even think of finishing that, jolly green."
Tony sat back a little and stared at him, the book slipping into the space between them.
Steve seemed to know — or fear — where this was going. "Yeah?" he said, his tone leading but unsure.
Tony cocked an eyebrow. "You got
is in breast milk, run a few simulations, and then boom! Genuine breast milk."
But Steve just shook his head. "The mother of my child may be a lot of things, but she's? He's?" He blinked and frowned then continued, "
He got up, only realizing now that someone had put him to bed (he was certain he'd fallen asleep on the couch), and bleary-eyed, he stumbled out of the bedroom and down the steps to the living area. The lights were off in the lounge, but light shone from the kitchen, and either his damned houseguests were helping themselves to his food again or Steve was home.
Steve recognized the makings of a Tony Stark pout when he saw one, and the water dripping down his forehead and into his eyes, he went over and took a gentle hold of Tony's arm.
"I guess if you want to call it that," he murmured.
"Look," Wilson cut in before Steve could finish his complaint, "I'm just putting it out there now: you pair me up with the cyborg, I am totally defecting to the Justice League."
"I thought aliens had space ships," he asked on another.
"No, Steve,
Steve pushed the plug in, and Tony groaned and bit his lip to stop the sounds.
"Wait, is that…you…admitting that you know I'm
"He thinks it's just because I'm bored with that room — which I am — but no, he doesn't think it's because of
been able to get Steve to fulfill his duties this morning, but the feeling subsided, and he was about to go on his way when Natasha said from beside him, "What are you doing in here?"
"Oh, yeah, this doesn't look suspicious at all," Tony said as the doors slid closed. "You know what's going to be splashed over everything tomorrow, right? Captain America and his little slut spending the night at the Waldorf?"
He snorted a laugh before he caught himself and went back to neutral again. "Are your daddy and your papa married?"
He'd never given much thought to children or a family. He hadn't exactly felt the love from his parents (at least, he hadn't felt the love from Howard, that was for sure), and he was aware of the fact that he was, at times, too much like his father for comfort, which didn't exactly bode well for his own parenting skills (or lack thereof). He didn't detest the thought of children, and he had no desire to bring one into the world simply so that he would have someone to hand the company to on his deathbed, but he'd be lying if he didn't admit that there was a part of him that had thought, for a brief flicker of a moment when things were at their peak with Pepper, that maybe, just
of existence. Mmm…keep doing that."
They both turned to Thor for clarification, and he merely nodded a fraction.
That seemed to bring Steve back, and he scowled and said, "Yeah, my ailments and your taste for alcohol."
Oh, god, not pleasure!
"About?"
"But he's not working alone. We definitely know that," Barton added.
Bruce shared a look with Steve before he turned to Tony and said, "I am, Tony, but I agree it would be a good thing to run some tests to make sure everything's going the way it should. You
Bruce and Natasha and even Thor shrugged their agreement. Barton just said, "Yeah, nobody told me about this until five minutes ago."
Tony kept his eyebrow raised. "Are you asking if I want to put it up for adoption?"
"Are you sure it was safe?" the Cap asked, concern etched over his face, jaw set, and crease formed between his brows, and Tony startled at the now-familiar expression.
"Well, you just looked so pathetic there — kinda like a turtle on your back."
"Start what?"
"How do I feel?" he asked, struggling to his feet, his joints cracking and something throbbing in his knee, but that was fine, whatever. That was his voice. That was
Bruce picked up a knife from the table and went to cut into the butter. "Is this soy?" he asked, blade poised above the pale stick of churned cream.
Steve carried the bags through to the living room, and Tony followed then watched as Steve switched on every light and went through every single room in the house. It was all on one level, and there were what appeared to be only the two entrances along with a couple of reinforced windows. No television that he could see, and he very much doubted there was any Wi-Fi to be had.
"Do you?" Tony asked with a laugh, and Cap turned surprised eyes on him. "Follow orders, I mean. I've heard stories about you, Cap, and I've seen things with my own eyes. You pay lip service to following orders, but you march to the beat of your own drummer.
He knew she had the serum in her — he just knew it — but there was still a part of him that wondered (or maybe 'worried' was the better word) that she would somehow develop one or all of his prior maladies. He knew it was a stupid thing to consider — a stupid thing to worry about — but it was always there in the back of his mind, taunting him and teasing him and goading him. Maybe he had been turned into a specimen of physical perfection, but there was no guarantee any children he might have would be.
"Look," Barnes said, "Steve— I mean we all know what he's like. He's
"You asked him to step in as Iron Man until I can squeeze into the suit again," Tony said, understanding what Steve either couldn't or was too embarrassed to get out.
He finished cleaning up and shut the water off, and he stepped out of the shower, wrapping a towel around his body before he twisted his hair up in one, and he padded into the bedroom and began to search through drawers for something to wear. A glance outside showed a late-spring sunset, the dark amber of dying sunshine glinting off the glass of the buildings surrounding the tower, and he frowned and wondered if it was too early for pajamas. It was a Friday night, and a quick glance at the small digital clock on the table next to Steve's side of the bed showed a time of 7:24.
"I don't know," Wilson said. "Things have gotten really weird over the last few years. They might believe Tony Stark got turned into a woman. Would totally explain your sudden disappearance and the fact that both Cap and Nat were seen around town with the same gorgeous mystery woman."
"And if you
"Hey, no big deal," Bruce said and shrugged. "You love who you love."
"You know," Wilson added, "'cause it's a school night."
"Well," Steve said and rubbed his hand up and down Tony's thigh, "so long as he didn't recognize either of you, I guess that's all I can ask for. What would you have done if he'd said he wanted to see it?"
Steve just nodded and watched Tony carry Olivia up the stairs. Halfway up, it seemed her giggles had turned into slight whines, and by the time they got upstairs, Steve was certain he heard a full-on cry.
There was his one-room dive in Brooklyn that was technically his home; it was, at the least, where all his worldly possessions remained waiting patiently for his return from the front, but he hesitated to call that a 'home.' 'Home' was more than just a physical place, it was a spiritual place, it was a place filled with warmth and merriment and happiness and people that he loved. Did he even have anything like that now? He wasn't sure that he did. Maybe he would someday (and hopefully with Peggy), but for right now... He had the Commandos to look after, but they all had lives of their own and homes to go back to when this was all over. Steve didn't. When this war was over, he had no place to go. Actually, maybe it wouldn't be such a bad thing if he committed to the Army for the rest of his days. If Peggy wouldn’t have him (and God, did he hope Peggy would have him), at least the Army would.
Both he and Rhodey turned to look at Olivia, who yawned and said, "Not sleepy."
As Natasha went over to the 'jet to explain her change of plans to the crew, Bruce joined him in- step, and as they left the hangar and went over to the elevator, Bruce said, "Look, Tony, I know how little you want to listen to advice about this sort of thing, but get some rest now while you can."
Bruce slapped a hand over his mouth to keep from laughing yet again. Good lord, this child was honest.
"Between my legs?"
Steve looked a little sheepish, averting his gaze as he looked down at the rumpled sheets between them. "Nat gave me some stuff to read."
He glanced up, snuffling, and he caught Bruce and Rhodey giving each other wary looks, but Tony shook his head and said, "It's fine."
had nothing to do with sex this time. You laid out a plan of action, and I totally confirmed that I agreed with it. You know why? 'Cause I am totally a team player.”
Steve ground his teeth together, his jaw doing that thing it did when he heard something he didn't like. "How long is it going to take to get these plants back online?"
"Tea would be better," Bruce said as Tony sat down.
this little creature inside of him, and he just— He knew— He felt—
," he said, whining the name, "It's our wedding night. I am sitting next to you in lacy lingerie. Why do we have to talk about this? This is disturbingly unsexy."
He didn't.
He sipped his champagne a moment then said, "I'm sorry. Isn't that what you were stating down at Ella Greenburg's gallery a couple weeks ago? Shame it didn't get as much press as it should have."
"Yeah, probably that you stole her away from me."
"No one ever knew me as well as you."
"Any weirder than you also being able to say you're carrying Captain America's baby?" Natasha said then patted his calf. "You look good. Steve won't be appalled by your grooming habits."
Would anyone ever believe the truth? Would anyone ever believe the reality of the situation? That Tony Stark had gotten turned into a woman and gotten knocked up by Steve Rogers because they were both idiots and neither one had given any consideration to using a fucking condom?
"It totally counts."
"Hope you don't mind Italian," Steve said in greeting and gave him a kiss.
But Steve held his ground. "You heard what the doctor said, Nattie."
"With who? You and your little birdie friends? Hey, can you speak bird?"
"Uh…" he looked back down and began to read, "
"No, she shouldn't— Brat—! Kid—! Get off of him!"
Bruce was quiet a moment like he was trying to get his phrasing exactly right, and he simply said, "Just…drink a lot of water."
"Yeah," he said, "looks like you're both working real hard right there."
Steve shot him a pointed look. "Again, stupid, but not
Steve just sat there and blinked, and he tilted his head in slight amusement and said, "You never want me to eat breadsticks again."
"I understand that, Tony," he said, though he felt himself weaken just the slightest at the mere thought of his daughter and the fact that he had always promised himself that, if he we were ever lucky enough to have children, he would provide to them everything he had never had himself, college included.
"I'm sorry," he said good-naturedly. "I didn't mean to use my charms against you."
with the security detail that's here. Guess there's been some issues with it."
only temporary, right? I mean, these sorts of experiences are only good for, like, a day or so, right?"
He raised a questioning eyebrow at him.
Tony just held it up, staring at it, and he blinked a couple times like he'd blown a fuse before he looked at Bucky and said, "Is this supposed to be funny?"
cut off his balls, I would have rethought the whole thing and come to realize, yes, I would like his dick inside me again." He paused a moment then added, "And the whole 'mutilating my spouse' is kind of…
Bruce couldn't help but look amused. "
Tony just held Natasha's gaze, and she winked at him and said, "Something like that. So, Steve did his homework?"
The man — who, dear God, must have, at the very least, been about forty — made a slightly bemused face and said, "Are you asking me if it is?"
"We'll wait for you," Natasha called up.
— or, more accurately, his future-self — had been the one to pick out the dress.
Silence, and then, "
"My favorite photo of Jimi Hendrix. You know, she was young, but she really was talented. She had this great perception of light and shadow. It's really neat the things she was able to do, especially with her city shots — New York and London and places like that…"
"Oh, I'm sorry. Did you want me to walk into an obstetrician's office looking
"Hmm... yeah, you wanna try translating that from 'asshole' for me?" Tony asked as he opened the fridge and pulled out a carton of eggs.
was the one Steve wanted and Steve desired, and here was the proof. Because
"That's not possible. I'm fifty-two years older than you are."
He put his arms around her and hugged her, and he pressed a kiss to the crown of her head and said, the words coming to him like they were being fed to him through the ether, "I love you, too, baby girl."
Tony put his hands up. "I didn't make up the phrase, Steve, and yeah," he admitted and dropped his hands again. "They do. I mean, I guess it would be worth looking into."
"Yes, Sir."
There was an element of amusement in JARVIS's tone as he said, "
"Babe," he said, quiet authority lacing his voice, "look at me."
Sam, "are you hoping we check out soon or something?"
you get squeamish talking about what's happening?"
Rhodey just frowned and tilted his head a bit in confusion, and Steve said, "Esmeralda. It's part of the spell."
Natasha just smirked at him. "You know he's not actually from Scandinavia, right?"
" before going on to explain — angrily — that Santa Claus rode a red sleigh pulled by eight tiny reindeer,
"How soon?"
She just shrugged and made a 'hmm' sound but said, "You will see in time."
He shifted his gaze back up to meet hers again.
let alone her vagina."
Tony shrugged, and Pepper said, "I'm sorry Steve. You pay your dues, you get to attend. God knows what he'd print if we kept him off the guest list."
He just sighed and shrugged. "Go ahead."
It started with a power outage.
He tilted his head back and forth a bit and said, "Eh, maybe a little. Really hope this doesn't keep up the whole time. I don't think I could handle it."
He thought about it and said, "The armor might be cool to get married in. Think Steve would like it?"
He left the bathroom and went back over to his chair, seeing that the woman was gone and Steve was back to reading a magazine, long legs stretched out in front of him. He sat down, and Steve flipped a page and said, "You OK?"
"Dude, not enough brain bleach in the world to get rid of that image," Wilson replied, looking at Steve like his mere existence was now somehow offensive to him.
and not know
"Where's your leash?" Steve asked, hands back on Tony's shoulders. "Did you bring your leash?"
Sam actually seemed perplexed by this, frowning, looking at Steve like what he'd just said didn't mesh with what he knew of Tony Stark, and Steve shook his head. "No, that's why I thought he agreed with me. He just kept nodding and saying I was right and—"
wonder what it tasted like.
Tony started at the motion, horrified, then said, "Oh, you did not just finish my sausage."
had a rapport with kids.
She just glanced up and smiled at him, and Steve nodded and pushed himself off the couch then went over to Dopey and Sleepy and said, "You both seem to have recovered from your day at the beach. Come on. We'll go run through a few drills."
any of this stuff until he'd experienced it for himself, and hell, even he couldn't always explain exactly to Steve what he wanted. Sometimes, it was just instinctual. He just knew how to move or where to move or what to touch. He couldn't explain it. He just
"Well, she'd better."
"I need you to open them a little bit."
He shrugged and rubbed his hand against Steve's rock-hard abs. "Just… I don't know. Just… Look, I know it sounds crazy, but it's just this weird feeling that I've had the past… I don't know a while, I guess. Like… I'm actually at my due date — well, almost. I am two days away from my due date and— Fuck, the fact that I can actually—" He shut his mouth and shook his head before he continued again. "And I know that once it actually happens… I'm not going to change back. I'm going to be stuck like this, and I just… I mean I can live with it. I don't have a choice now. It's not the end of the world. Yeah, I'll miss my old body, but I can live with this the rest of my life. Sure, there's surgery, but that…" He shrugged. "I don't know. I guess what I'm saying is that I can totally live with being a woman for the rest of my life. I think. I just… I wonder how you feel about it. Can
"No, but they gave us a certificate with our names on it."
"I wish I could have been there with you. I mean it," he added at Steve's disbelieving scoff. "I wish I could have… I wish I could have seen what you saw. You're in my world. You don't have a choice. You know what my world looks like. I wish I could have seen your world. I wish I could have seen it with you. Fuck, even if I had to go looking like this—" He pulled one arm from around Steve and patted his belly before he put it back. "I wish I could have been there with you. Even just for a day."
He wasn't worth it.
Was it some stupid thing to do with
ridiculously narrow hips. "Tony, I'm sorry," he said, the tone earnest and forthright. "I didn't realize how badly this was affecting you. I talked to Thor. I went through every possible scenario I could think of with him. He doesn't seem to know of anyone or any way to turn you back. I'm sorry, Tony. I wish— I wish there was something more I could do."
He skipped those lines.
"No."
He pushed the door open, expecting to have to wake her up, but she was already sitting up in her crib, babbling to herself as she played with some of the plush toys in her crib, and Steve stood over her and smiled and said, "Hey, uh, kid. Your, ah, other dad wants me to grab you, so…"
Tony grinned at him. "Proud of me, peach blossom?"
"But how can she look like you, too?"
As Tony took the first sip of…very chocolaty milk — OK, maybe he went a little overboard on the syrup — JARVIS said, "
"Actually," Bruce said, "there's more than you might think—"
"Don't worry," Bruce said from the back seat as Natasha pulled out of the space and swung the car around the garage toward the exit bay, "it's typical for brides to be late to their wedding."
Tony startled a little bit as he stood back up. "Uh,
"Look, I don't know what to tell you about the photographs. My grandfather was a big fan of Captain America — enough to get his hands on his personal photographs, I guess. Is it weird? Yeah, I guess. Never really thought about it much."
make the most sense for Tony to endure this. Because he did create, and he did bring things to life, and he'd already done so in the past. His 'bots, his suits, his AI were all kind of like metal and computerized children he'd given birth to…in a weird way.
Tony glanced back to him. "You know your pal is convinced he's just a tourist from Oslo, right?"
Tony rolled his eyes. "You're missing my— The point is, yes, the serum gave you that rockin' bod, but the Steve Rogers that's underneath that rockin' bod is still the same, and he is a giant pain in the ass."
But then he remembered that these photos were probably going to end up splashed all over websites and television programs, and he heaved out a breath and continued on his way.
Steve gave him a gentle squeeze to shut him up. "I know
I could have been sort of classed as one on some technical level, sure. I've kinda been dry a while now, and I'm not really looking to fuck that up. My old man—" He clamped his mouth shut and shook his head then said, "My kid deserves a hell of a lot better than I ever got."
Tony rolled his eyes. "I'm fine, Steve. I think I'd be the first to know if I wasn't." Steve nodded toward his abdomen. "You didn't know what the fluttering was."
Barnes dropped his arms, and he ran his flesh hand through his hair and shook his head one more time then said, "I can't believe that— Does he really think—?" He groaned and shook his head and looked point-blank at Tony. "You want to know the truth? You want to know what it— I don't
"Yeah. A baby shower. They had those back in the Mesozoic era, didn't they?"
"OK, gimmie," Tony said, reaching grabby hands out at Hill to take his baby back, and Hill smiled and cooed at her once more before she carefully passed her back into Tony's waiting and willing arms.
Steve just exhaled a breath, but there was a smile on his lips and a slight crinkle to his eyes. "You want doughnuts?"
Bucky made another 'there you go' motion at him and added, "What we're saying is you're reckless, Stevie. You're reckless with your body, and you're reckless with your emotions."
recall that I live with a slob that drinks from the carton, right?"
Steve nodded, but Tony frowned and said, "Uh, who?"
Tony watched him a moment then frowned a little and said, "This isn't about what Asshole Welch said last night, is it?"
"Meaning you stuck your fingers in your ears and screamed until you got your way."
Bruce just winced back a little, probably because Tony had all but shoved the box in his face. "Uh… Why are you being so…"
Tony sighed out a breath and said, "No. It wasn't. It was just—" He shrugged. "I guess I kind of had a hard time taking some of it seriously. Because, like I said, they want me to envision my cervix
“Yeah, OK, but if I let you go by yourself, I won’t see you for hours. I’ll either get too wrapped up with
He waited for JARVIS to finish his scan, and he rubbed his wrist afterward and said, "Well?"
He frowned. "I'm only twenty-six."
"We're waiting to find out."
"Eh, you're a thousand. I'll let it slide— Oh, subway grate with these heels? I don't think so. We gotta go around that, Steve."
"It's the stuff you picked out."
He felt like shit— Oh, not in the way that meant he was pregnant again. Fuck, no, not that way. But he felt… He felt…
"Why?" Steve asked, the word hesitant in tripping over his tongue.
"All right," Steve said, taking the baby out of Tony's grasp, "let me have her. You can go get cleaned up."
"There is no one around for miles," he continued. "Have you seen
"Papa's no fun," Steve told Olivia and began to open the box for her. She stood beside him and tried to help, and he pulled the small toy from the box and set it down for her to test out. Olivia plopped down and began to play with it, picking up the receiver and tugging on the dial and chirping with delight when it made noise, and Steve frowned and looked at the small, red lead attached to the front of it.
Steve shook his head as he cut into his steak. "I'm not mad at you," he said without looking at him.
"That kind of sounds like refusal there."
But Tony shook his head and said, "No, no, it's not you," and ran his hands up Steve's back until he could cup them over his broad shoulders. "It's not that. It's just— I was just thinking. You're mine. You belong to me. Legally, you actually belong to me now."
Cap said, and Tony would swear there was a slight teasing tone to his voice.
He was just starting to mop up the mess when Tony pushed into the room, and Steve stopped in his tracks in the middle of wiping off his abdomen. Tony's gaze zeroed in on what he was doing, and Steve stood there, mortified, waiting for the ball to drop. He didn't know how it was going to drop; he just knew that it was.
Two-thirty.
"No, it's fuckin' hysterical," Barnes said, and though his tone was kind of flat, Tony got that he was actually speaking the truth, which…didn't
are not Tony Stark."
"I guess," Steve muttered, sounding none too happy about it.
don't want to or you're just saying that because you think you shouldn't because it might make things weird between us?"
too much fun with this.
"Well, you spent nearly all of your life in a body designed to impregnate not be impregnated. To now experience life as the one that's been impregnated—"
Tony shrugged, but Barnes said, "He's really only upset because the birdman model would be the bottom-seller."
"No, let him live in his delusion."
"There is nothing insane about it," she explained. "You are bonded. You have been bonded for many an age. It is...what has always been and what will always be."
"Kind of like how you made the future not so scary for him."
"I thought I smelled something burning," he said by way of explanation of his appearance, but Tony motioned to the island table and said, "Have a seat."
"Why shouldn't I believe in you?"
A couple people let out audible gasps, and one woman said, "That sounds awful! Why would anyone—"
Since he figured trying to explain the concept of a 'date' to a four-year-old would be headache- inducing, he just said, "Oh, just out. He'll be back, don't worry."
"Nothing. Just a stupid,
these tests to begin with—"
child, so I'll thank you not to go off and get yourself killed before this whole thing—" He waved his hands over his body like he was demonstrating…something. "Ends."
use those words?"
All three jumped and turned to see Natasha standing on the other side of the security desk, her makeup a little worn from a full day of wear, but the scarlet waves that cascaded past her shoulders looked like they'd just been set an hour ago. She braced her hands on the dark granite desk then leaned over and kissed her fiancé 'hello,' the silk of her royal blue dress reflecting off the warm lights from above, the diamond pendant necklace Bucky had given her on one of their anniversaries catching in the light, which matched the sheen from the tasteful diamond on her left ring finger.
"Is it?" he asked with faux-innocence, and Steve dared to glance up from his menu for a moment before he swallowed and averted his gaze.
He expected a laugh and something teasing. He expected a joke. What he didn't expect was a warm wetness to brush against his neck as Steve seemingly blinked away some tears — of happiness, of remorse, he couldn't say — and he took a deep breath and swallowed to keep his own emotions in check because he was starting to do that thing where he'd cry at the drop of a fucking hat, and seeing Steve cry was a surefire way of getting his own waterworks going.
The baby didn't say anything to that, just continued to squawk, and Tony put his hand over her, either to shield her or protect her, he didn't know, her tiny little cheek resting against his sternum where the gown had fallen away.
"Please," Steve said then looked down to Olivia to see how she was doing with the bottle. He went to pull it away to test if she was still interested in it or was just sucking the formula down because it was there, but she whined and made a motion like she was trying to get more out, and so he let her continue to feed from it.
"So, I'm not a man now."
"Uh, television," Tony said quickly. "It's stuck on one of those Hallmark-type channels. You know the sort of schlock they play. Actually, you don't, but trust me, they do. I'm, uh, trying to fix it now."
"You OK?" Steve asked as Tony got to his feet.
"Guess I really will be his boy-toy at that point," he murmured.
,' and Steve took that to mean that Howard was indeed dead — but he didn't think 'Howard' was a subject he wanted to stay on any longer than he had to, and so he reached out and took hold of Tony's left hand and grasped hold of Tony's ring between his thumb and forefinger. "So, then, your last name is 'Stark.'"
"Yeah, he— Look, he wouldn't take a gentle hint, all right? So, I hit on him. Told him Nat and I were looking for someone to join us in a three-way and he was just our type, which—" He shivered and looked back at Steve. "Nope, sorry. I like my men tall, blonde, and buff-as-fuck."
"It's your own fault," Bruce said. "You and Steve are too lenient with her. You let her walk all over you."
Tony rolled his eyes, but he couldn't deny there were tears in them as he did so. "Whatever," he muttered, his voice cracking slightly. "I take it Captain Martyr was the only one in the building at the time?"
"It is adorable when you go all fifty shades of red like that, but you're not my Steve, and I don't want to make you any more uncomfortable than you already are, so why don't we drop it for now and pick it back up at a more convenient time — say, when we're both naked in bed together?"
"Tony, come on," Bruce said with a sigh. "It's not going to hurt. At most, it'll be uncomfortable. Like last time, remember?"
" Tony hissed as Bruce met up with him. He put his finger to his lips and motioned to the slack little body on top of his, and Bruce gave him a
She lost her composure for a moment, laughing like she knew she wasn't supposed to before she said, "Well, that's one way of putting it."
"I haven't done anything that
"Yeah, how did you agree on that so quickly?" Wilson asked. "Because I'm pretty sure arguing for you two is like sex you can have in public, and I know how much you two like sex, so…"
He supposed it was just the way Steve was. Steve was just that kind of guy. But Tony liked to think he was at least somewhat special, that Steve maybe would do this for anyone out of obligation but for Tony, yeah, he was doing it because he wanted to. Because he loved him.
"Yeah? So, if I asked J to confirm that—"
"Whatever," Rhodey said with a sigh. "I guess I shouldn't be surprised you'd have something like that on the brain when we're talking about Cap."
"Hmm…" she said with a predatory smile, "I'm going to do something special for you tonight." She reached down into the tight, hot gap between their legs and made like she was stroking him.
Rhodey stared at him a moment then said a succinct, "You're a jerk."
"Hey," he said and turned his attention back to his yawning daughter, "you want to go take a nap in my bed?"
Pepper's eyes had gone wide, a hand hovering over her mouth like she wasn't sure whether to make the final connection or not. "And it didn't?"
we do as 'making love.' Which is…sort of an interesting way to look at it because I'll be honest. A lot of the things we've done have been down and dirty fucking, no two ways about it. But I think it makes him feel kind of…kind of like a pervert of something if he says we're just fucking, or— No, no," he said and shook his head. "I don't think that's it. I think—" He laughed.
"Like?"
He sat back some, and he considered Steve a moment before he took the tablet out of his hands and reached out to set it on the nightstand. He then threw a leg over Steve's lap to straddle him, and Steve bent his knees and pulled his legs up to provide more of a balance for Tony as he straddled his waist, his arms draped over Steve's shoulders, and his belly brushing against Steve's rock-hard abdomen.
Steve nodded, and, palms sweating just a bit and heart racing a tad, he went to make the first move, but he'd never actually been the one to initiate a kiss before so he really didn't know what he was doing. Thankfully, Tony seemed aware of this, and he tipped his head and reached up to capture Steve's lips with his own. Steve let him, moving his arms around Tony's smaller frame, letting himself get caught up into it as he followed Tony's lead and hoped he wasn't embarrassing himself too much. If he was, Tony didn't say anything. Tony just moved so one hand cupped Steve's face while the other grasped his shoulder, their mouths met in slow, languid kisses that truly were the most intimate and wonderful thing Steve had ever done with anyone.
He grabbed some cleaner and wiped the vinyl of the table down, and he found a clean sheet in one of the storage cabinets and draped it over. He was about to grab a pillow off the couch so he'd have something to lay against when one hell of a pain hit him, and he sucked in a breath and squeezed his eyes shut, bracing his hands against the table as he leaned forward some and tried to wait out the sensation. He dug his fingernails into the vinyl and grit his teeth and began to count backwards from a hundred just for something to take his mind off the horrible, horrible feeling wracking his body, and when it was over, the only thing he could be bothered to mutter was a quiet, "
"What did I tell you?" he said, low, lustful. "Eyes on me."
Now, Peggy Carter, on the other hand...
your 'Papa,' so stop acting like I give a shit about your existence beyond figuring out how the fuck soon I can get you back to where you belong."
Ella's face went a little soft at that. "Well, no one really knows for certain what happened to her, but it's presumed she died then."
"Hmm? Nothing. Bullshit work," he said, letting Steve kiss him but not acknowledging anything beyond that.
(To be honest, he wondered what such a dame saw in a reprobate like Tony Stark. Evidently she suffered fools gladly in a way that someone like Peggy…God,
Tony snorted a laugh. "My talking through you fucking—"
He panted out a breath, and he swallowed and pushed away from the back wall of the elevator and took a few slow, unsure steps off the car and onto the main floor of the common area. He took in the sight before him of his friends, all standing there looking both confused and abashed, balloons filling the air and confetti littering every discernable surface with colorful streamers canopying from the ceiling and a big 'HAPPY BIRTHDAY!' banner hung from one corner to another. There was a table stacked with colorfully-wrapped gifts to one side and two others that were set up like a buffet.
"I don't know!" She scoffed. "What do you think I am? Your cosmic personal assistant?"
He went over and sat down on the couch, perching uneasily on the edge of a cushion, and he looked down at the small swell of his abdomen and swallowed and put a hand to it, rubbing protectively like he could somehow will all the evil away, like he could instill some sort of protection against the elements — or Hydra — by touch alone.
Dear lord, the insanity his life had become!
"Yeah, well…" Tony said but offered nothing substantial beyond that.
Don't even. I don't want— I can't— I need—"
"Look, I know it sounds crazy, but come on, you people have lived through the last several years. Is this really any stranger than
"Yeah. You're kind of…hard to take for people that don't know you?"
Tony glanced to Bruce. "What the hell did you have him on?"
He always felt like he was intruding on a private moment when he came upon that — no doubt he was — and so he would duck away quietly and either climb into bed or go poke his head in their daughter's room to make sure she was OK. When he met up with Tony later, he pretended to be none-the-wiser, and Tony never breathed a word of what he'd been doing, but Steve hated that he had to struggle with it — struggle alone with it. But he didn't want to overstep. They were married, and if some crazy space creature was right, they were soul mates whose lives had been intertwined for a very long time, but that didn't give him the right to force Tony to tell him what was bothering him. If Tony wanted to talk about it, he would — or he'd make those weird overtures where he didn't want to be the one to bring it up, but he would act so odd that Steve would have no choice but to ask him what was wrong. But he hadn't done anything like that yet, and if it really was bothering him the way Steve thought it was, he would bring it up when he was good and ready to discuss it.
"Rather knock his pants off."
"It's going to have to do," Bruce said then frowned at Tony's clothes and said, "Do you have something to cover yourself with?"
Is there something I should know? Is he planning something? Oh, god, he really
"I can't believe you haven't changed that ring tone," Tony said as Steve picked up his phone to look at it.
"Yeah, well," he said and shrugged. "It was kind of easy. Both wanted our best pals' names. Luckily for us, both of them are named 'James.' Flipped a coin for the middle name. I lost that one."
He shook his head. "Honestly? No. I think he was happy to get rid of them. I think he thought it was weird that his grandfather even had them in the first place."
"Getting back in here without me or Steve to override it?"
"Why?"
"Barton, say one more word, and I'll strangle you with your bow. Understood?" Tony snapped and began to follow Steve back away from the field. "Babe?" he said and joined in-step with Steve. "It's not the end of the world."
Tony nodded his understanding. He set his fork down and put his hands on the edge of the table to push himself away, and he got up and went over to Steve, and he put a gentle hand to Steve's face and turned it to him.
"Jeez, Tones," Rhodey mused beside him, "you're…really going all out with this, aren't you?" Tony just ran the color stick over his bottom lip and then his top before he pressed his lips together to even out the color.
"Oh, then problem solved," Bruce said. "It was the boyfriend, wasn't it?"
"Is that 'cuz Daddy was lazy 'n' didn't push th' button again?"
out of my body. I lie awake at night wondering how I'm going to fuck this up, I have tried to think through every scenario possible for how some asshole from Hydra or AIM or even my own fucking government could get their hands on me or
"Really?"
be your catch- all. The rest of the team makes fun of you for it when they're not asking you whether you invented fire or the wheel."
"He'll be back,
"Whatever," Tony muttered, unable to think of a comeback quickly enough.
No, he was, actually. It was because of Steve.
parties in our very own government that are more open to the idea that Iron Man got himself turned into a woman and impregnated by Captain America than you might think. The governments of the world have been trying to make more super soldiers since the very first one came off the assembly line. Most of them have been miserable failures. Your very own Doctor Banner can probably attest to that."
Steve laughed. "Will wonders never cease?"
Slowly, Steve removed the photos from the box, grasping them in one hand and setting the box to the side with the other. A serious frown covering his face, he stared down at the photos, looking through them one-by-one. Tony bit his lip some more as he tried to decipher what the looks on Steve's face meant, and he even wrung his hands together somewhat when Steve was going over his fifth look-through of the photos, that serious frown never flickering for a moment.
They coasted up the roadway, the traffic a steady flow even at this time of evening. The Friday evening rush was all but over, and the tunnels and bridges were presumably pretty clear by that point, not that Tony knew exactly where Steve was taking them. 'Upstate' really could mean anything from Westchester to Buffalo to Albany and everything in between. Knowing SHIELD, it was probably in the bumfuckiest part of the state.
"No," he said without a thought. "Am I more nervous now? Maybe. But I'm not disappointed. How could I be?" He shrugged. "She's ours. She's you and me. We made a baby together. How could I be disappointed in that?"
"Oh, good," Tony muttered. "More people to eat me out of house and home."
Oh, yeah. That was… That was something he'd have to do, wasn't it? Unless she was old enough to bathe herself. Was four old enough for that? She clearly could use the toilet without help.
"What about Peggy? I mean, I don't mean to pry—"
"Yeah, OK. Fine. Maybe that— But, uh, there's a 'Wanda.' You know any Wandas? Or Visions, for that matter?"
"Look, I get that this whole thing is amusing for you—"
a 'Daddy'?
He exhaled a breath, almost ashamed to say the words. "Tony has said several times that if I wanted to...if I wanted to get back into doing art — go back to sketching or painting, maybe go back to art school — he would support me. That I could do that — that I didn't have to, uh, earn my keep."
A bedroom. His bedroom in New York. In the Tower.
think you sense something, but the only 'bond' I can feel with Steve is the one that forms when he sticks his dick inside of me."
"Lost the coin toss," Wilson said with an easy shrug.
"What's true for Steve?"
The future. Good God, how he hated it.
"Good," Tony said, and before he knew what was happening, Tony's hand slid from the small of his back to the curve of his backside and gave it a squeeze and a gentle but firm pat. He marched off as though nothing had happened, but Steve stayed rooted in his spot, floored, wondering if he'd imagined it, and, if not, wondering what it meant. He stayed there, mouth agape and head tilted just the slightest, until Tony turned back to him and, with his lips twisted in a smile and something salacious twinkling in his eyes, asked, "Coming?"
Now, the bigger question: Who topped, and who bottomed? Or did they take turns? He had to admit that he himself probably wouldn't really
"Or what?" Other Tony asked. "If you're looking for a conspiracy, there isn't one. I don't know how he got the photos, and I'm not sure what makes you think I'm being anything less than on-the-level with you."
Steve sighed, and he pulled his hands away from his face and said, "Why is it always
This one statement earned a thirty-second exchange from Wilson and Barton about the 'Judean People's Front' and the 'People's Front of Judea' and ended with them both yelling, "Splitter!" at Bruce.
"Well, clearly, your daddy's an idiot. An old man and an idiot."
"You suck so beautifully," Steve whispered in his ear. "You're so good at it. I love to watch your lips stretch over my cock and over my fingers. I wish you could see yourself. I wish you could see how beautiful you look doing this."
"Does it?" he asked and looked down at himself.
and motioned over himself and said, "I think the answer to that question speaks for itself."
But Steve just laughed some, and Wilson said to no one particular, "Hey, could someone pass me the milk?"
"When I was a woman, Steve knocked me up. He didn't do it intentionally. Neither one of us thought about that. We were idiots, I know that now, all right? I already got enough shit from the peanut gallery over that. Anyway, Steve knocked me up, and you know that crazy cosmic lady I was telling you about? She's fucking nuts. She's some sort of goddess of fertility or something like that. Anyway, she turned me back into a woman so I could carry the fetus to term without it causing too many problems, because, let's face it, my other body?
I want to feel the sun on my face and the fresh air in my lungs! I want— I want—"
Natasha just looked at him, and Tony knew the answer before she'd even opened her mouth.
"He is," Tony replied and took a sip of water. He nodded his thanks to the host, who nodded back and left them.
"Huh?" she asked, looking at him in confusion.
He shook his head. "I don't know if I—"
"I, uh, I had a dream— Or I
"Yeah?" Steve said, not relaxing from his tense stance, his gaze focused on the being before him.
"Well, when it involves my husband finding a fucking tablet more interesting than me, yeah, kinda."
, that's not gonna happen."
"Sorry, Rhodes," Bruce said, amusement coloring his voice, "but I don't think it tastes as good coming from your plate as it does Steve's."
"What? I'm just trying to explain why we didn't have any condoms on us and didn't even think of using them."
"Yeah," Tony said. "What else would you call her?"
"I still feel like I missed something," Barton muttered, and Wilson said, "Yeah? Well, I'm gonna be missing my lunch if I have to keep watching this."
He just nodded and tightened his hold on Tony's hand ever so gently, and though he was supposed to be the one in the lead, he followed Tony's and tried to match him movement for movement and sway for sway. He splayed his hand over the small of Tony's back, pressing against it with a gentle amount of pressure, pushing Tony closer to his hip, flush to the point that two had very nearly become one. He swallowed and tried not to focus on the feel of that or the scent of Tony that was a combination of sweat and metal and coffee and musky cologne that had just about worn off. He went to close his eyes to keep from staring down at the genius in his arms, but he stopped himself at the last second when he realized how that might look, and he instead darted his eyes around the lab, inspecting the various elements he found there. He let his ear tune in the words of the song again, and when it got to the chorus, he suddenly realized—
He hadn't counted on how things would actually play out when he did eventually get married, and to be honest, he was actually rather disappointed he could probably never get any more mileage out of that diamond and sapphire band. That wasn't just gorgeous to look at, it had sentimental value as well.
"It's not
Steve let out another one of those exhaled laughs.
He just grunted and started trying to drag the suit, which, as it turned out, was a little heavier than he remembered it being. "The fuck?" he muttered as he dropped the legs and looked at his arms.
Or Howard Stark, he supposed, now that he thought about it. Stark could run some improvements on him. It would give him something to do. Hey, if he was Stark's property (ho boy, he really should have read the fine print on those papers he'd signed!), he didn't have much of a choice, now did he? Dear God, tangled up with Howard Stark for the rest of his life. He wasn't sure he'd survive it.
about it."
"Yeah? What are the words you'd use then?"
as good a person then as I am now. And even now—"
Natasha's said.
"You wanted to wrap it in something, wrap it in newspaper."
amazing for doing it."
"Ugh," Tony muttered and made a face, "you just got friend-zoned. Sorry, sweetums."
Jesus, Johann had made allusions to that, and Steve hadn't liked in the least the way he'd looked as he'd said it.
This was the little girl that had come into his life like a whirlwind and left just as quickly, the little girl that had gotten him wrapped around her little finger in record time, the little chatterbox that had unwittingly ruined one good relationship on him only to help steer him into the arms of the best thing that had ever happened to him. This was her, this tiny little ball of righteous fury, the one he'd convinced himself for so long he could never have and was never his to begin with. But she was. She was his, and she'd always been his, and here she was back where she belonged, back in the embrace of the man that had braved time and space to steal her back, the one that had met her long before Tony ever had.
