The thought of someone touching Sherlock’s feet like that made him slightly unwell.
There was silence for a second or two as we all dealt with jizz. The judge continued.
John instantly thinks of Burt Lancaster and smiles politely. "I'm the man who found your bird, yes."
“I do. And sorry, I don’t mean like a friend. I mean like I love you like people in books and movies purport love each other. Like I could grab you and dance with you. Like I want to hold your hand when we go out together. I love you like a normal person falls in love with some one and it’s romantic and cherubs nest in the corners of their room or whatever happens. I love you like – “
It's all very disappointing.
I couldn’t work it out. The things I loved about him – well, the things I could readily identify – weren’t surprising: he was brave, loyal, intelligent, quick witted, ethical, a man of principal.
“Yeah.” Adrienne was looking over the judge’s shoulder at the clock on the wall.
So he followed me to my room, lay down with me and kissed me. There was no hesitation. It was wonderful, more satisfying and much more meaningful than I expected. I hadn’t realised how much you can say to a person when you kiss them, probably because I’d never been in love with a person like I am with John Watson.
We also got to the see the victim himself, but since the autopsy had been performed, he had been cleaned and most of the most important clues washed away.
“Was there?”
For he has spoilt my body for anyone else.
“You may have been a captain but I would have been your superior due to my age and my extensive qualifications. I am an expert in aeronautical engineering.”
“I heard.” ‘John surprised me yet again by quoting the story in an unexpected high voice. “ ‘Mew mew mew! In the well is fair Lupina! You have nothing but Pepina!’ ”
At this stage there was no substantial proof to permit accusation of any of the suspects.
“On the beach!” John adds.
And every blithering fact or achievement is the purpose of a meeting. What could be established in three minutes often stretches over ninety. Sometimes people make power point presentations. Just the sound of a laptop opening in the meeting room makes John (if he's awake) want to howl.
John tightened his grip on my arm. “So what happened?”
Better to answer than to have John assuming something was actually wrong.
John's leg is starting to hurt again.
And off she went. Mycroft sat himself down on the couch and held out his arms.
“Raw meat? Can you tell us that story now?”
Mycroft helped his little brother hang the picture on the wall near his bed.
It is constructed from membrane
While Sherlock scrambled another apology, John rubbed his face, closed his hand over his mouth and squeezed, trapping everything else he wanted to say. They moved around one another in an awkward dance – Sherlock with his hands outstretched, still trying after all these months to reconcile, while John shook his head in a poor effort to loosen his grief.
“Oh God,” he says softly.
John rested his book on Sherlock’s head. “I’ve got three more pages. Shut up until then.”
John mischievously asks Sherlock if he’d like to help, but Sherlock has tired of Toby and has slunk back on his seat, eyes closed, to contemplate John’s matchmaking effort. His answer is brief.
“After nine years? Possible, but not likely. It’s hard to say with so little detail. Why would he kill himself after eight years? Why would he abduct his child at all? Was the girlfriend involved?”
The stress of the arrest has dislodged the murderous cabbie's aneurysm and he expires in a greying heap as the large gelatinous clot bursts in his brain.
Sally Donovan, a sergeant who mostly wishes me dead or imprisoned, was most appreciative and a bit resentful. I knew this because she didn’t say anything for a few moments.
John is patient, takes the stranger by the good elbow and shepherds him into the cab. "We're going to St Bart's, thanks," he tells the driver.
“I’ve been to seen the mother,” he says to Molly, “and I got some of her hair for the DNA test.”
Jenny knows immediately that John and Sherlock have solved the case.
John is strangely proud. “Oh my! Aren’t you lucky? That is a lovely pencil. Where does it go?”
Albion disagreed strongly with this. He roared endlessly. What kind of moron are you, he bellowed at me, letting this harridan drive a needle into my arm? She’s stealing my BLOOD, you imbecile.
“How much organization does it need?” John wants to know over breakfast a few days later. “Can’t we just go to Chelsea Town Hall and sign the papers?”
John is still wearing the latex gloves, so he lifts himself to take it from the bag.
“No. It’s just that I can still remember what it felt like and it was – well, it was unpleasant.”
“Dr Ludwig Bails, MA, MD, PhD (Zurich), consulting psychiatrist,” Sherlock reads from the small, dignified brass plate near the door of the clinic where Eurus is about to start her formal education.
I knew nothing of he sort. John Watson seemed farther away from me than he’d been before we met.  It seemed pointless to say this so I just gave her a kind smile. “Say hello to Toby for me.”
“Um, yes. 9am to 4pm every week day.”
Godzilla doesn’t disappoint. It’s her favourite game. Her she comes now, twenty-seven inches of baby girl in a pink onesie and a blonde topknot, Bonnie Jean Sherlock Holmes Watson, storming through the coloured blocks, squealing at her brother and father and straight into my arms.
“No. Not at all. It’s just a lot to take in. You think you know a person and then you find out they have straight boy pain.” John walks back to the kitchen to wipe the counter. “Sherlock, if someone’s led you on, or – you know, just been a dick to you, you’d tell me, wouldn’t you?”
“There is nowhere within a five mile radius to eat,” John complains.
Sherlock waits  patiently on the  couch,  stretched  to  his  full  length,  hands  pressed  lightly
On this cold Friday night, with just under nine miles between them, John is trying to rouse himself from the floor.
Mrs Hudson likes those kinds of details.
And now he can tick off everything from his list.
“You had bought your home?” John asks.
"Yes, thank you, I haven't forgotten." John gathers some papers from his desk and pats around other papers, looking for his biro. The unnamed person walks away but Shona stays there, watching him closely. He's rather cute, even with the cane. She might have a chance here.
John recognises the name immediately. Amarita is, of course., legendary amongst any doctor who has trained in London in the last thirty years. "Professor Crisp!" he says excitedly. "You were one of my examiners in third year for general cardiology!"
"I think it matters enormouthly." Sherlock feels the gentle fingers move a little further down his face. He's not been this close to any person for any purpose in years, except when he kissed his parents. Which doesn't count. John smells like freshly cut wood.
“Yes. In fact, you are forbidden to consider any other scenario.”
For he is plasma.
When I wasn’t wondering why I loved John Watson, I had physical therapy to restore the strength in my abdominal wall, and I had to attend a 12 step therapy program which I’d done before with some success.
He holds them for a long time, smiles at them wanly, strokes the little metal globules that make up the chain on which they hang and finally, with a little awkwardness, hangs them back around his neck. They're cold, but he knows his heart will warm the up in no time at all.
Adumbrate
She's in a slightly different position than the other four; it seems she hasn't collapsed as quickly as the others had. Her body is twisted; one hand clutches at the ground and the other is flung out behind her as if she tried to turn around and look up at something.
“Be a pirate?”
A thrill of amazement floods John again. Her every little accomplishment is extraordinary to him. She is three, but she can count, and knows her letters, and better still, can communicate these concepts to him.
“Hello, little fella! You feeling better now?”
“No, of course I expected sex when we took our clothes off and I could see your frankly impressive erection. No, I mean this.” He makes a vague gesture with his hands. “We’re not friends anymore – I mean, we’re friends, obviously” –
But the loveliness was gone and Sherlock didn’t want to risk losing John with it, for it is better to die inwardly with John around than to live in loveliness without him.
A little later she curls up in an immobile circle on the lounge room floor, which makes it very easy for John to sneak up and lift her gently into the cage. She's instantly furious and her loud, frightened miaows snag his heart. Captain! What the jiggering fuck! Why am I in a cage, Captain? Get me out of here now! That's an order!
“Many times.”
I automatically held him closer and my throat constricted so severely I could barely squeak. In the background I heard footsteps coming up the stairs and Mrs Hudson opened the door.
I had a baby.
They cut the roast into small piece for Rosie, and she gets two Yorkshire puddings in her bowl too.
For he added curtains.
“It’s odd, isn’t it?” Sherlock agrees.
It seems like ages since he was last there.
“Well, I suppose we have.”
He taught me everything I know.
“This is my brother and the nanny,” I told Ms Powers.
“But wouldn’t she have to agree to that?”
“We can never be bonding for as long as I have to take orders from the British Army,” Anya said as she sipped her tea, which she likes very strong and black.
Clean and fresh and shining like a conker, John popped his head into the lounge room and grinned at Sherlock, who sat passively behind his microscope, harvesting miniscule specks of residue from a sparrow’s feather.
No it bloody wasn’t. It wasn’t okay.
“Because this is an extremely delicate matter, Dr. Watson, and I cannot afford to let three unauthorised and unaccounted-for
“And the fail-deadly?’
A sinking horror settled into my stomach and fear threatened to spill out of my throat. Terror curled its tendrils around me and clouded my brain even as I hailed a cab back to Bart’s.
“Why?” the wolf whined.
“And not a moment too soon!” Skye chimed in. “There’s Mycroft on the stair. Nickel, nip up the stairs now, there’s a good man. John, Sherlock, I trust I can leave you alone without having to intervene?”
forgive you if you do,” I told him, my voice strangled.
Skye bounded out of the gloom, holding a smoking pistol, followed by Phoenix. The blond smirked. “Basically…
“I might be more of a wolf than we expected. I, uh, tracked the scents,” I revealed, willing myself not to blush in shame at my lupine traits showing, even if I’d been so grateful for them a short while ago.
Shortly after I posted the above, my phone received some texts from Phoenix:
Skye suddenly bared his teeth. It wasn’t a threatening move, as some sort of instinct in me recognised. It was a show of dominance, a contest. I bared my own teeth back and growled.
When he was tired, we all felt it. When he was angry, we all felt it. When he was sad and frustrated and felt like kicking a wall… let’s just say Sherlock had more than the bullet holes to add to his rent share that month. Skye would always keep him in check somehow, but I had a feeling that whatever Phoenix was doing, he wasn’t doing it on purpose. He was just projecting out of sheer negligence not to.
” he’d told me. “
“Er… I think we’ve got a bar or two kicking around the crisper somewhere. I’ll go have a look.”
to.” His eagerness surprised me. There was almost urgency in his voice. I looked over at Skye for support – after all, he didn’t ask anyone for help on his full moons – but he was gone, and the door was slightly ajar.
Sherlock darted up and ordered his brother out; he was swiftly and surprisingly obeyed, Mycroft shifting glances at Skye’s claws and fangs. Looking horrified, Skye sat on his haunches and flicked his tail at me. Somehow, I understood what his body language was saying:
I sighed with relief and – oh, recognition. John’s patience soaked through those words so thoroughly I could almost believe it was my flatmate and not his wolf talking.
“Only if we can come too,” RJ said firmly. Looking distantly out the window so as to appear distracted, I muttered an agreement. There was a bit of an argument that I phased through, until John’s “Sherlock? Something weird” had everyone freezing as the door opened and he stumbled into the battlefield. “Oh. Case?”
. You stay here, if you want, but
,” he’d explained. “
Small Wolf settled himself on the sofa, though Sherlock made a face, no doubt about the hair the creature would undoubtedly shed. The wolf only sniffed at him.
Reyalon glanced at RJ and a Phoenix whose eyes were blazing with anger. “Did I do something bad?”
“I don't think I would enjoy it, John,” Sherlock replied. “It stopped being fun when things got personal. I don't like being toyed with at all.”
, John. He didn’t just appear out of thin air; his personality had to come from somewhere.
“Nobody move,” Skye purred, the sound no more existent than light. It was more a thought than anything else. “I made this vacuum, and only I can let you out of it.”
I already knew which ones had been passing the information around, how many of the group were really werewolves, and which areas those packs of werewolves were based in. What I didn’t know was who the leak was and what the intel was about, so I couldn’t figure out what their target was. I caught up my phone to text my brother, annoyed with his tendency to withhold necessary clues.
, for God’s sake. How could that ever be a blessing?
Sherlock jumped.
He jumped me. The boy jumped me! He pinned me to the ground and snarled, “For now, John Watson, I’m alpha. And you don’t question that.” With that, he clapped my shoulder and helped me up, only to be grabbed by Sherlock. “Don’t you dare,” he barked at the kid.
. In a macabre replay of (apparently) ‘Hansel and Gretel’ from the fairy tales, Moriarty had tracked down a kidnapper with a shoe size and height that was strangely similar to my own, based on the footprints he left. All he left the kids to eat was mercury-poisoned chocolate, and since the boy was older, it meant he was hungrier, meaning he ate more of the mercury and came closer to dying than his sister. On the whole, it was somewhere between an eight and a nine; perfect for me.
I knew he knew I knew he had a silver bullet created. I refused to give voice to the pain that washed over me when I realized it. John was John, didn’t he see that? Despite being bitten, he was still his loyal, brave, patient self – if a little less patient than he was used to. He would never become a monster. I decided to ignore the issue, even if the relevant place in my mind palace now noted the location of that bullet.
I never bothered playing inside, mostly because a lot of the other residents were living on the edge of their nerve endings and likely to implode in reaction to the most mundane stimulus, or they were idiots.
“Yes, they’re pretty spectacular, aren’t they?”
And then Albion reminded me that I am an idiot who just happens to be blessed with the love of two of the greatest males in the world and roared like a banshee for his late night meal service.
We were quiet for a few seconds and then his laughter, his silliest, most adorable laughter, diffused the whole tortuous thing.
“I was hoping to. Are you – do you want me to find somewhere to – I could go to – “
Sherlock sighs. “Some Serbians aren’t very nice. Especially when you try and intercept their criminal behaviour.”
“Did the Prince like not having a heart?”
There are no cases, there is no intrigue. He has texted Lestrade, he has scoured all the papers, he has banged the keys on his laptop because there's nothing in his inbox, he texted Lestrade again. In a moment or two he sends him another text.
Sherlock can’t think of a way to dilute it. “Yes, I had the wounds and yes, it hurt when you knocked me over.”
He lays down on the floor to talk to her.
What kind of cat is John Watson?
Mummy was grateful to feel both children safe and warm with her. She could barely think about Victor, because the loss of a child was too gruesome a subject to contemplate.
For he uses his body to shield me from harm.
The electricity fills the cab for a while before John speaks again. "So how come no one knows about you? I mean, why aren't you in all the papers and being followed by a TV crew?"
"I have no idea. Have you got the first volume of the Broken Beer Bottle file?"
Lestrade looked horrified. “Whose pants?”
John yawned again and made his way to the kitchen. “I’m going to make an early breakfast. I’m starving. You want something?”
“There’s a letter here from Pembroke College, Cambridge.”
Mummy and Papa are helpless. This drama seems like something that only happens to other people.
"Nice to meet you, Doctor Watson."
Mrs Hudson let Detective Lestrade in.
If he’d kept notes and made charts, Sherlock would now have unassailable scientific proof:  poetry makes sex better.
John was somewhat sad while Sherlock was somewhat exasperated.
“No,” Mrs Best says, watching the shoe the whole time.
“It wasn’t his fault,” John Watson said quickly. “I told you, Lestrade called us over while we were having a late afternoon walk. We had no reason to think there would be any danger.”
It was sad, but John smiled at her and said, “Well, you’ve made up for lost time.”
It is a long careful procedure to remove the child’s body from the cold cellar. John has pointed out that they must keep her cold so that she doesn’t disintegrate in the fresh air. The ambulance officers who retrieve her pack the body bag with ice.
I need a piece of pulmonary artery.
“That polish on your toenails has got to go.”
“I might have persuaded you. Offered an acceptable alternative. But you were surprisingly amenable to it. Really, I wouldn't mind spending a few nights each month ensuring that you don't do anything that you might regret later,” Sherlock said with a half-smile.
“I know you can fight your own battles but – she shouldn't be enemy. She should be
I texted him the vague area.
your source? Moriarty is Richard Brook?” My voice was quieter than I thought it would be.
“It’s… an adequate description,” Sherlock replied, looking rather sheepish. “But you enjoyed it.”
“Can I patch you up? You don’t look too good.”
“So the fail-safe is programmed for just five voices: yours, Sherlock’s, mine, Phoenix’s, and Skye’s. I put in Sherlock’s because I thought you’d like the touch.” RJ smiled sadly, though I thought I saw mischief at the edges. “The fail-safe unlocks the memories so you can access them again, then dissolves the system so that the trigger phrase is safe to use afterwards, without any fear of your memories being messed with.”
; it would be useless even as an experiment.
So this was what Phoenix had held back on telling us. I exchanged a look with Sherlock to the effect of
As I've said, this is the last chapter I've written for a while. Thank you again to NovaNara for this amazing story!
Small Wolf whined eagerly, and rubbed against my legs. He was behaving like a very large dog – in fact, though I’d dubbed him Small Wolf, he was a tad bigger than a German shepherd. If I had to guess, he would match a well-fed, muscular male grey wolf. I looked at Sherlock. “Do we bring the wolf?”
“What about you?” I snapped. “You’re no less a civilian than Sherlock is. I’m not; I’m an invalided soldier.”
I listened, paralyzed, as he talked on, ‘explaining’ how he’d faked all the deduction bits and how Moriarty was right. “This phone call – it’s, er… it’s my note.”
you like the bloody wolf,” John muttered bitterly.
“No!” I shouted. “Don’t you dare, Skye or whatever your name is!”
It was shaking.
RJ buried his face in his hands, leaning against his boyfriend who put an arm around him. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry.” I could only look confused as RJ burst into quiet tears in front of me.
I definitely liked this better. I made a note to try and duplicate the circumstances in the future.
I transformed that night, and I was miserable. Skye tried to get me to come run with him, but my wolf and I were both too sad, to put it lightly. In the end, I ended up riding out the full moon nights either haunting the streets of London like a ghost, or buried in one of the boys’ sleeping bags in the upstairs room as the piled around me – a sort of sad sleepover, if you will.
A smaller gold-and-silver wolf, this one with a very clear bushy tail, was savaging the larger one, and snapping at it threateningly. I took it that the growling was meant to be a reply to the smaller one’s accusations.
I thought hazily – snapped the bustle, and a woozy silence fell. “John,” Phoenix’s voice; patient and ragged and blurry at the edges. “John, it’s – it’s okay, John, look at me –”
), and used to carrying a satchel (
Wolf-John stalked towards me. Time to make my attempt.
Phoenix had confirmed mentally.
. “If I’m your mate, respect me.”
It seemed that the best thing to do for this case was to put it on the back burner for the moment, letting RJ and Phoenix handle it as much as possible until any further developments presented themselves. However, that meant that I would now be able to address the issue of John knowing and consenting to the wolf’s actions the day they rescued me. “John,” I said idly, some days after the incident. “Do you feel any more… wolfish, lately?”
He laughed. “And called them very, very bad doggies.”
Mycroft and Phoenix, fortunately, were there to help. Otherwise, I’d just have given Moriarty the perfect gun for my death: John, or rather, danger to John. That would force me to do anything.
I thought for a moment before the conclusion blinked into my mind’s eyes like the sign of Angelo’s on date night. I swiped my finger beside the laptop. “We need to ask about the dusting.”
to you is small enough that it’s a safe trigger.”
“I know, I know,” he murmured. “I know, love. I didn’t want to lose you either. The only way you could lose me is by sending me away yourself, and even then I think the wolf would have some protestations.”
Aleksandr rolled his eyes. “I came here because I’m the informant and I couldn’t find anyone to report to back in RJ and Phoenix’s flat.” The young king raised an eyebrow at them. “You know, you two, when you’re waiting for an informant to report to you, you usually stay in a place they can find you.”
“So, what’s the news?”
I noticed that for someone bitten by a werewolf and supposed to be dying of blood loss, I felt considerably good. “Put pressure on the wound,” I instructed anyway.
What got to me was how Aleksandr just lay there and took it, his eyes closed against any possible blows. He made no move to defend himself, said nothing to justify anything, only lay still and let his brother have his way. I drew the inevitable conclusion, and it saddened me: Aleksandr thought he
” I snapped at him. “And the plan failed – I still turned into a monster.”
“I’m just the flatmate.”
he admitted.
needed to put on a performance for the funeral, and I was never a very good actor. Me being me, I probably wouldn’t have done well enough for a bereaved lover. On the other side of everything, I was rather glad that he hadn’t seen me when my PTSD and my grief were driving me insane. “No, I think that’s going to be fine,” I replied, and I meant it. If it wasn't now, it would be.
“First of all, the wolf isn’t a
I curled up sulkily; that, apparently, was all the answer he needed. He sighed. “I don’t want to.” His tone turned affectionate and lightly exasperated. “See, this is what happens when you assume things. You get it all wrong.”
Sherlock sprang up in frustration. “I don’t know why I expected you to be serious, Nordskov. Stop spinning me fairy tales and give me facts. Cold, hard facts that I can work with.”
RJ whispered to me.
But there definitely was something weird about him.
Ignoring the sting, I had my answer. John and Wolf-John had different personalities, with opposite wishes; different personalities who evidently didn’t like each other very much. I was caught in the middle, and much to my misfortune, I quite liked both of them. In truth, I liked John far too much. It would indubitably break me, sooner rather than later… but I did not have the willpower to do anything about it.
“John.”
“Um, no.”
Vain hope, of course.
(bold and underlined at Sherlock’s insistence), so kindly avoid it in the near future, should you happen to see us about.
“Well, for one, RJ is shorter than Phoenix.”
has attacked you!” John exclaimed, throwing out his hands. “Why on earth are you asking me to trust a creature that would attack
I leaned down and whispered, “Mycroft.”
Sitting down in my chair, I flashed Aleksandr the briefest of toothed grins to show him that Skye was part of my pack and I wouldn’t tolerate anything hostile towards him.
“I guess the game is on, then,” I agreed joyfully.
“Any chocolate?”
“I just want to help, John,” he said, subdued.
To my relief, John relented.
Suddenly I crashed back into myself, staring into a startled Sherlock’s iridescent eyes as I gave him a quick kiss and curled protectively around him. I took in the scene: Skye, standing at one end of the room, his eyes a luminous electric blue; and Kitty in the centre, frozen and enveloped in shadows.
“I just want to be certain no one is … tormenting you.”
The dead man has taken one substantial blow to the face and lies flat on his back, eyes fixed at the ceiling while small streams of blood and pale fluid dry on his face.
“He looks like you,” she decided after almost forty seconds.
I want you to start signing your name with a capital letter. You're NOT a common noun.
"Your dad and Mycroft's assistant play scrabble?"
We had a brief, wordless tussle as we looked for our pants, inadvertently put on each other’s pants  and crept out to the kitchen where Mrs Watson
“Not really. He wants to find a mate.  As his species evolved it learnt the best way to attract a mate was with bright objects and a ready-made nest. It’s no different from you wearing a clean shirt when we go to dinner together.”
"That is of no importance," Mycroft says stiffly. "How do you know my brother?"
By the time Lestrade and the youth liaison officer have arrived, Sherlock has walked nearly three kilometers
“Not Mycroft, no. But you, yes. Albion, yes. How does it perplex you? Do you want me to come up with another word? My Holmies, maybe?”
molly
“Through friends.” Which was, of course, true, provided you didn’t examine it too closely.
The room was disordered and slovenly. Clothes hung over all available surfaces, the bed was unmade, shoes and purses and magazines were scattered all over the floor. The collection of possessions and pictures and the small indicators of her life and interests were pathetic, a little embarrassing to him. She was thirty two or something, may be older, but she lived like a teenager amongst ornaments of coloured clowns and pictures of her with friends in party frocks and a picture of nanna - hers or maybe someone else's - and a picture of her dog, posed besides a tapestry of a dog - all this coloured detritus that represented only parties and possession. No books, no hobbies, nothing in staid colours, only pink and baby blue and yellow.
Sherlock moves a few items quickly and places the pizzas and beer on the coffee table. He turns to John, who is standing with his hands behind his back, waiting to see if he was right about this.
“You really are rather brilliant, aren’t you?” Sherlock says when his toenails are done. They glow like the under side of a rook’s wing.
“She left.”
They eat in silence for a few seconds and then John can contain it no longer. “Who would I be, the owl or the pussycat?”
"Oh, and my brother will abduct you shortly."
Sherlock.
It was wonderful to realise we were both the worst kind of virgins for each other.
John Watson and I were a cold case. We had a corpse of a relationship, a few clues as to motive but there simply wasn’t enough evidence to work out what had happened and who was responsible.
Then there were chocolates. Obviously eating chocolates was lovely but why make a gift of them? They could buy chocolates any time. John occasionally bought chocolate biscuits. There were chocolates in the newsagents, great big rows of them which Sherlock considered lunch in some circumstances. Chocolates were practical, not romantic. Besides, no chocolate could in any way illustrate, for Sherlock, the depth and intensity of his feeling for John.
I was on the couch, rocking Albion at four thirty in the morning. He continued crying because he liked the way his voice sounded when his body was swayed gently.
John was sneaking me out of hospital, we supposed, without Mycroft’s knowledge but it is likely he hovered over us anyway like the dangerous all-seeing spider that he is.  I thought now was a good time to tell John Watson that I loved him.
“Oh, hello, gorgeous boy! Aren’t you just exactly like your dad!” Sally tapped his little apple cheek and elicited a tiny shy smile. “He’s the living image of you, Sherlock! He’s just beautiful. Is he dressed like John on purpose?”
I was thrilled to see that John Watson looked very well. His skin was clear and smooth and his eyes quite bright.
Strangely, that did the trick and left me perfectly placid. Sherlock
When I pictured the horrified look John would inevitably have when he found out, it was much easier to resist. I stopped shaking. “There’s a thing called consent. I don’t know if you’ve heard of it,” I replied, sarcastically; “but it’s actually necessary for whatever you have in mind.”
Then a loud thump signalled that Skye had pounced on the impostor; the boy was shaking him and shrieking like mad. My surprised brain barely had the time to register that the language was unintelligible before a startled RJ began inputting the English translations into it. “I thought you were dead!” Skye screamed. “You made me think – how
And this is… a bit of a shout-out to some friends of ours who may or may not have seen this coming. Well, if any of them happen to be reading my blog, which is a bit of a shot in the dark because I don’t know if they even know I have a blog. Hey, you three, you know who you are. Thanks for taking the case so this could happen.
when most friends would have only be shak
I nuzzled into his neck, then nipped it sharply. He yelped; it was good to see Sherlock Holmes startled for a bit. “You could’ve
I took a breath and handed him the slip of paper with the phrase on it. “I need you to say those two words. Nothing’s wrong, it’s just… it’s just kind of a – a trigger thing. I’ll be okay, whatever happens. Just remember that I’ll be okay. It’s just a side-effect. It’ll be over soon. The boys – that’s Skye, RJ, and Phoenix, by the way – the boys did it to protect me.”
I’d brought my camera phone with me, and I took some pictures of Wolf-John, who consented without a huff. I figured John would want to see what he looked like as a transformed wolf.
He snapped at my heels and fingers, but I was under no delusion that he couldn’t have bitten me if he had wanted to. My practice runs with Skye had the Pup nipping at me, showing me what wolves did when they were really hunting. Wolf-John was doing none of those things. He was play-hunting.
Skye streaked out the door.
Skye chuffed and fell back onto the sofa in a very Sherlock-esque sulk. “Get lost, Aleksandr.”
Finally the full moon was upon us. That afternoon, I caught John staring at his gun. (I may or may not have invaded his bedroom.) Skye was in voluntary wolf form and was rubbing up against him comfortingly. I had to admit I wasn’t threatened by the Pup’s presence. He made decent food and tea (though he didn’t get the principle of drinking it at all) and didn’t disturb me in my mind palace,
“Come on then, Mycroft got us a little place.” Sherlock handed me back my mobile. “Isolated, of course, and prime spot for a werewolf and a ghost on holiday. Dartmoor air
I looked helplessly at Greg, who shrugged. “One of the bodies looked half-eaten – strays, I’d think. The other one had a necklace shoved down ‘is throat.” The older man crossed his arms. “Weird break-in at the jewellery store near the scene too – something must’ve crashed into it and scattered some o’ the stuff. Nothing’s been reported missing yet, but looks promising.”
I tried not to blush again. “Well, you’re welcome. And you really do understand how Sherlock works if you know a good case is the best way to thank him,” I joked.
The indigo-eyed young man had looked to be about twenty-six when I first saw him, but now that I could see the faint, very thin silver streak at his temple I’d put him at thirty, thirty-five, maybe. His platinum blond hair hid the silver very well, sweeping low over the distinct indigo eyes. His skin was a bit red, like he was healing from a sunburn.
My head shot up and bitterness and fear exploded into my mouth. The blue fire was gone and it was John – oh no,
” He faltered on the last word.
Still. Working together, Mycroft and I constructed a plan to lure Moriarty in and destroy his web. There
“My best friend.”
I’m the beta.
“The leak is connected with Ayhan werewolves who were caught and have no desire to keep their secret,” Reyalon began. RJ cursed, and Phoenix, who’d been grading homework, sat up sharply. Sherlock leaned forward with his elbows on his knees and his tented hands in front of his face.
The seven of us went to the funeral together. It seemed strange to me to see Skye dressed in a suit, but dressed in a suit he was, and I had the privilege of seeing Phoenix and RJ struggle to convince him to wear it. He did refuse to wear a tie though, and insisted on wearing a rose in his buttonhole – “if I must look ridiculous in this thing, I’ll do it with style” – blue, to boot!
My instincts flared up. If Mycroft got any inkling that I could possibly be dangerous, he would remove me from Baker Street – more likely from Sherlock’s life entirely – and I couldn’t let that happen. Terrified, I snapped, “I don’t see how it’s any of your business what Sherlock does with his free time.”
I looked back for only a few seconds before being yanked up by John. The fourth shot had been Skye’s, it was straight through the man’s forehead: an exact shot. Skye had been sprint-level running when the shot was fired, he couldn’t have been any less than twenty paces away from us. A twenty-pace shot, in the dark, while running?
Waking up in Sherlock's bed the morning after my fourth and last transformation of the month wouldn't have been a problem. Waking up in Sherlock's bed after some erotic dreams that starred him (dreams, surely,
I studied him. He was a fine specimen, really. His dusky golden fur covered the top of his body, and his tail was all shining gold. He had the customary grey highlights of a wolf around his face and legs, but instead of grey, those hairs were dark silver, and the rest of him was white. Very clean too, for a wolf; his fur looked silky. The only things differentiating him from, say, a muscular, domesticated wolf-dog was the dark wildness in his glacial blue eyes, and his readiness to bare his fangs.
As soon as the wolves were no longer snarling and biting, Sherlock was by my side, looking honestly terrified. “What do I do, John?”
when most people called him
I jumped to my feet, the epiphany shining bright in my mind. John’s wolf was a manifestation of his instincts and his desires. The wolf blocked him out when it was inconvenient to have to deal with John’s protests or discomfort. However, when even the conscious mind agreed wholeheartedly with the proceedings, the subconscious saw no reason to exclude it entirely from events.
When John again tried to persuade me to attempt the abominations, I repeated that I was in no way going to torture him, even if the wolf made it unsafe to be around him. “We’ll find a way that doesn’t involve unnecessary torture,” I said forcefully.
The wolf-boy scowled. “Curly, or Sherlock – ooh, Curly Sherly – I’m not ineffective here, you know.” His ice-blue eyes glittered. “I won’t murder anyone, and I certainly won’t murder John. As of now, he’s pack.” He shifted and rubbed against me as if to prove the point.
“My name is Northwood,” the young man said. “Skye Northwood. And in case you’ve forgotten in the last thirty seconds, I’m a werewolf.” He flashed me a toothy grin too close to Sherlock’s ‘sociopath’ smile to be comfortable.
“He was working on a time crunch, since he had less than a minute before your brain shut down all conscious work and he didn’t want to wake you up again. So he chose the first rare phrase he could find.” Phoenix bit his lip apologetically – that boy was inventing whole new ways to bite one’s lip!
me it wasn’t real.”
“He’s dead,” Skye stated. “I saw him die in front of me. There was no way he could’ve survived that – his head was literally blown to pieces. There’s something fishy going on and I want to know what it is. Find that man you met and bring him to me. The moment I see him I’ll know.”
“Sherlock it – oh fine,
“The brother?” I asked.
“They were going to send that video to Mycroft?” I asked, surprised. I understood why the vids of RJ would be sent to Phoenix (of course, they were dating) but the Holmes brothers? They rarely resisted from taking snipes at each other’s expense.
If I found it weird and a bit appalling that Sherlock’s parents weren’t at their son’s funeral, it slipped my mind in the midst of the numb torture that was being at said funeral.
,” Skye had said. Had he been mistaken? He certainly hadn’t been deliberately lying.
I didn’t think that British lycanthropy could be that different, especially when Skye told me that Ayhan lycanthropy was a sort of amalgamation of all the types in the world. He knew what a British werewolf was because he’d seen one before. “
“That's better,” the wolf purred contentedly.
“Kidnapping,” RJ responded promptly. “Ooh, the Bruhl kids.”
The rooftop, the phone call, the stupid fake confession. It made horrible sense. “Please.” The word forced itself out of my throat in a fear-soaked whisper. “Please, Sher, don’t do this.”
I ignored the heat in my cheeks. “That is
I spared a thought for Greg, Mrs. Hudson, and the boys. What would they think?
“Why?” he asked. I would call the expression on his face worry or concern, but I’d never shown myself to be particularly good at interpreting human expressions at all. But he was still focused on the matter and still evidently serious about it.
He rolled his eyes.
“It’s not too bad,” John admitted. “I mean, it’s not ideal, but, well… it could be manageable.”
RJ whispered mentally.
John, resourceful John, had pinched me as soon as he took a good whiff of the girl’s room – her specific scent – and whispered, “You find evidence. I can track them.” It would’ve looked a bit fishy if John knew exactly where they were, especially considering our position at the moment, so I did as I was told.
.” Skye’s and Sherlock’s voices were dual, inside and outside my head respectively. “What?” I asked out loud.
There weren’t any new clues on the Hawthorne case, but Phoenix remarked offhandedly that he’d been underground lately and heard about some information that must’ve been leaked. “I haven’t told your detective yet, Doctor,” he said; “because it’s a rather delicate business. I think the brother will come to see him about it shortly, in fact.”
subconscious!” I tapped his forehead in frustration. “Stop worrying that he’s going to rip someone’s throat out without reason. You’d never do that, so why would he?”
“But for the ridiculous notion that I would leave you alone when you needed me, you have no objection to let me take care of you during your transformation?” Sherlock queried, looking at me with the put-upon air of having to deal with idiocy, but with a sort of anxiety underneath. Huh?
Three IOUs – one at NSY, two at 221B (one in the flat and one just across). Not good. And oh, the key code – I backed away as four bullets embedded themselves into the assassin in front of me. Three of the bullets came from somewhere in the building by the body. The other one –
“Hey, hey now.” He touched my shoulder so I faced him, offering me the warmest, fondest smile I knew (43). His hand was rubbing circles into my tense muscle. “Look at me properly, Sherlock.” I obeyed reluctantly and sullenly, raising my eyes to his. “I love you, you great git. I love you too.”
“Devastatingly?” the wolf echoed, smug amusement returning.
“Anyway, somehow the wolves got the idea we were going to report to the government, so they took Rollo, no doubt to keep me silent. What I don’t understand is why they didn’t take me directly.”
” Sherlock nodded. The genuine smile on their faces comforted me somewhat, but I was still unnerved. “So I didn’t kill anyone?” I repeated to Sherlock.
The IOU was a bit more disturbing, seeing as it followed a similar one carved into an apple left at Baker Street.
the expert, and I was his superior.
He held up his hand. I silenced. “I was his only guardian. I was just twenty-four at the time – and yes, there’s a twelve-year age gap between me and my brother – and I had just been crowned. My authority was still weak. I couldn’t have taken responsibility; the country would have fallen apart. So I…” He buried his face in his hands.
Honestly, he looked terrible. While tall, dark, and brooding upstairs looked fine, all things considered, the redhead was mentally and emotionally exhausted, and he looked it. His hair stuck out in all directions, his hands were shaking from caffeine withdrawal, his cheeks had sunken in, and his eyes were dull. “You look done in, mate,” I remarked casually.
. He didn’t kill you, ergo his plan worked. Seriously.”
My mind was racing, intrigued by the lack of data at the scene and the lack of details the witness could tell us. A teacher by profession (
It was time for our murderer to hunt again (he had an obvious system), and Sherlock and I were hoping to stop him, since we had a clear enough idea of his
The two detectives (as they came to be known) talked to (or at) each other, bouncing ideas, theories, and clues off one another, although occasionally Sherlock would complain, “John, listen to this. Phoenix isn’t paying this nearly enough attention.”
John and the wolf, however, did
I’d never been as grateful to or for Greg as right then. Apparently Sherlock had committed suicide. That didn’t make the pain any better. It was agony, and that’s all I’ll say.
“Don’t joke,” I grumbled. “It doesn’t suit you.”
That was when it began running, and before I knew it my lupine senses were assaulted with the scent of moor and Dartmoor village smells and
I explained how I’d found him missing, and by accident discovered just how much sharper my senses were. “I didn’t find RJ’s scent, though. I think they covered it up because they knew Phoenix and Skye would be looking for him. Speaking of, better call an ambulance for him.”
like the death of his mate being mocked like that. Its hackles rose angrily. Skye gave me a kind look. “They’re still boys, and they forget things like that.”
Oh, and if there are any inaccuracies, feel free to tell me!
A child that age couldn’t have been acting that well – Claudette was genuinely terrified of me. It wasn’t a general reaction – she hadn’t reacted that way either to the NSY officers or to Phoenix and RJ. Therefore only my specific features scared her, meaning that the criminal Moriarty hired must have looked like me, because there was no other way to make a seven-year-old child associate me with trauma.
He wasn’t like Skye at all. While Skye was dusky gold, dark silver, and blinding white like a desert, John was shining gold and pure silver like a crown. I was being horribly sentimental with these romanticised descriptions, but it seemed fitting. He was bigger than Skye, but was otherwise familiar.
,” he’d said.
to be Moriarty.”
But I looked at him, and numbness flooded my body just as unconsciousness did.
More than once Phoenix and Sherlock had a row. More than once Sherlock and I had ‘a little domestic’, Mrs. Hudson would say. Speaking of our kind landlady/not-our-housekeeper, all she knew about Skye was that we were taking care of him for a case, and all she knew about Phoenix was that he was as observant and nearly as volatile as Sherlock, and she avoided questions, though she did bring up some of her excellent biscuits now and then, for which three of us always thanked her.
“No, John! Nobody else will get put down,
Phoenix bounded down the stairs, wearing his coat and a smooth black derby hat with a band of red plaid that matched his tie. The four of us leapt up and spilled downstairs, tugging on hat, coats, and scarves (in Sherlock’s case) and marching outdoors for the first round of data-gathering.
), London residency >3 years (
. I can rally the ones near Northumberland Street.” He turned to us. “You two, you’re coming. No arguments! John needs to get used to having other wolves around.”
, the wolf growled inside me – and for once, I heard him) chained and bleeding – they were filming what happened, the bastards – my inner beast took the lead.
didn't want to sleep with me, he'd always been more than explicit about that, and I couldn't do that to him.
Phoenix I briefly considered as an asset or a colleague in the destruction of the web, but in the end there were too many cons to his involvement to be able to bring him in: he had a job (workable), he wasn’t very well-versed in agent work (not so much workable), and his resources were severely limited (huge con, not workable at all). Skye would presumably be an asset as well, but given that he was a werewolf with very eclectic interests and ambiguous motives I decided against trusting him far enough to tell him, let alone to save my life should I end up in a desperate situation.
Fire turned to liquid, and he studied me a little sadly before releasing me. “You really don't want it, not like that,” he acknowledged, his lips drawing in a thin line. “Alright, Sherlock. I will respect your wishes.”
Phoenix closed his eyes and Sherlock stopped shuddering. “The power to manipulate darkness.”
“Sherlock?”
“Just before they started on me, they continued filming him. For Phoenix,” Sherlock clarified. “They want to be left alone, so they were sending videos to Phoenix and Mycroft to back off before they were killed.”
“Aye,” he agreed. So that was the explanation for the strange accent. It sounded like a blend of American and British and a little bit of – what was that, Russian? “That’s where I’m from. Canarim, specifically.”
Not a telepath, then. His ability to pretend to be one probably stemmed from his bondmate’s telepath status. So what was he? Something that would scare normal humans…
“Kidnapping,” RJ replied.
As for me, I was shocked. I thought I had the most annoying brother in the world. “As you see, Sherlock, you’re not the only one with a brother you’d love to kill sometimes. Skye, on the other hand, would like nothing more than to prove his brother wrong. He wants to succeed, if only to rub it in his brother’s face.”
I had expected that, and prepared accordingly. I had bought some meat earlier, obviously without his knowledge because John would have deduced that I meant to manage his transformations, and stashed it in the fridge behind but separate from the body parts so John wouldn’t find them. A few sausages would make a decent entrée while I cooked the rest. I was adamant on cooking, trying to maintain as much human customs as I could even with John in such a shape.
“I’m off again. And, John? Sherlock’s a keeper.” He nodded at my flatmate, and I tried to shake myself and not let him see how much his words affected me. God knows how much I wished for more, but that just wasn’t Sherlock’s thing.
you –
they promised. Their mental laughter was as real and as embarrassing as physical laughter would be.
“Let me try one last thing.”
“I’m not going to be a monster,” he replied, too calmly, like someone ready to die. “Think of it like putting down a rabid dog.”
I wanted to scream. Would the judgement be more severe the longer the crime had gone on? “Since at least the pool,” I replied dutifully, staring him straight in the eye and daring him to take the heart I offered so reluctantly and smash it to pieces in front of me.
“So I’d say yes, potential murderer, with the right cause.”
“I mean, Sher – and this isn’t a deerstalker now, it’s a Sherlock Holmes hat, and that’s what I mean, Sher. You’re not exactly a
serious,” I insisted, meeting his eyes with mine. “I am yours. If wolves mate for life, their partners do too.”
“There's nothing to hunt,” I reiterated, injecting a hint of the steel Skye used into my voice. Did that count as scolding? Skye had made it clear that he was alpha, so I wasn’t.
– Sherlock on the roof – Sherlock tossing away his phone, the line going dead –
Small Wolf made a sound like a bark at him, looking as indignant as a wolf can look indignant. It – he, I guess – pounced on me, and before either Sherlock or I could push him off, he licked my wound, then bounced off and chuffed at Sherlock as if to say, ‘You see?’
I smiled. As long as I could make him happy, yes, things were definitely better. Did he even realize the lengths to which I'd go for him, no matter his appearance? In all likelihood not entirely. And even if it was probably safer for me that he didn't, it saddened me. I squeezed him softly. Like Redbeard once, he didn't protest.
John allowed himself to be swept up in the thrill of the chase again, and Skye was
before everything went dark. The next thing I knew I was opening my eyes to a ruffled detective and a slightly peeved RJ. “– can’t just do that, Reyalon,” he was saying.
“So would you do that for me?” I asked, leaning back in my designated chair in her flat. She’d assigned me a chair after the first few times I turned up soaking wet.
“Hold on, where’re you going?” I demanded. “You can’t just swan off!”
and yet so unlike John.
” He fell back on the stairs as the detective came closer. “Don’t you touch me!” he yelled. “Don’t you lay a finger on me!”
I supposed it made sense. Many people had hidden desires that they never indulged for many reasons. John would be no exception. If his ‘hypothalamus’ was coming on to me so strongly, perhaps it was because, on some level, John did want me.
Greg nodded and was out the door. Skye burst back in, looking more bright-eyed and bushy-tailed than I’d yet seen him. “The wheels are in motion. I’ve messaged my most reliable London contacts. Given the pair’s speed, info should be in about two or three hours.” He looked remarkably pleased with himself.
I’d been too high-strung at the time to remember that my wolf had snarled during the phone call, smelling a lie. I was too upset during the cab ride to 221B to think about why I felt bad about leaving Sherlock behind. In the end, I made a completely irrational decision based on my much more fallible human instinct, and I fell for the trick.
. I started crying when I got to the part where we began dating, and if it was terrible before, it went downhill from there. I don’t think anyone understood the end of it, through all the sporadic sobbing and ugly-crying, but it was a bit cathartic to step down from my official farewell to the best and wisest man I knew, and collapse against Greg, who put a comforting arm around me.
Sherlock was muttering something in my ear. “Clearly Aleksandr wants to reconcile – the amount of time since their initial falling-out suggests he might have tried several times – but his brother just as clearly demonstrates that he doesn’t. Therefore Aleksandr is probably the aggressor in the initial conflict and wants to make amends, while Skye is the one wronged and feels too insulted even now to do that.”
He was right. My wolf rose to the surface in confusion and grief as the casket was being lowered into the ground, my human side remembering that Sherlock had hated being stuck in any one place and liked to be free to wander in and out as he wished. I remember wishing that I could pry off the lid and he’d sit up and laugh about how he’d gotten us all – and that was it.
“It wasn’t him, necessarily.” It was true Skye was involved in the matter Sherlock was so absorbed in, but he was hardly the direct cause. After all, it wasn’t him who tried to make a meal of my chest.
Small Wolf barked at Sherlock, who darted in and rammed some of the silver jewellery down the snarling Large Wolf’s throat. The very snarl was the ruination of the creature, because the projectile lodged, and soon we had a choking wolf, and soon a dying wolf, reverting to human form. Not that it saved him.
“No he’s my boyfriend” – “Sir you need to calm down” – just let me – “I’m a doctor” – I need to get through I need to get through
I never got to end that sentence, because he cut in, “John. I
because that man harmed her. Again and again I pleaded with him to just
Thankfully, he relented. Skye, when he came by and heard about this episode, backed me up strongly, so I tried not to be too smug about it, though I don’t think John would have minded. He himself looked relieved.
“Sherlock,” she said, almost tearfully. “These ladies” –
“Does it help?” I wondered, and he knew exactly what I meant.
Ademar hands Sherlock a Wedgwood mug filled with hot tea and sits down opposite him. “So,” he starts. “Straight Boy Pain.”
When he gets to the surgery, he unpacks a few things from his bag that he likes to have close – his silver pen, his phone, an apple. The filofax is tucked into a small pocket by itself deep in his bag. He strokes the top of the small folder and once again John is struck by the incongruity of Sherlock writing poetry for him. It’s just so … romantic. John expected a lot of things from his relationship with Sherlock, but not this. Not sentiment, not this earnest interest in wooing him.
"I'm a conthulting detective."
Rudy tries again. “She will be in permanent detention if she doesn’t get help soon. I’ve spoken with Ludwig at length on this. He says that despite her gifts, or possibly because of them, she is an immense danger to everyone.”
To the side there is a drive way, which is closed by a large metal gate. Beyond the gate, Sherlock can see a large concrete slab that now covers where the glass house  stood. What used to be well kept lawns are now a mass of ill-shaped overgrown weeds. Only the pagoda, dilapidated old thing it is, still stands.
Sherlock’s heart sinks. A date. Another one.  He reminds himself that John is his best friend and that he loves him dearly.
He played Schubert's Serenade and it made him wistful because it was actually made to be played to someone and Sherlock had lived alone for twelve years. It was highly probable that he
I made a mental note to include the Detective Inspector on my Christmas card list, if I ever actually write one or indeed decide to send any cards.
A couple of weeks later, John Watson and Detective Inspector Lestrade were wobbling up the stairs, carrying cans of paint.
Meanwhile the nurse turned up with a butterfly needle. I winced.
John follows but looks up at Sherlock, curiously disappointed.
Second, he wanted to relocate Rhonda. He hated the house but had the means to get away. Rhonda hated the house too but had neither the thumbs nor skills to escape and they'd become good mates. He wanted to help her.
“Everything, John?”
I worked on the cold cases all day. Some of them were cold cases for a good reason: some had a body but no weapon, no witnesses, no motive; others had a weapon and plenty of motive but no body.
I took her to the University College Hospital. Molly once said they had good maternity services there.
Oh! Doctor Watson! Ademar and every other gay man in London have always wondered.
"Do you want me to have a go?"
“And in that time, she has full care of Albie?”
John has to think back to the chip and pin fight. “What, the Blind Banker case?”
Billy sits down in a worn chair and looks John over carefully. He likes what he sees.
He would have to make John tea sometimes. Drugging John was now out of the question, unless there were exceptional dangerous circumstances that would be alleviated by John being drugged.  Science was no longer an excuse to drug John.
“We didn’t want to disturb the baby, or render him a emotional mess by using the bed.”
I thought the same thing. “So he’s alright then, isn’t he?”
"And?"
Molly
“And it was definitely her shoe?”
Albion bought fourth the first of three incredible blasts of wind. He was prodigious.
When I came home to my flat, it still looked like nothing happened to the person who lived there but that was a relief to me then. I didn’t want anything to happen to me. Too much had happened to me and I was not entirely recovered from it.
John laughed. “No, although I might try, if I ever practice again.” And he blew another raspberry on the pink tummy. Albion squealed with laughter.
“John.”
“Are you sure?”
He thought about it for a long time. “You know what I really feel like?”
But not John Watson.
It also is welcome by John, who probably wouldn't have gone inside if the place had been in complete blackness.
“Met a friend of yours today,” John tells him as he leans over Sherlock’s shoulder to see a rich bouillabaisse bubbling in an unfamiliar cast iron pot.
Angels were standing by, waiting for us to make them weep.
Good idea, says Sherlock, who doesn’t want him to go either. “I’ll take the couch,” he says, not looking at John.
And why and why and why. He stares at his phone with knotted eyebrows.
“He was coming to look at the flat we ended up sharing. I liked him when I first met him, the day before, but when I saw him the second time, waiting at the door, I liked him a lot more. I’d looked forward to seeing him again all day. He had a limp and he was angry.”
“On the projector, or another way?”
“It makes a lot of difference if you’re decorating.” John has been married and he knows about decorating. It was, for a few weeks in his life, one of the chief topics of conversations he had with his fiancé.
“Don’t tell me you don’t know that the world’s water resources are diminishing.”
Sherlock provides this scenario simply expand a theory, but realises that it resonates with John deeply. John looks down for some moments, the thought that any action of his might bring harm to Rosie too much bear. Sherlock parses the statement and has the same conclusion. It is intolerable, insupportable that she might be taken from their lives so suddenly and permanently.
"Hmm. So he's stabbed here" - Sherlock points to the grimy wall where a triangular spray of bright blood blooms to the right -"then appears to slide down the wall slowly" - Sherlock traces a broad smear that travels for almost three feet - "and lands here, where he bleeds out. The wound is very big, so the time between the actual stabbing and landing on the ground would be about fifteen seconds."
“Useless. You couldn’t even tell the difference between lilac and lavender. And you didn’t marry me then either, so obviously you are no position to make any important decisions now.”
I wanted you to notice me, John almost says. “Who introduced you to Ademar anyway?”
"You're talking to me?"
"Oh do shut up."
“It’s all changed, “ I said out of nowhere. It had suddenly occurred to me. Everything was different now. I had never felt fear before, and never held someone’s welfare to be so important.
Sherlock pays no attention.
“That’s a long way to travel with a frightened crying child,” John observes.
“Of course, because I like them! They’re – well. You write nice things.”
The room was breathtaking.
"I haven't got time , Sherlock. Remember the Ford family?"
Privately they both wait to learn that their rash co-habitation has been an awful mistake but to their surprise that never eventuates. They are dissimilar in many way and near identical in others. They agree on a lot of important things and come close to blow on other topics. They enjoy unpacking their sex life and learn a lot from the other under (and on top) the sheets and assorted furniture.
My phone cheeped in my coat pocket, and John reached in behind Albion to fish it out.
He struggles to come up with something that will sustain his interest, any image or thought that might assist in making this unlikely congress satisfying. He gets pictures from random porn he has watched, a clear image of the girl in accounts with the yellow dress that is a little loose around the waist, a zap of faces with wet mouths and fake tans from other porn films and then unexpected shot of lightning when he sees Paul the courier in his navy blue shirt smiling and the lines of his biceps and the soft sandpaper glint of the parts of his face where his beard has been scraped clear with a razor and God, oh God –
“No. It’s far more simple that that. You simply up the stakes, and make your own  game that’s just a little bit better, so they want to join you.”
"You're welcome." The kids are crowding around the cage as he walks to the door and waves with a half raised hand. "Bye."
“Were you frightened, when you jumped?”
Sherlock decides there are only two outcomes. “The child would have to have been abducted, otherwise, why would her shoe be found? She was taken quickly, by someone who probably didn’t notice or care she’d lost a shoe. So it remains that she was either taken by someone she knew, or a stranger.”
“Good. That’s - good. “ Sherlock sets the ice box down near the fridge and looks towards his room, certain of where he would like to go but needing a little encouragement to get there. “So do we  - I mean, have we got some time to ourselves?”
The guard roles his eyes.
“I have packed us each a fork and a runcible spoon.”
“Greg! We’re going to Rugby! Want to come?”
“I know I called you a machine once and I’m sorry.  I was wrong. You’re not a machine. But I want you to be like the machine in the story and keep giving me poems as long as I live.”
“If we’re putting our hands out for money,” Lestrade piped in, “the London Met is creaking for lack of funds at the moment.”
We watched him walk away and there we were, a proper little family.
Sherlock wants to throw the remaining coffee all over Bob. "So tell me," he says with a rigid jaw.
I can’t remember if he was confused before I said I love him after my first operation, in which case the magazine must have been upsetting him, or after, in which case it was more likely me who confused him.
“Dropped, do you think?”
“You’re going to be a picture of sartorial elegance, just like your old man,” he told him sweetly.
Lestrade turns up when the autopsy is finished, and Molly is sewing the incisions shut. Sherlock and John have left not ten minutes ago.
“Having a baby costs a lot of money.”
The nurse, who has just started her shift, nods. "I saw one just a second ago - hang on."
I had no idea how to apply him.
Sherlock is further annoyed . How hard is it to punctuate a text?
“So eventually, in order to save the Woodsman, the Prince had to pretend he died so he could go off in secret and eliminate every trace of the evil Prince. It took two years and the Woodsman was sad.”
They weren’t sure what else to do with me so I got shoved into the occupational therapy workshops and painted things. It didn’t make me feel better or worse, only momentarily interested in the composition of the paints and keenly aware that I had virtually no gifts for draughtsmanship at all.
"We are. Now will kindly explain how you've come to know my brother?"
“I think from the second time I met him.”
Ordinarily Sherlock hates this type of fuss and will actively obstruct anyone who seeks to assist him with any kind of health care. Tonight his face aches a little, and in any case he doesn't mind being in the centre of John's orbit for a while.
“We could be here all night. Why don’t I just tell you?”
“What’s in the uninteresting one?”
The reply pings back in a matter of seconds.
John nods. “Yes. Very romantic.  Actually, more romantic than the romantics.”
John carries it as he follows Sherlock up the stairs.
“Yes, but I’ve got a bigger brain, opposable digits and I can reason. That’s a bloody bird with a brain the size of a peanut and it’s gone to a huge amount of trouble to impress a girl bird.”
There had been some calamity at Molly’s house earlier that afternoon.
They watch her walk down the street to the tube, all understanding how strange the case is now.
While the war raged in the kitchen, Albion and I were on the floor, sorting plastic fish. I liked to arrange them in the colours of the rainbow (starting with violet), Albion liked to arrange them by sucking them. I believe he designated his arrangements by the texture of the fish on his gums. As a result, each fish was glazed with baby spit, which I find interesting. His saliva is very pure, clear and thin as fresh sap. It made his little mouth look even more red.
“They aren’t. But I’m not blind. Do you think Sally’s pretty?”
“Well. Perhaps you tell people you’re a high functioning sociopath because you’re terrified that people won’t love you.”
“What?”
I didn’t fall in love. I just had big globs of the stuff oozing from me like custard when you squash a profiterole, big globs of untested love that were already there, waiting to be used.
Straight Boy Pain is what I have, and John Watson gave it to me.
His mother is furious. “For God’s sake, Jem, if you wanted something we would have given you the money!”
“Nope. Only you. I have a very limited attention span. Also, I’m very faithful. And in any case I’m besotted with you. I have no interest in having sex with anyone but you. You are the most intriguing and arousing person in the world. Also the loveliest. Only a fool would want to have sex with anyone else.”
Ademar is enchanted. He’s not certain, but it appears –
Sherlock ignores her and starts lifting the tape, standing to one side so John can enter too.
This is the level of stupidly I have to tolerate almost hourly.
molly
“I’m going to come,” he says with something like pain. “Oh God, Sherlock.”
I had no idea what they were doing. It was disconcerting and I had to put a stop to it. “Are we going to have a cold war here in the lounge room?”
“Okay. Dealer’s choice for you too. You get to choose not only how I get you off, but what I’ll call you when you come.”
"Because no one is interested in some well-dressed stranger doing the police's job for them. It
“Oh yeah.”
“Not really. The big brother got the Prince a job in the CSL, in the National Bee Unit.”
Sherlock turns to John and takes a leap. "We could take them back to my place if you prefer, or we could eat them here - what do you think?"
John accepts the statement as a declaration of war. “What? You think I can’t take him down?”
“SHERLOCK,” Lestrade says. “They’re children.”
The wound still throbbed, but my preposterous brother was completely right on that point too.  Just the thought of sharing my little boy in some kind of three days on, three days off arrangement made me feel physically ill.
"You can bring your cat too."
John Watson was in full Captain mode.
“No Sherlock, it’s not. What is fun for you is getting it right –because you no doubt have deduced what I want - after you have harassed me with an endless array of international dishes that I would never eat in a thousand years. ”
We’d caught a taxi home. I was relieved it was over, Albion was unhappy and unsettled. John was performing a cursory examination as my baby sat in my arms, making sure I hadn’t inadvertently caused him harm when I clasped him so tightly.
But there’s always something, as Uncle Rudy often said, and Easter wasn’t as happy as Sherlock had hoped.
Feet shuffle under the table and John’s English brogues are captured inside Sherlock’s Italian patent leather.
She is grateful for his help, but not sorry when they leave.
“I’d come here this evening to discuss some minor business with you but your circumstances render any such thing impossible. I’ll come back tomorrow morning at about 8am.”
Eurus has a sudden disturbing thought, and looks at Uncle Rudy with lowered, threatening eyes.  “Can I take my pencils?”
“Yes, I don’t doubt you could. But, actually, no, that ‘s not what I want to tell you.”
John crouches down before Sherlock, who still holds Rosie, a little dozy now after the long ride and boring conversation.
Only for you.  JW
Ms Powers was sick of all of us, especially the doctor. “Fine,” she snapped back.
It is heartfelt, and very warm. John stands a little taller, he is so proud.
For he can make butter melt on toast as it should.
"There's a second room upstairs. I play the violin. Sometimes I don't talk for hours. Days if it's really bad. I like to do experiments."
“I would love too but he refuses to take any more clients. He only sees me because I assisted him in finding his  - yacht.”
What we did have was sentiment and chemical imbalance but both of us had discounted that: me, because I always did, and John, only because I did and he could no longer trust his own feelings.
But there’s always something.
I had wrapped Albion up in one of his most choice cardigans and pulled the hood over his head. Little dark tufts stuck out at the front. “Look out for wild boars, and tell me about everything you see when you come home.”
John smirked at me. “I was planning to leave her when Ollie turned one.”
"Well, let's just wait and see." Mrs Turner loves weddings.
When the brothers are advised that Eurus will travel to Switzerland for an unspecified period of time, Sherlock breaks in to blubbering tears. “Nooooo,” he cries, “You mustn’t take my sister away from me!”  He throws his arms around her and holds on to her for dear life. Eurus returns the hug with complete satisfaction, smiling with her eyes closed, relishing the attention and the love.
Stamford raises his fatty, pink hand in a friendly wave.
“What ones?”
John sat with me the whole time. That would have to be love, wouldn’t it? I thought it was love. He never declared it, though. It’s wretched, trying to figure out if he just can’t say it or just doesn’t love me.
I swallowed a half-masticated wad of potato fibre quickly. “I am very happy. There isn’t room for anyone in my life except you, and you can be certain that no idiot on this earth would be permitted anywhere near my son except you. But that came out wrong because obviously you’re not an idiot. You’re my best  - my best” –
John shakes his head. “No. I’m just – you astonish me sometimes.” He wipes one eye with the back of his hand.
No one pays any attention to John.
“Well, you’d be killing yourself.”
The boxes look untidy. "It doesn't matter," he tells himself but deep down it does, because no soldier's boxes should look untidy. John unpacks the lot and re-packs, pushing and folding different items until every thing is neat, every thing fits.
his tea, no sugar. A sandwich
"I'm going to start. You'll feel a little tug. Tell me if it hurts."
John kept his luggage in Lestrade’s car, because until he arrived he wasn’t certain if he would be welcomed.  The luggage was now waiting in the hall downstairs after I reminded him that there was always room for him at Baker Street, and that Albion especially would love to have him stay.
Sherlock is unconcerned. “As far as I can tell, it’s a development site that is still waiting for council approval.  Mycroft should be contacting me any minute with Council approval.”
"No, but I know I know I don't need tetanus. I'll take the penicillin though. What are -" but Sherlock is interrupted by a young resident medico with a pained expression.
"Yeah, bye John, thanks again!"
Something in Sherlock snaps. It’s gone on too long. Fraud and deception are fine with people you don’t care about but this – it will strangle every lovely thing they have. “What is this about?”
They lean a little into each other’s space and between them can smell skin, sandalwood, tannin, freshly laundered cotton, the metallic salt of London air and coconut oil. “Well,” John smiles, “since you’re so eager, why don’t you show me what Ambling Sidebar taught you?”
“Adrienne remains his legally recognised parent, and if you change your mind in future, you have to organise adoption. Provided she agrees.”
For he has XY chromosomes.
“And Mrs Hudson. Well, I’d hate to disappoint her.”
My parents, old men now and happy always because of each other, are gifts so large, and so much a part of my life, that I barely see them day to day.
“Mummy’s right.” My father was reluctantly being relieved of Albion. “I’m astounded at how well you’re coping, especially in such odd circumstances.” He leaned forward and lowered his voice. “Mycroft told us all about the mother, poor little girl.”
For he is the answer to my every query.
“Kissing you.”
“That’s a nasty crack on her skull,” Molly observes.
“What exactly was the story about?”
“I’ve got a date!” John beamed. “I thought it was time to get back on the horse, so to speak.”
"Easy," he says to the man who is a little dazed, lifting his head and turning his face to John. Blood streams down the stranger's face in a sheet, for the impact with the asphalt has split the skin
“I’ll show you the photos later, then.”
John turned to Sherlock, he was already turned to him. It was not so much an a clue as an admission. No one knew about the shoe.
“Did he like that?”
being tended by a nurse as slight as a sparrow. The patient sits on the edge of the bed and his feet almost touch the floor.
“So Molly,” Lestrade says hopefully to change the subject, “Can we come and build Toby a play centre next weekend?”
They were ridiculous claims, Sherlock knew, and he marvelled how love made them legitimate.
“Honestly, you think they’d never seen a hand print before. Who would die such a way without handprints, unless it was self inflicted? I don’t know what they’re thinking. Actually I do, but I don’t understand it.  Now would you like me to get you some balloons?”
When they get home and take the boxes to John's room, they find that Mrs Hudson has made his bed.
“Mycroft, I don’t want a nanny living here and looking at me with cold judgmental eyes all day.”
“So basically you think I’m like a squirrel.”
That is actually an excellent question. Why love anyone? On first examination it seems intangible, unfathomable, but when you think about it really carefully, you shine a light on a whole world of possibilities and beautiful, unsullied reason.
“Thank you,” Jenny says. “I know how it must have sounded – but thank you.” She turns back to John. “Are you investigating?”
“Tell him we’ll be there in fifteen minutes, traffic permitting.”
For his smile is infectious.
For he swept out the despair in me.
For I live for the touch of his fingers at my neck.
The first thing I wanted to do was call John Watson, who would have understood instantly the gravity of this breakthrough.
Billy’s delighted laugh is coated with phlegm from deep in his throat. He loves to help. “That’s my Sherlock! Always gets his man.”)
Mycroft rolled his eyes. He was bored too. “Yes, of course. I’ll have my car take you to the airport.”
He lays alongside me and everything fits.
“Nothing, dad, let’s just GO,’ the second boy whines.
On his first day at home, Victor and his father came calling, to invite Sherlock to join them for a visit in the sweet shop in the local village. Rudy and Papa had gone to meet Mummy and Eurus at the airport; Mycroft graciously agreed that Sherlock could go, and folded a pound note into his little brother’s pocket.
It felt different. John whispered to me, small, sweet things confirming that I was his and emphasising that no negotiations would be entered into. He kept one arm around me and if I moved slightly he pulled me closer, kissed me harder.
"I'm not interested in anyone else. I won't be snogging the anesthetist in the supply cupboard or flirting with nurses.
John concentrates on keeping his face immobile.
"Of course it's a pity. I need to know what they may have done to provide a motive for their death."
“I’ll take your mouth. And surprise me.”
