“Nope, I’m not buying that.  You told me you were gay.  You didn’t have to say that to me.  You never have before.  I bet you’ve never told anyone that before, but you told me.”
Sherlock nodded and looked down.  “Right.  Penetration.  I have lubricant and condoms in my top drawer.  Shall I get on my hands and knees?”
“No.  I’ll still have to feel the tissue to appreciate the density of it.  We can do that more comfortably in my office later or even at home if you’d rather.  I just didn’t want to have to burgle my way into this lab a second time so, might as well get all of the invasive stuff done in one go.”
John warred with himself internally not sure if he could drop his own professional boundaries but the thought of being able to touch Sherlock, not as a doctor or a friend, was a huge carrot to dangle in front of him.  It took a few moments for what Sherlock was saying to actually sink in.  In retrospect, he supposed it wasn’t such an outlandish progression.  They were, essentially, lovers in every aspect of that word except for the physical one.  It appeared as though that barrier was being broken as well.  “And we can…?”
“Oh, Sherlock!  I’m … I’m coming!”  John’s breathing was rapid, shallow, he grasped Sherlock’s biceps tightly and rocked into the sensation.  His come spilled between them.
His kisses leave a tingly trail.  My shirt is off.  We are tentatively moving toward the bed again.  I’m moving more slowly than he is.  I trust him though.  I can do this.  I want to do this.  I am not leaving.
“Of course you didn’t, but Sherlock, it would have taken absolutely no effort at all to have an officer go with you toward anyone you might have the tiniest inkling might be a possible, maybe, could-be killer.  You have enough of a reputation that they’d all bloody-well believe you and help you hash out your theories.”
“It just did.  I don’t know.  After it stopped, I stopped thinking about sex altogether, not wanting to reawaken the symptoms again.  It was distracting from my work anyway.  The swelling went down on its own.  I simply haven’t recognized the existence of my prostate again until now.”
John finished kissing Sherlock’s ribs then moved up one arm, kissing the sensitive skin on the underside until he finally kissed their joined hands then kissed Sherlock’s lips once more.  “I’m going to suck your cock.”
“I am not surprised.”  John reached between them and unbuttoned Sherlock’s shirt spreading it open.  “God, just look at you,” John’s breath hitched before he took one of Sherlock’s nipples in his mouth and sucked.
As if on que, there was a brief knock before Anthea let John into the room carrying his medical bag.
It didn’t take long before John felt Sherlock tip over the edge and come all over their stomachs.  Assailed with friction and a litany of lusty breaths and moans coming from his lover, John found his own release.
Sherlock shook his head and slumped into his chair.  “There is more to it than simple chemistry now.  There is so much water under the bridge.  I can’t take back what’s happened to me, I can’t change it, no matter how hard I try, it slips away from my fingers … “
John turned Sherlock’s head to the side and pushed his chin down a bit more to open his mouth enough to accommodate John’s cock.  John groaned as his cock sank into Sherlock’s mouth.  After a few strokes, John looked down at the rest of Sherlock’s body.  His hips were gesticulating slowly, his back slightly arched, his knees bent, feet planted on the mattress.  His color from head to toe was a flushed pink with a very distinctive purple cock engorged with blood.  Sherlock was beautiful, wanton and writhing for John to finish him off.  It was a powerful, heady feeling knowing this wonderful, beautiful, mad, genius was his and only his.
Sherlock rose to his feet.  Kissed John on his lips and pulled back.  “Trust me, John.  It’s going to last.”
“Releived.  I thought I was finally normal.  Definitely homosexual, but normal with normal sexual feelings that everyone around me talked about.”
John smiled then had a look of concern when he took in Sherlock’s appearance. “What’s wrong?”  John asked worriedly.
“Thought you’d never ask.”  John stood quickly, grabbing Sherlock by the wrist pulling him with him down the hall.
“No doubt in my mind.”  Sherlock seemed to snap out of any particular connection the gesture entailed quite easily and gave John a rueful smile.
“No.  I’m yours.  All day today.”  He quirked a small smile when Sherlock finally looked at him once again.
Slowly his breathing evened out and his heart didn’t feel like it was beating its way out of his chest.  Realizing he still had an iron-grip on John’s arm, Sherlock loosened his hold.
“Fine, yes wonderful, John!  You figured me out.  You know all my secrets about how I’ve loved you from the moment I met you.”  Sherlock gasped and choked on his breath.  “Bravo,” he said quietly.
Sherlock gave an over-dramatized sigh, “dull,” he proclaimed.  “I know all about that.  You are my doctor and you were treating me.  I understand.”
He started working his fingers in.  After a few moments, my cock was as hard as a rock.  Sherlock released my prick with a wet plop.  “How does it feel?”
Sherlock turned to face John.  With no room between them, Sherlock kissed John’s nose and pulled back an inch or two.  “Are we supposed to rate each other at this point?  Is there a list of Likert scale questions or will just a 1-10 scale suffice?”
John chuckled.  “Yes you do.”  He stroked a thumb across Sherlock’s cheek.  “If you still want me to show you what it feels like on the inside, I will, but I’m not going to examine you, coldly, propped up over a table.  Your lover, will show you, not your doctor.”
John pulled the cover back and once again took note of the man’s glory in an inappropriate way.  Holy mother … the man’s penis was a good six inches soft.  Well bully for him.  Was there nothing about him that wasn’t completely and absolutely gorgeous?
“Not nearly as boring as lock jaw.  C’mon, up you get,” John moved a raised finger around in the air in a circle signifying Sherlock should turn around and get on with it.
“Exactly.  I do actually prefer it be you.  That is, if you don’t mind.  I know you, I trust you.  You’ve examined me before.”  He paced a few more steps back and forth keeping John in his peripheral vision. He thought back to the examination he had endured after Mycroft had taken him out of Serbia.  The elderly, German physician had been anything but gentle or reassuring.  Not that he needed coddling, of course, but the thought of someone so aloof and detached and condescending seeing him without clothing was contemptible.
A cold, large hand jerked him out of his stupor, standing out in stark contrast to the hand Sherlock had imagined. This was certainly not John and Sherlock cursed himself for ever thinking otherwise.
It had been so long since they had touched. The last time, they had been in a market and John had had an anxiety attack. The anxiety attack had been two weeks after the pool fiasco had happened.
“So what’s wrong then?” Sherlock yelled and gripped John’s upper arms. John went stiff in Sherlock’s arms before pushing him away hard.
They rounded the street corner and walked straight into a huge market. Sherlock kept on talking, walking straight into the mass of people, and didn’t notice that John was not at his side anymore. After a few steps Sherlock stopped and looked around for John. He stood by the corner, backing away from the huge market. Sherlock slowly walked over to him.
Sherlock took a deep breath and started walking away. He could hear his heart thundering in his chest.
When they reached home, the case was still not solved and he had some very uncomfortable emotions clogging his brain.
John started to relax more, so Sherlock took John's hand and started to lead him through the masses of people.
The man in front of John starts undoing his zipper, but the shorter man interrupts, "Billy. I told you to shut him up. Not to let him give you a blowjob. I know he's hot and all, but we're gonna have time to use him later on, okay? After we get rid of this Holmes nuisance. Now for godssakes, push a fucking gag down his throat and get the job done."
Those of you who haven't read the previous chapter, please check it out first. This chapter won't make sense without the previous one.
Too many people, too many people, too much John, johnjohnjohnjohn. Sherlock pushed his hands deep down in his pockets and walked into a less crowded street. Just as he rounded the corner he saw a pub filled with middle aged men, almost half of them wearing knitted sweaters of the same kind. Sherlock backed away immediately. No, no, no, no, johnjohnjohn. He bumped into a man with silverfox and tried to apologize, no words coming out of his mouth. As he stumbled into the main street again Johns were filling up the pavement, sitting on benches, in busses, talking on the phone. Sherlock turned around and around, his coat flapping around him. “John? John. John! John?” he mumbled to himself, staring all the Johns in the face. A man bumped into his shoulder.
[04/10, 5:58 pm] JOHN WATSON: I am so grateful to you, Mr Holmes for doing everything for me from the beginning of time. But that's what we all must be, isn't it? Grateful to the great detective. Today you crossed a line, Mr Holmes and now there's no going back.
The worst part was watching as the magnitude of his words hit John. He staggered, taking a step away from Sherlock.
A few minutes later John started thrashing around. Sherlock froze, his eyes still staring into the microscope, unseeing. The nightmare didn't seem to stop. After a minute Sherlock rose and walked up the stairs. He stood by the door, his ear against it. John was still twisting and turning so Sherlock opened the door and peeked inside. John's sheet was twisted around his legs and his t-shirt was wet around the collar and arms. Sherlock stood still for a moment before taking off his dressing gown and laying it on a chair by John's desk. He walked over to the other side of the bed and gently lowered himself down, his back against the headboard. John was breathing heavily and his hand shook a little. Sherlock closed in, keeping his distance but close enough for John to feel his presence. As John felt the warmth from Sherlock's body he started to calm down. His breathing got more stable and the kicking stopped but his hand was still shaking. Sherlock reached down and pulled the sheet up over them both. After a few minutes the tremor stopped and Sherlock pulled up a medical magazine from John's nightstand. He opened the magazine and started reading as John slowly fell into deep sleep.
Sherlock is carried to the chopper and John follows the medics. He settles down beside Sherlock. One of the medics asks him to move out of the way again, and this time, he obeys. Just as John is about to move his away, Sherlock grabs John's hand.
If it weren't for the fact that nothing, no matter how serious the injury, seemed to affect him, he would be neck deep in nightmares by now.
comments and kudos are always welcome and will fuel our muses to bring u consequent chapters faster! <333
John walked into the kitchen and started to brew tea. Sherlock looked up from the newspaper and raised his brow.
"Okay." John said, feeling a little disappointed, but not overtly heartbroken. "I'll call you then?"
Nothing. He remembers nothing after his fight with John. Misery and guilt wash over him at the thought of the fight. He clears his throat and focuses on the situation at hand.
John ignored Sherlock again and sat down in his chair. He opened the newspaper and settled in. When Sherlock realized that John was following him he turned back inside, his coat halfway on.
He turned slightly, eyeing the huge man standing behind him. John thought the man looked familiar, but he said nothing. He shrugged and got back to his drink, trying to type out the message even though his fingers weren't co-operating.
“You’re right,” John said calmly, “you just forgot about the small tea stain over here-” John pointed at the small table his cup stood on, “-’cause my hand shook when I put the tea down.” John raised an eyebrow and gave Sherlock a look to tell him to move out of the way. He stood up and waited for Sherlock to move. He didn’t.
Slowly, the fog lifted and Sherlock started deducing John. It became evident that John hadn't been staying at the doctor's housing quarters. He had been with a woman last night. Sherlock felt anger and bile rise within his throat.
He turned and bounded down the staircase and straight out of the flat. Tears stung his eyes but he did not dare stop.
Although he was loathe to accept it, after the pool incident, Sherlock was starting to be overprotective, almost paranoid about John's activities.
Before Sherlock could take off from there, he felt the side of his head slam into the cold hard metal. He groaned and tried to stand up, but in vain. When he had managed to get onto his hands and knees, a kick to his shins prevented any chance of him getting up and going to the safety of home; to the safety of John’s hands treating his wounds.
What little hope Sherlock had had of John accepting his feelings and reciprocating them, flickered out. He was being made fun of.
He picked up his violin. It was only three o’clock in the morning, but Sherlock was sure John wouldn’t mind if he played now.
[04/10, 6:04 pm] JOHN WATSON: If you dare say anything to my girlfriend, you arsehole, that'll be it for us. You are going to quietly handover Rosie as soon as Sarah rings the bell.
[04/10, 6:00 pm] YOU: Rosie will not leave Baker Street unless you come and take her yourself. I won't hand her over to some idiotic woman you met in the hospital and shagged for a week. -SH
John slammed his hand down on the table and fished his phone out of his pocket. He tapped on Sherlock's number and opened the chat window.
Billy looks disappointed at that, but obeys anyway. "Yes, Mr Forster." He says, in a thick Russian accent.
“Enough, Sherlock” John stood up from his chair, his whole body quivering and voice dropping low, dangerous. “Don’t try to psychoanalyze me. Talk about you, why don’t we? You ruin each and every one of my dates. It’s either for a case, or for something extremely trivial like that time you needed the laptop and couldn’t be arsed to get up and get it on your own. And judging by the evidence and your enthusiasm toward ruining my dates, I’d say you DO care about my relationship status, Sherlock. Perhaps a little too much for it to pass as normal.”
As he was about to fall asleep he heard silent footsteps enter and the bed sank down with Sherlock's weight. Soft light was coming from the laptop on Sherlock's lap, but it didn't bother John. He closed his eyes, leaned towards the body beside him, and fell asleep to the sound of Sherlock's fingers clicking away on the keyboard.
John smiled, but there was nothing happy about the expression. “Do you really want me to spell it out for you? Does the genius detective not see something so obvious?”
John didn't seem to register the words so Sherlock continued speaking. "See the guy over there?" He pointed his chin to the left, at a man looking at some old books. "He's afraid of dogs."
The room was a private ward, but it wasn't the luxury ward so it was safe to assume that Mycroft hadn't been informed yet. John limped over to the window. The sight that met his eyes was horrible in too many ways to count. Sherlock lay there, his body limp and broken. John's breath caught in his throat as memories of war flooded into his mind. For a moment, he was back in Afghanistan, and the bombs had claimed Sherlock and he could do nothing but watch. Watch as the bombs tore Sherlock's body to shreds, watch as Sherlock screamed in agony until he couldn't.
The next words out of the man's mouth were words that insulted Sherlock. John did not know or understand the context, he was too drunk for that; but he did know that it was something bad, something to do with a case and something about Sherlock. He forced himself to keep his eyes open and let his military training take over his body.
The phone lying on the coffee table looked inviting. All he had to do was send John one text. One text with the correct words and John would come running.
"NO." John yells, before he can realize what he is saying. The entire room turns to him.  Nobody had expected him to speak. He needs to think. And think fast in order to buy them some time. He has to distract them for just a few minutes more. "If….if you dare to lay a finger on him, Mycroft Holmes will end you. And I will personally hunt you down to the ends of the earth. EACH AND EVERY FUCKING ONE OF YOU."
"I know," John slurred, "I still wanna hear you talk about it." He gave Sherlock's knee a pat before putting it in his own lap. Sherlock wished he had kept it on his knee.
He groaned in frustration and picked up the violin. These emotions had to be let out. He started playing, his back to John, pouring his heart out in the notes that flowed from his fingers, willing John to understand somehow. Music had always easier than talking about his feelings.
"The girl over there has ADHD and hates loud noises, but the teddy she's holding is calming her." John looked over at the girl as she reached for her mother's hand.
When John forced him to go to bed, Sherlock was relieved but also dismayed. He did not want to sleep.
He steels himself and examines the bullet wound himself even though the paramedics have arrived and are asking him to move out of the way; he needs to make sure Sherlock is okay.
Sherlock nods slowly and turns away from the light. They start running but Sherlock doesn't let go of John's hand. His head is pounding with each step he takes, but he doesn't mention it.
Two weeks in, Sherlock had realised that John was staying at the doctor's housing while giving an excuse for overtime. When he had asked John about it, John had said that he expected Sherlock to understand his concern. Sherlock did and said nothing.
John’s gaze followed Sherlock’s form as he ran down the stairs. He heard the front door bang shut and he let his hand, which was reaching out for Sherlock, fall down. John felt his head getting heavier and he stumbled backwards and sank down in a chair. The flat was completely silent except for John’s heavy breathing, his chest rising and falling in a rapid tempo. His pulse was hammering in his ear and his palms had started to sweat. A panic attack was incoming. John tried to calm his breathing before he dried his hands on his trousers. Then he returned to routine, the one thing he did best. Kettle, water, tea, mugs. Water filled, kettle on. Teabags in mugs, turn around to the fridge for milk. Warm water in mugs, seep for three minutes, remove bags. Dash of milk in one mug. As he took both mugs and walked into the living room he realized his mistake. Sherlock was gone. Forever? John didn’t know. A loud sob echoed off the walls in the small flat. His shoulders slumped and tea spilled out from the mugs staining the carpet. He placed the mugs down on the table beside his chair before sinking down to the floor, back against his own chair. Knees drawn up, he rested his face on them. Another sob escaped his lips. His bottom lip started to quiver as he leaned his head back against the chair. Small drops landed on John’s shirt and he tried to dry away the tears but more kept on coming.
“Sherlock, this orifice,”  I pointed to my mouth “is not just for telling people what stupid, sodding gits they are.  It is for actual, useful communication as well, you arsehole.”
“I massage it externally and you do the same to me.  Only now I guess you didn’t know you were doing it and were just copying what I was doing.”
Sherlock looked down.  His cock was completely hard and jutted out at a 90 degree angle from his body.  He took hold of it and gave a couple off-handed strokes.  “Do you have anything that might help an exceptionally elongated urethra  Doctor Watson?”
“Mine.”  Sherlock claimed as he bit into the soft flesh at the nape of John’s neck and sucked there claiming his territory.
Finally we came apart.  His eyes fluttered before he pulled back and looked at me.  “Of course, I’ll take the snogging too.”  He announced licking plump, well-kissed lips if I do say so myself.
People hurried past him, a knitted sweater over a shirt, grey hair slicked back, short, muscular thighs visible through jeans, a strong jaw biting into a burrito, blue eyes looking at clothes, sturdy hands holding mobile phones, John, John, John John John everywhere. Sherlock’s eyes were roaming through the masses of people, everywhere searching for a little part of John. Fingers pulling his own hair with a grunt of frustration. Nobody seemed to notice the distressed man. He stopped, turned around, walked another way.
It had been 48 hours since John had last seen Sherlock. Every time he picked up his phone to either ring or text Sherlock, the thought of Sherlock needing some space, a little time to himself stopped him.
It had started out well though. A good case from Scotland Yard. A possible 5. Enough to get out of the flat after a dull week of wait.
Eventually some afternoon John drops by at Baker Street after work, and sits next to Sherlock on the sofa. Their knees are touching, but
For a moment, silence falls between them. John meets his eyes and nibbles his lower lip, and Sherlock knows what he’s about to say, and he can’t let him say that just yet. His
John rolls over, throws the used condom away and then lies back by his side. He smiles and Sherlock can’t help but do the same for him. He can’t possibly think of anything to say that wouldn’t stain this fragile, papier-mâché situation with unnecessary sentiments; but John doesn’t seem to mind the silence. He pops up on one elbow and just looks down on his face, caressing his arm with his thumb gently. His eyes are soft, his expression relaxed, all the tension gone from his body; it’s so easy to imagine him say these words. The dim light spills through the half-closed door from the living room and all Sherlock can hear is his own heartbeat and their mixed breathing. It’s too easy to imagine John saying that.
"How does it matter?”, turns out to be more of a statement than a question. Mary keeps watching him.
Sherlock shuts his eyes, swallowing hard. Of course. John has seen him naked, but it was dark and heavy with the burden of that moment, and he couldn’t have possibly had a good look, but now in the daylight it’s painfully visible.
Solving crimes, deducing the criminals’ intent, following their actions step by step: it’s always cleared his mind. He used to make a performance out of his work, he used to elevate it to the status of art. It’s been more than a profession, more than a job. He used to be the only one in control, the master of his own game, the strongest pawn. His body used to respond to his work like to a challenge, sending a signal to the adrenal glands to release the adrenaline. It all used to matter.
The flat’s door is open. Sherlock stands next to the window; he doesn’t move even though he must have heard John walk in. John places his suitcase down and only then does Sherlock turn around. Sherlock takes John’s damp coat and hangs it on the chair next to the heater to dry, and then stands in front of John. John looks right at him, but their eyes don’t really meet; they still linger around each other, when Sherlock speaks:
Sherlock knows when John stops wearing the wedding ring: it’s after he shot the murderer, after their second case since John moved back in at Baker Street.
"No you didn’t.” John raises to his feet and hugs him, his hand touches Sherlock’s neck and Sherlock melts at his touch, just for a moment, because few seconds later John draws back, smiling.
He can hear John repeat his name louder and louder and then his vision goes blank and there’s nothing.
“You kept turning me down, Sherlock. You kept me in the dark after the wedding, you began working on your own. It was as if you were deliberately pushing me away.”
, how would we fill the time if you didn’t ask all those stupid, extraneous—” His voice is suddenly stuck in his throat and he can’t catch a breath. He tries holding onto the wall but it doesn’t support his weight anymore and he slides down to the floor. John’s next to him in a second.
John loses his breath when it’s Sherlock’s turn to examine his body with his lips. His eyes close automatically when Sherlock goes down to his jaw and neck; he doesn’t stop and soon falls down to his knees in front of him, embracing him, pressing his face to the soft fabric of John’s jumper, just breathing in his scent. John softly runs his fingers through Sherlock’s curls, waiting for Sherlock’s heart to calm down.
Sherlock dare not say a word but he can’t look away from John’s piercing gaze, and maybe that’s what makes John do the math. For a moment, it’s eerily quiet. They both hold their breath.
“Americans want her back. Extradition is imminent and, I’m afraid, unstoppable,” Mycroft says without an ounce of sympathy.
For a long moment neither of them says anything and they just look at each other. John sighs and Sherlock takes it as an incentive.
Another tear streams down Sherlock’s face as he crushes their lips together. When they break apart to catch a breath, Sherlock touches their foreheads, his hands on John’s neck.
, but he didn’t say that. He honestly can’t remember which lie provided by his mind he agreed with; in the end, it doesn’t matter. John was too furious to actually listen, and Sherlock will remain the only person who knows the truth.
John just looks at him for a moment with disbelief in his eyes, then shakes his head to clear it. He leans down and presses their mouths together.
After three months of living together his presence still doesn’t wake John from his sleep. Sherlock, when he thinks about it, snaps at the astonishing kindness of the stars.
"Stamford’s a good buddy but it’s a special day and apart from Mary I’d like to have my best friend next to me.”
He leaves to the kitchen and drinks the entire cup of tea. Sherlock must’ve prepared it before he had appeared on the doorstep. How he’d known at what time he’d arrive – John has no idea.
There is no literal translation in English. Sherlock can’t think of one word to describe it, at least.
All that matters is that John is back at Baker Street, even if only temporarily. The universal order has been restored.
"Greg. And step away from my car, Sherlock.” Sherlock rolls his eyes. "Besides, how do you know where I live? It’s confidential.” Sherlock only stares at him. As if Lestrade didn’t know him. "And what are you doing here so early in the morning, for god’s sake?”
All the words are stuck in Sherlock’s throat. He just watches John breathe heavily, not allowing himself to look away, not allowing himself to surrender this time. John’s eyes skim his face and Sherlock raises his hand, putting it on his chest, right below his heart — in the place where he still bears the bullet-shaped scar. John lowers his gaze and Sherlock can pinpoint the exact moment when John’s face softens that he realises what exactly Sherlock is doing. His eyes meet Sherlock’s once again, that never left his, and John opens his mouth but this time Sherlock doesn’t even let him begin.
“Method!” John repeats, louder. Sherlock wants to step farther away, but his back hits the wall. “Not everything is based on your goddamn methods! Especially when you’re working with actual people, you know!”
John makes him breakfasts, makes sure he takes his medication three times a day, stays hydrated and is well rested. All his days merge into one dull existence. He takes clients, but John is very strict when it comes to chasing criminals around London and that’s what Sherlock desperately needs now.
For a while – or a longer while, John isn’t sure – they both sit still, absorbed in their own thoughts. John feels the warmth of Sherlock’s body and it’s the only thing that reminds him of the other man’s presence; and maybe also his own regular breath, coinciding with his heartbeat.
When he composes himself after a moment and lifts his eyes to meet Sherlock’s for the first time, Sherlock sees tears in them.
His lips wander up Sherlock’s neck, putting the first delicate kiss on it. Sherlock sucks in air rapidly when John’s lips mark his skin with other kisses, moving up, kissing his jaw, and at last finding his lips. John stops for a moment and only catches Sherlock’s lower lip between his lips, and then takes one step away, waiting for Sherlock to open his eyes, so John can see consent in them. Sherlock opens his eyes and for a moment John forgets how to breathe because he sees
He doesn’t say a word about it. He suspects John thinks he didn’t notice. Sherlock never corrects him from that mistake.
It feels like the midday sun burning your skin. Or like lying down on the grass in the middle of nowhere, not a single street lamp in sight, and watching the night star-studded sky. It’s like the perfect alignment of all the planets. Like total eclipse, once in a lifetime. Inevitable and unforgettable, unchangeable. Incomparable to anything else.
He follows Lestrade down the stairs, to the basement. The human skeleton sitting in a Shakespearean-like pose would have seemed to be a treasure trove full of mysteries to him. It ought to fascinate him.
“That was amazing,” John says, trying to catch his breath when they both climb up to 221B Baker Street. Sherlock leans his back against the wall and breathes heavily, tilting his head back and smiling broadly. John brushes his hair, still damp from the rain outside. There is perfect silence between them. The darkness of the night is only lit by the glow coming through the half-open door to the corridor. John shakes his head, smiling to himself. Sherlock falls down on the couch and John, not thinking about it, sits down next to him. Their knees brush lightly, but neither of them does anything about it. John stretches out his arm across the back of the sofa. It’s almost as if he was embracing Sherlock. “Just amazing,” he repeats, more quietly.
John smiles lightly, and Sherlock has to hold back the shiver going down his body caused by this sound.
Sherlock shuts his eyes and pretends he fell asleep. He foolishly anticipates John will brush his hand with his finger or pull a stranded lock from his forehead so he can feel the warmth of John’s body on his skin, all over him, and he waits and waits and waits, but it’s still unbearably cold and lonely when he actually dozes off.
He does not wonder if he should knock; he doesn’t knock. He takes out the key he never returned to Mrs. Hudson or Sherlock, opens the door to 221B Baker Street and walks inside. He closes the door behind him and goes straight upstairs.
They are trying to catch a murderer whom Sherlock tracked down based solely on his deductions. Sherlock runs first and John is right behind him, hearing only the sound of police sirens in the distance and the insane beat of his own heart. Another lit building passes before his eyes distorted; his gaze is focused on the tall figure in front of him, on the coat fluttering as he moves, on his windswept curls.
“You really want this, don’t you?” John pants in his ear and yes, he’s never wanted anything more, he’s never wanted anyone at all, anyone but John. He doesn’t know if he’s saying this out loud; from how John’s expression changes, he guesses he is. “Lube?” John asks and then goes on to kiss his jaw and neck.
If John heard him, he doesn’t let it show. He takes off his trousers and gets on the bed in just his pants.
His eyes are red and swollen from sleepless nights. He starts losing his hair. It clogs the drain of the shower and he can’t make it stop. His hands tremble treacherously as he collects the clumps.
Sherlock gets up abruptly, stepping onto the coffee table and then to his chair. Mycroft sits down in John’s chair.
Sherlock turns around to face him so abruptly he goes temporarily blind. He blinks a few times and shakes his head.
Before they leave, John goes down to say goodbye to Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock moves John’s red chair back into his bedroom. His thoughts are unbearably light; they’re empty.
John stills and comes inside him, burying his head in the space between Sherlock’s arm and neck, breathing heavily. His body goes limp, a sweet, sweet weight on his chest. Sherlock closes his eyes, breathing in the scent of their bodies that still fills the air.
“God, I want you,” John breathes, and it is Sherlock’s time to dive into his lips as they tumble to the ground and onto the carpet. Sherlock moves on top of him and tries to kiss his lips again but he keeps missing so he just kisses his face, his nose, his jaw, anything he can reach. John’s popped up on his elbows and Sherlock straightens up, still straddling his hips, and when their eyes finally meet, Sherlock cups John’s face in his hands and whispers:
John doesn’t stop kissing him as he pushes inside, slow now, careful with his movements. He leans back slightly, studying Sherlock’s face as he goes deeper.
John pushes Sherlock lightly, making him sit on the bed. He takes advantage of the sudden height difference and entangles his fingers into Sherlock’s hair, brushing it with his hand slowly, and Sherlock closes his eyes and surrenders to his caress. John takes his face in both hands and Sherlock opens his eyes, feeling John’s gaze all over himself. One of his hands moves to Sherlock’s lips; John circles his lips with his thumb, never looking away from Sherlock’s eyes.
it would. I told you: one word. That’s all I would’ve needed. But you never said anything. You never protested when I was making the biggest fucking mistake in my life. How could I have known?”
Sherlock!” John raises his voice. ”I thought after everything that has been said—” He cuts off, breathing heavily. ”Okay, arguing in the middle of the street isn’t the wisest thing to do.”
Maybe John takes him to bed. Maybe he kisses his naked, vulnerable body – which in that moment is already his, and maybe he notices his scars and with a wordless
for once.” He swallows hard. “I’m happy to play the fool. For you.” Sherlock bows his head, closing his eyes. “I will run along behind you like some halfwit, making you look clever, if that’s what you need. But you have to promise me—” he grabs Sherlock’s arm quite forcibly— “this was the last time. You will never do this again, ever.”
“We’ve already decided. I want you to be a part of his life, Sherlock, not just daddy’s friend.” Sherlock doesn’t answer. He doesn’t even know if he can bring out any words anymore. “Would you like to visit us next week?”
But in this universe, it’s not possible. The world keeps swirling and the stars will never let them fall into the same orbit.
“Your husband has nothing to do with this. You are the one who was raped,” Sherlock says dryly and even though the woman seems to pay no attention to him, John gets up and approaches him, standing so close to him that the space between them is filled only with the mix of their breaths.
Sherlock turns around from the window and for a moment, his eyes meet John’s. He reaches for his scarf and tangles it around his neck.
Sherlock stops automatically. He hates the control John has over him. One word, that’s all it takes.
. It’s a Japanese expression. It is used to describe the feeling you get when you meet someone and know you are destined to fall in love.
“Your back looks like it’s been whipped repeatedly.” John steps closer to him. Sherlock feels sudden dizziness and has to lean on the wall slightly. “I want to know who did this. When did it happen?” Sherlock keeps quiet. “Answer me, dammit!”
“You went into cardiac arrest, again. It was hypoglycaemia caused by malnutrition and lack of—“ he cuts off, running his hand over his face. “Why did you try to hide from me that you were in such a bad state, Sherlock? I’m a doctor, I could have helped—“
Or maybe in every universe, including the one he’s been placed in, John leaves, and Sherlock is left alone.
When they enter the room and Sherlock sees the corpse, all other worries and regrets cease to matter. He’s hooked.
Sherlock comments on the ignorance of the writers of the detective show they’ve been watching and when John smiles at him lightly, Sherlock hates the goosebumps that appear on his skin immediately after.
Sherlock lets out a broken gasp and grips John’s face in both his hands, crushing their mouths together. John lets him dominate the kiss, to take whatever reassurance Sherlock needed from it. When they move apart, there’s no more subtlety in Sherlock’s gaze — now it’s filled solely with desire.
Molly doesn’t go on cases with him anymore. Sherlock never offers it again, anyway. Lestrade always asks about John, and Sherlock never replies. Ironically, he notices, things are starting to fall into place.
He has no idea who first said that time cures all things. He only knows they must have been an idiot.
It’s Mycroft who tells John, in the end. Sherlock tried putting a speech up in his mind, something he could tell John to somehow make it all right, but he just couldn’t. Nothing he could say will make this right.
During some sleepless nights, Sherlock loses the everlasting battle with himself. Not turning on a single light, even the one next to his bed, he walks out of his bedroom and silently climbs up the stairs. He stands at the doorstep of John’s bedroom – the door is always open – and just listens. He listens to John’s breath, his body rubbing against the sheets. He never stands there for longer than a few minutes – he’s too afraid one night his mere presence or a too sharp breath would wake John up and then Sherlock could no longer lie, because how could he possibly explain something like this?
It’s like having his skin set ablaze. He burns himself up to give John light and the thing is: if given a choice, a chance to end this, he wouldn’t. In all pasts and presents and futures, he wouldn’t give up on John, even if not giving up means paying the highest price. He would pay it and burn his heart down over and over and over and over again for John.
Eight months. Eight months, more or less, that’s what he’s got left. He knows that if he doesn’t let him go now, he’ll only make all
"I don’t want to come between your friendship, Sherlock,” she says. "I really don’t. John will forgive you eventually, that’s how he is.”
There are approximately one hundred billion neurons in a human brain. Oddly enough, in his brain all of them seem to work only for John.
He wakes up in a bed that’s certainly not his, John’s or Mycroft’s; he opens his eyes and sees the familiar white walls and floors. St. Mary’s Hospital. Sherlock spits at the irony.
Sherlock smiles blankly, knowing fine well John will see through that fake smile. He takes his cup of coffee and leaves the room.
“I didn’t know the pregnancy was fake,” Sherlock says slowly and his voice is husky and broken, but he doesn’t care. “I—I’m sorry, John.” He swallows and looks up at him. “I was just trying to protect you.”
, John’s weight on him, his tongue in him, his hands cupping his face and it’s perfect, it’s like it always should be. John leans back and they’re both panting for breath, their eyes never leaving each other.
“I think…” John begins. His voice croaks and he has to clear his throat before he’s able to say anything. “I think what I’d want to tell her. Mary. I was thinking about it and…” He cuts off.
“We have certain suspicions that our MPs in Brussels could have been… bribed,” Mycroft starts without preamble. “The Prime Minister has personally asked to bring this matter to your attention.”
“Alright?” John whispers and Sherlock simply pulls him down for a soft kiss, feeling John position himself between his legs.
Maybe Tantalus’s greatest punishment wasn’t eternal starvation, after all. Maybe it was the fact that despite the painful self-realisation, he couldn’t end his misery.
He has to remind himself a couple of times everyday that after all, this is why he faked his own suicide, this is why he gave up on everything he used to care about, this is why he sacrificed himself and backed away from his life for two years, this is why he let himself be tortured and beaten – so that John could be happy. With hindsight he knows that this has always been only half of the truth; but it doesn’t matter now.
Sherlock spits at the irony of her words. He regrets every second even though he knows it makes no sense. He’d turn back time and bleed out in front of John just to show him he’d do everything for him, but it would all end up here anyway.
. Of course, she will. When the first shock is over, John will accept his apology, whichever Sherlock offers, and everything will be back to how it used to be.
"Sherlock, uhm… I know these last weeks we haven’t been too close to each other, but it doesn’t change the fact that—” He clears his throat. "The best man. At my wedding.”
John makes himself coffee and brings Sherlock a cup of tea to the living room. Sherlock stands next to the window and composes another piece. They exchange a short glance, but John doesn’t ask what Sherlock is thinking about. Sherlock is almost grateful for his silence, although he suspects John wouldn’t believe him anyway if he’d told him he’s not thinking about anything.
“It wasn’t a good idea; I shouldn’t have—” He swallows hard. “I shouldn’t have taken you there. I know you probably wanted nothing to do with it.”
The light we see has travelled for millions of years to reach Earth just in the time of our lifespan. The star that produced it might not even exist anymore, but that doesn’t mean that the light we see isn’t real. It’s just as real as it was when it was emitted by that one particular star. It’s as real as anything else our eyes perceive and transmit in the form of nerve impulses (simply electrical current, really) to our brains. As real as anything else we see.
His jaw was stinging and he couldn't see or hear anything for the next few seconds. The alcohol wasn't helping either.
"Okay, well, now that I'm here, you don't need to be worried about being bored. Let's go." He undoes Sherlock's shackles and they step out of the small cell. The light bulb outside blinds him for a second and he stands there, eyes closed against it.
Sherlock sprung up from his chair and started pacing around the room, his nerves on edge. He fiddled with his phone, his fingers hovering over the call button, Mycroft's name flashing on the screen.
The tremor in his hand starts to act up and he feels the muscles in his leg and shoulder tense with the memory of war.
"If I'm correct about the shoes, which I know I am," Sherlock said confidently, "the murderer is the shop owner."
[04/10, 6:08 pm] YOU: Us? Do you honestly think there was an "us"? Ever? You knew how much I cared; you took advantage of it. Mycroft, may be stupid, but he was right when he told me that caring about you or your family was never going to be an advantage. - SH.
Sherlock, as a rule, never had nightmares. It was not that he hadn't seen his fair share of blood and mangled corpses.
He squints at his surroundings and tries to deduce where he is. The place smells of rotten carcasses and sweat. There is a tiny light bulb at the centre of the ceiling but it is unlit. The only light in the room is from the small window to his left.
“What’s wrong?” Sherlock asked carefully. John put his cup down with a small slam. He folded the paper, letting it ruffle loudly.
And there he was, slowly sinking to the bottom of the pool. Sherlock had only just noticed the bullet wound in John's side.
John stood a couple of minutes outside of the front door letting his anger simmer for a bit. When his fingertips started getting cold he fished out the keys and opened the door. The hallway was warm so John took off his jacket and hung it beside Mrs. Hudson’s jacket. His steps were heavy as he climbed the stairs up to the first floor. When he reached the top he stopped at the doorway looking at Sherlock sitting in his chair. Sherlock didn’t register his presence and continued to look down at his phone. Angrily John stepped into the kitchen to make tea. Sherlock hummed but John decided to ignore it. As he carried his tea back into the living room Sherlock jumped out of his seat.
Sherlock glances at John. His face is calm, collected. John isn't afraid. But Sherlock is. It's slowly coming back to him now. He knows who these men are. What they're capable of. He has seen the bodies they have left behind all over London. He doesn’t want them anywhere near John.
"Tell me where you are John, I'm coming," Sherlock said, as he thundered down the staircase, not bothering to change out of his pajamas. He needed to rescue John.
"John, I need you to breathe slow and steady, okay?" Sherlock squeezed John's arms. Together they took a few breaths, John getting his breathing under control.
He regrets the fight they had and every goddamn text he sent. But he knows that he has already apologized for it. He had apologized to Sherlock the morning he was kidnapped.
John gasped and slumped against the wall, the smell of sterile chlorine and cleanliness stinging his nose. He could not stop the flashbacks, not after he had seen Sherlock like....that.
"Listen John," Sherlock said dragging John a little closer to him, their chest almost bumping, "these people are harmless. I can deduce every single one of them, and none of them are dangerous."
"If I recall correctly, the exact words in your text were, 'Your wife is creating a scene here. Prolly missing you. Come and collect.' You mentioned nothing about John getting into a fight and being in a potentially life threatening situation while inebriated. Have you no brains whatsoever. "
He felt inexplicably angry. At himself, at Sherlock. Sherlock knew John had been trying to patch things up with Sarah, but he still chose to interfere in their matters.
Sherlock stood frozen in place, the memories of drunken sex and forced blowjobs in narrow alleyways rendering him motionless. His body had frozen up, but he could hear the man talking. He was saying something, if only Sherlock could focus for once if he could just focus. "...... 're not Jim" and "my Jim isn't here" filtered through the fog in his brain. The name sent shivers down his spine.
It was Sherlock’s turn to go still. He stared at the laptop, not registering what he had previously typed. His mind was in chaos.
He glanced at John who was staring at the couple too, with something akin to what Sherlock was feeling. Their eyes met for a brief second before Sherlock turned away.
Sherlock did not deserve him. He had no right to even think of touching him. Let alone think of cuddling him.
He cannot see Sherlock because two men are blocking his view of him, and he starts kicking at them frantically.
"Sher-" he started before he started to go limp in Sherlock's arms. The two men fell to the floor and there they stayed until Lestrade found them ten minutes later; John snoring in Sherlock's embrace.
Dead bodies, sick bodies all of them seemed to pile at the hospital. In conclusion, Barts was as dangerous as life itself. Why this was news to John, completely escaped Sherlock’s understanding.
John took the coat down from the hanger, and put it on. He was out the door and had stepped into the rain when he had realised he had forgotten the umbrella.
Sherlock set down the laptop on the coffee table and stood up too. Trying to deny it all was the only option he had left.
"You don't look okay," he said, taking a sip from his own drink. Mike had barely finished two glasses.
John woke with a start, a sinking feeling settling at the pit of his stomach, the crick in his neck hindering his movements.
A pang of loneliness crept up on him as he looked at them. One of them had a dog and worked as a strip dancer in a gay bar. The other man was a writer. Sherlock wondered briefly what their story was, how they had met. He wondered if they felt the same adrenaline rush that he did when he was with John-
“Oh come on John. We both know you crave the adrenaline of being with me.” He gives John a smug grin.
Comments and kudos are highly appreciated. Comments will certainly make us scream (in delight if that wasn't clear btw)
The rain pelted heavily against the window pane. John did not know what he was feeling but "cozy" certainly wasn't it. Sarah had said it would feel cozy, warm to catch up in a blanket fort. And so they had set about making the fort. Which consisted of a measly three blankets. Neither of them had the energy to make a real fort. John burrowed under the blanket a little further, winding his arm around Sarah's shoulder when his phone started beeping. Sarah was asleep. He didn't want to wake her but it could be Sherlock. He could be in danger. John sighed and gently retrieved his arm, reaching for his phone.
“Yes, it was. Almost everything is more important than your relationships John. The average time they last is about 2 to 4 weeks. Sarah’s was the longest. Anything that short lived is not worth my attention.” Sherlock huffed out a breath and picked up the laptop, idly typing out the results of his previous experiment.
Then along came Jim Moriarty. He had at first tried to dig up Sherlock's somewhat rocky past. But it hadn't affected him. He had remained stoic even as people were murdered in front of him, quite possibly because of him. Nothing pierced his armor.
What John had implied right now….. It couldn’t be….. How could he have been so stupid. Sherlock had resolved not to let John find out. Not to let anyone find out.
Sherlock felt the graze of John’s lips against his own.He closed his eyes, reveling in the sensation because he knew it wasn’t going to last. When he finally opened his eyes it wasn’t John who was standing before him. It was someone else.
There is no John Watson here. There was no one screaming. And John is never going to come to save him. Or talk to him ever again.
All he hoped was that John would come to save him soon. And yet deep down, he knew that John was not coming. He was probably in Baker Street contemplating whether or not he should move out. Knowing John, he had probably thought it all out.
Sherlock jerked his head away, and stood up, panic creeping up his throat. The man who was before him, who he had somehow missed, was definitely high. He was dangerous. Even while high, the way he carried himself reminded Sherlock of John. If John was a drug addict, that is.
[04/10, 6:03 pm] YOU: Unlike you, I'm someone who cares about her. You take her away yourself or Sarah will come to you crying, I promise. -SH
The men holding him, start to drop dead one by one, all of them shot through the head. When there are two of them left, the sniper stops shooting, probably reloading, but John doesn't have time to wait for them to reload. He elbows one of them in the ribs and kicks the other mercilessly in the groin.
"I rec'nized it when he inserted it." John smiled fondly at Sherlock. Sherlock smiled back and tried to walk John out of the storage room and out where Lestrade and his team would be soon.
[04/10, 6:22 pm] JOHN WATSON: Aren't you the best father ever? Thank you for making me feel like shit again, twice in a single day... How do you pull that off every single fucking time? And bold of you to assume I want to come back to Baker Street. Sarah will be there in minutes.
“All right. But only if you join me in the bath.” He gave John a mischievous smile as he let his hand drift down, caressing John through his pajama bottoms and making it clear that while his nipples may not be available for sex, the rest of him still was.
John paused for a moment when he was fully seated, taking a moment to kiss Sherlock's chest, neck, chin.
“Katherine Louise,” Sherlock said, quiet but certain. John felt his eyes mist. They had discussed names, of course, but he’d never really expected Sherlock to choose something so sentimental as naming their daughter after John’s mother and their wonderful landlady, who was currently like a mother to the both of them. “And Hamish Michael.”
John’s ears rang in the near silence of the room. Suddenly, his own breathing seemed to drown out the sounds of the two men as they recovered from their orgasms. He tore his gaze from Sherlock’s, daring to look out into the room. The two men were kissing, much more gently now, helping one another to button and tuck and set their clothing back to rights. Nearly as quickly as they’d entered and begun, they finished dressing and left.
Arousal tightened his stomach as John deepened the kiss. John’s mouth was pressing harder against his, tongue sweeping into Sherlock's mouth, the hand at Sherlock's nape holding him firmly in place. As John drew back, he tugged Sherlock's lower lip between his teeth, nipping at it gently before pulling away, still holding Sherlock's body tightly to his own.
“Like this. Please!” he urged John closer, attempting to grind against John despite John's pajama bottoms impeding his goal.
John kept his grip light at first, just slow drags that slid his foreskin up into a pout before dragging it back down to reveal the plump, pink head of his cock. Soon, Sherlock was fully hard and arching into John’s touch, hot breath panting against John’s neck. John firmed up his grip and began sliding faster, adding a pass of his palm across the head on every few passes.
“-will be-” John cut off, eyes widening. “Yes. Yes of course I want to have sex with you. Christ, Sherlock, you’ve no idea how much! But, if you would rather not-”
“Are you alright? Not feeling peaky are you?” he asked, licking his lips as he scanned Sherlock’s face.
His transport was out of control. No matter how much he told himself not to eat, to ignore the plates of toast John set before him in the mornings, or the cartons of takeout he brought home for dinner; no matter how he reminded himself that eating slowed him down and was clearly having an adverse affect on his transport, something inside him had refused to listen. Some little part of him (he refused to acknowledge that it might be the Omega inside of him) had basked in the fact that
“Upset? No. Incredibly turned on? Absolutely! I’m having a hard time reminding myself why I shouldn't just throw you on top of the bed and fuck you into the mattress right now.”
Sherlock waited patiently while John replaced the plug, then let himself be dressed. He followed John from the building and leaned against him in the cab. They would be home soon.
John lifted Sherlock's leg and tilted his face down just long enough to watch as he fed the tip of his cock into Sherlock's hole.
“No, don’t look like that. Whether you want to or not, your body is going to demand lots of sleep over the next few days. Heat sex takes an incredible amount of energy. Your body needs to rest between rounds. Until you are in full blown heat, we are going to snuggle and rest.”
“Yes. Just like her Daddy.” John’s voice was thick with emotions as he stepped closer, pressing a kiss to Sherlock’s hair.
Sherlock felt as though his chest might burst. He wanted so very much to respond to John’s words, but his throat felt as though he’d swallowed a rock. He tried to swallow around it.
Sherlock babbled on as he tipped over the edge, his orgasm spraying ejaculate over John's hand and Sherlock's stomach even as inside his muscles began to milk John's cock.
Sherlock took a deep breath as cold gel was spread across his stomach. The technician shot him an apologetic smile, even as he pressed the applicator to his slightly rounded abdomen. He shifted it around a bit, staring at the monitor, before pressing a button on the keyboard, then shifted the wand again.
“I would have told you if I’d realized. I didn't mean to hide it from you. I know you didn't want any of this, but I would never deliberately keep something this important from you.”
John sighed. “Someone replaced Sherlock's suppressants with sugar pills. He didn't recognize the symptoms for what they were until it was too late.” John didn't mention that he had assumed Sherlock had chosen to stop taking them, or that he had thought he'd done so for The Woman. “Ideally, we need to secure 221B against whomever it is.” It was always best for an Omega to endure their heat at home. “If that's not possible, we need to move him to a secure location immediately.”
It had been a week since Sherlock had had a wink of sleep. The case had provided an adequate distraction from the fact that he needed sleep. But it ended, just like all other cases and he was brought down from the high of being hot on the trail of another criminal.
John downed the rest of his glass before setting it down on the table. He didn't care that this was his fifth glass and he was very much drunk. Mike Stamford stared at him from the other side of the table like he was an alien.
The bad news was that his phone had got lost somewhere during the scuffle, maybe even had been stepped upon. Mike Stamford was still at the bar, calmly sipping from his glass. He didn't seem to be bothered by the fact that John had just beaten up some random bloke because he had called Sherlock names.
He had buried it in the deepest corners of his mind; but now, the secret was out. John had somehow deduced Sherlock’s true feelings. The carefully maintained order in Sherlock’s mind decimated as quickly as sand slipping through his fingers.
Sherlock got into the cab. He had left Mrs Hudson to babysit Rosie, but he was worried about her. As arrogant as he was, he knew that spending time with a sociopath was not good for a child and her psychological health. The girl didn't even know what to call Sherlock. She kept on switching between Sherlock and Uncle Sherlock. But Sherlock remembered that initially Rosie had called Sherlock daddy. When Rose gained some years John had successfully made her understand that Sherlock was not her dad.
This fact hurt Sherlock, but he took it in stride, since John was right. He was never Rosie's father to begin with. But he cared. He cared about her more than his dead bodies and more than his cases.
They're two meters away from freedom when John stops. Sherlock looks back at him in confusion and freezes in place. Five armed and masked men stand behind John, each of their guns trained on either Sherlock or John.
Sleeping that night was harder than Sherlock had imagined. The guilt churning in his gut was worse than not being able to solve a case, even though he had solved this one.
"He called didn't he." Her voice wasn't cold. It was routine, ordinary. To an outsider she would look like the news didn't matter to her.
Once in a blue moon, John could join Sherlock for cases. These occasions were rare and extremely valuable to Sherlock.
"See that store over there? The antique one?" Sherlock dropped a hand and pointed towards the other side of the street, one block down. John nodded again, the fear in his eyes subsiding a little.
One of the bulkier men frees John from the chair he's tied to and ties his hands behind his back instead. He pulls John by the hair and forces him to his knees. The shorter man still has the gun pointed at Sherlock, so John doesn't raise a finger to defend himself. He swallows down the panic that rises in his throat.
"It was a good case," John mumbled. Sherlock felt his heart flutter with affection and leaned his cheek against John's head.
Mr Forster falls to the ground, his brains blown out. John has a second to wonder where the bullet came from before he hears Sherlock's scream of pain. John tries to rip himself free from the men's hands but their iron grip is too strong for him. He hears himself scream Sherlock's name into the gag over and over as tears threaten to choke him.
“So deep, so open … oh …. Oh … Sherlock!  Oh, God!”  John panted pushing against the headboard not allowing the pounding thrusts to be negated by the give of his hips against the force of it.  He couldn’t arch his back enough, he couldn’t press hard enough against the headboard and he couldn’t get close enough to Sherlock.  It was all too much, but not enough.  The pounding continued, oh, blessedly continued, his arse so open and willingly taking each thrust.
“No, six months ago I had my first erection in ten years.  Obviously.  Do keep up John, repeating myself is boring.”
John just about jumped out of his skin when Sherlock’s unmistakable voice boomed at him from the sitting room.  “What?  Why?”  His vision of quietly disrobing and cuddling up to Sherlock’s warm, blissed-out body had just been heart-breakingly shattered.
Sherlock was shaken by the site of John opening himself up more fully to him, allowing him inside.  He rocked in and out slowly, taking him, making John a part of him.  John’s eyes were closed in concentration, his knuckles white as he gripped onto Sherlocks arms and shoulders.  When Sherlock went unexpectedly deep, John gasped and opened his eyes.
In the hustle from ambulance to A&E, John had a moment to ask, "Sherlock, what the hell was that about? You are fine, right?"
Sherlock woke to an annoying yet familiar buzzing in his ear and the sight of way too much light streaming through an unfamiliar window.
“It would seem I am your captive audience.”  Sherlock motioned toward his leg being worked on by John.
“Right then.  Scoot yourself over to the other side of the bed.  I’ll turn on the light over there and see what we’ve got.”  John sat on the edge of the bed, flipped the lamp on and pulled back the cover.  John sighed.  Sherlock still had on his black pants obstructing his view of the man’s hip but he could definitely see some blue and purple bruising peeking out under the edges of the fabric.  “Turn a bit away from me onto your side,” John instructed as he gently prodded the area with his fingers.   “Sherlock, take these off, I can’t see,” John tugged at the hem of the pants a bit trying to pull them out of his way for a proper exam.
“NO!”  John shook his head.  “No, absolutely not.  That’s not what I meant at all.”  John moved in closer and placed a hand on Sherlock’s arm.  “Listen,”  when he knew he had Sherlock’s attention and eye contact, John continued.  “Sherlock, you and I have been best friends for a long time, I’ve lived with you and I thought I knew you and your habits pretty well.  I’m saying that I didn’t think you were into sex, of any form, at all.  I’m the last person to judge you, mate.  My own personal history aside, you’re my friend and I wouldn’t do that.  Understand?”
Sherlock walked purposefully into a back entrance to the club and then into Mycroft’s own inner sanctum.  No limping, no change in gait, just more slowly.  He’d been to this office before, most of the time after Mycroft’s goons had kidnapped him but it was also where they had plotted Sherlock’s own death and disappearance.
Dr. Humphrey nodded approvingly. "It's a bit irregular, but," he snapped his gloves off, "all right. I have another trauma coming in any minute and it doesn't look like he'll notice the difference," he motioned toward Sherlock.
“Of course it is.”  Sherlock joined me, sitting directly next to me.  “I do, however, have a short list of reasons why it is a good idea to allow our relationship to become physical.  Would you like to hear them?”
Sherlock had taken his own stitches out of his hand a few days later. John had brought home a removal kit from work and announced his intention to remove them, but Sherlock lifted his hand in the air, not taking his eyes off of his laptop long enough to acknowledge John and simply said "already done" before he went back to work with whatever research he had been doing.
Left border, in.  Right border, in.  John concentrated on making his strokes even and gentle.  It didn’t take long before John had enough to use for a sample.  “Okay.  It’s over.  I’m removing my finger.”
“Okay.  Never let it be said that I wasn’t the least bit fair.”  He smiled and quickly removed his jumper and undershirt.
“No, it’s fine, John.  The sheet will be fine.  I’ll only need to undress from the waist down I presume?”
“hhhmph,” Sherlock was a bit taken aback but decided that the man’s pectoral muscles were well-formed and pleasing enough to possibly start him off in the right direction.  He allowed his coat to be slipped off his shoulders but cringed when it was left in a heap on the floor.  Mike/Mark was looking at him expectantly and brought his face in closer, obviously for a kiss.  On the mouth.  Sherlock put his hand on Mike’s chest and gave a wan smile.  “Sorry, so sorry…it’s just …”  he squirmed out of M’s hold and picked up his coat.  “I know, I just have to…” he turned and waved in the general direction of the small closet and hung up the Belstaff.
I scrubbed a hand through my hair and figured out I’m on the dance floor by myself.  Fuck.  One word comes to mind…. Retreat!
While Maggie was busy yammering on about fever and risk for sepsis, John rolled his eyes and removed the blanket. Sherlock motioned toward his trousers with a flourish in an obvious effort to prove his point to John.
John awoke with the sun barreling in through the windows and his body sprawled out lengthwise on the sofa.  He took a moment to remember why he had fallen asleep in the lounge, then raised his head eagerly searching for his flatmate.
John was looking at his feet, he wore a tight-lipped smile and nodded.  He hurt.  Sherlock had hurt him.  deeply.  “Yeah, yeah.  I see it.  Ta.  Thanks for the shag then.”  He turned to leave.
“Has it ever occurred to you that people are NOT, in fact, data?  Did you ever think that the things you do and the way you manipulate their thoughts and feelings, might have some consequences?”
“The PTSD part of that is that your brain isn’t going to choose a more pleasant memory to flash back to.  It picks the memory causing the PTSD in the first place.  You don’t get to tell it which one to go to.”
John pulled up a chair and sat at the bedside pulling out the tiny scissors and tweezer.  Sherlock had already taken the bandage off.  John got to work pulling the sutures out.  “You know that I’m not ignoring it … us… this whatever between us,” John stammered.
“I’ll go find you a set of scrubs to wear home,” John said as he applied an ointment to Sherlock’s rash.
John cleared his throat and nodded.  John’s emotions were difficult to read.  There was hurt, disappointment, jealousy maybe?  Sherlock wasn’t sure.
“Right.  Okay then.  Putting aside the fact that I didn’t even think that was possible, you had an erection for the first time in ten years, six months ago.”  John repeated.  “Then what happened.”
John pulled down the scrub pants to just below Sherlock’s bottom.  “Ta.  I did  too.  Maybe, when you feel better…”  John was hopeful as he continued to rub the soothing medicine into Sherlock’s cheeks.
“Fuck off.”  My actions do not profess what my words are saying as I clench a needy hand around his bicep.
Sherlock kissed him sweetly.  “No apologies.”  He rubbed a thumb across John’s cheek.  “I do love you, you know.”
“Sorry.”  Sherlock looked apologetic and steeled himself, locking into a course of events to make himself into who he needed to be.  He lifted his hand, unsure but settled, and placed it firmly on M’s chest once more.  It kind of felt like he was grabbing a breast but then Mikah/Marcus flexed and he was pretty sure women’s breasts didn’t do that.  “Oh, that’s … uh … good.”
John picked up the newspaper.  “Just for the novelty of it, I suppose.”  He opened the paper.  “What would you like for dinner tonight?”
Mycroft nodded once.  “I’ll wait in the hall for you to gather yourself.  You have three minutes to join me.  Of course, a shower isn’t possible at this time, I’m sure you are aware.”  Mycroft moved closer to the door, umbrella draped over his forearm.  He paused at the door.  “There is an agent in the room above, below and on each side of this room.  Do not try to run off.”
John grabbed the thermometer from Sherlock’s hand, “you’re not sticking that in my bum,” he explained in no uncertain terms and then placed it correctly into his own mouth closing his lips around it and glaring at Sherlock.
“Yes.”  I raised my hips and he quickly divested me of the rest of my clothing.  Skin on skin from head to toe.  It felt surreal.  It felt like I should have been doing it my entire life.  I felt his right hand reach under my balls placing a finger at my opening.  I couldn’t stop the gasp that came out of my mouth.
John sighed.  He’d taken care of minor issues with Sherlock before, lacerations, blunt-force trauma, sprained ankle, even a rash at one point—all advanced first aid sort of things.  He wasn’t sure having his best mate as a patient was a good idea for this though.  There would be very personal exams, prolonged care and follow up.  He supposed that having someone he trusted would set Sherlock’s mind at ease a bit though, especially if he’d already been through this before and apparently had a somewhat less than a stellar physician in charge of his care.  The testing can be rather barbaric to a young lad.  Sherlock must not have been much out of university when this first happened.
“Will you be starting directly on the topic of a therapist or will you bore me with small talk beforehand?  Each day I wonder.  I’m trying to gather enough data on your body language, mannerisms, quirky ticks and whether or not you smile while handing me my tea to see if I can guess which it will be, but, as I’ve said before, John, you constantly surprise me.”
The cock to cock contact was fucking glorious.  Sherlock gasped and pulled his own knees as far apart as his could all the better to settle John between them more fully.  John grabbed both of Sherlock’s shoulders and started moving up and then down, sliding their cocks alongside each other.
“Fine!”  Sherlock reached back and hooked his thumbs in the material on both sides, giving his pants a harsh tug.
"Yes, thank you, Doctor." Once he was off of the dreadful board, Dr Humphrey adjusted the head of the gurney and Sherlock was able to see the entire room. John furrowed his brow when he noticed Sherlock had a look of challenge on his face. He knew Sherlock and he knew this was definitely going to be a bit not good.
John smiled knowingly.  “Oh, you are a bad man.  You want to see the damage you’ve done to my arse.”
John cut him off.  “I don’t give a damn how unlikely it is or how much of a paddy you throw.  I’ve watched you die, I’ve watched you fling yourself into danger too many times to count, I’ve killed for you, I’ve wanted to die to follow you, I’ve seen you,”  John couldn’t hold back the emotion finding its way into his voice.  He stopped.  Closed his eyes and took a deep breath.  Finally, he opened them and leveled Sherlock with a glare.  “Find another way.”
“Hello,” John said amiably taking in the brothers.  “Sherlock?  Didn’t expect you here.  Were you on this case?  Your brother called me to have a look at the poor girl although I wish you would’ve called in a female physician.  Think she might be more comfortable with one.”
“Alright.”  It would mean that he would have to make another trip across town to St Bart’s lab again, but if that made Sherlock more comfortable, then he would do it.  “I’ll get a prescription of antibiotics and a specimen cup while we’re there.”
He pushed me onto my side and grabbed my hip once more.  I felt his cock slide out minutely and push back into me.
John nodded and moved back to where he was previously positioned, underneath Sherlock, on his back, legs spread wide and wrapped around Sherlock’s back.  Sherlock laid down on top of John and pushed his hands underneath the warm and tender man to grasp at his arse.  He held one cheek in each hand and pulled him up into Sherlock’s groin.  He moaned at the friction.  Sherlock kissed his friend while John moaned into this mouth as well.  The point-counter-point between sandwiching John between Sherlock’s body and his hands was … there were no words.  It was astounding.  The warm friction on his tongue and on his cock felt incredible.  It was amazing.  Familiar and not at the same time.  He felt John’s glorious hands running through his hair, along his jaw, his arms.  He was talking, that silky voice saying such lovely things, calling Sherlock beautiful and brilliant and so many other words.  It was nice, soothing and brilliant.  That was John.  His John.  So fucking brilliant!
“It did, it made me laugh.”  John took a deep breath and moved forward.  “Sherlock, look … if it’s the pain in your backside that you’re just embarrassed about, I get it.”
He found Sherlock on the floor, still in his pyjamas, squished in the space between the toilet and the tub. He was leaning toward the commode, his face hovering over the bowl.  Sherlock barely acknowledged John’s presence before his body seized and he lurched forward, bringing up more bile that spilled into the water.
Sherlock smiled and rubbed John’s shoulder, falling way to the sleepy post-coital haze he was expecting.  “Good.  Maybe I can get my sample then?”
Soon I was shirtless and kissed to within an inch of my life.  My lips swollen with want, my hips grinding into him as much as he grinded his hips into me.  There was something I should say, there was something that needed to be said.  He kissed me some more and all thought escaped my brain.  My trousers and pants were pulled down and away, my cock stroked to full hardness by his warm hand.
Swiftly Sherlock rid himself of his shoes, trousers and pants and tossed them on the chair.  Reminded of his scars, he decided to keep his vest on.  They hadn’t turned out to be raised scars, surprisingly enough, but they were there and could be seen as silvery and some redish lines criss-crossing his back.  If John really needed to see more, he could just push it up, he decided.  He looked at the gown disdainfully before he donned the garment and went to the door.  John had said to knock, but he thought that was ridiculous.  It was just John out there in the remote part of the building.  But he would rather John not see him sitting so gingerly and carefully on the exam table so he did decide to knock knowing he then would have time to get himself seated, without witness, before John came in.
Sherlock opened his eyes as wide as he could, although weakly, “John, that’s ridiculous!  I’ll freeze.”  He burrowed under the covers, still visibly shivering.
John nodded.  “All right, Sherlock.  Good night.”  Reluctantly, John removed himself from Sherlock’s presence.
Sherlock laughed easily at John’s crudeness and then began pulling at his fly.  Sherlock turned around to get his balance with a hand on the counter while he pulled his trousers off of his feet.  He folded his garments neatly and placed them in a neat pile on top of the counter.
“Sherlock, c’mon.  Help me out here.”  John pulled at flaccid limbs expecting to jump start Sherlock into movement.  “Wakey wakey, ya big slug,” John said with affection as he manipulated Sherlock’s body.
John smiled.  “Oh, I’m willing.  Anytime you like.  I just …”   John turned to face Sherlock.  “I don’t want you to feel like you have to stay with me just because … well because of this.  You should be able to relieve yourself of your symptoms without relying on anyone else.  It keeps you independent.”
Oh, the third finger … Sherlock had to stop moving his hand and just listen to John breathe against him for a few moments.  Oh, the third finger did wicked, wicked things to Sherlock’s cock.  In an exercise of pure selfishness, he sunk lower, not touching, not quite and he sniffed John, taking in his scent as if his brain had de-evolved thousands of years and could process human pheromones.  Primal need engorged him causing that base heat in the middle of his core to ramp up several notches at once.
“I can’t make you stop thinking of people as your experiment subjects.  You take what you want, everyone else be damned.”  Once I attempted to defend myself, he shut down my diatribe with a raised hand.  “Yes, yes, all for the betterment of mankind, I’m sure.”  He shrugged.  “Fine.  I give up.  You win.”  He walked with purpose to the next block, I following just as quickly behind.  Soon after, we were sharing a cab ride to Baker street.
John listened to that voice, that calming, sexy, voice as he lazily pulled his hands up Sherlock’s arms, feeling the tight muscles contracted there, up around to his shoulders, locked in place, hovering above him.  He tugged slightly at those beautiful dark curls at the nape of his neck before his fingertips traced the line straight down Sherlock’s spine, guarded on each side by the contracted muscles.  John named the muscles easily in his head as his fingers danced along the broad expanse.  Finally they met with the beautiful swell and the base of his spine into those gorgeous fleshy ass cheeks.  Gently, ghosting over as his spine continued down into the crack of Sherlock’s ass, his coccyx.  Each hand separated, grabbing handfuls of the flesh above him, kneeding them.  The muscles tensed in his hand and he felt Sherlock’s cock push into him once more.  He couldn’t stop the gasp but couldn’t help but revel at the feel of muscle in Sherlock’s gluteus that caused the action.
“You know I’m sensitive to medications.”  He almost sounded panicked.  “I could fall or I could give the cabbie the wrong address or I could even end up at,” he shuddered visibly, “Mycroft’s flat.”
“It's just … well, if you don’t want me to treat you, that’s fine.  Just go to A&E when you’re hurt.  Lestrade offers it every single time.  You never take it so I have assumed that it’s because you’d rather I … treated you at home.”
Molly agrees. Sherlock suspects it’s mostly pity that drives her decision. He decides to brush it off of his mind.
John groaned again. Sherlock felt it vibrate through John’s chest against Sherlock's back. He could feel the heat of John pressed against him, warm and solid. John’s cock was pressed against his arse cheeks, hot and hard. Sherlock felt it twitch and leak as he swirled his tongue around John’s fingers and hummed.
“We haven't bonded,” Sherlock whispered. That seemed to shake him from his quietude, and suddenly he was glaring at John accusingly. “We have fucked countless times over the last several days. You called me pet names, took care of me as if I am precious to you, mmmmade loovve to me-”Sherlock's voice cracked and he looked away, drawing a deep breath before continuing. “And now it's over and we didn't bond. That is what these stupid tears are about!”
There was the slightest of delays during which John hoped Sherlock was seeing the wisdom of his suggestion.
John’s soft smile turned into a full on grin. His “three continents Watson” grin. The one that promised all sorts of naughty fun.
John had pulled back slightly to look up at Sherlock’s face, watching as the first wave of his orgasm washed over him, causing his mouth to drop open and his eyes to fall shut in rapture. And then John was pressing Sherlock hard against the door, burying himself balls deep as his own orgasm tore through him, spilling himself deep inside his lover.
The last ended on a wail as Sherlock buried his face in John’s neck again, arms wrapping tightly around his Alpha. John could only return the hug, burying his own face in Sherlock’s curls, relief, gratitude and love for his Omega filling his chest and tightening his arms.
John swore and pulled back as far as Sherlock's grasping arms and legs would allow. He had just enough room to maneuver the elastic waistband of his sleep trousers down, his heavy Alpha cock springing loose to jut out between them.
John's stomach dropped. Sherlock’s pills had been tampered with. Someone meant to induce a heat in him, meant to leave him vulnerable to violation of the worst sort.
Sherlock had blinked a few times, then stood awkwardly and looked down at John, who was still smiling. John hadn’t said anything else, had merely watched, seeming to expect Sherlock to say something. Sherlock didn’t have any experience with these kinds of situations (and his brain was still mostly off-line), and so had merely nodded and walked down the hall to the bathroom. His already lethargic limbs had grown heavier under the warm spray of the shower, and when he had emerged into his room, he had sat on the edge of the bed, intending to rest a moment before dressing and returning to the front room. Instead he’d found himself waking up (alone) in bed this morning.
John had relaxed almost entirely by the time they left the house party, and if the cab ride home was quieter than usual, he chalked it up to the lateness of the hour. It would appear Sherlock was going to pretend he hadn’t caught John getting a hard on next to him while listening to two men fucking in the next room. Which was, well, it was probably for the best, all things considered. John knew that sex wasn’t Sherlock’s area, and he really didn’t need the other man dwelling on what turned John on (otherwise, he might realize
then that would. Yeah. That would be absolutely fucking brilliant. But I can’t do this if it’s just-” John’s words cut off as Sherlock was suddenly there, kneeling between his knees, hands gripping John’s in place on the arms of the chair.
Suddenly Sherlock rushed forward, wrapping John in his arms as he pressed a hungry, desperate kiss to John’s lips. John responded by wrapping his arms around Sherlock, returning his kiss and pressing their bodies together. He wasn’t sure what was going on, but he wasn’t going to pass up the opportunity to snog his gorgeous mate.
John picked up the pace, growling curse words as he chased his pleasure. Suddenly he bent his knees and grasped Sherlock's legs, shoving up so they rested impossibly higher, opening Sherlock completely to his mercy.
“Let’s get you to bed.” he said, one arm around Sherlock’s waist as he helped him down the hall. He helped him get settled on the mattress, then climbed up next to him, wrapping his arms around Sherlock and tugging him to settle his head against his chest. Soon they both drifted off, with Sherlock pressing his ear to John’s chest, listening to his steady heartbeat.
John moaned into the kiss, hands sliding up from Sherlock's hips, one settling low against his back, the other at his nape. Sherlock's cock slid between their bodies, smearing precum.
John’s body wracked with a shiver at the thought of Sherlock panting breathlessly in his ear. His cock began leaking against the thin material of his pajamas.
Sherlock had felt another round of hormones spiking, slick trickling down his thigh as John traced over his neck with his nose, then his tongue. And then John had dropped to his knees and traced the slick up Sherlock's thigh to its source, tongue probing his entrance insistently.
John’s hand cradled his head oh so carefully, his lips brushing against Sherlock’s as if he were made of something incredibly fragile and delicate. Only after Sherlock's body relaxed against his did he press slightly firmer, the tip of his tongue skimming the seam of Sherlock's lips. When Sherlock’s lips parted, John began taking short sipping kisses that pulled Sherlock's lower lip between his own. Every so often, his tongue would slip into Sherlock's mouth, fluttering against the roof of his mouth just behind his teeth or sliding sinuously against Sherlock’s tongue, teasing rather than claiming.
He huffed, turning away from the mirror. He strode to the wardrobe and yanked out a t-shirt. He needed to go shopping.
Sherlock gasped as John hauled him up with an arm across his chest, his other hand coming up to tug Sherlock’s head back by his curls, not unkindly but definitely with more force than he’d used before. Sherlock’s scent gland was exposed completely, and he felt John’s tongue press against it, wet and hot.
Again, Sherlock cut him off-“No! Yes! I mean, that is, I would be amenable to, that. Us, having sex.”
“Someone tampered with your suppressants! The only possible reason for someone to do that is because they want to catch you unaware and have you! I won’t let them!”
Sherlock woke with a whimper, lower back and backside throbbing, cock hard and aching. He inhaled deeply, humming in pleasure as he picked up on John's scent, close and warm in the air.
“Course. Of course I do. Have for so long I can’t really remember not loving you. Christ, Sherlock. I love you so much, it hurts sometimes. I don’t want anyone else. I want us to be us until we’re old and retired and die in bed of old age together. I’m not going anywhere unless you throw me out. Even then, I’d probably still trail after you like a lost puppy.” his eyes widened as he realized what he’d just said.
Finally, after what felt like an eternity, Sherlock seemed to come back online. He took a deep breath, eyes focusing in on John’s.
Sherlock buried his face in his arms as John buried his face in Sherlock's arse. John's tongue flickered against his hole, dipping in teasing thrusts into the loosened opening. All too soon John pulled back, his playful licks becoming playful nips to Sherlock’s arse cheeks before he spread them.
Sherlocked hummed against John's neck as he felt the pulse of John's release deep inside him. John collapsed back against the bed, entirely relaxed underneath Sherlock. Eventually he stirred enough to press a kiss to Sherlock's hair.
John snorted. “Of course I do! What other possible reason could someone want you to go off suppressants without realizing?”
John forced himself not to rush up the stairs. He was constantly reminding himself not to smother Sherlock, not to treat him like some fragile, delicate thing that needed coddling, despite his Alpha side’s urgings to care for the Omega, to see to his every need, to make sure he was safe and comfortable, well fed and well loved.
John stifled a groan. While he was happy that Sherlock was eating more, it seemed his cravings only ever came in the middle of the night, long after John had drifted off to dreamland.
The suspect, a CFO Sherlock was certain was involved in an embezzlement scheme that had led to the disappearance of a young intern, was followed into the room by a much younger man that John thought looked familiar but couldn’t quite place. He’d had no time to work out how he knew the younger man before the two men had begun kissing passionately and tearing open each other’s clothes. He’d averted his eyes, but the wet sounds of mouths on flesh, the breathy sighs and groans from both men, were much harder to ignore. He’d thought he was doing a good job of tuning them out, when the younger man had started crying out.
Sherlock nodded. A wide grin split John’s face, and then he closed the distance between himself and Sherlock, pressing a quick kiss to his lips and turning back to the food he had prepared.
John’s Alpha was screaming at him to mount his Omega and claim him. His own pleasure was driven ever higher at seeing Sherlock practically writhing in pleasure.
“Have you decided on names?” the midwife’s assistant asked quietly, a cheerful smile seemingly permanently etched to her face.
John chuckled, then slid his hand down Sherlock’s leg, disentangling it and setting it down. Sherlock frowned.
John stepped into the room and towards the bed. Sherlock had pilfered John's bedding during the day, mixing it in with his own and the clothes he had borrowed the night before. The result was a bed piled high with pillows, blankets and clothing heaped in a jumble on the bed, with one soft duvet (Sherlock's) turned back to reveal it all. The bed smelled divinely of them, a tantalizing hint of how it would be if they actually bonded, and John allowed himself a moment to breathe it in.
Sherlock watched from across the room as John chatted with a willowy red headed woman. He could clearly see them across the nearly empty dance floor, near the end of the bar. His stomach clenched as he saw John’s “three continents Watson” smile, the one that never failed to charm his target. They were at a bar, one that required membership and catered to a certain level of clientele that expected privacy and luxury, in that order. There had been a recent rash of break ins at client homes, which the Met had traced back to the club, but Dimmock had needed to call Sherlock in to pinpoint which of the staff were involved.
John’s stomach clenched. Something was clearly wrong. He scanned Sherlock’s form, looking for clues as to what the problem could be. His eyes came to rest on the plastic stick in Sherlock’s left hand. When Sherlock realized what he was looking at, he thrust the piece of plastic at John.
. That hope only grew every time his Alpha side noticed the Omega behaviors seemingly directed his way: eating the food
Sherlock groaned as John pressed him back against the living room door. He tilted his head back, giving John easier access to his neck. He slid down the door a bit, opening his thighs, allowing John to insert his thigh between them. His hips rocked forward as John pressed against his throbbing cock, his hands reaching around to pull John closer, harder. They were both naked, having stripped one another in their eagerness to get hands and mouths on flesh. He had often fantasized about them like this, before they had become whatever it was they were.
John just stared. After a few moments, Sherlock shifted on his feet, unable to correctly interpret John’s reaction and uncomfortable with feeling like he had missed something vital. Finally, John shook his head.
“I don’t want to dance with Rebecca. I want to dance with you. The only reason I was chatting with her at all is because the bartender told me she has an in with the D.J. and I wanted to request a song.”
Sherlock's eyes shot to John's. John could practically see him accessing his mind palace, digging through information he deemed useless to find the relevant details about bonding and presenting.
“No. If someone merely wanted you out of the way, they could have come up with any number of ways they could have incapacitated you for a week, or longer.” John stepped closer. “This, this is about you.” He stepped closer still. “About leaving you vulnerable and unable to say no while they took you and used you and I won’t let that happen!”
Sherlock looked away, swallowing. If he wasn’t careful, John could call an end to their relationship entirely. If he could only prevent that, he could work out how to move their relationship towards and exclusive one later.
“Or?” The hand that had lifted his leg drifted inwards, fingers teasing over the rounded flesh before dipping between his cheeks, just brushing over his hole.
John continued to whisper reassurance and praise into Sherlock’s ear as he began running his hands up and down Sherlock’s chest, toying with his nipples and scratching lightly at his stomach. Once Sherlock had melted back against him, John slicked up his hands, rubbing them together to warm the lube. Then he wrapped one hand around Sherlock’s cock while the other began to cup and tease his testicles.
“John, I would never ask you to leave. We can retire to Sussex. I want to keep bees.” he finally burst out before leaning down to kiss John with all the pent up emotion trying to climb out of his chest. They stopped moving for a few moments as they snogged, right there on the dance floor.
John wanted to take Sherlock in his arms, to comfort and reassure him. But he wasn’t sure Sherlock would welcome him at the moment.
John shouted Sherlock's name as he was brought over the edge, releasing a flood of semen into Sherlock.
The rhythm of the man’s exclamations made it clear he was being fucked, and from the sound of it, was thoroughly enjoying it. Unfortunately for John, he’d always found the sounds of someone being fucked, especially someone who was so enthusiastically vocal, to be a huge turn on. John’s cock hardened in his pants, and he had to struggle to keep his breathing normal. Of course, being trapped in a closet with Sherlock, feeling his warm body next to John, knowing that any minute he could work out exactly how the situation was affecting John, well, that only made his dick twitch harder in an effort to escape its confines.
John couldn’t move. If he did, he was liable to throw Sherlock to the ground and mount him like a dog in heat. He gripped the chair, trying to gain some semblance of control.
At John's question, a whimpering sob burst forth from Sherlock's lips, quickly caught and swallowed back.
He continued murmuring reassurances, allowing Sherlock to scent him as he did so. Soon the tension eased from Sherlock's frame, and he murmured something into John's neck.
John's Alpha side was chomping at the bit, urging him to hurry home, to scent their Omega, to claim him before anyone else could. But John resisted. Sherlock wasn't his. He hadn't chosen to go into heat. He didn't want to be claimed by John.
John's hands tugged at Sherlock's hips and Sherlock began moving, undulating on top of John as he rode John's cock. John groaned and began kneading Sherlock's arse cheeks. Sherlock arched his neck as John continued to suck and bite, leaving a trail of red marks, some of which would no doubt bruise overnight.
John nibbled and sucked, causing the gland to swell in anticipation of the bond bite. Sherlock was shaking with need, nearly there but unable to come yet. The position kept him on edge, at John’s mercy entirely. And then John bit down, hard, thrusting deep and shoving his knot past Sherlock’s rim. Sherlock shouted as he came suddenly, pain and pleasure mingling as John clamped down on his neck, claiming him forever as
Much as he had wanted to fuck Sherlock one more time, he had noticed how red and swollen Sherlock was when he had inserted the plug last time. He almost hadn’t placed it back in, but Sherlock would have hated coming home with come dripping down his legs and he had been so far under John had figured he wouldn’t wiggle enough to cause the plug to shift much on the way home (John had been right, Sherlock was deep enough under to have stilled his mind and body). But he wouldn’t be fucking him again tonight. He would never forgive himself  if he actually injured the love of his life, especially while they played like this. Bruises, welts, rope burn-those were one thing; tearing was another.
Fortunately, the chippie stayed open late as they got a large portion of their business from pub crawlers from nearby pubs. Unfortunately, he’d have to go to the Tesco’s in the opposite direction for French mustard, since it was the only one open this late and the chippie did not serve French mustard.
John sniffed hard, lip curling. Sherlock jumped up, realizing he needed to interfere before his brother was given a black eye or thrown down the stairs. Either was likely with John glaring at him like that.
Sherlock felt numbness creeping over him. This was it. John would leave. He would take one look at that stupid stick and storm out, never looking back.
Sherlock was too far gone to stop and appreciate John's prick. Instead he pulled John close again demandingly, back arching and hands clutching at John's arse in an attempt to drive him where he wanted (needed) him.
“Have fun killing brain cells with Mike. I’m sure the two of you will have a wonderful time reliving your glory days and flirting with simple minded bar floozies!” The last was practically hissed as he hurled himself back around on the couch.
“I. Do you?” John sighed and Sherlock pictured him running that same hand through his hair. “Look. If you need anything. Or, I don't know-”
Sherlock mutely shook his head, refusing to meet his eyes. He wanted to pull away, to push past John and rush out the door, but found himself glued to the floor, unable to do or say anything.
Sherlock stared at the t.v. screen, unseeing. He had finished his pizza and tossed his plate on the coffee table. John had put on some sort of horror film, which Sherlock had tuned out almost instantly. Instead, he was focused on the distance between himself and John. He wanted to close the gap, to reach out or lean over and create points of contact between their bodies. Specifically, he wanted to lay his head in John’s lap and have John run his fingers through his hair, but he was quite certain that was outside the bounds of their current arrangement.
Sherlock heard the underlying worry. He could practically hear the unasked question, John's actual concern: was this just the hormones talking? He forced himself to hold John’s gaze.
John stood and left his office without thinking. He didn’t even stop to notify the desk nurse that he was leaving. Once outside, the fresh air brought a moment of clarity. He couldn't just rush back to Baker Street. What if Sherlock was entering full heat? As an Alpha, it would be difficult to resist an Omega in heat. As an Alpha who was in love with that Omega, who dreamed about what it would be like to one day claim that Omega far too regularly, despite knowing that Omega had no interest in being claimed, much less by him...well that might be damn near impossible. John wasn't willing to risk it.
“Good.  Then budge over.” this was accompanied by John reaching around Sherlock’s shoulders with one arm and tugging him closer, so that his head rested on John’s shoulder. “I’ve been waiting forever for you to finish eating so we could start a good cuddle.” John finished, dropping a kiss to the top of Sherlock’s head.
“I didn't want you to feel forced into this too.” He took a deep breath. “No matter what you decide, you have my support. I would love nothing more than to have a mini you running about the flat, but it's your choice. No matter what, I love you, and will be here to support you.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened at John’s incredulous tone. He realized John was expecting some sort of reply.
Sherlock was gasping in pleasure, head dropping back and eyes falling shut. He was so close. He just needed-
Which could only mean one thing. While he hadn't wanted to believe it (his Alpha side snarled at the thought), Sherlock had gone off his suppressants after his encounter with The Woman. The Woman who John had found naked, straddling Sherlock's lap. The Woman who had captured Sherlock's attention in a way John could never hope to. The Woman who texted him constantly, whose sexy moan ringtone had yet to be changed back to Sherlock's usual ringtone.
“Becca? Short for Rebecca, no doubt. Shortens it to sound younger.” he stopped, drawing in a sharp breath and looking away. “Regardless. I’ve no doubt she would say yes if you asked.”
John's shoulders relaxed. They still had time. Time to make sure Sherlock was safe. Gather supplies.
“Got any other magnificent ideas in that brilliant brain of yours?” he asked, giving Sherlock a quick peck on the lips.
“Well, that’s the official story,” Mycroft said with a shrug. “None of that is why I am here, however. I have come to offer my apologies and offer my support; and ensure you know that you have options.”
“What do you want, love?” John's other hand settled at the small of Sherlock's back, warm and steady.
When John was satisfied with his work, he sat back, eyes glintung as he watched Sherlock writhing over him. His hands rested on Sherlock's hips, thumbs stroking lazily as he watched Sherlock's hips roll and chest heave. Soon Sherlock was panting and sweaty, thighs trembling.
Sherlock glared. “Obviously. I believe that was implied when I admitted to wanting to mate with you.”
Now John had his face buried in Sherlock's arse. He had climbed into the shower with Sherlock and washed him up. He had spent a ridiculous amount of time lathering Sherlock's hair, leaving Sherlock practically boneless against him before soaping up his body. After he had rinsed Sherlock off, he'd begun scenting him.
“I’m not being ridiculous, you clot! You could have any of them over here with just a text. And that was before your body decided to start sending out mating signals left and right!”
Sherlock still hovered in the doorway, still fidgeting nervously. John turned to him with a smile, beckoning him closer.
John's hand drifted from his lower back to his hip, then slid slowly, teasingly towards his cock. When he finally wrapped his hand around it, Sherlock gasped and his hips stuttered. He began grinding on John's cock in earnest, feeling his orgasm rushing on. John's knot was starting to swell, teasing his rim with every pass.
John thrust up hard with every pause. The motion sent the pleasure in Sherlock's body spiking and the words sent him over the edge. His cock twitched and spilled in John's hand, and his back arched, seating John fully inside if him. John thrust a few more times even as Sherlock collapsed against his chest, and then his knot locked him in place as he too spilled.
John was relieved and grateful. He gave his agreement to Mycroft and hopped in the cab that had pulled up to the curb, giving the driver the address at Baker Street and sitting back tensely, unable to relax even as he headed home.
“Oh, John.” Sherlock’s voice was pleased. “Look at how you’re leaking. I want to taste it. But first, you have to come for me, John.” Sherlock leaned forward, so his mouth was millimeters from John’s ear. “John. Oh, John. Please, John. Ah! Ah! Ah!” Sherlock’s voice had gone from deep an teasing to high and needy.
Just as suddenly as he’d begun, Sherlock pulled back and stepped away several steps before turning to face John. His shoulders squared off and his chin tilted upward, but he didn’t meet John’s eyes.
He heard Sherlock leave the bedroom and come down the hall as he pulled plates and silverware out, setting them on the table before turning to face Sherlock.
“Do you really not know how much it turns me on to see you gravid with my child? I spend my days in a constant state of semi-arousal. If I didn’t wank in the shower every night, I’d be poking you in the back all night with the proof of just how much I want you. But I know how tired you are, love, how sore you are every day. I don’t expect you to see to my needs. It's my job to see to yours,” John stated calmly, placing his hand gently on Sherlock’s cheek.
Sherlock was grateful John was holding him so carefully. His knees were weak, his legs shaky. He was quite certain he would have slid to the floor at John's feet without his support. They stood there, Sherlock's breath puffing across John’s ear, John’s breath humid against Sherlock's neck.
Sherlock felt the ache in his backside cresting again. John had come flatteringly quickly once Sherlock had wrapped his lips around his cock, and they had been resting comfortably against the pillows since. He sat up, pushing at John.
Sherlock shivered, hands clenching at John’s shoulders. He closed his eyes, replaying the previous moments in his mind, wanting to capture the feelings and sensations. He tuned back into the music, wanting to remember this song.
John was back before Sherlock could work himself up too much. He leaned in to kiss Sherlock, working himself fully between Sherlock’s legs and leaning forward to press Sherlock against the door again. His right hand rested against Sherlock’s neck for a moment, merely a warm presence, before it drifted down, down, down, fingertips slowly skimming Sherlock’s torso, side, outer thigh before gripping his leg and hoisting it up again, encouraging Sherlock to wrap it around his waist. His lips never left Sherlock’s, his tongue thrust between his lips to slide in and out in a mimicry of what he would soon be doing to Sherlock elsewhere.
“Someone left several bags out on the landing while we were otherwise occupied,” Sherlock stated with a blush.
Sherlock pulled back from John’s neck so fast his head thunked against the door. He hadn’t ever contemplated penetrative sex in this position. But now-.
John growled and dove in to press a hard kiss on Sherlock’s lips, thoughts of breakfast vanishing as his cock hardened at the naughty words whispered so daringly at him.
Sherlock tilted his head back and moaned as he seated himself on John's cock. John's hands on his hips guided him forward and back, eliciting another moan as he caught on to the motion. Soon he was rocking back and forth, hands braced on John's chest as his hips rolled. John reached up with both hands to play with his nipples, rolling and tweaking them gently. Sherlock loved the way his inner muscles clamped around John's cock as he rolled his hips, pleasure building in slow inexorable waves.
Decision made, he hurried up the stairs, heading straight for John’s laundry hamper. He dragged out a dirty jumper, bringing it to his face and inhaling John’s scent deeply before reaching in again. He didn’t question why he needed an armful of John’s dirty laundry, merely bundled it in his arms and carried it downstairs, spreading it all over his bed. He made a few adjustments, tucking a few select pieces near his pillow before stripping and dropping down on top of the pile. He pulled his duvet over his head and breathed deep, dragging in deep pulls of John scented air. His last thought before passing out was that he was grateful John was rather unobservant and would likely not notice the missing clothes until washing day, which gave him several days before he would have to return them.
