I think about it, forcing myself to focus on the question instead of the burning need in my ass as it begins to ache from its emptiness and neglect.
The water is finally as hot as it will get, so I fill up the two mugs and put a teabag in each before carrying them into the bedroom. Castiel has a towel wrapped around his waist, another one in his hand as he uses it to dry his hair. I didn't think it could be possible, but there's a chance he's even sexier like this. Something about being partly covered and looking domestic and at home like he just slipped out of a shower makes me tingly.
“Well, first, I pretty much stole his brother against his will. A brother he’s clearly very close to. Then I sort of goaded him. In my defense, I assumed he was a dick like your father.”
“Yes, Castiel.” Castiel looks up at him in amazement. The doctor is no longer smiling. He’s very serious. “You are not your father, and you are not the man your father forced you to be. Those two men, they would be disgusted with what you just said, but you? You’d be disgusted with yourself if you said anything else.”
Dean startles, staring at the hand. He had expected the therapist to know about him, obviously that was going to happen, but even the receptionist knows?
. Dean was… good about it. I think maybe I weirded him out, though. He wasn’t in bed when I woke up, and I woke up pretty early.”
When Dean looks back down at Jimmy, his heart lurches. The man is unconscious, his breathing too shallow for Dean's liking.
“Benny it is. Thank you.” Dean leans down and presses a kiss to Castiel’s forehead. Holding his lips there, he says quietly, “Really, thank you. I need this today. We need it. I promise it won’t take long.”
I grab my books for first period and slam my locker shut, heading straight to Dean. He must be able to sense me because his head snaps up to look in my direction before I’ve even reached him.
“Yeah.” He presses his hand that isn’t on the back of my neck to my chest. Right over my heartbeat. "It's how I know too."
Kneeling naked on a cushion in a playroom while waiting for your dominant to come use you is far more intense than Castiel ever expected it to be. He’s nearly trembling with adrenaline, need, and a bit of fear by the time Dean strolls into the playroom. Castiel keeps his eyes on the ground and tries to maintain the position he taught Dean to kneel in. It’s fucking hard, though. He has no idea how subs and slaves do it. He can hear Dean walking around and messing with things. It’s torture not to watch. It’s torture not to
He looks up to find Castiel staring at him in awe. When he notices Dean's gaze, Castiel gives him a sad smile and shakes his head. "I missed that laugh of yours so damn much. You never laughed enough before."
“I love you too,” Dean breathes against Castiel’s lips. Tears prick his eyes. “I love you so fucking much, Cas.”
“Hello, Dean.” His eyes scan Dean’s body quickly before making their way back to his face. “Working today?”
Castiel says nothing. He just sits back on the couch, bringing his arms up to rest on the back of it and spreading his legs more so they’re comfortable.
Dean walks around the room in slight-shock, taking it in. The lighting is fluorescent, giving him a mild headache. Chairs are stacked in the corner. There’s a desk off to the side. A giant calendar is on one wall. There’s a random padded green chair in the center of the room. There’s an audio recording playing from speakers, giving instructions about safety and procedures.
“Okay.” Benny walks forward and places his big hand on the back of Castiel’s neck. He gently squeezes the muscles there, and it settles something in Castiel. It’s as if Dean couldn’t be here, so he sent the next best thing; the man he trusts with his life. “Dean wanted you to get to pick out everything you like without having to go to one of those huge ass expos where everyone is trying to convince you to buy something or try something or wear something or god knows what else.”
After sweeping the old carrot pieces away and placing a new carrot in front of them, Dean guides Castiel’s hand and explains, “You want to go slowly until you get the hang of it. Nice and even. The trick is to kind of roll it just like this. See how it cuts so much smoother?”
Everyone exchanges glances, a silent check around the room to see if anyone has more to add. When no one speaks up, all eyes fall on Dean. With a nod, Dean says, “Thank you all. Contact me with emergencies, but otherwise, go to Benny tonight for updates and any minor issues. Have a good night.”
Good thing they have a hose, and it just so happens to be within reach, looped over a hook on the wall. Dean pours more wax over the boy’s ass and crack, tilting Castiel’s body forward just enough for gravity to send some of the wax to his sack. Then he lets him settle back in his restraints and reaches over for the hose.
Any shame or guilt or second guessing himself is long gone. All Castiel can do is tell the truth. "To watch, sir."
"Dr. Warren said these are rare, but not serious, side effects of the new meds. He said if they aren't gone by the end of the week that he will come see you." Dean doesn't sound pleased with this answer. If Castiel felt better, he would smile at the impatience in the controlling man's voice. This must be killing him. "He gave me some ways to help you. I think you should just rest today, okay?"
Dean surges forward and kisses Castiel until the boy is panting. Then he pulls away and presses his forehead to Castiel’s. “I couldn’t imagine being any other way with you. You’re my whole world, Cas. Never doubt that.”
“Then shut it. Moving on.” Dean playfully tugs him to the kneeling box. “And what would we call this fine contraption?”
Castiel regrets asking for this whole bdsm outside of the playroom thing because he'd give anything to reach out for Dean, and he knows that's probably against the rules now.
Trapped in a body I no longer understand or want. Trapped in a situation that I can't control. Trapped with a man who holds so much power over my mind and body that I'm terrified he's going to swallow me up until I'm no longer myself. Until I'm nothing but
Dean rubs himself through his pants as he appreciates the sight of the naked and vulnerable young man before him. Castiel would look so damn beautiful with red wax drizzled over his pretty pale skin.
Castiel laughs softly, even though his eyes are bogged down with worry. It’s a familial worry. The same worry he saw when Sam broke his collarbone last year. The same worry he saw when Dean’s Uncle Bobby almost lost his auto shop because of the bills piling up.
“He was surprisingly calm about it. I think he knew you were going to be sick before you knew. He asked me to come find you and make sure you’re okay.”
“Look at me, Castiel.” Castiel just squirms, peeking at him through his lashes without lifting his chin. That won’t do. Not at all. “Look at me.
“Um… yeah. Yeah. Okay.” Castiel white knuckles the book he’s holding, using both hands as if the 4x6 tiny clump of papers would try to tear itself out of his grip. “Dinner tonight sounds… good. Great. Really great, actually.”
I sigh in relief, though a part of me... this tiny, sad little part of me, is almost… sad. I shove the thought as far down as I can get it and bury it alive.
Tamiel grunts, looking off to the side. He's trying to seem tough and unafraid. It's amusing. Dean glances at his watch and decides to see how long the bravado will last, pressing on a button for a timer to begin.
“Shibari. A simple pattern. Mostly just around your torso. It won’t be tight, but it’ll be enough where you’ll feel it all night. It’ll be a reminder. Like I’m holding you, even if I can’t at the moment.”
When he doesn’t answer, I look up at him. He looks broken. Torn between two decisions. I have a feeling he’s made my dad some promises. I have a feeling dad stuck him with a lot of secrets.
“And if they knew you had a plug in your needy little hole?” he whistles, shaking his head. “Yeah. Yeah, I think you’d like that, wouldn’t you? Should we tell everyone we see that you’re stuffed full for me? Hmmm?”
This makes Dean laugh some more, but his eyes are getting too heavy and his mind is fogging once more. He thinks he'd really like to sleep.
Quickly climbing out of the tub, Dean wraps his arms around Castiel and pulls him into a tight hug that would probably make Castiel wince if he wasn’t in such desperate need of one. “It’s perfect,” Dean says again. “You’re perfect. This house is perfect. Our life together… well, that shit won’t be perfect, but I can feel it, Cas. Can you feel it? It’s gonna be good. I
“You have one choice, Castiel. In the next two hours, no matter what we’re doing, you’re getting one choice. That’s it. Okay?”
Feeling his heart race, Castiel manages to just shrug a shoulder, pressing his face harder against the Hunter emblem tattooed on Dean’s right pec. He brings a hand up to trace the rest of Dean’s tattoos. He finds it surprisingly soothing.
From the way Dean screams, his entire body shuddering violently, Castiel thinks he's going to come. He removes the wheel from his boy's body and stares at his cock. After holding his breath for ten full seconds, he decides it's safe to continue.
Dean slows his thrusts until he’s just lazily fucking in and out of the boys mouth, the movements becoming absentminded. “Is someone horny?”
“I want you to google your heart out today, okay? Either tonight or tomorrow, I want to go over limits and expectations. I want to know what you want out of this. I already saved some sites to the home screen, but feel free to explore anything you want.” Dean winked. “There’s headphones in the table there if you want some privacy for any videos you find.”
I nod, both because I fucking believe him and because I'd never do that to Dean anyway. "Yes, sir. Crystal clear."
"I think we have our next class together. If I remember right. I only glanced at your schedule this morning." I sound so fucking casual, someone should give me a gold star. "College lit?"
, to say the least. Every sound he draws from sir makes him want more. More, more, more. Those sounds are because of
“I-” the argument dies on my tongue as I realize he’s right. It was close. Even after I was in the forest, my wolf taking over, it took everything in me not to turn back and claim the boy as mine. Maybe it’ll help now that I know my claim to him will be respected by the pack.
"You're doing so well, sweetheart," Dean gasps, speeding up the snap of his hips. "Such a good little cocksucker for me. Perfect. So fucking perfect."
The whole thing fades over the months. Jimmy opens up a flower shop with one of Dean’s friends, Rowena. She has an amazing green thumb and loves teaching Castiel all about the flowers. Dean opens his auto shop. They giggle about being a power couple and attend the Town Entrepreneur's Banquet together in rather dashing tuxes, if they do say so themselves. Whenever Jimmy messes up on a flower arrangement, or someone never shows up for their order, or a flower’s petals get crushed a bit, he brings the flowers home to Dean. He loves how they make him smile. Dean doesn’t bring anything home but motor oil, but Jimmy doesn’t mind that one bit. He’s always up for a joint-shower so he can help scrub the man clean.
“I could help,” I offer before taking a sip of coffee. When he looks at me like I’m insane, I shrug. “I’m good with numbers. It’s not a big deal. I like it.”
Or Dean could become a demon. He could sprout black, leathery wings that will allow him to fly but as a bird would fly, instead of the instant transport of an angel. All of his senses will slightly heighten - but his hearing will become extraordinary. He’ll be able to bend anything to his will that isn’t connected directly to nature, as nature is too pure for the demons to interact with. Because of the corruption of humanity, he’ll not only be able to read minds and sense emotions but, unlike the angels, he’ll be able to control them.
The man’s hands wrap around Dean's belt, his fingers slipping beneath the leather. His eyes search Dean’s face as he gives him a sexy half-smile. “You must be so proud.”
“This is a cock and ball ring.” Dean sits in front of Castiel and shows him what looks to be a black infinity sign. “I’ll put this at the base of your cock and around your balls, and it will keep you from being able to come. Then I’m going to explore you, just like I promised. I’m going to lick you. Suck you. Maybe bite here or there. I’m going to drive you wild. Tease you until you can barely breathe. Until all you can do is beg helplessly for my cock. And
Too afraid to ask, Castiel just puts his guitar down and stands up. He gives Dean a confused look when he accepts it. "Hello?"
Jimmy moves into Dean’s home on a sunny Saturday morning a few months after their homecoming from the war. Considering Jimmy has very little emotional attachment to anything in his own home, he just packs his bumble bee pillow, tea kettle, and a box of clothes. Dean’s brother Sam and his best friend Charlie come over that afternoon for a barbeque to celebrate.
Chuckling, Dean ignores the boy’s desperate pleas and focuses on gently sliding the latch on the toy so nothing is caught or hurt as the rings around his cock and balls open. The moment the toy falls, forgotten against Castiel’s hip, Castiel shoots his load.
“Yeeeesss, sssssir!” Castiel starts to raise his hands before dropping them back on the bed again. His face and chest are flushed. His eyes are continuously spilling tears. His poor cock is leaking like a fucking faucet despite the restraints on it. His whole body is trembling and shuddering. He starts whimpering, “Thank you,” again, over and over and fucking over again.
“Take your time, Dean.” Castiel looks over at him with a soft smile. The wind whips his hair off to the side, his shirt billowing. His eyes are a brilliant blue. Better than the clear ocean. Better than the sunfilled sky. He’s positively beautiful. Dean’s so incredibly lucky to have him. “I’m not going anywhere.”
Something flashes in Dean’s eyes. A beautiful mixture of lust, and need, and happiness. “Let’s go back to bed,” he says again.
Dean smiles to himself as he thinks of that kiss. Then he re-focuses. He thanks the waitress when she returns his drink before drinking half of it at once. They have a lot to cover.
“So, this party tomorrow night, it’s at your house?” I ask Benny once we’re settled at his usual table.
“Oh. Thanks!” I turn around and stumble through my order to the girl working the stand, feeling jittery and exposed for some reason. Even though I know it’s crazy, I swear I can feel Alastair right up against me, his breath on my neck. My heart starts to pound as every second ticks by.
They talk for hours, neither of them noticing the sunlight as it begins to pour in through the windows of the diner. Jimmy was medically discharged from the military, and Dean was honorably discharged, so both of them have uncertain futures ahead. They seem to find comfort in that together. Dean talks about maybe opening up his own auto-shop, talking passionately about cars and music and his late father who taught him everything he could ever know about both. He tells Castiel about his little brother Sammy, who is in his final year of law school. Jimmy can tell from listening to him that Dean is extremely proud of his brother.
But, beggars can’t be choosers. Castiel stuck around after college. He’s his best friend. He’s not going anywhere.
I’m still marveling over how amazing Dean is, and how lucky I am, when we’re seated at the table I reserved for us at the nicest Italian restaurant in the area. Dean looks up at me through his lashes and blushes. He’s been doing that a lot tonight.
I realize on day five, after spending the night in a motel and some more driving, that Uncle Bobby is taking me to his home. It clicks when I look around to find the car surrounded by nothing but woods.
Benny joins Dean, walking with him down the hall toward the personal wing of the house. Dean sees his best friend check over his shoulder twice before slowing his pace, forcing Dean to slow as well.
Dean squeezes his eyes shut, not wanting to see his father as he admits, “Maybe part of me woulda been relieved.”
"Listen, Castiel, I don't mean to be a dick. Really. I want to be your friend. A real friend. But you have to explain to me what that was, or I need to call him."
Castiel takes Dean into his mouth and swallows him to the hilt. The beautiful submissive beneath him shudders in his restraints. A low, pleased hum drags out of his mouth, ending in a slow and drawn out, "Ssshhhhhiiiiitttttt."
He's seriously considering trying to escape with Charlie somewhere when he hears a slow, deep, "Good morning, angel."
Castiel is spread out on the bed, laying on his stomach with his arms crossed to rest his chin on them. He gets to pick the movie they watch, too. He chooses Shrek 2. Dean waits for him to say he's kidding, but he isn't. It's apparently one of the boys favorites.
Castiel ducks down to press his cheek against Dean. He nuzzles him, smiling against his skin. "You're amazing, you know that?"
“Yes. I’m a busy man, Castiel.” Dean reaches over to the control panel and turns the dial. The dildo begins to vibrate as it speeds up. “I’d probably have to gag you, though. Can’t have my associates hearing my boy, now can I?”
“He wanted to check and make sure we had everything set for your surgery tomorrow.” Castiel looks up to see Dean’s face. His eyes are huge, his expression frozen, like a deer caught in headlights. “Funny, really, since I had no idea you had surgery tomorrow.”
It’s nothing like he imagined. He expected all leather and whips and chains and screaming and… he doesn’t even know. Pain, he guesses. Lots of pain.
“That’s it, son. Just like that,” his father would praise, and Castiel would smile, and he’d feel lighter than air.
Dean takes a deep breath, needing to be calm so he doesn’t give into his alpha wolf instincts. He’d never forgive himself if he hurt his sweet little bunny boy.
Would I be able to stay and never have babies? Is that an option? Would Castiel still want to be my mate? Would he be mad? Would his dad be mad? Omegas are precious because of what they can give birth to. They're precious because they're basically all that's keeping the werewolf race going. Me staying here but refusing to have babies sort of defeats that, doesn't it?
Castiel feels giddy as he takes a seat by Dean’s side. They both acknowledged something is happening between them, as well as the fact that neither want it to stop. Then, just before Garth knocked on the door, Castiel's almost positive that Dean was going to kiss him. And he wanted him to. So bad.
Dean brings the washcloth to Castiel's shoulder and begins to wash him, fully prepared to be yelled at. Instead, Castiel leans closer and hums in satisfaction.
Gabriel chuckles. “Yeah, sure bud. He is. I’m glad you found him and I’m so happy all of this worked out.”
this, but a firm hand grabs the back of my neck and squeezes. I yelp in surprise as my body jerks, my muscles all tensing at once. Then it's like everything is poured out of me, my body relaxing, my mind floating away. I close my eyes and sigh in relief.
“Yes.” A thumb presses against my hole. I jerk, trying to get away from it. I’m dry back there and don’t want a single thing entering me, not only because of the whole rape thing, but also because it’ll fucking
The guy’s friends scoff and blow it off, dragging him away. Charlie starts on a rampage about toxic masculinity. Benny - at least as far as Dean can see - hasn’t even noticed anything happened, engrossed in something on his phone.
Here goes nothing. “That needy cock of yours. You got it handled, or do you want me to come take care of it for you?”
“The first option?” Castiel asks breathlessly when Dean reaches his hip and still hasn’t spoken again. He’s hoping one of the options is getting fucked. He’d really, really like to get fucked. That’d be a lovely way to wake up. “Sir?”
“You’re a fucking city boy! I didn’t think I’d have to! What kid from New York likes adventuring in the goddamn woods?”
Their old friends aren't pleased with the move, but they're understanding. They all still hangout after school most days, and spend the weekends doing nonsense as usual. Their new friends, though… well, Castiel finds it hard to describe them. He doesn't necessarily
Not liking the use of his first name, as well as the smile Chuck gives him, Dean checks the man by responding with a smirk and a smoothly spoken, “Not the word I would use, Mr. Novak. But your son will most certainly be a pleasure of mine.”
Castiel blushes. “Well – kind of? I mean, my father had told me that the outside world wasn’t like ours. I knew what we did was illegal. What we did was a secret. It’s not like I ordered the man at baggage claim to get on his knees and present for me. But I figured people would be more efficient. More respectful. If you couldn’t tell when we met, I felt extremely entitled.”
One of Benny’s friends, I think his name is Ash, snorts a laugh. “This tiny ass town has 2 things that everyone cares about - football, and our 4th of July weekend celebration.”
“Stop! Just fucking stop, okay? I’m here. I’ll marry you. We’ll co-exist. But unless you have something important to discuss, leave me alone right now.”
"Anyone need anything from the store? Doin' a beer run," Dean calls as he walks into the bunker's kitchen with a notepad and pen.
Dean squeezes his hand, not saying yes but not saying no, either. He drags his thumb along the soft skin of Castiel’s pointer finger in the meantime. Not sure if Dean is even going to answer him, Castiel relaxes into the mattress and lets his eyes fall shut. When he inhales, his senses are filled with
“Yes. Thank you.” Dean takes the items from him with a smile. He kisses Castiel on the forehead, trying to comfort him. The boy is clearly freaked out by the cashier that’s studying him. Dean’s not sure if he’ll last at the club, but he wants to see Castiel try. He’ll just be proud of him for trying. “Benny is by the door. Go to him.”
Now this is when Castiel decides he must be in some wacky ass dream. “Wait, wait, wait. You’re planning the wedding? Like you’re the wedding planner? The… official wedding planner?”
"Good boy." Castiel lays Dean on their bed before tossing the drink and food on the floor. He arranges the boy so he's settled with his head on their pillows and his body stretched straight down the center of the mattress. Castiel quickly strips and lays himself over Dean, trying his best to cover every possible inch of the boy with his own body.
“Can it be later?” Castiel pouts, bringing back the bottom lip and puppy dog eyes from before Dean left. He wants his way. “I missed you and I’m horny.”
Lightning flashes across the sky, a clap of thunder following quickly after, loud enough to rattle the house. Uncle Bobby is already asleep, and I'm lying in my bed with my books spread out, doing homework and trying to ignore the fact that the boy I like is only a few feet away. I startle when another round of thunder hits, lifting my eyes just in time to see the lightning off in the distance. It's one of those storms where the sky just opens up and starts pouring rain like crazy, no soft introduction or build up.
Squeezing his eyes shut, Castiel tries to focus. He pushes away any anxiety about failing at this and disappointing Dean. He pushes the nerves away regarding the possible loss of his virginity tonight. He pushes out his depression. Kicks away the panic attacks. Screams at his father for marrying him off to a man that could have been a monster.
Dean hangs up before Castiel can say anything more. He pushes up to his feet on shaking legs and walks back to the vehicle he was working on, ducking his head beneath the hood again. He shuts his mind off and works.
He brings me into the bedroom and locks the door again. Then, he answers my unspoken question, “I can tell, yes. And when you get used to your heats, you’ll be able to tell too.”
After his cock is buried inside Dean's hole, Castiel pulls out all the stops. He grips his throat with one hand and shifts his weight forward. It’s not enough to choke him out, but enough to make his breaths and words rasp and break. His boyfriend - holy fuck does Castiel love that - stubbornly continues trying to beg despite his lack of air. Castiel starts to fuck him harder to shut him up, grinning when he starts to hear the man's teeth clacking from the power of his thrusts.
A low groan vibrates against the small of his back right before Dean presses a firm kiss against the same spot. Then another finger is sliding in. Slow and deliberate, burning its way through him, the fire traveling from Castiel’s hole all the way to his gut.
“Yes. Of course. We could all hear you, son. No one’s gonna argue with that.” He laughs softly, looking over at the man who is his brother, beta, and best friend. “Jack didn’t stand a chance.”
He hears, "Medic!" shouted from three different directions, each voice frantic and desperate. His heart thumps in his chest. Which way should he go? Which way is the destination for the bullet that will take his life? Which way is his ticket home?
Dean fiddles with the label on his beer bottle. “The meds they have me on, I think. They keep trying to mix ‘em around to get rid of all these side effects, but the more they do that, the crazier I feel, so I just lied and said I’m fine.”
“Underarms, inner thighs, under your waistband, and I will need you to unbuckle your belt please,” he says, pointing to Dean's belt.
“Yes.” Dean smiles softly. “I realized it when you dropped. I understand you were having a lot of thoughts and were already on a downward spiral but you not knowing to call me sir, and then being unsure if I wanted you to kneel in the bathroom when I asked you to draw the bath. You need clear instructions and you need them to not be overwhelming.”
- he grabs Castiel’s balls tight and yanks them back through his underwear. The pain is enough to pull him back from the edge. Hot tears fall down his cheeks as he sobs.
Benny's nostrils flare. Dean isn't sure if he's ever seen the man look so pissed at him before. He's seen him enraged, furious enough to kill, to rip people apart with his bare hands, but never has it been directed at Dean. "Why are you acting like you couldn't care less about this? For fuckssake, Dean, if you don't care about yourself or us men, you at least care about Cas. What happens to him if things go south and we lose our stronghold on this city, huh?"
Dean stops in his tracks when he finds the kitchen. He sees it across the open concept first floor and ignores everything other than the kitchen at the end, bee-lining it there. It’s fucking gorgeous.
On their one year anniversary of their first date at that diner, Dean brings Jimmy back for burgers, fries, and milkshakes. He goes down on one knee when Jimmy is mid-sip of a milkshake, earning Dean a faceful of milkshake and ears that ring from the loud, “Yes!” Jimmy screams the moment his mouth is free.
Knowing they were going to have to take this step eventually, Dean decides it’s best to do it now. Rip off the band-aid and give in. They still have plenty to establish between them. Rules and boundaries. Limits. When he’ll be Dean and when he’ll be Castiel’s sub. All of that can wait, though.
take care of you.” Dean kisses the small of his back again. “I’m right here with you, Cas. Right here.”
“I know.” Dean sinks to the floor and rests his elbows on the coffee table. He needs to be closer to his boy. “Thank you for being honest with me.”
His friend huffs a humorless laugh. “It started out great. How school is going. What he wants to do with his law degree. That was about the first 90 seconds. Wanna know what he wants to do?”
"Just go down these stairs here and wait by the door. He'll be there in a minute." Castiel sighs before forcing a smile that makes our thread ache terribly. "I'll see you at school."
“What did they say to you?” Uncle Bobby asks after tugging me into the baking aisle. I realize our cart is nowhere to be found. His hands are empty, hovering over my face like he’s scanning for injuries. “What did they do? Did they touch you?”
Castiel squeezes him tight enough to make Dean wince, but he just keeps rubbing a hand on his back and whispering to him that it’s okay.
When Dean turns around, his breath catches at the sight in front of him. Castiel is sunk low into the bubbly water, hair already extra curly from the steam and cheeks flushed red. He lazily looks up at Dean and gives him a nervous smile. “It’s creepy if you just stand there. Might as well sit.”
“Of course. Anything this idiot needs from me to be happy. If it weren’t for what happened between the two of you, I’d probably be - I don’t even know.”
“This school only has the money for two A.P. classes and you’re in both of them. Plus college lit and Holocaust studies.” He smiles fondly at the paper. “You signed up for photography. Do you like that?”
With one of those choking noises Castiel loves drawing from him, sir yanks Castiel off his cock using a tight hand in his hair. Castiel is left with part of his chest off the furniture beneath him, as well as his neck and head. He’s being held at an awkward angle, his neck aching, and there’s spit dripping down his chin.
When they get up to the bathing room, Castiel pours some oils into the nearly full bath while Dean sets up the food and beer. By the time they've both climbed in and settled on the bench inside the tub, the water is ready to be shut off.
,” Dean says with a surprisingly scary smile, emphasizing ‘boy’ as he does so. “You’re earning yourself some spankings.”
Suddenly, Castiel feels extremely underdressed in his dark jeans and light gray chunky-knitted sweater. He has to remind himself he's a fucking Novak. Castiel is rich too.
.” The man's words pause as he growls. I feel pulses of rage coming from him through a thread, and the air catches in my lungs as I realize that a fucking
I throw another pillow across the room at Castiel as I scream, "I hate you!" He doesn't even flinch when it hits his chest, which pisses me off. I grab a notebook off his desk next.
I squeeze my eyes shut, trying to find the thread between us. It’s too thin. Frayed. Because of me. It’s my fault. I was so damn stubborn. I ruined everything. Now, I can barely feel him. It’s like he’s nothing but a ghost in my mind. If the thread feels that way for me, it might feel that way for him too. How will he find me if our thread is too damaged?
“Does it?” Sam asks. His voice is trembling, caught somewhere between fear and sadness. “Did you get that bad, Dean?”
Grabbing the crystal bottles Dean had mentioned, Castiel sniffs each one. Then he pours a little of his favorite into the water, pleasantly surprised when it bubbles.
“It sort of just… looked at me, though. It did this little head tilt that was-” I stop myself, staring at Castiel. At his tilted head. At the stark similarity. I look into his eyes. Those eyes that are already so unbelievably familiar. Those eyes that I could have sworn I saw on that beautiful wolf.
Castiel presses his mouth to mine, the kiss firm yet somehow impossibly gentle. He takes his time, not rushing or getting slobbery, not attacking me with his tongue. It's nothing like the few kisses I've had with other boys. Which makes sense.
“Cas, you please me all the damn time. Just waking up and seeing your face in the morning pleases me. You showed me oreos - oreos, Cas. I have been living a cold, lonely life without oreos. You’re a natural submissive, and I know if you decide to do this with me, you’ll be absolutely amazing. You’re much prettier than him, the fact that you think otherwise is almost laughable. Do you not see everyone looking at you in here? Watching your pretty ass in that lace? Admiring the way your cock is cradled by it? I’ve had to restrain myself dozens of times already.” Dean laughs softly, his head shaking back and forth. “And I can guarantee you it’d take five minutes for me to be disappointed with Connor. Less, to be honest. In fact, just thinking about that… thinking about having him, or anyone else, in my playroom - anyone besides you - makes me sick.”
Castiel just stares out at the mountains, his mind spinning. "I knew he was a decent guy, but not like that. I - wow."
"I know," Dean says in response. Castiel can hear the smirk in his voice. "You're doing so well. Just a little more, okay? Can you do that for me?"
Dean licks a stripe up the underside of his cock before suckling beneath the crown. Castiel jerks in his bindings, growling into the gag. He tries to lift his hips and fuck up into the boy’s mouth but Dean is already gone, his lips on Castiel’s throat. Then his shoulder. His hip bone. His thigh. His fingertip. His earlobe.
Castiel's heart picks up speed at the confirmation. He had hoped. As he fell asleep last night, holding Dean as he slept peacefully in his arms, Castiel had hoped. It had felt amazing to be together in that way. And the power you get when being a dom? There's nothing like it. It'll never compare to the way he felt with slaves at the compound. Being with them was like a toxic form of adrenaline pumping through your veins. Being with Dean felt like flying. Just the sight of Dean in subspace alone had made Castiel feel on top of the world. And every time he laughed last night, even when he spit water out at him, Castiel had felt weights lift off his shoulders.
“Come for me, sweetheart. I know you can.” Dean leans forward and presses more weight where he knows Castiel’s prostate is. Castiel screams. No. No, Castiel
. He remembers exactly how it felt to be grinned at like that. He remembers what the boot to his side felt like. He remembers the taste of the man’s cum. He remembers the sensation of cold concrete against his cheek.
Dean laughs, the sound full and happy. “Yeah, Cas. Food. Bed. Sex. Sleep. We can do all the rest tomorrow.”
“Breaking a few bones is fine. Nothing to his head. Nothing permanent.” Dean stands up after saying this, buttoning his suit jacket and clearing his throat. “If that’s all, I’d like to get going.”
“Those boys are trouble. No good for you.” He waves a hand in my direction. “If you’re smart, you’ll steer clear of them.”
Dean pushes himself up on his hands, legs dangling off the bed as he sits on the edge. He's already panting.
“Wait.” Castiel nods fast enough to feel like a bobble head. “Wait. I’ll wait. I’d like to wait. Totally waiting.”
through his alpha thread before surging me with an overwhelming feeling of being accepted and safe. The shift comes suddenly after that, my wolf not willing to wait after a gesture like that from the alpha.
They stop in front of a set of intimidating mahogany doors. Benny knocks three times, and Castiel feels each one echo in his chest.
“Good. Very good.” A molded leather blindfold is quickly secured around Castiel’s head without any warning. It’s lined on the inside with something incredibly soft and the suede straps tickle the tips of his ears. Something goes around his neck next. When Castiel accidentally flinches, expecting his airway to be restricted again, sir mutters from above, “Just your collar. This here makes you mine.”
“Yeah,” Dean whispers, pressing in closer until I almost forget where I stop and he begins. “Me too.”
Since Castiel agrees, he remains quiet. Dean doesn’t leave his side. He just sits on the edge of the bed, a hand resting on Castiel’s stomach. Dean’s fingers twitch a little, and when Castiel looks up, he sees Dean is smiling.
“Yes. You will. If it’s what that boy wants, then you will, or I’ll kill you and your entire fucking pack, Castiel.” Bobby takes a step closer, his voice dipping low. “But I told you all of that because I want you to know that I think John should have stayed. Looking back now, knowing what I know, I wish I would have convinced him to stay. He was lonely all of his life. He was uncomfortable in his own skin, trapped in a place that made him depressed and anxious, just so he could avoid wolves. He missed your dad. I know he did. He never stopped loving him. So, if Dean chooses to stay, I won’t force him to leave, and I will support him. I will support your relationship with him. I won’t go against his wishes. That’s why I told you this. I had a lot of time to think over the past few days, and that’s what I’ve decided. Whatever Dean wants, I’m going to accept. I’m hoping you’ll respect my nephew enough to do the same, even if things don’t go your way.”
At some point, Castiel strips off his plain under-shirt, leaving him in nothing but jeans. Dean watches the same dude that's been giving Castiel drinks all night reach for Castiel's belt as he grinds against him. Castiel either doesn't notice or doesn't care.
I shake my head. “That makes no sense at all. He would have told me. He would have explained. I know my dad, he wouldn’t have just thrown me to the wolves - pun sort of intended - without preparing me. And - and puberty hit me years ago!”
“I’m aware.” Dean finally gets the strength to open his eyes, tilting his chin up to look his father head-on. “Dad, I - I can’t stop. I love him.”
Dean knows Novak has arrived before he even sees him. It's obvious in the subtle shift of buzz in conversation, gazes flickering to him and Castiel as whispers are exchanged. Charlie is suddenly closer. As is Garth. And Benny's eagle eyes stop scanning the room, locked into focus. Dean follows the gaze, and there the devil is.
I at least have a few things to offer as far as an apology: First, this chapter is pretty darn long. Second, I have a new novel out - this one under my brand new pen name - and if you like this fic, you'll LOVE the novel, so technically I HAVE been writing for you all.... just not.... like... in the way... I'm supposed to...
“That’s it,” he coos as he rubs the first knob of his glass string of anal beads against the winking hole. It’s dripping lube and probably feels strange against the sensitive area. With short, constant thrusts, Dean teases Castiel’s hole until it flutters open just enough to let the first ball in. Castiel tilts his head back and moans, his hips ever so slightly jerking.
“Go on.” Sir pushes his cock just past Castiel’s bottom lip. It’s enough to tease him, to remind him of the promise of more if he continues, but not too much where Castiel can’t talk.
“Oh, no. No, no, no.” He takes my hand, holding it tight as he stares at me in desperation. Then he looks at his other friends at the table. “He doesn’t like football.”
“Tell him to worry about personal items. Clothing will be taken care of, as will anything bedroom or toiletry related.”
"There we go. Such a fast learner. Good boy." Dean exchanges the pliers with the scalpel again. "Let the game begin."
Dean grumbles something under his breath, but doesn’t argue. It makes Castiel grin behind his back. In the 5 years they’ve known each other, ever since their first year in college as roommates in the dorm, Dean has been a stubborn, cranky asshole with a soft spot for Castiel. Castiel used to think maybe it was because Dean was in love with him - because Castiel is madly in love with Dean - but he’s realized over the years that he’s just never had much family and he sees Castiel as the closest thing besides Sam. Sam, Dean has to take care of. Castiel, Dean can just be with. No pressure or responsibilities. Just brothers giving each other shit and loving each other platonically.
"Gabe Novak was president 2 seats before you. Castiel's the guy who turned down a legacy seat our freshman year. Remember? We were all floored by him. Couldn't believe he walked away from a free pass."
Dean whines and falls back, fisting the sheets in his hands until his knuckles turn white. Castiel watches in satisfaction as Dean's poor cock tries desperately to bob out of the confining panties.
Why was he so upset about Dean having sex with Ethan? Why did he listen to them? Why did he cry? Why did his body react the way it did to Dean in the hall? Why did Dean react like that? Why does he feel like Dean is right about everything? Why does he want to be in that room with him?
“It doesn’t matter, though. You’re free to form your own opinion. If it makes you feel any better, I love the town, and your dad did too growing up.”
After a quick lick to Dean’s slit to collect any remaining pre-cum, Castiel looks up at his pet and says in a low, almost taunting voice, “You’re in trouble, remember?”
“Yeah. Just this heavy pressure or something.” I laugh and drop my hand, not wanting to seem weird. “It’s probably just a chest cold coming on.”
“It’s not!” Castiel pulls his hands away and looks right at Dean, not caring about the tears running down his cheeks. “I forced him to - to hurt you. He was sobbing. He was fucking begging me. And I was just like my fucking father, Dean. I had you strapped down on a spanking bench, naked, collared, plugged, gagged, and I was trying to force our fucking son - our beautiful fucking son - to hurt you, Dean. To - to rape you. And he fucking - he
That steady, familiar pulse that is Castiel thrums through our thread for a long time, growing in intensity until I can barely breathe beneath the weight of all of his emotion and need. Then it fades into something cold with little pinpricks of rage and fear dotting along it. At the same time, voices begin shouting from outside my room. I try to jerk in my bindings, wanting to be able to help somehow if this is Castiel and his pack coming for me. Nothing budges though. I’m just as tied down as I’ve been.
“Good. Well - I mean. Not good, but good. Like good, ya know, that you found what you like. Because that’s - that’s good.”
I decide to run until I'm either too exhausted to continue, or I don't feel the overwhelming need for Dean anymore.
Surely Dean wouldn't make coffee before leaving him, right? If he took the time to brew a pot of coffee, then he must still be here. Castiel just has to figure out where.
“I – do you?” Castiel’s eyebrows pull in, his gaze flicking over to the chair next to Dean. He puffs up a little as if preparing for a challenge. “I can do that.”
it's a long, smutty one folks: warning for some under negotiated consensual non-con play that occurs between our boys . Also, Dean might torture some bad guys... in a dubious sort of way... *
"Yeah, Cas?" Dean sits back and looks at him. The pills are in the palm of his hand. Castiel looks away.
"I'm not much of a talker," he tells me. "So you stay a wolf so I don't have to deal with that shit, ya hear?"
"I'm right here. I've got you. You're safe," Dean continues to say, sounding sure about his words. Confident in them. "I know you don't want to be here, but I promise no one will hurt you. That makes it a little better at least, right?"
Unable to help myself, I rest a hand on his right thigh. He stares down at the spot where we're touching, still teetering on the edge of a breakdown.
“What’s that?” Castiel asks when they first get inside, pointing at the cart corral Dean’s leading him towards.
“We’re going to cover a lot of very important things, and I’d rather be focused on having a good conversation with you than trying to write everything down.” Dean studies the worry on Castiel’s face and makes a guess as to what he’s worried about. “No one would ever hear it other than me.”
Castiel looks down at his plate, nervous again. "Um, mostly just covers. I like to play a lot of rock songs, because they're more challenging. I've written a few original pieces, but I like the piano more."
Castiel shrugs. “It’s not my place. It’s – I don’t own him. He’s not mine. If that’s what he wants, if someone else is what he wants, then… I don’t know. I’ll figure out a way to survive that. To let him go.”
When Dean puts his hand up to flag down a waiter, Ketch realizes they have company and cuts his argument with Cole short. Dean can’t have that. He wanted to know the latest drama.
At 3:01, Dean steps into the playroom. He smirks when he sees his boy kneeling ever so slightly in a different position than he was taught. The usual position would press the end of his plug against the balls of his feet, making it more intense for him. One of these days, Dean will tell him he’s not allowed to adjust. Today, though, he plans on putting the boy through enough as it is. Dean can let this one slide for now.
“I thought he made you happier than I could. I thought it was me - us, our family, our home - that was making you suicidal. I thought I was failing at what he asked me to do.”
change just because you struggle. I was upset for a moment, but only because I can’t help you or take care of you properly if I don’t know everything.”
Of course, when Jimmy Novak does in fact walk into the restaurant, Dean realizes he can’t be chivalrous by standing up and saying hello to him. He does this sort of awkward half-stand before falling back down in his seat at the last second to keep the table covering his pants. Dean can feel his face grow hot, and his damn words come out stuttered and nervous as he says, “Jimmy, hey. Ya - ya made it.”
Castiel had tucked his face in the hollow of Dean’s throat about halfway through that and he remains there. “Oh.”
He goes to pull away, an apology on his lips, when he realizes Castiel isn't affected by it. At all. The boy just continues to walk, eyes darting everywhere as he takes everything in.
Castiel turns the bath on with his fancy phone app, then helps Dean prepare the food. It's really a shame they're in a hurry because Dean has lots of plans for the gorgeous kitchen. It's disappointing to use it for the very first time only to make pb&j sandwiches and cut up fruit in a tupperware container.
Very carefully, Dean rolls away from Castiel and begins freeing him from the tangle of rope. There are dark pink lines on his skin where the material had been. He knows he has to be careful moving any of Castiel’s body parts too soon, so he leaves the boy alone for a minute while he goes to collect everything he needs.
Castiel chuckles and does it again, this time with the opposite side of the groin and the opposite nipple. Then he has some real fun. He pulls away and blows cool air on the damp nipples until their buds are elongated and hard. Then he drags the wheel horizontally across Dean's chest, making sure the bumps pass straight over the over sensitive nipples.
“Try to sound less enthused. My goodness. Someone might think you’re weird if you keep this excitement up.” Charlie’s teasing makes Castiel laugh softly beneath his breath. He relaxes as she guides him toward a door. He likes Charlie. She reminds him of Gabriel.
"Mmm." Dean runs the pads of his thumb along the man's slit, collecting precum. Tammy moans, his head falling forward. "Watch him for what?"
Not wanting to scare him off, Castiel tries to think of a non-intrusive question. The best he can come up with is, “Did you enjoy yourself?”
“No, thanks. Benny’s driving.” I hitch my thumb over my shoulder to where Ash told me I could wait for Benny. His eyes look in that direction before focusing back on me. It’s getting easier to look directly at him, which is slightly dangerous because now I want to look at him all the fucking time.
And Castiel had panicked right after that. He had probably thought that Dean was disappointed in him. That he had failed. “Fuck.”
Not that Castiel’s complaining. The precum that’s hitting his tongue is masking the taste of the lube, and watching sir slowly lose himself to pleasure is more than enough.
Dean brings a hand up, making Castiel flinch. He pauses, letting Castiel calm, then continues moving it toward him. Dean gently pushes a few stray curls off Castiel’s forehead, then drags his fingertips down his cheek. His fingers push back until they’re buried in the hair at the back of Castiel’s head, leaving just his thumb where it rests against the soft skin next to his ear.
Dean even got him to laugh just now by telling a story of him and Benny as teenagers. Castiel is now in the middle of sharing his own story about him and Gabriel growing up, his hands moving like crazy through the air as he jabbers on. Dean is listening, but it’s slightly hard to focus. The boy is sucking him into a trance that he’s not sure he wants to fight.
He doesn’t notice he’s crying - literally sobbing for a cock in his mouth - until sir takes his blindfold off and whispers, “Shhh, now. No more tears, baby. Sir will give you what you need.”
After a few minutes pass, Dean makes a sound that's caught between laughing and snorting. "Speaking of messes...did I spit on you last night, or was that a dream?"
Dean finishes getting dressed, then turns the light off in the closet and sneaks back into the bedroom. He pauses at the foot of the bed and gives himself 60 seconds to just appreciate the view of the boy he loves lying in his bed. In that single minute, he comes to a very important conclusion.
And Dean - who had not heard these rumors yet - jolts up in his seat and releases an intrigued gasp.
The little boy gets up on his tip-toes and grabs two packages of cookies. He places one in his mom’s cart, then hands Dean the other one.
Dean tightens his grip on Castiel's arm and nods against his shoulder. "No more, sir. Don't think I can tonight… lake."
“Fuck, yes. Of course.” I guide his head forward and help him as he sucks my cock into his mouth. His eyelids flutter shut as he moans around my thick member. “God, you look so damn good like that, sweetheart.”
Short one, but the next one (if I remember right, don't kill me if I'm wrong) - is super long AND has smut. I love all of you <3
Castiel rests his elbows on the table and cradles his head in his hands, breathing deeply. “That was the man he made me into, though. I don’t know who I am anymore.”
Jimmy shrugs, laughing a bit incredulously. “Everything else is… fine. Really fine. Other than my memory, I don’t even have a scratch on me.”
Dean tilts his head like he's studying him. His green eyes narrow. "Would you like to address me properly, boy?"
“Stop talking about him, you son of a bitch!” Bobby barks, shoving my dad away. I know that my dad let him. Or maybe let him isn’t the exact word. My dad looks wrecked. Unable to meet anyone’s eye. His breathing labored. His whole body trembling.
“It can be removed,” Castiel says softly, unsure of himself. At the time, he had thought that it was a great idea. It had made him grin like an idiot as he filled out the form with the craftsman.
"Yeah. It made me feel… safe. Like even as I worked through everything, you were still right there for me."
In reality, I show up at school and find Benny at Dean’s locker, the two of them standing far too close together for my liking. I stand at my locker pretending to be digging in my backpack, eavesdropping on the conversation even though I know I shouldn’t be. Benny is going on and on like some idiot. He mentions Friday’s football game, and that Dean could wear his jersey again, if he wanted. Dean gets all flustered, and I can hear his heart racing despite the din of the hallway.
“Good boy.” Castiel shivers under the praise. He goes completely still though when Dean’s left hand begins to tug at his own left hand’s leather glove. His lips part, his chest filling with air as he prepares to say something, but Dean cuts him off. “You don’t need these.”
I got overloaded in comments recently (which I LOVED, don't get me wrong), so I ended up just replying to the ones on current chapters. If I never replied to your comment I PROMISE that I still read it and GREATLY appreciated it. I got busy and they just piled up too much for me to handle at the moment. I'm still so thankful for every comment. Even if I can't reply, each one makes me so happy and inspired <3 Thank you!
They both laugh. Then a hand is grabbing the back of my neck, and another hand is reaching down to rub the stretch of smooth skin between my balls and my hole, and my body is going lax without my permission. I whimper when I feel the first rush of slick pouring out of my hole. My eyes start to water.
“You like that?” Dean coos as he steps back and takes Castiel’s expression in. “You like being collared?”
“I’d rather they be a surprise, but I promise it will all be things you okay-ed earlier today, and you have your safe word.”
Once Castiel is all clean, Dean tucks his bunny into his arms and scoops him up so they can go to their bedroom. The boy nuzzles his neck before murmuring, “W’ goin’, sir?”
He flinches away and hurries to his feet. He doesn’t look at me as he speaks, staring off somewhere over my shoulder. “I’ll - gotta - just - I’ll be back.”
“I’m fine.” I try to lighten the mood by adding, “So, by your clear hatred of wolves, I’m assuming you don’t want to see the picture I managed to take of it…”
“I’m not that worked up about it either. Honestly, after Vegas, I started to let go of that obsessive need to have sex with someone. Who the fuck cared? My life had been defined by sex with you. Even at the beach house, that’s what we were. Master and slave.
"Security wants to meet with you at 8. Dinner wasn't served tonight, I wanted the house calm and quiet for your arrival, but if you're hungry I can have Ellen make something. Or I'd be more than happy to make you something. Or help yourself, of course."
“Yeah. I - yeah.” He shudders, then moves away from me quickly, a horrified look on his face. His eyes are impossibly wide, his cheeks and neck bright red. “Oh my god, I am so sorry! I’m so sorry, that was, I don’t know why I did that! I - I got, uh - like… dizzy or something. I don’t know. I’m sorry.”
when Castiel opens up his blanket and wiggles until he’s pressed against Dean’s chest. Castiel is warm and soft, his body pliant and sleepy. He wraps part of the blanket around Dean by circling his arm over the top of Dean’s torso. Dean pulls him in tighter and rolls onto his back so Castiel can be more comfortable. He pulls Castiel’s pillow over with his free hand, but the boy just mumbles something incoherent and nuzzles against Dean’s chest, letting him know he wants to use Dean as a pillow instead.
Castiel laughs sardonically. “The other part of me just saw it as a reminder to myself. You have scars on your body from me. I knew you would, and you do. I figured it was only fair I was marked by what happened too.”
The very distinct sound of a knife flipping open echoes through the space around them. Castiel goes still, his breathing picking back up.
“I - n - we - please!” Castiel all but screeches, not caring how embarrassed he should probably be. There’s no time for embarrassment right now. No time for anything but
"Wow," Dean whispers, more to himself than to sir. He looks up at the TV. The sub is getting fucked from behind, his dom pulling him back by a fist in his hair to growl dirty things into his ear. "I
"Lean on me," sir orders, sandwiching Castiel between him and the wall. The moment Castiel allows himself to relax into sir, his shoulders stop hurting. They still ache, but not badly enough to distract him.
“God, you’re cute.” As Dean chuckles, Castiel’s face starts to burn. He’s glad it’s too dark to see details like that right now. The last thing he wants is for Dean to think Castiel is affected by the joking compliment. “I use an app. There are plenty out there, but this one is very well-done. Background checks. Limits and kinks right there on the profile. No names if you want to use a fake one. The city is large, so there are plenty of options, but if I find someone that fits my expectations and they enjoyed themselves as well, we’ll usually keep in contact. Maybe get together from time to time for a scene.”
With a muffled moan, Castiel nods to show his understanding. A quarter is pressed into the palm of his right hand, sir's eyes meeting his in the mirror. "Drop it if you need to stop." Castiel nods again. He grips the thing tight. He has no intention of stopping this. No fucking way.
“But I don’t have to tell you,” Dean reminds him. Not because he doesn’t want to tell Castiel, he knows he will, but because it feels good to bring up his freedom again. It feels like it did when he first got his safe word. All he wants to do is flaunt it. Enjoy it.
Dean walks around so he’s facing Castiel, grabbing one of his hands and lifting it to his lips. He keeps his eyes locked with Castiel’s as he starts trailing kisses on his skin, starting at the center of his palm and working his way toward his elbow. Castiel gasps when his lips brush against the first few cuts before he stops making the noises, instead just breathing slightly quicker than usual as he watches Dean through heavy-lidded eyes.
“I - ummm… I - they said I smell.” I wrinkle my nose and tentatively tuck my face against my shirt. It smells like… I don’t know? Laundry detergent? My deodorant? Nothing bad… Nothing worthy of upsetting these men so much. “Do I smell?”
Castiel's body buzzes ten times more than when he orgasmed earlier. "Absolutely. Come on. Let's tuck each other in and get some rest."
Castiel moans, his eyes fluttering closed and his body relaxing under the praise. Dean grins. He doesn't think he'll ever get sick of witnessing that reaction.
Then you have Meg. Almost every sentence of hers has at least one swear word, and always seems to have an insult in it that Castiel can feel but can't name. Her three favorite things are flirting with Dean, smoking weed, and pissing Castiel off.
Dean cuts off the desperate pleas by tilting the candle, spilling hot wax between the boy’s shoulder blades. Castiel’s entire body goes perfectly still, his breath held for just a second. Then he’s groaning, his muscles melting like the wax, his body shuddering.
“Hush now. You’re okay. I’ll spank you with the paddle, then eat you out.” Castiel sinks down into the mattress, moaning pathetically. He watched a video of that on the website Dean sent him. It looked good.
“Just let me finish, okay?” he pleads. I don’t like it, but I nod, staring at the wall behind his left shoulder. “Your dad took you to the city, where a werewolf would be fucking dumb to live. The plan was to never let you come around a wolf pack. To never let your gene get triggered. Then you could have settled down, been a normal human with a normal family. All of that. He was trying to protect you.”
Castiel kneels beside him and carefully wipes Dean’s chin with the sleeve of his sweater. Then he scoops Dean up and sits down on the ground so he can hold him. As they begin to rock, Castiel whispers, "I'm so so sorry, Dean. Please. Please give me another chance. I didn't mean to ruin it."
When Castiel wakes up again, he's trembling so hard his teeth are clacking. He starts to panic, hating the feeling, but then he feels a hand on his face and hears Dean’s soothing voice, “You’re okay. I’m right here.”
“No, Castiel. He won’t fuck him. This open area doesn’t allow it. They’d have to be downstairs in one of the public or private rooms. This floor only allows hands, mouths, and toys for penetration.”
Dean pauses, and Castiel closes his eyes, anticipating anger. Instead, the man groans and buries his face in the crook of Castiel’s neck. “Fuck, every damn time. Every time I think I’ve got you figured out, you say something like that.”
Sam’s jaw works as he continues to glare at Castiel. “There has to be a way to take that place - those people - down. There has to be.”
Finally, Castiel looks at Dean again. His eyes are distant and his jaw is set. A long lost feeling of unease fills Dean’s veins, pumping him full of panic. Castiel looks very close to detaching, and when Castiel detaches, Castiel becomes the monster.
The look on Dean’s face is priceless. His eyebrows raise and his lips part in surprise. It takes him a moment to even figure out what to say, which just proves Castiel’s point further. Then a slow, mischievous smile forms on his face until he’s grinning at Castiel like he might eat him alive. “Alright. So you’re a bratty sub. I can handle that.”
Castiel isn't sure how much time passes, the two of them floating on their own plane of existence, but he knows one thing. He likes it. Here, they aren't a Novak and a Winchester. They don't have the weight of the world resting on their forced marriage. Castiel isn’t a man who got his life stolen from him. Dean isn’t the man who stole it.
I drop the Gatorade on accident, the blue liquid spilling everywhere. Benny starts mopping it up with napkins as he and the others start asking me if I’m okay. I try to tell them I need to go, but I’m not sure if any of the words properly form. I don’t have the time to care as I nearly trip over my chair before stumbling out of the cafeteria. I press a hand to my mouth to keep my stomach in check until I reach the locker room nearby. Then I’m falling to my knees in front of a toilet and emptying my stomach of the very small amount of liquid I had managed to put in it lately.
“Benny,” Dean says in acknowledgement, his eyes not leaving Castiel as they drink him in. “Everything go okay?”
"Do you like your toes or your fingers better?" Dean asks, glancing up at Tamiel now. "If you had to choose."
Dean closes his eyes and takes a deep breath. Then he tries his best to explain. “I woke up, and he wasn’t there, so I went to the kitchen. I said good morning, and I caught him off guard I think, because he paused but then he said good morning back. I mentioned that he should address me properly so he corrected himself. Then-”
“What have you been doing the last two years? Living off of takeout? Who stocked your fridge and cabinets?”
“Strangely… yes.” Jimmy stands up and starts walking to his room. His memory isn’t the best, but he’s pretty certain boxers and a ratty shirt that claims someone in Idaho loves him does not work for a late night meet-up at a restaurant. Especially with a cute man.
“Come here,” Dean whispers, taking Castiel into his arms. Castiel’s head lolls, but a firm hand presses it against Dean’s shoulder, keeping it steady. “I’m going to strip you down to your underwear, okay?”
"When you meet with security, they'll program your hand to get in here. This area is extremely private. No security cameras like the rest of the house, no guards inside, and it's safe, I assure you, but you can be alone here any time you want."
Dean blushes, which is absolutely adorable and would make Castiel smile if he wasn't pissed. "Cas, babe-"
With a shake of his head, Castiel hurries to get inside the car. He said the important goodbyes back at home. His father doesn’t even deserve a second glance, let alone a proper send-off moment.
He freezes, the door still open behind him. I watch his face as it struggles to figure out what expression it wants to settle on. It lands somewhere between rage and terror. “Where did you see a wolf? Was there one by the house?”
Last night was perfect. Dean and Castiel had their first date. Their first scene in the playroom. They laughed. They fell asleep smiling.
Dean’s jaw drops but it quickly snaps into place. Then he shakes his head and smirks. “Please - seriously, I’m begging you - please keep that attitude for when I have you in our playroom.”
“Okay. I dunno why interrogation is a thing, but I guess it’s a soft limit if you’d like to try that? And is kidnapping basically like the rape thing?”
Filling out one of the kink lists that he had Dean fill out as a submissive is much harder than Castiel expected it to be. There’s a lot he has no fucking idea if he’d like or not. His immediate response to almost everything on the list is, “Fuck no.”
“Then trust that I would never put you in a situation that would make you unsafe or uncomfortable.” Dean winks. “Uncomfortable in a bad way, of course. Considering your cock is hard as a rock right now,” Dean pauses, running his hand along the ridge of Castiel’s cock. He chuckles when Castiel moans. “I think you like when you’re uncomfortable in a good way. You want to go out with this collar on, your cheek streaked with spit and cum, don’t you slut? You want everyone to see you. To know that you belong to me. That you’re nothing but a slutty little brat.”
to hurt. Giving them breaks – giving them a reprieve – just gives them hope. “In this compound, boy, hope is dangerous. Hope is all they have left. You have to strip them of it completely.”
"Oh." This time Dean sounds very pleased. He grins at Castiel, eyes darting around as if he's picturing everything he wants to do to the area.
"I'd - um. I've -" Castiel clears his throat. "You're gonna laugh, but I've always wanted to go to Austin Texas. I know that probably seems boring compared to Europe or something, but the music scene there is supposed to be amazing."
Wanting to be honest with him, but not wanting to add to the anxiety that clearly already exists regarding the subject, Dean sugarcoats. “Charlie’s right. I wouldn’t say I’m the best at the club, it’s a large city and the membership pool is pretty high-end. But I am good. Good enough to be asked by other doms for help. Good enough for the club to ask me to do training and workshops. So, yes, I’m good and I’m respected there, but I’m no holy grail. Not in the least. I’m just another dom.”
sir's slut." Castiel whines in protest, but sir just ignores him, beginning to set a steady pace of slowly moving in and out of Castiel's eager mouth. "You're sir's greedy little
With a wicked grin, Castiel takes his belt off and folds it over to double it. Dean stares at the thing as it dangles from Castiel’s strong hand. "Any limits, Dean?"
I feel my hole flutter and my whole body go red. His chin snaps up, those blue eyes of his flashing impossibly bright. Before he can confirm that he knows my reaction to him, and before I'm stupid enough to act on it, I practically chuck the towels in his direction and scurry back to the bathroom. I'm pretty sure he chuckles as I go. It may or may not make me smile.
“How about the fact that I can’t do my own laundry? I can’t fucking cook or clean. I can’t do the dishes. I tried grocery shopping? I was a fucking mess. Oh, and I knocked a kid down and made him cry, so there was that, too.”
Dean surprises him, though. Apparently he’s not focused on Castiel’s hole. Not yet, at least. “Snap the fingers of your free hand if you want to lake, and drop your ball for ocean. Snap if you understand.”
Castiel whimpers and shakes his head, knowing he can’t do it. “Too hard,” he pants, squirming as if he can escape the buzzing on his prostate.
“Yes.” Dean looks over at Benny and Castiel. He grins. His boy is covered now, wearing the beige trench coat Dean had brought along for him, but it doesn’t make him look any less attractive. Not when Dean knows he’s dressed beneath it the way he is. Dressed in pretty lace panties just for Dean. Pretty lace panties he’s willing to wear to a public club just for Dean. “He’s perfect.”
Dean fills with the same pride. Such a good boy already. Castiel is a damn dream. “Did you come up with any?”
He opens his mouth as if to say more, but freezes. I follow his line of sight to see that my mom is standing in the doorway. The look on her face is impossible to read. Her threads are muted and shut down. I wonder how much of the fight she had heard.
“You’re right where you belong now, little omega,” Alastair coos. “The Novak’s don’t know how to take care of their omegas. They don’t deserve you. Not after what they let happen to your daddy.”
Benny gives him another friendly smile and opens a door for Castiel, gesturing for him to climb in. “Whenever you’re ready. Take your time.”
Even when Dean gently removes the clamps, rubbing away the pain and giving him kisses, Castiel barely feels it. He doesn’t open his eyes or talk. He just… lies there. It’s a rare moment where Castiel gets to just…
Gabriel flinches again, this time with quite a bit of guilt in his expression. “I may have gone to that tiny ass grocery store down the way. The one the old couple owns. They live in the little place above it? You know, the store that’s closed like… 75% of the time because they’re “gone fishing”?”
“Who the fuck cares? Maybe you are the bad guy. You most definitely were in that story. But this one is just starting. You haven’t had a chance to be the hero or the villain.”
"Know what?" Dean whispers, trying to buy himself time. He's sure his cock will stop ruling him any second. Then he'll be able to remember why this is a bad idea.
Phi Delta Theta's Stupid Cupid party couldn't have come at a better time if you ask Castiel Novak's opinion. He failed his midterm, putting his scholarship at risk. His roommate just got back together with his ex and they've been having obnoxious marathon sex the past week, neither of them giving two fucks if Castiel is sitting right there. His best friend Charlie just got a new girlfriend - which is great, don't get him wrong, he's ecstatic for her - but that means she's never available lately. And, to top it all off, Castiel's ex - who he broke up with this past fall after finding out he was cheating on him the entire 2 years they were dating - just got spontaneously married to the very same guy he had been using to cheat on Castiel with.
“I hated how humiliating it was at times. I… don’t think I liked that. And when he was degrading. Made me think of,” Castiel stops himself, looking away.
“Oh, really?” Dean gives him a signature dom brow, chuckling when it makes Castiel melt against him. “How ‘bout this, then. You touch yourself here, and I won’t touch you when we get home.”
He expects a ‘good’ or a ‘good boy’ or maybe some more instructions and guidance. What he doesn’t expect is the harsh sting of the paddle being brought down on the exact same spot it had just tapped a moment ago. He feels it down to his bones. Up his spine. In his cock.
Except, he can’t be sure of that, can he? Because the person isn’t talking. It could be sir. It could be someone else. Castiel listens closely. It’s only one set of footsteps. He wouldn’t leave Castiel alone with one of his men. Not ever.
“That wasn’t right of me. That was my mistake, not yours, okay? I was trying to tease you and it probably didn’t come off that way, and I’m so sorry. It’s my fault, okay?”
Half-concerned that he’s about to float off into subspace himself, Dean admits, “I was just thinking the same. I’d give anything for that to be us. Not even the scene or being here in public. Just - just
“Who’s my dad?” I ask, my heart pounding. "Or my other dad, I guess. Or would it be a mom? My dad was gay, I think… though he didn't date much."
Continuing to hush his sweet, gorgeous, sexy as fuck boy, Dean pulls his knife out and easily frees Castiel from his rope. He takes the time to rub each mark left behind, partly because it will help them not bruise as badly, and partly because Castiel still needs a bit more time to calm down in order for him to be able to fully enjoy this.
Eventually, Castiel takes a deep breath and lets go of the strings. He very slowly rolls up the sleeves to his new sweater he bought today. Dean notices that Castiel’s hands are shaking terribly. When the sleeves are up at both elbows, he turns his arms over and shows Dean the underside of his forearms. Cautiously, Dean lifts a hand. He flicks his eyes up to Castiel, silently asking permission. When Castiel nods, Dean slowly circles one of his wrists with his long fingers, running his thumb along the raised scar at the base of the forearm. The first scar of far too many.
Sam, out of breath from laughter instead of exertion, breathlessly echoes his brother. “Good morning!”
Dean and Castiel exchange a look, trying hard not to burst into a fit of childish giggles. They start to push the cart again, Dean giving one last, “Sorry!” over his shoulder to the worker.
I can’t decide if I’m more terrified or outraged. Part of me wants to start a fucking omega rights rally, and the other part of me wants to scream and sob for help.
Cupping the back of Dean’s head, I guide his face to my claiming spot and run the other hand along his spine. He practically purrs as he presses harder against me. “Thought you left.”
The only problem is they don’t get it. They don’t have to fight an inner wolf. They don’t have to worry about pack dynamics and on-going cold wars with packs nearby. They don’t have to worry that they’ll make a bad alpha someday. Sometimes, it’s hard to be around them because of this.
Sir scoffs. "Jesus, you're pathetic. Look at you falling apart and begging already. Are you that needy, slut?"
Castiel's laugh is self-deprecating. "I don't think deal breakers exist when it comes to you, Dean. I'd give you the world."
- behind him. They both look upset and I realize they're upset at me. Everyone is mad at me. Everyone hates me.
"Please," Castiel begs. It's not a beg for mercy. Sir knows that. His nostrils flare. His eyes flash.
“Oh, really. I’ll be fine.” I gesture to the concession stand, thankful to notice that there’s only one person ahead of me now. “I’m getting hot chocolate. And I’ll be warmer up in the bleachers with my friends by me.”
. He doesn't even know if he finds men cute. Or women for that matter. He hasn't paid much attention these past 3 days. The realization that he's not even sure if he's gay or straight makes his dull headache throb. "I'm not sure I'm up for visitors."
After a long, drawn out pause where Castiel can’t find anything to say, Benny sighs. “Dean didn’t ask you if you want to plan the wedding, did he?”
In fact, too popular. Castiel quickly stops smiling when he realizes many of the people coming up to Dean are submissives. Available submissives, not wearing any collars. Ones that give Castiel a quick dirty look before pressing against Dean.
“I’m fine. I’m fine,” I cry, the bright green of our relief meeting the deep blue of sadness between us. “I’m fine, I’m fine, I’m fine-”
"Exactly! The bunker is huge!" Castiel stands up and stomps his foot. It's a total 4 year-old tantrum and he doesn't care. "It exists! His name is Einstein and he just doesn't like you guys."
After reading it a few more times, I carefully fold the note back up and slide it into the front pocket of my backpack to keep safe. I'm running a little late because of my re-reading of the note so many times, so I grab my books and hurry off to my first class of the day.
“Thank you.” Dean smiles at Castiel, looking proud. It makes Castiel puff up. He’s not doing anything but standing in place but he still feels incredibly accomplished. “Castiel, this is my good friend Alistair. He was a mentor of mine.”
“Fair enough.” Castiel reaches down and opens the top of the box so Dean can see it in its entirety. “These attachments on the sides are for cuffs, ropes, other restraints. This head hole is also a restraint of its own, where you can kneel here on the pad and stick your head in the hole. Then I would close this around your neck, and your head would be stuck inside while your ass is in the air for me. You can also be put curled up inside of it with your head coming out from the inside, meaning only your head would be visible. Then, for those that prefer to use it this way, it can be closed off completely with just the small breathing holes in the corners, making it so you’re basically boxed up.”
“Fair enough.” Dean starts walking down the stairs, knowing Castiel will follow. “First step: ocean.”
Strangely enough, Castiel believes that. He honestly believes Dean would give him anything in his power.
After, he starts to give the orders for the day. He took it off intending to spend time with Castiel, but now there’s too much to do. Everything is different.
“I don’t know?” The waiter stands up and sighs in exasperation. “He looked like you. Tall. Big. I don’t think your friend felt well. He seemed to be a little out of it. But your other friend was helping him.”
Once the heavy wooden door is closed, Castiel finds himself looking around for a moment. It’s clearly an important person’s office. Warm lighting, leather seats, bookcases filled with the classics, a globe that’s probably not even accurate, a decanter of scotch with crystal glasses beside it. It all screams wealth and power.
“Uh - one sec.” There’s some shuffling around in the background of the call for a moment. Then Benny is back. “He’s in the kitchen with Ellen.”
Definitely not as he grabs his jeans, getting ready to leave, only to see a small slip of paper fall out of his back pocket. He squints at it in the low lighting. There's a TSA logo in the corner. It's a business card. For a man. Someone named
Cheeks pink, Dean tries his best to do as told while I slowly peel back his underwear. His eyes widen when I stick my tongue out to drag the very tip along his shaft. Then they flutter shut when I lap at his leaking slit.
Though Castiel likes how Dean called it their playroom instead of just his playroom, Castiel has a feeling he does not want to keep that attitude. Not in the least. When he cowers and looks away, Dean makes a noise in the back of his throat. “That’s what I thought. Now gather your tablet and any notes you took if you decided to take some, and get your cute little bratty ass out in the living room.”
Then the fucker clamps his right nipple, hushing him in a soothing tone as he starts on the other. Castiel can feel his heartbeat in his nipples. He had no idea it’d feel so fucking… intense.
Castiel stares at Dean in shock. “I’m not letting you sit here while I take a bath. Seriously. Go away.”
At some point, I realize the water is cold and I'm shivering. I climb out of the bath and wrap a towel around myself.
Castiel whimpers again, his hips moving unconsciously to try and get friction against his own erection. "Yes," he admits. "Yes, sir."
"This is your fault," sir says simply. "Answer my questions or don't. I don't care. I'm having fun." Sir flicks both of the things clamped on Castiel's nipples, making them shift and bob.
"Not a chance. He's probably still holding onto the hope that Dean isn't one of us." My dad looks over at me, the moonlight catching on the gray streaks in his hair. "What does he smell like?”
Lips settle against the shell of his ear. "Such pretty panties, Dean. Did you wear them for him, or for me?"
I don't even notice the wolf moving until his cold nose is pressing against my right hand. I lock my body up and hold my breath as it sniffs me. I wait for it to clamp down and tear my arm off. Or maybe to bite first. Take his time gnawing on my wrist.
Castiel listens as Dean points out the way he likes the dark walnut and the burgundy. Dean doesn’t ask why nothing is blue, and Castiel doesn’t offer an explanation. Honestly, he’s relieved. He’s not sure how Dean would feel about Castiel wanting to keep blue something outside of this room. The only thing he wants to be blue is Dean’s collar as far as kink is concerned. He made the bathing room blue. He made the bedroom blue. He made the entire house white with blue and gray accents. But this room. This room isn’t blue. Castiel knew that going into this. What happens in this room, the things Dean will give to him, the sacrifices Dean will make, it’s not blue for them. Blue comes after. Blue is where Dean is
Feeling like a live wire, Castiel exposes his body to the man with the power to make him explode, unable to look away from his heated gaze until he's down to his panties. Then he loses his courage, eyes darting elsewhere as he hooks his thumbs into the lace material. Sir stops him. "Keep those on."
Castiel blinks up at him with tear-filled blue eyes, looking almost shocked. He opens and closes his mouth a few times like he can’t figure out what to say. Dean chuckles softly. The boy doesn’t look upset or in pain, just mesmerized. Dean can handle mesmerized.
“You’re trouble, you know that?” Dean asks Castiel about an hour after Castiel has fully come back to himself. They’re lying on the huge couch in the living room, cuddling and watching Netflix. Dean had suggested they watch in the little movie theatre he had but Castiel had rolled his eyes and told him that they were going to be normal people for a night and use a damn TV.
“Really." I turn serious, putting one of my hands over his and slotting our fingers together. "The whole time they had me, I wasn’t thinking how mad I was at you or how much I hated being involved in all of this. I just kept thinking about how much I wanted you. Being in your arms again felt like - like coming home, Cas. There’s no other way to explain it. Before coming here, before meeting you, I always felt like I didn’t fit. But I
Worry starts to eat at Dean. He really hopes Castiel isn't truly upset. He gets this is a shit situation, but they're in it together, and things will be so much better for both of them if they can find a way to make it work.
“Is this your way of telling me Benny is some sort of serial killer that’s going to kill me, but you’re trying to do it subtly because of bro code or whatever?”
"No. I don't want that. I don't want him to feel like he's being monitored. That'll just make things worse. For now, I got him to agree to a doctor appointment. His fucking piece of shit father wouldn't let him get any help. Can you believe that?"
Even after Castiel falls asleep, Dean can’t stop clinging to his body. He’s terrified if he lets go that he’ll never get a grip on Castiel again. That he’ll lose him forever.
A week ago, Castiel had never done more than kiss a boy. Now he’s naked and kneeling for one of the most dangerous men in the city, turned on by his own sluttiness.
Castiel hisses through his teeth, eyes squeezing shut. "Gonna come. If only you weren't so bad tonight. Then you could be coming with me."
“Oh. Of course. Thank you, Charlie.” Dean gives her a genuine smile, not thinking twice about her weird behavior.
I’m so blissed out on his taste that I don’t even notice that he’s digging his nails into my shoulders hard enough to make me bleed. It isn’t until he pulls his hands away and streaks the warm blood across my already healing skin that I realize it.
That’s surely the reason why Castiel asks a question that, two seconds after leaving his lips, makes him wish he could die on the spot. “Can people really come just from being hurt?”
Speaking of the ocean - the kitchen’s outer wall is shared with the outer wall of the dining area and living room as well, and the portion of it that’s in the kitchen is made up of four large, white panels of floor to ceiling windows that are framed by white linen curtains. It’s a perfect view of the ocean. Almost as good as the bathing room upstairs.
After settling on a documentary about honey bees - Castiel has realized in the past two years he finds nature quite fascinating - he puts the remote down.
I’m not sure if I make the conscious decision to sit or if I just fall, but somehow I end up beside my father in the grass. If this conversation was about anything else, I’d probably laugh at the ridiculousness of the two of us sitting here, human on a full fucking moon, ass naked, staring at the boy I’m obsessed with through his bedroom window.
“No. No, sir, no. No, I remember. I’m so sorry, sir, I remember. I can be good. I swear it. Please. I can be good.”
“Dean?” His breath hitches, his heart kicking into overdrive. “Sweetheart, can I come in? Or maybe you come out?”
And then he enters their bedroom where he was told Castiel would be waiting, and everything fades away. Everything but this:
Dean’s chest tightens and his stomach curls just at the mere thought of anyone doing that to Castiel - especially himself. “That won’t ever happen to you, sweet boy. Beating is a hard limit for me. I - or anyone else - will never hurt you like that.
After giving the granola bar a dirty look, Dean parts his lips and allows Castiel to place a bite-sized piece in his mouth. He chews and swallows, then takes another drink when Castiel puts it to his lips.
All of their new friends are demons. Don't get Castiel wrong, he's not prejudiced like his family. He doesn't believe all the nonsense that they are inherently evil. He doesn't buy into the hysteria that demons will one day rule the world. There are plenty of demons that have done amazing things for the world, just like the slew of angels that have unleashed terror and violence.
Smiling as I remember how he had reminded me of Castiel, I decide to tell him, “He kept smelling me. Apparently he could smell whatever it is that you keep smelling.”
“How’s Castiel?” Benny asks softly, concern laced in his voice. He’s been worried since he picked Castiel up, sending Dean a warning that the boy was shaky and close to tears. When Dean came down for the meeting earlier, he had updated Benny on Castiel’s break down, and Benny had been just as worried as Dean was. It had made Dean smile, like he finds himself doing now. It’s nice that his best friend, and right-hand-man, feels protective over Castiel. That’s vital.
The vitamin water is easier to swallow. It feels good on his throat. He looks up to find Dean watching him. Dean immediately looks away, pouring granola into a bowl of yogurt. The thought that Castiel may have upset him returns, and Castiel pushes the chocolate and water away.
He snorts through his nose before pushing up from the ground. It's the first time I've seen him shift. It's easier than I imagined. Graceful almost. There's a soft noise as bones and muscles shift and re-form, but it doesn't look painful, and it doesn't take more than a few seconds.
Dean looks down at his coffee, frowning. He had forgotten about the death certificate and fake identity. How had he forgotten about that? Such strange things to forget…
Castiel’s attention is caught by a young man whose dominant just finished binding him in an intricate shibari pattern. The red rope winds around the boy’s groin on each side of his hard cock and tight balls, pushing his ass cheeks up where the rope rests beneath each one. A large knot is on each of the submissive’s hips, rope coming from each of them up and behind the man’s back to attach to the sturdy metal hoop hanging from the ceiling. More rope is wrapped around the top of his abdomen, then the top of his pecs, squeezing them so his nipples are pushed forward. Rope is knotted on each ankle, his legs up and back as he kneels with his thighs parted wide on a large black leather cube beneath him. The rope from his ankles goes upward, wrapping around his wrists, which are crossed over each other at the small of his back. Finally, there’s rope around his neck, looped through the rope against his chest, making a ‘V’ shape along his collarbone.
Castiel tries to smile but fails miserably. Instead, he ends up just notching his head in a slight nod. “I remember.”
“Great. That’s - that’s great.” Dean grins ear to ear, feeling like a kid on Christmas. “That’s great. Then I’ll see you tonight? I’ll let you know what time once I have the reservation.”
Dean's muscles tense. Castiel thinks nothing of it as he heads to the fridge to grab a powerade and go-gurt for Dean, knowing the sub will need it after this last part of their scene.
My card memory is running low by the time I reach a beautiful clearing full of bright green grass and wildflowers. I curse myself for not thinking to pack more, but decide to let it go. There will be plenty more days like this. I definitely want to stay in this town for the rest of the year. Maybe even longer. Lebanon is sleepy and peaceful. I can breathe here. It feels safe.
“I mean, look at you, Dean. You’re… well, you know.” Castiel blushes even harder. “So, even if you weren’t rich, and a talented dominant or whatever… I can see why you’d be the prize.”
"I was thinking about you while I interrogated him tonight," sir says in a far away, matter-of-fact voice that makes Castiel feel small and insignificant. "I do that all the time now. They're an outlet. I do to them all of the things I want so fucking badly to do to you."
"If that's how easy it'd be to ruin everything, your relationship would be pretty shitty." Charlie pauses, then adds, "And in case you were wondering, I do
Castiel turns his head, probably about to ask what he should be watching for, but Dean grabs his chin and directs him forward. It only takes a few more seconds of the dominant gently tugging and checking on the rope, whispering things to the submissive that none of them can hear. Then the black box is being kicked out from under him, and the boy is dangling in the air.
“Here, in town. You didn’t fly to Lawrence and hunt these men down. You didn’t kill them. Even though you and I both know you could. You’re still well connected. It’d be a breeze, and it’d make you feel better, and you’d know they’d never lay hands on Dean again.” The doctor’s smile grows. “But you’re still here.”
After messaging back and forth with a sub he's played with before, Dean goes to find Benny. He's sitting in the living room with Ash, Charlie, and Sam. A hockey game is on the TV, but none of them are paying attention. They're all wrapped up in a story Ash is telling. When they notice Dean standing nearby, they all fall quiet.
"So, I highly recommend any of their french toasts," Charlie says as she looks through the brunch menu. Thankfully, it seems that she hasn't picked up on Castiel's dip in mood, giving him enough time to conjure a semi-genuine smile.
a child. It was a necessity. Just another thing I was taught to do. But you came along, and I started realizing the things my father taught me were very wrong. That’s why I left. I mean, yes, I left for you too, but I had no idea if you’d ever come back to me. Either way, I knew I needed to be done with that business. I’d never be able to look at it the same again - which is a good thing, don’t get me wrong. But that meant that all of the expectations I had for my future went out the window. Including having a child. It became a blank slate.”
Castiel splashes Dean, catching the man off guard. He stares at Castiel in shock before grinning. "You're gonna pay for that one."
Then he smirks. “Now either get dressed or go back to wolf form. It’s bad enough having you lurking around. The naked thing is where I draw the line.”
Grinning like crazy, Castiel pulls Dean in close and plants a soft kiss on his forehead. “Good. Now, get some sleep, babe.”
Castiel blushes from that alone and nods, not even looking at Dean. He’s focused on the pen he’s fiddling with. Dean loves that about the boy. He can be so confident and sassy, but he can also be vulnerable and embarrassed. What he loves, even more, is that Castiel shows Dean both sides.
“I could do breath play like this, ya know,” sir says in a strangled voice. “Stuff your throat so full of my cock you can’t breathe. Shove your face right up against my pubes. Not let you breathe until I feel like it.”
“Okay.” Castiel fidgets, a nervous habit Dean’s noticed over their time together. He plans to eventually work it out of the boy. Hopefully, it takes a
When a glass of wine is placed in front of him, Castiel nearly jumps out of his skin. He looks up at the waiter with wide eyes, about to tell him that he didn’t order this, that he’s not even 21, but Dean thanks the waiter and sends him away.
“Oh, the boss is going to have so much fun with you.” Benny leans forward, the heat of him against Castiel’s front feeling good, but dangerous. “Might want to try and get that pretty little cock to soften before he comes in. Unless you want him getting the wrong idea. Or the right idea. Whatever you choose to tell yourself, I suppose.”
"So, you're the one to finally catch Dean's attention, I hear?" Castiel freezes, hands making the leather couch beneath him creak. He wasn't aware this man knew Dean.
. Then Dean’s shifting so he can wrap a hand around Castiel’s throat. It’s an awkward angle, but the way Castiel begins to uncontrollably shudder combined with the absolutely filthy moan he releases before his oxygen is cut off is all Dean needs for it to be worth it. “That’s it. Come on, now. Let go. You’re safe.”
? Since he blew his entire life up? Since he made a thousand enemies? Since he lost his identity? Since he lost the love of his life? Since he’s been able to smile? Since he’s felt anything but empty?
I nod, gasping for air. Tears are pouring down my face. I'm starting to get very used to the sensation.
“Sorry,” I say breathlessly, trying to control my giggles. “I just - if you think I’m letting you go anywhere after we've gone through all of this work, you’re crazy!”
“He didn’t mind it. I think he’s messed around once or twice. At the beginning, I sort of dragged him along to a lot of those kinds of things while I learned and met people. As far as I know, though, he doesn’t do that with his partners. At least not officially. Guy might be a little kinky. I dunno. Never asked.” Dean shrugs. “All I know is I was fucking hooked.”
Not when sir hands him a pair of pretty white lace panties. Not when sir helps him get dressed, taking much longer than normal as he pauses to kiss him breathless between every article of clothing.
Another growl and then Castiel is launching himself toward the pretty twink. Dean is laughing as he grabs Castiel around his waist and pulls him back. He holds Castiel to his chest and tells the other boy through continued laughter, “You should probably leave before I let my boy loose on you.”
You know how a bull is locked in one of those small boxes right before its rider gets on, and it keeps trying to run and buck but it can't because it's too restrained? You know how a bull runs out of that thing bucking wild the second the doors open? That's Dean. That's Dean right now. Shamelessly bucking on sir's cock as fast as humanly possible.
“Good boy,” Dean praises. He leans forward and takes Castiel’s abused nipple between his lips. He licks around it before sucking gently.
Dean and Sam exchange a look. It's Sam's turn this time. He doesn't look too happy about that. "Cas, we've talked about this buddy."
“Ah!” Castiel arches his back until the rope stops him. Then he’s forced to just take it as Dean bites him again, this time on the side of his neck. He tries to look at the man but remembers last second he’s not allowed.
To contradict his sweet words and soft tone, Dean leans back on his knees, tightens his grips on the bunny’s hips, and starts to pound into him. He tries to take his time, tries to let the bun adjust, but it’s not long at all before he’s mercicessly fucking into the sweet little bun, sending his tiny body jolting forward, the only thing keeping him from banging his head against the headboard being Dean’s strong grip on him.
This seems to surprise Castiel, but then he takes the hand Dean offers to him and walks into the room by his side.
“Maybe one day we’ll see, Castiel.” Dean tugs ever so gently on the ring of Castiel’s collar, chuckling under his breath. “Let’s explore some more. That was a bad start to the night.”
Castiel drops the pout a little since he understands what Dean’s intentions are. He shouldn’t guilt him for trying to help their relationship.
“Jimmy,” Gabriel says softly. Dean flinches at the name alone. The scent of his bacon suddenly turns his stomach, making him have to fight the urge to shove his plate away.
“Yeah. Usually everyone goes to the diner after games but everyone will probably just head over to my place.”
“That’s enough.” The cold, dominating voice sends a wave of goosebumps across Castiel’s skin. He swallows whatever nervous rambling words he was about to say, clamping down hard on his bottom lip to keep them from escaping. Dean shifts closer to him. At this rate, they’re going to be chest to chest soon. Castiel’s not sure if he likes the idea of that or not.
“Ooooh.” I roll my eyes, laughing. “I see how it is. Well, I’m not doing homework unless you do yours.”
“Then you will deliver him tomorrow. Benny, my second, will retrieve him. He can meet you here. I’d prefer 6 PM, but if another time needs to be set, that can be arranged.”
“I’m not like him,” Castiel whispers, testing the words on his tongue. They still feel wrong. Heavy. Textured. But not as much so as the other times he had tried them. In fact, they feel like they could actually fit there, if he was willing to make just a bit more room. “I’m not like my father.”
Gripping one of Castiel’s ankles, Dean presses the boy's slim leg back until he’s fucking straight into his prostate. Castiel shrieks and tries to pull away. When he realizes he's not going anywhere, he looks up at Dean with pleading eyes. "P-pleeeease!"
Our thread still feels like nothing more than vapor. I want to ask him if he feels that too. I want to ask him how it happened, because it’s been fading, sure, but this morning outside his window our thread wasn’t like this. I want to ask him how I can fix this with us.
That’s easier. That, Dean can do. He did a lot of stuff that would count as being good, even if they weren’t dom and sub at the moment. “I was good because I - I picked out a meal I thought you’d really like, and I tried - I tried to teach you how to cook, and I sort of made everything because you were awful-”
Blushing, Castiel starts to look away. He’s stopped by Dean’s thumb and forefinger gripping his chin and holding him steady. Not sure what else to do, he stares at the knot on Dean’s tie.
Nodding, Dean looks down at the carpet and begins. "It really fucking hurts when you say those things, like how I shouldn't be with you and I should leave you and all that… when you throw in my face how much you've hurt me-"
He’s close. I can’t smell him or hear him in here, but I can sense him. There’s a ghost of a thread beginning to form between us.
“Yes, sir,” the waiter says in response, and Dean finds it curious that the man chose to call Castiel sir and not Dean. Maybe the lady in the front told him how Dean had reacted. Or maybe he could sense the power dynamic that will never leave the two of them, no matter how their labels and situation shifts.
“About what happened to John? And… how Dean was created?” My dad squeezes his eyes shut and nods. “Yeah. He told me. He hasn’t told Dean yet, though.”
Blushing, Castiel nods. He takes a chance and grinds on Dean's thigh. It feels good enough for him to throw his head back and groan.
The peaceful happiness is short-lived when Dean’s chest rumbles with low words. “Can you tell me what made you upset?”
. The Hunters are either all socially awkward with no game, or they see him like the monster his father was.
“Exhilaration. Arousal. Desire.” Dean chuckles darkly. “You may not have liked that he was watching you, but you liked that I talked about you with him. How he appraised you. How he exposed you.”
Dean sticks his tongue out at Castiel, which takes the man completely by surprise and leaves him a little flustered. He ends up just looking down at the menu again to avoid eye contact with Dean which, if you ask Dean, is fucking adorable.
But what Dean doesn't want is for Castiel to be with him out of obligation. For Castiel to be with him
“You’re okay,” he coos. “You’re doing so well, sweetheart. My good boy. Do you want sir to make you feel good, now? Hmmm?”
Except he's not. Castiel is wide awake, his back against the headboard, his knees drawn up to his chest and his arms wrapped around them. He's staring at the outlet across the room. The boy doesn't even flinch when Dean walks in. He's not sure Castiel is even aware Dean is there.
“Definitely.” Castiel smiles. “I don’t know what’s happening here, but whatever it is, I’m not exactly in a hurry to fight it.”
"Good boy." Castiel rolls off the bed and walks to his bathroom. As he begins to clean himself up, he asks, "Are you okay?"
When I catch my breath, I turn my head to look at her. “Please, he’s taking too long,” I beg. “Tell me what’s happening to me.”
Dean grabs Castiel’s cheeks with one hand and squeezes, making him gasp. “You’re still my sub right now. We haven’t stopped our scene. You’re wearing my collar. Your ass is stuffed with my plug. Your cock is poking out of your jeans right now because of me. Show me some fucking respect, brat, and address me properly.”
“I don’t know why,” sir says very casually, almost as if talking to himself. He takes another drag from his cigarette and blows the smoke into Castiel’s blindfolded face again, ignoring his coughs. “But torture is so much better with a good cigarette. Do you smoke, Castiel?”
Once all of the garbage and scraps are in the trash, and the leftovers are put away, his gaze falls on the sink.
“Because your body already knows who it belongs to, Castiel. Your hole knows who it belongs to. It’s already mine, isn’t it? Why wouldn’t you take my cock when you’re mine, right sweetheart?”
“No. I’m perfect.” Castiel turns his phone screen back on since it went black and wiggles a little to get more comfortable. When he feels Dean harden beneath him, the little shit smiles in triumph. Then he makes a face. “Please tell me you aren’t into foot worship. I’m not kink shaming, I swear, but just-”
“And we aren’t raping you, pretty thing,” Alastair adds. “We’re using you for what you’re meant for. We’re
Dean doesn’t want to think about the compound, and he doesn’t want to watch the video because he’s pretty damn sure he’ll mess up more if he does, so Dean fixes his gaze on the fireplace beneath the TV and lets his mind drift.
Castiel picks up the key and turns it a few times in his hand. It's the only one that exists. Meaning whoever this Dean is, he left it to make sure that Castiel felt safe. To prove that no one but Dean had been in this room.
“No need to fill me in,” Gabriel grumbles, clicking on a video of an orgy. “I think the whole house could hear that fight.”
When sir bottoms out, he gives Dean just a second to adjust, circling his hips once. Then he pulls back and lets loose. He takes no pity on Dean, even as he writhes, and moans, and makes those pathetic begging sounds around his gag. Even when he starts to cry. He just pounds away, his breathing heavy and ragged and dangerously sexy, his fingers hooking around the edges of Dean’s rope to fuck him even harder.
Dean nods. He gets it. It all makes sense. It does. But he just needs that slice of freedom. He needs a part of himself to remain separate.
“I’m aware. This wasn’t supposed to happen.” Dean adjusts Castiel when he feels him slipping. “We’re going home.”
The relief on Castiel’s face is interesting, but Dean dismisses it. He just watches Castiel walk away, appreciating the view of his lace covered ass, before looking back at the cashier. “Scan an extra pair of those lace briefs for me. He’s wearing a pair. And the gloves too, I suppose.”
The bedroom door swings open hard enough to slam back against the wall. Uncle Bobby is standing with Castiel's dad -
Castiel meets Dean’s eyes, biting his lip when he sees the heat in the man’s gaze. “I - I didn’t order this.”
Castiel leads me to the open field that I know the football team practices on. He sits down on the grass, apparently not bothered if he gets his clothes dirty. I follow.
He feels Dean’s arms wrapping around him, the blanket getting pulled up. A straw is pressed to his lips and he sips once to get the boy to leave him alone. Then he curls against Dean, pulling the boy into his arms to make him the little spoon like usual, and releases a happy sigh.
Dean doesn’t look back as he walks away. He doesn’t have to. The choking sound that comes from Castiel is enough.
Castiel pulls away, pressing a hand to my chest when I try to chase him. The two of us sit there, panting as we stare at each other.
Doing as told, Dean gently cradles the collar in his hands. He takes his time to explore it. Touching. Bending. Turning. He tugs at the silver ring that hangs from the small knob at the front of the collar. Presses his thumb against the latch on the back.
“Thank you, Dean.” Castiel smiles softly. “Over here on this shelf - they all look a little intimidating.”
The look Castiel gives Dean is a mixture of betrayal and sadness. It's enough to make Dean slump a few inches and look away, staring at the floor like a child that's been scolded.
It's small, shy, and accompanied by a blush, but it's a smile nonetheless. "I know this is crazy, but… I did too."
The sound of a throat getting cleared interrupts them. Castiel squeezes his eyes shut and turns his face away, knowing he’s blushing ridiculously hard as he hears Benny inform Dean, “We’re here, sir.”
“There you go. Sassy mouth taken care of.” Dean pats his cheek patronizingly. Then, as Castiel is still distracted by his pouting, Dean smacks the crop down on his cock. It’s not hard, not enough to hurt, but it shocks the fuck out of Castiel and makes him gasp. Dean chuckles, then curls his finger. “Come on. Stand up.”
Dean closes his eyes, shivering as those wandering thumbs hook into his panties and tug gently, making the front tighter against his already straining cock. Castiel shamelessly pushes his own erection into the cleft of Dean's ass. It's covered by denim, and Dean should be thankful, but he's not. He wants nothing between them except a condom. He wants Castiel buried deep inside him again.
Dean’s eyes fall on the shorter woman behind the podium as he hands her his ticket and ID, still talking to the blonde woman. “Where you goin’ to?” He looks over at her ticket and reads her destination. “Lauderdale? Me too!”
Castiel hums happily before locking their lips together again. The next time Dean needs to pull away for a breath, he realizes they’ve knocked over a bag of flour that’s spilled all over the floor, and a store worker is looking at them unimpressed.
Dean's cock listens to the order, not giving a shit what Dean's opinion is. Not that Dean isn't on board. Dean is
There’s a silence that stretches too long. Castiel looks up at him and shivers. Dean’s glaring off at something, or someone, across the club. His jaw is locked. Teeth clenched. “Dean?”
Castiel turns to Dean, watching as the man clumsily pushes to his feet. He’s lived a very long life. Much longer than many - including angels. Yet, Castiel never once felt alive.
It takes a considerable amount of effort to keep track of all of my packmates, to quietly sneak off to Dean's, and to keep my threads all seeming bored and tired so no one knows what I'm up to, but I pull it off. It's worth it when I see Dean is still in his window. He's leaning against the glass now. Our thread has been so much stronger since the party. Even at this distance, I can sense him. He's peaceful. Happy.
Castiel pushes forward the best he can, trying to put his plan into motion, but his ropes stop him. Even if they didn’t, sir’s grip is so tight on his hair he’s pretty sure he wouldn’t be able to move anyway. All he can do is sit there and take it as sir plunges into his mouth. He’s doing it too shallow, though. Barely gliding along Castiel’s tongue at all. Castiel tries to open his mouth wider, tries begging with his mouth full for sir to fuck his throat like he saw in all those videos, but sir just keeps his steady pace, jacking himself with his hand and only using Castiel’s mouth as a suction for the crown of his cock.
Castiel sniffles and slaps at the tears on his cheeks. One look at Dean, though, and he's falling apart. Sir chuckles fondly, pulling him in close. "Oh sweetheart, what's the matter, hmmm? Talk to me."
Dean nods. He does know this. Gabriel is the black sheep of the family. He sleeps with angels, demons, and non-presenters. It makes his family ashamed but he promised them to never have kids - to never soil the family line - so they allow him to stay instead of disowning him.
"Shut. The. Fuck. Up," Dean orders in a cool, calm voice that means death for anyone in his presence. He presses the blade up against the man's soft cock and pushes down just enough to make him hiss. "Last chance. What did you want with Garth?"
I close my eyes. "Am I being a fucking idiot? I wanted space because I feel like all of a sudden I'm this tiny cog in this huge grand supernatural plan with a werewolf that's in love with me without even really knowing me and that can control me with a simple tight grip to the back of my neck and now every time I go into heat I'm going to be vulnerable and he has all this power over me and I feel like I love him too which logically doesn't make sense even if my biology is begging me to be with him and I feel powerless and afraid and I'm hurting both of us by throwing a fit over-"
Dean nods vigorously and focuses his eyes on the TV to show his sir that he can be a good boy. The sub has been freed from the ring on the ceiling and moved to a bed. He’s settled on the mattress in the same position as before, only this time his arms are able to rest against his back. The dom slips his cock into the sub’s mouth and starts to languidly fuck his throat. His large hands wrap around the sub’s shoulders as he kneads the muscles. The sub moans in pleasure and relief before beginning to suck his dom with gratitude.
Castiel’s aware he’s stubborn. Sometimes stupidly so. This might be one of those times, as he aimlessly walks through the halls of the house, but he doesn’t care. He’s determined to do this on his own.
Dean finds himself looking at Castiel now, thinking about the moment with Connor as he does so. He looks so innocent now, standing still as he watches a scene with his head tilted to the side. His pale, beautiful skin is flawless, the marks on his inner thighs now healed completely. He must not cut there as often as his wrists because there aren’t any scars -
