Benny snorted. “Nah, brother, you just snore too damn loud.” Dean replied to him with a blown kiss and a raised middle finger.
Dean smiled. “Yeah, times like that. Or when you came back from the Empty the first time, and I took you to Dodge City.”
The things he saw were terrible and frightening, often beyond his comprehension. He saw creatures with black eyes which dissolved into sulfurous smoke. He had visions of grotesque monsters driven by bloodlust, hunger and anger. He saw his own hands drenched in blood.
But Dean yearned to be filled in another way, too. The thick length of Cas’s cock pressed into his abdomen, brushing against his own erection and he ached for it.
Dean pressed feather-light kisses on his cheeks, his eyelids, the tip of his nose which made them both laugh again. He let Cas do the same in return, as if he were trying to cover every last corner of Dean’s face with kisses.
Cas hung back for a moment, battling indecision. The urge was strong to vanish, to flee as he had done previously. To disappear while the others’ backs were turned, because staying close to Dean was to put him at far greater risk than he was already.
Well then, fuck it, Dean was going to. He leaned in to meet Cas’s mouth again, kissing him, sliding his hands carefully around his waist. He didn’t want to cause pain but he also wanted to feel as much of Cas’s body as he could. A small hint of blood was still there from the split in his lip and Dean licked at it, drawing out that sweetness until he could feel the buzzing in his brain again. Cas moaned against him, a desperate sound that quickened Dean’s pulse and was enough to make him hard.
“Yeah. Listen.” Dean perched on the top of the library table and opened his mouth to speak. But then, suddenly, he stood back up and grabbed Cas by his arm. “Not here,” he hissed in Cas’s ear. “Come with me.”
Cas was on the bed with his shoes, jacket and tie off, dress shirt unbuttoned at the top. Dean swallowed. It was about as close to undressed as Cas ever got except when they were...
“Oh. In that case...” Cas did as Dean asked, slipping his hand into Dean’s hair as he went for another kiss. Dean sunk into it with a moan, surprised at the confidence in how Cas kissed him. How he seemed to already know how Dean liked it—a little forceful, more than a little possessive.
Cas smiled. “I appreciate it. Thank you again, Dean.” To have at least one night where he wouldn’t have to sleep alone—one night here with Dean—was a true gift after everything he’d gone through of late.
But it wasn’t easy and he had to split his attention between the task at hand and willing his body to not get any ideas—and to stop thinking with his goddamn dick.
“I...yeah but...this is still kinda new to me, Cas. Which is one of the reasons I was so afraid to ever say or do anything before.”
thank God. He hated being reminded of it, of everything that he’d done while under the Mark’s influence. But he especially hated remembering how close he’d come to killing Cas.
“I know, but somehow the reaper found you despite that. I know she was a reaper, not an angel, but that makes Zeke nervous.”
Dean closed his eyes and buried his face in Cas’s neck for a moment, needing to savor this. “I wasn’t even...never sure if we did this if you’d feel anything. I still don’t always get how this vessel stuff works.”
, but...us. If he hasn’t already figured it out from how loud we are.” Dean didn’t like keeping secrets from his brother. Secrets had a nasty tendency to bite them in their collective asses.
Cas surprised Dean, then, by taking a little initiative and pushing him down onto the ground and into the crushed grasses. Dean breathed in dirt and hay and the holy sweetness that radiated off Cas’s skin—like incense and honey, somehow both of Heaven and Earth at the same time. Cas loomed over him, looking down at Dean as if he were peering straight into his soul.
“I very much wish.” He wished the world could leave them alone for a while. For a couple weeks, if he could be greedy, so they could spend as much time as possible here. Learning, healing, exploring everything they could give to and be for each other.
Cas only hummed and kept at it, going to kiss Dean’s neck, feeling his pulse beneath the skin. Dean clutched at him, fingers digging into his back, heartbeat starting to race faster and faster. The ache for release was growing in his own vessel, and so he shifted, enough to be able to get his hand on both of their erections at the same time.
and a sharp pain as teeth sunk into the fragile radius bone of one wing. Cas channeled that pain into a massive surge of grace, blasting off his attackers, turning the three instantly into ash.
Cas shrugged. “Rest is all I will require. I just don’t know how long it may take. I hope I will not be low-powered for too long when we have the Darkness to worry about.”
Dean had taught Castiel he had choices.That he didn’t have to always follow Heaven’s orders with blind devotion. Dean had lead him to reject the only family he’d known for millennia and embrace a new path, a new kind of existence.
He was making the world a better place. He knew he was doing good things. Even if it was messy, and sometimes bloody, it was all necessary.
Dean had always loved Cas’s hugs, but this one was like none other. Dean clutched at Cas’s coat and when he could finally find words again, he asked, “We did the spell to bring you back in the bunker, so how the hell did you end up
Dean slowly worked his way back up that gorgeous body, pausing for kisses here and there. He finally made his way to being face-to-face with Cas, who was giving him the dreamiest, most relaxed smile he thought he had ever seen on his face before. If Dean had his phone handy, he’d snap a picture for his private collection; he’d never need porn again if he could look at that face any time he got the urge.
But the Empty wasn’t Heaven. It wasn’t a ‘memorex of your greatest hits’ as Dean had once said. It was a place where those best memories became twisted into regret and sorrow the deeper you went, until it grew ever more difficult to claw your way back out.
“Nights we spent watching your favorite movies together, you explaining things I didn’t understand.”
That, and Dean didn’t want to leave Cas’s side, not even for a second. “This is getting to be a bad routine,” Dean said, still clutching Cas against him.
Dean’s breath caught in his throat at the first touch of Cas’s lips against his own. It was a light kiss, questioning and not demanding. Yet at the same time it was enough to shatter all the walls of doubt and uncertainty in Dean’s heart. Cas started to pull back but Dean stopped him, lifting a hand to the back of Cas’s head to keep him close. Cas moaned against him, surrendering to Dean’s demanding kiss.
“They could have, and were certainly planning to. In time. But these weren’t deadly wounds. Just...exceptionally painful ones.”
Dean caught Cas giving him a sideways glance. “I know as much as any angel who is not a cupid. Only they have access to the books listing destined soulmates.”
“Hmm. Well, right now this physical realm is feelin’ pretty good to me.” He rubbed his returning erection against Cas’s thigh for emphasis.
Cas pulled back a little, still looking at Dean with wonder and awe. “I heard your voice again, in an incantation. And a light started breaking through the darkness, something reaching out for me. I tried calling out to some of my brothers and sisters, to wake them up as well for a distraction as I chased after it.” He shook his head. “I don’t remember anything after that. Nothing but waking up here.”
Whatever it was, they had reached a tipping point. Dean’s eyes fixed on a long gash on Cas’s forehead, one that was still leaking blood down to his cheek and jaw. He could have used the washcloth, but instead Dean cradled Cas’s head in his hands and leaned in to kiss the wound. It was as if something had told him his lips might heal these wounds that his hands and medical supplies simply couldn’t.
Cas could speak to him in his real voice and the sound was like a deep, delicious hum coursing through his body—not the screeching sound that had threatened to blow out his eardrums on Earth.
“Which can wait until at least tomorrow. How about you rest here with me for a while?” Dean offered. “I’m not going anywhere for the rest of today. Neither should you.” He reached for his laptop on the nightstand, popped it open and launched his browser window. “Pick something neither of us have seen on Netflix and let’s watch it, here in bed.”
“For now—thanks to your distraction. I banished him the fuck out of here. But let’s go and get Cas cleaned up.” Dean wiped his hands on his jeans which were full of mud and he didn’t want to think of what else from the muck at the bottom of that stall. He made a face and added, “Me, too.”
“Jack! How did you…?” Dean had asked that day, so thankful yet in a complete state of shock. He’d held tight to Cas’s hand after an intense reunion hug that had only been interrupted when Dean spied the young God waving and smiling at them.
“You’re right, this place is soaked in kitsune blood, plus some of ours. Guaranteed to attract scavengers soon.” Dean got to his feet and wiped his soiled hands on his jacket. “Which direction?”
Dean’s eyelids fluttered and his entire body seemed to quake. He blinked, slowly, one hand keeping him propped up while the other was in Cas’s hair. “You promise me that?”
“I know.” Cas sighed. “I should have sensed the presence of an angel early on. Wasn’t even thinking it was a possibility. He must have been using some kind of personal warding so I wouldn’t notice his proximity, much as I have done for myself. Still, I had no idea until he called and claimed he had you both...which ended up being a lie to capture me instead.”
He walked along in the growing morning light, eyes stinging but he refused to let the tears come. Not yet. He ached and felt so bone-weary. So
Dean couldn’t help himself at that moment. He moved even closer so he could be right up against Cas. And when Cas didn’t seem to mind, he rested his head, slightly, against the angel’s shoulder. He wasn’t sure what was compelling him, but after everything he’d been through—everything
Cas shrugged, weariness etching his face. “I’m a target and a liability. Without my full powers, I can barely heal and take care of myself, let alone be of use to you and Sam.”
Dean found Sam in the kitchen, working on his laptop. Sam smiled at him and said, “Hey, I see Cas’s soup worked wonders on you.”
He hoped Sam didn’t notice when he got himself in this state, though one of these days he was going to figure it out. Dean knew he would, if he didn’t get this situation under control or break free of these cravings entirely. He had no idea how he was going to explain himself when that day came.
Dean wanted to split town, and fast. “Could be other angels after Cas involved in this, and we don’t know how long the banishing will keep Nanael away. He may have sent out a message over angel radio that he had Cas, or others might be part of this whole set-up. We shouldn’t hang around.” He let Sam drive while he held on to their wounded friend in the back of the car. Dean had draped Cas in the blanket they kept in the trunk but he was still shivering—though it seemed more due to his injuries than feeling cold.
“Hey, come here.” Dean wrapped Cas up in a tight hug, feeling him trembling. “It’s gonna be okay, Cas. I’m here. We’ll get through this. We solve this mess with Sam, defeat Abaddon, and then we’ll find that dickbag Metatron and get your grace back.”
...where he had once kneeled, said a final prayer, and opened the box of ashes to scatter on the ground and into the wind.
home, one with windows that would let them wake up to natural sunlight and a big backyard for Cas’s garden. There was a detached garage where Dean could set up shop, maybe even start a little business fixing cars and building things.
“Yes, yes, I do. I may have said it in my prayers, but I should have said it long ago, and I need to say it now. Face-to-face. You stopped me once before from saying it,” Dean reflected, thinking on their return trip to Purgatory not that long ago. “But now, no one’s gonna drag you away for being happy again. Not unless they drag me right along with you.”
“Hang tight, buddy. We got you.” Dean kept repeating that, almost more for his own benefit than Cas’s.
...almost. His hands felt a certain resistance and electricity in the air as they passed over where he could see those wings. And Cas gasped and arched into that almost-touch, looking at Dean then with surprise. “Dean, that…”
He could feel it rising within him—a giant, cresting wave of promised release, growing inescapable, about to pull him under. He clung to Cas, fingers digging into his vessel’s flesh. He pulled him as close as he could and sensed the rings of fire and light spinning around them both, faster and faster. He closed his eyes without needing a warning to protect himself as the roar in his ears grew ever louder.
The sad thing was it had all started innocently enough and with the best of intentions, as bad decisions so often did. Weeks before, by accident, and now…
“Then you will come,” Cas promised, pressing another kiss along his jaw, below his ear. “As many times as I can make you. It’s a challenge I welcome fully.”
“Most likely.” Cas paused before continuing, “Does that bother you? Soulmates are quite rare. Generally only those who, together, have significant roles to play in fate of the world are mates. Most humans seem to find fulfilling relationships without needing to be soulmates.”
He started moving down Cas’s body, placing kisses on his neck, his collarbone, his chest...anywhere he still could get a taste of that blood. He’d cleaned the worst of the wounds on his torso but there was a cut on his stomach that was still bleeding. Dean went for it and licked up the red trail, finding every sensation intensifying once again.
Dean managed enough energy to put his arm around Cas, to keep him close. This was seriously nuts. He couldn’t believe it. They were snuggling together in bed, in a crappy motel, after a pissed-off angel had nearly killed them both,
Dean moved with the confidence of knowing exactly what he wanted. What he needed. It was mesmerizing to watch him riding Cas with such assurance. He had the same animalistic grace while fornicating that he did when battling monsters and demons—he was pure carnal beauty at work, brutal and swift. He clearly wanted to control this encounter and Cas let him, for now, for this was another lesson in passion, in humanity. Another lesson in the language of Dean.
Dean grunted, winced. Cas felt this body of his react to the tight heat suddenly gripping the head of his cock, sending electrical signals through his form, igniting a new kind of hunger. Cas could sense both pain and pleasure radiating off of Dean, and realized that better lubrication than spit would make this much more comfortable. So he lifted a hand to Dean’s face and touched his forehead, a small burst of energy to manipulate the molecules of moisture from spit into something more slippery, viscous. He also eased Dean’s pain by relaxing the appropriate muscles in his body. With that Dean sunk deeper onto him, his face contorting with a sucked-in breath, then a throaty laugh.
There was a shyness in the way Cas dropped his eyes again that made Dean’s heart beat faster. “Does that mean you want me to do it again?”
.” Dean rolled his eyes but then softened into a contented smile as he watched Cas walk back to his truck, trench coat billowing out behind him.
He hadn’t even wanted to take the case with all they had going on, but Sam had insisted on it. He’d said an “easy win”, an old-fashioned salt-and-burn, would be good for them.
Cas pulled back enough to lift his head, look at Dean with a slightly sad smile. His eyes were moist and all Dean ached for in that moment was to take away the pain he saw there. He brushed his fingers over Cas’s cheek and felt his body starting to react to their closeness, the way Cas looked at him with those intense blue eyes.
Dean sprinted the rest of the distance to the figure and fell onto his knees on the ground beside him. Fuck it, fuck fuck
“No, no. I...oh.” Cas grabbed onto Dean’s lower back, right above his ass, bucking up harder against him. “
A small smile quirked to life from the corners of Dean’s mouth as his eyes lifted to meet Cas’s. “Thanks.”
Gabriel nudged Balthazar. “Come on, Balzy. Let’s go raid the Winchester liquor cabinet and leave the love-birds some alone time to catch up.”
it in kind. Dean nuzzled his stubble-covered cheek and jawbone against the small area of exposed flesh along his neck, and he shivered to feel every tiny pinprick of hair. The heat of desire radiating off Dean’s body was growing as he became bolder, and Cas did not push him away or stop him.
“This is a trap,” Sam warned. They’d driven to the barn and parked a short distance away. The lights were on in the lower section with the milking stalls but otherwise all was quiet, no signs of activity.
“Venice, Italy. I always wanted to show you this. And so many more places.” He put an arm around Dean’s waist, placed a kiss on his cheek. “Sam isn’t the only Winchester who deserves to see the world, Dean. The world you helped save, so many times over.”
“What if...like with my dad...one of them ends up in Hell? Mom, she...she still has a place in Heaven, doesn’t she?”
He could feel Cas shaking his head against his chest. “It’s gone. He used it for the spell to cast out the angels.”
He still didn’t know what had stopped him, that day, when rage and bloodlust had consumed him. Only that at the last second, something had held him back. Some last shred of himself not lost to the Mark had diverted his hand and made him realize that if he killed Cas, he’d never forgive himself. It would destroy him.
because he was the easiest available target. Instead Dean overturned the table where they had assembled the spell ingredients, lit candles and all. He saw Claire flinch and cower from his anger—and it took a
Dean swallowed and closed his eyes, wanting to forget about that day. “Yeah, that might turn a guy off sex forever.”
A trembling hand reached up to touch Dean’s cheek—and this time it was Dean’s turn to catch his breath as he felt that touch reach
The thick door muffled the voice, but he recognized it as Cas’s. And in that one word Cas always managed to convey so much. Right now Dean knew that he was actually saying:
Cas really wasn’t looking forward to that. But perhaps the pain and risk would be worth it to know for sure. If they could find an angel he could trust. “It...does make sense, in a way. Maybe you’re right, Dean.” It would explain so much. Yet it also set his human mind reeling. He felt dizzy at the realization and had to sit down on the edge of Dean’s bed.
No matter what would happen tomorrow, though, Dean had one last piece of business to attend to tonight. A final prayer to send out into the void. To Cas, if he was out there, anywhere, still able to hear him.
Dean could make a comment about that being kind of creepy, Cas raiding his porn. But if it meant he could do what he was doing so well right now then Dean supposed it wasn’t his place to complain. “Guess I’ve got some catching up to do, finding out what
The first one attacked with reckless hunger and rage. Cas stabbed him, lifting the body up with his blade as he smote him easily. But in the time that took, three of the others surged forward, one kicking him hard behind the knee, taking him down. He used his wings to shield himself as the others lunged in, their obscene mouths wide and eager to take a bite out of him.
None of these elements were essential parts of the supposed angel resurrection spell. But magic could be as much about focusing and powering intent as it was about following some ancient, explicit instructions. At least that’s what Rowena had explained to Sam when he called upon her for help (and when she’d provided the spell with the caveat Sam be her date for Hell’s annual Red Party if it worked).
So many things suddenly made sense to him. The irresistible draw he’d always felt toward Cas since they’d come face to face in that barn. The way they kept falling into each other’s lives even when at odds, even in the face of betrayals and lies and mistrust. The way he’d somehow known Cas was alive after the Leviathans, in Purgatory, whenever everything pointed to him being dead and gone forever.
, and somehow it was the sexiest damn thing in the universe. He had a book in his hands and Dean asked, “Reading anything good?”
angel. Iron mixed with honey... Of course Cas would taste of golden nectar and the fire of battle and
That earned him a kick in the shin. “Ass. But yes. Please. Stay tonight. Tomorrow. Forever. Whatever.”
“For example,” Cas paused, urging Dean onto his side so that they could lay entwined together. “Can I touch you...here?” He slid his hand down between them to find Dean’s erection, stroking it gently with his fingers.
,” Cas moaned, as Dean’s hand slid into his underwear. What he found there was very human, and very hard, and Dean licked his lips. He stroked Cas for a while, teasing touches as he continued kissing him, unable to get enough of those full lips. His own cock was weeping and desperate for attention, but he wanted to concentrate on nothing but pleasuring Cas—for now.
“I understand. That will remain our secret, of course. I still don’t know what it means, good or bad. But...the bond it seems to heighten between us? I feel nothing but strength in it.”
Lost. That was an accurate description for how he felt, though not just at this moment. Lost was how he felt every day in this life he knew was not his own. Daphne’s voice drew him out of the fog of his clouded mind, but he could not look at her. His gaze remained fixed on the ceiling. Blank, white. Featureless.
“Because it’s not supposed to be possible! As I told you, back then, angels...we don’t have souls, therefore we don’t have soulmates. That’s simply the way it is.”
Cas’s hand touched the bloodied skin and as he did so, he also sensed bruised ribs to set right, other minor maladies throughout Dean’s body. He had rebuilt this man from decaying flesh and brittle bone; he knew every millimeter of it, how it should fit together, and could immediately sense anything that shouldn’t be there. Indeed, he discovered some nasty parasites unique to Purgatory’s water supply which had taken up residence in Dean’s digestive tract. Those he purged as well, before they could multiply and cause some highly unpleasant side-effects.
The road stretched on ahead of him. He’d make it to his destination around sunrise, carried by the music playing on his stereo and the feeling of Cas still somehow there beside him.
Cas. His angel. His...soulmate. Now that they were alone in his room again, the knowledge of this came crashing down on Dean in full force. He still wasn’t quite sure what to do with it.
“How did...when did you learn how to do that so well?” Dean wanted to know when Cas finally let him up for air again. “And don’t you dare tell me it was The Pizza Man.” Dean remembered that dark-haired angel who seemed all too entranced with Cas, back when he was commanding his angel army. “That Hannah chick give you lessons?”
The day passed and celebrations finally waned with the other angels departing to...go do whatever they were now going to get up to (with promises not to cause
Cas knew he couldn’t fight off or duck and run from it forever. It had never come at him this angry before. Did it sense...did it sense something stirring? Something happening, like Dean had promised it would?
Dean hated this. He wanted Baby back. He wanted the life he’d had before back—as crappy as it often had been.
The two angels were gone in a blink and a whoosh, leaving Dean chuckling in disbelief while Cas still looked dazed—and a little concerned. “We should go warn Sam.”
“We should move on,” Cas urged, glancing around. He stretched out cautious tendrils of that grace to survey their immediate surroundings. “Nightfall is coming and we should get some distance, in case there are any more of them nearby.” He also didn’t like to stay in one place for long even if he could sense no one else nearby.  Any use of his angelic powers seemed to be a beacon to leviathans in the vicinity, drawing them out of deep hiding.
“Oh god, Cas,” he groaned. Cas, his angel. Lost and found, lost and found, so many times and with every one of them he’d wanted to do this with him.
The slim cut on Cas’s forearm had stopped leaking blood already, beyond a tiny trickle. Dean needed more. Time to pick a fresh spot.
“Yes. I can spend some time concentrating on nothing but healing Sam and myself.” Zeke’s flat, angelic tone of voice was so unnerving to hear from his brother. “Crowley is secure. Kevin is busy with his translations. Yours and Cas’s absence will ensure there is little distraction from the work I must do.”
“I know, I know. This one showed up and said he would cure Sam but only if he could possess him while he healed himself from the Fall. He said his name is Ezekiel, if that means anything to you. He was the one who saved you, after April killed you. It wasn’t any bargain I made with her. He did it.”
Dean rose and kicked the offering bowl out of the circle, splattering its ashen contents against the wall.
Real Leviathan or just another torturous form, he knew this creature, this nameless entity, could reappear in front of him once more at any time. And it did, this time, oozing up from the dark void, laughing, still wearing that grotesque, corrupted visage of Dean.
prayers. How did Dean not understand? This entire place overflowed with creatures who wanted Castiel dead. He had abused them all in his grab for power over Heaven. He had allowed the Leviathans free rein over Earth only to then trap them back in this realm of endless horror, violence and death.
He’d also given Cas and the other grounded angels he’d saved their wings back—Cas most importantly, so he could go back and forth to visit Jack in Heaven, help him out as needed. Dean hadn’t cared
Cas didn’t get a chance to reply as the others finally seemed to notice their belated arrival. Claire spotted Cas and ran up the stairs full-speed at him for a hug that felt like embracing sunshine itself. And then there was Sam—all six-feet-four-inches of Sam lifting him off the ground with his own tight embrace. Eileen was busy on a hunt but Sam had to video call her so she could join in from afar, too.
“Nothing about you is ugly, Cas. Especially not seeing you like this.” Dean tried to kiss away the angel’s self-doubt. He urged him back from the edge of the bed, so they could stretch out more fully and lie together. He ran his hands feather-light along Cas’s sides, again trying to avoid any of his bruises or cuts. “Maybe we’re both kind of broken, y’know? But it’s okay. You, you’re...you’re still...I don’t have the words for what you mean to me.”
spread through him, and with it he could feel his world, his viewpoint, blossoming like a magnificent flower.
Castiel closed his eyes and sank to the ground. Relief at knowing Dean was alive battled with agony over dragging him to Purgatory in the first place. Having to stay separated for Dean’s safety was no help to his state of mind, either.
“I’m sure he’s just busy with Kara. Or maybe he went over to the farmhouse to check on things there and forgot his phone?”
of Cas, connected to his angelic essence. An angel might leave his blade behind when killed, like the ones Sam and Dean now possessed, but Cas could tell by touch to whom it had once belonged. Who it, in a way, still
Before he could struggle with that question any longer, Cas answered it for him by going in for a kiss himself.
Dean understood, and he felt like the shittiest friend in the universe. He had rejected Cas’s help both out of his guilt and wanting Cas to conserve his own strength. Now he could see he was making Cas feel more depressed and in pain himself—which helped absolutely no one.
“Yeah, but come on, Sam. How many times have we dealt with something like this before? We confirm it’s a ghost and not some other freak of the week. Find the bones, salt ’em and burn ’em. Wait around long enough to make sure we got the right one and that there aren’t any other belongings or remnants tying it to Earth.” Dean shrugged. “Barely worth driving all the way to New York when we could send plenty of closer hunters.”
Only then did he exhale and relax. Cas understood his apprehension. Sleep was to be vulnerable here and vulnerability would get you killed.
And he’d wanted, more than anything else, to learn more about what his feelings were. “When you took me to work our first case together. And you were determined I was not to die a virgin.”
him. Yet fear had always stopped him. Fear that Cas would leave him again, fear that he’d be left alone.
He could feel it, whatever it was, trying to reach for him. The familiar voices on some other plane of existence, still chanting. He reached out in return, even as he felt other presences closing in on him. Was it the Empty? Or those he had called to, to awaken? Tendrils of light sparked ahead of him, breaking the dark nothingness and he rushed toward it.
Demons hurled fireballs and bombarded the attacking angels with every weapon of torture and violence they had. Flames singed Castiel’s wings, his vessel’s clothing long since burnt away by the heat and fires. Yet he kept moving forward, some of his garrison clearing the path ahead while others made certain none followed close behind.
“You’re asking the wrong person, because I have no idea.” Cas answered. “I...my memories are confused, but...one minute I was in the Empty, awake and waiting. Fighting to stay awake and stay a step ahead of the entity because...you’d told me to be ready.”
Here Dean’s soul could breathe out and expand to match the vastness of his angelic beloved. His hands could stretch to match the span of Cas’s majestic wings as they soared through solar flares and comet tails. Cas’s arms would stay clasped around his waist, holding him so tight they almost absorbed him. He could turn and see Cas’s face but also the face of a lion, a dragon, an eagle, creatures he could not even name. One would shift into the next but all possessed the same expression of love and joy in his eyes.
Dean headed back to his room with a six pack, pie, and some clean forks in tow. When he got there, he smiled at the sight that was awaiting him. Cas had neatly made Dean’s bed and was now stretched out on the right side of it— shoes off, staring at Dean’s laptop with intense concentration. He’d at least taken the suit jacket off too, folding it over the back of Dean’s desk chair.
caused. And that...that hurts me far worse than what you did to me. Having that...reminder of my weakness, my madness...right in front of my eyes. I hate seeing you in pain under normal circumstances. To see you in pain due to my own actions...” Cas stopped and turned away.
Cas’s words made Dean feel, well, all warm and fuzzy inside, as cheesy and chick-flicky as that might be. “Okay, but then...who’s the Sammy in that film? Falling Leaves?” Dean suggested, thinking of the Native American woman who had saved the two main heroes several times.
After a few minutes of quiet, Cas heard Benny snort and shuffle about, then take a seat on the ground not too far away from them.
But as Dean turned back toward Cas, he found the angel right in his space, leaning in close to then reach up and cup Dean’s cheek. He met Dean’s eyes and only paused for a brief second, seeking… something?... permission?... before pressing a kiss to Dean’s lips.
“Sometimes, but not always. And now I want to say it seeing your face filled with happiness and not dread as it was before.
Dean, still not quite understanding, grew concerned as Jack reached his hand out toward Cas’s forehead. Cas squeezed Dean’s hand and said, “Shield your eyes, Dean.”
Castiel had once thought of his father, God, as infallible. He knew that he’d been in error. God had allowed his children, both the angels and the humans, go astray. Now Castiel would have to fix what he’d left broken. He’d retake Heaven and Earth and then claim Dean Winchester as his prince to serve beside him.
“Please, don’t...don’t disappear.” Cas slid his hand down and reached to pull Dean into a shaky hug. Dean fell into it gladly, never wanting to let go.
“Well, there’s also the matter of my wings not working as they used to,” Cas answered. “Wasn’t sure if the playground portal was still open...for me, or any other angels.”
Dean turned to head back to the road, back home to the bunker where the others were waiting for him. He paused, hearing a rustling in the woods not far from where he stood. His right hand instinctively went for the gun he always carried.
“I tried to help him, you know. But he insisted on doing everything himself. I did clean up the mess that was this kitchen once he was done with it.”
him, all that existed between their two beings. Dean arched back and he gasped, his eyes closing as blue ripples of that grace began to dance over his skin and envelope them both.
They walked on through the dreary woodlands, keeping up their guard, until darkness blanketed the forest. “We should stop here, and rest,” Cas said. Though he could still see with perfect clarity in the dark—and he assumed the vampire could as well—he knew Dean’s vision was limited. There were plenty of nocturnal creatures that came out to hunt after nightfall.
It felt good to be this close. They hadn’t been in...well, a long time. What felt like a lifetime ago.
“Me and Sam and Claire, we’re gonna try something. At moon rise, tomorrow, ’cause it’s the new moon and Sam figures that’s the best time for doing something like this. For the angel resurrection spell.
Cas could see it, that much Dean knew, but he’d say nothing. He felt guilty, responsible for what this had become. He would give Dean whatever he wanted as soon as he asked, but that didn’t make things any easier. In a way, it made the situation worse. Dean was continually hungry; Cas was always willing to sate his appetite.
“Okay, that’s a relief. But I wish she had dad with her, for real. Though I don’t know if dad is still our dad at this point...must be, like...over a century for him in Hell by now.” Dean himself had been so close to turning demon, and that was after only four months. Their father had been dead for years.
“Dean—” he tried to protest again. But Dean only shook his head, put his hand over Cas’s mouth to stop him.
The bunker would not feel like a safehouse or a family home any longer. It would be where he cowered in fear, scared to face the world, lost to the mindless drone of daytime television. Or, even worse, a place where Dean looked at him with cold eyes and told him he couldn’t stay. He wasn’t welcome. There was nothing left for him there and how could he have ever thought he was part of their family?
Damn, even talking hurt, leaving a sharp ache in his chest as he breathed. He could have let Cas heal him with a touch when he’d offered last night...but that would have been the easy way out.
“Well, howdy, partner, lookit what we got here,” Dean drawled, finally taking the base of Cas’s cock in one hand and licking a swipe over the head. Watching Cas arch up and moan was almost too obscene for him to bear. “Look at me, Cas,” Dean insisted, not taking his eyes off of him while he licked at the cockhead again. “Need to see those gorgeous baby blues on me while I do this.”
“Save your pity for someone who wants it.” Dean angrily blinked back the moisture threatening to fall from his eyes. The last thing he was going to do was have his brother see him crying about a stupid fucking coat.
Cas closed his eyes slowly and when he reopened them, he said, “For the first time in a very long time I feel...whole again. But it’s more than that. It’s not about having my power and true form restored; it’s because I finally have a real, complete family. One that doesn’t demand obedience and worship. One that gives love as much as it needs love in return.”
As he belonged in turn to this magnificent creation. He cupped Dean’s cheeks in his hands and held him back, for a moment, wanting to be sure he had his full attention before lust became all consuming. “I am not Castiel—of God—with you, Dean. I am only Cas, the name you gave me. I am yours as you are mine.”
Maybe if he called back to it, he could find where it was coming from via some kind of echolocation.
“My…? Oh! Oh, yes.” Castiel had been nervous for any of the other angels to see the handprint that remained on Dean’s shoulder. He had not been able to remove the burn mark even as he had removed every other scar or wound the man had carried with him to death. He had no answer for why it would not go away...at least none he was willing to speculate on aloud.
“Yeah, well...even so, it was good fightin’ with you at our side earlier. Now, let Dean rest, or...have whatever else he might want from you. If you catch my drift.”
If anyone had ever told Castiel—angel of Thursday, feared warrior of Heaven—that he would one day find himself in Purgatory with a renegade vampire at his side and a human hunter at his knee, he no doubt would have smote them.
This time was no different. The sensation started at the top of his head and spread down to his chest, his fingers, his toes. It came and went quickly, but he still found himself drawing in a sharp breath of surprise—and then letting it out with a deep sigh of relief when it was done.
And if he was going to have another breakdown about it, or scream to the heavens—to Jack—about how fucking unfair everything was? Then he was going to do it somewhere by himself. Somewhere he could let his misery and anger explode without hurting the others.
Cas finally lifted his head again, anxiousness fading to a cautious smile. He slipped his arms down around Dean’s waist and when they kissed this time it was slow and gentle. Tender. Healing. Oh, it wasn’t as if Dean didn’t want more—his body burned for it—but he would take his time. He didn’t want to overwhelm Cas.
Dean wanted to get fucked by that cock, but he also wanted to make this all about Cas. About thanking him for healing him, cooking for him...for never giving up on him. He moved up over Cas’s body to first kiss the healing wound on his abdomen, feeling Cas’s stomach flutter under his lips. He kissed his way down and around, carefully avoiding his cock until Cas was whining and squirming, trying to angle himself into Dean’s mouth.
It was a surprising gesture, much as his earlier one had been, lying down over Cas’s leg. But Purgatory, the angel had noticed, had made Dean a lot freer about expressing himself.
Dean nodded. “Yeah, the last thing I want is to make you feel worse about all this. You and I both need some time to rest up and recuperate. I shouldn’t be making things harder on both of us ’cause I’m a pig-headed idiot.”
“Then let’s get going.” Dean slapped Cas on the back, then gave his shoulder an affectionate squeeze before heading off after Benny.
“Hmm.” Cas chewed on his bottom lip, looking down in the very little space between them. His wings—just beginning to fade out of Dean’s perception again—closed in against his back.
to get out of his jeans—immediately. He wanted Cas fully naked, too. He forced himself to pull away to finish undressing as Cas did the same. When they were done Cas took the initiative and pulled Dean down, rolled him over. His wings rose and stretched out from his back, reaching to the corners of his room and still not fully unfurled. Dean took in the sight of them with lustful appreciation. They were still ragged and bare in many places, and yet...
“Happily, yes. You taste like sunshine to me, Dean. The light bursting through the clouds after a passing storm.”
“Anyway…” Dean trailed off, sniffling and wiping his eyes, not even bothering to try to convince himself it was allergies. “I love you, Cas, and I need to say that to you face-to-face. But I hope saying it to you now will reach you, give you something...something to hold on to until tomorrow. Okay? Yeah, all right.”
“One sec.” Dean finished getting out of his own clothes, then slid back up until they could embrace body-to-body, skin-to-skin, at last. Desire was there—oh, there so strong and pulsing through them both, human and angel alike. But at this moment, Cas wanted this more than physical release.
more contact. He took the initiative to flip their positions, rolling Cas over so the angel was now against the ground. Dean admired his pretty, moistened and swollen lips for a moment as he sat up to unfasten and wiggle his jeans down his hips. Just enough so that when he went to kiss Cas again, he could feel himself pressing more against that body, the corresponding hardness in Cas’s pants.
It was great to reunite with so many friends and family lost to him through the years. He loved that he could get as buzzed as he wanted at the new Roadhouse with said friends and not suffer a killer hangover the morning after.
he thought, but only answered, “Yeah.” He found himself snuggling in and wishing this movie would go on for another few hours so he could stay like this for at least that long.
“Damn it.” Dean grabbed the dustpan and brush to sweep up the mess. This wasn’t good. He couldn’t afford to be this sloppy. Next time it might be something far worse than a plate that ended up shattered—especially if they had a hunt coming up. He finished straightening up the kitchen, turned off the lights, and headed to where he knew he needed to go next.
Over and over this would go on, Dean sensing Cas’s grace soothing every part of him that hands could not reach. He would trail his fingers into the feathers where Cas’s wings met his back, knowing this touch did something special to the angel. Indeed, Dean felt Cas’s sigh of delight as much as he heard it, the kaleidoscope of blue-eyed wheels around them contracting in closer.
Sam. Shit, he wondered if Sam had heard him screaming and moaning through these thin motel walls. The drive tomorrow could sure be interesting if that were the case.
Maybe if he stirred up his brothers and sisters, called to them to awaken and rise, they could join him. The ones he’d personally done wrong, especially. Maybe where one angel could go, others could follow.
“I could be mistaken, but I had the impression that Chon and Roy were more, um...suited for that kind of...Sam explained this narrative concept to me recently…‘sub-text’?”
His grip on the blade tight, Dean focused on the underside of Cas’s right forearm laid out for him like an offering. Dean pressed the tip there, and dragged it down with only as much pressure as he knew was necessary to break skin. He hated this part, because he knew it hurt. Cas tried to hold it in but a small noise escaped his lips, just as the blood and a tiny wisp of blue grace seeped from the wound.
With that settled, Dean grabbed and nuked a burrito for himself. He popped open a beer and grabbed a spare, and then headed to the room they’d turned into a kind of production lab here in the bunker. They could conjure up whatever IDs and paperwork they might need with their color copier, laminator and other handy office tools. He’d already made a couple things for Cas in the past—fake FBI badges and such that worked well enough if no one looked too close. But this time he needed to pull together a complete identity for him. That could take a little more work.
Dean had rarely disturbed Cas in those moments, figuring it was as close as the angel got to his own type of prayer and meditation. Sometimes Cas had caught him watching, though, and he’d turn to Dean with a small smile, inviting him to come sit and appreciate the beauty all around them.
like.” Dean finally had the damned shirt buttons all undone—concentrating was hard with Cas still teasing his ear and neck.  He pushed the shirt off over Cas’s shoulders and pulled back so he could take in the sight before his eyes.
Cas decided to save them both the trouble and time. As energized as he was now feeling, the mere suggestion was enough to manifest their clothes
Never. How could he? How could he want anything other than to strip Cas down and lavish him with all the love and pleasure he deserved? To lay entwined with him on this night and every other night to follow. “I don’t think I could if I wanted to.”
, any longer. Cast out by Heaven, cast out by the humans he’d fallen for in every way imaginable. Of course he belonged here.
They were enough to drive a man crazy, and Cas was one of the good ones. Or at least better ones. He glanced back at Sam still fast asleep in the back and smiled.
Sleep eluded Emmanuel, as it always did. Her never slept. He pretended, for her sake, because he knew it was something normal people did. Normal humans.
“Only thing I could think of. Be glad you hacked up that blood all over me.” Dean looked up to see Sam also rising to his feet, looking bewildered and dazed.
failed each other by not being open and honest about our intentions. Our...needs, motivations...worries and fears. I apologize for the mistakes I’ve made in that regard. Can we promise to do better? This is, what, our third? Fourth? Fifth chance to try?”
They sat in silence for some time, until Benny sighed, getting back up and stretching. “I ain’t too good at sittin' around, so I’ll take watch for a bit,” Benny said. “Walk about and make sure no one’s looking to get a jump on us.”
Now everything was chaos. Sammy was falling apart and Dean had no idea how to fix him. His Baby was a wreck, but at least he could fix
Kara Swinton had inherited her father’s old dairy farm in upstate New York after he’d passed away in a freak hay loader accident. She’d tried renting the land to tenant farmers multiple times but they kept running off, bailing on their leases one after the next.
Dean kicked a rock down the road in front of him and let his thoughts get carried along by the sounds around him. Hearing the birds chattering and calling to each other reminded Dean of how Cas had always enjoyed listening to them, head tilted and eyes squinting in concentration as he did, lips sometimes curling in the hint of a smile.
Dean moved back up to take Cas in his arms, kiss his lips again to silence any doubts or fears—Cas’s as well as his own. “This
“I, uh, have something you can wear tomorrow if you can’t mojo your clothes clean,” Dean said, trying to act unaffected.
After two hours’ work Dean felt he had enough to get Cas by so he wouldn’t end up lost and penniless on the streets—again.  Dean headed back to his room, entering without knocking in case Cas was asleep. Indeed, while he’d left the lights on, Cas was clearly out cold on Dean’s bed and even snoring a little bit. No doubt everything had caught up with him, and Dean was glad to see him resting.
Cas’s eyes darted about the room, and he didn’t seem to know what to do with his hands. He finally said, “Um...are you hungry, Dean? I made you something to eat.”
“Maybe you can. But maybe I’d like to help, huh? ’Sides, I know you’re not as juiced-up as you used to be. Especially not after getting sliced and diced like this.”
about Crowley, he wasn’t sure precisely what. But most importantly, he’d get his angel his wings back.
“I know, Cas, I know. But he was dying! He was absolutely gonna die back in the hospital because of what the trials did to him. I had
Cas had become a chronic target to his former allies. Some of the angels wanted him because they thought he could lead them to Metatron. Others wanted him solely in revenge for his part in bringing about the Fall, their broken wings. Still others despised him for the death he had caused in his own previous quest for power, the civil war against Raphael and then trying to become the new god.
Was it? Dean still had his doubts but he was too far gone to stop. He sat back and appreciated the wonderful vision before his eyes, his cock heavy and aching already from his arousal. He wished he’d taken off his jeans before getting started, but he hungered for the taste too much to hold off any longer.
“Not your fault. But we might have to go back to grounding you at the bunker if these assholes are determined to keep coming after you.”
Cas’s truck engine fell silent, and for a moment all Dean heard was the rustle of the wind through the trees which were starting to bud with renewed life. Birds chattered and called overhead but Dean and Cas seemed to be the only people around for miles.
“Cas, I know you sacrificed yourself to save me and made that deal in the first place for Jack and I’m tryin’ to honor that, I am. But...it’s
“Look, we hung around to make sure no one with a grudge sent him straight back,” Balthazar said. “Plus I figured his boyfriend would come along soon enough...and I wasn’t wrong, was I?”
Dean still couldn’t decide if he wished Cas would ditch the tired outfit already, or if its sameness was a reassurance he needed. A reminder, he supposed, that Cas was here, he was alive, and he was exactly as he’d always been.
Dean stayed close at hand through it all and Cas was beyond grateful for that. He made Cas feel grounded, whether it was through a look and a smile, or a gentle hand on his shoulder. A soft caresses to his back as he walked by to grab another beer from the fridge. Dean acted as though it pained him to let go of the touch and it honestly
the one dreaming, or did I just hump an angel to orgasm out in the middle of an empty field?” he wondered aloud, feeling giddy
Dean raised an eyebrow; Cas let it pass. Dean sighed and only muttered “Whatever,” dropping his head to Cas’s shoulder.
Cas moaned against Dean’s lips, nearly overwhelmed already. The wind kicked up around them, currents driven by the heat vortex they created. This was dangerous in so, so many ways. At this rate, if he didn’t rein himself in, Cas feared losing control in a manner that could turn destructive. Cas broke the kiss with much regret, looking into Dean’s ravenous, pleading gaze.
“I’ll get on that now,” Sam said with a resigned sigh. “I know you’re getting sick of my healthy cooking, but one more night of a cleansing diet so we’re all at our best in the morning, okay? Then tomorrow we can celebrate with all the burgers and fries or greasy pizza you guys want.”
Cas fell over Dean again, capturing his mouth for kisses deeper and more passionate than before. Dean let every one of his five senses become filled by Cas—the weight of his physical
Dean let out a careful sigh as the sharp pain subsided into more of a dull ache. His face seemed to be bearing the worst of it, but his back wasn’t doing so well, either. Being tossed around by the magically hopped-up Cas, first into a bunch of wooden crates and then a chain-link fence, had definitely done a number on him. He wasn’t getting any younger, and these kinds of brawls were starting to leave more lingering effects on him.
He blinked, vision hazy for a long moment. Then he gasped for the breath that he had forgotten was necessary. He tried to focus on the soothing gaze of Cas looking down at him with concern. The whole room remained aglow with calming blue light, shimmering and sparkling like a giant bag of glitter had exploded overhead.
A silent exchange passed between the two, leaving Dean confused. “I…” Cas started, looking back and forth from Jack to Dean.
“Not forever,” Cas said, his thumb still caressing the back of Dean’s scalp while his other hand reached up for Dean’s cheek. He gazed at Dean with such appreciation Dean felt like he would shatter. “But it made me realize it wasn’t worth it with anyone I didn’t know and trust completely. Someone I didn’t have...an intense connection with already.”
He pressed onward through the dark pits and corridors full of chained, despairing souls. Many cowered in fear at the sight of the angels, majestic with their wings unfurled in displays of dominance and might. Others reached out to them, begging for their own release from eternal misery and suffering. Castiel took little notice. He remained focused on wielding his blade, striking down and smiting any demons who dared cross his path.
The corridors of the bunker were silent, save for Dean’s footsteps and the ever-present background hum of the machinery which kept this place running. He felt sober now, despite all he’d drunk earlier. Resolving to take action had cleared his mind faster than coffee and a cold shower ever could. He passed Sam’s room, then came upon the guest quarters which had become Cas’s by default in his recent extended stay. Dean found his door cracked open and the lights on inside.
He nodded, closing his eyes. “These things I’m feeling. My emotions are so much stronger as a human. What I felt while we were kissing...”
Dark thoughts plagued his mind, too, which he knew wouldn’t stop even if he pulled over to the shoulder to take a power nap. Running out of other ideas, Dean called out in a soft voice he hoped wouldn’t wake Sam, “Um, Cas? If you’re not busy, I could use some company.”
. He could describe the electromagnetic waves that created the friction felt by Dean’s touch, but it was the way his soul brushed against Cas’s grace that left him shivering.
“Please don’t kill me for asking one last time, Dean. But you’re sure you want to go ahead with this.”
.” Dean could think of nor say nothing but his name as the pleasure overwhelmed him. Fire curled in his belly and the heat of his semen pulsed out all over Cas’s hand. Cas hummed and kissed Dean’s neck, gentle kisses now as Dean drifted back down from his orgasmic high.
“I’d love to.” Cas kissed him, light and tender, and Dean could taste himself on the angel’s lips. That was hot. If he wasn’t so spent it might be enough to get him going again. But he could barely think coherently, let alone consider trying for another round.
“How come we had to do the dirty work of digging up this grave while Cas got to stay with the nice lady, sipping tea?” Dean complained, wiping his face with his forearm to keep the sweat out of his eyes.
“No, unfortunately not. I have been searching everywhere, across all continents. Spoken to holy men and seers, psychics and visionaries. Interviewed those claiming to have witnessed miracles which could have only been the work of a God-level being. Yet so far, nothing.”
But no, Cas was acting way too serious about this to be joking. Anxious, as well, sitting there perched on the bed like a worried mamma bird. Meanwhile, Dean was still trying to wrap his head around the idea that Cas had cooked for him.
“So you wouldn’t be able to, say, look at someone, even someone you knew pretty well, and know if they had one or not? Or who that soulmate might be?”
Dean’s stubble was rough under his fingertips as he knew his own cheek was to Dean’s touch. Their clothes, wet and mud-soaked, were heavy with muck and blood and sweat. But the touch of Dean’s lips seemed enough to wash away all the grime and misery of this place, replacing it with a unique joy and delight, one full of anticipation, appetite. Cas’s senses might operate on a higher level than humans’, but he could appreciate the softness of those lips, could memorize the unique flavor of Dean’s mouth on a molecular level, the feel and the temperature of his tongue as it darted forth to touch his own. He could taste Dean’s longing, hear his quickened heartbeat, feel his tensed muscles. There was a hunger inside Dean focused on Cas, calling out to him like some kind of unholy prayer, a sacrilegious adoration to a corrupted, fallen angel.
He opened his eyes, then, afraid of what he might or might not see. He exhaled in relief to find that Nanael was gone but Cas was still there. He was slumped forward to the ground, the restraining bar snapped in two by the force of the banishing. The handcuffs were gone, too, seemingly dispelled just like the angel who’d used them.
he’d felt something, a stirring within his body and his blood when they had begun the ritual. Thought for certain it was working, something was happening, but then...zero. No sounds, no portals, no rifts, nothing had appeared before them.
Cas in fact encouraged him by gently stroking Dean’s back with his fingertips, then moving to caress the shoulder where he had left his mark. Dean shuddered at that, a full body tremor, and it made Cas feel possessive, proud, in a peculiar way.
But once he’d realized what they’d overlooked, he’d wasted no more time in rushing to his brother with his idea.
“Nothing that can’t wait until another time.” Cas put the book aside on his nightstand and looked at Dean—who knew his desperation, his hunger, would be plain as daylight to the angel. Indeed, Cas’s expression softened and he made a small gesture, beckoning Dean to come join him.
home. With Cas no longer doubting that this was real and not another dream born from the Empty torturing him with regrets and failings.
Cas tilted his head under Dean’s scrutiny. How could he look so human and vulnerable while at the same time so powerful and...alien?
movements became more urgent and swift, his control crumbling under angelic might and forbidden lust. His ocean eyes glowed with inhuman light and Cas’s entire body seemed to turn translucent with golden fire. Dean’s ears rang with what first was chaotic static but then returned to the beautiful ringing of those bells.
About fifteen minutes later they left behind country backroads and got on I-84 West. Kara sounded relieved when Dean said her ghost problem should be a thing of the past, but he didn’t elaborate. He told her to contact Garth again in case she had any further trouble.
Cas started undoing the rest of the buttons of his shirt while Dean watched with barely controlled lust. He loved Cas’s body. Loved the way his forearms and shoulders flexed as he moved. How toned he was, but not chiseled to the point of excessive hardness. No, there was delectable softness to him still, a perfect balance between warrior and lover.
As it was, his erection was returning in full force after fading a bit, as focused he had been on Cas’s pleasure.
“We could, but this woman asked Garth specifically for us. Said dad helped out another family member of hers years ago. She trusts us.”
Cas couldn’t be certain, but from Dean’s expression, he seemed to be flashing back to that moment as well. “This is mine, isn’t it?”
Castiel bowed his head in acknowledgement of the compliment. “It is important to honor our father’s favorites, even if only He can first create them with such perfection.”
“Well, can’t say I’ll be shedding too many tears over that one.” Bobby wandered into the living room as Dean shut off the television set, beer already in hand despite it being only ten a.m.
, from every stitch of grace Cas had ever poured into him while healing, mending, rebuilding his body. Normally dormant, little more than the memory of touches left behind, Cas gathered it all together now to sing for Dean, to fill his body with vibrations of rapturous ecstasy.
It was quiet, this land surrounding the bunker. Old woods and brush in the immediate vicinity gave way to fields and farmland—some still cultivated, others abandoned. All of it was welcoming and warm in the summertime, green and full of life both wild and planted.
“Alright, but you gotta admit, those were some pretty shit years,” Dean said, which managed to get a laugh out of Cas.
Cas nodded in understanding but clasped Dean’s hand. “I would love to help, Jack, but...I assume you would need me close by. And right now my place is here, with Dean.”
Dean let his hand drop away, and Cas found himself missing that touch intensely—as much as he’d been afraid of it for so long. “Why did you lie to me? Why wouldn’t you tell me? Why would you hide it from me for all this time?”
Cas bit his lip. It was hard to stay awake, but he’d heard Dean say it was important, to not sleep again until he next called upon him.
He sighed, looking down at this lone artifact marking the angel’s presence in his life. Well, that and the handprint burned onto his shoulder. He knew he was taking a little too long with this simple task. He tucked the coat away behind their stash of axes, blades and iron chains and closed the trunk. Glancing up, he saw Sam looking at him in a way he hated to have anyone look at him.
Cas nodded. “This is a turbulent time, to be certain. I have the impression the angels may be forming factions to either gain a foothold here on Earth or fight their way back to Heaven against Metatron. But Dean, I have my warding tattoo…”
, still that dorky little guy in a trench coat with sex hair and cracked lips and perpetual five o’clock shadow and the object of Dean’s every desire.
“Yeah, well...I remember walking in on that operation you had set up and seeing ‘Commander Cas’ in action and being like,
” He paused, letting them both take in the moment. “To say it knowing you feel the same...I thought I knew happiness before but it was nothing like this.”
“Because they’re a bunch of weak-ass pussies who can’t think for themselves like you do. You did what you needed to do, to survive. Ain’t no shame in that. You’ve told me that enough times, when I couldn’t deal with the guilt of what I’d done in Hell. Or when I had the Mark.”
Dean wasn’t sure how much time had passed. All he knew was that it was too much to not have seen or received any response. He was
Dean didn’t want to linger on something that was depressing to the angel, so it was time to change the subject. There
Dean gently pushed Cas onto the bed, the pillows, kissing him the entire way down. Only then did he pull away to sit up and gaze upon him, his beautiful, wounded angel. Dean’s chest ached as he did so, but not as it had before. This was a good kind of ache, even as it frightened him. Because he knew Cas was right. “Then tell me how I can heal you now.”
He’d hunkered down that afternoon in the kitchen, determined to make a hearty dinner for himself and Sam. Meatballs and sausages in his secret recipe, homemade gravy. Good stuff. Sam always raved about it as one of Dean’s only feast-of-meat meals he could stomach (he mostly stuck with the sauce). Cas had even taken a small plate for himself and declared it a “non-offensive combination of molecules,” which was pretty much the highest praise he ever gave to food.
As he startled to alertness, confusion immediately clouded his brain again. What the hell had happened to him? Why did he hurt so bad?
“Me too, Cas.” He knew things weren’t perfect. There was so much ahead of them. So many battles remaining to fight. On top of that, he had to worry about keeping Cas safe until they could find whatever was left of his grace and restore it.
“I don’t understand,” Dean said, shaking his head. The after-images, these strange effects? They were lingering longer this time, though already starting to dim again.
.” Dean dropped his head into the crook of Cas’s neck, sighing and seeming to struggle with what he wanted to say. “It’s not that I don’t like men...male vessels. Whatever. I just never...I was scared. About what that meant, how others—my dad, for one...so I...guess I’m trying to say this is new and kind of scary for me. Never mind the fact that you’re a freakin’ bazillion year old bad ass motherfucking
it. But I still...something in me tells me he’s out there somewhere. And when he comes back to us, he’s gonna need that coat.”
He smirked at Cas and said, keeping his voice low, “Guess Dean found his happy place after all. Much as anyone can ’round here.”
He was going to ask if he could kiss him again, not sure how Cas would feel about it, but Cas saved him the trouble by reaching up to pull Dean’s lips to his own. Indeed, his tongue seemed greedy to savor Dean’s mouth, the taste of himself there, and he hummed a little as he pulled back. “Wanted to know what I tasted like on your lips.”
Dean tried not to think about Cas being close to naked as he sat on the edge of the bathtub to get a good look at his injuries.
He worked on undoing Cas’s belt, unzipping his pants. He smirked as Cas gasped and bucked up as his fingers grazed over his trapped dick.
“Yeah, well...I’d rather you turn into a chronic couch potato than have this keep happening.” Dean worried he was pushing Cas too much. Maybe pushing them all too hard. They’d been through so much trauma non-stop, barely able to catch their breaths before another threat to the world—the entire universe—was upon them.
But then Dean’s senses returned to normal almost as fast as the strangeness had hit him. Dean blinked again, looked at Cas, and had a feeling he shouldn’t repeat what he’d just done.
Dean went to straighten the bedsheets, looking uncomfortable. “It’s bad, I know. I haven’t even been in here the past few days except to grab clean clothes. Sam had us all doing purification diets and rituals to get ready for the spell this morning. I shoulda cleaned up in here as part of it, but...I couldn’t face it.” Sheepishly, Dean looked up and added, “I slept in your room the last few nights. Wasn’t the first time since you’ve been gone.”
So he picked up his spoon and swirled it around, starting with a small taste to make sure it wasn’t too hot. He blew on the spoon and then sipped it carefully, getting some of the pasta along with the broth.
He pulled back to look at his angel, revelling in the change in his perception. Cas wasn’t just surrounded by light, he
Dean felt more alive right now than he could remember. He needed to come and he wanted to make Cas come, too. He let his lips wander to Cas’s right ear, licking at the lobe then nibbling it with his teeth, which made Cas cry out and thrust up against him.
It might not have been how he’d imagined it, but it was still more than he’d ever envisioned it could be.
“Then maybe I should get over myself and do this more often.” Dean knew Cas wouldn’t object. With the Darkness out there, they all had to be at their strongest, their sharpest. They needed Cas strong, and Dean needed his own senses on high alert. If he thought about it, he realized the strange pull and connection he felt toward the Darkness seemed to wane when he was with Cas, too.
Dean whimpered, desperate as a second finger soon followed the first. He pulled his legs up and those fingers curled inside him, found his sweet spot, made his whimpers turn to moans. Fuck, he hoped Sam was deep asleep down the hall. He didn’t want his brother to hear the noises he was making.
“His name has no place in this,” Cas snarled, lifting his head to kiss and bite Dean’s exposed neck.  Dean whimpered in submission.
Jack nodded and smiled. “I couldn’t get you out of the Empty on my own. But I could at least heal and restore your grace as it was meant to be. And, seriously, I can’t have Gabriel as the only archangel around.”
Dean walked to the boulder, sitting where Cas used to sit. He drew in his breath, several times, trying to relax and unclench his hands that were balled into fists at his sides.
It took fourteen-point-three seconds, to be precise. The moment before it would hit Cas bit down on Dean’s collarbone, not hard enough to break skin but enough to leave a mark. Dean cried out and the light on the nightstand flickered again, but Cas clamped down on his own reaction enough to not overwhelm the bunker’s aging circuitry. He felt Dean’s warmth spilling into his hand, mixing with his own, and caressed them both until he felt Dean go completely slack against him, satisfied and exhausted.
“Yes, sorry.” Cas finally stopped babbling and removed the cover from the ginormous soup bowl. He then took a seat on the end of the bed, waiting and watching Dean with clear anticipation.
“Nothing, just...you really are incredible, you know that?” Dean bent down to untie his boots, taking them off without ever dropping his gaze from Cas. He undressed until he was naked, Cas fixated on him the entire time. Hell, it felt like there were a thousand eyes on him as he stripped, looking at him from every angle, devouring him with their gaze. Maybe there were. He’d seen the illustrations in ancient texts of what angels supposedly looked like in their true forms. They were all wings and eyes and spinning wheels of fire. He might only be getting a partial glimpse of Cas thanks to his blood, but what he could see was glorious.
The small snag was Anton not being the angry spirit scaring Kara’s renters away. It ended up being Anton’s grandfather, Henry. And finding where Henry had been buried, at a long-forgotten family burial plot deep in the woods at the edge of the farm, had taken them a shit-ton of work.
He’d saved Dean from this same fate, for Billie had sworn to send Dean to the Empty as well, not Heaven. And Dean deserved Heaven when he died, which would hopefully not be for a very long time.
Dean’s sadness had reached Cas in his prayers, but it was different seeing it now with his eyes. It was far more intense, and painful, feeling the weight of that sorrow now that he was here in Dean’s presence. Cas’s heart ached anew. “I am so sorry.”
“I’m counting on it.” They shared another kiss, but then Cas paused, looking thoughtful. “I’d like to test a theory.”
Cas and when Dean touched him he didn’t respond. He was completely limp as Dean rolled him over, shaking his shoulders, trying with desperation to wake him up.
He lifted the arm that was otherwise pinned between them to wrap around Dean’s shoulder, allowing him to move in even closer. Dean obliged without hesitation. Cas could feel Dean’s breath on his neck, the touch of skin against skin and it felt…
hear it. Not now, Sam. Not now.” He needed to break something, punch someone. And if his brother wasn’t careful that someone would end up being
Claire and Kaia were their own kind of legacies. They were the closest to a direct lineage of the Winchester Men of Letters out there until or unless Sam and Eileen had children. They were old enough and ready to live on their own, start building a life.
“Some recipes said to add rice to the soup, others suggested pasta. Then there were recipes that explained how to make dumplings for the soup. That looked difficult, so I stuck with pasta. They had little star-shaped pasta called
Cas lifted his eyes to meet Dean’s gaze, but Dean saw there was still uncertainty there. Guilt, too...something Dean knew all too well himself. He tried to think of what could snap Cas out of his gloom-and-doom state, build him up again after he’d been so beaten down these past months.
Dean buried his head into Cas’s neck, not sure exactly what he was feeling at that moment except that it was something between relief and extreme embarrassment. But Cas chased his worries away by continuing, “If not for your prayers, your voice...I believe I would have been lost to the dreaming forever. The Empty, it...tried its best to keep me under this time. It did not want to let go, it kept threatening to drown me in ever worsening regrets.
Dean took it, his hand trembling slightly as he wrapped his fingers around the smooth handle. The blade was light as a feather yet also deadly sharp. Cas put so much trust in him, handing him this weapon. It was one of the few that could cause real harm to his vessel, or draw out his grace entirely if applied to the right spot. The one thing that could easily kill him if brandished with such intent—and with which Dean had, on one terrible day, almost done precisely that.
But Dean hadn’t been himself at the time, as Cas frequently reassured him. He gave the blade to Dean without hesitation and in that gesture willed himself extremely vulnerable. It was an ultimate gesture of trust and sometimes Dean wondered how on Earth he’d ever earned it.
Dean forever. He would await discovery by the human, resting and trying to conserve his grace until then. He would help Dean escape Purgatory but not follow. Maybe once he knew Dean was safe he would let his enemies consume him as they wished, as would be his rightful punishment.
“Keep researching the current mess we seem to have unleashed upon the world and put together my own dinner, do some meal prep for later this week. Cas brought back enough groceries on his shopping run today to feed an army. Good thing we still have Charlie’s super-powered credit cards.”
There was still a hole in their lives—a large, Jack-shaped hole, one which Dean knew Cas felt with special keenness. But Jack finally made a re-appearance about six weeks after Cas’s return. They’d been curled up together watching—and snarking—about the latest episode of “Dr. Sexy” (“
, there were the vegetables. Which vegetables to include? Carrots seemed popular and in almost every recipe, so I definitely wanted to add carrots. But what about celery? Or no celery?”
Cas knew how Dean was feeling because somehow, despite how deep he’d been sealed away in this place, he could still hear Dean’s prayers. They woke him when he slipped into dreams and fell too deep into his sorrows. They gave him something to listen for, to expect, when he struggled to stay awake, when his mantra failed to provide necessary focus.
“It’s more than that. I feel...it’s wild.” Kind of like how Dean had felt after that vampire infected him once, but without the accompanying dark urges. Beyond, well, the urges to do certain things to Cas. “Some kind of crazy high and it sharpens
“If you say so. I must admit, your signature upon this one’s body is an...interesting artistic choice.”
else. I never have and I never will. I know this isn’t...there’s so much more to say, so much I should have said through the years and I don’t know why I didn’t, why I
“That was before he brought on civil war in Heaven and tried to become God. He...Cas may not have the ally or allies there any longer to bring him back again.”
“Great, more tofu and broccoli this evening,” Dean grumbled. “At this rate my farts are gonna take down this bunker.”
Dean groaned, weary and unable to move. He didn’t care if his head was at the foot of the bed, his feet on Cas’s pillow. Cas crawled around to lay beside him, then collapsed as if the sex had rendered him near boneless, too.
It felt wrong for her to touch him there. As wrong as this entire situation often seemed to him, despite her kindness. Despite her beliefs that it had been fate, divine guidance, which had led him into her life.
Dean worked fast, before Nanael could turn his attention back to him. He swiped his fingers wet with Cas’s coughed-up blood against the cinderblock wall behind him. He prayed there was enough blood on them to make a working sigil. He also hoped that using Cas’s own blood combined with his own would keep
One fewer angel left in the world and in Heaven, now that Cas was gone. And not even Jack had been willing to help bring him back, at least not through direct action.
Dean felt his cheeks flush with color. Cas was looking at him with an expression that was somehow both perfectly innocent and a bit too knowing. He reached out to press two fingers in a brief touch to Dean’s forehead.
The sound of it seemed to drive off the entity for the moment, leaving it screeching in pain. Cas hoped it would awaken others. He called to them, some by name, those whom he felt the deepest regret for their loss at his own hand or otherwise.
Dean Winchester was his downfall, but also his salvation. Oddly, for the first time since he had realized the mistake he’d made in absorbing the souls of Purgatory, Cas felt...some glimmer of hope. Some sense that he could be redeemed, that he was worthy. If this man—the righteous man—could look at him the way Dean had, could wish to share this communion of body and spirit, mundane and divine? Then perhaps he could rise up on his wings once again, with pride instead of shame.
Dean wanted Cas and loved Cas, either way. But it was really fucking awesome to have a bad-ass angel for his lover. Definitely something that got him bragging rights at the Roadhouse on almost any given night. Or not-night. Whatever it was. Again, time was weird. He’d been here forever and yet it often felt like this was the very first day of his afterlife.
The film started off kind of cheesy, but there were some decent laughs, and after a while Dean became increasingly invested in the story. Cas seemed to be enjoying it, too, in his quiet and studious way. By the time they got to the barroom brawl scene, Dean was definitely enjoying himself, too. He glanced over, happy to see Cas smiling with his eyes bright at the silliness of it all. Brighter than they’d been in too long.
“Nothing.” Dean gave him one last, gentle kiss, feeling Cas’s smile even if he couldn’t see it in the dark. “I’ll tell you tomorrow.”
Cas smiled in the darkness. “I’ll watch over you.” It had long been one of his favorite things to do.
Dean. That was Dean’s voice, chanting his name, and an incantation. It was growing louder, but Cas could still not pinpoint from where it came. Another voice was joining in now, softer but Cas recognized it as well and smiled. He smiled and he felt stronger than he had in a very, very long time.
Cas closed his eyes and placed his hand upon the ground. A golden glow spread from his fingertips into the dirt, creeping slowly outward like roots from an ancient tree.
Dean’s heart soared and he held onto Cas even tighter. But before he could even think to reply, sleep pulled him under, his body surrendering to much needed rest.
“Hey, Cas? I hope you can hear me. I know I always say that, but...this time, it’s extra important. So please be listening to me.”
He did the dishes, cursing his shaky hands when his alcohol-loosened grip sent a plate crashing to the ground.
The angel’s sudden appearance startled Dean as it always did, and was enough to wake him up a bit. “Hey. Thanks for popping in.”
Again Dean felt it as much as he heard it, vibrating through his bones, lighting his own blood on fire. Cas’s grace, his energy, whatever it was, seemed to wrap all around Dean as his arms did. Dean pulled back to see Cas’s blue eyes glowing and his wings rising up. Even in their injured state, Dean found them to be beautiful. Dean dared to see if he could touch them and…
Benny shrugged. “Might’ve been at first. But me ’n Dean, we’ve come to a...mutual understanding. You gotta have allies in this place to survive, and he’s as good as they come. I have a feeling you’d agree with that observation.”
She’d of course been more than amenable—insisting on not merely giving Dean some of her blood in advance but being there for the ritual itself. And now the dungeon was ready. Purified, sanctified, blessed. They’d employed every possible method they could find to welcome angels and ward off demons (for they didn’t want to end up summoning the wrong thing—or things—while they were at it. That’s why they’d use the most secure space they had access to, just in case, besides the fact that it was the place from which Cas had been taken.) Dean, Sam and Claire had gone through their own purification regimens for the past week, cleansing their bodies, clearing their minds, writing down and concentrating on the goal of their spell-work to come.
The fire in Dean’s groin was growing out of bounds already, from their kisses and feeling the weight of Cas pressing down on him. Their bodies grinding together, the electric touch of Cas’s hands on his face, in his hair... It coursed through Dean’s blood, making him heady with such desperate arousal he was whimpering.
Dean had recited the incantation more times than he could count. Claire had too, for good measure. Sam reassured them they were saying it all properly, had added his voice in unison as well. Dean and Claire sat in the circle made of salt, surrounded by runes drawn in ash, focusing all their thoughts and words on Cas.
“I think I do, and it’s alright.” Cas kissed him, tenderly, stroking his hair with a lazy touch. “We both have things to learn and we will no doubt stumble along the way. If I do something that makes you uncomfortable, tell me.”
Holding. Closeness. The beauty of quiet stillness, except for the sound Dean’s heart beating and his breathing.
time—in the Empty. But he supposed it was because they had succumbed to the dreaming until he had awoken them. They hadn’t had a Dean praying to them, keeping them caught between worlds with nothing to cling to but a voice from another realm.
Dean, panting like an animal, dropped his unfocused gaze upon Cas. That grace, when reactivated, had wiped away the filth of purgatory and he looked as perfect and pristine as the moment Cas had first resurrected him. He collapsed down on top of Cas, who stroked his back and asked, “Are you all right, Dean?”
faster. And he needed to get naked as fast as possible, before he lost his nerve, before Cas thought better of this, before he woke up from this wonderful dream to find himself alone again. As always. Dean broke their kiss only long enough to yank his shirt off over his head and shimmy out of his shorts. He was already half hard, and having Cas’s eyes devouring his nude body nearly brought him to full mast without further touch.
“No, they’ve mostly been a lot of help, once I got everyone up to speed on my plans. Though of all the angels I wish I had on hand to help me in Heaven...to help me make it the kind of place it should be...I wish I had the help of someone who really understands humanity the way that you do.”
“If we hit the road now, we should be in San Antonio by nightfall.” Dean brushed past his brother to get to the driver’s side door. Sam stopped him with a firm hand on his arm. Dean tried to brush him off but Sam only tightened his grip.
“Yeah.” Dean grabbed their first aid kit—not that he knew what in it could help with angel wounds—and his overnight bag out of the trunk. Cas was trying to get out of the car on his own and had to lean on the door after standing up, losing his balance.
It’d be a show alright if Cas couldn’t contain himself. Already he sensed the air growing more charged, the whisper of the wind picking up into a stormy breeze. Dean’s hands were in his hair now, holding him in place for more kisses, hungry. Probing. Desperate. He sucked on Cas’s bottom lip, grazed it with teeth and Cas let him do whatever he wished. Despite his worries for their safety, he was curious. He was learning.
Well, that was a different but also dangerous emotion. He dared not even think the word for it, in any of the thousands of languages he spoke.
“Oh, some voice from the great beyond told you that, did it? How are you even sure you haven’t dreamt that, too? You know, the more you stay awake, the more the void will eat at you, play tricks with your mind. Even your precious Dean and Sam couldn’t take six weeks in solitary confinement compared to decades in Hell before begging for death to come to them! How long can you hold on without seeking escape into the dreaming again? Or before the madness of the dark consumes you?”
Shit, so much for the distraction of a silly movie. Dean almost wanted to pause the video and tell Cas all this. Wanted to say he was sorry. Wanted to say how he wished he hadn’t shut him out, hadn’t ever blamed him, hadn’t…
before you woke up. Think they were pretty eager to high-tail it back up to Heaven, but you know us two…” Gabriel looked to Balthazar, “we like it down here better.” Balthazar nodded. “Think we’ll stick around.”
And Cas made love to him here in Heaven, either way. They’d lay tangled and spent in the sheets of Dean’s bed, in the house that was finally his to call home. Or Cas would carry him into the astral plane where his soul entwined with Cas’s grace and they’d soar together among the stars.
“Cas...please. Want you to touch me inside. Want you to fuck me,” Dean begged, sitting up and then shifting down so he could caress Cas’s erection. Cas closed his eyes, briefly lost to the gratification granted by Dean’s hand. But he refused to keep his eyes closed with the sight of naked Dean on top of him, straddling him like a warrior prepared to ride into battle.
but each other in this place. I’ve been living on pure survival for months.  Could die at any second and I told myself, if I found you, I wasn’t going into the ground again without doing this. Even just once.” Dean slipped his hand around to the back of Cas’s neck and kissed him again, harder, determined not to let go or be denied. His tongue pushed so far into Cas’s mouth it was as if he were trying to reach and touch his grace, where it lay nestled in his throat.
“I’m sorry, Dean. I left for your own good, you have to believe me. The leviathans, they never stop hunting me. Their rage and thirst for revenge is...indescribable.” Silence answered Cas, nothing but the sound of this haunted, cursed forest, Dean’s heart beating so close against his chest. “And you did find Benny.”
Cas kissed him again and Dean moaned into it, rolling up to press himself against Cas’s body. There was too much clothes in Dean’s way, between his thick jeans and Cas’s ridiculous layers, yet it somehow already felt so intimate. More contact and he might combust.
Dean should have stopped a while back when Sam suggested they find a motel for the night. But he’d been in his groove at the time, the adrenaline making him feel like he could power on and keep driving forever. The early morning hours had crept over him since and Sam was snoring away and stretched out over the backseat. Not even his favorite tunes on the cassette deck could hold Dean awake enough to be a safe driver. His eyelids had grown heavy and keeping his head upright had become a major struggle.
Not much in their arsenal would help them in that case, beyond a pair of spare angel blades they’d acquired thanks to Cas. They each took one of those. They had holy oil, too, if by any miracle they had the time to pour out a binding circle.
“Good.” Dean yawned, stretched, then curled onto his right side. “’Cause Benny says I stink too much of human to let me rest like this for long. Makes it hard to keep him on his blood-free diet.”
But there was that handprint. Emmanuel knew, somehow, that it belonged to him. They must have met before, in this life that he could not remember except in fragments. His life before Daphne had rescued him, cold and wet and naked along the riverbank.
Cas shuddered under his touch and that kiss, placing his hands flat against Dean’s chest as if to stop him. But as Dean pulled away slightly, he licked his lips and tasted the angel’s blood on them.
“It also replenishes. Feeling and satisfying your passion...an angel thrives on the prayers of the devoted.”
“Oh, please.” Dean drew in a hissing breath and then moaned, such a beautiful sound of need and longing. Cas kept his hand busy as he pulled Dean closer again for another kiss. He could feel the heat rising between them, sweat starting to bead on Dean’s skin...maybe even a little on his own, too.
“Oh hell yeah.” Dean lifted his head, grinning lopsidedly as if he were drunk. “I had a feeling getting fucked by you would be something else, but I never thought it would be
Such a small thing. Such a tiny, human gesture of affection. And yet it made Cas want to sing out to his angelic brothers and sisters, loud enough to shake the Heavens with his discovery.
Then she turned, taking off across the field with her two little ones close behind. Dean watched them run, until they disappeared into the woods at the other edge of the field.
“We’re gonna chill out and watch some Netflix. You want to join in? We could move to your room, watch on the tv instead of my laptop.”
“Hey, I got to give an angel a blow job. Not much you need to thank me for with that to scratch off my bucket list.”
More relief poured into him. That was Cas’s voice, and he at least recognized Dean. He nodded, sniffling. “That’s right, it’s me. It’s you, it’s me.” He wanted to wrap Cas up in his arms and never let him go. Not ever again. But Cas still looked so dazed and lost, Dean held himself back with all the restraint he could manage, trying to satisfy himself by taking and squeezing Cas’s hand. “Do you...do you know where you are?”
‘Well, he coulda killed us all with nothin’ but the snap of his fingers back in that lab and he let us go.”
“When my grace is low, my senses are closer to a human’s. But even when not, I can feel your energy, your soul...in everything you do.” Cas’s fingers trailed down Dean’s body, and Dean could swear he felt that grace rippling out from them. “It’s about far more than this physical realm.”
Dean swallowed. He was struggling to absorb it all. Cas had tried to explain to him once, how vital prayers were to angels, how special it was to be prayed to directly. That his prayers could have brought Cas back from death...it was more than he could quite comprehend.
“Of course. Dean, you know I always appreciate our talks, our time together.” Somehow those words left Dean looking even more pained, much to Cas’s confusion.
Dean placed his hand on Cas’s arm and Cas drew in a shaky breath. They exchanged glances and Cas relaxed again, offering a small smile in thanks. Looking up and across the room, he saw Sam watching them both, his own face speaking of his happiness for them.
And if not, perhaps they could at least provide some much needed distraction in this critical moment.
…” The end of his full name came out half a sigh as Cas’s fingers brushed over pink nipples that went hard beneath his touch. Dean dipped down for another kiss as Cas slid his arms up Dean’s back, his shoulders...everywhere and anywhere he could reach.
love me,” Cas spat out, even as he wished he’d bitten his tongue. He’d heard Dean say it in his prayers. If there was anything that kept him awake, it was waiting, hoping, praying that he’d hear him say those words again.
He thought of mentioning they could go to the police, but she always gave him reasons why that might not be a good idea. And if his past was so dark, so full of nightmarish creatures and tragedies, maybe she was right.
That’s what he’d intended to do to Dean...but he supposed he wouldn’t protest letting things start out otherwise. He allowed Dean to guide him back onto the mattress and work on undoing his belt. Dean covered his stomach with tender kisses while he worked to finish undressing him, every touch of Dean’s lips, his hands, his fingertips sending sparks through Cas’s body.
Cas pushed aside any doubts and immediately thought them back into their clothing. Dean got on his feet, a little wobbly, and Cas made the effort to do the same.
Castiel hoisted him securely against his chest and compelled the human to sleep. To forget his rescue and all details of it, for now. Dean fell limp in his arms, until the construct of his human shape dissolved away on the ascent from darkness to reveal the luminescent light of his soul.
Dean smiled—the best he could, at least, with his left cheek so bruised and stiff from swelling. “Because it doesn't matter if the pasta was mushy and the carrots were too hard. You made it for
“Mm.” The sound of Cas’s laughter only made Dean’s hunger worse. He turned his head to meet Cas’s lips for a kiss, then grasped his face as he settled more fully into their embrace. Every time Dean kissed Cas like this, he wondered why he didn’t do it all the time, every chance he got. Why didn't he spend every night losing himself in Cas’s full, sweet lips? Why wouldn’t he want to wake up every morning to more kisses like these?
Cas pulled away only enough to drop his right arm to his side. His angel blade slid down from under his shirt sleeve and into his hand, glinting, dangerous, and deadly. That always weirded Dean out. Cas had once explained that the blade was not a discrete weapon but a manifestation of his true form. A literal
Dean smiled, trying not to get emotional—but knowing it was okay to do so now, if he wanted. It was okay to laugh, to cry, to love. To love Cas, his family, and this life they could now build together.
fault. That was the spell, poisoning you. Even Rowena, I don’t think she knew what it would do to an angel.” Or even cared.
He sometimes forgot the strength that Cas possessed, even with his grace weakened these days. Rowena’s spell had turned him into a relentless killing machine—and had almost killed Cas himself in the process.
All he knew was that he felt unworthy of the allegiance and trust Dean put in him, after everything he had done. His betrayals, his lies...the way he had let power and pride, his own search for truth and purpose, cause so much pain to others.
“I don’t know.” Cas stared at the computer screen, looking frustrated. “There are too many choices. You pick something, Dean. You know what’s likely to be good.”
He let Dean tug off his coat and jacket, barely disengaging from their kisses as he did so. The garments joined the mess on the floor, soon followed by Dean’s flannel and t-shirt. He enjoyed Dean’s hands, fumbling to unbutton his dress shirt, and then the first touch of Dean’s fingers on his bare chest were enough to make him suck in air.
love, isn’t it?” Dean asked. He thought he’d been done with romantic love, since Cassie. Since Lisa. But this was something so much more.
Jack had, of course, wasted little time in rescuing Cas from the Empty, as soon as Chuck had been defeated and his powers absorbed.
He imagined himself like a surgeon, cutting away the cancer destroying his patient’s body. Only his patient was humanity as a whole, riddled with the diseases of hatred and bigotry, greed and hypocrisy.
Cas stared up at the sky, expressionless, before finally turning and noticing Dean. The gaze of those eyes finally locked onto him and Dean sobbed, “Cas, you’re...you’re really here.”
Now he watched as the last scraps of his jacket smoldered in the bowl, the acrid smell of fabric and blood and smoke filling his lungs. Dean refused to look up, refused to look at Sam. Or look at Claire, sitting in lotus position across from him. She’d gone silent, her roughly-bandaged hand from where they had drawn her blood tight in a fist. He could imagine Sam’s face and he couldn’t look at it.
Around them people speaking many languages were posing, swapping for pictures against the dazzling backdrop. Dean looked to Cas, standing beside him in his familiar suit and tie (thankfully he’d zapped some shoes and better attire than their bedroom sweats on them, too) and grinning. “It feels
“I know, me too.” Dean sighed and smiled at him. “It’s gross but it’s kinda good, too. ’Cause of why.”
Dean frowned at his phone. “I tried calling—and texting—Cas to let him know we finished the salt-n-burn. No answer.”
Angels never received soulmarks, because angels had no souls. Their only devotion was to God and Heaven, not to another individual—angelic, human, or otherwise.
“Well, assuming the ghost is real, we’ll be able to take care of it,” Dean assured her, pausing to lick cake crumbs off his fingers. “First things first: Where’s your father buried?”
Cas lifted his own arm that had been pinned between them, putting it over the pillow propped up behind Dean’s back. That...actually brought them a bit closer and left Dean with the light sensation of Cas’s arm against him. “Better?” Cas asked.
Sam took off to spend some downtime with Eileen, visiting Ireland with her and seeing the world as they’d never had the time nor luxury to do in the past. And Dean started thinking more about a future for himself that involved less active hunting, and more taking on a Bobby-like capacity within the Hunters’ network. Of course, Sam would always be the lore-master and researcher extraordinaire among them. But Dean liked the idea of fixing up and opening more of the guest rooms here, for those who might come passing through. Maybe even taking in some troubled kids, like Jody had, becoming a mentor and a guide to younger hunters or others in need of help.
Dean remembered asking that one time when they’d gone walking this path together. It had been one of those rare peaceful times where, for a few precious days, the fate of the world had not immediately been at stake. Dean wished they’d had more times like those together. It seemed like they’d always been rushing headfirst from one near apocalypse into another, with barely a moment to breathe.
He sighed, reminding himself life had never been fair. Maybe free will had been nothing but an illusion from the start. Maybe Cas the only one who’d managed to break the bonds of destiny, of a shitty writer using them all as puppets to act out his perverse little fantasies.
Dean swallowed. “Yeah, well...I’d kinda hope so since she killed you.” He pressed his forehead against Cas’s, needing to keep him close. A shudder passed through him as he remembered the sight of Cas’s lifeless body. “I thought I’d lost you again.”
He could fall into the radiant light of Cas’s core, his very essence. He could feel it envelop him, warm him, caress his soul with such tenderness Dean nearly cried (and sometimes he did, but don’t ever tell anyone that.)
“Yes.” Those were words and confessions burned deep into Cas’s memory. Confessions that had helped keep him going, sustained his grace as much as they’d torn at him. They’d let him know Dean was still out there. Fighting, struggling, but still alive.
Claire made a face. “Ew. This is what I get for staying with two gross guys for a few days, huh? Fart jokes and lame-ass food?”
“What’s that?” Dean barely got the question out before the ground seemed to drop beneath his feet and he felt an unpleasant sensation he hadn’t felt in a very long time—that of being whisked off somewhere far away by Cas.
than when I was in Hell, for real. Knowing you’d done what you did to save my life, and here I was...wanting to die. Thinking about how I might do it if we couldn’t figure out how to get you back. How it’d be so easy to make a dumb mistake on a hunt. Especially without Chuck’s plot armor to protect us now.
Dean shrugged. “Just wondering. Maybe hoping to know if Sammy had one. You know, for in the future if we get out of this mess. Our parents were soulmates.” He remembered how his father used to always caress the handprint mom had left on his right forearm. How many times he’d told the story of reaching for her when he saw her about to trip on the sidewalk.
Not-Dean’s grin turned wider. Far too wide. In one of the most horrible sights Cas had ever been forced to witness, that face split open like a Leviathan’s, lunging for Cas with far too many teeth.
Dean still paused as he picked up a spoon. “This is a lot of soup. Sure you don’t want some yourself?”
“An upgrade,” Jack continued. “But with a few tweaks. We don’t have to play by the old rules any longer.”
. But it’s also Cas. If this asshole is using Cas to draw us out, I’m not gonna let him suffer any longer than he already has.” Dean surveyed the weapons in their trunk, not sure what they should bring with them. They didn’t know who or what they were dealing with, though he was pretty damn certain it was another angel.
“Better tell Ellen and Bobby soon as we get back. They’re gonna want to start planning one heck of a welcome party.”
“If you’re not entirely sure, then maybe he didn’t. If you didn’t see him do it, there’s a chance at least some of it is, right?”
Dean got to his feet and stumbled toward Cas, his legs wobbly like jello. He rushed to collect Cas in his arms, lifting his head. “Cas! Cas, you alright?”
angelic form on top of him, the ringing energy in his ears. The scent of him like rain on a hot summer night where storms rumbled in the distance. The intoxicating taste of him in his mouth, blood burning through his system. That impression of eyes, everywhere, watching him, devouring him with their gaze. Grace like tendrils emanating from Cas’s core, wrapping around him, seeking and seeping its way into his own flesh and bones.
Dean approached and before Cas could stop him, or even fully realize what he was doing, he had his hands on the bottom of Cas’s hoodie. He lifted it and the t-shirt beneath up so fast, Cas couldn’t stop him.
For if he let himself drift away and allowed sleep to come, dreams awaited on the other side. Terrible dreams. Oh, they beckoned to him with sweet promises at first—to feel solid ground beneath his feet once more. To hear the celestial songs of his siblings in Heaven in happier, much earlier times, when his true form was full of power and divinity.
Even so, it wasn’t too difficult with their years of experience and available supplies. Most of the materials he produced or manipulated wouldn’t pass close inspection by law enforcement. But if Cas ever needed to get a motel room or rent a car, or even buy a 6-pack from an over-zealous cashier? Having a decent fake driver’s license and matching stolen credit cards could prove critical.
“It’s the least I can do and it doesn’t feel like enough.” Dean let out a sigh of clear relief and stood up. “But you? Finish your burrito. I’m gonna go tell Zeke—or Sam, whichever one I get—that you’re heading out in the morning to calm his tits. Gonna see if I can get some IDs and other stuff you could use together and then...maybe we can talk about that other stuff. The...soulmate stuff and all. But I want you to eat and then get some rest. You’re crashing out with me here tonight.”
“And I remember you liked that other Jackie Chan movie we watched a while back.” Dean thought they were sometimes pretty stupid, but he recalled Cas finding
And they all were so eager to talk to him! Wanting to tell him everything that had happened while he’d been gone, asking what they could get for him, and after a while Cas had to beg for a few minutes to sit down and...be still. After however long it had been of nothingness, this much company and stimulation and emotion was almost too much for him to process.
“I’m ready to go. Cas?” Dean looked to him, eyes bright, brighter than ever, and the doubt Cas had been feeling moments ago slipped away. He understood it had been Dean’s defense mechanism kicking in after allowing too much vulnerability.
“Fucked me that good, did you?” Dean laughed a little, pulling Cas down against him. With a deep breath, he offered reassuringly, “I’m fine. Awesome. Really.” To emphasize his point, he circled his fingers lazily in the spot between Cas’s shoulder blades, right where he knew those wings met his back. That got a shiver and whimper from Cas, his wings snapping back to attention so fast a loose feather went flying overhead. “You?”
Cas ducked her swinging blade and then tripped her—no, the entity—to the ground. He focused once again on the sound, now building to a palpable energy point, a wavelength vibrating through his very essence and core.
Dean leaned down to press his lips on the red mark where his hand had been. “Wish I could kiss it better.”
. I’m starting to feel like it’s too much, and I don’t like the way that makes me think. These...bad ideas get stuck in my head, and I know that wouldn’t be fair to you. But it’s not fair to me either that you dropped such a bomb on me and never gave me a chance to respond, ’cept like this. There’s so much we never got to say to each other, to do...so I gotta get you back to give us that chance.”
All too soon, though, the credits started to scroll down the screen and the film was over. Dean hadn’t moved from his comfy spot except to sip from his beer, the pie long forgotten in the comfort of Cas’s light embrace. Dean stretched now, glad to be able to do so without pain assaulting him. “So,” he said, putting his empty beer bottle on the nightstand and turning to Cas. “What’d ya think?”
Cas thought back on some of those days. The time when Dean had broken down laughing in an alleyway behind a brothel, saying he hadn’t laughed like that in a long time. Cas hadn’t understood why what had happened to him was so funny, but something in Dean’s carefree laughter? The way he smiled at Cas and treated him like...a human friend? That was probably the night Cas had realized his feelings for Dean were evolving into something new and unknown to him. Something more than Heavenly reverence for the Righteous Man.
“I know you intimately already, Dean.” A peck and a nuzzle to Dean’s cheek followed, lips moving next toward an earlobe. “I rebuilt your body, held your soul within my trueform as I did so.”
His first visit here had scared the fuck out of him. Now, he understood he existed in this plane only as his pure soul, light as a feather and bright as any star.
Dean loved his brother, he really did. And he loved Claire as well, for she was part of their peculiar little family which had come together through the years.
He paused to picture Cas in his mind, the things he remembered and refused to forget. His blue eyes, so intense in color they had to be otherworldly. The way he’d stare at Dean with such single-minded concentration when they’d talk—which at first had been unnerving but with time Dean had accepted as Cas being, well,
get outta here ’n can go back home. I don’t want to be huntin’ humans no more. Just want to live my life in some semblance of peace. Do some good to make up for the bad things I’d done.”
Those delicious tendrils of grace rippled over him in response, soothing him, relaxing him until his body felt as pliant as water. Cas sank fully into him and Dean surrendered to it, to his angel. He trusted him to take whatever he required from Dean but nothing more, as Cas trusted him with his blade, his blood.
“I don’t like to.” It had been terrifying to need sleep when he’d been out on the streets, alone and so vulnerable. Several times he had woken up to others pawing him over, searching his pockets for anything they could steal. “But yes, I need sleep.”
Yet every time the man’s identity skirted at the edges of his perception, he would lose the thread of that memory. Was it all just a dream or vision? Visions of the future, of someone he had yet to meet?
Dean lifted his eyes to see a spark of mischief in Cas’s eyes. “You flirting with me, Cas? Damn, you are a fast learner.”
Cas struggled to focus himself back down on smaller things, the details of survival. “What if Benny comes back?”
Cas rose to his feet, eyes scanning the reach of his work into the distance. He took Dean’s hand and Dean felt the warmth, the power of his grace still electric in his fingertips.
The door immediately cracked open and Cas poked his head in. “I’m sorry if I woke you. Sam and I were becoming concerned.”
Purity of thought. Clarity. Focus. Sam kept saying how they’d need all those things, come tomorrow. And that was part of why he was here now in the fading light of day. To focus his own thoughts, and to send Cas a message, a prayer, he needed to believe the angel could still pick up on.
He didn’t know what time it was—these windowless, underground rooms in the bunker made it hard to keep track—but it didn’t matter. Nothing urgent was happening right now (well, besides the Darkness and what could be a brand new apocalypse to worry about. But, screw it, that could wait for another day. He wasn’t going to be able to save the world feeling like this.) At some point he’d crawl out of bed and jump in the shower, grab another ice pack for his face. That might help.
Dean’s love and attention seemed to be fueling him and giving him more angelic strength than he’d felt in some time—since when Jack had first reached out to him through Kelly’s hand in his own.
Dean felt the soothing touch of Cas’s fingers on his forehead and then that soft warmth blossoming within him, carrying him off to one of the most restful nights of sleep he’d ever known.
“Benny’s good. But he’s not you.” Dean’s left hand pressed warm against Cas’s belly. Why did that touch make him shiver? Dean’s thumb, tracing small circles against the thin, stained fabric, became all he could focus upon.
that, after so many years of longing. “I would like nothing more than to undress and hold you tight right now. Hold you and begin to truly show you the extent of my love and sexual desire for you.”
Yay for Cas, but Dean knew he’d be backed up for a week. Hitching a ride on the angel express always fucked up his digestion for some reason. He supposed it was still better than taking an airplane, though. “Where
“Sorry. I was so foolish. She had been very kind to me—up until then, at least. I didn’t know it was a trap. As you said, I have a great deal to learn about being human.”
“It’s beautiful.” Dean swallowed, not trusting himself to say much more at the moment. He wasn’t gonna get all emotional about a field of freakin’
He closed his eyes to reduce the sensory overload. He called upon his grace to steady him, to act as a balance against the dizzying excitement of Dean’s physical closeness. “Just...lost myself for a moment.”
It was Cas’s turn to laugh, softly, as he leaned into Dean for another kiss. And Dean felt one pair of Cas’s wings wrap around him while another unfurled wide into the sky with a
Castiel had no time to argue with the human. He grabbed him by the shoulder with one hand while the other slashed out at a demon charging their way. Dean hissed at Castiel’s touch but then grasped at his waist, the angel taking flight without warning.
“No, you don’t. It’s not that I don’t want you to. But...I did something really stupid because I was desperate to save Sam any way I could. He’s only on his feet because...because I tricked him into allowing one of the fallen angels to use him as a vessel.”
“That’s what Naomi said to me, the last time I saw her. She said I must have ‘come off the line’ with a crack in my chassis.”
Dean made Sam take the oil and several other weapons while Dean stuck to the regular assortment he carried, plus their blades. They entered the open barn door with caution, seeing no one nor anything out of the ordinary at first. “Cas?” Dean called out. Sam watched their backs while Dean moved slowly forward. “Cas!” he tried again, a little louder this time. His skin crawled at the certain feeling they were being watched, as much as they were looking for their friend.
“And I thought I was the wild and reckless one around here.” Claire stood in the entryway to the bunker kitchen, looking as determined as Dean felt.
“Nothing beyond what you would call a ‘simple parlor trick’. But...it would honor me that you wouldn’t feel...ashamed of us.”
Cas was tall as a skyscraper and more alien than anything Dean could have imagined, indescribable and beyond human comprehension. Yet he was still
“Meg?!?” Both Dean and Cas turned in surprise at that voice and found the demon smiling smugly beside them.
Dean’s eyes sparked with delight and Cas felt himself getting lost in their beauty. These touches, the closeness, the...everything had him spinning.
Dean was already snoring away. Cas fixed a narrow-eyed gaze on Benny. “Is that the only reason you have maintained his friendship? So you can use him to escape?”
“I...I need to get some air,” he stammered. Being in the bunker, this room where he had spent his last moments with Cas? It was suffocating him. He couldn’t breathe. It felt like the walls were closing in on him.
Cas swallowed—one of those tiny human quirks, behaviors borne of nervousness, that he’d acquired these past few years. They had not had time alone, apart from Benny and without immediate threat of danger, until this moment. “I missed you as well, Dean.”
Others would bow down at the sound of an angel commanding them. This one just rolled his eyes and said, “Listen, asshole, you want a piece of me you can take your turn—
“It’s not that I’m having doubts. It’s more…” Sam paused and Dean waited, impatient for his brother to spit it out. “Look, it’s just we need to be prepared if things go sideways. If the spell works but...not how we intended.”
this was between them. Until Cas swallowed and said, in his deepest voice that was like an electric current running straight to Dean’s dick, “Howdy, partner.”
“Yeah, you look tired, Sam. I said I’m heading out tomorrow morning to set Cas up in an old hunter’s safe house, in Utah. I checked with Garth and he said no one is using it at the moment.” Something had told him not to mention to Zeke/Sam where he was
Cas hesitated before returning to sit on the edge of the bed, this time closer to Dean. “I do understand why you wouldn’t let me heal you last night. You think you deserve to suffer after what you did before. To me. When you had the Mark.”
“It wasn’t very good, was it? It didn’t look like the recipe photos, and I could only taste the molecules so I don’t know how—”
The need gnawed away at him, building every hour as he tried his best to ignore it. He knew there was only one way to get relief, to scratch the itch that ran so deep it felt like it had settled into his bones. He hated being so controlled by this longing, even when all he had to do was ask and he could have exactly what he wanted.
“Not without you. What are these cuffs, Enochian?” Dean looked at the script on them and saw how similar they looked to ones they had at the bunker. “We’re dealing with another angel, right?” Dean’s mind was racing on how he could free Cas as fast as possible and get them all out of there.
Then it was back to lips, hungrier and more confident now. They progressed to probing kisses that sought to steal the breath from each other’s lungs. Cas’s hand glided up to hold Dean’s head close, fingers grasping at his hair. The touch sent shivers down Dean’s spine and he sighed, his toes curling in his boots.
you...some of it, anyway.” Without his eyes burning out of his skull or his eardrums rupturing, both of which were definite bonuses.
Cas was doing better, day by day. There were still times, random moments, when he would seem to freeze up or drift away to someplace else. Dean would see a shadow falling over him, as if he was once more doubting if this was real or another tormenting dream of the Empty. When that happened Dean would go to him and say his name, touch his arm, try to provide grounding and a reminder of where they were. It usually was enough to quickly bring him back.
But he would make sure Dean made it through, no matter what. In the meantime he’d protect Dean, and try to make the most of these few fleeting days, precious despite their brutality, that they might have together.
“Nothing important, but...I’ve been driving for too long and I need someone to talk to if I’m gonna stay awake. Do you mind?”
Dean exhaled in the greatest relief he’d ever felt as Cas’s eyes finally, slowly, flickered open at his last desperate cry. His eyes were unfocused but still that impossible ocean blue Dean thought for sure he’d never see again.
“Never too busy for you. And by flight time, I assume you mean...” Dean paused to nuzzle his lips against Cas’s cheek, murmur in his ear, “
“He got a call and then left about two hours ago to go to the barn. I assumed it was you calling him.”
Another kiss, then, as Cas rolled his hips up against Dean, making him moan. He could feel Dean’s erection pressed up against his own, creating the most stimulating friction between them.
“For Cas? Hell, yes. And you’d better be willing to let me do it. Cas didn’t consult me about making his deal, and then deciding to sacrifice himself like he did. So if we can’t pull him out and I have to dive into the Empty to find him and kick his ass, figure our way out together, then that’s exactly what I’m going to do.”
It was also cool not having to worry about ganking demons or vamps or any other monsters. Not having to sleep with a gun under his pillow for the first time he remembered. If he got bored and wanted to “play” hunter, he could ring up Charlie. She was often in the mood for some first-person-shooter (or slice-and-dice) fun, video games you walked into like they were the real thing.
The motel room smelled like stale cigarette smoke and too much air freshener. It wasn’t the cleanest Dean had ever seen, but they were likely to leave it a lot worse after fixing themselves up. He led Cas to the bathroom, then flicked on the lights and kicked down the toilet lid.
“Thanks. But don’t think I’m just going to kick you out on the street with nothing, okay? I wouldn’t do that to you. You’re my soulmate, after all.” Dean smirked, then looked away, a little flushed. “And even if you weren’t, you’re my friend. My
He’d taken a cold shower to wash away the sweat, quell the heat building inside. That had only made his condition worse. Alone, under the spray of the water, touching his own skin? He’d become more acutely aware of what he ached to possess—to experience—once again. His hand and active imagination could only provide so much satisfaction.
looked different. Sharper, brighter, hell... Cas was lit up with a blue glow surrounding him, radiating barely contained power.
Sometimes, though, he saw a green-eyed man who radiated bravery and purity of heart. He seemed so familiar, as he stood beside Emmanuel in some of these battles. He saw the man laugh and he saw him rage. He thought, perhaps, that he loved this person, whoever he might be.
“Yeah, well, we don’t know. I don’t know, you don’t know.” Dean shook his head. He knew it was nuts. He was being nuts. But he couldn’t give up hope. “There’s just...I can’t explain it, but...we have a connection, y’know? If he was gone forever this time, I’d know it. Somehow I’d
There was no single moment of climax in this realm. No rushing to a cliff just to fall helplessly over it, exhausted and satiated. Here the ecstasy was never ending, theirs to revel in as long as they wished. What they lacked in raw physicality here, they made up for in spiritual intimacy, a sense that Cas was Dean and Dean was Cas and now, at last, they were
Cas was happily munching away on his second one when Dean entered the library. “This ethnic food. I can't get enough,” Cas enthused, eager to show his gratitude.
in a pile under the tree to their side. Dean blinked and let out a surprised laugh, shocked to suddenly find himself—both of them—completely naked.
“Dean, you—” Cas paused to cough, spitting up yet more blood—this time a big glob of it, all over Dean’s hands. “You need to get out of here.”
Cas pulled away and got up only to grab a pillow from the top of the bed. He lifted Dean’s head gently to place it there, then settled back down, his own head in the crook of Dean’s neck.
and all over and before he knew it he was crying out Cas’s name. His orgasm crashed over him as Cas stiffened and clutched at him even tighter.
“Oh, as if that’s meant to stop me?” Still, Dean eased up, as he did need some time to recover before daring to go for another round. He let Cas gently clean them both up and then they settled into tender caresses and lazy, satisfied kisses. Cas wrapped his arms around Dean in a spooning embrace and Dean felt the warm tickle of a wing falling over him like a downy blanket.
Dean’s cry was not aloud for in that brief moment he was beyond speech. It flowed from his mind, through the binding grace, echoing bliss back to Cas in a circuit of angelic energy. He felt the warmth of Dean’s seed spilling out onto his abdomen, as his own physical vessel reacted in kind. The wind around them picked up into one final, violent gust then dropped out like a sigh. Somewhere in the distance unholy creatures howled, and then silence fell back over the land.
Peaceful, and beautiful. But still not as beautiful as Dean’s angel in all his glory, swirling blue fire and ink-black wings, fearsome yet possessing the most gentle heart Dean had ever known. Dean spun about in Cas’s embrace so they were “face”-to-face again, the familiar curves of human cheekbone and jaw solidifying against his palm. They kissed again and here it was like the ebb and flow of a tidal shoreline. Pleasure would wash over Dean until he felt he was drowning in it, and then it would fade back to a softer wave of need and yearning.
Dean hadn’t been above begging for it—for Cas, the one time Jack had actually come when Dean had prayed in anger and desperate tears to him.
A few moments of stillness passed, and then a doe with two young fawns in tow stepped with caution into the field. The doe stared at him, frozen for a long moment, and he dared not move.
To see Dean Winchester’s face, smiling in profile as he drove his precious automobile down some endless highway. To enjoy dinnertime in the bunker with those who had become his second, chosen family.
of breaking branches—followed by a low whistle that they both recognized as Benny announcing himself, coming close.
could go back asleep. On the condition it allowed me to take enough angels of my choosing to keep Heaven running. The ones most likely to keep it awake.”
Dean looked up to meet Cas’s eyes and noted his single raised eyebrow, a spark of his sassy, occasionally bitchy self there in the set of his mouth. That relieved Dean, let him know Cas was going to be okay, so Dean allowed himself a small smile in response. He got up to fetch the bottle of alcohol he’d brought in from the car and poured some on a couple cotton balls. He had no idea if antiseptic agents would do anything to help angel blade wounds, but he figured it couldn’t make things worse. “Guess your family’s as much of a freak show as mine is.”
And Cas had been through so much recently. He hadn’t talked much about the details, but he’d mentioned calling on the other angels to help him, and instead they had captured him. Tortured him. Forced him to kill more of his brothers from Heaven to escape. That was another reason Dean hadn’t wanted to push him to use his grace, but...
Dean gave Cas a critical once-over, and he wasn’t looking much better than Dean felt. His skin was pale, and he had heavy, dark circles under his eyes. Even his hair looked exhausted, flat and limp against his forehead. At least he had shed the trench coat and tie to relax a bit, but Dean also knew that meant Cas wasn’t feeling his regular self.
And then Zeke was gone with a flash of blue. Sam looked up at Dean in confusion and asked, “I’m sorry, what was that? I must have nodded off for a minute.”
Dean looked out across the field, the sharp angle of the last rays of sunlight dancing over the waving hay and wildflowers. Then he lowered his head and sighed. He could feel his emotions getting the better of him, tightening in his throat and making it harder to speak. He pushed himself not to stop. “Because I need you, Cas. There’s a whole new world out here, but it’s...it’s no good for me without you. You deserve to see it after all you did to help make it happen. It wouldn’t be this way without you, with the faith you had in us.
No matter what, he’d be keeping watch over this one. Something had happened between them, something that Castiel worried shouldn't have. He tugged his vessel’s dress shirt out of his pants, raising it to look at the mark that had remained upon his own form, where Dean had first touched him.
Dean paused, only to make sure Cas was one hundred percent focused on his words, his intent. As if that were ever in doubt; Cas’s eyes were on him as always with rapt attention, making Dean feel, for the moment, like the only person in the universe.
Dean had barely had the chance to live, once and for all free of Chuck’s control, when a dumb mistake had snuffed out his life. A fucking rookie move. But robbed of the one individual with which he’d desired to spend his life, it had hardly seemed worth going on, anyway.
Dean lost track of time, lost himself in those touches, this union. But eventually the need for release was threatening to turn into a case of blue balls if he didn’t get relief soon. Cas sensed the shift in his needs and redoubled his efforts, deepening his kisses while he quickened his strokes. The tingling energy radiating from Cas’s touch surged and built until Dean had to break their kiss to gasp for breath.
cared. Maybe too much. You haven’t always done the right thing but your actions were always driven by emotions and caring. You’re not like those other dick angels who only cared about fulfilling their duties to a God who doesn’t even seem to give a crap about them any longer. Or only cared about getting their jollies like Balthazar, or Gabriel. Whether you always had a soul, I can damn well guarantee you have one now. If you don’t believe me, we’ll find an angel to do that soul-fisting thing you’ve done before, like to check on Sam.”
“I’ve also seen your pornography collection.” A nip to his earlobe then, Cas’s hot breath making Dean’s skin tingle. “The things you like besides
Cas let out a soft whimper as he reached for and caressed Dean’s free hand. The sound made Dean desperate for more, especially as it echoed like tiny silver bells in his ears.
The entity appeared again before him, this time in the form of Claire. She looked at him with sorrow and for a moment he paused, unable to raise a hand to her—until it was almost too late and she came lunging at him with an angel blade.
“So many times I reached for you, tried to, but...it was nothing but a dream. Or the Empty wanting to hurt me by taking on your shape.”
Dean had asked, of course. Prayed. Screamed and cursed when polite calls to the new almighty had gone unanswered. Chuck was gone, things were being set right again, couldn’t Jack make
“Sorry. Angel executive meetings can be…” Cas sighed and rolled his eyes. “Seemingly endless. Immortal beings are not known for their brevity.”
“Nah, it doesn’t bother me. Not really. I mean, ‘Team Free Will’ and all that. I don’t like any kind of predestined bullcrap dictating what’s supposed to happen in my life. Don’t want someone telling me this is the person I have to be with. Just like I don’t care for someone telling me I’m destined to fight an archangel wearing my little brother to the death.” Dean rubbed his left upper arm and snorted. “I remember when I first saw your handprint on my shoulder. I freaked the hell out thinking that’s what it was. A soulmark from a freakin’ angel.”
and he knew it was Cas’s grace enveloping him. It was like Cas healing him but a thousand times more powerful. There was no escaping the need to come, to give in to it. He had to pull back and gasp out a cry—to
Castiel sighed and covered the mark before anyone else might stop in and see it. Most of his garrison had returned to Heaven already but a few remained on guard in the area, should Hell try to reclaim Dean. From his coat pocket he took out the crystal vial which, for the moment, housed Dean’s soul. It sparkled and radiated such beautiful, fiery light, Castiel almost hated to have to let it go. He somehow felt compelled to want to hold onto it forever.
Cas sighed with clear annoyance but did as Dean instructed. He tossed his trenchcoat and bloodied suit jacket into the bathtub and kicked off his shoes. Dean ran the sink until the water turned warm but not too hot, cleaning up his own dirty hands and face after shedding his muddy jacket. He tried not to pay attention as Cas unbuckled his belt and slipped off his pants, tossing them aside in the bathtub, too. All the angel wore now were his socks and underwear.
Cas was thick but Dean could take it. He actually liked that edge of pain at first. It made him feel better about having to cut into Cas, to cause
Benny lifted his chin and pointed into the thick trees ahead of them. “That way. Got a few more days ahead of us, by my reckoning, to reach the rift.”
Cas nodded. “Nanael. I killed another he was very close to, during the civil war in Heaven. Now he wants to kill those I care about, before taking me out as well. That’s why you have to go, Dean, and Sam,
When he succumbed to the dreaming, he became nothing. He became empty of purpose, empty of place...as the entity who ruled this domain demanded.
Cas appeared exasperated by the entire experience as he continued, “Some said I must cook a whole chicken in boiling water to make the broth. Others said to use canned broth and already cooked chicken to save time. But how do I prepare that chicken? I wasn’t sure. So I decided to get a ‘rotisserie chicken’ like I’ve seen you devour in entirety after a tiresome hunt. They had them at the big grocery store, the one Sam doesn’t like because of their labor and market domination policies, but it was the only one open twenty-four hours a day. So I went very early this morning after reading the recipes. Reading...
He could take in the glory of his many wings, dark as midnight yet shimmering with iridescent rainbow colors. Each feather of his true-form’s wings was at least as tall as Dean stood, some much bigger, and he could touch them and watch the colors spark and dance beneath his fingertips.
Dean sat on the edge of the bed, rubbed his face with his hands. “I might not have been stuck in the Empty, but I’ve been feeling nothing
He laid down, using Cas’s thigh as a pillow for his head. “Mind if I…?” he started, blinking up at Cas, asking permission only after the fact.
It could be he had spent too much time in this chosen vessel, Cas thought, trying to come up with any alternative explanation, a rationalization for these changes within. After Jimmy’s destruction and Cas’s death, after God had resurrected him as an even higher angel—a seraph—he could have chosen another one. He
“Whoa, whoa, whoa! Hold on, I got you.” Dean slung his bag over one shoulder and then wrapped Cas’s arm over the other to hoist him up.
They found Kara in her kitchen, cleaning up dishes from the dinner she’d made for them earlier that night.
letting Castiel here see me rip you both apart, limb by limb. And that’s before I take my time finishing
been something nagging at him for some time; perhaps now was as good as anytime to bring it up. “Hey, Cas, can I ask you a kind of out-of-nowhere question?”
As if to emphasize that point, Cas also sensed an approaching dark energy. He tensed and rose to his feet. He summoned his blade just as the Leviathans burst down from the sky and materialized from balls of black goo. There were five of them, snarling and circling Cas. He crouched to a defensive posture, holding his wings close to his body in case flight was his only escape.
The open door meant the invitation was there. Dean sighed. Cas had known, of course. Had sensed Dean starting to unravel from the tension within and knew he’d be coming tonight.
Dean smiled to himself, then had a more serious thought. “Maybe it’s time we let Sam know about...well, not
Fuck, he wanted everything. He wanted Cas inside him, he wanted inside Cas. He wanted Cas’s mouth, he wanted those hands…
. You can’t comprehend what it’s like, you—you’ve only ever known this. I feel like...half of myself has been cut away...it
“Aren’t you tired, Castiel? Tired of all this? Tired of being such a pathetic love-sick puppy for a human who could never,
Cas hated himself for enjoying this closeness. Felt guilty for wanting to savor it. Jealousy, hate, guilt...these were all emotions. “Human emotions,” dismissed with disgust by his superiors for as long back as he can remember. Things he and his siblings were supposed to be above knowing. No, they were to be too pure, too
“S’okay.” Dean reached up to rub the sleep out of his eyes. Bad idea, for now his face throbbed something fierce. He could tell he was puffy and bruised, swollen worse than he was last night. “What time is it? How long have I been out?”
, Cas…” Then he was shuddering, gasping at the force of Cas pressing against him, pushing inside. Pleasure skittered along the knife’s edge of agony from being stretched further than should be possible, until Dean couldn’t help but cry out for mercy.
for whom he had these feelings. The angel who was both fearsome and too fallible. Headstrong, yet self-sacrificing to a fault. An unknowable, ancient and alien entity who should have far better things, better
Like...that was pretty hardcore. And he’d done it while he was still feeling under the weather himself and when he should have been resting, restoring his grace.
Was it because they’d modified things too much? Or was it because Chuck was gone and Jack was in charge, and thus much of the magic and spell-casting put in place around angels, demons and the afterlife was broken?
It made Cas feel...useful. Healing Dean felt good in an uncomplicated way, as so few things were in his existence.
“Hard to say. Nanael was enjoying himself. It could take some time before I can replenish what was lost.”
Cas squeezed his hand and turned to smile at Dean. “Do you want to get back on the road, or would you like to take a short walk while we’re here?”
Dean managed to hoist himself up enough to swing his legs over the side of the bed so he could take a better look at Cas’s soup and try it while sitting upright. It did appear edible, much to Dean’s relief. And it smelled more or less like what chicken soup should smell like. The chunks of carrot were a bit clunky, and not well-peeled. The broth seemed a bit thick with so much pasta added to it, but what the hell, Dean thought. The chicken was pre-cooked, so it wasn’t going to give him salmonella or anything.
Dean settled into the driver’s seat of the Impala and cast one last look back to the bunker’s entrance. They weren’t exactly leaving it behind forever, he knew. He and Sam and Cas, they would remain on-call if younger hunters needed them. But he knew, too, he was leaving the place in good hands.
“Yes. I hope it’s all right.” Cas parked the cart alongside the bed and Dean was...intrigued. Also a little nervous. He couldn’t actually remember seeing Cas cook anything before. Dean thought his culinary interests and skills hadn’t advanced beyond preparing peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and nuking frozen burritos.
“You know, the more you insist on plaguing me and the rest of my domain with consciousness, the more I’ll curse you with even worse dreams of regret than the last time. What should I draw forth from your greatest hits next time, hmmm?” It paused before him, grinning a malicious grin. “Let’s see, which was more painful: hearing your brothers and sisters in Heaven condemn you for becoming Lucifer’s vessel? Proclaiming you no better than he? Or...oh! Better still! When Nick reminded you that you are nothing but a loathsome body-snatcher yourself. That
“And that’s a sacrifice you’re willing to make.” Sam fixed him with a pained expression, but Dean was not about to waver in his resolve.
“Nothin’ like having an angel to put you back together again after a fight, eh?” Benny said, adding a little less generously, “’Specially when he’s the one drawing the worst of the monsters to us.”
Dean’s heart stopped. He blinked, certain he was hallucinating. But the body was still there. And his mind went haywire with dread, thinking
Dean declared it safe to get off at an upcoming exit when the glowing sign of a Motel 6 appeared in the distance. He stayed with Cas in the car while Sam went to check-in, as Sam was the only one of them in decent and clean enough shape to not raise eyebrows at the front desk.
On one particular non-day, Dean was out under the hot sun working on Baby. Why his car required repairs in Heaven, he didn’t have a clue. He supposed that working on the car had given him satisfaction in life, so Heaven made sure it needed some tinkering every now and then. Enough to keep him busy. He was humming along to the Doobie Brothers on his radio when he heard the recognizable sound of wings swooping in for a landing behind him. With a smile, he turned to find his
“Hey, angel.” Cas was in his human vessel, that familiar form for now. It was a lot easier than fitting a skyscraper in Dean’s backyard—that and his Heavenly neighbors weren’t as easy-going about true-form angels stomping about their gardens. Dean walked to him for a kiss, sliding his hands up under the trench coat to get a better grip (thankfully Jack had given him back the original one, the one Cas had lost on Earth when he’d gone human. Definitely sexier than the later model replacements.) “Feels like I haven’t seen you for a while.”
He started by wiping at the blood beginning to crust and dry on Cas’s chest; those were the cuts worrying Dean the most. Cas flinched as the damp towel ran over one nasty gash under his right collarbone that was still weeping blood. “How long will it take you to heal from this?” Dean asked. Some of the wounds looked like they might need stitches if Cas couldn’t repair them on his own, though the bleeding seemed to have slowed or stopped for most.
He reveled in it for a brief time before shifting his body, just enough that he could get his mouth on Cas’s cock again.
Jack turned back to Cas and said, “I thought you might pop up to visit in Heaven, but I guess you’ve been...pretty busy.”
“Not unless I absolutely have to. I love this land, all the memories I have of growing up here, of my dad out in the fields. I’d take over farming it myself, but with my own health issues I’m simply not up for it.” She’d explained to them how she’d only recently gone into remission after surgery and radiation treatment for melanoma. Being outside in the sun for many hours a day while she was still recovering was ill-advised by her doctors. “I’m in a real fix here, boys. That’s why I was so glad when I found some old papers in my father’s things. That letter from my aunt, mentioning how a ‘John Winchester’ had saved them from a spirit haunting the house she and her husband had just bought. It took me a while to track down a contact, but eventually that got me in touch with Garth. And then he called you.”
Sam, ever-observant and thoughtful, then excused himself to go finish cleaning up after the spellwork of that morning. “I’d better re-secure our banishing sigils and ensure that portal to the Empty is well and truly closed.”
That left Cas and Dean alone again, at last, first in the bunker kitchen and soon thereafter in Dean’s room. Dean shut the door and Cas found himself taking in the space that had been so familiar to him before. But now? It looked like a hurricane had passed through Dean’s personal quarters.
it, too. A calling from somewhere in the distance but that struck a note to resonate within his own wavelengths of energy. Yet it was still so distant it seemed like an entire universe away.
“No. I don’t remember, darling,” he soothed, turning to her at last and noting her nervous expression. He knew it reassured her when he called her that—especially when she quizzed him about his memories.
Bleary, red-rimmed eyes met Dean’s own. Blood trickling down from his split lip, Cas grunted and said, “That was...unpleasant.”
Dean untangled himself from Cas only enough to get to his phone—which, to no surprise whatsoever, he saw light up and start vibrating from an incoming call the instant he reached to dial Sam. “Hey Sam, I—yes, I dealt with them. Sam
A memory sprang to Dean’s mind and his smile returned. He went back to his work cleaning the wounds with a clean washcloth, wiping away drying blood, checking for any fabric or debris in the cuts on Cas’s chest and abdomen. He hoped the conversation would not just cheer up Cas but distract him from any of the pain as he did his work. “You’re a hell of a lot stronger than you give yourself credit for. More than maybe I have, too. Remember when you were organizing those other angels to go after Metatron?”
And so he grasped Dean’s hips, held him steady as he let go—if only as much as he dared—of his own restraint. If this was to be their one chance to enjoy a union such as this, he was going to make sure Dean’s pleasure was as exquisite as possible, a mirror of how Dean made him feel. Cas called upon his grace, within him,
“Hold still.” He had to concentrate to heal the deep gashes to Dean’s forehead and scalp, the results of their latest skirmish with Purgatory’s least desirable inhabitants. Cas’s powers were not at their full strength here in this realm not meant for his kind, distant from Heaven and disconnected from replenishing Earthly prayers. Even so, he could manage to take care of his most precious human’s injuries.
Cas cried out, grasping at the back of Dean’s head when he came as if on command. Dean swallowed down the hot and salty rewards for his efforts as best as he could, sucking and licking until Cas had gone utterly slack and spent against the bed.
That booming, sonorous sound, again, in his head as well as his ears as he started licking and sucking, tasting more of Cas and wanting to give him all the pleasure in the world. Dean sucked him down and tried to take him all in as he began stroking himself. He wanted to wait but he was so coiled up with need inside he didn’t think he could. He felt like a tightly wound spring about to explode.
was lying there at the foot of the boulder, crushing down the surrounding hay. The figure was face-down in the dirt like a dead body.
He closed his eyes and was on the edge of slipping back into dreamland when he heard a gentle yet insistent knocking on his door. And he realized, in his half-awake state, it wasn’t the only knock he’d heard in the last minute or two. Was that what had roused him in the first place?
Cas, familiar with Dean as he was, didn’t bother to argue. “Well then, we should be in Colorado Springs in approximately six hours. There doesn’t appear to be any accidents or traffic jams along the route yet, but if something comes up...”
“I don’t believe anyone could come here and feel sadness any longer,” Cas said. “Wouldn’t you agree?”
Cas sat down at the foot of a large tree, determined to make the call that this is where they would stop to rest—which to be honest he needed a bit himself. Not that he got tired in the human sense of requiring sleep and sustenance to keep going. But the fight and Dean’s healing had taken some effort, and he desired a bit of a recharge. He needed his ‘angel ears’ to stay on high alert for any monsters on their trail, and so that he’d be ready to fight—or heal—again as might be necessary.
“Fuck, yes,” Dean sighed. “For now.” He pressed his cheek against Cas’s head, breathing in the scent of his hair. He smelled like sex and ozone, and Dean thought he might never want to move out of this bed again. “There’s a lot more I’d like to do with you. But...a little later.”
“Good idea. Maybe thank Rowena for her help?” Dean suggested. “Don’t want to cheese her off by being ungrateful.”
Dean shook his head after she left. “Great. Just when things started calming down, it looks like we’ll be dealing with a bunch of jail-breaked angels and demons. Fuck, you don’t think Crowley might’ve…”
Fuck, as if he was going to say no to the invitation to bed down Cas now that it was finally out in the open. He seized the angel’s hand and pulled him out of the bathroom, toward one of the two beds. Cas sat at the foot of it, gazing up at Dean who quickly ripped off his flannel shirt and henley. Before undressing further he leaned down to kiss Cas again, on the mouth, then his forehead, over that bloody cut. It was no longer weeping but there was enough blood still there that Dean got another taste. He kissed and licked away all that he could, even sucking at his fingertips which had grown red from stroking and caressing Cas’s face and neck. When he pulled away Cas appeared all aglow once more, strange halos circling around him in a way that made no proper spatial sense to Dean. His wings flared out and then settled against the mattress, falling over both sides as if echoing his sighs.
Cas’s hands gripped Dean’s back as he tilted his head, exposing the long line of his neck. “Take me to bed and you can...mmm...
, Cas. Worse than when I was in Hell where at least I could shit-talk back to the asshole demons torturing me.”
Cas said to Jack, “Provided my main home can remain here, and I can come and go as I please...then yes. Yes.”
The squint intensified, but Cas only replied, “Alright.” He gave Dean a quick kiss and light touch to the arm before cautioning, “Drive carefully and no texting.”
He knew what Dean was talking about. The handprint, on his abdomen, where Dean had first touched him on their ascent from Hell.
“Cas, I may not get all this angel-versus-human stuff, but it makes sense to me. And don’t forget, you’re not an angel anymore. You’re human.”
Dean put down the pie and six-pack and opened two bottles. He handed one to Cas, then got on top of the covers next to him. Cas passed the laptop over, and Dean scanned over some of the titles in the movie section Cas had been scrolling through.
Cas had few—if any—allies left besides Dean and Sam, and his foes were getting craftier in trying to draw him out.
sensation quickened the blood of Cas’s physical form considerably. This body he wore now—more than a vessel, not quite flesh and bone—responded with base lust as a human would. Meanwhile his true-form hummed with building strength, current coursing through his wings that ached to stretch out and enfold Dean, to carry him far from here.
Dean cranked opened the window to let the passing cold night air whip through his fingers. That was an old driver alertness trick his dad had taught him years ago. It helped a bit, but he still felt a dangerous sleepiness calling to him.
Jack laughed. “That could work. I could create a portal right here in the bunker. But every portal is a weak spot, and I still wish to invite as little interference between Heaven and Earth as possible. I was thinking more...something I could give
to work, Dean had reassured himself, and he did so again now on the eve of putting their plans into action. They could think of nor find any other options.
Cas’s old pickup and the hitched trailer were fully loaded, as was Baby's backseat. Dean hadn’t realized they’d have
the good things about Heaven was Cas. Having Cas back, because Jack had rescued him from the Empty along with some of the other angels Cas had told him might serve his new Heaven well. Cas was here in all his glory, Cas as Dean had never been able to see and know him before.
Dean managed to sit up and laughed a little, taking in Cas’s disheveled appearance. His coat was covered in dirt, his tie loose, and his hair standing up at all angles from Dean’s fingers clutching at it. “What’s so funny?” Cas asked.
It was filthy and sublime, and all the more intense with Dean’s senses in overdrive from the blood. He swore he couldn’t tell where his pleasure ended and Cas’s began; it all blended together in one orgasmic circle of want and delight, need and reward.
Dean dropped the blade to the bed and immediately brought the wound to his lips. He licked at the bleeding flesh, sucking, tasting that heady, intoxicating nectar and chasing down the tiny bit of grace. Cas’s whimper turned into a low moan, one that Dean echoed back as the fire spread through him.
Well, Cas had long ago soiled up that purity, dented his halo all on his own. And screw a God who had screwed them both over so many times. Let them get filthy, do vulgar and indecent things together and
Dean had to interrupt this happy little angel convention by accusing, “And you all left Cas here face down in the dirt and unconscious after he pulled your asses out of Super Hell?”
“Yeah, okay. You’re probably right,” Dean said. He set his crudely-made hatchet on the ground, right beside Cas, and then did something rather unexpected.
“Great, thanks. Anyway, I’m gonna put the leftovers away and grab some beers. Take the rest of that pie he bought—I
“Yes. You yourself have said I will need to get back out there again eventually. If this case is as ‘easy peasy’ as you say, this should be a good one for me to ‘practice’ my ‘hunting skills’ with you both.”
“Call me and we’ll change route, I know. Hey, um, another reason I’d rather drive it? I want to make one quick side stop along the way.” Cas squinted at Dean. “I’ll tell you when we’re getting close.”
“Yeah, we should,” Dean agreed, “because this is crazy. But you know what? I’m gonna call him real quick. Because I really... I know I’m being selfish but I need some time here with you, first.” He wasn’t ready to share Cas with
“And then I’d feel so ashamed, ’cause that’d be throwing away what you’d done for me, for all of us. But I guess I thought, if nothing else, at least I’d get to see you again in Heaven, right? Like, relive the memories of the good times we’d had. I figured there’d be enough to make it better than...this.”
It was beautiful. Damaged, yet so captivating, Castiel felt a sense of awe and wonder he had not known in millenia. Not since watching stars born from the gaseous clouds of Creation. Not since Gabriel had flown with him over the skies of Earth to witness the miracle of God’s work.
“And maybe...maybe Dean’s made me a little better in the process, you know? All the time I’ve spent here, these last couple months have...made me reevaluate things. Like what I’d want to do if I
Because in Heaven, Dean could look upon the angel’s true-form without fear of burning his eyes out. He could marvel at his dizzying rings of eyes, staring back at him from every angle possible like a kaleidoscope of the deepest blues.
“Anyway it sure woke the undead. We either gotta get on the run or find a more secure place to hunker down ’til morning.”
But then Cas said, “I’d like to kiss you,” and Dean shivered, drawing in his breath to answer in a rush, “Oh, please.”
gonna kill somebody.” Dean was gripping the railing at the top of the steps, as if afraid to put his hands to more destructive use otherwise. “I don’t care if we just resurrected them.”
Soon—too soon—Cas could feel Dean growing closer to his climax and he yearned to ride along on that release with him. Wished he could show Dean more of his true nature and the depth of his own devotion. Dean filled him with light and glory and all the things he wasn’t supposed to feel for a human.
Only Dean appeared troubled. Where minutes ago he’d seemed as excited as Cas was to be home and safe, now he looked like some new calamity had already come crashing down on them. “Cas, uh, can we talk?”
Dean wanted something like what they’d had for his little brother—only without demon curses, fires and death as part of the package. Sammy deserved it.
Cas sighed, closing his eyes at Dean’s touch, placing a hand over Dean’s own. “From when I was being tortured by Efram and Jonah. They...used their angel blades on me. Repeatedly. Very deep cuts, some straight through. Such wounds take considerable energy to heal.”
