He was stuck with Stark. Stark, who ate young people’s hearts, Stark who lied about his identity. Stark, who now held all the power over Steve’s recovery from the curse. If the Sorcerer Supreme hadn’t been gone, he could have asked him, but that wasn’t an option anymore.
He was happy for Natasha, of course, and glad that she was going to live up to her amazing potential. It had always been this way: Natasha had always been excellent at anything she cared to do. She danced like no other, made the finest brushes for the painting supplies they sold in the shop, was smart and cunning and beautiful to boot. Next to her, Steve had always felt clumsy and overgrown. He was tall and muscular, all thanks to the heavy lifting he did in the docks when he needed extra money (which was more often the case than not), and while he liked feeling strong, he knew he could look a bit intimidating. Natasha always told him that his baby blue eyes and blond hair made him look like a powerful angel, but he preferred her grace and flaming red locks. If he was an angel, then she was a nymph.
He couldn’t get the words out of his mouth. Every time he wanted to speak about the witch and the curse, his throat closed up, his tongue curled in his mouth and his lips became sealed. He gritted his teeth in frustration.
He walked to the pile of wood and started pushing it away from the fire. Two could play at this game.
“I wanted to visit my sister. I haven’t seen her in a long while, and she studies at the Shield guild. I couldn’t see her, though, because she was training. I’m sorry I took your armour, but Jarvis told me I could.”
“To help Tony, you must understand how the Witch of the Waste lost herself. Only then will you be able to prevent Tony from going down the same path. Fire demons only make contracts because humans can give them something they lack, something that gives both human and fire demon great strength and better health. Find out what is it that Tony gave Jarvis, and you’ll have your clue.”
Steve found he preferred his hometown. The buildings were simpler, the streets narrower, but it had its charm. It was cosier than the capital, more homely.
And that's where Steve makes his first mistake. Tony won't work for anyone, not even if it's the man he was pathetically in love with. Tony doesn't do love anymore, it's beneath him. Steve doesn't have any leverage on him, now.
Better that Steve directs his rage at one person than the whole word. Tony can take it. As long as Steve can focus his hate, he won’t lose himself. It’s better this way, really, and it’s not like Tony doesn’t deserve it, either.
Tony wondered whether Stark was aware of what he was doing. He wondered whether Cap himself was aware. He watched them as Steve gave Stark a quick run-down of what Tony and him had talked about in his absence, and realized that, no, they weren’t aware.
Where’s the bottle? He had it… He had it just now, he’s sure of it, and if his hand could just stop shaking—
She must be a very good friend if Stark had used her name. Steve was curious as to what she thought of Stark. She must see through his masks, and maybe she would give some hints to Steve as to how to do it.
He couldn’t do anything right, could he? He couldn’t give food and water to someone who needed it, he couldn’t even remember that there was a bloody dog in his house if the dog didn’t bark at him! What was wrong with him? All he had done today was listen to Jarvis and Tony tell him their terrible stories, then listen as a man who had been
Odd, he thought. Ice shouldn’t be yellow. Or green. It was blue, and white, and black, and grey, but not green.
Tony looks to the side. It’s going to be a sunny day. There’s a ray of light coming in through the single circular window, gently pooling on the floor. A single speck of dust floats, dipping up and down in an invisible draft.
He hesitated. Tony wasn’t in a mood to be honest and trying to wheedle the truth out of him might make everything worse. But playing along would mean that Tony would think that Steve still thought so little of him that he believed that Tony only cared about sensual pleasures.
Each time it was harder, each time he was gripped with doubts, but he had to believe it. He knew that if he said no, he would never reach the top of the stairs.
The armour helpfully supplies Tony with the vital signs of the body in front of him. Heartrate zero, brain activity zero, temperature dropping.
The dog was sitting on the side, looking intently, ears raised and eyes sharp. Jarvis, on the other hand, was glowing feebly, pulsing weakly, his flame the smallest Steve had ever seen. What had happened to him? He had enough logs to consume, so food wasn’t the issue. He looked
Steve wasn’t in the mood to make small talk. He wanted to do something, but without Tony, they were sitting ducks. Tony, even weakened as he was, was still the one who was most likely to survive a fight with the Witch.
Steve took a bowl of water and a piece of raw bacon and placed them next to the weredog. God, they hadn’t fed him at all, had they? Steve was doing everything wrong.
Does Steve have the authority to kill Tony? Maybe he has. Maybe he can just dispose of him, sweep it under the rug, and no one will mention it. Tony Stark, the man who thought he could keep things from Steve Rogers and paid the price for it. Tony Stark, the man who died by the hands of his once closest friend. Tony Stark, who betrayed the love of his life to save him but still failed.
It couldn’t be right, could it? They still had almost a week left, Steve had been so sure of it, he’d carefully checked. Hadn’t he?
“All right, help me move the chair and the couch to the side, we need space in front of the fireplace.”
He won’t be ready in ten minutes, it’s too fast, too soon, too monumental a task. He can’t even sit up, he’ll never be there in time. He has to call in sick (he can’t even be sick anymore). He has to find an excuse, something, anything. He doesn’t have the energy to interact with people.
Maybe he shouldn’t have been this frank. It had obviously shaken Tony up, to hear it in such uncertain terms, but Steve was sick of half-truths and deflections. Tony had a right to keep some things a secret, but he shouldn’t have to lie about it. Steve would accept a simple “It’s none of your business”—he wouldn’t accept it
After what could have been hours, or mere minutes, Steve felt strong as a bull, but incredibly weary too . He hesitated on his last step, the voices telling him to go back, to let it go, that trying was futile, that he didn’t really deserve to see the King, did he?
I forgot to say it, but this AU is set in an universe that is largely MCU-based, but with some elements from the 616 universe (the comics). You don't need to be familiar with the comics to understand and enjoy the fic, it's more of an easter egg :D
Tony wiped his brow, took one look at Steve, and practically ran out of the castle with a hasty word about seeing O’Casta. Great. Apparently, Steve’s bad mood was particularly obvious, to the point it had chased Tony out. Just what Steve needed.
Indeed, he was. Steve figured it wasn’t too bad. If something dangerous happened, he could always flee back to the safety of the castle.
The ice groaned around him. There was a thud again, followed by the bluest light Steve had ever seen.
Steve had just gotten inside the castle, refusing to tell Jarvis what had happened, when Stark sauntered in, carrying a metal sheet under his arm. He was as pristine as always, his eyes twinkling, a slight smile on his face.
, as it was called, was illuminated just so by the moonlight on the night of the 13th of December, it would shine otherworldly, and if you missed the second-long time period where it happened, you would have to wait a whole year.
Then he looked around and frowned. He could have sworn the cave had been darker than this just a moment ago. In fact, now that he was watching it, the key was glowing brighter and brighter.
His smile had too many teeth to be friendly. Steve realised he might be in over his head, and suddenly he was glad that he had Jarvis at his back. The armour hadn’t moved, but it glowed warmly at Steve’s side. He decided to ignore the unsettling fact that he was being watched, preferring to address the matter of interest.
He needed to push the scarecrow back somehow, and then he could ask Jarvis to speed up again so that they could lose it. If only he had his old body! He would have been able to push it, or even throw it away! As he was now, he didn’t have the strength. He needed something to amplify what little force he had, but what?
Steve stayed silent. Tony’s pain was still raw. The woman he had loved was trying to kill him, and this was the last thing he had left of her. This was Tony’s own mausoleum to the love he’d lost.
What a pity. He’d hoped to meet the man that Natasha loved, because she’d never loved easily, much less used the word to describe her feelings towards anyone. This was the first time he’d heard about her talking about love, and he was curious to meet the man worthy of that affection. It would have to wait, however. Maybe he could help them when he got rid of his own curse?
Men and women were walking around him, paying no mind to the small man standing immobile in front of the gate of one of the kingdom’s most powerful witches.
“I wouldn’t want to presume. Please call me Mr. Rogers. Tony isn’t here, he left a few hours ago, is it urgent? I can tell him you went by and asked for him.”
What was he thinking, leaving through the red door, right into the Witch’s domain? On the fated day of his death? He should be fleeing into the opposite direction, as far from the Waste as possible, just to gain more time.
He was also going to give her two words about what she thought she was doing. Since when had Steve needed someone to protect him? He could take care of himself, had always done, had lived alone and it had all worked out more than fine. He didn’t need some knight in shining armour, thank you very much, and just because he’d lost some muscle didn’t mean that he couldn’t survive on his own.
The man in question was smiling happily, but sidestepped Tony’s attempt at an embrace. He diverted the topic of conversation towards other scientific leaps.
“If you stay away from the sea, there is no risk that you’d meet a mermaid. Aren’t they a reclusive species? I doubt you’ll meet any.”
There was also the fact that if Stark were focused on keeping his curse at bay, he would spend less time with Natasha and miss O’Casta, which was always good.
Steve dragged his gaze away from the plant in his hand, and to Tony, who had gone as pale as Jarvis seconds before him.
That was a non-answer if Steve had ever heard one. So Tony had already hinted at something that he was missing? What could it be? A partner? Love? Something else?
Steve went back into the kitchen and reminded himself to see how the weredog was doing. He still didn’t know his name. He should ask for it the next time he managed to shift into a man again. The weredog was still curled on the floor, his chest slowly rising and falling. He was sleeping, then. At least he’d eaten the bacon, Steve saw, and drunk some of the water. Steve filled the water bowl again and put another slice of bacon next to it. The weredog seemed to be sleeping peacefully, so there was that.
He sounds so desperate, he wants to punch himself. Thank God there aren’t any cameras in his bedroom.
Steve had been in his room a lot the last few days, had Tony brought her home without Steve noticing? Steve could see him do that. Sure, Tony didn’t seem all to interested in O’Casta, but you never knew. She seemed interested enough for two.
Steve doesn't know it yet, but he's invited the lion into his den. He thinks he's got Tony. He thinks he'll break him. He probably thinks Tony's despairing at seeing him in Hydra colours. On the contrary, it just makes the challenge better. Tony will have fun snapping Steve in two. He's always been good at lying, always been good at pretending. He can act the crushed weakling for a little while. Just long enough for him to carve himself a place into this world, and destroy Steve's plans.
His newfound energy lasted until he got back to the shop. He just managed to push the door shut behind him before he lost his strength and crashed to the ground with Tony still in his arms. His heart was beating out of his chest, it felt like, and he was sweating profusely, his arms trembling from the prolonged effort. It took a while before he extricated himself from under Tony and stood up.
They were reminded they weren’t alone when the Witch screeched behind them. Steve shoved Tony to the ground, covering him with his body, and covering the both of them with the shield. The onslaught of spells was so intense that his teeth rattled from the impact.
But the reason that the scarecrow was adorned like that was of little import because he didn’t have any use for it. He put it against the bushes and followed the snarling sound. A grey dog was growling, trying to get away from where it was half under the bushes, but unable to, due to its long and shaggy fur being twisted and stuck in the thorns. It was snarling and snapping its teeth at nothing. Steve tried to calm the dog down, but the animal didn’t stop struggling no matter how much Steve pet him or shushed him. In the end, Steve had to rip its fur off the thorns. The moment the dog was free, it ran away, still growling under its breath. Steve watched as it ran downhill and disappeared in the growing shadows.
“I thought you loved me, Steve. Don’t you love me? Don’t you want to spend the rest of your life with me? I can make you better, I can heal you from your curse, make you better. You just need to let go of any pesky notions of good and evil, of justice and equality. Give me your heart, and you’ll be free, just like me.”
He stands up, because if he goes down, at least he’ll go down with as much of his dignity as he can have, and because he won’t be able to tell Steve without an anchor, without touching him. So he walks over to Steve, and Steve stills, eyes on him, silently pleading him to tell him, and Tony breaks, because Steve isn’t even angry anymore, he’s just lost, and he doesn’t deserve to hear what Tony will tell him next, but he wanted to know, and Tony can’t deny him any longer.
Tony scoffed at him, and for a moment Steve felt himself grow hot with anger, but it dissipated in an instant when he realised that Tony was lying.
As soon as Steve said it, he knew he wanted it, to have colourful flowers in the shop, to have the lovely scents permeate the space.
Steve would love this, Tony thinks. He’d look at the pale blue ray and say something about different lightings giving different moods. Maybe he’d even take out his notebook and draw this.
Steve jolted, the bang deafening, sure that any moment now, he would feel the pain blossom somewhere inside of him. But when he didn’t feel anything, he realised that somehow, the bullet had missed. He looked behind him, incredulous, and scrambled to get away when he saw that the musket had blown up in the soldier’s hands, who was now lying slumped against the wall.
Tony nodded, his eyes taking on that otherworldly glow again. He was gearing up for something big, Steve knew.
Tony then asked Steve to sit on the chair and grab on to it. Steve did as told, suddenly excited to see what Tony was going to do. Tony walked over to the fireplace, taking a silver shovel into his hand, and gently pushed it underneath Jarvis. The fire demon was flickering wildly, his usually bright red flames shifting to orange, white and finally a pale blue glow as he was lifted from the fireplace. He had two small claws gripping the edges of the shovel, almost melting it in his distress.
clear as day. The voice was a hissing and crackling sound, but the words still managed to be perfectly understandable. Steve gave the fire three more logs, until it grew satisfied. Steve sat down on a chair next to the fireplace. The fire turned to Steve then, the hinting at a face with a laughing mouth and dancing eyes telling him that it wasn’t just a fire, it was a fire demon.
He can fake a call. Tell them he’s on the phone with the President, maybe, or the secretary of defense. No one would be able to check if this was really the case or not. Tony doesn’t use phones anymore.
He should just come clean and ask them for help. He hummed softly, trying to think of what to say without letting them know he had a magical artifact on him.
Because Steve loved Tony. There was no denying it now, Steve was in love with Tony, had been for a long time. And it was only now that he’d realised it.
That was… It was too late to change anything now. King Rhodes had appointed Tony to be the court sorcerer, it was official. The outcome was everything Tony didn’t want it to be, and it was all Steve’s fault, because he couldn’t even lie convincingly. But on the other hand, Steve felt good that he hadn’t lied, because he wanted someone else to know that Tony was better than people believed him to be. Why he wanted to, well, that was something he didn’t want to examine too closely. He felt that he wouldn’t like what he found, wouldn’t like the depth of his feelings.
“Oh, that’s nice. Natasha won’t have to pretend, then. Or should I say that you’ll be the only one that’ll have to pretend, now? Pretend that you’re actually interested in courting miss O’Casta, when you’re so worried about the Witch of the Waste that you can’t keep your hand off your chest?”
Tony finished his cup of coffee, stood up, and left unsteadily through the red door with a muttered “Toodeloo.”
Another one chimed in: “I hear he’s a lovely young man, you wouldn’t think he ate people’s hearts if you saw him in the streets, which is how he lures so many youngsters to his home. I heard he’s got beautiful blond hair and sky-blue eyes.”
Tony was gone, for God knew how long, and all Steve had was his shield and a scared fire demon to help him. Had Tony decided to flee? Would he even come back? He had to, he wouldn’t leave Steve like that, would he?
He opened the blue door first, but the street was deserted. He opened the red door after that and was met with nothing but flowers and a bright sun. There were only the green and black doors left. Steve didn’t want to open the black one, not after last time he’d done that alone. He opened the green door instead, slowly, slowly, ready for anything.
He waved his fingers above the flower, which glowed slightly for a second. Nothing else changed, though, and Steve raised an eyebrow. Tony laughed at his inquisitive look.
He can still pass as human, and when the bloodlust engulfs him, there’s always Iron Man. He can pretend to be a hero and assuage his hunger at the same time. Every time he kills someone, he exults. JARVIS points him towards the right targets, the ones that deserve to die, and Tony guns them down. It’s a win-win situation: he gets to see all the blood he wants, and the people he saves see him as a hero.
“Maybe he hit his head and has temporary amnesia. We can ask Jarvis to make him tea and let him rest, and one of us can see with Thor if he can send us Doctor Blake. We’re going to figure this out, Mr. Stark.”
The next day, Stark was still gone when Steve woke up. He felt good, after a night’s rest, and prepared himself two meals before stepping out of the door once more. He was going to see Natasha, and there was no scarecrow in sight to mess with his plans. He took a few steps away from the castle but stopped when he heard a deep huff and sigh from behind him. The castle had stopped moving, resting on its legs and letting out steam in steady streams. Was there something going on? The castle had never stopped moving before! Steve went inside again, just to check, he told himself.
They dance around each other, and still it’s evident that this phase, too, won’t last. One day one of them will trip into the other’s space and they will take this one step further. Tony has smelled Steve, has had his sweat on his tongue, and he longs for more.
It took Steve a while to understand that the Witch had shrunk herself and was using her greater agility and speed to attack Tony more viciously. It was working, too, she had gotten in a few hits, each time punctuated with a green flash of light.
Tony opened the red door next and walked out. Steve followed him, curious to see where they had moved to.
He was alone, so completely alone in this ocean of reflections. There were shapes dancing in the sky, diving into the water, exploding into a million colours upon touching the surface. They were like small suns, if suns were a rainbow of colours, violet playing with pink and green and blue and orange and red and yellow. Steve turned around, watching the stars fall around him, and listened. There was a whispering melody in the air, a faint chime every time a star plunged into the water. Their lights disappeared into the darkness when they touched the surface, a dying spark the only sign that there had ever been a star.
Tony didn’t slow down. If Rhodey and Pepper wanted to be a part of one of the biggest discoveries of the 20th century, they would have to run faster. It wasn’t his fault they had decided to bring their bags with them instead of leaving them at the entrance of the cave, there were more pressing things than thieves or marauding animals. This was of vital importance, and every second counted.
Of course, Tony would never do that. He’s part of a team, can’t just disappear in the middle of a fight. He’s not exactly inconspicuous. Besides, he’s supposed to save the civilians, not drink them. It wouldn’t do to put SHIELD on his back.
He helped Tony up, and they staggered together to the couch, where Tony lay down excruciatingly slowly. He was breathing shallowly, his body shivering in cold sweat, his left arm covered in blood, a cut bleeding sluggishly on his temple. The marks were pulsing malevolently on his chest. Steve wished he knew how to stop them from getting bigger.
Steve was tempted to draw that conclusion, but he had the disagreeable habit of jumping to the wrong ones, especially in regard to Stark.
He hurried downstairs, where Tony was sitting at the table, rubbing at his chest again. Steve put his hands on the backrest on the nearest chair, catching his breath. Tony smelled faintly like flowers, and it hit Steve that he’d gone out through the
Stark was gone, again, leaving a faint smell of metal and honey as he strode out of the door and disappeared into the sky. He hadn’t listened to a word Steve had said.
Tony’s last day couldn’t be tomorrow. There had to be more time left, they’d just talked about how they felt, something good was happening between them, it was too soon, way too soon—
They were met by James at the moving castle. He was better, still pale, but he had the energy that Steve and Tony lacked. He was clearly worried, asking about what had happened, what they’d done to look like this. Tony didn’t say anything, just sat on the chair by the fireplace, watching Jarvis and whispering to him.
So this is where Tony sleeps, when he takes the time to rest, or when he’s so fucking tired that he can’t do anything else but lay on the mattress like a dead fish.
This time, Tony’s the one to attack. He brings his knee high up as if he’s going to kick, but at the last moment, he turns it into a jump and kicks forward with his other foot. Steve bats it aside in a strong block, stepping in to backhand Tony. Tony drops to a crouch and rolls away to avoid Steve’s low sweep. He doesn’t have the time to stand straight before Steve jumps in with a right hook. Tony grabs his wrist and uses Steve’s momentum to send him to the ground, keeping hold of Steve’s wrist to get an elbow lock. Steve twists before Tony can secure the lock, bending his arm and pushing himself to his knees and hand, his wrist still in Tony’s grip. Tony doesn’t know if that last twist should have been enough to dislodge him and at this point he doesn’t care. All he wants is to win. He uses Steve’s spin against himself and bends his arm against his back, bringing the wrist up high between Steve’s shoulder blades. Tony drops a knee on the small of Steve’s back, forcing Steve flat against the mat. Tony slowly brings the wrist higher and higher until Steve taps the mat twice. Tony stills and lets himself grin savagely for a second. He’s won. He doesn’t let Steve go, not just yet. He needs to bask in it first, in the fact that Steve is under him, pinned to the mat. Tony lets his head drop to Steve’s shoulder and huffs out a laugh. Under him, Steve’s relaxed, laughing breathlessly himself. This was more intense than either of them anticipated. Steve smells delectable, the musk of sweat only enhancing the sweet fragrance of the serum. Tony darts his tongue out, the tip touching Steve’s neck for just a moment, and Steve shivers at the touch. Tony won’t mention it if Steve doesn’t ask what just brushed him. For all he knows, it was Tony’s nose, or a drop of sweat.
“You can’t hope to beat me with your magic, Tony, Jalcifervis. You’re way too weak to accomplish anything. Look at the ease with which I took control of your armours, it’s laughable.”
Tony’s mind is alight with questions, already trying to find a way to make it make sense, he’s trying to bend it into something at least fractionally scientific.
Steve doesn’t beat around the bush, grabbing him by the throat and shoving him into the wall, snarling in his face that he remembers, remembers
Tony can’t even enjoy it to the fullest, his armour an iron wall between him and Steve’s fading warmth. Tony listens to Steve’s rasping breaths and thinks about a hand on the back of his neck and a smile meant for him. He thinks about two hearts pulsing in tandem, slowing as one, giving up the fight and failing together. He focuses on the lukewarm strip of skin that spans from his throat to his ear, his point of contact with Steve.
From where he was, Steve was completely blind to what was happening overhead. Rumbles and cracks emanated from the clouds, accompanied with flashes of blue and yellow, but no green, at least.
He yowled in anguish as he started shifting back into a dog. Tony made a last effort to fight the shift, but he lost his grip, exhausted, and fell into Steve’s arms as the man finished his transformation. This time, he was grey, but still a wolfdog. He shivered where he stood, tail between his legs, ears flat on his head. He backed into a corner, whimpering as he curled in on himself.
As he came nearer, he realised that the scarecrow was emitting sounds, but sounds that he couldn’t place, that weren’t words. James seemed to understand him, though, speaking to it normally.
He tackled her to the ground, his clothes catching fire as he fell on top of her. She lit up, her fire becoming impossibly hotter, and Steve took his shield in both his hands, bringing it down with all his might.
His voice cracks on the last word, but he managed to say the whole sentence, so he counts it as a win. He doesn’t care that he’s pitiful. He just wants to feel warm, just for a little while.
He hadn’t looked up from the table, one of his hands pressing against his chest. Steve gawked at him, gobsmacked.
Steve finally had the key to break the contract. He could free Jarvis and Tony if he gave Tony his heart back, but it wouldn’t matter if they were dead.
The trickiest part about blood, though, is when it’s his teammates’ blood. Because civilians he can drop off and forget, but his team is never far. Right next to him in the Quinjet, sitting on the same couch on movie nights, smelling like blood and painkillers and disinfectant. Sometimes the bandages peek through their clothes. Sometimes they’re stained red. Tony can’t allow himself to look at them for too long lest he gets lost in his need.
“Is your brotherly protectiveness kicking in, Mr. Rogers? Unfortunately, you won’t be able to meet him, because he’s under a curse that is at least as heavy as yours. We’re doing all we can to help him, Natasha most of all, but it’s an arduous process.”
When did they get so disconnected that Steve thinks Tony’s doing this because of some kind of power trip?
She pushed him off him, and he fell to his side, his body screaming at him to find something cold, something hard, anything to stave off the pain, anything to make it stop—
“I hear he can take any form at will, be it a woman or man’s, but that his eyes always stay green and his hair raven-black.”
“I thought he ate people’s hearts when I first lived with him. There was no proof, absolutely none, and still I believed the worst of him, even if everything about him pointed to the contrary. He’s full of contradictions. He’ll act as if he’s forgotten you’re there, and the next moment he’ll give you something he made for you. I’ve never had that many gifts before. It’s a bit overwhelming, but if this is how he shows his affection, I’ll gratefully accept it.
with the woman who would later become the, um, Witch of the Waste. And it might have ended in a way that wasn’t completely satisfactory for her. And she might not really have forgiven me.”
There was so much to think about, and Steve could spend hours on it, but a flash distracted him. The paper with the address was glowing a bright blue, the words morphing under Steve’s gaze. After a few seconds, the address was simply “the royal castle”, and the arrow was glinting silver, in a new direction.
“Amazing. Well, I wouldn’t want to be in your way. Thanks for the breakfast!” With those words, he whirled out through the door, a slight trail of light the only sign he’d ever been in the room to begin with.
It shouldn’t hurt, but it still does. Steve knows Tony always gives him his codes, no matter how they feel about each other. He has the same codes as always, and now Steve is stripping the last shred of armour from Tony, leaving him bare, utterly vulnerable.
As for the weredog’s request not to tell Tony, Steve wasn’t so sure that it was a good idea. Indeed, a giant white dog in the middle of the kitchen wasn’t exactly inconspicuous. Steve would go down and give Tony his coffee, make sure that he was alright, and then he would tell him about their new guest.
He took off his shoes, although he regretted that decision as soon as he stepped into a puddle of unidentified goop. He padded over to the hearth, relishing in the heat. He still felt weak, but he managed to put two logs on the embers and blew new life into the flame. The flame flickered a little, its heart a bright blue that contrasted with the purple, orange and red of the edges of the fire. Then a tendril licked one of the logs and gained purchase on the wood. Steve watched in rapt fascination as the flame seemed to move
Steve had never seen a spell like that. Should he follow the instructions? What would that entail? Was he supposed to catch falling stars and teach someone to hear mermaids singing? Should he decide what the spell was about and write the second verse? But what would the second verse even be?
This time, Tony landed on his feet, if only barely. He let go of the key, and couldn’t even see where he’d ended up before something collided against him and sent him sprawling. So much for landing on his feet. He stared up into Pepper’s irate face.
He laughed, pressing at his chest, then looked at Steve, and his smile grew warm and fond, sending a thrill through Steve’s heart.
Behind him, Steve sighs, shifts, puts a knee on the bed. Tony registers the dip in the mattress, the warmth seeping through the sheets. He waits for a hand on his shoulder, waits for fingers on his hip, a tug to turn him over and end his hiding away. Instead, Steve lies down behind him. He makes himself comfortable above the sheets, lightly nuzzles into Tony’s neck. They’re not quite touching. A feather-light breath, a barely-there cloth is all that’s between them.
After lunch, Steve worked on the spells for Anthony’s Sorcery, which were in a neat pile of paper on the table. One was a good luck charm, another one was to help someone draw better (Steve painted a flower and put it in a bottle, the flower was moving around on his paper. He wasn’t surprised anymore, it happened sometimes when he drew now. Steve’s theory was that there was magic in the air in the castle and that it permeated the objects lying around), yet another one was for belly ache. But the spell he had picked up now was…weird. It wasn’t a request, wasn’t a simple charm. Instead, it almost read like a poem.
The robot—or was it a suit of armour, just like Tony’s?—raised its hands, palms facing towards Tony. There were the same kind of glowing lights on the palms as on the chest, and they were humming, too. Tony couldn’t see any weapons, but the glowing palms did not bode well. He spoke:
There’s no room for misunderstandings. Only one thing would have Steve reacting like that. Tony has the time to wonder how Strange’s spell could have failed, wonder what will happen to him now that Steve knows. Will Steve throw him in a cell and leave him to rot while he runs around like a headless chicken trying, and failing, to solve the incursions? Will he demand that Tony help him, make him betray the Illuminati? Will he use Tony as an example and crucify him for the world to see,
He could also try to do the things on the spell and see where that left him. And if he still couldn’t find the meaning of the spell after doing everything that was written, he would still have gotten further along. Which meant that Steve was going to have to catch a falling star.
Huh, wouldn’t that be a sight, Natasha threatening Stark. His little sister, in all her glory, staring down a man much taller than her.
The funny thing is, no one has noticed. No one knows what Tony is. It’s easy enough to hide. Tony can get his hands on blood easily, especially animal blood. He doesn’t need to go outside a lot and can explain the rashes and burns on his skin as a newly developed sun allergy (he spent a lot of time in the sun, during those three months, you see.) He masters his gag reflex and sits through dinners, vomiting everything back up the moment he gets the chance.
He had to save Tony. He had to. He strained all he could against the armour, but it held strong, restricting him further. Jocasta cast a disinterested glance at Steve before turning back to Tony’s prone body.
The worst part is, Steve doesn’t seem to mind. How is Tony supposed to resist Steve if Steve wants to spend time with Tony? How can Tony fight his instincts if Steve comes to him when he works, bringing him a sandwich and a cup of coffee, asking for nothing in return but company?
Steve wondered what the King meant about types. Steve wasn’t anyone’s type, that was for sure. But if the King knew that kind of thing about Stark, they must be very close. Steve felt a surge of jealousy at the thought.
Tony carefully shuffled towards the moonray to see the key better. When the ray fell on the key, it glowed anew, the same unsettling blue. It was eerily similar to the colour of the electrical guns that Zemo used, now that Tony was thinking of it. This couldn’t be a coincidence.
“Stark, there was a weird spell that I tried to understand yesterday, could you please take a look? I haven’t been able to make anything out.”
Cap turned beet red. Tony winked at him, feeling the pull of the key intensifying. He decided to push the two men in front of him in the right direction, as a thank you gift.
Steve knew that he would have to apologise at some point. He’d damaged the castle, possibly endangering Jarvis and himself, and insulted Stark. And he would apologise—he knew his manners, after all—but not right now.
Thank you to all the kind and invested comments, it was a pleasure seeing your thoughts and reactions to this story. Writing it was a fun experience, especially merging the two universes together. I hope it was just as fun to read. Come find me on
The world ended, and then Tony and Steve came back just as they were before the incursions started. Meaning, Tony reverted back to his pitiful past self. Which is something he's not at all looking forward to. His current version is in a coma somewhere because he was too much of a coward to kill Carol, and there's an AI wearing his face.
They were just hiding; they would come back any moment now. Steve stared intently into the black clouds, hoping to see a shimmer of blue, or even yellow, at this point. Where were they?
Steve was good at guarding the castle, at least. First the scarecrow and now miss O’Casta. His shield really was helpful. He should thank Tony again.
One of the first features that Tony designed for the suit is the air filter. He can’t allow the slightest gas or odour to come through. If he smells blood, he’ll lose control, and in his line of work, there’s a lot of blood involved. His own, pulsing through his adrenaline-loaded veins in combat or leaking sluggishly from a head wound after Tony takes a nasty hit. The blood of his enemies, splattering up in elegant arcs when Tony forgoes the repulsor beams for some good old-fashioned bullets, a glistening trail on the ground, scarlet droplets on Iron Man, tiny rivulets between his fingers after he crushes a goon’s skull.
The form that emerged from the darkness was so far from what Steve had imagined that he stopped short. It was—it looked like—he didn’t know
“He’s in Washington, for Air Force related business,” he answered stiffly, as Cap said “This is good, he’s remembering more!”
“Right. Well, I was so focused on that that I didn’t take the usual precautions when I flew back to Porthaven, and I actually walked right into the Witch.”
If you asked Tony how he would like to die, he’d answer something like this: Surrounded by his team, by his family, fighting to protect the Earth, the Universe, maybe reality itself, making the ultimate sacrifice to save the others. A hero’s death.
“He doesn’t work well with others, he’s always alone in his castle, you really wouldn’t want to have him in your court, and—"
“Good morning, my dear. A bit of a peculiar question, but are you by any chance in possession of half a song or poem? I am missing half of my paper, you see, I was careless with it the other day.”
Tony greeted Steve tiredly, not mentioning the dog. Had he talked to Jarvis about the dog? Or was he ignoring the problem in favour of drinking his coffee? Steve wasn’t awake enough to start guessing games. He accepted the cup of coffee Tony offered him, fried three eggs, gave one to Jarvis, and the other to Tony. They ate in silence, Tony clearly brooding, Steve trying to formulate a plan for the day.
“Tony sounds like a man who’s desperate to avoid any conflicts, since he sent you instead of going himself, since he doesn’t want to fight the Witch. You’ve told me he’s good at making spells and automatons, which shows his high intellect. He’s also cunning and smart, since he wanted you to criticize him in front of me. Furthermore, from what you’ve told me, he’s deeply empathetic and takes care of people in need. In short, he’s potent, smart, kind, and shrewd. I think that would make him an ideal fit for the position of court sorcerer, don’t you agree? Even if he clearly shows some reluctance to follow orders, with the right motivation, I think we can make it work. If he wants to avoid conflicts, he’ll have to agree that opposing me isn’t a wise decision. Thank you for your time, Mr. Rogers, it was very enlightening.”
He can’t feel his hands anymore. His legs. His neck. Part by part, they’re disappearing, and the ache with them. He’s almost free from everything.
—, emotional stress, and the physical exertion of swinging the pan was too much for Steve. His arms hurt, he felt like there was a weight on his chest, and he was almost positive that he’d sprained one of his wrists. He was
“We need to move as soon as possible. It’ll be taxing, but we don’t have a choice. Janet’s even stronger than I thought she’d be. I’ve never seen her grow like that before. I wish I could say that I won our fight, but honestly, I don’t know. I got some hits in, but she did too. She’ll be recovering in her own castle for now, which should give us time to relocate. I hope.”
Tony fell silent once again, gaze lost in the flames. Jarvis wasn’t talking either, shifting to the same desolate blue from when they’d found the mandrake root. Steve couldn’t bear to see them give up like this. He had to make Tony believe that he wasn’t helpless, that he could still change his fate.
Cap looked as gobsmacked as Tony. Multiple universes? Tony had never even thought of that possibility. This Reed fellow sounded like a very interesting man. But if Tony was from a different universe, then that meant that the key transported people from universe to universe, which wouldn’t really be useful for the army. It was a great discovery nonetheless. Tony wondered what the main differences between the universes were. He asked Stark.
“There is one thing the Witch of the Waste hates, and that is flowers. Janet loved them. When we were together, we bought this shed, and came here every spring to plant flowers. Her dream was to have this field conquer the desert, until there would only be a sea of flowers left. We were here when I understood that her heart had been taken over by evil. She always loved flowers, but that day, she was cutting them down, saying they were ugly and weak, that we were wasting our time, that we should let the desert reign. She wasn’t herself anymore. We ended our relationship right then, right here. She has come to despise flowers. I guess it reminds her too much of her old life. Of me.
It looked like fire demons were immune to Steve’s charm. He decided to do one of the things he was best at: digging his heels in.
As the minutes tick by, the smell of sweat impregnates the gym. It fills Tony’s nostrils, creeps into his mouth, stings his eyes. Steve’s smell and his own intermingle until they’re indistinguishable from one another, and Tony can barely keep from salivating. There’s no blood, thankfully. If there were, Tony is under no illusion that he wouldn’t lose his mind. He’s already high on the adrenaline rush. He’s already one inch away from jumping Steve and rutting mindlessly against him.
In the end, Gretl manages to bite the dust before Tony. And now he can’t let himself go, because there is a baby, and he promised to keep her safe. He puts her in his arms, near his skin, huddling for warmth.
“All right, all right, I get it, it wasn’t very glamorous. But I’ll accept the promotion, thank you. As long as it comes with a pay raise.”
Tony wasn’t beating around the bush, for once, even mentioning his failed attempt at courting Steve. He had a point, unfortunately. In those first few weeks, Steve hadn’t trusted him, had thought the worst of him. He’d even been happy that Tony didn’t seem to recognise him, because he’d been half afraid that Tony would eat his heart in retribution. It still didn’t excuse Tony, though. They had gotten along much better after a while, and Tony had had many opportunities to tell him, instead of keeping yet another secret.
Two clicks and three snaps later, Steve was feeling fresh as a daisy. The ache in his wrist was gone, his joints weren’t cracking ominously anymore, he could take a full breath again. He thanked Stark warmly, to which the man avoided his eyes and mumbled something about it being the least he could do. He looked Steve over one last time, visibly reassuring himself that he was fine, before retreating to the chair in front of the fire.
“I never laughed. Nothing about this is funny. Steve, I mean it when I say that I never wanted to wipe you. If it’d been up to me, we would have kept you with us, because you’re the one with the highest morals. And you were right, that day, when you told us we would lose sight of ourselves if we started thinking about the worst scenario, and that we would convince ourselves that it’s the lesser of two evils. And that’s exactly what happened. We—I built bombs. And I won’t say I would do anything differently, because I wouldn’t. I still believe that if it comes to that, the most ethical thing is to destroy a planet. Even if I won’t be able to look at myself in the mirror afterwards. Because it’s that or losing two entire universes. Trillions of lives, Steve. At such a scale, morality becomes irrelevant.”
“Good choice, this colour fits you well. But a little too simple for Witch Potts, maybe. Here, let me just…”
When Stark came back, Tony was in the middle of telling his adventure with Poseidon’s trident, Cap laughing and gasping at the right moments. Cap was with his back to the door, but Tony clearly saw how Stark stiffened when he saw them. He walked over a tad too forcefully and said:
He looked around, hoping that the mess in the kitchen might have magically vanished overnight, but to his disappointment, absolutely nothing had changed. He looked back to the fire and put another log in the flames. The fire demon seemed to wake up at that, the face forming once again and peering at him, almost in an analysing way.
Of course, he doesn’t, because there’s a bigger picture, because if saving their universe means alienating Steve, Tony won’t hesitate, even if it tears his heart apart.
Steve nodded, ears hot, and Stark waved at him. The next moment, the paint was gone, and Stark was sitting at the table, inviting Steve over.
He was halfway up when he felt something slip past his hip and onto the floor. When he looked back, half expecting to see a blob of Stark’s body (His hip? A part of his leg?), he was met with the sight of the soppy towel a few steps lower.
Their attacker is gone, the gun has disappeared. Sharon falls to her knees next to Tony, her eyes wide and glazed over.
Instead, Steve lets go of him, angry and bewildered, and starts pacing around the room. The mood has shifted once again, Tony’s unresponsiveness seeming to have propelled Steve in a state of confusion and hurt anger instead of all-consuming wrath.
Steve stood there as they sat down at the table, talking urgently about Ultr—Ultrosomething. Who was that? Was it even relevant to their current situation? And what was her connection to the Witch?
Steve is saying something to him, he thinks. It’s hard to hear. A soothing rumble. Tony imagines Steve tells him he’s okay, that it’s all going to be okay. There’s a spike of something in the back of his head, a muted panic. Tony smothers it. He shuts off the warnings from Extremis. He wants to enjoy this.
What happens when an idealist is faced with a hopeless situation? When, whatever he does, it’s so far out of his hands that he can only helplessly watch as the world burns around him?
Steve frogmarches Tony out of the workshop, and Tony pretends the words don’t hurt worse than his dislocated shoulder.
“I’m good, Jarvis, just didn’t think that her fire demon would be quite so powerful. I see you’re feeling better too. Now, what was I talking about…”
God, he was a different man when he had all his head. Steve was starting to see what had attracted Natasha. Funny, witty, a little jealous, and good-looking to boot? Steve didn’t know him well, but he could see Natasha falling for him. Tall, dark and mysterious, much? He was going to tease her so much when they met again.
The hand on his shoulder has him opening them again. Steve has lost the smile. He shakes Tony a little.
Steve collided with her, shield first. She was strong, but he was strong too, and he had the height advantage. He managed to throw her off her course, slamming her against the wall. She shrieked, spitting flames, the claws on her hand burning into Steve’s skin.
He turned to look at the fireplace, where Tony was sound asleep in his chair, his head dangerously close to Jarvis’ core. Jarvis was sleeping too, and when Steve looked at the door, it was closed, the circle on the green part.
He raised his hands to his helmet, clicked on a hidden button, and the helmet collapsed into the armour. Both Tony and Cap gasped at the sight that greeted them.
“And what I’m doing now is exactly what I was doing before. I’m doing what I believe is the right thing, and the right thing is not the same as what is best or most convenient for me, or what I would like to do. No. the right thing is to protect as many people as possible, to protect
Tony was on the floor, breathing too hard and too fast, scrambling to take off his tunic, likely needing to see the damage for himself. When he was bare-chested, Steve winced. Tony’s whole torso was full of the marks, a good deal of them marring his back as well, having reached well past his ribs. Several strands disappeared into Tony’s pants, others had started travelling down his arms. In the centre of his sternum, the marks were so dense that they looked like a black circle, as if there was a hole in Tony’s chest. It looked terrible.
With every finished piece, a fraction of his stress disappeared, until he felt like himself again. When he looked up, it was completely dark outside, the stars shining faintly. How long had he painted? He hadn’t realised, Jarvis had kept his room illuminated with a small floating flame. He heard the front door slam, and his heart lurched in his chest. Who—
He’s slept six hours this night. It’s a perfectly healthy amount of sleep for his new, improved body. Technically, he doesn’t even need to sleep. He scans himself, just to be sure. Nothing comes up: he’s fully rested, he doesn’t have any fever, he’s healthy. Of course he is. He has Extremis.
on you, Tony, it’s unbelievable. You truly think that you’ll be able to fix this on your own, don’t you? Creating this little secret group, convincing yourselves that six people can rule the world from the shadows. How is that working out for you, Tony? Did you solve the incursions yet? Or do you just bomb every earth that is unfortunate enough to cross your path. I don’t know what disgusts me more, you know. That you’re doing all this, or that you thought we could still stand side-by-side like you deserve it. I wouldn’t have thought you’d be the planet-killer type. But then again, I never thought you’d wipe my mind just because I was inconvenient either, so it shows what I know, huh?”
It would have annihilated every single effort and sacrifice that Tony has made to control the damage of the SHRA. The public would never have trusted Captain America, and consequently all superheroes, again. It would have destroyed them. Everything that Tony has worked so hard to prevent, would have happened.
She knew Stark? Steve looked at him. His face was blank for barely a moment, before he pasted on the most charming smile Steve had ever seen.
look like this. Besides, it was much too slim to fit any electronics or weapons, wasn’t fit for stealth, and seemed in general pretty useless for anything other than medieval fights. Even if Tony had heard of it, he wouldn’t consider it a threat. Which made the man’s behaviour highly suspicious. What was he hiding?
Tony cleared his throat, and Steve chuckled nervously. Tony clapped his hands together, affecting a jovial air that was obviously forced.
When he was outside, he took a moment to look at the place he’d lived in his whole life and would now leave for the first time in his life. He took a deep breath (it was shallower than he would have liked) and started his journey.
He flies slowly, almost hovers, as he exits the workshop. Steve is already marching towards him, scowl firmly set on his face, hands clenched at his sides. His gaze is fixed on the door, and Tony slips up and out of Steve’s view before the man can realise something is wrong. Tony rises, and rises, and suddenly he can’t fly further, suspended in mid-air, not even ten metres from the door. He can’t move at all, can’t fly further, can’t turn back, and the panic rises in his throat, because there is being stuck in a time loop and then there’s being stuck in a time loop in an enclosed space.
Steve had the vivid image of Jarvis’ vulnerable centre come to his mind and decided that enough was enough.
One of them was telling the others about the calamity she was sure was about to strike Brooklyne. She was loud, and Steve could hear everything she had to say.
She pushed into him, her hand ice-cold, so cold it felt like his bones were shattering. The icy feeling spread through his chest, then through his body, until he was surrounded by the cold. It was engulfing him completely, spreading inside and outside of him. He watched in horror as the ice bloomed on his skin, crystals unfurling and growing until he was covered in them, until he was covered in ice.
And Steve... Steve became Hydra, took over the country, and summoned Tony here. It's obvious that he needs Tony. What a pity that Tony doesn't need him back.
Steve picked one of the feathers from Tony’s hair. It was ink-black, shining and silky-smooth in his hand. He stroked it absent-mindedly. He wondered why Tony liked to turn himself into a raven. Of all animals, why this one?
Jarvis told him that Stark liked the freedom of not being part of any association or guild. He wanted to be able to live where he wanted, do what he wanted, and help those he wanted to help. He had chosen the port town, Porthaven, because it was one of the towns with the most people in need. All these poor people who Stark undercharged, they wouldn’t be alive if he hadn’t given them healing spells and food when he’d first arrived in town.
Tony came in soon after, his clothes rumpled, his eyes bloodshot, his steps fumbling. Had he…had he been drinking? On what was possibly his last night day on Earth? Had he given up?
Steve’s moved closer. He’s always so quiet, Tony would think he wasn’t in the room if it wasn’t for the soft breathing he can now hear over his head. It’s one thing that Tony’s always envied Steve. For all his strength and size, he can do stealth with the best of them. Tony doesn’t like stealth. He hides himself not behind silence and shadows, but behind words and masks. He’s never been silent. He doesn’t
“You wanted to walk all the way there? But that would have taken a day at least! Why didn’t you say anything? I could have taken you with me!”
What is done is done. Steve asked him if it was worth it, and Tony can say that it was. The war is over. Now that Steve has surrendered, other heroes will follow suit. Tony knows that half of them joined Steve because of who he was, and not necessarily because they believed in his cause. If Tony plays his cards well, the fighting will end within a month.
He does good as Iron Man, and that almost makes up for the fact that he’s a monster that doesn’t care who he kills.
“Exactly! That’s good! You can also mention my suits: I’m good with objects, automatons, armours, but not people.”
“I do. Natasha has been enjoying many visits lately, from a certain Mr. Hellrung, a very handsome and charming man. He’s smitten, that much is clear, and she enjoys the attention. Naturally, we all know who Hellrung
He stopped in front of a cottage; its bright yellow window shutters a charming touch to the white walls. It was idyllic.
He sounded hoarse. Tony shifted on his feet. Why was Iron Man insisting he wasn’t Tony Stark? It was getting really strange. He inched backwards just as Cap put himself between Iron Man and Tony and said lowly:
Steve had never heard of a wizard eating people’s hearts, but he knew that people like the Scarlet Witch or Doctor Doom were known for disregarding human life in their magical practices.
Steve rolled his head on his shoulders, stretched a bit, and stood up, only to fall back down in the chair when a sudden spell of dizziness hit him. He wasn’t feeling too well, he realised. Maybe he should take it easy.
Steve noticed that the backrest was groaning under his clenched hands. He released it, surprised when he saw that the wood was slightly cracked. Was the chair less sturdy than it looked?
Stark was gone at the moment; he wouldn’t miss a few sheets and a single charcoal stick. Before he could hesitate, Steve took them and hurried back to his room.
Stark and Jarvis looked at him with the same calculating gaze. There was a twinkle in Stark’s eye and his mouth curled up.
Why was she here? Was it just a coincidence? Did she know that Steve was here? Or was she looking for Tony?
The crowd is panicking, and for a terrifying instant he loses sight of Steve. Did the bullet hit him? Is it already over? Is anyone taking care of the sniper?
The front door rattled, a terrible scraping sound emanating from the other side, and before Steve could move, it slammed open, bouncing against the wall. A grey blur rushed in before Jarvis could blow the door closed again.
God, maybe she had come in and talked nonsense about the spell because she just wanted to see him. What if she’d fallen in love? What if she’d walked into the castle so easily because Tony had given her his permission, and that she’d been so insistent about waiting for him because she had fallen for Tony?
What do you say to your best-friend-turned-mortal-enemy in his last moments? What do you say to the man that you’ve loved for the better part of your adult life? Do you confess? Do you beg for forgiveness? Do you try to ease his worries? Do you offer him empty platitudes to make it hurt less?
Tony can’t bear to see the thinly veiled disgust he’s sure to find in Steve’s eyes. He looks down, to the side, settles on a point over Steve’s shoulder.
Jarvis was calling his name, had he been calling his name all this time? Steve stopped for a moment, but the room was still too neat, he didn’t care that he was destroying his own work, all the hours he had spent making it clean and orderly, he just wanted to
What should he do? How did he give Tony his heart back? Was there an incantation needed? Could Steve break the contract while both its signatories were unconscious? God, what was he supposed to
Stark’s “cowardice” had to be caused by the curse. Both him and Jarvis had known about it, and Stark’s solution had been to avoid the Witch, which explained why he was so reluctant to accept the King’s offer. Now that Steve thought of it, a lot of Stark’s behaviour could be explained by the curse. If the marks were connected to it, then Stark had known for quite some time. And that could be a reason as to why he was so fickle. If Steve knew his days were counted, wouldn’t he, too, want to spend as much as possible of them in good company? Or, at least, with beautiful people?
“Why are you trying so hard? Why don’t you give up? You’ll never break your curse, you’ll always keep this frail body, and one day a cold will kill you.”
Steve is marched out, head held high, amongst the jeers and shouts around him. Even shackled, he’s uncowed. Tony knows that Steve will fight with his words as good as he fought with his fists. He might be more deadly in a courtroom than on the streets.
“I—well—I mean. Yeah? Why not? You seemed glad to move back to Brooklyne, so why not take the opportunity to move into your shop? Then everything would be familiar to you, and we could combine my magic skills with your painting skills to make an even better shop.”
He made as if to leave the lab, but swayed back when Cap’s jaw clicked, a resigned tilt to his head.
—how could Stark live in such conditions, he wondered—some halls, and then there was a door with a gleaming handle but battered wood that wouldn’t open no matter how hard Steve pushed or pulled. He’d given up on opening that door after he realised that was most likely where Stark cast secret spells or did even worse things. Steve was just relieved that he hadn’t stumbled upon any corpses.
A highly fascinating conversation followed, where Stark avoided telling anything of political importance to Tony, but hinted at many technological advancements. Tony had a list of people he should look up, and new hopes for his heart. If the answer really was the pacemaker, Tony would be able to live without the constant fear of his heart giving out. He was also certain that the transistor technology held the secrets to making his own Iron Man armour. And what an armour it was! Tony couldn’t stop marveling at the smoothness of the movements. He laughed in excitement when Stark demonstrated its flying abilities. Cap was in the background, smiling happily at them both, content to listen to them talk, occasionally shooting thoughtful glances at Stark.
“Well, there’s not much I can do about that, I guess. Now to avoid any plants that could look like mandrakes.”
The flames shifted from orange to green to blue, the heat making Steve sweat. But he wasn’t going to let himself be intimidated like that. Regardless of his size, he wouldn’t back down from a fight.
He clenched his fists, his breathing picking up, his muscles bunching and tensing as he felt the anger sweep over him. But just as quick as he’d felt the rage strengthen him, he deflated, as he caught a glimpse of himself in the nearest window. It was ridiculous, really. He shrank down into himself again. She was dangerous, her magic abilities maybe higher than Tony’s, and even if she didn’t have any magic, she would still be able to fight him off, with the body he had. He wasn’t strong enough. He was just a weak little man, who couldn’t even help his friends properly. He gritted his teeth and walked away.
“We should go to Mr. Stark’s lab and check if he isn’t a Skrull or another shape-shifting alien, I’m glad that Mr. Fantastic gave me the detector last Thursday, and we should also check for magic—”
Steve steeled himself and put his foot on the first step. Immediately, he felt a current sweep through him, leaving his fingers tingling and toes curling. The stairs were imbued with magic, it was oozing off of them, and Steve started to believe there might be an undercurrent of truth to the rumours.
Tony. He stopped arguing, instead putting down ideas for what to do about Tony. They were now in deep conversation, bodies angled together, close enough for their shoulders to touch.
“She’s gone. We had a fight, we won. Her magic is still there though, as you must have noticed. I don’t know why, Tony hasn’t told me. Maybe he doesn’t know either.”
It’s Christmas, and he’s got something to celebrate. He’s toasting to the end of living. His end, to be exact.
Steve ran to his room, grabbed sheets of paper, and started painting furiously. He painted for hours, painted strong walls and fortresses and barriers and mountain ranges, anything that could symbolise protection. He painted Tony’s castle, surrounded by guarding knights, protected by Steve’s shield, safe behind a wall of armours like the one in the workshop.
He deactivates his suit when Steve punches him straight on the Repulsor Core One. To anyone, it’ll look like Steve broke his suit. After all, it’s happened before, right? Steve always manages to break Tony’s armours before he can seriously hurt him.
’s come near this town. If it was up to me, I’d send the soldiers to make him move away. Or even a sorcerer! Would that the Sorcerer Supreme hadn’t tried to pursue the Witch of the Waste! If she hadn’t killed him, we wouldn’t have to fear for our grandchildren.”
He was saved from coming up with something when the weredog—how could a dog be this silent, Steve wondered, this was the second time that he had completely forgotten about him—barked curtly, as if to remind them that he was there.
He put one arm behind Steve’s knees, the other under his shoulders, and lifted him. This was a quite familiar hold, although they had changed places this time.
You only know compromise, Steve told him. Well, compromise is better than being dead. Tony’s only alive because he compromised, so long ago, in that cave. He’s alive because he knows when to bend your head and find another way. Steve’s survived on stubbornness and principles alone. And sometimes even that wasn’t enough.
Miss O’Casta was at the door, a hopeful smile on her face. What did she want now? Steve scowled as he tried to listen to the conversation behind him. What where they saying about hearts?
The moment he kept the gauntlet on instead of sending it to decontamination along with the rest of the suit, he abandoned all pretence. The only thing that’s going to happen to that blood is that Tony is going to lick it up. Like a dog slobbering over a bone, Tony will lick his own hand, clean it up until there isn’t anything left. He thinks that if Steve were in his shoes, he’d do the same. Reason flies out of the window when super-soldier blood is involved. It’s there, it smells like addiction, and now Tony can get a taste. It will ruin him, ruin him for any blood other than Steve’s. Drinking animal blood is already disgusting enough as it is. When he gets his first taste of Steve’s blood, he won’t even be satisfied with regular human blood, he can feel it. It’s not enough of a deterrent to keep him from putting his mouth to his own wrist, in a parody of a kiss. He sucks, and the taste explodes on his tongue, in his mouth, behind his teeth. The high is instantaneous. He’s floating, or maybe he’s falling, his legs not strong enough to hold him upright. This is what absolute bliss feels like. Drugs, alcohol, sex have
He rises, slowly, lets his lips curve up in his best shark-sharp smile, his head tilt just that tiny bit upwards. The armour ripples around him, and he lets his canines show when one of the goons shuffles nervously backwards.
“Why aren’t you saying anything?” Steve explodes and grabs Tony by the collar. “Got nothing to say? Where are all the pretty lies now?
Steve didn’t know how long he’d been in the ice. Time had lost all meaning, turning to nothing. What good was it to feel the seconds pass if he couldn’t even move his chest enough to breathe? The cold was everywhere, invading his lungs, seeping into his bones. He could still feel his heartbeat, its sluggish rhythm the only thing breaking the monotony of his situation.
Why did he never think further than his own nose when it came to matters with Stark? First the thing about the money, then the hearts, and now this. It was as if any common sense leaked out of Steve’s ears as soon as Stark was involved.
The relieved smile on Tony’s face warmed Steve to his core. He couldn’t believe they were really doing this. He felt giddy, ready to take on the world with Tony at his side.
Oh. Well. Of course he would be worried, Steve worked for him, after all. If he was ill, he couldn’t cook or clean, could he? That was why Stark was worried. Naturally.
It was the man from two nights ago, the one who had saved Steve’s life. And who also was Stark, apparently.
Had Tony—had he left to go and see O’Casta? He’d been scared of the Witch, and instead of working on some way to keep her away, he’d gone to his latest infatuation?
It’s not as if there’s any doubt that he’s doing this. It’s surprisingly easy to set things up. Tamper a little with a few nerves, cancel Extremis’ reflexive countermeasures, overload his neurons, send a signal to his heart. His heart beats, strong, healthy, once, twice, and stops. Tony can almost feel the blood slowing to a halt in his veins.
Jarvis flared up briefly, and a loud noise came from the workshop before a dozen suits of armour burst into the kitchen, their palms and eyes glowing, ready to attack. Jocasta sneered as they converged around her, arms raised and poised to fire.
Steve was frozen in place, realising he’d made a mistake. It wasn’t that he thought Stark was capable of it, it was just that he didn’t understand what else could explain the lack of income.
A lot of things happened at the same time. Strange shouted something, Tony cried out and clutched at his chest, and the armours descended upon Steve, Strange, and Tony. In mere seconds, they were immobilised, the hard palms of the suits digging into their heads and chest.
“Here I was, talking to a beautiful redhead, when you send me a distress signal, and what do I see when I enter the castle? Rogers is throwing extremely dangerous spells around, and you’re attempting to
When he managed to get his breathing into order, he pushed himself up, and looked at the castle he’d gotten into. Broken into? It wasn’t very clear. For all he knew, the castle had let him in. In any case, he couldn’t see anyone else in the dimly lit lodgings.
He resolutely put his gaze on the staircase. He couldn’t start thinking along those lines if he wanted to help Stark. He needed all his strength to make it up the stairs. Stark was still moaning weakly, shuddering at random intervals, and almost unconscious now. He must have used a strong spell for it to have such an unpleasant effect when it was dispelled. Steve just hoped that Stark didn’t need that spell to stay alive. Jarvis didn’t seem too alarmed, so Steve decided he wouldn’t be either.
Tony was working himself up, still too pale, his hands still claws. His feathers were falling, but new ones were growing, Tony’s agitation proving too much for his health.
He was starting to hyperventilate, Tony struggling to keep him in human form, his teeth elongating, his hair growing. Steve had the vivid mental imagery of the fingers of the man’s left hand squeezing and clenching around—
Iron Man flinched slightly, got up, paced a little, then stopped dead in the center of the lab. He held his hands up, pleading.
Steve could argue that the mess was his fault too, for trying to catch a star, for running to Tony, for putting the idea into his head that he had to find him.
“Hello, dears. I was hoping to avoid a real fight, but the cat’s out of the bag now. Thank you for letting me in, Steve.”
He doesn’t need to get out of bed for most of his work anyway. Reading reports, responding to emails, working on designs, holding a teleconference, he can do all that in his mind. It would even save time. And, as an added bonus, no one needs to see him, and he doesn’t need to see anyone. They don’t like him anyway. Let them pretend that he isn’t the one in charge, that he’s insignificant. He’s doing everyone a favour by staying in bed.
He could activate his unibeam. He could shoot a missile in Steve’s face. He could raise his palms, put them on Steve’s ears, and scramble his brain. He could make his suits self-destruct and take the whole tower with him. He could surrender, ask for the help of the Avengers, try to stop the Illuminati from doing the unthinkable.
A tomato hits Steve’s jaw, the juice dripping onto his uniform. Steve doesn’t react. Tony forces the undersheath back under his skin. He will find the civilian later. Extremis recorded everything. He looks back to Steve, tries to read the slant of his eyebrows and the upwards tilt of his chin. Steve pauses mid-step.
Jarvis was exhausted, for some reason, he’d seemed better after the fight with the Witch, but now he looked almost as bad as Tony, flames flickering and ready to die at the smallest hint of wind. Steve and James were both cursed by the Witch, both of them having lost control of their body, albeit in a different way, and Tony was about to die at her hands.
There was a crack right in front of Steve’s face, and Steve didn’t know what to do with that. He’d been so sure that he would spend the rest of his existence in the ice, what was he supposed to do now? What if he couldn’t live without it? It had seeped into his pores, it was part of him now.
He grabbed the water kettle, satisfied that Jarvis had warmed it up, and put the coffee to brew. It took a while, but as soon as the smell indicated that the coffee was ready, Steve took the cup and walked down the stairs.
When he had some free time, he read books about fire demons and their magic. They varied in form and colour, had mysterious names, never lied. Steve was surprised to read that no one knew where they came from, because no one had found a fire demon that wasn’t tied to someone already, and the demons never spoke of their earlier lives.
It sounded a little too forced to be genuine. Cap didn’t notice, just smiled radiantly at Stark, and Stark instantly melted, any lingering annoyance (jealousy?) forgotten. He sidled up next to Cap, not so coincidentally putting himself between Cap and Tony. Tony didn’t say anything. It was amusing, to say the least. He knew how possessive he could get with the people he liked, and it seemed like that was a character trait that Stark shared with him.
“That’s horrible, Tony, but thank you for telling me. Do you—Is there any way of slowing down the progress? Can I help?”
He blinks, and Steve aims at his chest instead, likely to pin him to the ground. Just as he brings his arms down, one of the iron men is flung into his back, and he falls, and the edge of the shield slices neatly through Tony’s throat.
Steve looked up at Tony, who averted his gaze, cheeks rosy. Had he exerted himself by doing the spell?
Tony had spent years looking for Steve, just because Steve had accidentally travelled back in time to see Tony catch a star. Tony had been so young then, but he’d remembered Steve, even looked for him. But why? Why had Tony wanted to see Steve? Was it to know who he was? Was it to finally understand what Steve had been doing there? Was it for some other reason?
They danced around each other, Steve evading their attacks, but never managing to get in range to punch or kick them. They were skilled, even with their senses dulled by alcohol, and made sure to keep him far enough that they could reach him with their bayonets, but not so close that he could touch them. They hadn’t tried to shoot him yet, but Steve knew it was only a matter of time before one of them remembered they could kill him at a distance. His best chance was to run away, but during the scuffle, they had managed to crowd Steve into a dead-end. He was going to be trapped like a hare in a snare, ripe for the killing.
It looked like expensive cloth, but why would someone make a scarecrow wear that? Maybe it was something that had gone out of fashion. Steve had seen his fair share of perfectly functional clothes get discarded because they weren’t the right cut or colour anymore. That kind of waste always angered him. He had his own sewing kit, his mother had taught Natasha and him to mend his clothes, and that worked just fine.
He came back to the kitchen, slightly out of breath from his discovery, and stopped dead when he saw the curious disk next to the door. It was divided in four equal parts, each of them a different colour: red, blue, green, and black. The blue part was facing up, but you could turn the disk. Steve walked closer, an idea forming in his head. He turned the disk so that the red part was on top. He opened the door carefully. An automobile sped past him, and he saw the same banners and imposing buildings as he had seen through the windows. He startled as he saw the royal crest engraved on the pavement before him. Could it be—was this Ma’Hattan? Heart hammering, he closed the door again, not letting himself think too much about it. First, exploration, and then, freaking out about being this close to Magician Potts.
“Miss, please come back at a later time, or even better, Tony can visit you when he comes back. I don’t know when that’ll be, and I would hate to have you wait here for hours.”
Sulkily, Steve sat up on the couch, grabbing one of the cushions to prevent himself from making fists, and glared at Stark.
Tony nodded, thankful for the lie. Cap seemed like he wanted to believe him, but Iron Man wasn’t convinced. He started muttering about intruders again, and Cap shot him a chiding look.
Strange and James were both injured, Strange cradling one of his hands close to his chest, James holding a rag against his temple. Around them, the suits of armour lay unmoving, some of them destroyed, others unmarred.
He screams wordlessly as Steve yanks his wrist and pushes his elbow up, neatly dislocating his shoulder.
Tony never understood why Yinsen kept him alive. He had every reason to kill Tony, to let him die. Yinsen had lost everything because of Tony, and yet he saved his life. Tony’ll never know why Yinsen turned him. Sometimes he thinks it was to force him to deal with the consequences of the destruction he reaped. Sometimes he thinks that it was fate that put him there, under Yinsen’s teeth. Yinsen was the final step in Tony’s metamorphosis from genius child to Merchant of Death. Now Tony’s very being is centred around killing.
He thinks of the sneer on Steve’s face when they last spoke. He thinks of the defeated slump of Steve’s shoulders after Tony left. He thinks about hugs and clasped hands from a lifetime ago, of the sun playing with Steve’s hair, giving him a golden glow.
Sweat drops in Tony’s eye. He has minutes, maybe seconds, left, and he’s thinking about papers and public opinion. There is no future for him anymore, not this time. This isn’t a cosmic event, he isn’t the victim of a reality-rewriting villain. He’s going to bleed out on top of Steve, and they’ll both be gone.
“When I came home, and you were there, small, angry and afraid, I didn’t want to tell you I knew about the curse, because you had asked me to let you work for me, and if I had told you and accepted your request, you would have taken it as pity. I didn’t want you to think I was only letting you live with me because I felt bad for you or something like that, when it wasn’t the case. You earned your place here fair and square.”
“You’re not making sense, Iron Man. We looked him over, you saw that this is him. You’re not acting like yourself, Shellhead, what’s going on? Did something happen to you as well?”
The armour is still forming around him when he jumps between the attacker and Steve. Three shots ring in his ears, close and deadly.
The moment it registers, Tony makes a dash for his phone. It shows the time, 10:32, and tells Tony there’s three bars of signal, and Tony lets it drop from his hand, and laughs brightly. He turns to Steve, and Steve smiles at him, and they’re back, they’re out of the time loop, they’re
The warmth has spread to Tony’s fingertips, to his nose, to his toes. He’s safe here. Steve has him. Steve’s hand is a heavy, comforting weight on his chest. He’s so tired. Maybe he could sleep for a while, Steve wouldn’t mind. Steve always says Tony should sleep more.
“Well. This is embarrassing. I’m sorry for that tantrum down there. And… thank you for cleaning me up.”
“My daughter was walking with her friend when Stark approached them. He gave them his name, and charmed the friend, and they walked off together. The next day, she had disappeared. We still haven’t found her. Be careful, Steve.”
Each step upward was more difficult than the one before, but not physically. No, he felt himself grow strong and tall again as he walked and walked, his heart beating steadier, his breaths deep once more. But his resolve to continue climbing the steps was weakened, constantly attacked by malicious whispers.
“Why do the customers from the port pay so little? I know the spells and charms they buy should cost more, but every time I mention it to Stark, he evades the question. He can’t give them all discounts, can he? That just defeats the purpose of a business. How does he even get the money to buy all of the ingredients? Or his expensive clothes? Or his inventing material?”
The day was coming to an end, and now that Steve didn’t have to make spells and help customers anymore, he thought back to the mysterious spell of the day before. He hadn’t come any further, and Stark would more likely than not find the spell, since he was systematically going through the list of commissions and requests by their customers.
There’s something on the tar next to Tony. A charred bit of leather, the yellow reflecting the blaze. He touches it.
“You’re going to say that you’re one of my cousins. If he asks you why he hasn’t seen you before, just say that your mother was wed into the family not too long ago. My mother’s part of the family is so large that he should buy it. Anyways. You’re going to say that you’ve been spending some time with me, and that you decided to go in my place when you realised, I was going to avoid meeting him, like a coward. And then, you just need to tell bad stuff about me. Tell him that I eat hearts, tell him about my courting, uh, that I’m always blowing things up, that I’m hiding in my castle, anything! You just need to make it believable.”
Steve takes his head between his hands and brings him closer and Tony can’t help it, he glances at Steve’s lips, he doesn’t know what the fuck is happening, and Steve’s hand moves to cradle his jaw and he looks at Steve’s eyes and they’re cold as ice and the hands tighten around him and Steve snaps his neck.
“Iron Man, you told me this morning that Mr. Stark was gone on a business trip to California. Even if he could just drop everything and come over, it would take him hours. Why won’t you believe that someone messed with him and dumped him here? He’s right here!”
24 years into the future! This explained why he saw so many things that he couldn’t understand. He wanted to know everything, he itched to open up the Iron Man armours and reverse-engineer them. He wanted to ask what the hell the avengers were, and why Cap was dressed like a flag, and—
Tony’s in his workshop, and the door blasts inwards. There’s Steve, and he’s stock still, the fine tremors in his hands and his blazing eyes tell-tale signs that he’s beside himself with fury. Tony doesn’t know what he did this time, but if Steve took the Avengers with him, it must be something serious.
He felt a small surge of triumph as Tony lost his composure for a second. He’d clearly not anticipated the answer, that was neither accusing nor angry. Steve knew that Tony didn’t know what to think.
The whole situation was surreal. The man had just shown up, saved Steve, asked him out (maybe? Steve wasn’t so sure), then disappeared without letting Steve say a single word. Steve hadn’t even gotten his name, much less thanked him!
“Don’t say this as if everything that happened was bad. We’ve learned to know each other, you gave me this shield, Jarvis helped me to see Natasha, and you helped me every time I was sick or feeling ill. You gave me a home when I needed one, and I’ll be forever thankful for that. I don’t care about the curse, if this is what came out of it.”
He watched, awed, as the armour levitated out of the workshop, up to the kitchen, and out of the castle. Jarvis was still burning in the fireplace, sending him a full-body wave goodbye as a part of him took charge of the armour.
Steve, in a way? This Steve isn’t warped by Tony’s feelings or thoughts. This is Steve straight from Tony’s instinctual mind.
Steve reeled slightly from the amount of information he’d gotten. The Witch of the Waste had been a close friend of Tony’s? And her fire demon had turned her evil? Was Stark in danger of turning evil as well?
Why was the scarecrow here? Who knew what it wanted? Maybe it was haunted by a ghost? Maybe it needed help? Again?
He strained all he could against the armour, bringing his head back as violently as he could. It was enough to startle the armour into loosening its hold. Steve kicked himself free and dived for his shield. Jocasta whirled around, the heart still in her hand, and spit a stream of fire towards Steve. He managed to hide behind the shield, the heat so intense that he could feel his hair curl.
Stark looked at him, eyes wide, before clearing his throat and looking away. He gestured vaguely with his hands:
on this. His entire body sings with it. He could do anything, right this moment, he’s unstoppable. This, this is what Tony needs. This is what he craves. This is the only food that will truly, deeply, satisfy him. He can’t get enough. He laps at the gauntlet, on the palm, between the fingers, sucking them down to the knuckles. He cleans the gauntlet, uncaring of the dirt and dust that comes with the blood. The blood is all he can taste anyway. It fills him up, lifts him higher than he’s ever been. It’s everything he imagined it would be, and more.
It was shifting colour, the raven black bleeding out to leave a pale blond behind, which in turn darkened to an orange hue, which turned red, then purple, then blue, green, pink. It stayed pink for a while until it started darkening again until it reached a dark brown. All the while, Stark was moaning and shivering.
Steve’s gut sank like a stone when he saw that the creatures that were screaming and crawling around the rock were mermaids.
Steve knew how much healing spells cost, because he’d overheard some men comparing the prices of spells cast by different magicians. The cheapest one had been a silver coin, which was 12 times what Steve had gotten! This girl had robbed him, he was sure of it.
been a good idea. He rubbed his wrist, trying to warm it up a little, and hissed when he jostled it. Steve wasn’t making a very convincing point, was he? He didn’t know what kind of expression he was making, but the grimace that Stark made hinted that he’d let on more than he wanted. Stark gently pushed Steve down again, and Steve was too tired to protest. When he’d crouched down to Steve’s eye-level, Stark asked him, not ungently:
They walked out of the gym, Tony in the middle. He was a little annoyed to notice he was slightly shorter than Cap, with Iron Man being the tallest one. Tony shot quick glances at the armour, trying to figure out how Iron Man had fired those energy beams. There wasn’t any visible power source to the armour. No diesel motor, no steam, no battery. It looked just like a regular knight armour. Tony was baffled. What kind of superior technology did they have access to? This was years ahead of Tony’s own suit.
He sat back at the table, writing the rest of the letter. He wanted to see Natasha, but she shouldn’t come to the castle, it was too dangerous. He would have to travel to the Shield guild. But what if he came at the wrong time, just like during his last visit? He should ask Natasha to send him a letter back with a day and time they could meet at Shield.
Tony doesn’t know if Steve will be able to focus his anger at him, or if it will explode again, just as it has done before, and lead to another death.
He was trying to convince himself to drag Tony to the couch when the man in question awoke with a groan.
Steve takes the decision for him when he slams the shield into the repulsor core on his chest. It flickers, but Steve doesn’t see it, and smashes again, and the glass cracks. Steve has moved on to punching Tony, and is so focused on the faceplate that he doesn’t realise the core flickers again, and a particularly vicious punch creates a small short circuit that travels all the way to the damaged core.
“You’re all alone. Natasha has someone else now, Tony doesn’t love you, you don’t even have friends.”
. It’s not worth it. He can stay in bed. Just a day. His therapist told him he should listen to his body more, take a break. This is self-care, right?
Steve breaks the kiss and Tony realises he hasn’t breathed in too long and sucks in a breath. Steve is still looking at Tony, and suddenly Tony realises what just happened. He confessed his love to Steve and Steve didn’t kill him. Steve
Tony tried to hide his surprise. They both knew a Rhodey, but this one seemed to be part of the Air Force, no less. One of the men that got accepted into the Tuskegee airmen, maybe?
He was turning into human, by himself! Steve hurried over to him as he finished his transformation, panting from the effort. He was looking a little healthier than last time, Steve noticed. The food and water must have done good. Or maybe it was the sleeping. It didn’t really matter, though. Steve needed to know more about the man before he turned into a dog again.
Steve could understand his reasoning. But it didn’t explain why he’d been looking for Steve, or why the Witch had known about it. And thinking about it once more, the explanation that Steve had given himself wasn’t very satisfying.
Someone knocked on the door. Jarvis flared up and Steve ran to get his shield. Who could it be? Tony wouldn’t need to knock. Wouldn’t he?
They were going into that black void? It was a place? But why had Jarvis told Steve not to go there? And why was Stark so relaxed about it, when Steve had felt such malevolence coming from it?
Everything’s muted, the colours bleeding away. The world is turning grey, save for the vivid red of their blood mingling on Steve’s skin, and his blue, blue eyes.
He loses faith, is what happens. He becomes bitter and cynical and all his hope and belief is turned into rage and hate.
Steve rounds on him again, eyes wide and chest heaving, and he looks torn between punching Tony’s face in or running away.
Maybe they’ll be able to have a discussion. Maybe they can still make something useful out of this. Maybe, maybe, maybe.
Once upon a time, Tony thought he might have a chance with Steve. He had it all planned out: a quiet dinner out, a careful proposition, and hope. Hope that he hadn’t misread Steve’s smiles and glances and touches. Hope that it went both ways.
He walks past the mansion, by accident, or maybe not. He can’t look at it. He lived there, once. When he was still a hero. It’s home to other people now.
Steve always forgave Tony, but they never really recovered from the war, and the fissures left after Steve came back from the dead and Tony got rebooted never closed. Tony can almost hear them open wide, the cracks groaning as the fissures turn into faults, that turn into open maws that leave Steve and Tony on opposite sides, unable and unwilling to close the gap.
“The weredog turned into a man again today. His name is James. Maybe he can tell us more about the Witch and what she wants.”
But what he looked like didn’t matter. He was the eldest of the Rogers’, which meant he would always stay here, in his little house, sell his painting supplies, and maybe find someone to share his life with, most probably another eldest who couldn’t leave the town either. It wouldn’t be too bad, he reasoned. He had already spent 26 years in this town, why not his whole life? Either way, dwelling on his fate wouldn’t do him any good. He’d had the misfortune to be born as the oldest sibling, and there was nothing to be done about it.
Steve looked away when he saw that Stark was awake. He was inspecting his hands in silence, turning them this and that way, tracing the edges of cuts and burns. He sighed and looked up at Steve, sporting a crooked smile.
And wasn’t that the truth? There were still unaddressed questions, and secrets on both sides, but the more Steve learned to know Stark, the better they got along.
“I— Thanks. I feel a bit silly, now, keeping this to myself. I guess I was so used to the secret identity that I just never stopped. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you sooner.”
The marks. The curse had to have something to do with the marks, Steve was sure of it. But what kind of curse was it?
“Oh, I’m just looking for Tony, isn’t he here? I wanted to talk to him about the second verse of the poem.”
And if Steve survives, the Avengers will still have their leader. They’ll replace Tony with Rhodey, and they’ll still have all the funding they need. It’ll be fine.
There it was again, that cocky smirk, and Steve suddenly felt a lot less bad about assuming false things about Stark.
Steve is so close that Tony imagines his hair shifting slightly with the air coming out of Steve’s mouth. He can see Steve’s face clearly in his mind’s eye: the downward curve of his pale blond eyebrows, the slightly pursed lips, the long eyelashes framing his ocean-blue eyes. Maybe he’s crossing his arms, or maybe he has them on his hips, or on his belt. He’s wearing the uniform, of course. It’s the first thing he does when he wakes up: briefs, socks, uniform, boots. Gloves, if he needs to go outside. Cowl, if there’s a fight.
“I just, I don’t get you, Tony! I really don’t get what’s going on in your head. I really thought I did, during those last months, but it was all just a fucking lie and I can’t trust a single thing you say and I don’t know what I’m supposed to do and—did you laugh, when you told Strange to wipe me? Did you laugh, when you put me in my bed and then woke me up after I was having nightmares? I bet that was hilarious, watching me flounder around. Knowing I didn’t know what was really going on. I bet you must have felt real superior. Did it feel good, to do something behind my back? Are you that petty, Tony? That you can’t accept that I’m the head of SHIELD, so you go making your own group just to go behind my back? FUCK. This isn’t getting us ANYWHERE! AND STOP STARING AT ME LIKE THAT! SAY SOMETHING, GODDAMMIT!”
it be him, and he wanted to refuse? Was he out of his mind? There was no way Steve was helping him with that, anyway. Stark would just have to suck it up and do his duty.
“…I’m sure they’ll let you in once they know who you are. We just have to ask Steve, he’s the one in charge of protecting the castle—I know, I know, but he’ll listen if Tony asks him to—he’ll understand, he’s just fierce about—oh.”
Above the water, dark clouds were forming, hinting at a storm. The sky darkened, a distant rumble making itself heard. Both Tony and the Witch looked up at that, and suddenly their fight changed. The Witch seemed to disappear from an instant to the next, but Tony was still shooting blue energy into the seemingly empty air.
There were dozens of different kinds of flowers, all in different colours. They were beautiful, but the juxtaposition of the field and the desert struck Steve as unnatural. There was no gradual progression from one to the other.
Eventually, Steve found himself in the main hall, a cavernous space empty of everything save a black marble throne. On it, the Witch was sat, clad in a tight-fitting leather suit, in black and yellow. In any other situation, Steve would have called it tasteful clothing, but now, it only accentuated just who he had to face. Her insect wings were spread wide, and for a second Steve stared as they reflected the light in a shimmering rainbow.
Someone else is running towards Steve, a dark blur with the unmistakable metallic sheen of a gun in their hand. Here to finish the job, Tony understands. It was all a set-up, they’d planned for this, Tony never even suspected—
In those moments, Steve is his saving angel, always there to take care of Tony, silently standing by and protecting him. The angel Steve would never give up on Tony.
“I’m so sorry, it’s my fault this happened, if I’d fought more, I could have—I could have—should have just found a way to off m—”
As if she could hear his thoughts, Miss O’Casta stopped in front of a wooden drawer and picked up a piece of paper.
Steve was thrown backwards, hitting his head hard, his ears ringing from the deep thundering. When he got back up again, there was no trace of the Witch nor Tony in the skies.
He growled underneath his breath as he walked back to the kitchen. He didn’t want to do anything. He didn’t want to draw, he didn’t want to be in the shop, he just wanted Tony to be okay, but that was the
The guilty look the man shot him was answer enough. It didn’t make any sense. Steve knew that Tony could be serious if he wanted to, and everything pointed to him being utterly serious about the curse against his life. So why was he wasting time on courting a woman that wasn’t even interested in him?
It was unexpectedly light for its size, big enough to protect Steve if he crouched behind it. The material was nothing like Steve had felt or seen before. It was, without a doubt, a magical metal, its gleam just this side of unnatural. The strap on the backside fit perfectly, the leather supple yet sturdy. It was a work of art. Steve tilted the shield in the light, its silvery surface reflecting and spreading it.
Of course, that only meant that Steve had to open it. He was met with absolute darkness. It was suffocating, seeping into the castle through the open door, wrapping around Steve. It wanted him to step into it, so that it could swallow him whole, and it took every bit of his willpower to resist the temptation. He closed the door forcefully, taking several steps back, breathing hard.
That would make things easier. If neither Natasha nor Stark were seriously interested in each other, there wouldn’t be any hurt feelings when the courtship ended. Steve didn’t approve of Stark’s frivolous courting, but it was better than him loving his sister.
Cap just looked one second away from dragging Iron Man to the hospital. He shifted his weight slightly, and Tony wondered whether a fight was going to break loose.
The weredog stood up, sensing that they were talking about him, wary in his approach. Maybe Tony could help him, could lift his curse? Or find a way to make him turn back into a human, even just temporarily? There were still many questions left unanswered about the man.
He could pretend to be his own cousin, running the business while Steve Rogers was away on urgent business. His name couldn’t be Steve, though. Roger, maybe? Roger Stevens?
“If it’s only your heart that’s failing, then this should be enough to help you. It’s a small device that sends electrical impulses to your heart to keep it beating evenly. The problem with the repulsor pump is that it runs out of electricity, yeah? This here won’t have the same issue. This was never an option for me because of the shrapnel, but…”
The black door opened, and Steve turned to see if Tony had calmed down somewhat, ready to tell him about James. But it wasn’t Tony that entered the castle, it was miss O’Casta. How had she come in? And from the black door, too. Wasn’t there a spell to prevent any intruders? Maybe she didn’t count, since she wasn’t malevolent?
Or did she decide to vent her frustration on Steve? Just because Tony had propositioned him? That was messed up.
He spoke with less difficulty, seemed less pained. Tony’s magic must be helping him, Steve noted with satisfaction.
“You’ll be the one to dissuade him! You can go in my stead, pretend you’re my cousin or something, and then you can tell him exactly why I’m not suitable for the position! You can just say mean stuff about me. Oh, yes! Tell him I eat people’s hearts! That should do the trick!”
Tony carried the other vase and followed Steve into the shop, where he helped him make the last adjustments. He added a touch of magic here and there: the flowers would stay fresh, he assured Steve, and he put small blue fires in the lamps. It gave the shop an ethereal feel, with blue as the only light source, but Steve thought it would look good in broad daylight.
