“I love you, Tony,” Steve swears.
Steve walks forward, stops until he’s standing right in front of Stone. He fists a hand in his hair, pulling his head back sharply, his gloves slipping against the silk-like strands.
, and the fact that I splayed myself out like a whore on our bed, and the fucking role play so you could feel like more of a man, so you could get what you wanted at home instead of getting it from somewhere else, so you’d come
Square Filled: T3 - Kink: Spanking
Steve swallows another gulp of his wine, before putting it back on the table. “Should I be?”
“I thought I could be cold enough to do it, that I could channel all the hurt and the rage and the betrayal, and just-”
“We can do this,” he says, after a moment, gravely. “It’ll work. I… have to believe that it’ll work.”
Peggy shakes her head. “With respect, sir, I don’t regret my actions. And I doubt Captain Rogers did, either.”
Tony rounds on him, his hand on his hip. “Okay, did you just call me Mr Big Brain and then expect me to take you seriously after that?” he asks, quietly.
She’d fallen asleep on the drive back, as had Peter, and so it’s easy enough for Tony and Steve to tuck both the children into the beds, run their hands over their hair as a way of reminding themselves that they’re still here, that they’re safe and alive and they can comfort themselves with the belief that even though today was traumatic for them, they’ll grow and heal from this.
“They were throwing me around like a rag doll,” Tony gasps, his throat aching. “They must have switched the baskets.”
Abraham rushes to the window, but he can’t see Steve through with the force of the glow from the vita rays either.
James stares up at him in widened, obscene awe, his assassin skills completely useless to him, with Tony moving atop him in sinuous grace. Tony’s hands grip him by the shoulders, his nails digging into his skin, and he rises and falls, clenching around his cock, and with this knew angle, he’s filling Tony deeper, rougher, and the throbbing in Tony’s belly changes, grows tighter, as he approaches that edge.
Pepper, on the other hand, is perfectly single.
“The guy didn’t let it go at that point; he said: ‘Maybe you should make me, dude,’ and laughed, like he was fucking Jay Leno. Steve just raised one of his eyebrows and picked the guy bodily up by the collar, and wow, was that one of the hottest things I’ve ever seen, his muscles flexing under his leather jacket, and I looked up from my bottle of tequila just to watch the alpha-male anthropological study in front of me. Steve, he told the guy, super calm, like he was discussing the weather, that he would beat his ass into the wall, and the frat boy quite literally start squealing like a fucking stuck pig, thrashing in mid-air against the grip that Steve had against his collar.”
“I saw those photos on the table, and I know how it must look.” James hesitates. “Tony told me that he told you about… before, about MIT.”
me, okay, you jerk. You
Barnes’s eyes widen. He straightens, even if there is exhaustion lining his voice and his shoulders.
Tony curls his hand around the pendant.
Tony would pull him closer if he could use his hands, but it’s such a sudden rush of warmth that Tony abruptly feels like crying himself, feels like he could live in this moment forever – but that’s not an option.
to see her, wearing that necklace, touching you the way she was. She wanted to prove a point. She wanted to prove to you that she could do this, muddle up business and pleasure wherever she pleases, and she wanted to prove to me that she had a hand on you.”
“I know, I know,” he soothes.
“I’d never stop,” Steve’s voice turns rough, “I never want to stop, I never want to move from this couch.”
“Oh, my God, oh, my God,” he stammers, fisting his hand in his hair, before he realises that his hands are drenched in blood,
Steve stares at him, all soulful. “I can only say I’m sorry so many times.”
Tony’s throat flexes, and he folds his hands in his lap.
“My childhood wasn’t friendly,” Tony says, honestly, trusting in the Non-Disclosure Agreement that he had insisted upon when it was time for Peter and Maushmi to go to school. “It was… I was quiet, I didn’t have many friends, just one or two, maybe, who grew up in the same way that I did. The rich… I mean, high society, it’s its own dystopian universe. I was quiet, didn’t speak up much, and when I did speak up, it was…”
Tony shrugs. “There are very few things that an omega like me can busy his time with, Steve,” he demurs. “I can assure that the things that I do enjoy doing are not things that you would ever approve of.”
in childish lettering.
, he thinks, dully, at the back of his mind.
Steve nods to himself, and there’s a certain lightness to his being that Tony attributes to his acceptance.
Once the children are clothed and their hair is brushed, and Maushmi had asked for a French braid today and she’d wanted to wear the extra-special pink tulle dress he’d bought for a Princess birthday party she has to go for in two weekends, so that took a lot longer than he’d been expecting, especially dealing with the threat of tears from his daughter when she doesn’t get her way, he looks at his watch and it reads 8:10AM.
. When he died, the
Eshe sighs, heavily.
He bows. “Lord Steven.”
“I’m not going to get mad at you,” she says, lightly.
“Up to the bedroom,” Tony drawls.
Steve nods, a smile playing across his mouth. “Yeah, you, uh, when we were kids, we used to go to this bakery-”
“Can’t you just send the others, though?” Toni complains. “I mean, there’s four of them; can’t they handle it? And you have other guys too.”
“Yes,” James replies, honestly.
who’s…”
“Things sort of devolve from there. We don’t… talk much anymore; we don’t spend much time together. He leaves super early in the morning and doesn’t come home until it’s midnight. We’re definitely not having sex. He runs to catch every single phone call like he’s scared I’ll listen in. Once I did, and he was having a very suspicious conversation with the redhead about having to go away and how I couldn’t know what was going on. And then, she shows up at my door, with takeout, telling me that Steve can’t make it away from the office, and that she wants to help me with my marriage.”
James rolls his eyes. “Okay, you don’t get to talk; you wear diamonds in your ears,” he flings back.
“And you lied that day in the café, when you told us that Pepper needed you because of some clusterfuck at Stark Industries,” Steve goes onto say, flatly.
Tony smooths back Steve’s hair, especially when he noses at the dip between his thigh and groin, at the thatch of dark pubic hair at the base of his cock. He sucks in a deep breath, when Steve wraps his hand around his cock.
James lifts his hands, upturned palms to mean surrender.
“Well, then, I’m sure they’ll tell you what they’d like for you to call them,” she offers. She hesitates. “Would it bother you a lot if you couldn’t call them Daddy?”
“Yeah, and frankly, no one would blame you for having either considering your husband can barely stay at home longer than six fucking hours!”
. Tony worries his teeth on his lower lip.
“Tony–”
“Come to my house for dinner. This is me inviting you,” he says, firmly.
Tony startles at being included in that.
Steve’s face is solemn, strained. “You said that you could see yourself forgiving what I did,” he says, quietly.
He gets his legs out of the cockpit, and somehow, he manages to plant his feet on the front of the plane with a little solidity.
Tony goes silent.
“Thank God for small mercies,” Tony retorts, grinning. “I love you,” he says, softly. “Thank you for fighting with me.”
Six weeks later, after Tony is released from the clutch of his medical professionals, Steve comes to him at his new lake house, and all he’s missing is the hat that he’d be holding in his hands, when Tony opens the door.
She releases his hands.
“You know,” Tony stretches out like a cat, watches how Steve and James’ eyes track his every move, drag hot across the entire length of his body.
, he thinks, peering at Steve’s open, honest face.
The next morning is an exercise of forced calm. Tony wakes up with a crick in his neck from the unfamiliar, too-soft bed underneath him, the voluminous pillows that no guest would dare sleep with dragging the air from his lungs, as he desperately tries to breathe.
“Just thinkin’ about somethin’,” Steve replies, his voice soft, as he presses a kiss to the crown of her head. “Did I wake you?”
“Yeah. It’s called winning the war.”
“You don’t want that to happen, do you?” he asks, in a small voice. “Think of how sad your Daddy and I would be if you went away.”
“We love him, not just as your son, but ours as well. He’s
“Mouse didn’t like it, yesterday morning, when she saw me come out of the guest room,” Tony says, quietly. “She blamed me; she was more concerned about her Daddy sleeping alone than me. She even apologised to him on my behalf.”
A hand fists in Tony’s hair, yanking at the strands until there are tears in Tony’s eyes.
to do that, he didn’t want to do any of it,” Tony defends. “He was forced into it.”
“Okay, then,” Steve climbs to his feet, uncaring whether his cock is hanging out of his slacks. “Get on the bed,” he says, his voice brooking no argument.
He loves Steve, he knows that in his bones.
Tony slants a disbelieving glare over Maushmi’s shoulder at him.
Steve rounds on him. “But if you know where they are–”
Steve hums. “Yes, of course.”
“Let it Be,” Peter says, promptly.
“Don’t run,” Steve calls out from the stove, and Tony lifts the twins up into his arms.
James quirks an eyebrow up. “What, you think I just suddenly came up to your door without doing a little reconnaissance first? What do I fucking look like to you, an amateur?”
Finally, Tony releases him, and Steve looks at him, a dark look in his eyes.
“Yeah, well, too bad, you’re going to eat it, or I’m going to sell all your toys.”
Each night, he dreams of Steve, the time they spent together in New York, wrapped up in each other, bodies pressed together, naked and hungry and warm, and everything is perfect, everything is what he wants, and when he wakes up, he remembers that Steve isn’t there, that Steve is missing, that Steve might be dead, and he’s vomiting all over again.
, and you either didn’t realise it and instead, decided that my feelings for you weren’t as good or as effusive as yours, or you
“And I am Iron Man,” he says and snaps his fingers.
“Well, yeah,” Natasha says, slowly.
“No,” he says, carefully. “No, I am not.”
on my own. Not that you ever responded to anything that I did,” Tony mutters under his breath. “And then, shit spiralled out of control, and I was trying desperately to keep you in the house let alone in my fucking bed every night, so it didn’t really work out well. And then, fucking Natasha,” he spits. “Fucking Natasha and her stupid smiles and the stupid way that she touched you and the fucking nerve of her to show up at my door and give me marriage advice, and I was so sure that you were fucking her.”
?” he clarifies.
“I love you,” he manages to say.
He returns, his face marginally cleaner than it was before, showing his handsome face.
A shock of dark auburn hair, big, green eyes, sly and cat-like, figure slender, hips wide, and breasts heavy (clearly, she didn’t spend her days running after two children), and the knowing look in her eyes, aware of how beautiful she is and how she can use that to her benefit.
Tony’s grin splits his face in half. “Awesome, let me grab my wallet and–”
Tony eyes her, carefully. “So, he didn’t die after all? James didn’t… he didn’t die?”
, because he’s dead.”
Ship/Main Pairing: Tony/Steve
Written for the "Punish Your Friend for Failure" square (O1) for the STB Bingo.
“I don’t know. Something to do with a man named Obie.”
like Ty-”
But somehow this feels filthier, knowing that James is still lingering in the doorway, lost as he’s never been, and Tony’s jittery in his skin, not knowing who to be loyal to, not knowing who is loyal to him, after everything that’s been confessed and realised today.
Fear curdles in his chest, and he backs away, something lodged in his throat. He edges into a stairwell and looks down, seeing a strange orange light dancing that makes him think that there’s a fire somewhere down there.
Peter’s brow furrows. “What’s that mean? Adopt?”
Natasha rolls her eyes, switches on the television at the power point, and flicks the screen over to Netflix, so that they can start the first episode of Tiny Pretty Things.
“You’re sure about this?” he asks, in a low, rushed voice. “You’re sure? Because the way you sound, you sound like you’re afraid of this guy, of what he’ll do to you, and it’s making me think that he’s one of those possessive jackasses who might lock you up in an ivory tower to keep you from cheating on him.”
She tangles her hands with Bucky and Steve and leads them away to a corner where they can speak privately.
“No,” Tony says, his voice still maintaining its iciness. “Once I reversed the connection on the devices, I handed them back to James, and he took them home with him. I didn’t have anything to do with it after that one time in the park.”
“Eat your cereal,” Tony says, sternly. “I’ll be right back.”
Sam snorts. “Oh, yeah, you do. But his situation is very different, you realise that, don’t you?”
“That’s what this is about, huh? Toni and the stories she likes to tell. Look, maybe this is difficult to hear and all, because you’re new to Toni’s game, but this is what Toni is. She likes it. She likes it rough; she always has, and she always will.”
Out of the corner of his eye, he sees a Nazi take off after him. Tony runs along an alleyway and soon encounters a wall, looking around five-foot-tall.
“They’re at school,” Tony says, quickly, not wanting to encourage any sort of conversation about his children.
All of their hands are interlinked, and there’s a bright sun taking up most of the upper corner with a blue sky and clouds and a messy sketch of a house in the background and grass at the bottom with flowers.
“No, it’s–” Tony stops speaking.
“Mental health is not an imperfection.”
. There wasn’t anything that was going on. And I guess, I just… I haven’t seen him so long,” he whispers, rubbing the heels of his hands over his sore eyes. “Not since before you and me, we met, and he… he hurt me,” he says, honestly. “I loved him.”
Tony lifts an eyebrow. “Why are you sorry?”
Jarvis nods at Tony’s midriff, and when he looks down, there’s a knot lodging in his throat, because there are four, long slashes up his shirt, cut as though they came from a surgeon.
“Oh,” Peter says, lamely.
“He’s the best guy there,” Nat says, practically gushing, brimming with affection. “Everyone absolutely adores him.”
“Hey, don’t look at me. Look at
“Sorry for bothering you. I’ll let you get back to whatever you were doing,” he says, quickly, and hightails back to the car, something anxious fluttering around in his chest.
“I’m your
It satisfies him, to see Steve like this, to see Steve feel a fraction of what Tony has felt over the last few months, because Steve will never understand, will never understand what he has put Tony through, without feeling this fear, this hurt, this gut-wrenching awareness that
“You haven’t even heard what it is,” Tony complains.
So, maybe, one day.
Toni makes a face. “Not too bad. The board members are still trying to convince me about meeting with Ty tomorrow, so, that was a pain in my ass, but luckily, Pepper got me out of that conference room before I started throwing my heels at them. A second time,” she amends.
Tony scowls. “I grew up with him. The least that I could do for him is to attend his funeral. He’s my oldest friend, my first boyfriend, my first lover, my first everything. I loved him once, I’ll always love him.”
“To be fair, my kids have already met you,” Tony points out. “And they already blabbed to my husband.”
He’d felt abominably shameful for it, though, and he’d made a real effort to change, but every now and then, he has the sudden urge to scream out a list of swears.
“Tony, receive this ring as a sign of my love and fidelity,” Steve says, gravely, “in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit.”
“You’re sorry,” Tony says, carefully.
He ambles forward and then, suddenly, without warning, he’s lifting Tony up into the air, despite Tony’s high-pitched, short yelp.
“Why would it be a stupid reason?” James asks, gaping at him in disbelief.
Tony runs for it again. The hall monitor staggers up behind him, bleeding profusely from his eyes and ears.
tell me that I’ve got it all wrong because I’m driving myself fucking crazy thinking what I’m thinking.”
“I don’t know, I just hear screaming. One of them’s gone insane!”
Tony doesn’t have anything to say after that, because, while it is not the thing he should say as a highborn omega, he doesn’t want to comfort Steve, to understand his loss, only because it’s Grant, because Grant was a monster, and he doesn’t want to think of anyone that might have actually loved him.
, before realisation dawns in his pale eyes, and his eyes widen comically.
Tony wraps his arms around himself. “Yeah, sure,” he says, quietly.
“Planetarium,” Peter says, solemnly.
,” he says through gritted teeth. “It would be immoral?”
“Wow, are you finally realising that it’s not all Twister and chocolate milk when it comes to raising two kids?”
Caroline’s face turns into an almost sympathetic expression. “That must be so hard,” she muses. “Having to do this all alone. I guess it’s good that you can go straight home after this, you don’t have to go to work. I can’t imagine what it’s like having to take care of one kid alone, let alone two, and you being a man too.”
Peter gnaws on his lower lip.
“The bar’s closed,” Tony replies, pleasantly.
Steve’s throat flexes. “I can see that.”
“Yes, Jarvis. Yes, Jarvis. Yes, Jarvis,” Tony deadpans.
“Fuck,” Tony groans and covers his face with his arm.
“You promise?” he can’t help but ask, his voice pleading and pained.
Steve hums, watching him from beneath hooded eyes. “Good boy,” he drawls, dragging his thumb over his lower lip. “You’re always such a good boy for me, Tony.”
Peter chews on his lower lip. “But you shouldn’t have to
“Yeah, that’s what I thought,” James says, satisfied. “Bit strange from someone with my backstory and rap sheet, wouldn’t you think? I’m sure you people were expecting bodies to pile up all over the place. After all,” his mouth twists, unpleasantly, “I’m just a fucking wind-up monkey for HYDRA. No thoughts in my brain, and I just do whatever the fuck they want me to do. They point, and I shoot, right?”
Tony feels his skin heat up under Steve’s praise, and he clears his throat in an attempt to seem indifferent. “You’re heading to second base. That’s not how making out on the couch like teenagers works,” he chides, gently.
“It sounded like quite a dream,” he says, his voice caged.
“Tony,” comes the distant voice again.
“But the gun-”
Finally, Steve returns and climbs back on the bed. Tony hears the shutter of the camera and he clenches down again, with a low, keening whine at the back of his throat.
He kisses Steve, and there are cheers around them, and Rhodey’s crying, and Tony and Steve are married.
Tony lurches to his feet, pacing, and Steve falls onto his ass in front of him in surprise.
“You think I did it, don’t you?” Natasha mutters.
“What?” he says, breathlessly, feeling naked in full view of Steve’s disdain.
Phillips looks at Tony. “I can’t touch you. You’re a civilian, and your father is the military’s number one weapons contractor.” He turns to Peggy. “You are neither.”
“I am,” Steve says, honestly, and he’s grateful for that, grateful that he’s not willing to lie to him on this. “I have been in love with Bucky for as long as I knew what love is.”
Tony cracks a smile and ducks his head, almost swaying towards him.
“Fuck no,” Tony spits. “You think I’m going to tell four-year-olds how unhappy I am in our marriage. Children aren’t idiots, Steve. They see things; they hear things; they sense things. They can see that we’re not normal, that we’re not like other married couples, that we don’t spend any time together.”
, but it was necessary for him to fly down in an arc and land on the ground, in front of Steve, just as Natasha climbs to her feet and rushes over.
, I’m here.”
Sam lifts an eyebrow. “Is James in love with you?”
“And I do have a job,” Tony reminds her, slyly. “I can’t believe that you forgot that I was the CEO and Chairman of the Board for a multi-billion-dollar company.”
“And that’s suddenly a bad thing?” Steve demands. “For me to do that? We’re fucking married, Tony.”
Tony makes a muffled noise of surprise, but he winds his hand into Steve’s dirty-blonde hair, pulling him closer, and Steve groans, groans like he’s dying like he’s thought of nothing more than this.
“Okay, so, I would suggest against introducing him as anything more than a friend until the three of you are stable in your relationship, just to do away with any sort of, uh, possible breakdown in the relationship. He can be a friend for now; let the kids get used to him and used to the new presence in their lives, and let James get used to them as well, before you say that he’s anything more. James being ready for this sort of commitment is also important. I’d… like once the three of you have that conversation, to come and see me, talk with me about what’s going on, not like I’m keeping tabs on you, but these relationships can be difficult to manoeuvre, and you have children, and that is not a complication, of course, but it’s something else for the three of you to think about, both individually and together.”
“Because I thought I could bring you something to eat. I know…” Steve’s expression shadows, and he drags his hand over his face. “I know things between us aren’t great. I know that… I know that I’ve fucked up with you more times than I can count. I just… I want to, I want to talk. Can we just
Tony reaches across the twin beds and flicks her nose, making her giggle loud and bright.
Dr. Zola eyes Rumlow, and then, the chest containing the gem. He lowers the pistol, motions for the Nazis to take Tony out ahead of him. Tony finds himself being dragged backward, only stopping when Rumlow speaks.
“He’s my husband, he loves me,” Tony replies, lamely.
He puts a hand on Steve’s cock, feels it firm up between his fingers, now that Steve was calm, was breathing at a steady pace, but he only gets to about half-hardness, still flagging every other moment – no matter, Tony’s been with enough people with penises to know exactly how to do this, and had struggled with his own erectile dysfunction in previous years to know exactly how to make someone come even with a soft cock.
Tony gnaws on his lower lip. “What will you do to me now?”
“Don’t you dare fucking move,” he tells him. “You keep spreading it okay. I’m not done looking my fill.”
. He opens the door, and a set of stairs plunge down into darkness. Tony fumbles for a light switch, flips it on.
The numbers are clear.
Between the three of them, they decide on the ocean that Tony’s mansion had overlooked in Malibu – it was the beginning of Tony in so many ways; it seems fitting that the ending for him would be there too.
Instead, Lord Steven tends to the fire, even as Tony climbs under the sheets, turns onto his side, and closes his eyes.
Steve runs his tongue between the seam of his lips. “I can deal with that.”
life. I’m sorry.
Once the kids become accustomed to the new presence in their family, the next hurdle seems to be everyone else outside.
He skirts around Tony, avoiding him like he has the plague, and when he’s out the bedroom door, Tony lets his face crumple, lets himself hold onto the doorframe, clutching onto it for dear life, breathing hard like his lungs aren’t working, burning at the seams.
It hurts, but he’s fine.
Medics rush in to help the POWs.
“Which you are not denying?”
Tony wobbles to his feet, and that’s when he sees what Steve can see: Pepper in the centre of a ravaged bed, unmistakeably and utterly dead, her eyes cold, covered in blood, from head to toe, in her bright red hair, between her toes, all over her front, her pale blue eyes open and blank.
He makes to leave, to push past James, but James slides forward, his bulk becoming a stone wall that Tony can’t cross.
“No, no, you’re wrong. He’s alive,” he says, fear mounting in him, as his resolve fails him.
“Yeah, that sounds right,” Steve says, stiffly.
“Yep,” Tony says, awkwardly. “So, the next morning, he was gone.”
They take the kids to the planetarium after breakfast, and they’re both suitably impressed and awed, especially when they do the show, and all the lights go out, and the holograms of all the planets rise into the air.
Out of both of his children, he thinks she’s more likely to react badly; above all else, she is attached to the idea that Tony and Steve stay together, the first to assure Steve that Tony wouldn’t do anything that would throw wrenches and spanners into their marriage, the first to ask Tony, almost terrified, of whether he and Steve are getting a divorce.
“Hi,” James says, shyly, scuffing his foot against the porch.
Tony makes his way into the kitchen and he pours oil into the wok, getting the fire underneath started. He gets started on the vegetables: baby corn and mushrooms and broccoli and red bell peppers and bok choy and cabbage and asparagus and garlic and ginger.
Tony’s arm curves in a wide arc. “As you can see, I’m doing great,” he says, dryly.
“And this–this is for me.”
“You’re a billionaire. I’m sure that you can afford a new one,” Steve says, matter-of-factly, brushing Tony’s hair out of his eyes.
“Yeah?” Steve says in a small voice.
James nods.
about her before. He doesn’t…” he swallows hard. “He doesn’t tell me much about work,” he says, shamefully. “He doesn’t tell me about what happens there or about his colleagues, so when I saw her, when I realised he worked with someone who looks like her, and she’s beautiful, James, she’s so fucking beautiful, I realised that maybe the reason why he’s been so unavailable and distracted and… acting like he’s not in love with me anymore, is because of
“I bought some lingerie,” Tony admits, grudgingly. “And maybe some toys.”
It’s a medley of fresh colour in the pan, and the smell overtakes him, making the hairs on his arm stand on end, when he adds the sambal paste and the salt.
Tony clears his throat. “I’m glad.”
Steve clutches at him close. “That’s because they’re fucking idiots,” he mutters.
When he turns around, he sees a wall of dirty canvas sheets, and someone tearing through them, a shoulder jutting through the slit. Long curved fingernails, like knives attached to a hand, punch through the sheet, glinting in the red light that hangs overhead, like a knife through skin.
“It’s okay, Daddy, we brought Appa back to you,” she explains, innocuously.
Tony takes a deep breath and without another word, he closes his phones, puts it away, and then, turns off the light.
“You sure as hell owe me plenty,” Tony retorts.
“And my mother?” Tony snaps at him. “Was she an acceptable casualty in yours and my father’s stupid adventure craze?”
There’s a pause when Tony doesn’t say anything.
“You just said-”
Tony has the sudden urge to run out of the room, to hide his face and to leave with a resounding
beautiful–”
Natasha lifts her eyebrow. “You do remember that you are a veritable maths genius, right? Couldn’t you just help him with the test?”
“No,” Tony snaps.
Steve runs his hand over his face. “I don’t know what you want to me to say, Tony,” he says, wearily, like it’s Tony who’s burdening him. “Maybe, if you want, you can take your plastic friend into one of the guest rooms and take care of yourself? I don’t know what to say, and frankly, I wouldn’t blame you.”
Tony chews on his lower lip. “He can keep fucking her,” he says, dully, aware of how awful and self-flagellating and unhealthy it sounds, “he can keep fucking her, and I won’t say a thing. I just… I want him to come home to me and to the kids. If he does that, he can go out the door and do whatever he likes.”
“Tony,” Steve says, softly.
Tony claps him on the shoulder, ignoring the brief hesitation that rises up into his throat. “They’re four, Steve. They don’t have enough sophisticated palates that would allow them to tell the difference between authentic, Italian-made pizza and the stupid, café version.”
“I like Steve and Bucky,” Peter says, earnestly. “They like me too, don’t they?”
Peter gnaws on his nails, a habit that he picked up from Tony, and he peers up at James with wide eyes, but interested eyes.
Tony nods. “That’s a different story. Not relevant to our current predicament. Go on, Bhim. I know the overall story, but not the details.”
“I did,” Peter replies, high and haughty. “Is that a problem?”
Tony’s hands tighten around the handle, feeling the wooden shaft rub against his palms.
“Not one that has been good to you,” Steve says, firmly. “Now, tell me.””
He starts dragging Tony out bodily, even as he struggles.
“What the fuck happened to you?” Tony exclaims.
“Good?” he clarifies.
; why won’t they let him breathe?
“Will you sing to us?” Maushmi asks, plaintively.
In Tony’s hand is a single tissue, pulled from the box, and between his fingers, he starts shredding it into long, thin strips.
“Steve, nothing about you has really changed.”
The chase is short and pitifully unmatched. Natasha is put in handcuffs, escorted to the nearest police car. One of the police officers holds up a knife they’d clearly snatched off Natasha’s person in the air for Coulson to see.
Steve stares at him, his pupils blown black, and Tony knows, he just knows that Steve can smell him, smell his scent which is flaring hot, the blood pulsing through his body, the rush of slick, all of it.
He hasn’t forgotten how Steve threw him away because Howard and his professional respect meant more to Steve than Tony and his love.
, he thinks with an almost hysterical edge.
“You have a concussion,” Steve reminds him. “Screw this guy, the sleep alone could put you in a coma.”
“Steve–Steven Rogers. I would like to speak to Omega Stark if he has not already retired for the night.”
“The next issue that I foresee is your children.”
“Sir,” Tony whispers. “Sorry, sir.”
“Of course,” Tony says, softly. He crouches in front of them. “What are we going to do today?”
…” he trails off, shaking his head. “I didn’t pay as much attention to it as I should have; now, I know why… I know why he was like that.”
Tony removes it the rest of the way, off his head, and does the same for Steve’s jacket and shirt, before letting his hands trail down the ridged planes of Steve’s chest, all that milk-smooth skin, before landing on the buckle of his belt. He undoes it, the clink of the metal making his cock harden in his own pants, drawing it out of the loops, and throwing it into the corner of the room. He slides his hand into Steve’s slacks, under the band of his underwear, finding his half-hard cock and wrapping his fingers around the base, stroking until it fully hardens in his grip.
Tony feels the heat clench hard in his belly, his cock becoming impossibly hard and wetting the silk of his underwear with his pre-come.
, I just want to let you know that I’m here, for both of you.”
“Hey, I didn’t do anything,” James defends. “Your husband freaked out on
Steve huffs out a laugh.
And then, while Tony’s just standing there, as his heart starts to rend into pieces in his chest, Steve starts to pack his bags, and then, the children are crying as Steve tells them that he still loves them, that he’ll come and visit them, but he has to go now, and the kids are asking him why Daddy’s leaving and Tony doesn’t know what to say.
“Shit, that’s where it was?” James says, confused. “Huh, maybe I lost more blood than I realised.”
“I was only watching you for a week,” James says, as a first. “I saw you with your kids a lot. I saw you alone a lot. I saw you with a redhead-”
“I’m sleeping in the sitting room,” Jarvis explains.
Tony holds his hands up in surrender. “Hey, I’m Team Klaroline all the way,” he says, quickly.
“I can’t imagine anyone better,” Natasha’s voice is passionate, strong with confidence (she’s always thought him so much better than her, so much more stalwart and righteous and honourable; the compass of integrity when she couldn’t get hers to quite work – he’s not, and now, he’s broken, and she’s always been stronger than him)
. That’s how you made me feel. That’s what you did to me.”
“I am not having an affair with Natasha,” he finally says, a frown tugging at the corners of his mouth.
“What, you’re denying it all of a sudden?”
Steve’s response is to lift him up, so that his feet are actually dangling in the air, and kiss him so thoroughly that Tony forgets all about diamonds and the velvet box that drops to the ground.
He watches a myriad of expressions flutter across Ms Lewis’ face, watches her hesitate for an agonising moment.
Tony’s eyes roll towards the ceiling, and something deflates in his chest; his legs and arms turn to stone, and he stops thinking, stops listening.
It moves easily, but that’s more because it has now come completely off the motor. Tony holds onto the edges of the cart.
. You don’t want me. My own fucking husband, and he wants someone else more, and I have spent this whole time
“Okay, I guess, well, we’ll see each other tomorrow? I can pick you up at five?”
James stands his ground, though, his face wounded, and they scream at him and they cry, and Tony has to put them in a time-out and James dissolves into grief when it’s done, barely resisting the urge to burst into tears, but Tony and Steve comfort him and share with him the horror stories of their own forays into first-time parenting.
“Why is that not fair?”
James sighs. “Steve, I have been seeing my therapist regularly over the last few months. He thinks I’ve made great strides in my recovery. I still have some blank spots, but they don’t mean that I don’t remember what I felt for you.”
Tony nods. “I do that with them every day.”
“Look, I don’t know where you’re getting this idea from that I’m not attracted to you. Hell, I can’t believe that
“I don’t see why you won’t even consider it,” Steve complains.
Word Count: 4827
They do it to him again.
“Steve…” Tony hesitates. “Steve didn’t take it well, with the kids being gone like that. He sort of broke down. I didn’t think it was fair to make him come here, because I made the decision to leave, Sam. I called the ambulance, I called you, and then, I left, and I’m the one who should suffer the consequences.”
Sam considers him for a moment, a strange, soulful look in his eyes. “Like it belongs to someone else.”
“Oh, Wanda.”
“No, I don’t think so,” Ms Lewis says. “I think, if you can, that is, maybe have a conversation with your husband, see if things can be fixed at home. If not, it might be something to consider. It’s not a terrible thing, you know, therapy. It’s a good place for kids to talk and to come to terms with what happened-”
James leans back, his expression flattening. “I promise I won’t touch him until you tell me that it’s okay to do so.”
“Sorry, did I hurt you?” Tony blurts out, the air feeling stagnant in his lungs.
But when he speaks of James like that, Tony’s James at the same time that he’s Steve’s Bucky, Tony is somehow
“What about her?”
He crumples, hitting the ground, wrapping his arms around the rim of the bucket, and he sobs, his heart hammering in his chest.
have me, that we
Coulson, as if he has some kind of fucking radar for Tony’s voice, comes out of a room, uneasy to see him.
“Pepper!” he calls out, chasing the bag down.
“It was better for you if you forgot,” Ana murmurs. “If… none of this had happened, if Pepper and Natasha hadn’t died, you would’ve moved on with your life. Tony, you might not understand why we made the choices we did, but we did it for your own good.”
Tony tips his head back and spits right in his face.
Tony laughs. “No, of course not. You’ve always had the muscles, but since when can you carry a grown man on your back for an indefinite amount of time without needing to stop?”
The bed dips, and he knows that it’s Natasha who joins him.
“Can I come in?” James asks. “Steve invited me for breakfast.”
“Tony, I promise, I’ll catch you.”
The bed feels far too big, without Steve. It’s already too big, too big for a normal, human being, the sort of size that they make special for you because you’re a billionaire, but something he’d always found a little comfort in before, before Steve and the kids. He’d always liked the space, and now, without Steve’s weight, his radiator-like heat beside him, the quiet snuffle of his breathing and snoring in the middle of sleep, the bed yawns around him, like a gaping mouth, cold and uninviting and listless.
He’s a lot of things, but Tony’s never quite been forgiving.
“Tony, who the fuck is this guy?”
CLOSED.
“Who’s strong and brave, here to save the American way?” the omegas sing.
“Don’t be crude,” Steve insists.
Steve pushes against the wall again, and the torch falls out of his mouth. The pillar goes down, just like Tony had predicted, falling like a tree towards Tony, Steve riding it down like a skateboard.
In the horrible split of a moment, he sees everything, everything that is and was and will be and could be and should be and might have been, and he can taste the blood in his mouth as he exists in all of those instants.
“Are you?” Tony asks, with just the slightest bitter edge.
People spare them a second glance when they enter the hotel, either because they recognise Steve from the posters or because of Tony’s colour, but the gilded cage of the elevator closes behind them, and the lift cranks up, taking them to Tony’s floor.
, and you growing a divorce beard?” Tony finishes, dryly.
and pride and indignity, and that’s just how I’ve always done it.”
Steve reels back, surprised, surprised at how easily the fury shines across his face.
“I’d prefer it if you took your clothes off in the vicinity of my bedroom,” Tony says, briskly, and makes his way towards the door.
“Yeah, you wouldn’t be in the picture otherwise,” Maushmi says in a tone of voice that makes Tony think that
Tony looks at him, a long, cool gaze.
“No,” Steve tells him, firmly.
He slips and falls, ends up banging on his knees on a pipe, lands on his back, staring up, dazed, at the ceiling that appears to stretch for miles and miles and miles.
Tony nods, desperate and half-wild. A long, punched-out groan escapes him, when Steve slides the vibrator inside him, switching on the vibrations that make him arch his back and clutch at the sheets.
Tony gives him the finger, and James laughs, hard and reckless and a completely brilliant sound.
He feels Steve’s eyes on him.
“If you want more, go upstairs. I’m going to go and throw the oatmeal in the sink, before the fire department gets called, because the last time that happened, I had to open the door with a blanket wrapped around me because I didn’t know where you threw my clothes, and that is
Tony nods. “Yes, yes, I am,” he mutters.
“No, that’s not what happened–”
Warnings for this Chapter: Explicit Sexual Content
“No, asking an omega to dance always seemed terrifying, and the past few years, didn’t seem to matter too much. Figured I’d wait.”
Steve laughs (it hurts to laugh; he remembers the last time that he’d laughed, when Tony had commented on his ass in that old Captain America suit). “I’m not going to do anything stupid.”
Steve starts from the bottom and goes up, and the way that he touches Tony makes him feel like he’s precious, like Steve is cataloguing every inch of him to draw onto paper when they’re done.
Tony and Steve shake their heads.
“Amma…” Tony takes a deep breath, “how long have we known Steve and Sarah?”
. How do I know you haven’t forgotten what it was like to be with me?”
“School,” Tony says, exhausted.
Tony deflates and wrings out his hands. “No, you’re right. I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said that.” He looks away. “Let’s go.”
Steve runs his thumb over his lower lip. “I’m glad,” he drawls.
Peter certainly has more self-perseveration than Tony had at his age.
Tony lets out a sound that is more animal than human when Steve slides into him, his hands balancing himself on the couch, as he rocks into Tony again and again.
“Really? You want me to recollect exactly what happened. Fine, let’s do that.”
No, he won’t be friends with Natasha; that’s not something in the cards for them; too much has happened, and Tony doesn’t think he can forget.
Tony shakes his head. “She has a meeting today.”
“I hate broccoli,” Peter declares.
Steve grips his hand, balancing a foot on the wall, and Tony pulls, pulls so hard that he thinks that his shoulders will pop out of their sockets, but finally, he manages to get Steve out as well.
Bhim nods. “But Satyabhama already had three suitors – Akrura, Kritavarma, and Shatadhanwa. They were angered by the fact that Satrajit had given Satyabhama to Krishna and not to one of them. Shatadhanwa, in his rage, killed Satrajit while he slept, and stole the Syamantaka gem from him. On realizing what he had done, Shatadhanwa left the gem with Akrura and fled from Dwārakā. Krishna and Balarama, Krishna’s brother, gave chase and killed Shatadhanwa for his crime. Not finding the gem on Shatadhanwa, Krishna knew that he must have left it with Akrura for safekeeping. Krishna approached Akrura and requested him to tell the people of Dwārakā that he possessed the gem, otherwise the people of Dwārakā would think that Krishna had killed his father-in-law in order to possess the gem. This, Akrura did and Krishna's name was cleared. The final condition was that Akrura would keep the gem, but that the gem would remain in Dwārakā.”
He waits for Abraham to be done with his pep talk, before slipping inside.
“What?” Tony asks, desperately. “Why? Why not?”
true. I’m still
behaviour. Did you really think that I would believe that bullshit?” Grant demands.
“Daddy, you came home; we missed you yesterday,” Maushmi says, her lower lip jutting out.
“You do, Tony,” James says, with a passion that borders on madness. “You deserve better than a husband that’s never around, that never helps with the kids, that cheats on you with some redheaded secretary. For fuck’s sake, Tony… why haven’t you kicked him out yet?”
James cracks a smile. “When I got home last night, I felt strange in my apartment. I did a sweep, found three bugs. She must have broken in earlier that day and placed them around the apartment. She’s been following me ever since.”
“No, you don’t know.” Tony bares his teeth at him. “You said that he told you that if we stayed together, he would disown me, that he would withdraw any and all support that he was giving me, that he would ruin my life. What makes you think that he didn’t do that after you were gone?”
Tony lets Steve’s thumb slip into his mouth, catches it between his teeth, hollowing his cheeks so it looks like he’s sucking Steve’s thumb the way he might his cock. “Come on, baby, come on, give me that come, paint my face with it,” he pants.
you. And you didn’t love me-”
Sarah looks disappointed. “Maybe you don’t think murder is serious–”
Steve laughs a little louder, loud and full. “You like me, though? Right?”
“Hey, you okay?” Steve asks, looking at Tony, knocking a knee with his.
Sam’s face flickers with surprise, but he doesn’t delve into condemnation like Tony is half-expecting.
Tony shakes his head. “James doesn’t just look like Bucky; it’s not just some quirk of genetics or something. James is the spitting image of Bucky Barnes. When he came through the door, Steve just… he went completely catatonic. Couldn’t speak, couldn’t explain himself at all. James… James doesn’t have any memories before HYDRA,” he explains, haltingly. “So, he can’t verify the story at all. But Steve had pictures, pictures he kept in a lock box in our house, so I went and got them. They’re… either there is some really fucking strange genetic quirk going on here-”
weapons, know them in my bones, know them like they’re my heart. I know how to use them and kill people using them.”
Tony tilts his head. “Really?”
Tony’s mouth twists into an imitation of a smile.
“Drunk like you are?” Steve asks, incredulously. “I know your father used to do shit like that with you, Tony, but I thought you wanted to do better than that bastard.”
“Well, that’s not how I perceived it,” Tony says, coldly. “All I was certain was that you were having an affair and trying to keep both sides of your life. It was the little things, like you stopped asking me about my day, like you could take it for granted that I would be waiting here for you, with everything done, with food on the table and the house clean and the kids in bed with their homework completed. And then, our sex life, you were suddenly all over me, constantly, and we were having so much sex, and so I decided that maybe I made a mistake, maybe you weren’t having sex with anyone but me, maybe I was just reading too much into it and you were still attracted to me, and then it stopped. It just suddenly stopped, and I was convinced that the reason we stopped having sex was because you were getting it somewhere else, because you wouldn’t have been shy if you were just looking at porn and getting off on that. I was so convinced that someone else was giving you what wanted, and I was just… I was just extraneous, I stopped having that use for you, and all I was good for was to take care of your kids and cook you food.”
Zola and Rumlow are gathered around the hole in the dirt.
“Forget about what?” Tony demands. “Tell us!”
“Yeah, that’s exactly how I feel,” Tony says, fondly.
you into doing that?”
James’ face is unbearably soft.
Tony shudders at the next thrust, the coarse pubic hair at the base of his cock rubbing up against the insides of Tony’s thighs. Steve’s fingers bite into his hips, tight enough to bruise, and Steve dips his head down, mouthing at the tender, warm spot where his pulse throbs fast and wild. Steve bottoms-out and Tony cries out when the next thrust brushes his prostate, digging his nails into Steve’s shoulder blades, raking thin, red lines down the length of his back.
Toni and Bucky look at Steve, and Toni’s brow is furrowed.
He covers his face with his hands, as Steve angles his mouth off his cock, running his tongue over his lips to clean up any excess come.
He pulls the pin and hurls the grenade, shouting, “Grenade!”
“I miss her too.”
Tony shares his smile. “It would.” He shakes his head. “It’s a beautiful image. I love… I love the idea of it, the three of us content. I actually don’t… want to set myself on fire with the idea of the two of you being together, as much as I thought I might. But…” he looks away. “I love you, and I love him, and I don’t think we’re built strong enough for that yet. I don’t think he’s strong enough for it either. I think…” he pulls his lip in between his teeth, feeling like he’s aged two decades in the last two days. “I think we need to fix
“Does this mean that you and Appa aren’t fighting anymore?”
Peter pats him on the cheek, which makes Steve dip his head, as more tears begin to leak out of his eyes. Tony reaches for him, his heart kicking in his chest, and threads his fingers through Steve’s hair. Steve leans against the palm that settles over the back of his skull, and Tony clenches his hand, tight against his scalp.
“Yes,” Tony blurts out, eager to foster some kind of relationship with his alpha. “Yes, I would like to go riding.”
Tony makes a soft, smacking noise with his tongue. “Yep. It was James, and the guy
“I love
“I just,” Steve drags a hand over his face. “I wish you’d told me that’s all you wanted. I wished you’d been honest with me. I know that I’m not… I’m not the alphas you know, or you grew up with. I’m not, I went to art school, and my ma was a nurse, and I… I was barely making ends meet when I enlisted,
Steve kisses him like he’s starving, dragging the air out of his chest. He lifts him up, the muscles in his arms flexing, so that Tony can hook his legs around his waist.
“I’m spoiling you, I am,” Tony declares and picks him up, settling him on Tony’s hip as well. “We are going back to bed, and the two of you are going to get a little more sleep before we begin our weekend, okay?”
He shoves his arm against one of the scalding steam pipes; his skin starts to boil and blister, and he lurches up, shouting at the top of his lungs, arm raised to ward off the blow sure to come from the killer. Something hits the floor with a dull thud; there are more screams, and he’s on his feet.
“Tony,” Tony says, before he second-guesses himself. “You have seen me naked and covered in blood. You should call me Tony.”
Bucky and Steve shrug in acquiescence.
Tony looks around, and Steve is no longer in the room. “No, where’s Steve?” he mumbles, fear bright and sharp in his chest.
Jarvis closes his hand around Tony’s ankle, squeezing, once Tony climbs under the sheets. “Your father cares about you a lot more than you realise, sir,” he says, gently.
Tony lands on his knees in front of him, hands curling around his broad forearms, pulling Steve’s hands away from his head. “Hey, hey, listen to me,” he says, urgently.
Another laugh escapes Steve, and he covers his face with his hands. “You are too much.”
him to say?” Tony flings back.
Steve’s best friend,” Sam reminds him. “Tony, the man that’s the Winter Soldier today is not Bucky Barnes anymore; he’s been through too much, seen too much, done too much to be the same guy. Yeah, sure, Steve might have had feelings for that guy once upon a time, but he married
“I have to tell Steve everything,” Tony blurts out.
“Because I’m married,” Tony insists. “I’m married, James. I have kids. I can’t…”
“You are fucking delusional? Have you been drinking? Is that what this is? Are you drunk?” Steve asks, furiously.
Tony sits back down on the bed, lifting his legs onto the mattress as well, and then, stretches out across the sheets like a cat.
, giving her fucking jewellery and then, parading her in front of me like some sort of trophy? I should
Tony sighs and rubs at his temples. “Now, I do,” he says, guilt cracking through the quality of his voice.
Tony just stares at him. “Am I supposed to know what that is?”
They’re the only ones in the room, not because Tony arranged it that way, even if he could have, but because it appears to be a slow day for the planetarium. He laughs every time Peter seizes his arm, his eyes going wide in his face, at another special effect.
It seems somehow too personal to say this, too problematic to confess that James had asked Tony to run away with him, to bring the kids, and that he would happily raise the twins as his own and hadn’t even flinched when saying so, as if it were absolute truth that any child of Tony’s was his child as well.
Tony thinks he might fall when his feet touch the ground, and he grips onto Steve’s shoulder just to brace himself until his legs stop feeling like jelly.
He wraps his arms around his own body.
“You just wait; this is him in his natural element,” Steve replies.
“She did, but they’re limping like–” Tony’s eyes widen. “Steve?”
“I just… oh, God, Steve, I had the worst dream just now,” Tony replies, his voice thick.
Steve leans over his head and runs his tongue over James’ mouth, tasting the salt of his sweat. “Not a bad way to go, Tony sucking you off,” he comments.
“I can’t bear the thought of anything happening to you,” Steve says, fear casting a deep shadow over his face.
Only the alpha from the fair is unfazed.
“Trust me,” Tony soothes. “I’ll bring him out.”
here, like an
Thor starts reading again, and Tony nods off, barely able to keep his eyes open in the warm boredom of the classroom.
And then, the passageway disappears, becoming a boiler room, the kind that you find in some old-timey ship or a decaying building that no one has any use for anymore.
James’ face changes. Steve sits up.
After a while, Steve devolves into silence and continues to fuck Tony, his eyes fixed on the way that Tony takes the plastic cock. The angle is a bit awkward, with Tony half in the air and his feet planted on either side of Steve’s hips, but Tony pushes through it. Fire licks up his insides, as he approaches his orgasm, climbing the metaphorical edge until he can fall off. He fucks himself down onto the cock, his hips reduced to nothing more than dirty little grinds. He gives Steve an obscene look, which he’s happy enough to catch with the camera, his pupils black and blown, knowing that Steve and the viewfinder can see everything, his body stretched wide around the girth of the cock, his hard cock slick with pre-come, his dark skin gleaming with sweat, and the lust shining all over his face.
Maushmi pauses. “Oh, I don’t know, a long while. You were both learning to walk at the same time,” she muses.
Inside the chamber, orange light builds in intensity, and Tony, along with all of his technicians, pull on goggles.
“You promise?”
Tony knows what that look is, because it was once
He trails off, still feeling too uncomfortable to easily bitch about his husband to a man that he’d slept with before, that has made it no secret that he’s still in love with him and would run away with Tony at a moment’s notice if he asked, and who’s even prepared to raise Tony’s children as if they were his own, knowing that’s something he’d never be able to (in another universe, he could leave Steve, he’d be brave enough to do so, because he’s much braver, has more dignity, is not willing to let Steve shame him any longer, but in no universe would Tony abandon his children, leave them thinking that he didn’t love them with everything inside him).
“Did too!
“You understand, of course, that I made weapons for a long time. I made the
“I know that he was once Bucky Barnes,” Steve says, quietly, “but I also can’t forget that he’s the Winter Soldier and that’s pretty fucking competent at lying.”
And then, all hell breaks loose, with evil Nazis, innocent shoppers, baskets of fruit, and tables of flowers flying every which way in the constricted space.
“Oh, you like that idea, do you?” Steve asks, gleefully. “You like the idea of me coming inside you, filling you up, making you leak my come? Well, clearly we’ve got an idea for our next session, huh?”
“I always thought saying your lord’s name in vain while fucking a brown man was probably blasphemy of epic proportions.”
The nurse is brisk and capable, her lips pursed thin. “Where do you hurt, soldier?”
“You are,” Steve says, thickly, “the most beautiful omega I have ever seen.”
Tony shoves him away, his fists planted on James’ broad, muscled chest, and his eyes find Steve, his look almost deranged, wild, on the edge of madness.
Tony manages a smile, but he feels the exhaustion deep in his bones. His mother, standing in one of the corners of the room, looks downright distraught.
Tony gnaws on his lower lip – there’s nothing that he can offer to that, no platitude, no correction.
“I know a little of what that’s like,” Tony agrees. “To have every door shut in your face.” He hesitates. “Are you ready?”
So, how could he possibly blame Steve?
Steve nods, worrying his teeth on his lower lip.
Tony’s moan is his only answer.
“Doesn’t matter, anyway,” he sniffed. “Everyone knows that the slut opens his legs for everyone that passes by. Who’d want sloppy fiftieths anyway? He’s probably loose as fuck by now.”
“I don’t know Bucky.” Tony’s brow furrows. “I do, however, love James.”
“Ty’s dead,” Tony says, shortly.
“–but I won’t forget,” he warns.
“He didn’t blame you,” Steve says, earnestly.
“I just… I don’t want to do anything that you don’t want or like or anything that’s going to hurt–”
“Natasha?” he asks, almost hysterically. “You think I’m having an affair with Natasha?”
James presses his mouth to Tony’s dark hair.
The sudden longing to go back to him rears its ugly head, but Tony presses on. Between the five of them, they manage to destroy all of the evil bunnies, and Thor has Loki in shackles, ready to transport him, sullen and sour, back to Asgard to await trial,
Tony is walking through a corridor, a dark one.
Steve bristles, and Tony starts anxiously fluttering around the edge of the conversation, getting ready to put an end to it, especially if fists start flying.
“Appa?”
Tony slides his hand into his hair, dragging him down for a firm kiss that makes his lungs ache with the effort.
Maybe it’s because she has no dog in this fight, because he’s not afraid of her motives, because she, when she talks, twisting strings from high above. She’s just saying as it is.
Tony bites his lip and presses back, a plea in its own right.
“But because it was you, because he
It’s what he would have wanted.
Then, like some switch turned on, it dwindled, almost as if Tony had done something to offend him and this is how Steve Rogers deals out his punishments.
do that?”
The anger floods up in his chest, floods into his throat, like a new dragon baring its bleeding heart. He swings his hand, curled into his fist, to punch Steve all over again, but this time, Steve catches his fist before it can make contact.
Clearly, Tony’s knowledge needs to updated.
“I don’t know if I get a say in this,” James chimes in, awkwardly, hands in his pockets, rocking back on his heels, “but I don’t think you should come.”
Stone still loves Toni in some sick way; Stone still wants her, and the idea that someone else is dating her is enough to distract him from the fact that Steve is about to kill him and has expressed that very obvious intention to him.
“What, Tony,
, that’s enough, that’s so enough, and Tony’s coming, embarrassingly fast, and streaks of come spill over his belly and his legs are spasming in mid-air.
“Goodbye, Herr Stark.” There’s a deliberate pause, and somehow, Rumlow is able to speak with respect. “Steven Rogers... I wish you good fortune, although, I don’t expect that will be enough for you to get out of this one.”
Tony’s waiting in the bedroom, when JARVIS alerts him to Steve’s return.
His hands strain along his taut whip, which he has moved higher.
“I feel like you’re going to catch an STD in here,” Tony retorts.
“Hi,” Natasha says, cheerfully.
“Oh, it was good, nice catchin’ up with them.”
“Away with you,” he declares.
be hurt if the Nazis get their hands on the gem.
“I had more important things to do,” Tony says, coldly.
“Sorry,” Steve murmurs. “Just thought I’d see how you were doing.”
“Oh, fuck off,” Steve retorts, not quite angry. “It’s been a while, okay?”
“He doesn’t know that yet,” Tony admits.
He leaves the house, quickly, jumping into his car and driving back to the hospital, just in time for Steve to rush out of the double doors, something tucked underneath his arm. Steve slides into the passenger seat.
“But he was your brother,” Tony insists, unable to move on from that point.
“Hey,” Steve says, softly, leaning in, hovering over Tony, before he slants his mouth over Tony’s.
“I know this must be strange for you,” she tells him, panic clawing at her throat. “You know, for so long, it was just you and me, you and me against the world, and then, there was Steve and Bucky–”
“Maushmi’s definitely the bolder twin,” Tony says, chewing on his lower lip. “I’ve noticed… I mean, when they were toddlers, she was always louder, braver, she ate well, and Peter… he didn’t eat well, he smiled a lot, but he liked to read and play quietly with his blocks. Maushmi, I find, demands more attention, or rather, she… attracts your attention more than Peter.”
Tony backs away, and there are tears in
Tony’s miserably jealous that he doesn’t have a handsome partner to snuggle up with.
“Okay, Appa!”
Steve grins down at him. “It was eight German tanks.”
He looks around.
, Steve. You can be one of those white guys who sticks up for us lowly people of colour all you like, but at the end of the day,
Natasha stands on the other side, in a tight pencil skirt and a pale pink blouse, her neckline plunging like a waterfall.
She’ll never have to know.
“Don’t wait up,” he advises, slipping around him to make a beeline for the door leading down into Tony’s workshop.
His ears, nose, and eyes are on fire; his lungs hack up blood; he sees black spots in his vision.
The man gives Tony a cold look before making his way to the fireplace. As soon as his back is turned, one of the Nazis grabs the nearest whiskey bottle, and Tony’s heart climbs into the throat, as the medallion is revealed. But the Nazi quickly puts the bottle down again, obscuring the medallion, when the man in charge speaks from the fireplace.
The man snarls, and the poker comes down, and Tony cringes, waiting for the blistering heat to cut across his face, lob off an appendage or two.
The noise catches in his throat, and he sounds like a dying cat, the air anchoring tight in his chest, as he breathes.
“Steve?” he tries.
Tony waits with bated breath, as Phillips exhales, running his own gaze over Steve, lingering on Steve’s ruined shield.
Steve’s face falls, and he looks suddenly uncertain, and Tony can’t imagine what it’s like for him, to stand opposite the man who he’s so convinced is sleeping with his husband, but at the same is his oldest and dearest friend, the friend that he was so sure that he’d lost in the desert in Afghanistan, and is now standing in front of him, alive and whole but can’t remember him at all.
Tony shrugs him off, shrugs off the furnace-hot flutter of his hand, and he starts trembling.
“Will you stop shouting?” Tony grinds out, rubbing at his temples. “You might not have realised that I’ve gone through one hell of a fucking night, and my best friend is
Tony rolls his eyes. “In this case, it would be you. Now, I can… offer a couple of scenarios.”
“Yes, yes, fuck me, fuck me, sir,” Tony pants, curling his fingers in the sheets and pulling. “Don’t stop fucking me.”
Tony’s throat flexes. “Was there real proof? Evidence?”
Steve purses his lips thin. “You gonna help me out with it, or just talk?”
“Okay, okay, uh, but I don’t want to be
Tony looks up at the kids who are still sleeping. “Should we wake them up?” he asks, hoping that Steve will make the tough decision for him, because the idea of rousing them when they look so at peace twists something painful in his gut.
“Thank you for being my friend.”
“You want me to go faster?” Steve demands and sets a harsh, punishing rhythm.
“You really did,” Tony muses, feeling his toes curl a little at the memory of that particular orgasm.
But he’s never seen Steve scared, never seen him anything less than the stalwart, strong presence he seems to exude to everyone; he’d been like this when Tony has first met him in the bar, and he was even like this when the twins were born, because Tony had been the stressed, anxious, fluttering one; so, to see him like this, to see him
“Why?”
Tony leans forward against him, brushing his mouth against Steve’s collarbone. “I wanted to be all smooth for you.”
“But you still did all of those things, knowing how I’d react,” Tony points out. “You
6:30AM.
“Please, Tony.” Maushmi looks like she’s aged a decade in the last twenty-four hours. “Trust us.”
His eyes shudder close, and the arc reactor goes out.
The two of them run off, and Tony grabs his wallet and his keys, checking his emails quickly. As expected, there are around sixty-two emails in his inbox, not all of them requiring any pressing attention from him, but still ones that he’ll have to go through at some point, as well as work on that new line of anti-virus software that needs to go out to R&D for testing sometime this week.
Tony winces at how the words come out.
James shrugs. “I guess we’ll never know.”
“I can’t believe you married a fancy man,” James mutters to Steve.
It’s almost an out-of-body experience, explaining all of this to Wanda; it’s the only way he can protect himself.
“Hey,” Tony says, softly.
Tony somehow manages to break out of his indomitable hold, darting forward and picking the red-hot medallion up in the loose cloth of his shirt.
“Bhāras?” Steve asks, confused.
“She’s my
“Yes, brother, you seem to have found quite an omega for yourself,” Grant goes onto add.
“Oh, were you relying on your boyfriend to wake you up?”
Tony snorts. “That actually makes my place on this park bench a little redundant, don’t you think?”
once Steve and Bucky have tied the first two.
Steve’s brow furrows. “What do you mean?”
He turns on his side, closes his eyes and forces the sleep to come.
Ana coughs, loudly, and his mother’s hand is tight around the bar just under her window.
“Do you truly believe that I would allow anything to happen to you or Master Peter or Miss Maushmi?” JARVIS asks, gently.
That night, he texts Toni that he’s going to be a little late from having dinner with Bucky.
The alphas all leap to attention as Colonel Phillips approaches, and Tony takes that as his sign, as does Abraham, who climbs out of the jeep with him, trailing after the Colonel.
Steve’s brow furrows, as his eyes drag from the bracelet in his hand to Tony’s face. “It was in the downstairs bathroom,” he explains. “On my way down, I saw that the light was on. I went to switch it off, and I found this on the counter beside the sink.”
you. Please, please, let me stay here, like this, forever, just you and me, together. Stay with me, Tony. I can’t… I don’t think I can be away from you ever again.”
Tony takes a deep breath. “I love you too.”
The TV newscaster goes on: “Police say the victim, fifteen-year-old Virginia Potts, had quarrelled earlier with her girlfriend, Natasha Romanoff, a Russian immigrant with a history of delinquency. Romanoff is now the subject of a city-wide manhunt.”
He shouts, “Steve!”, hoping that his nose will carry through the wicker.
dream?”
you, I love you more than anything else in the world, in my life, except for my mother. You, you’re all I have, you and Ma. I know I fucked up, but you can trust me, Tony. You can trust me with your life, and I will protect it. Tony, I would kill for you, I would
Jarvis looks at him through the rear-view mirror. “Are you saying that someone else killed Pepper? Who?” he asks, curiously.
; who the hell do you think you are to pass judgment on my marriage?”
, what happened?” she demands.
“Gilmore Hodge, Your Majesty.”
James’ face shows his indecision. “You’re sure?”
He thinks of using it now, thinks of how easy it would be to grab the knife, to stab Grant in the eye or the throat and watch his lifeblood leak out of his body until he was nothing more than a corpse on the floor.
to the twins yet, and frankly, as much as it makes him a coward, he’s glad he hasn’t had the opportunity to have that conversation with them.
Dr. Banner chuckles, but Maushmi just glares at him.
“Officer Coulson, I want to see Natasha Romanoff again.”
, including spouses, because it put them in danger.”
“You have no fucking idea what you’re talking about,” Steve says, venomously, and then, he’s standing, stumbling to his feet.
He doesn’t mourn his father, but when he sees his mother’s still, gaunt face, the dark colour of her skin washed out, there are tears in his eyes that falls, running down his face in rivers, matting in the collar of his jerkin.
They’re fighting Thanos, and there are a couple of moments that Tony thinks they’re going to win, when Wanda gets her red, red grip around him and she’s peeling the flesh from his bones; when Thor and Steve pin him down; when Carol is fighting him, and then, it seems inevitable that Thanos
He drops the box onto the coffee table, and the four adults all go terrifyingly still, like they’ve turned to stone.
Tony and Steve exchange a look.
“Fuck off,” James says, sullenly.
Maushmi’s hand snaps across his face, stinging. When she realises what she just did, her hands cover her mouth.
Wanda puts a hand on his arm. “Look, it’s normal. Every couple does something special and spontaneous to keep the spark alive. What do you have planned?”
fault, and it’s her fault too-”
“This isn’t your average nightmare, damn it!” he snaps.
The pain is like nothing that Tony has ever felt, even worse than being cut up in a cave in Afghanistan, with strangers’ hands removing parts of his chest cavity to make room for an electromagnet, worse than palladium poisoning and the arc reactor being removed from him against his will and going through a wormhole into space and having a parking lot full of cars dropped on his head and trying to stop Sokovia from falling and fighting Steve and Barnes in Siberia.
“James, this is Peter and Maushmi. Peter, Maushmi, this is James. I knew him back in college,
about him, but I’m not sleeping with him. I don’t do that. I don’t
His pulse is wild and skittering, and his body is hot all over, even if the set to his shoulders suggests ease outward.
“Well…” Tony trails off, purposefully. “It’s not like I dressed in this get-up for us to have boring, old missionary sex, Rogers.”
His feet push Steve’s jeans off his hips.
“I’m going to give you something for the pain. An anaesthetic okay?”
Maybe it doesn’t have to be like in the stories, whatever it is between them.
That’s a blow that Tony feels right down to his fingers and toes. He thinks of the universe where that happened, where James never showed up at his door that day, where he’d come so close and done everything that he needed to and walked away, without Tony even knowing, and it
Steve remains silent.
“JARVIS?” Tony asks, without even looking up from his laptop.
James looks at him, sharply. “Everything okay?”
Wanda’s hands clenches around his tight for a second.
“And she settled for a gold necklace as a reward. So, she’s an expensive whore, then?” Tony taunts.
He shoves them at Steve, who slips on the too-small shirt that he’d been wearing before the procedure, and then, his pants.
“Is something wrong?” Steve asks, sensing the hesitation that mars Tony’s heat scent. “Did I–” He winces. “Did I do something wrong?”
He drives very close to the speed limit on his way home, his mind unable to ease, and when he throws open the door to his house, his heart somewhere in his throat, he calls out for JARVIS sharply, asking where the kids are.
Tony laughs. “I am absolutely not offended. So, tell me, why do I look like I’d be something bought and paid for?”
“I’m fine,” he soothes. “I was just really tired, so I took a nap in the afternoon, but Daddy picked you up and took you to practice and everything. That was okay, wasn’t it?”
“That night, in the restaurant, you were with someone,” Tony starts.
James frowns.
“It’s not safe, Tony. You should stay here with Wanda, until the ambulance comes.”
“Did you love my daddy more than you love Steve and Bucky?”
“Hi,” Steve says, shyly.
“This was HYDRA,” James says, and they both turn around to see him standing there in the doorway.
“It’s fine, Tony,” Steve says, coldly, eyes fixed on his cock in his hand, which is still stubbornly soft.
all of these things?”
He rises to the top with a gasp, his hair soaked, water dripping into his eyes, and he rubs at them.
