"How do you know that I'll destroy them?" Billie asked in a distrustful but curious tone.
“Yeah, that’s the goal.”
Cas tossed the groceries onto the counter and walked over to take Jack and soothe him. He looked down and saw two controllers on the floor as he took the flailing, despairing toddler.
Well, shit had hit the fan. Thankfully, being one of God's dads had its perks. Jack had gone full supernova nephilim from Billie’s instruction, but the timing was wrong. She sent him to the Empty, and when she brought him back he was a power vacuum. He sucked the power right out of her, and later, Chuck. It had been complicated, it had been grueling, Dean and Cas had nearly died at the end of Billie’s scythe, and Sam had been seconds away from being dissolved to dust by Chuck, but thankfully Jack had been beyond brilliant.
Cas opened one tired eye, with a hint of a grin painted on his face. “Better than eating pie on the kitchen floor?”
"How many of those have you eaten?" Dean asked, stripping casually and putting his go-bag away.
"Oh," Dean said sadly. "Well - you should make friends, Cas. People need… like a herd or clan or whatever. We're not meant to be alone."
Cas gently took the box and lifted it to his nose. "They're all the same flavor."
"Um, okay," he said again.
Dean picked up his drink then, sipping at it as a test. "Damn, Eileen! You're good at this," he said. She signed "Thank you," with a bright smile.
Cas realized the effect of Dean's soft voice slipped into this low timbre must be evident, because he was talking quite a bit.
Dean was amazed. He was aware that all of this powerful holy energy beaming out of his lover and vibrating through his bones should hurt him - his eyes, his skin, probably his mind. But it just felt intense, foreign. He was insanely turned on, but he was also starting to feel a nagging worry that this may have been a stupid idea after all. But this was Dean Winchester - he never let a bad idea stop him from following through.
"You asked me how long I knew, Cas. How long for you?" Dean asked, his eyes searching as his hands lightly rested on Castiel’s arm and chest as they lay facing one another.
"I told you. Longing. Don't ask stupid questions."
Cas arched beneath him, grinding hard and fast. He let out a moan against Dean’s shoulder where he was still biting as he came in hot heavy spurts between them. As always in these shower quickies, Dean was following right behind him, stifling his moans and letting out strangled noises that sent shockwaves down Cas’s spine.
"Greedy, aren't you, little bee?" the angel muttered, swiping away a drop of formula from the baby's face.
Dean felt silly. He laughed at himself. He knew Cas inside and out. They knew each other more than a normal couple ever could - they knew each other's souls and innermost thoughts. Cas didn't care about this shit. He just wanted to try something new. It didn't have to be perfect or fancy.
Dean closed his eyes and swallowed hard and he nodded. Cas noticed the hunter's breath was unsteady - and so was his own.
"Furious. Outraged.
"Ah, well… that seems abrupt?" Cas was surprised at how difficult it was to question this aloud already. Dean had a point about not being able to “mojo” away his desire.
Dean chuckled. "None of that stuff freaked you out?"
Dean hesitated, eyes going wide. “Do you…
"Cas, that's crazy. You - look, you get to see my soul, right? And that's what you think of as me. I just want to see that part of you," Dean said, grabbing Castiel's hand and clutching it to him.
"Guys - so get this! Most of you know Dean, my brother, and those who don't will remember his speech from earlier - yes, he really did put Nair in my shampoo, and no, I'm not over it," he laughed with a sharp look at Dean.
Rowena turned to Cas who removed the long ribbon braid from around the bouquet and handed it to her.
He slowly removed her engagement ring, then slid in Mary's wedding band, shining and restored. He then slipped her engagement ring back on. The set looked lovely together.
Many thanks to my partner in crime, certainwonder for the beautiful art! Send them some love
Jack ceased fussing and snuggled into Dean making happy noises. He grabbed the hunter's knuckle and happily chewed it. Dean made an awful face at the drool, but didn't stop him.
Dean looked at his little brother and took a deep breath, smiling proudly.
Castiel shrugged. "We're best friends, we're coparents, and now we're adding a romantic component to our relationship. Something I had hoped for, for so long."
They watched the seals silently for several minutes until they all went back into the sea, disappearing below the gentle waves.
"Jack, it isn't food. You can't keep putting things in your mouth like that." Cas chided affectionately once all the seeds were removed.
“Is that a euphemism as well?”
"Hm. Would you like to? Taste?" Jack asked, smiling, with a familiar head tilt.
Dean eyed him warily. "Do
Sam waved his free hand frantically. “Don’t look at me! I’ve never really been around kids, especially not babies. Come to think of it, even when we had to deal with it for a case, Dean tended to be the one to handle it. Kids like him,” Sam said, pondering.
“He not fired.” Jack said. He laid on the floor then and started at the ceiling fan. It was a strange little self soothing ritual he had.
"Sam told you if you don't have anything nice to say not to say anything at all?"
It had the opposite effect. Dean took a step back “No, Sam,” he snapped sharply, “Don’t start.”
It wasn't often that Cas felt fear or anxiety these days. He was living a fairly gentle life now, and he had his angelic powers restored to him. There wasn't much to get anxious about for him. Dean tended to be the one that was concerned by the daily minutiae, the one that was brave and sure in crisis but may panic over simple parts of domestic life. Cas wasn't usually like that.
Cas and Dean exchanged a look, then nodded at Kevin.
“You did not,” he hissed to Dean in disbelief. “He cannot be playing games like this! That’s even worse!”
"I'm burying you," Dean said with a playful grin.
Dean sort of sniffled. "That doesn't make sense."
Dean leaned very close to Cas then, so each warm breath he took tickled the shell of his ear. Cas took a deep breath.
Cas huffed indignantly. "Yes, I feel
Dean just looked at him, feeling uncertain what he was supposed to say.
in anywhere we can,” he said, giving Cas a sweeping look up and down, “but that’s not the surprise.” He took a huge bite of bacon.
________________________________________
"Okay, buddy. I'm gonna catch up with Jody. Try to take a breather, eh?"
"You are lovelier than anything else. So brave and strong and caring. You are more stunning than all the stars," he said with a contented sigh.
Cas chuckled, raising a brow again. "I'm curious to know what you read," he said in a challenging tone. If it was in the same book as the Enochian, he somewhat doubted Dean was going to surprise him.
"Whoa, whoa, where do you think you're going? What are you talking about, man? Stop. I wasn't praying. I was - well, I was definitely not praying," Dean said. Cas turned around and looked over his shoulder to see Dean looking down for a moment before letting his gaze flick back up to Cas as he shifted on his feet.
"I told you, Cas. It's not a bad thing. I wanted it. I asked you to do this," Dean said with a mischievous chuckle, laying his face on Castiel's wing.
Dean smiled and shook his head. "Nah. That's Sammy's thing."
So he
The hunter's movement instantly ceased, his hand jerked away and he looked at Cas in concern.
Cas wrinkled his nose. "Of course I can. I'm older than the oceans and I don't need to breathe."
Normally they would talk afterward. But tonight, Dean simply held Cas with a contented smile, and the angel stayed next to him as he slept all night, soaking in the sound of his lover's heartbeat.
Dean smiled. "Yeah. Well, later, then, kiddo."
Rowena flipped the veil back to reveal Eileen's beautiful face to assist since their hands were bound. Her eyes were glistening, but Dean had to hand it to Donna and Jody - the makeup did not run. Her hair was in a beautiful French twist. It was simple but elegant.
The shaking stopped and Jack sniffled and cried but his volume seemed more normal.
"As you wish," Dean said with a smirk, thrusting his hips and starting a dirty grind.
“So uh, y’know. You rescued me from Hell. You fixed my body up.”
"I… I'm really glad you’re my dad, Cas. One of them," he chuckled, shooting a glance towards Sam and Dean. "I have work to do, a lot of work to do, but I hope... I can come and stay with you guys sometimes?" He said, glancing between Dean, Sam, and Cas sheepishly.
"I do know, yes. I think it is a shameful thing that our society tries to separate people that way, however, as you well know because we have had this conversation before."
"You never listen anyway," Dean teased.
"What sort of ad was it?" Jack asked, eyes still big as saucers, tilting his head curiously.
"You sure? Sounds like you and Ro have overstayed your welcome."
They checked out and paid the ridiculous bill. Dean felt a little nauseous at the amount of money they spent, but Cas was worth every penny and it wasn't as if he couldn't afford it. He still had one of Charlie's infinite debit cards stashed away for any troubled times. They hadn't had to use it yet, but he considered it an insurance policy and his trade-off for not being able to get paid for stopping the end of the world all those times. And Cas's miracles were worth doing, but it wasn't exactly bringing in a paycheck. Looking at the room service bill alone made him glad he hadn't cut up the backup card. He may have startled the employee at the checkout counter with his rude exclamation, but he figured she'd live.
"I mean that if I were to take care of you for a day, you'd want for nothing. I'd give you no reason to ever leave the bed."
"We are already here and I have nowhere to be. Take what you need. I shall provide it for you eagerly."
Castiel had engaged in the game of pushing his position in the world right to its limits with the man, attempting to press the alpha to either break his ruse or state the reality of his intentions. To his surprise, Dean Winchester’s affections were, though secretive, entirely earnest. He was devastated to learn of the engagement of Mr. Winchester and Miss Bela Talbot.
Dean picked one up. It looked fancy, with little green flecks of stuff and being all hand julienned and what not. He took a bite and was again, enraptured in his sense of taste. "Oh sweet Jesus," he breathed, closing his eyes for a moment. "Mmm," he moaned, opening his eyes to regard the remainder of the french fury. "How the hell did you make hot fries better than they already were?"
Cas nodded once more, shifting awkwardly on his feet.
“Yeah, I know what you mean,” Dean scoffed ruefully, “different.”
Cas sighed with utter exasperation and squirmed uncomfortably. "Don't be stupid. I've wanted nothing more than to be ‘with you’ for some time. I know you'll make things right between us. About the rest of what is happening, I know you'll figure it out - and I will help you do so. I know I'm not obligated to be with you. I want this - I want you. Do you… want me?" He felt shy and uncertain now as he looked back at the hunter.
----------------------------------------------------
Dean opened one eye. "I've
Dean was going to tell him he loved him or gush about the intensity of the bond, or the beauty of Castiel’s true form. But the residual connection between them communicated it all wordlessly. Cas was better at keeping his thoughts to himself somewhat as if behind a door that only needed nudged open. Dean, however, was mentally broadcasting every passing thought as if standing on a soapbox and screaming into a megaphone. Dean could tell that everything he wanted to say had already made it to Cas by the look on his face.
He focused on the excitement and closed his eyes, letting the worry wash away. He found that normal interactions and situations were more frightening to him in many ways than the constant literal life-or-death he had lived for so long. Maybe because his fight-or-flight instinct didn't know what to do when he was fighting for happiness rather than fighting a monster. It didn't matter now. He was going to do something normal and fun and be happy with Cas. He was determined.
“Yeah, you did. I’m really sorry, buddy.” Dean said, reaching forward to stroke his fluffy blonde hair.
"It's moments away. Please, Dean. Your impatience isn't helpful."
Cas felt a pang of guilt. His hunter was sounding very worried. "You seem distressed, Dean."
“What?”
? What for?" Dean said, so surprised that he sputtered out bitter laughter, "Kicking you out? Hiding shit from you? Making you hungry and homeless? Yeah, you're super welcome!" He was gesturing wildly with his hands, stirred up and angry. Cas knew it was only at himself, though.
If Cas chose to keep his wings black and Cas likes it, he was going to try to move on. He was learning to be loved and to cope with things like this without being self-destructive. And it was hard. In a lot of ways, after years of doing so, it was easier to bear the guilt, even if it was manufactured, than to forgive yourself. But Cas deserved someone present and not so stuck in his loops of self-loathing thoughts, so he was going to try.
Dean gently cupped Cas' face, as if this opportunity might crumble to dust if he didn't treat it delicately. He looked into Castiel's eyes for just a moment before softly closing his eyes and leaning in to capture the angel's sweet lips in a tender, passive kiss.
But Castiel's fingers gently came to his lips to hush him. "It was, wasn't it? Special. Intimate. Not in a traditional sense, but we aren’t very traditional. You don't need to be ashamed. I'm glad you were feeling the same things I was feeling. That means we're very close, don't you think?" Cas's voice was cool and soothing and full of devotion.
Charlie squeezed his shoulder. "I know you're a good dad, so take it easy on my pal. And hey - you deserve this, Dean,” she said more seriously. “A sweet gig, time to kick back, making the next generation of hunters safer, smarter hunters, settling down with your dreamboat bestie, and raising a little padawan? Dude. That’s straight out of a fanfic -,”
Dean gave him a flustered look, then turned back to assaulting the eggs, which were already whisked well enough.
Finally, he stopped pretending he wanted to clean and faced her. "Eileen?"
"Looks like you're the one who 'appreciates bondage'," he said, voice hoarse from the wild noises Cas had drawn from him. Cas just looked at him with a soft tender expression. All the wildness, the hurt, the anger had melted away.
Cas knew Dean was already aware of the foods he'd brought, so it wouldn't be as surprising. Still, he was happy at how eager Dean was, leaning back comfortably, blushing in the sunlight, eyes closed and lips slightly parted. He could see the pink tip of the hunter's tongue barely hiding behind his teeth, ready and waiting.
Although he could hear Jack fussing a bit, he was sure the Winchesters could handle it. Castiel was in a fairly deep state of relaxation when a piercing, high-pitched shriek rang out from somewhere in the Bunker. He was on his feet in an instant, blade drawn, stalking out of the room in search of the sounds. More shrieking was coming from the War Room - but so was Sam's laughter.
“Right, awesome,” Dean yawned. “We’ve got like… what, twenty, twenty-five students right now?”
No, tonight he was going to do something special. He was going to make love to this literal angel crying beneath him tonight. Soft, slow, tender.
“To wait until tonight,” he said over his shoulder with a sly grin. Cas scowled silently at Dean as he walked away.
"No, no, it's comin’ from me, Cas. I swear. I want you so bad and I've been dying to show you and… dude, I just need to know I can satisfy you. I need to show you that, but I really fuckin’ need to show myself. So if you want to…Please?"
Dean's face was tense and dark for a moment, but the hunter seemed to shake it off as he shook his head, a  slight smile passing over his lips.
Cas sighed. "You still have the same problems, Dean. One would think after all this time, you would have faith and that you'd know you deserved to be loved."
The men stared at them blankly.
"But why would an angel want that with a human?"
He opened Jack’s door with a tired smile.
“You know something?”
“I’m sure it will be wonderful, Dean. I have a feeling you're a better dancer than you imagine.”
"I just… uh," Dean scrambled, deciding at the last minute not to rib Cas too hard on the first song. It was an apology mixtape after all. He of all people knew how much painstaking effort went into a mixtape.
As the brothers and Castiel wiped away tears, they turned to walk back inside the bunker.
Dean shrugged. "Still thought you looked good."
Cas gripped Dean tight and held him as the hunter's body was wracked with sobs, deep and wild, as if something had broken loose inside.
"Wow," Dean said as the song hit the bridge. He shook his head a bit.
The longing surged and tugged at his heartstrings before he had even made it out of Dean's sight. Cas tried to imagine how he was supposed to forget about something that happened all the time.
They danced and the motions flowed just like water. They continued switching who lead seamlessly back and forth throughout. They spun and turned and swayed and stepped in time, Cas humming along softly with the song. Dean couldn’t hear it over the volume of the music, but he could feel the soft vibration against his chest of Cas’s humming, soft and reassuring.
"Oh my god, in the kitchen? I'm eating!"
"How does it work, then?"
"Uh, yeah," Sam said, apparently satisfied with that. Turning back to Dean, he frowned and demanded, "So come on!"
Cas flung the pie he had been working on cleaning up back onto the floor and had his shirt off before he even got to the bathroom. While Dean’s intimacy issues didn’t seem to pop up as often anymore, Jack had a real knack for keeping them from being able to test that theory. They had found some interesting places, ways, and times to couple up, the most common of which was in the shower, but had also happened in some more creative locales, like the time they shit themselves in the laundry room while Jack was watching Sesame Street, or in the pantry closet one night when Jack was still early into potty training and had snuck into their bed. Still, Sam, Eileen, and Rowena offered to babysit the following weekend and Cas meant to take his time during those six hours making Dean absolutely come apart, hopefully multiple times.
Dean slowly laid himself over the angel. "Let's be lazy. A nice lazy, cozy fuck," Dean mumbled in a languorous tone, eyes closed as he smiled and nipped softly at Cas's lower lip, letting a hand drop to playfully tease his lover's nipple. Castiel hummed at the touch.
Then his face darkened looked a little more somber. "Cas, even though we were fighting… I hoped when you came home we could come out here and hash it out. I was being stubborn, I know I should have called you back right away. But for what it's worth, I was thinking about making it up to you the whole time you were gone. I learned about angel stuff, I made this box for your stuff. I thought about you non-stop. I even listened to sad sappy music like a heartbroken teenager," he said with a sheepish grin. "Sam was so sick of my mopey ass."
"I mean to take my time with you and be very gentle."
He thought his voice must have betrayed him because Cas gave him a peculiar look.
"It… made me very happy to see how pleased you were just to please me. You're normally the very picture of endurance, so seeing you so overcome made me feel very powerful and so loved and needed - so very wanted," Cas whispered, low in his ear.
"Don't stay out too late," Eileen said as they turned to go.
"Dude, for real? You're some kind of sicko herbivore like Sam. I can't believe you hated that gravy," Dean muttered, shaking his head in disapproval.
“I don’t care. I just want to watch your face while I touch you.”
"Cas! You know that gets me fired up so quick. You are so
"Mentioned… what? Being into guys?"
Jack sometimes slept, but often he spent nights reading or watching movies the Winchesters downloaded for him on his laptop. So, rather than lying around moping all night,  he decided to see if Jack was awake.
"Dean, it's okay. He's alive," Sam reassured, putting a firm hand on his brother's slumped shoulder.
Dean nodded, still blissed out. "Yeah… mmm, yeah I'm good,” he moaned softly. They were quiet for a few moments, enjoying the afterglow. “...So no explosion, but you went all BAMF smiting power?" Dean chuckled out between heaving breaths.
On the last chorus, he very softly sang along, glancing at Cas periodically and reaching over to hold his hand.
Cas worked on the tail for a few more minutes, occasionally looking up at Dean's face with a smile. This was completely stupid to Cas, but the frivolity and excitement Dean had were rubbing off on him.
"He likes the name. Miracle. He thinks it sounds nice."
"Cas…" Dean said, stilted and with his voice thick. "Shit, man. This is all my fault." The hunter paused, but Cas was unable to respond. He was shaking and trying desperately to stifle ugly sobs, but it didn't seem to work.
"I didn't want you to mistake my silence for acceptance."
"No! You save your fucking grace. And stop spending it on dumb shit like pee on my jacket. Dammit, this is my fault."
Dean shrugged. "Well, they aren't burning my eyes out. Can I touch them?" He whispered in awe.
"Mm! This makes me... very happy," Cas said in a tone of total ebullience, ending the remark with a chuckle, shoving the remainder of the piece in his mouth in a way that he would usually find completely undignified. The angel delighted in the sweet honey and flaky baked layers of the phyllo pastry. The crunch of the candied nuts gave it an interesting texture and bursting flavor of the cinnamon and cardamom felt like sensory explosions on his tongue.
He could not  sense anything physically wrong with him. He was unexpectedly a baby and the baby was crying and Cas was at an absolute loss. Of all the things Jack could do with his powers, this hadn't been on  the list of things Cas predicted.
Dean's glance snapped to the angel.
The room seemed to spin. Dean felt dizzy. Things fell very quiet.
Dean smiled, barely visible in the cloud-dulled moonglow. "I know. That's somethin' I like about you. You get me."
Cas smiled softly at the use of his proper name. “It will be special, Dean. It’s always special with you.”
"Okay, um. Yeah. Sammy - he doesn't know about me. Me being bi. Uh, you know it didn't go over so hot with Dad," he laughed ruefully as unspilled tears fluttered in his eyes, "and even when I figured out that was a him problem and not a me problem, I never said anything to Sammy. He's my only family left and I know he’s not like that, I know he's not." Dean took a deep breath now, finally looking Cas in the eye.
Cas pulled away and admired his handiwork for a moment. "That should trouble me, seeing that I've hurt you," he said, softly touching the mark.
"There ya go," Dean encouraged. A few moments passed and Cas heard Dean rustle in the basket.
"Of course. I would never rush you."
"Is it centered?" Eileen asked cheerfully as Cas entered the hallway, standing slightly precariously on a chair in the doorway to the library.
"Tell me when you're ready."
Cas nodded, arching an admonishing eyebrow at him, then turned back to his book.
"You're the best. I'll get him a bottle. Thanks for starting the coffee."
"How do you wanna touch, Cas?"
Dean shrugged, but it did make him sad to think of all the animals in captivity. He made a mental note that if he heard of a sudden inexplicable mass release of animals from zoos or aquariums to ask Cas about it. He was never quite sure what miracles Cas was performing, and sometimes he wondered if people would agree that it was in fact a miracle.
"I feel pride for you, brother. It is very brave to pursue what you want when it is met with such contention."
Dean chuckled and sat back down. "Yeah. It beats the nephil schedule by a lot."
"You wanna cook for me, huh? That's…" he was going to make a sarcastic remark about having a housewife, but changed his mind.
Dean sighed, "Yeah, and? I've become a demon, said yes to an asshole archangel, and made deals with crossroads demons so you had to drag my perky ass out of hell. That's not what I'm talking about. That stuff doesn't matter anymore. We know that was just… fuckin Chuck," he spat, "but this? You and me? This is real. Like you said back at the high school when Chuck blew open the gate to hell. We're real. This is real."
“Imagine me touching them, Cas. Right along the top,” the hunter said, voice strained, “Then long strokes down through all those long, silky feathers. They’re so beautiful, Cas.”
What was even worse was the fact that no one else seemed to see how terrible this situation was. They had all resolutely decided that they would simply dismiss the foreboding prophecy that stated Death themself would take dominion over the Universe. He felt so isolated in that his family was denying what was clearly a terrifying prediction that dictated that Jack must have his powers restored and the child must step into the space Chuck had left dangerously vacant before Billie did.
"I haven't finished reading Peter Pan," Cas confessed, "but I find that I think about '
The roll of their hips never faltered or lost rhythm until that peak, the crescendo of sensation hit them - Cas first, but Dean following less than a heartbeat later with Castiel's name the only word that he spoke as they panted in unison, coming together.
This chapter previously had a reference to Busty Asian Beauties, which I have since changed. It was meant to be a joke, but I have realized that was an unacceptable display of casual racism. I am so very sorry I included that and will endeavor to be better going forward. I am very embarrassed about this and very sorry. I should have known better than to include something like that, but I allowed my privilege to allow me to overlook the implications. <3
Dean sighed and dramatically flung the door open, looking down and furrowing his brow in frustration at Miracle, whose tail began wagging immediately.
"Pretty?" Dean squeaked.
“Nice. Good job.”
. You are worthy. Never say you aren't. Never,” Dean said his voice breaking.
And Cas was the same, boneless and craving Dean’s closeness as he gasped for air and felt the tremors of his orgasm wane at last. He was left with a natural high and a tranquil, pleasant warmth that made all his limbs feel heavy.
"Ugh, alright Spock. You're so damn literal. Maybe more than zero seconds next time, capiche?" Dean grumbled. He looked around. They were on a huge empty plain, full of tall stalks of dead grass and the occasional odd patch of other untamed growth. The sky was a dark grey, swathed with clouds that threatened to rain.
He grabbed the burger and sank his teeth in, eyes on Cas. He couldn't help but moan and let his eyes flutter as he bit in. He slowly chewed, savoring the burger. This wasn't some greasy diner burger - although Dean would argue those are good in their own right as well - this, like everything Cas toiled over, was artisanal. But not in a dumb uppity way, like a really good quality, tasty damned burger. It was perfect.
When he let Dean break away to breathe, he looked into his hunter's beautiful green eyes and felt completely overwhelmed by the intensity of his own emotions, in an echo chamber with the sweeping waves of emotion Dean was giving off.
Dean's face fell and he put down the bacon he was about to eat. He finished chewing with a somber contemplation before looking at Cas and sighing.
Cas shrugged. "It seemed like a personal moment. I felt it was awkward for me to be there, but I'm not supposed to say so. So I wanted to be in here. I find a certain comfort in being in your space."
Many thanks to my partner in crime, certainwonder for the beautiful art! Send them some love
"But I've been reading stuff since I came out and I think there's labels for all of that. It's okay too if you don't need a label though. Some people don't."
At that moment, Castiel howled in return and he met his climax with an exuberance that melted the alpha's heart, even as they were in the throes of their wild natures, and his come spread between them.
"You got it,
The closest description to what happened after that is to say Dean malfunctioned. He opened his mouth several times and uttered small stutters of words in a near whisper. He knew, of course. Without saying those three little words, they had essentially told each other last night that they loved each other. But hearing it confirmed, aloud… he felt fear and joy surge through his veins. His eyes went wide and he became pale. Then a single tear went down his cheek. He was elated, and yet, fear surged through his veins, leaving him feeling cold and small. Dean could face any monster in the world, death, or even an apocalypse without issue, but three little words could tear down his world.
Dean shrugged again, grimacing this time. "I, uh, helped a lot with Sam. I was just a kid when mom died, but dad was… well, let's say he was preoccupied. Sammy needed me. I wasn't a good stand-in, but all we had was each other. When you go through stuff like that, even as a kid, you remember. I guess... I must've kept some sorta good instincts about it."
Cas just looked puzzled at Dean for a moment. “Will you take pictures of Daytona and send them to us? I find that I like to exchange pictures to compare similar experiences.”
Cas ignored all this, sipping thoughtfully on his coffee. "This sounds similar to a romantic outing. Or it would, if Jack wasn't coming along and you hadn't introduced the idea alongside the idea of going to watch nude dancing at an establishment named after a waste disposal location for those without plumbing."
important. Sam, of all people, would never be upset at two people for expressing their
Dean chuckled. "No, darlin'. You did it just right, Cas. Awesome."
"Well he zapped me away because I pissed him off, Dean! I don't really wanna see what he'll do if I come back,” Sam retorted with a scoff.
He mused at how he used to be bashful and shy at the way Cas studied his body, but now he reveled in it. Cas looked at him with no less appreciation now than he did two years ago. Dean hoped that it never changed. It wasn’t just the sexual appreciation either - Cas looked at him like he was looking at the most perfect, beautiful, sacred thing in the multiverse. Being looked at like that could do a lot of things to a man’s ego.
Dean's heart fluttered in his chest and he was sure he was blushing -
Sam sighed. "No. No, Dean, I'm going to stay here and make this spell with Rowena."
"Cas!" Eileen called, which prompted the others to look up to see the furious angel launch her blade straight at Cas in a fit of rage.
"So how did you find me actually," Castiel asked while walking around the kitchen.
"Hey it's fine, it's my fault I'm sorry, and can I know who you are?"
"My Angel I want to taste your tits, please give me the permission to suck your beautiful nipples and milk you baby. Your tits are mine, no one will do these things to you other than me, so let me suck those precious tits, please" Dean begs, giving a hard squeeze on both nipples.
"By the way, Cas drink your eggnog quickly then we can go and cook the dinner. And hey what you guys want for dinner, for the day before Christmas Eve" Dean asked.
Dean wanted to punch him so hard but he barely controlled himself.
"Okay Dean, I will. And you get some sleep" He said before getting into his car.
"No Dean, I'm sorry I made you think so, I'm actually break down with that, I mean I'm an emotional mess" Castiel answered wiping his tears. Dean let go his face with a brief relief in his heart.
Anyhow he can't just jump into the guy and regret that later. so he took his time which Dean gave him very happily. But Castiel swore to himself if Dean's patience gets over before his tests still running he will kill himself for losing a guy like him. For losing Dean Winchester.
"Mmmm okay then go ahead Dean"
Today
"Yeah, yeah in your dreams" He replied playfully.
//kinda lot//
Shit, Castiel's whole body shivered with that thought. Dean was his friend now. he seems like a good guy. So how Dean will feel if he had heard what he said about him right now, shit.
Dean : those all jerks are flirting with you, that’s the wrong thing.
Castiel was exhausted he just laying on his bed closing his eyes. He thought about all the things that happen to him in the last two days. And then Dean fucking Winchester. Arr, why the hell he is back to the college. Dean was Castiel's most annoying problem. Castiel hated him more than anything else. At least he tried to convince that to himself and others around him. Because he couldn't able to control the huge crush towards Dean Winchester. He doesn't know when it's started. Maybe in the kindergarten or maybe in the elementary school when Dean kissed him in front of all the parents, teachers, and students. He can't tell actually when. But he can't stop it. At least until the day Dean showed him who really he is. Castiel never forgets that day. Since that day he actually started to hate him. Also, he remembered the first day they met after years.
"Okay, sure thing princess" Dean smirked and Castiel sighed without even looking at Dean.
Cas shivered with those dirty words and he mewled when he felt Dean's cock brush his prostate.
"No mom, I didn't but when I went to the college yesterday I heard there is another re-examination and I'm planning to sit for it, so you don't wanna worry about that mom," Dean said with a reassurance voice.
"Hey hey it's okay, it's okay, shhh... Shhh. Sweetheart, it's okay" Dean whispers softly wiping his face with his thumbs. And that moment Cas understood that he was crying.
"Hey, Castiel you wanna join us..oh Dean what are you doing here?" Sam gave his brother a strange look.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Thinking about what? I mean I'm not poking into your business. I just, I just wanted to make sure everything is okay, I mean you don't need to tell me that, but yet I want to make sure you are fine" Castiel started to babble as defending the moment. Dean looked at him with love-filled eyes.
"No Winchester that's not gonna happen. And just for the record, we got to know that you have two spies in the team so we threatened them to tell you that practice time changed to today morning, but actually never changed it, so as you see in this case we have much power and you only have to say ok to our little game, only say ok. Then you got two big gifts, 1. you can play the big match and 2. you can get the biggest revenge from your biggest enemy, "As you say saw" Right?" Azazel said the last part with air quotes.
"Yes Dean, and that's the only strength I have right now"
"It's okay Dean, go ahead" Dean nodded and get a big breath in.
Dean apologized and Castiel couldn't believe his ears. What's happening?. Is Dean going to murder me?.
Castiel had a panic attack again. Anyhow he breathed properly and slowly he can see people around him. Mary was there with shocked eyes, then Sam he was like nearly get a heart attack, then Dean? Why'd Dean leaning into his face with a worrying face? He is the person who responsible for everything. Castiel closed his eyes again.
Why is this kid freaking out this much? What happened? Dean can't understand anything but he can ask him later, right now, he can just hold him like this.
"I don't know what's wrong with you guys but it's so fucking stupid to think that they are dating. I mean look at the guy? He does not seem like even he can take care of himself" Dean said chuckling and pointing at them. And the exact same moment Alfie chooses to put his hand a little bit of Cas's back and guide him to a table.
Dean unknowingly chuckled at that but after seconds regret by it gaining a slap from Lisa.
Freaking Castiel Novak, the greatest enemy of his life is wearing his fucking clothes and having dinner with him in his own home and here we go, Dean is devouring greedily the pie made by him.
He has never seen his Alpha brother like this. Dean is the most giant, strong, powerful, and greatest Alpha of their pack, and the whole of their kingdom. Dean is their greatest warrior. No one has seen him like this.
"Yeah, that's right, that's what I also have to tell you, just LOOK AT THEM, they aren't dating, isn't it obvious?" Dean huffed annoyingly.
Dean walked through the hall when he sees him. Cas was leaning back against the wall outside of his morning class, his backpack was slung over one shoulder as he was reading a book.
And your big kudos and comments are so welcome 💓💞😍❤😘
"Dean, Speaking of which did you get your dinner? I'm just asking because It's almost 2 am and I can hear your tummy growling" Dean sighed at the question.
Dean and Castiel both said at the same time.
"Please hurry, okay? We are already late Cassie, and I already told you that we don't need to buy them right now, I can ask Sam to bring some vegan eggnogs you know" Gabriel said when Castiel opened the car door. Castiel rolled his eyes at him.
Dean was still staring at Castiel's very helpless shocked face and then he took the paper and glance over it. He barely read it before pushing it into Castiel's side.
Castiel didn't reply but only glared at him for few seconds before gatherings his stuff again but suddenly Dean's hand on his, grabbing Castiel's both hands. Castiel gasped at the unexpected touch. Dean's hands were soft but hard at the same time. They were warm, and his fingers were long and thick.
Anyhow they made eggnogs together for Dean, Sam, and Gabe. There is already have a vegan eggnog for Castiel, which basically Dean stolen from Castiel's hand.
"Tell me now you fucker, did I kissed you? Huh, say it? Say it you motherfucker? Or you want more?" Dean hit another deadly punch on Castiel's head and Castiel just fell on the floor unconsciously. He can't open his eyes they are soaked with tears and blood. He tried and slowly opened his eyes. Dean's face was still angry. His best friends, his ex-best friend's handsome face, who was supposed to hugging now tightly and soothing him saying he is gonna be okay, Dean... Yes, Dean was just standing there ready to hit him more.
"You bet Mr. Winchester," Castiel said and grabbed his damp trench coat from the nearby chair.
Azazel grinned at him again before he answers him.
"You are so perfect Cas, so beautiful"
"Cas, can I.. Can I hug you?" Dean asked rubbing on his back of the neck.
"Okay? is that all? Nothing to say more, huh? Short and Sweet?" Dean asked smirking this time.
"No, no, I'm good, no need to worry about it"
"Yeah dude, don't worry he is okay now, just having few buries in his chest and stomach that's it, probably he will come back to college tomorrow, he told me so when I called him" Alfie put his hand on Kevin's shoulder and said trying to comfort him.
Mary smiled at him getting her teacup.
And then Dean checked Castiel's whole body and his stomach clenched as a strange feeling touched his heart when he noticed that Castiel is wearing his old t-shirt and pants. Which was small to him, but they are still a bit big for Castiel.
"He also says he has to tell me something. But he said he will tell it later. He acted so strange and weird way after that. But he was happy, and he was in a very good mood for the entire day after that. But something was changed. Then after that night suddenly he starts to seem sick. His face was pale, but not this much" He says showing Dean's very pale face now.
"Mmm okay sweetheart," Dean says. he can feel his cock throbbing like crazy, his hips keep moving with tiny waves. Cas moans slowly for the sensations. His gut says to thrust into his lover's heat. But he can't. He slowly wraps his long hands around his cock and starts to move his hand back and forth quickly.
"What? why'd you asked so?" Castiel asked in confusion.
Dean yelled. Cas feels a huge pain in his heart and also a pain in his hips.
"Castiel Novak" Dean started and Castiel glared at him when his heart started to beat fast. What is he going to say? Why he called me by my full name.
Alfie was also in shock. But he barely answered Cas.
"Aww, Dean is that a.. Oh, it is. Yes is a cupcake with Sorry written on it" Castiel said bringing it out of the bag. Then put it on his palm looking at Dean with a huge grin.
"Now Castiel you can talk to me, tell me son what was it?" she asked.
"Wohoww wait wait" Dean yelped and came in front of him quickly covering his way.
"I don't know man, I don't have anything to talk about, I mean everything is fine" Dean shrugged and lied.
"Okay then" Castiel murmured.
Castiel titled his head. What? And why is Dean acting like this?
Sam went back to his room and continued his novel when Dean got that bright idea. He jumped out of the bed and padded to Sam's room quickly.
"I said, Yes Dean. I would love to go on a date with you" Castiel said blushing but not getting his eyes off of Dean.
"And please don't say will see" Dean added.
"Oh it's fine man, yeah but the office sucks though. you know, being lawyer is very stressful sometimes" Sam answered.
Anyhow that start when they were in kindergarten. Dean and Castiel were in the same kindergarten and Dean was a very kind-hearted and very active sweet boy. Castiel was a very shy and very cute, beautiful boy. They were always seated on the same bench as they were best friends.
"Prince Balthazar, actually I'm feeling not good right now. I really want my sleep now, but I will see you tomorrow morning" Cas says calmly as possible.
(See the end of the chapter for
"My king, my brother, John, please be calm, you are making them all anxious more right now" Ellen, the healer and the cousin sister of the king Winchester announces sadly showing Queen Mary and Prince Sam.
"Yes it is Cas"
The man never left Cas to think about himself like that anymore. He loved to give presents to Cas, even for existing in this world. Dean adores him, always made Cas feels like he is wanted and cared for, mostly loved. So till this moment, Cas was completely impressed by Dean's courtship and his wooing. It's completely successful and there is only one thing left to fulfill. Castiel's YES. And Castiel knew he is on the edge to say yes and jump on the gorgeous green-eyed man and kiss him as much as he wants.
"None taken Sam. and yes I agree. Castiel, this is the best pie I have ever had too, you have gifted hands son, really" Mary said without hesitation and smiling at him genuinely.
"Huh? What is it?" She asked.
But Dean only glanced at him with a shocking face. Like he didn't expect something like that.
All boys smirked at each of them.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Your highness, are you alright?"
And making it worse he remembered that he should go to the exact same guy's home, after school today. It's terrified him. Of course, Mary promised there will be only She, Sam, and him. But last time Sam said just like that but however, Dean was home for the whole time. What if he does that the same thing this time? Cas cursed himself for agreed to Mary's request. But he got no other choices at the time.
"Sweetheart, I was just kidding" Dean understood that question might be making Cas uncomfortable with his silence as he said so quickly to make him calm. And it's worked as Cas felt a kind of relief.
Castiel chuckles and noddes. "He is definitely your son".
************
"Shut up little brat, you just ruined my proud, you don't kiss boys you should never do that, I will teach you a very good lesson and you will never forget that" With that John dragged Dean from the ground to their car.
Just like that, this moment Dean lapped over a hard nipple while rubbing other nipple with his thumb, opened his lips a bit and get the Castiel's swollen nipple inside his mouth then started suckling it.
And suddenly Dean also sat on the other side of the cough, pressing into Cas a little bit.
Another silence.
"Huh huh very funny Dean. now stop teasing me mister, then let me make you a cup of tea, it's your first time in my home, and where are my manners," Cas said softly. Dean's eyes got lit by that as his hand came onto Cas's hand which was on his chest. he stared at Cas like he truly adores him. Cas also stared at him seconds before chuckled softly.
It didn’t calm Dean's irritation inside him. But he resisted the urge to hit this asshole for saying that as simple as that.
"Spaghetti and meatballs," Mary asked.
Both Dean and Castiel didn't saw them as Dean started to gritted his teeth.
"There, seems like finally he starts dating someone" Benny pointed out nodding in the direction where Cas and Alfie standing near the cafeteria. Dean quickly glanced over there and his heart started to beat fast with the anger he felt. Um, excuse me? The Anger? But why?
"Actually yes normally I like to come office earlier, it's kind of easy to start work peacefully"
"Poor kid I really hope he is doing fine, and Dean as the nurse said about him he must be like in your age, so can you please just search about him, because I really like to thank that kid and he seems like a well-educated and very kind child, those are so lacking these days"
"Tell me, anything for you," Cas said next second, and Mary thumbs up at both Dean and Sam.
And when they woke up on Christmas morning Gabe was the first one who ran toward the Christmas tree screaming that he can't wait to open his gifts, making other three people rolling their eyes.
Dean was coming to his locker when he saw Castiel. At this point, Dean was a bit tipsy but no one can notice that but he really was tipsy. And then He leaned to the nearest wall and looked at Castiel silently. Today Castiel has worn a maroon color sweatshirt with a hood that was a bit fitted and showing his waist and hips sharply. And black fittings jeans. He kinda looks yummy but he had no idea about that. Because he never matches clothes or never gave big attention to the color or the design but only the comfortableness.
Your big kudos and comments are so welcome and love to here from you 😍💐
Cas just ducked his head because he didn't want to say anything or try to give him an explanation of what really happened last night because he already said everything last night.
Dean's voice is too loud. He sure can hear to the other corridor too.
That's how he started to ruin his mission. And now he was leaning into Cas's delicious-looking neck and he really wanted to lick it. He loved the way Cas was looking at him right now. All caught up and frightened as hell like a soft, little bunny. And Dean should answer Cas's question.
And then Castiel recall their first time meeting.
"Oh, Gabe it's nothing like that, I mean.. Agh, I don't know what's happening to me Gabe, but I feel like something is missing. Like something, a very important thing is untouchable and invisible around me" Omega hisses like he is in some kind of pain, as Gabriel tightens his hold on his brother.
"Why? Look I don't have time for some dramas okay? I just agreed to give you a ride to your house, that's it" Dean protested.
The way they became friends. Dean is a lovesick puppy and Castiel has trust issues. But however Cas got to know Dean is not that bad.
"Dean, actually it's his private matter, so probably you should not asking about it anymore," Sam said glancing at Dean. It's pissed off Dean so damn much. How dare Sam talk to him like that. It's not his business.
//own room, own room, own room//
Dean wanted to know that Cas is fine now. But he didn't dare to speak with Cas when Sam is around. Because for some reason Sam getting pissed off every time Dean even says Cas's name.
"I really like that idea but I afraid that we couldn't. Because you have to call Sam and help him to calm down as well as it's Aaron's wakie time and I'm pretty sure that he must already wake up with Sam's shouting" Cas said with a giggle.
Dean sat near Castiel and took his hands, holding that cold hands through his warm once.
Dean's Pb & J sandwich. Castiel staring at it with a glare. He doesn't know Dean triggered him by aware or not but whatever it is, he left him as always he does. He always makes him hurt and runs away from it, letting Cas suffering from that. That's what he does. Castiel felt huge anger and disappointment. He should not even talk with him. He is so stupid.
Cas was awake but he pretends as sleeping because his mind is still not recovering from the last night. he needs time. So Cas also sighs and closes his eyes.
"Oh sweetheart, believe me, I wasn't upset with you earlier, and I would never be, thank you, son, see you soon"
"I said get the hell outta here" Dean yelled in a very angry voice as Sam understood he was pissed.
"Ellen, Dean just, he, he then scented Angel omega very secretly and he scent marked him," Sam says closing his eyes.
"And Cas, you know, you are a true gentleman, never pushed me or never asked me about my sickness. I know I didn't tell you about this, this my thing. I mean I mentioned triggering my panic but didn't say anything about it. But I promise you I will tell you everything soon. I just didn't want you to see me like this, but you already saw me, and I'm not gonna hide anything from you. I will tell you everything when you got ready one day" Dean said looking at his palms. His voice was sad.
"What? No, Cas I can't do that, please, let me show you that I really really regret my actions and past, you are a good kid and I did so bad to you, you did the biggest favor to me saving my mom, and I'm just want to make it up to you, please give me a chance Cas" Dean said like a beg and he was going to touch Castiel's hands again but Castiel pulled them quickly before Dean reaches for them.
"What are you doing here Winchester?"
"Please Angel, will you? I really want to go on a date with you" Dean asked again and then again, Castiel put on his thinking face.
"How's it now? Is it, hurting yet?" Dean asked quietly.
"So, Speaking of which why don't you help him with that? I mean you can help him to get more socialized" Dean said shrugging like he is just giving an idea. Sam looked at him.
"Huh huh so man, seems like you also stuck here right?" Dean asked pointing at the College building.
"Never Sweetheart, I would never stop that, "Dean said in a serious voice.
"Kevin just can you please stop your bubbling at least for a while, how many times do I have to tell you that Clarence is okay" Meg rolled his eyes at Kevin who worried and talking about Castiel nonstop.
"Actually Clarence I saw you in the grocery store. I called out for you but you didn't hear me as you were already in your truck. So then I really wanted to meet you so I came after you" She said and Sam tried to not look at Castiel's face and he smiled fake and half-smile at the floor.
Awesome what a great idea Winchester. When he remembered the taking virginity part, his whole body starts to shivering and his skin was tingling and tight with goosebumps.
"You don't understand Jo, if anyone saw you two talking with me, then I have to answer to them, then they will hurt me again, I don't want that" He was impatient to send the girls away.
"By the way, Dean, did you heard anything about Clearance?" Mary remembered Castiel and wanted to know if Dean found anything about him.
"Dean no, you can't" Cas pleads.
"What the hell you doing Winchester," Castiel asked. Castiel felt anger bubbling inside of him. His lips got hurt because of this man. Now he has come here and investigating it, maybe for another dirty jokes and insults are on the way. Yeah, that's what they doing always.
"Huh? You are a very cunning demon, aren't you now? But remember I'm not an idiot to believe your fairy tales. Now release me before I scream for the guards"
So how's it? Please comment if you like it, because it's the only thing make me feel continue with this 😍❤
"Later Sammy later, I'm a bit tired," He said before vanished to his room.
and it's been 1 year and 2 months since their first meeting and 8 months Dean started asking him out. Castiel kept turn down Dean's request but they are now good friends.
Dean's facial expression was blank, empty. But he just stared at the team. Didn't trying to help the team or didn't try to stop them beating the Castiel. Why he would stop this, this is the most favorite thing he would like to see after all. Castiel Novak is his enemy, he hates him so what? why'd he stop his team hitting the shit out of him. At least that's what people think. He just stands there like a dummy.
Dean: Don’t say that you didn’t Cas, I saw ‘em so closely. Why Cas? Why.
Immediately Dean’s mouth hangs open, “WHAT? BENNY? You, you… what did you say? Did you fuck with another man?”
Sam rolled his eyes before putting the toasts plate on the table.
Castiel closed his eyes waving his head.
"Yeah, I'm fine Cas, it's not like what you thought, don't worry" A nervous chuckle.
"Shutup. What's wrong huh?"
"Yes of course he did, we are best friends. We don't keep secrets" Sam said smiling happily but Dean's face goes dark with that. Cas knew it's not a good sign and he really thought Dean will punch him in the face next second. But nothing happened. Dean just nodded at them slowly before walking to the sink quietly.
"Yeah baby so fucking good, your pussy is so good for me"
So, No. He wasn't going to do that again. Cas didn't trust Dean for a bit. But he trusted Sam. That's why he said it to Sam last night. But not to Dean. And why'd Dean asked about that? It's not his business.
" Yeah, you kept saying you hate the boy, but you barely hit him these days, what's the Matter Dean? Are you really having to feel for him" Azazel asked again?
"Cas, how did you even, wow unbelievable, I thought you said you don't know me?" Dean asked in a very surprising voice and getting out "I'm the Batman shirt".
"Mary please tell me what is it"
"I can't fucking believe that you turned down the sex, hell turned down the morning SEX for your goddamn office emergency" Dean groans as Castiel coming out of the bathroom hurriedly.
"It's okay Gabe, come inside quickly it's freezing outside, where is Castiel?"
"I'm, yes I'm Castiel" Castiel answered with a questioning look. He didn't order anything online recently. What it would be. Castiel thought when the messenger boy held a board and paper to sign toward him.
"Oh god thank you Donna, thank you for saying that, at least even one person in this office remember to inform me that," Dean said and rushed towards Sam's cabin room.
What's going on with Dean.
"I don't know Mr. Winchester it's your choice, by the way, I wish you a nice evening" With that Castiel nodded at him and made his way to the door of the large waiting area.
"Yes please Dean" This time no teasing tone in Castiel's voice.
"Damn, is that him? Fuck, look at him, I never knew he was looking that good, Woah man, he is really something isn't he?" Adam said looking in Cas's direction in awe. Dean's eyes got big and his jaw set. What the fuck going around him. First, that fucking asshole was all-around Cas, now his own cousin started to drool over him. Great.
"God Cas look at you all flushed and shine like a goddess, my god baby you are so beautiful, so gorgeous, my love. Mmhmm, mine all mine" Dean babbles pounding forward, so fast now.
"Oh he is asking that I'm sure that Dean will not be here," Sam said looking at Dean.
1 Castiel screamed and jump back making half of his coffee spilled on him.
"Not at all, it's a big deal for me, besides you were at a big meeting and still you managed to give attention to me and here you are, came to sing for me on Valentine's Day, I still can't believe it Dean" Castiel felt like he goes to cry as he quickly ducked his head. Dean put another step closing the space between him and put his finger on Castiel's chin to life his face.
"But believe me Cas, I had to have lots of medicine. But because of you, I'm gonna get an appointment again" Dean winked at Cas.
"Oh Cas you got some souse there, let me," Dean said and put his thumb over the corner of Castiel's bottom lip and slowly wiped out the source there. And quickly took it to his lips and sucked his thumb. Castiel gasped at that.
"Huh, now what you saying you, demon?" Cas says in a victorious voice. But Dean sighs like it's not a big deal. Cas expected that Dean will panic and maybe beg for mercy but instead Dean only chuckles.
Castiel ate the last bit of cupcake and closed his eyes to feel that.
"Oh my god, Dean. No, that's it we are going to the hospital. Right now. Dean, this is too much" Castiel said in a shaking voice as he pulled his phone out and tried to dial emergency. But Dean stopped him putting down the phone with his hand.
Scooby Doo : oh Raggy.. look, this Angel is so cute. (on Cas’s arm’s)
"Yeah? Is that so? Then how about your super rudeness that you show me earlier? Oh, what did you say? Oh right. You said, "you took that Eggnog for a huge vegan, nerd who suppose to stay in his home alone, without giving that much of trouble to you" Right? That's how you talked about me. Remember, so obviously, you hated me for coming over. But you know what, I also didn't want to come, I never wanted that. But I came because of my brother and because of the kindness of Sam, otherwise, I will be in my apartment just like you said, ALONE"
"I know stuff baby, especially about you" Dean answered smiling secretly.
Dean had seen only one time what happened when Cas got this panic attack. That day his mom held Cas like this. And it's got few minutes to get rid of it but Cas will be fine soon. All Dean has to do is holding him and help him to fight with it. The other thing Dean knew is, it feels so good to hold Cas like this.
"Okay, since you still processing about the fact that we are partners now, I'm gonna start this, give me your pencil?" Dean said very natural way and tried to get Castiel's pencil from him.
It made Castiel's stomach flip. Because he also needed it very badly. This is it. That's why Cas also staring at Dean's pink and shinning lips.
Meg glared at Kevin this time "You know what, if you don't stop that right now I'm going to kick your ass, we have said thousands of times that it's not your fault and Castiel is alright so stop that right now"
What do you think about it 😊
"This can't be true. This can't be true. This must be a mistake. We are true mates. Definitely true mates. I've never felt like this about anyone else. I'm crazy about you Cas. Please understand. Please try to see our bond. You and I do share a more profound bond Cas. Please try to see that. I'm your Alpha" Dean says very sadly and weak. But again it makes Cas angrier and angrier.
"Mrs, Pamela can I speak please?"
Dean palmed his face and sighed.
"Okay that's not true, right? You are kidding right Charlie?" He was dying to ask whom the one, she thinks that he is starting at. But he was also scared to know the answer.
The people who were gathering around them were now already gone and mind their own business. As Dean and Castiel got some privacy a little bit but still they are in front of the office.
Dean almost hissed when the coldness hit him as he lost Castiel's warm body.
“NO! DON’T! , you have no clue?, then I will give you some, you did this to me, Dean. you attack me and hurt me last night on this bed, right here, I begged you to stop, but you kept insulting me and hurting me so much. Then here you are, acting like a newborn and saying that you don’t know anything, what is this Dean? What is the hell happening with you?” Cas couldn’t get this shit anymore so he burst out.
"No, I don't like sweets"
"Oh shit, that looks very bad, Sam do you think it's happened with a poison blade?" Benny asks with a shaking voice.
But no he is just staring still and didn't release his hand.
However, They never found the Alpha, even how hard they searched for him. And Cas make sure that guards will not spread what happened in there and kept it as a secret.
Oh boy, now it clicked to Dean. Yes, he did. He gulped thickly. Normally They can eat anything they want but now he can understand his Mom's mood, that should be Clarence's dessert.
Dean saw Cas was gone in his side-eye as he sighed. And when he looked at Lisa she was closing her eyes and waiting for the kiss as Dean felt pity for her. But actually, he didn't want to kiss her right now. So quickly he pressed a gentle kiss on her cheeks as Lisa opened her eyes and gave him a death glare.
Mary and Sam shared a little knowing smile when they heard the word pie. Castiel tilted his head a bit and looked at Mary.
"Yes, he is, and he was with another two royal omegas. One pregnant one and another with a little pup. Ellen believe me, suddenly Dean started to change unbelievably" Charlie shake her head confirming it.
"No, no it's not because of him. Now please answer it.
“Coming…” Cas also calling out and runs out of the door. “Ok. Let’s go.”
"Of course not Dean, and why would I pouting?, I'm not pouting"
Dean is in a trouble and Castiel in a battle to remind what happened to him ages ago
"It's not a rejection Mr. Winchester I'm helping you to save your time"
"Maybe, Will see," Castiel said holding his laugh and Dean frowning at him, snarling playfully.
Soon after came back to college after one year, he never wanted to try twice on a chick who he wanted to date. He is a popular guy in college even after a year. His handsome face, easy-going attitude, also his roughness and his Winchester charming were enough to girls to get crazy about him. He never dated one girl for more than two weeks. But never be an asshole to any girl. and girls also never complain about him, they knew Dean Winchester will never fall for them but they just want to get a chance that's it. But anyhow Dean is also popular for womanizer. Sometimes he just kinda like it. That's why he just wink and give the most unique, beautiful, and popular Winchester Smirk and smile when someone mentioned about it. So now, not at the time, right now he didn't have any mood for ladies. He was done with the shit tonight.
Castiel was in deep thought. He got few vegetables, fruits, milk, cereal, bread, some fruit juice, sausages, and bacon. Also a few stuffs he was remembered to buy, then he paid the bill and came back home.
.....
"My prince Sam, let me see him," Ellen says as she quickly grabs Dean's unconscious face and starts her checking up. But her face immediately darkens.
"My husband. My Cas," Dean said, breathless and warm, laying his head on Castiel's thigh. "I love you, Cas. I do, I really love you," he babbled softly, staring up at the angel from his lap.
Cas looked at him. "Hm. Rapture. What does it feel like to you?"
"Um, I don't know. What do you think it should be?" Dean figured Cas had never chosen a safe word, maybe he'd let him pick something comfortable for him.
"You okay, Cas?" The hunter finally asked.
Many thanks to my partner in crime, certainwonder for the beautiful art! Send them some love
," he chuckled in disbelief. "Other angels don't get to have husbands. But I do and...That's… a dream I pray to never wake from."
The hunter let his gaze flick up and down Castiel's body.
"Damn you!" Cas hissed over his shoulder.
-see how Cas gets back to his full glorious BAMF power
"That works. Arrange the transport for me, Ro? I need a favor."
“That’s it, baby,” Dean hummed as Cas rolled onto his side and away with a satisfied grin. He stroked Cas’s arm and gave it a squeeze, but he wasted no time wiping them up and tossing the tissues into the wastebasket.
Cas nodded, and waved to Gabe before doing just that. He knew his way around the Ranger as well as his own home by now. Most ships were confusing and it took months to become acquainted with the layout. Each hall looked much like the last and there were few markings for guidance. The stairs the led from one deck to the next were so steep they might as well be ladders leaned up against a wall. It was a treacherous world they lived in, but it was home while they were out at sea. Cas felt odd any time he had to serve on a different ship, though that happened from time to time.
Dean chuckled and shook his head. “You make us sound like a couple of gossipping girls.”
“Ladies and gents, I wanna thank all of you fine folks for coming out here tonight. Our next performer was born down in Jackson, Tennessee, but he’s been callin’ Chicago home for the past six years and we’re glad to have him. Without any more ado, I give you Sonny Boy Williamson.” The host made a gesture towards the steps onto the stage as he walked off in the opposite direction. Sonny Boy was a young man, probably nearly Dean’s age, with a long, thin face and a huge smile. The crowd whooped and cheered as he came out onto the stage, obviously a fan favorite. He wore a casual suit and pulled a harmonica from the pocket of his blazer. A wave was given to the crowd as he stood in front of the microphone.
“Thanks for that,” Dean said after a few paces.
Maybe one day, but that day was not today.
“Hello, Dean.”
Dean chuckled quietly, “Just might, if I can. So this is it?”
Page grinned and elbowed Cas. “Did you get yourself a girl? Is she leaving you hints?”
“Great Lakes Naval Base, Aviation, Ms. Yates here,” a woman said through the phone. “What can I do for you?”
Most single officers lived in apartments off the navy base paid for by a housing allowance, or those with families lived in the houses on base. Castiel chose to live in the dormitories, because having a room to himself was the only convenience he required and one he was given due to his higher ranking. He knew that eventually, his squadron would be called out to missions again and finding an apartment for just a year or so was more hassle than he cared for. Besides which, no matter how small his dormitory room was, it seemed huge compared to the bunks on the aircraft carrier he typically stayed aboard.
Now it was Dean’s turn to look down and avoid Castiel’s gaze. The pilot was smiling at this revelation that Dean did not intend to share. Castiel considered letting it slide, but he wasn’t quite as considerate as Dean was, concerning embarrassing admissions. “Is that a fact?”
As they parted ways, Dean felt a little lighter. He always liked Jo and seeing her was a nice welcome home. For a while, back in high school, he had stronger feelings for her than just friendship, but all of his flirtations were shot down without hesitation. He liked her spark and was glad she had turned him down, because she ended up being a great friend. There were never any hard feelings between them. Later, of course, when Dean took more interest in men, the point became moot. He never told her of his shift in orientation though he wondered sometimes if she figured it out herself.
“That’s a tall order.”
“Ellen?” Cas tipped his head.
Castiel laughed. He turned his head to kiss Dean’s neck and then changed the subject, “The point is, I was happy then, and I’m happy now.”
“Yeah, but you were only in the waters, not on the island.”
“Charlie! I’m here most of the time and I’ll be happy to help you again.”
“Oh, he’s very polite,” She said to Dean with a grin, then came closer to give him a hug. “And handsome, too. It’s nice to meet you, too, Castiel.”
“Much the same,” He replied with a sympathetic look. Then he nodded to the other men they had been speaking with earlier, “I’m sure they will oblige.”
The kiss had to end eventually and they pulled back from each other just enough to look into each other’s eyes.
“I get a dance partner and don’t have to worry about your hand going up my skirt!” She snickered.
“Yeah, I didn’t want to try and carry gifts on the train, so...” He turned and picked up a salt shaker, then set it back down and shrugged. “I’m not real good at the gift giving thing.”
“You’re really never going to drop that analogy, are you?” Dean rolled his eyes.
“Thank you, Castiel.”
“John, it’s bad enough worrying about one of my boys!” Mary said, bringing a hand to her chest. “And you’ve already served.”
“Will you buy me popcorn?” Castiel teased quietly.
Dean laughed, full and bright, tipping his head back. Castiel’s own smile was quiet and modest, amused by Dean’s response and that he caused it.
“Good morning, Dean. Yes, you are. Sam went over to Jessica’s house, your father is running errands, making the rounds.” When John was making the rounds, it meant he was visiting friends in town, old army buddies who owned the general store or worked at the post office. “I get you all to myself.”
“Pirates are sailors.”
“I don’t mind sand, but we aren’t exactly dressed appropriately.”
“Don’t need to go to church to see it.”
“He questioned me on you,” Dean admitted quietly, glancing at Cas in the reflection once again.
“You’re kidding!” Inias said, eyes wide. Ever since Japan joined the war on the side of the Germans, supplies that came from there - namely silk - had been hard to come by for allied nations. Without silk from Japan, stockings were in increasingly short supply.
“Yeah, I’ll say...” Dean nodded in agreement and Jo laughed at the both of them.
“No way!” Dean shook his head in apparent disbelief. “Well, you know, you’re going to have to tell me all about it. And I expect you’ll get a good tan. Speaking of which...” Dean stepped back a bit, dropping Cas’s hand and looking him over.
“Like how snazzy your new planes are?”
“Perhaps?” Dean chuckled, sliding his hands under Castiel’s jacket, over his shirt and around to the small of his back. He pressed their bodies flush. Cas closed his eyes and hummed.
“I do,” Castiel laughed in return, nodding. “I do agree.”
“Why would I get so lucky all of a sudden?”
“Now you see my troubles!” She threw her hands up in the air.
Cas pressed a kiss to Dean’s forehead, “You cannot change my mind on this subject, though you might try.”
“I’m going to be so spoiled when I have to go back to the barracks.” He combed his fingers through Cas’ hair, straightening it a bit. “I won’t get to wake up next to a gorgeous guy anymore.”
“Only girl I have at home is my little sister.” Castiel shook his head, taking the letters. “Thank you.”
“When do I get to meet him?” she asked. “You know, since you can’t exactly get mother and father’s approval, you should at least get mine.”
“Of course,” both keys were taken from the hook and handed over to Dean. “Will you need a bellhop to help you bring your bags up to your room?”
They fell into a companionable silence, traveling the remaining distance the the club. The wind howled between the buildings, carrying the conversations of other pedestrians on the street. Storefronts and restaurants were closed tight against the cold, keeping in the heat of the radiators to warm the people inside. When they reached the club, Castiel pulled the door open and Dean took a hold of it behind him as the pilot entered. Gritty music drifted out to meet them as they stepped into the hazy room.
Cas chuckled at the whole exchange. “I need to find some way for you and Anna to meet. Although I would also be a little frightened of the two of you together.”
Cas came in easily, cranked out his landing gear, and narrowed his focus, jaw set, as he landed the plane. The tiny wheels hit the deck and he pressed the brakes, though it wasn’t fully necessary. Three sets of cables lined the flight deck and a hook on the rear of the plane was used to catch one of the cables and stop the craft. Cas, and most pilots, aimed for the second cable and caught it. The plane slowed to a stop and people scurried about quickly, helping him taxi the plane out of the way so Gabe could land immediately behind him.
Anna laughed softly and leaned her shoulder against Cas’s. “Maybe we will just work on our generation, first.”
The other man was breathing deeply, hands clenched on Dean’s thigh and hip. His mouth was open, and blue eyes were half closed as he looked back at Dean with lust.
At the counter was a scrawny looking guy with mousey features and messy hair. What he lacked in appearance he made up for with a big, goofy smile as he greeted Dean.
“In my experience... you don’t.” Benny shrugged.
. While changing ships was not terribly uncommon for squadrons, Cas was thankful to at least avoid having to sail on an unfamiliar carrier.
“Remind you of your sweetheart?” She propped her chin on her hand and smiled dreamily at him. There must have been lots of navy men that came through town missing their sweethearts back home.
“Nope, nothing at all. Only got eyes for you, kid.”
“Maybe if I end up training in Chicago again and he comes to visit. Who knows when that could be?”
Neutrality Patrol, North Atlantic
“Yeah. Of course.”
“Well, I am older,” Castiel shrugged, smirking down at Dean.
“Is this my present?”
“He’s going to be the best lawyer,” Jess said proudly, touching his arm.
“Like that one?” The young woman’s voice broke Cas from his thoughts.
With a small sigh, Dean folded up the letter and tucked it away, somewhere safe from prying eyes. He missed Cas, too. The past year had been a long one, but hopefully the month between now and the wedding wouldn’t feel so long. Dean climbed into his bed and tucked an arm behind his head. He stared up at the bottom of Ash’s bunk, without really seeing it. Instead, he tried to conjure up the image of Castiel’s face. His small smile, his blue eyes, his dark hair, especially when it was messy. Dean liked when Cas’s hair was all messed up, first thing in the morning or just after sex. It suited the pilot.
“Yeah... He knows, you know, about me and he figured out that I fudged how long I was on leave for... He’s a smart kid, so it didn’t take him long to figure it out.”
“That’s what the hotel breakfast buffet is for.” Dean closed his eyes and tipped his head towards Castiel’s hand.
“Are you keeping something secret?”
“Yes.” Cas took the photo back and looked at it, smiling to himself.
“That was fun,” Cas said as they strolled side by side.
“You both look happy.” Anna trailed her finger along the torn edge. “Does he have the bottom two?”
“Cas, I...” He looked up to the other man’s eyes then and when he saw the expression there, words failed him again.
“True,” Cas nodded and considered that for a moment. “I’ve lived in so many places now... Naval bases are as close to home as where I grew up. Or the
“Then I will do just that.” Castiel kissed Dean. He reached behind Dean and began working him loose. Dean’s head fell backwards, mouth agape and he pushed himself back onto Castiel’s fingers, giving as much as he took. Soft groans worked their way out of his throat between hissed gasps.
“It’s just a fact. Anyone who looked at him would define him as ... classically handsome.”
“Oh? Why not?”
“Chocolate.”
"Better than leaving now." Dean kissed at his jaw.
So, I know it's probably too little too late, but it's better than nothing, perhaps. Here is the answer I gave on tumblr and the end of the story in summary form.
“The musicians are talented,” Castiel explained. Chicago had become a home for blues and jazz artists two decades ago when many of them came up from the Southern states, running from the discrimination in the south and looking for jobs in the north. “The better clubs are on the South Side, but we would have to take a train to get there.”
“That is sound logic, soldier.” Castiel nodded, running a hand through Dean’s hair, then down to hold the back of his neck.
“How do you win?” Dean asked, brows drawing together in confusion.
Dean laughed and hugged Cas. “You do that.”
“Would you tell your parents?”
“Thanks, that’s really helpful.”
When the knock came at the door, it was early evening and Dean was finished ironing his clothes, which were now nicely hanging in the hotel closet. He was smartly dressed, not in his uniform, but in a pair of dark grey slacks, undershirt, and a white dress shirt, sleeves partially rolled up his forearms while he waited. His suit jacket was set aside on the bed along with a grey fedora Sam had given him for his birthday.
As they walked, the mid-afternoon sun bore down on them and heat rose off the concrete streets, making the day uncomfortably hot. Though Dean and Cas were both used to working through heat, the moment they came upon the movie theater advertising air conditioning, both men stopped to inspect the posters on the outer wall.
“Ohh, the Greek Princess!” Ash said, leaning over his bed. “Yeah, how is she?”
“Angry at Mother, but doing well considering. It isn’t really anything new for her.”
Dean looked up and saw the warm, almost bewildered smile on Castiel’s face and tried to relax. “Good. ‘Cause, you should. You know, your wingmen will be counting on you.”
When Castiel opened his eyes, orange light of the setting sun and the slight grumbling of his stomach told him it must be mid evening. He stretched his back and lifted his head, accidentally bumping Dean’s as he did so. The soldier let out a muffled and confused sound as he lifted his head.
“Must have been a good time.” Dean smiled. “You miss her?”
Dean laughed, “Mom’s always trying to keep war talk out of the kitchen.”
“It has got to stop eventually.”
“Yeah, so now I’ve either got to get my own self hitched...” She made a face as if she were gagging. “Or find some other way to occupy my free time while Jess is busy doing whatever wives do.”
As he fisted a hand in Dean’s hair, Castiel began grunting and giving small thrusts of his hips. He kept pace with each pass of Dean’s mouth, felt the mounting pleasure pool in his body as Dean drove him towards climax. Dean sucked faster and harder, leaving behind the added little flicks of his tongue that brought Castiel hard in exchange for the moves it took to make him release. And Castiel did, groaning out Dean’s name in warning before letting the orgasm reel through his body. Muscles contracted as he came, spilling his seed into Dean’s waiting mouth and Castiel felt the younger man drink it down greedily. Dean lapped it up and sucked him dry. Castiel laughed breathlessly as his body twitched and spasmed after the orgasm.
“No.” He blinked, mouth still set in a frown. “I joined the Navy because it was expected of me. I was following orders.”
“Nothing... Just laughing at myself.” Castiel admitted and glanced away, determined not to blush.
Castiel followed his gaze, then looked back, “This?”
“Thank you,” Jessica said. She was a beautiful young woman, with long blond hair and a kind face. She even reminded Cas a little of Mary. “And of course! We wanted you to come. I’m so glad you were able to make it.”
“Really?” Dean seemed impressed by this. “What did you do?”
“Girlfriend, but they might as well be engaged. They’ve been going steady for years and we all treat her as part of the family. I’ll personally kick his ass if he ever splits up with her.”
, because they were things about Castiel worth knowing. Meanwhile, Castiel reveled in each of the stories Dean told and imagined his exuberant voice dictating each letter. He learned of the infantryman’s family, the close relationship he had with his brother and the protective nature of the man.
The train came into the station early and Castiel stepped out onto the street just before 7:00. He shoved his hands into the pockets of his trenchcoat and glanced up and down the street for Dean. It was bitter cold and the wind whipped around him, but Castiel felt warm. A little smile played on his lips as he waited. It had been a long time since he had done anything like this, it wasn’t his typical activity, but Dean had an air about him that made Castiel want to see him again.
Ash scoffed and looked comically betrayed, “You don’t wanna hear about how I ride a bike?”
They fell into a comfortable silence after that. The heat of the afternoon made Dean tired and before he knew it, he was drifting off to sleep in that peaceful state, with Castiel’s head resting on his shoulder, their hands held together, settled on Dean’s thigh. Whenever he returned to consciousness, Castiel’s smooth, even breathing told him the pilot was likely dozing as well. Deciding that this was alright, Dean gave in and let his eyelids droop for an afternoon nap.
Anna gave him a sidelong glance, waiting to pounce if he said one wrong word.
Castiel lazily combed his fingers through Dean’s hair, smiling at him, “Though I imagine it won’t be enough to sustain you until lunch time.”
He laughed silently and offered the cadet a smile. “Perhaps, but I suppose I’m more like those other cadets who want to go out into battle. The only difference is that I already know what I’m doing out there, and they still need training.”
“I’m fine, I can wait until supper to eat. It’s really kind of you to let me stay here. I don’t mind finding a hotel.”
And Cas will chuckle and say, “Yes. Sorry, yes. Gabriel, Balthazar, this is Dean. My best friend.”
“You would rather be at sea, I know.” Anna finished for him. He had said it to her plenty of times before. “Things will probably change in the new year.”
“But Humphrey Bogart is suave like you. So you can be Gene Kelly and Humphrey Bogart. I can be Errol Flynn and Fred Astaire.”
“Perhaps. It would be about time. I truly thought they would have sent me out sooner than that.”
At the hangar, Cas found the highest ranking officer he could to get orders. Everyone was running and though he knew they were trying not to panic, there was an air of fear surrounding everyone. Castiel would be lying to himself if he didn’t admit to being afraid, but he ignored it as best he could. A Commander just outside the hangar was shouting and pointing, ordering people around.
The song drew to an end and eventually the evening would as well. They left the Aragon, pulling their coats tight against the wintry chill of the windy Chicago night. Snow flurries drifted around them, flakes clinging to their hair and clothes.
This time, Dean didn’t have to say anything for Castiel to know what was coming next, he saw it in the infantryman’s green eyes. Dean leaned in, grinning broadly, tipped his head and touched his lips to Castiel’s in a chaste kiss. Castiel didn’t have time to think about it, but if he had, the choice he made would be the same. He closed his eyes and met Dean’s lips, eagerly returning the kiss and ignoring the camera, even as it flashed. The kiss deepened as Dean lifted a hand to hold the side of Castiel’s neck. Scooting closer on the bench, Castiel set a hand on Dean’s thigh and the pair of them kissed with reckless abandon. Mouths crushed together in an urgency born from their short time together and the certainty that they would never see one another again. They both knew the benefit of taking love -- or even just physical comfort -- where you could get it, before it was gone.
“I really like your mom,” Cas’s voice went a little wistful and Dean wondered if the unspoken part of that sentence was that he liked her better than his own mother. “I hope we get to visit again.”
“You’re right, I don’t.”
“Operator, how may I direct your call?”
“I believe it. They seem to truly be in love.” Cas smiled.
“God, Cas...” Dean breathed back and one hand made its way into Cas’s hair, uncaring of how he messed it up now. Fingers combed through dark locks and held Cas still. Then he tipped his head and pressed a hard, deep kiss to Cas’s mouth. They froze in place and clung to each other. Breathing each other in, holding one another as if this time, they couldn’t be separated ever again.
Dean was keeping to himself as he wrote the letter to Cas but as he got to the end, he didn’t want to sign and seal the letter without saying something more to the man who occupied his mind more often than he would admit to anyone. The problem was that he had no idea how to say it. After chewing his lip in thought for a moment, he turned to Benny.
“Do I seem like the sort to get embarrassed?” Castiel shot back, raising a brow and hoping he wasn’t being conspicuous.
That put Dean at ease, he laughed as well.
“If you want to say something, but you can’t really say it, how do you say it?”
“If they’d have me, I’d go back,” John said, cutting into the meat on his plate.
Benny looked up at him, “No? Have you?”
The remainder of Cas’s time on the ship was generally uneventful. Bal didn’t take anymore ridiculous side trips to acquire ladies’ hosiery. No one crashed any more planes during landing, and they all did a lot of writing reports on the new F4F-3s. The only thing of note was the changing of their squadron’s distinction, from VF-4 to VF-41. It all happened with very little pomp and circumstance and didn’t change anything in particular about how they did things. They were still the Red Rippers and no one got reassigned away from the squad.
Summer fell into Autumn as Dean and Cas continued to send letters back and forth. The world outside grew ever tenser, as the hands of war started to reach the states. An oil embargo set by the United States against aggressive powers in August, financially affecting Japan, was followed by Leningrad being cut off by Finnish armies in September. A German u-boat fired on the
"We can't sleep in together."
“Come on, let’s get some grub.” Dean said, kissing Castiel’s cheek once more and off they went. The men found a small, quiet place to eat lunch, one with a relaxed and casual atmosphere. People on the streets were all dressed nicely today, having gone to church earlier that morning. Women wore fancy hats and gloves and little girls were in their best dresses. Young men were seen on coats and ties, tugging uncomfortably at their collars in the early afternoon heat. Dean smiled as he watched a young boy get cuffed lightly on the ear by a parent for pulling at his clothes.
“This is some sort of special candy?”
“You poor dear. Well, if you need anything at all, just ask me or Dean.”
“I decided to appease Mama and Daddy and wear nice clothes for Christmas, at least when I go out. I didn’t know you were home already.”
“Yes, it was pretty much always the plan for me.”
Operation Torch is a big effort with both the army and navy attacking the shores of North Africa. Dean’s unit is ground force and he finds out before they set to battle that the USS Ranger is one of the Naval aircraft carriers on the mission. He remembers that Cas’s squad was on the Ranger at one point and hopes he can find out what happened to Cas from one of them.
“Don’t mind these two,” Ash said, waving off Dean and Benny. “They’re spoken for. I, on the other hand...”
“I’m rather fond of green, myself.”
“You watch yourself, now,” Sam warned, pointing a spoon he was about to dry at Dean.
The family eventually retired to the sitting room where they listened to the radio for a little while, hearing the day’s news. Most of the news involved the war in some way. After the news concluded, there was a radio play. During a commercial break halfway through, Jessica announced that she should head home. The play wasn’t particularly good that night and everyone had already surmised how it would end. Sam stood as well, and offered to walk her home.
“Dean. I’m only saying I’m happy here.”
Dean groaned and dropped his head back, knowing he wasn’t going to get out of this. “Someone I met last time I was in Chicago...”
“We need to come up with a code...” Cas smiled. “So we can say things to each other without getting into trouble.”
While trying to hold the frown, Cas’s eyes shifted to look at Dean, as if peeking at him. He finally gave up and cracked a smile. “Anyway, no more of you thinking of yourself as bad for something so small.”
After the speeches were done and the plates were all cleared, a local band set up and played some popular songs, both fast and slow. Sam took Jess out onto the dance floor for their first dance together, and everyone watched, before joining in. Now was the time that Dean hung back from all the festivities and just sat at the table with Cas.
Castiel hadn’t finished his letter to Dean yet, but he had a good reason for delay. While he had discovered the name of the song Dean was referencing, he wanted to hear it before responding. The problem being that there were no copies of that record on base, at least, none that he was aware of. So on a Saturday morning, Cas walked down to the nearest record shop in town. In the middle of the day, it would be full of kids listening to and buying records, but if he was there early enough he might get a chance to put his own choice of record on, before all the kids woke up.
Mary looked back over her shoulder at Dean and gave him a wry smile, “Eat your breakfast.”
“Good to have you home, son,” John said, smiling in a warm way that made Dean feel welcome.
Dean gave him a gentle shove to the shoulder but relented otherwise. “Alright, fine. Maybe I’ll get it out of you later.”
“What do you mean?” Dean tipped his head, confused.
“After dinner.”
“What? Cas...” Dean allowed himself to be pulled for a few paces, then fell into step beside Castiel. “Wait a second. Are you trying to say I’m amusing?”
“Sorry, mom. What can I do?”
“Swell, we should go, then, will they be playing by the time we finish here?”
“Til Friday morning.”
“Wonderful! Congratulations to Sam and Jess. Please, give them my best.”
“Why do you say that?” Dean looked up at Sam and raised a brow.
The army and navy and other ally troupes end up in Casablanca during the aftermath of the attack. (Another fun fact, the movie Casablanca came out like a year after Operation Torch.) While Dean and his friends are in the city, he coincidentally happens to pass Cas.
“No,” Aaron chuckled. “I know she’ll be safe... but I worry about her worrying about me. If I go out there and get hurt or... or worse.”
She crossed her arms over her chest and scowled, though he could tell she was blushing. Jo was wearing a nice dress in a rich navy blue color, more mature than how he was used to seeing her look.
Dean lifted his head, brushed his nose along Castiel’s cheek, brushed their lips together in something more intimate than a kiss, something tenderer. Castiel let his lips part and simply breathed Dean in before the younger man pulled back and they both opened their eyes. What he saw in Dean’s green gaze mirrored the way Castiel felt. They didn’t have to say it, they didn’t need to spell it out, and before Dean had a chance to consider it, Castiel kissed him again. The kiss, slow and sensual, said it all for them.
Dean, on the other hand, was having a very hard time getting forced to agree to the bet. He got his first warning from the stupid football team on Saturday as making him missed his practicing and making Coach upset with him. Now Dean had to be very careful as he has to check out every movement of the assholes.
"What to do? I couldn't able to hold myself as soon as you left that day. I wanted to see my beautiful omega soon as possible, even no matter where do you live, so here I am, inside your royal chamber, all wet and sexy" Dean grins. But Cas be quick as he pushes Dean to the wall this time, putting his dagger on alpha's throat again. Then he groans because he was so pissed right now.
Okay, strange. His room was closed. But He remembers very well that he never closed it when he goes out earlier. Ok, whatever. He put his hand on the door nob and opened it.
"Hey, wait a minute, how did we end up here, like this? I mean what are you doing in my bathroom Cas?" Cas was speechless at that question. He looked away before collecting some words to answer that question.
"Get off me Dean, or I would kiss you right here, right now, so be careful and get off," Castiel said.
"Well Dean do you have anything to say to save yourself now," Alastair asked after watching the clip with others. His voice Cruraly happy and teasing.
Castiel's face lightened up with a smile. Ok seems like everything is fine.
Cas took a sip from the hot coffee, it's really warm and tasty. It's made Cas's whole body warm in second and it's felt really wonderful.
"Cas, c'mon, you are giving me a heart attack here" Dean begged, knowing what Castiel was doing.
"No, it's not what I mean Dean. God, I'm so selfish. see, I don't want you to come to see me every day when you busy with your work here, but I just missed you, but you don't have to do that, I swear, and especially no more gifts please" Castiel said quickly.
"Cas, will you just listen to me?" Dean shouted this time and seems like Cas
Castiel tried to open his eyes as he felt he is shaking. He can't even move, the coldness is too much as he wanted two blankets, yes he had lots of clean blankets in his closet. He just have to go and get in from the closet. He finally opened his eyes, what? Where am I? Why is everywhere is so dark? I can't see anything. I'm so cold. He can felt tears are already running down. He slowly stood up and tried to pull his shirt more tightly around him. What? He quickly glanced down at him. Oh no. He is not wearing anything but his brief. He felt his fingers are numb, he wanted to shout for help, but his throat is not doing that its freeze. He saw a very null weak light coming from his door. Oh, that's it. He is outside of his house. If he can walk there he can go inside, Castiel tried to walk toward the door, which side that weak and shaking light were. But he can't do that because the ice level is too high as it's now on his shoulder level, but how it happened?. He tried to shout again. But his voice is not coming out, the coldness is can't even imagine. He felt like he was already frozen as he can't move anymore. Suddenly he felt like he can't breathe anymore. No no what's happening he started to struggling and shout but he failed to do so. He can't breathe a bit now. Oh my god, my breath is hitching. God, please help. Then he felt his both legs not working anymore, the next second his both hands stopped sensing anymore and go completely numb. He can see they are frozen. Then he tried to yell again. Then his head frozen and he only can see his eyes got wide in his iced head. Then his heart stopped.
That soft and blushing look on Castiel's face made Dean wanted to kiss every inch of that face. And kiss those perfect soft lips and taste them as much as he wanted since the first day he saw Castiel. Dean can bet those are delicious so damn well.
"I don't know Becky, why don't you tell me about it, then I can go back to my workload here," Castiel said with a smile not wanting to hurt Becky but his heart already kinda hurting right now. Alright, it's ridiculous, right? He doesn't have to be upset because his coworker got Valentine's gift.
"Um, Cas, how are you feeling now? You okay?" Dean asked. there was a sincere and caring look on his face. But Cas didn't meet his eyes when he answered him.
*Even though Prince Dean is a Demon, his heart melted and Apologized to Prince Castiel and gave back his Tape Ball and Rabbit to him.
So if you watched season 15 episode 18 you know what happened ❤❤.
"You know, my boyfriend took me to this 5-star hotel and it's like a dream. He ordered all of the food from the menu" She added very proudly not giving Castiel any chance to say a word.
"Gabeee!" Castiel said in a warning tone because he knew his brother's mouth is not good.
"Baby your tight warmth is everything. Look how perfectly fitting we are, mmmmm fucking tightly fit. My cock never feels like this baby, this pleasure, this feeling and the warmth inside you, I can cum right now baby, shit" Dean curses and he did everything not to move his hips to push his cock further.
"Aww sweetheart, is that you pouting?" Dean asked before chuckling.
Cas turns off the table lamp, both of them is face to face, lays on the bed.
"Of course Mr. Winchester, I would be here. coz she is my friend, my co-worker, and I should be thanking YOU for doing all of this. Thinking with the brain at the moment, taking her to the hospital, calling the ambulance, waiting here with me, everything, so Thank You" Castiel gave him a beautiful smile and said.
Castiel felt his anger growing inside of him. He did a mistake and he already apologizes for it, but he is not a slave or a toy that they can play with anytime when they got bored especially not for Winchester here. Castiel just glared at Dean and turn around to go away from him. But before he put a step away, a strong hand grab his arm and pulled him roughly.
"Dean, my son You are a strong and very handsome boy, boys are so powerful, you should make sure to go higher more than others. Especially you never kiss boys again you should hate that you understand me?" John kept making Dean's mind.
"Like? Dean, I loved it, your singing was awesome, you are so talented and those arrangements are so lovely, that's the most romantic thing I have ever received even you called it cheeky, Thank you Dean" Cas said in a very shy voice and before his heart change the decision, he leaned in and pressed a soft and warm kiss on Dean's cheek.
"mmm yeah, Cas I Love your hot, fucking, juicy pussy Ass hole, and like it when you spread your legs and take me in like a slut. Mmm my slut, my cock slut, Only for me ahh...Spread your legs wider for me sweet darling. Cox your body is mine tonight." Dean moaned and pushed his hips towards his unbelievably hot husband.
“Need your…aah need your cock” Cas peals and Dean grins him. And he pulls away to get the lube bottle quickly from the drawer.
Castiel laugh a little at his baby's eagerness, "like father like son" He says himself and presses a soft kiss on his baby's forehead. He caress baby Aaron's soft blonde hair while lullabies him slowly while holding their little Son to his chest.
............
"Sounds good to me, how about you Cas?" Dean asked smiling.
He entered his room in deep thought, closed it, and removed his shirt over his head. Removed his pants and let them lay on the floor while walking with only his boxers towards his bathroom. His whole mood was so grumpy and sad.
"What is that Mom" Dean was now can't wait to hear that he wanted to make sure everything is okay with his Mom.
Shaggy :  ohh Angelic Buddy, look there are eyes on that picture, they look so creepy. (on Cas’s arm’s)
Castiel speeded up his steps as he didn't want to be late for his exams today because he never being late before. But unfortunately, he was a bit late today, than his usual time because he forgot to set the alarm after he studied last night his lessons which would be in the test today. That's nothing like Castiel needs to go through the lessons to pass the exams, he knows he can pass definitely, but he always wanted to prepare very well and needed to confirm himself that he is ready. He didn't want to be unsure about anything in his life. He was the perfect boy, of course perfect, most intelligent, smart, nerdy, shy boy ever in the college. But also with a kind and big-hearted one.
Dean smirked at him.
Castiel looked at the screen suddenly, oh it's Mary. He answered the phone with a big grin on his face.
"Actually Sam, he didn't. I mean he didn't hurt me after that day, and not today either" Cas said softly. Dean wetted his dried lips. He didn't look at anyone else just ducked his head.
"Dean" Castiel began turning into Dean.
But what in the world is he doing here?
"Winchester, hey Winchester calm down we are not here to fight with you. We just offering you a big chance. just get it and don't fight, when you change your mind you know where to find us" Alastair said with his dirty law calm voice and then the team was gone.
"What.. I just being honest sweetheart"
"You fucking whore, you still fucking with him, aren't you bitch?” Dean growls and Cas felt like he is going to faint.
"Don't be stupid Sam, I don't have a girlfriend, you know that" Dean said chuckling a bit nervously, looking at Cas with the corner of his eyes and Cas also turned to see Dean's face as soon as those words let out of Dean's mouth.
"Good" Finally he said.
"Hey Cas, nice to see you too"
Dean gave him an annoying look.
Cas noticed Dean's beautiful car from distance and when the car stopped Cas wanted to run away from there. And the same time he didn't want to do that for some reason, so he stood there like a statue, not looking at Dean's side. Please don't come to me, please don't come to me, don't talk with me, Cas chanted inside his head as he goes.
"I heard that Winchester, you know sometimes I wish I became his best friend instead of you. because of your stupidity. And after all, I don't think that poor boy have any best friend, he barely got two or three friends to even talk with him, or at least he talks with" Charlie came around and sat with them.
"And also hurting my shoulder and my left cheek, but that's it," He said and looked at the nurse hope this time she will accept that.
"So meet my baby brother Castiel" Gabriel introduced and Dean followed his eyee and looked at the door and same time Castiel lifted his head to look at Sam's brother.
Cas rolles his eyes Dean chuckles.
Dean just nodded.
"Yes of course Clarence. She is now passed the dangerous state and we hope she will become a better situation soon. But doctors said that actually, her life saved by you. Actually by two ways"
"Actually, it's kind of hurting in here," He said showing his stomach.
"There, your friend is already dozed off," Dean said nodded at Sam when Cas looked at him.
"Hmm, and I know what kind of lesson the pretty boy wants, as many boys in our college wants to ruin that ass why'd we give that chance for them" Azazel smirked at Dean.
"Checked"
Since he got on the car Castiel was in Awe. He couldn't resist the awesomeness of the Impala and he never thought that he could ever ride this.
After half an hour they were in Dean's home and Castiel took keys from Dean and opened the door. Castiel lead him to the huge couch as Dean released a long breath and huffed a laugh. His breaths still not steady.
Within second Dean grabbed Castiel's Arm and pulled him and Castiel manhandled without any resistance because he was already so weak.
"Yeah, thanks man" Dean just answered giving a light smile.
"Please let me go, I already apologize for my mistake, " Castiel said controlling his fear and anger without lifting his head because then he doesn't want to look at anyone's eyes.
"Um so.. You really don't want to come inside and have a cup of tea?" Cas asked, avoiding the awkward tension between them as Dean also going with it as he also taking the chance.
"No no please don't do this, please let me go, this exam is very important to me, please let me go" Kevin was crying and asking for help.
Dean said.
"Don't be an idiot Gabe, now meet this little baby here Miracle, Miracle meet my weird older brother Gabriel" Castiel pretended like he is introducing them.
So how's that? Please tell me. Love to hear from you ❤😍 and don't forget to give me some kudos if you like it ❤❤
Dean goes circling his tongue and licks and licks around Castiel's clit without stopping. He slides his tongue into Cas's slit as deep as he can and fuck it with his tongue. Cas moans in high pitch and presses Dean's head more into his pussy. Dean moans to the delicious taste of his lover and starts to suck Cas's dark pink pussy lips. He sucks them into his mouth before tugging a little bit.
"Oh sweetie, it's okay, and yes I have an idea"
"I love you so much Castiel Winchester" Dean murmured when they slowly moved on the dance floor when it's come to their first dance in the wedding reception.
“Oh babe, you are so fucking sexy babyy” Dean moans and Cas gasp when the tip of Dean’s tongue go inside his tight hole repeatedly, fucking his hole like insane.
"I said not now" Dean growled at him and Alastair backed off.
Dean : That’s it Angel. come here.
"And Sammy believe me all my tension, the panic, the anger, the bitterness about myself all washed over with his first smile at me, and I swear Sam he fixed me, he made me feel like Me, Home, and I felt I'm complete with him" Dean confessed without a bit hesitation.
"For the record I brought that Pie for Mary. And that day when you kicked my sandwich and "My lips" There wasn't a fight, you are the one only hit me, I didn't hit you so it's not a fight Winchester it's a bulling" Cas said because Dean nicely covered those points. Probably Cas will have to go through the consequences for mouthing with Dean at any point now. Maybe his gang will pop up any second and all will hit the shit out of him. But he didn't care. He didn't gonna be silent right now.
"You Little fucker, what did you say? "got separate?" What the fuck was that? to separate we never were together or friends or whatever fuck. I even don't know who you are you faggot. And how dare you to say that, word? that damn kiss?" Dean hit again on Castiel's face repeatedly.
"Please Mary can I say the reason I hide myself first? Then I can go home peacefully, I can't eat now, I just want to go home" With that, All of the three Winchesters looked at him.
"Hey Sweetheart, you wanna sit for a bit? I want you to relax now okay?, because everything is gonna alright. your brother is in good hands, I promise you" Dean said in a promising tone.
Dean the sly boy didn't give him a word directly.
"Fuck you Winchester, no more fucking rounds, I'm done and you are so fucking sick bastard" Alastair yelled before Michael say a word as Dean laughed throwing his head back.
"Oh god, I'm so sorry Dean, I didn't mean to overstep, it just came out of my mo.."
.....
Dean starts to breathe slowly like he is having some problem in his throat.
Dean just kept looking the way Cas got onto the bus in disappointment.
"Fuck that's strangely weird, but the guy's smart mouth is too much," Uriel said and sipped his beer.
After these eight months of Dean's courtship, and his pure attempt to woo Castiel was made Castiel open his eyes a bit and see the pure determination of Dean, and his kindness, his smart and gentleman side. He wasn't the guy Castiel though when they first saw each other. Clearly and to be honest Castiel get to know Dean is a great guy but Castiel is still in the process.
They opened their gifts and Castiel slowly leaned toward Dean's side with a serious face. Dean was already opened all Sam's and Gabe's gifts first. Then he was about to open Cas's now.
Dean smirks wrapping his arms around Cas's waste, "yup me too and can't wait to attend your brothe's lessons"
"Oh wait, I pronounced it wrongly. It's Cassie and Oliver, my bad kids" She said almost smirking at Dean but quickly get back to her work.
“No one. And I don’t wanna be rescued” Cas replies while giggling as Dean starts to press kisses all over Cas’s face.
"Cas please. listen to me. At first, please stop calling me Mr. Winchester. I'm Dean to you. You are my friend, right? And secondly, Cas please believe me. I'm not a bad guy. now I don't want to drag Sam to this, but you can ask him about me if you want, I'm a good guy Cas. I'm not gonna make you sad or upset, I really like you Cas. I don't
"Oh C'mon Cas, please don't angry with me?"
So how's it?
Obviously, Dean has hugged his friends and his family. But those are never felt like this. This is different and was felt so good. Cas's body is so soft and it's fit very well in Dean's arms. It's like a perfect match. Dean felt like he didn't want to let Cas go ever again. But then he remembered the reality. They are even not friends. And if Cas wasn't unconscious right now he will never let Dean touch him like this. Never. And even Dean already made a bet of him. So yes he is so fucking screwed up. He closed his eyes tight trying to push his thoughts away as much as he can.
Sam :
Castiel rolled his eyes.
Dean lost his words. Hell, the kid was right. The only thing Dean did when he sees Castiel was hurting him and make his college life so hard for him. Okay. But until yesterday. He just has to make a new deal between Castiel and himself now. He didn't gonna hurt Castiel anymore. And besides, after knowing that Castiel was the one who saved his mom's life, Dean will never hurt him again in his life. But unfortunately, he has to win his bet. And of course, after getting to know about his story, Dean got more and more uncomfortable with his bet. But he can't lose everything by letting people call him gay. And he can't let his Dad disappointing about him. Also, he has to save his family first by proving who he is. So first thing first. Bet came first. He can fix things later after that. But in the meantime, Castiel was the one who saved his family once saving his mom. So like that, Dean is so fucked up right now.
Love you all, stay safe ❤❤❤
As he took off to see if he could help.
Michael smiled in such a way that made Dean’s skin crawl, how a smile could hold so much malice Dean would never know. His mind flashed back to Cas’s smile only for a brief second but long enough to steel himself. Michael’s grin grew wider, he lent forward and whispered into Dean’s ear, a horrific experience even before he spoke “I will tell your dad, that Sam is an Alpha loving weirdo” leaning back he let a low chuckle escape his throat “Nod if you understand” Dean nodded
Dean couldn’t take it “Well?” he asked, bobbing from foot to foot
Michael half smiled thinking he could get more information out of the young Alpha “Which hotel would that be?” Sam stoically stuck to his guns and said nothing, he had already fucked up he wasn’t going to do that twice.
“Love you too” Dean said between kisses and licks
“So where we heading?” he asked
“Away from here” she said firmly.
They got through security and he was okay, the departure league and he was good, then they were at the gate and his omega began to become concerned. Once they entered the plane his concern turned into abject horror in a matter of minutes they would be 1000s of feet in the air in a metal tube. He couldn’t do this. He couldn’t do this, the fear ramped up to new levels; they weren’t going to make it.
Eventually they separated, Cas spoke not breaking eye contact with his gorgeous mate “Oh sweetheart don’t worry about it, trust me mother approved” his voice full of pride and happiness.
“Casss” the breathless answer came back.
Hey lovelies.
“Both Alpha, both” Dean said coyly. This was met by a massive smile from Cas who lent forwards and brushed Dean’s hand. That caused Dean to blush a little. Which apparently that’s all the permission Dean’s inner Omega needed to launch himself at Cas hopping straight into his lap and locking their lips together. Despite being totally taken off guard Cas was more than happy to have Dean back in his arms and the kissing as far as he was concerned was a bonus.
“Then I will be his friend, nothing more” Cas stated matter-of-factly
that one word ran though his head like a mantra as the plane’s engines ramped up to a new level they were about to taking off.
“Soon sweetheart” the voice said.
All of a sudden the car stopped engine off half way towards the house, suddenly the driver door flew open and out popped Castiel, his Alpha running towards him. Though the rain just as the heavens decided to open. Just as he was about to reach Cas he jumped into the air landing in his Alpha’s hold. Legs coming round his Alpha’s waist as he arms encompassed Castiel’s head leaning down to scent his mate.
“Well I will tell you every day until you do” The conviction in his voice was enough to move continents; level cities and destroy armies. That same conviction was enough for a whole new round of tears to spring from the Omega’s eyes. “I’m sorry Alpha” he managed to hiccup between massive breaths.
“Firstly breath, has it detail gone with him?”
“The palace, I have to introduce you to my parents. Then we will head to our estate in the country” Cas informed him matter-of-factly. The soft oh from his mate made him continue “Don’t worry your be fine” Dean nodded to himself then his Alpha thinking to himself
