John rolled him over on his stomach, snapping his hips and body down into Sherlock's, coming quickly. He collapsed on top of the detective, leaving a trail of kisses against his nape curls as he rolled off onto his back.
Any other day, any other time, Mycroft would have received Sherlock's full sarcasm, wrath, and scalding tongue. All Mycroft saw was his baby brother put his face into his hands and weep racking sobs, displacing the water outside the tub.
Sherlock tried to recall any children he'd ever met that would have used the word
"If you lay here with me, John, we are as good as considered married. Even without the ceremony. Even without consummation," Sherlock reached out and traced his face, touching John's cheek, his lips, his eyebrow, "are you sure you want to spend the night in bed with me?"
Hamish, John, and Sherlock sat on the floor of the sitting room with a bottle of sparking grape juice and three tumblers. John raised his glass in a toast to Hamish and Sherlock, "To the three of us." Hamish grinned, drinking his juice in one gulp, leaving behind a red streak above his upper lip. John reached over and wiped the juice away with the sleeve of his long T-Shirt. Hamish giggled.
Sherlock was incredibly nervous, but he knew he had to say something.
John Watson, M.D., swallowed two naproxen with a shot of hotel coffee as he entered the large hall. Even though the lights were dimmed to a pleasant morning glow, he squinted and moved to the back of the room. It was laid out with rectangular tables and chairs that stretched from wall to wall. Nursing his rolling stomach, John sat on the side aisle in case he had to make a hasty retreat.
He's watched over his nation after 9/11. Watched as his brother thwarted a large scale attack on parliament. Put a damper on protests and unrest.
"Sherlock, are you ok? Please? I'm going to open the door and come in."
"You're very nice, Mr. Detective. I'm sorry I rolled my eyes at you."
Watching the guilt roll off of Mycroft's face when he explained his stories that weren't in his files was worth all the wounds, the pain, the silence of these years. Their lives, their missions, had been dancing around each other. Robert had known (of) Mycroft for a very long time, and had known his family. They'd been comrades in arms, fighting against a common enemy, for years, dancing around each other.
He's definitely Sherlock's protégé now.
"John, please, I want to, want to come, with you, please," Oh, Sherlock is begging and John cannot deny him. Sherlock passes him the lubricant and John slicks his two first fingers, entering Sherlock slowly, as he's entering Sherlock, he's teasing the head of his cock with his tongue. Sherlock is grinding himself in circles, flushed.
Sherlock read it, and then typed up his own response.
"I'm not ready," he says slowly, looking up at her, her face unreadable, "To move back in together," he thinks of Sherlock never living with him again, never kissing him again, and more tears fall. He wipes them quickly, "But it's important to-" (him, Sherlock) "the baby, to....so I can work up to it."
Mycroft looks at Robert. He simply raises his eyebrow.
Sherlock smiled at Hamish, "It's one of those things you shouldn't deduce. He'll tell you if he thinks you should know, ok?"
"John...John please..."
It was rapidly becoming his favorite fantasy, that Sherlock would say yes to becoming his husband.  Would he be surprised, or embarrassed, or would he be so completely shocked into silence? John felt sure in his relationship with Sherlock, that he would say yes if the timing was right. They fit together so well, he didn't consider a life where they wouldn't be together forever.
"Sherlock and I found something, John. A link between everything."
John sucked in a breath, "How did you know I had a nightmare?"
Jim calls Seb from a secure line off of the work site. He does his best to keep his voice even, to keep it from cracking. Seb can tell Jim is tired, worried, ready for this part to be over and for Mary to be gotten rid of.
Sherlock continued to look through the crowd for another tartan that looked like his. Tavis poked him in the ribs to get him to face front. In the distance, beyond the barn, the bagpipes began their trilling tune. The wedding guests craned to watch the wedding party proceed through the meadow.  The bagpipe player marched first, followed by the parents of the grooms and the grooms behind them. As they drew closer, Sherlock saw his parents carrying a white, embroidered cloth interwoven with a cord. The fabric was embroidered with light blues and yellows of both clan's tartans.
"Yes?" He stopped answering his phone with his name months ago.
"Oh, Sherlock, love. Stay here. Stay here and we'll go back to the theatre tomorrow. You were amazing, you are amazing, my beautiful boy," John kissed him again, drawing hm closer, covering them both up with the comforter. They were sticky and sweaty, but Sherlock couldn't care enough to leave. As John slowly fell into slumber, Sherlock spent some of the night studying him, watching him sleep, cataloging the exact colors of his skin and hair. He was a marvel. He was worth painting.
They checked into a small hotel very near the docks. They could see their ship from their room.
The rest of the day John and Sherlock spent in the flat, cleaning and straightening it up. Mrs. Hudson was traveling over the weekend and the two men would help Greg the next week with a rather involved and difficult cold case. Unbeknownst to Sherlock, John arranged for his parents to pick up Hamish for the rest of the weekend.
"Sorry, John, trying to keep you from poking your IV."
Sherlock winked, and went through the kitchen door, letting it close gently behind him.
Multiple messages from Lestrade and other friends asking if they were ok after the apartment blast (at least until the news came on indicating there were no casualties), a message from Mrs. Hudson asking John
Last night Sherlock hadn't quite understood what John meant (sometimes the simple gestures go over his head) but he smiles now, running his fingers over his lips. They're best friends, lovers, betrothed; it's just as lovely to passionately make love with John as it is to giggle with him or it is to hold him and talk to him at night about serious and silly matters alike.
John tried to regulate his breathing as he considered he was the only army doctor for miles, and they were most definitely on their own.
Sherlock sighed, putting his phone away, "John, I very much doubt you could make me do anything I don't want to do," he leaned down to look into John's face, "What were you trying to do when you fell?"
"Yes," He stops rubbing Sherlock, his shivering has subsided, "I am here, I will be going home with you. I'm sorry. Did you know?"
"Oh Sherlock, your lover looks so confused. Shouldn't you let him know what's going on?"
"Yes," Sherlock decided on the truth, "It was laid out for me to wear at the wedding."
As he raised his head, Sherlock expected to be able to swing his legs off the bed and stand up in one fluid motion. He tried to roll over, or push himself up, but his back muscles spasmed in sharp, radiating waves.  He was stuck on his side, unable to move without excruciating pain. Sherlock winced, a tear rolling down his face.
Sherlock felt his legs trembling. He shuffled his feet with the hopes John wouldn’t notice.
Sherlock moved his hand to rub John's back, "Yes, we haven't had time to determine how this information benefits Jim Moriarty, or how the agency or insurance links to him, but we've at least come up with something for the investigators to look at."
Sherlock heard a crack, echoing from one end of the building's walls to another.
to reveal their feelings for one another. But since they were John and Sherlock, they had both, on their own, decided to woo the other.
"Did you love him?" Sherlock surprised himself. He never cared about this, or anyone. He was not accustomed to caring, or feeling possessive. Perhaps this was completely inappropriate to ask, "I'm sorry, it's none of my business-"
John looked up into Sherlock's face, unsure of the expression he saw. He felt wrong-footed, communicating in fits and starts, and he desperately wished he could quickly talk to him like Molly. He wondered if Sherlock would grow bored or frustrated with teaching him, or if this was the last time he would see him.
"Here to beg for your brother's life, then?"
"I'm sorry, I don't know why I'm crying," Sherlock said, putting his hand over one of John's. John brushed Sherlock's tears off his cheeks, moving his hands back, lifting his hair up off his neck.
"So, Hamish is ok? If we come back tomorrow?" Sherlock yawned, pulling the covers tighter around them.
Hamish grinned, looking  at his daddy from over Sherlock's shoulder, "Loose ends, daddy! I get to help with that. Like when I was an anony-bus type!"
"So, I'm an idiot child, then? Always to be kept in the dark by the Holmes brothers?"
John has not heard anyone wail like that since the night the fifth Northumberland fusiliers were ambushed, when Corporal Joel screamed out the moment he saw their doctor slump over in a flash of blood and shrapnel.
"I'm late. I was set to arrive yesterday, but I had some sheep that were ill. Is this the Holmes clan home?"
John believes he's utterly lost his mind. But he is happy to be listless, insane, doing something where he has no one to answer to.
Dr. Watson blushed, "Just call me John."
John doesn't have to fake or act exasperated. Jesus. He looks down at the table, then slams his palm down on the table. He's startled a young man at the table next to them.
The three men that were left outside to guard the door attempt to speak to Captain Watson, but he ignores them; climbs back into his seat in the helicopter and begins cleaning his service weapon.
John was the first to turn, exiting the stage. Daemon and Sherlock followed, silently, the three of them turning off all the lights as they went. For the first time in recent memory, the theatre was left completely dark.
"John, this is his life. We have to work, and we have to keep him away, this is not some bloody romance novel. This is eventual, you and he, but we need to use it now. You cannot hide your feelings, you aren't good at hiding your feelings anyway, let's use them. It's still true. I'm just forcing your hand to do it today. Starting today. To cover the nerves, to cover our meetings, to cover our plans. If you cannot do this, we might as well not bother-"
John scooted across the bed, wrapping one arm underneath Sherlock, and one arm over his hip. He took his fingers and wrapped them around Sherlock's, pulling him tight. He felt himself growing hard, as his pelvis was pressed against Sherlock's hip and arse. John did his best to keep his breathing under control, but he could see his warm breath was leaving some moist condensation on Sherlock's collarbone.
He was staring at John, almost through him. John knew he would look frazzled, or upset, but John didn't expect this. Sherlock looked worse than he did after being awake for 4 days. Perhaps he had been.
"John," Sherlock says his name tenderly this time, breaking him out of his wandering thoughts, "Mycroft can help us get married and annul us quickly. But you don't have to do this, if it makes you uncomfortable."
When John insisted that he would come to the wedding, even without an RSVP, Sherlock knew he was wrong. Sherlock hadn't wanted to see that they had been lovers.  Sherlock's final hold on reality had been that John simply didn't love men.
John can hear water running nearby. He needs to piss desperately. He goes further into the woods, relieves himself, then climbs deeper and deeper into the wooded area. He's got money in his fatigues, no cell phone, and he's unsure where he's going. He just wants to disappear. Off the radar.
John laughed, "Luaidh, I am building a house for you. We will be there together."
He backtracked his way towards the flat. When he was a few blocks away, he stopped by his favorite flower shop and created a custom bouquet of red roses surrounded with myrtle and purple violets. While paying, he saw a familiar black car through the shop window. He rolled his eyes, but he was grateful he didn't have to carry a large vase of water and flowers all the way back home. When he crawled in, he was shocked to see Sherlock sitting in the back.
Sherlock's entire family turned as the front door slammed. John's booming voice echoed. He was talking to his clansmen, "We will make the entry ways extra large, just in case.  And the rooms will be large, he will have plenty of space. Lady Violet, how did Sherlock fare today?"
"Captain Dr. John Watson, Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, three years Afghanistan, sir." They salute one another, then shake hands.
John whispers loudly, as if this were a great secret, "Where is your violin? Did we forget your violin?"
John shook his head, "Gregory and my son have both asked for me to take you home. I can't say no. Don't disappoint us."
John and Sherlock began crying, again, tears running down their faces as they smiled. They kissed each other, tasting the salt and saliva. At that moment, Hamish stepped out of the laboratory. He was wearing his new black fireproof apron, his adult sized eye goggles, and a lit flame torch in one hand and blackened pig's ear held with pliers in the other.
John puts his head on Sherlock's shoulder, "We may have to be separated, but the three of us
He kept a diary (written in code) during his time chasing assassins in the Czech Republic. It purposely reads more like a story, so he sets that aside for Mycroft to keep. The code for the diary is hidden within his very battered copy of Three Pirates and the Griffin. He binds the diary and the book together. Mycroft will easily decipher it. It would take a linguistics team months to break it.
as John had taken to calling it, "Well, there is an issue with the owner of the ship we'll be on. This cruise ship, the Baetica, is owned Elias Openshaw. To commemorate gay marriage becoming legal in the UK,  he wants to hold a marriage ceremony between members of the same sex. He's assumed, like most of England that we're a couple," At this, Sherlock slows down, more carefully choosing words, "He would like to officiate our marriage," Sherlock is so close now, John has a hard time getting the food on the plates and on the table. John looks at his face, and Sherlock is biting his lip.
John rubs the back of Sherlock's neck with the pads of his fingers. He reminds Sherlock to breathe; he's nearing a panic attack. His eyes are wide and unfocused, similar to new recruits at their first experience of live gunfire.
"No, girlfriends aren't really my area. I've had a  boyfriend, but don't have one now."
that I am yours? And you are not to be frightened of me?"
The only girl Sherlock showed any interest in was an older girl Sally who  helped him with an experiment. The neighboring clan was losing horses and sheep to an unknown illness. They'd reached out to Sherlock for his assistance. To reach a conclusion, their daughter Sally helped him dissect the  the neighboring clan's horses and sheep. They'd discovered the animals had gotten into some rotten feed that was hidden in the back of their stable.
"Sherlock, people hardly ever do what you expect," He smiled, "Do you want to talk about the case? How we're doing to pull this off, or what we're going to do? Do you still want to go through it, with me?"
"Keep it on you. You don't know when you'll be struck. It's different than making love to a woman. Women produce their own lubrication when they're amorous, but men have to use oil so it doesn't hurt. You can also use other methods that feel good. You can touch each other. Kiss. Give each other pleasure without penetrating into one or the other. But penetrating your lover feels like nothing else. A connection. When you are penetrated, there is a nerve your lover strikes. It feels incredibly good to be touched. Pleasure like nothing else."
"Where is he? He's better than I thought he would be. He's beautiful. I hurt. Please," Sherlock's head throbbed with every word he spoke. Even though it sent a shock through his teeth with every syllable, he needed them to understand. He  was terrified that John was being taken away from him, "I know I didn't want a husband, but I want John."
"Greg? Lestrade?!"
Robert pats him on the thigh, grinning, "You know I don't know where I'm originally from, at least not for sure. You've read my file."
John shook his head, "I'm out numbered with you two."
Daemon jumped a bit when the doors opened. John walked in, quiet, hands in his pockets. Sherlock and Daemon watched him walk through the audience seats, all three men too exhausted to speak. John stood between them, looking up at the scaffolding.
John pulls Sherlock back into his bedroom (their bedroom) peeling off Sherlock's shirt, grabbing at his pants, his belly. They giggle at each other, this is absolutely ridiculous; always murders and then laughing and making love, the two of them, the only two in the world.
John, who is more used to physical affection and relationships, is keeping his attention a little more; but only slightly. They lean into each other, they give one another sidelong glances, they pat or grab one another's hands when they feel the other is upset about the discussion.
Because they were male, and British, and stubborn, it had taken them years and the ruse of a case to just
Robert's office is warmly decorated. His office walls are lined with drawings from nieces, nephews, and young siblings. His desk is covered in papers neatly stacked into wire mesh baskets. His coat and a sweater hang on hooks near the door. Pop music is lightly playing on an old, beat up oak bookshelf.
"Are you cold?" Sherlock tried to pull up the blanket to coax John to join him, but his limbs felt heavy. He was sleepy again, even though it seemed he'd been sleeping for nearly three days.
"-I napped and ate crackers."
She cocks the gun, allowing the sensory memory to take Sherlock over. He can't help his knees giving out now; she pulls away, his only support gone. Sherlock crumbles forward, his forearms barely breaking his collapse into the pavement. He hears her clipped steps grow fainter and fainter.
"A larger scale bully, but yes. He makes up stories just close enough to the truth and earns money with threats."
"ohmygod, yes John," Sherlock grinds down onto John, pulling friction against his own cock as John pushes deeply into him, "I'm yours, you're mine."
John exhales a breath. They are flying into Liberec, right on schedule. They would fly in, take a helicopter to the countryside to the south of the city, waiting for the caravan of seedy criminals that were expecting John, Mycroft, and their band of merry men to be friendlies.  They would capture, torture if needed, to get to Moriarty.
"Sherlock, please, nothing between us, nothing. Beauty, let me see you." Daylight was beginning to fill the room. Sherlock's hands shook as he pulled the clothes up over his head, leaning back on John's thighs. He rolled over, allowing John to strip, then John hooked his legs around again and rolled them a rotation so John was on top.
Sherlock jumped up, yelling, causing Daemon to drop the crumpled Playbill program on his face.
"Help me up, you berk," John growled.
John looked down at him, folded up into a compact space on the couch, tucked into his arms. He ran his fingers down Sherlock's braids and through his curls. John looked up when he felt someone pressing on the backrest of the couch.
"I like you in my bed, Sherlock, my prìseil. Tell me. Tell me you like me in your bed. You are an innocent. I want to know you want me. Let me."
"You won't hurt him?!" Moriarty was nearly in tears, his voice scratchy. He was desperate.
"You missed me," Robert says playfully, knocking into Mycroft with his shoulder.
He woke up to hands stroking his hair and shoulders. At first, he thought Irene had put his head on her lap but the feel of the fingers was wrong. He turned his head, disoriented. He remembered the smell of John's bed, and he realized he was tucked into John's lap. He smiled, just catching bits of sawdust in John's hair reflected in the sunlight.
John grabbed Sherlock even closer, causing his groom to lose his breath, "I have to get you to bed. Properly. I know we just got dressed-"
John realized, the shock and pain hitting him all at once, that he'd been shot in his bad shoulder. The shoulder didn't hurt because the nerve endings had been damage previously. Sherlock was saying something, as were the doctors, nurses, passengers, but he couldn't make out the sound.
"No, John," Daemon said, stepping right behind Sherlock, "Frankly, I'm going to be having nightmares for years, I was right by Anderson when he-" he covered his eyes with his hand, "I don't want to be by myself. Can I come in with you two?"
Sherlock heard the clanging of a wrench against a light, "Can't quite hear you, Irene, be down one sec,"
Over the past two days, he has spent the majority of it in bed. In the company of another person. He has barely checked his emails, only just caught a few phone calls, and scarcely eaten more than a few bites of toast and some pieces of fruit.
"Sherlock, I want you to remember that you're mine. Forever. Remember, from this first time, I was the first person to have you."
John is alone in the chinook for at least 20 minutes, just cleaning and putting away his high powered weapon, packing away his knife, but keeping his smaller defensive service weapon on him.
"Sherlock, you've been crying."
The five men are set down, more gently than John anticipated, their weapons piled near the door by the tacticals. When they are sitting and they are secured with ropes, and they each have a gun barrel to their head, Mycroft begins speaking, "co víte o žena volá sama Mary Morstanová?"
Tavis passed Sherlock a cup of mead, encouraging Sherlock to join the rowdy conversation. Other cousins on the Wallace side, Norris, Gavin and Price, all made Sherlock feel like a tall and skinny pole. The two Holmes cousins, Jaime and Eric, favored Sherlock in their wiry looks and pale complexion. They all were loud, swapping stories of conquests. Sherlock had heard all these stories before, and, the same as before, he had nothing to contribute.
"John, obviously, Sherlock beat us here and contacted Moriarty directly before we arrived."
"You'll start to feel better. The nurse will be here soon, and will give you some more medicine," Sherlock rubs circles into John's back, kissing his ear.
John handed the flowers to Sherlock, who held them out at arms length.
Mrs. Watson was positioned so she could see both Sherlock sitting next to her and John cooking at the grill. She called back over to John, "Are you sure you don't want us to work on coffee?"
Sherlock looked away and turned to Jaime, "You all found me tiresome when we were children. You told me that no one would put up with me and my sharp tongue or my ridiculous habits. You know me better than anyone else and you can't stand me."
"Why didn't you kill Magnussen when you had the chance?"
John inhaled a breath sharply, "Jesus, Sherlock," and John used the pads of his thumbs to smooth over his cheekbones and under his eyes, wiping away the tears.
"You cannot build it in a little more than a week," Sherlock huffed, wrapping his fingers around the tie in John's plaid, "I cannot be without you every night until we finally have a house of our own." John moved close to Sherlock, "You won't, my beauty-" he exhaled sharply as Sherlock tugged on his plaid, dropping it to the floor, leaving him completely naked. Sherlock grinned at him, looking at his body from the tips of his toes to the crown of his head. John cocked his eyebrow, even standing with his spine straight while under inspection.
Sherlock sniffled, and John gathered him up in his arms, tipping him back like a swooning heroine. He whispered into his ear, "I fixed the wall. I moved the bed. I'm going to show you how much I absolutely love you. Keep Hamish busy so he sleeps well tonight," John kissed him deeply, "Actually, I may see if we can get the flat to ourselves. We haven't even been in all the rooms yet."
"please be more quiet. WE HAVE YOUNG CHILDREN."
Sherlock pushed the pillows down to his lower back, using it as an excuse to move closer, "I've never been good with people, Mycroft's been better. I was so much younger than him, so I wasn't a younger brother, but more of an only child. I was smart, tall, skinny, terrible at sports, my hair always looked like a rats' nest. I've just never been good looking-"
Now, here, in his sitting room, Mrs. Hudson was covering up. Terrified of being discovered, she wasted time by wandering through Sherlock's living room. Her skirt flowed out as she turned, running her hands over the peeling wallpaper. The hem curled up, and he saw the yellow and purple patterns on her calves and ankles. He could deduce by her posture the blows against her spine. She might have internal bleeding, even though she was standing upright. She was prattling on about the rooms, the space, but Sherlock heard only the roaring of blood in his ears and the smell of fresh soil and the grip of calloused hands on his thighs.
"John, what's wrong?"
John waited. It was a daring move, to come out and say what he was thinking. He was feeling bold, electric, that if he didn't do something to help show Sherlock how he felt he would burst away from his bones.
Robert had slept in the guest bed. Mycroft had slept in his own bed.
I forgive you. I forgave you. I love you. I hope I can explain what I've been doing and why I did what I did, and why I'm gone now. I will be in touch as soon as I can.
He jogs away before Mary, or any of her many minions, catch on that he's not just any vagrant in the alley.
He takes our the rest of his food, eats it slowly. Drinks a small bottle of water. John decides sometime mid afternoon to move on. He wonders if he's had a complete mental breakdown, as he's never wanted to leave his life, or run away before. As he begins walking a path, it swooping slightly uphill, he wonders again if he shot himself if anyone would notice. If anyone would find him. He doesn't like these thoughts and he wonders what Ella would say. Is it more PTSD? Anger? Heartbreak?
"Touch me," Sherlock asked.
Sherlock stood in the middle of his bedroom, holding on to his handkerchief, and asked with wonder, "So I'm finally to be married? It wasn't a dream?"
Boots on the ground.
The detective didn't say a word, but stood with a hand on his hip and pointed to the door.
"Come, luaidh, let's get you some food and drink. It's been a long few days," John whispered in his ear, pulling away to kiss him on his cheek. Sherlock turned and observed John's face. John Hamish Watson had deep circles under his eyes and worry lines crinkling his brow. John was exhausted from working on their new home, as the physical work is what had kept John's mind off Sherlock's condition after the fall.
"No, it's fine. I'm just a little, a little lost today. I'm enjoying the company."
John's mouth was moving faster than his brain, "You're wearing jeans?"
They hear the group approaching from 11 o'clock position. John breathes, listening to Mycroft's soft command and hand gestures for silence.
They are in a rhythm now, their erections and fingers and hips all bumping into each other, never losing eye contact, kissing and breathing heat into each other's mouths. John releases and shudders into Sherlock and Sherlock grabs him tightly, burrowing into his neck, grabbing his bicep, as John uses both hands on Sherlock in earnest.
After they entered the room, they got ready for bed, not speaking. They were both nervous, they both knew each other well enough to know the other was nervous, but they didn't acknowledge it.
John feels a push in his balls, and he spills into Sherlock, pushing himself back down onto the bed. He grabs Sherlock's cock, wet with sweat, pulling it from between their stomachs. He comes quickly; they grind their mouths into each other as Sherlock cries John's name, screams his name.
"Sherlock," John whispers as he falls on the bed, tangling and pulling the detective with him. He's leading Sherlock this time; the man has hardly blinked or spoken. John falls on the right of the bed, Sherlock on the left. John bites his lip thinking of how the two of them slept on these sides at the bottom of the stairs on The Stag Night.
"Are you?" Sherlock's eyes are moving quickly, but his lids are slowly pulling down, and up, in a slow rhythm, slow as his chest raising and falling. John is subconsciously reading his eyes for Morse code, then remembers he is safe. It is just the two of them. If they are willing, they can speak freely.
Mycroft continues, "We've got two possibilities, we can.." John rubs his eyes, trying desperately not to cry. Jesus. Did Sherlock feel like this when he was planning the jump off the building? God, no. Jesus, no. He reminds himself to breathe, worrying that he's having a PTSD panic attack as he can't hear Mycroft prattling on.
In the six days since John and Sherlock's first official date, Sherlock had run himself ragged. What the press called "a satanic ritual" had taken place near the Thames river and a body hanging by its feet was slung over a tree on Guildhall school grounds. The students had been terrified and the school closed. There was graffiti at the satanic ritual locale that matched a brand that was burnt into the corpse's flesh. It was at least an 8, and involved interviews, interrogations, and running back and forth across London. Sherlock was back into his old habits, the familiar adrenaline rush. He was consulting alone.
John's mind wanders as Sherlock discusses the case, and his methodology for ferreting out the truth. He's thinking about being on a ship, with Sherlock, in a small room for at least a week. John finds just the idea of being an imaginary couple with Sherlock holds a lot of appeal, no matter how much he knows it will hurt for them to return back to what they have now. It will just be the two of them, and the work.
Mycroft stares, at his baby brother, tears running down his face, curls long enough to cover his neck. He looks just like when he was eight.
Sherlock has been home for two days; John is practicing acting, keeping his mind and his facial expressions quiet and neutral. He knew, meeting Mycroft, what he would say. That John would need to stay out of the plans. John was not good at lying, at covert operations, especially when it came to Sherlock, or Mary. He was volatile, open, easily read. John's stomach churned as he waited for Mycroft, looking out the window at the cabs and the pedestrians. He swirled his coffee cup, his jaw clenching, his eyes watering from too little sleep. Mycroft comes in the cafe: three piece suit, put out expression, umbrella. He slides in the booth across from John. John thinks of the conversation regarding Irene's 'death' and what deductions can be made of Sherlock's heart, and his childhood desire to be a pirate.
The wedding guests milled around wooden casks of mulled wine, most of each groom's families not wandering from their own clan. The colors of tartan were mostly the blues of Holmes and yellow of Lestrades, but a few stood out like Sherlock. A few wore deep red, a few wore green blue and one old man had on a tartan of white.
She crosses behind another alley, across another street. He moves across, crawls down as quickly and quietly as he can, picking his new path as she jaywalks diagonally.
Sherlock nodded, finally finding his voice, "Yea, I thought it would be simple. Didn't realize the extra...um....bars and things that would need to be added."
Hamish continued to go on about his experiment. John leaned over and kissed Sherlock, and kissed Hamish, "You need to clean it up!"
Something clicks in his mind that nearly brings him to his knees. The man, a few years younger than him, zip tying his wrists. He's seen him. His ghost, he called him. Holding his bleeding shoulder in Helmand. Photos. Who is this -
Sherlock moved, leaning away from John, "So, it's just, staying, whatever makes-" Sherlock didn't finish his sentence. He jumped off of the reclining deck chair and moved toward the bow of the ship, near the observation deck, and turned the corner. He was walking briskly, with his hands in his pockets and his head down.
Sherlock and Mycroft will be approaching behind with an operative. Five.
Sherlock turned and whispered back, "You are brilliant, my dear," and gave John a small kiss on his cheek.
Sherlock didn't respond. He took the handfasting cloth and unwraped it, throwing it over his shoulder. He grabbed John's hand and ran, laughing as he and John climbed into the horse wagon. As he sat down, smoothing down the handfasting cloth over his laugh, John kissed his husband breathlessly, "That is the most ridiculous thing I've ever done."
"Well….I'm trying. I've got most of the recipe for pancakes, so I'm going to try it. The recipe is specific with measurements but they aren't very specific with the directions about cooking it on the griddle. I'm not sure how to do that part."
"My dearest Sherlock. No doubt you can hear us from this spot and you know where the handfasting will take place. I hope you have gathered all the flowers as I've asked, because I've imagined this moment for days. I've closed my eyes, and all I can see is you, with your beautiful curls and braided hair, coming over the ridge to our new homestead, carrying flowers that symbolize my deep love and respect for both your body and your mind. When you come across the ridge you will see a wagon and
, which I won't understand if I don't understand what it means
"When Mycroft figured out what happened, after he sent me home, he went next door…he was 15, and he killed the neighbor. Smashed a garden shovel over his head. Just meant to knock him out while the police were on their way, but it was a bit too hard…..Mycroft was going to be sent away, and I had to prove it wasn't premeditated, that the bruises on me were from him….the neighbor."
"Not as much. I would make deductions about his boyfriend, Greg Lestrade, and it made my brother upset. He had to remind me quite often about our mother to get me to stop."
Even in the very dim light, John sees Sherlock's ears and chest turn pink.
Sherlock contacted Mycroft first, who was at home with Greg. The photo of Hamish, John, and Sherlock from just a few hours before was the most recent photo of Hamish. He had blonde hair, nearly white, but with curls. His eyes were blue. He was tanned, quite darker than Sherlock's complexion, and he was smiling widely.
Forever.
John rolled his fingers over Sherlock's aching muscles for a few minutes before speaking.
"Gregory assures me he conducts random drug raids and tests as part of your Consulting Detective agreement and you've been clean for five years. I will bring you home to be cared for but if my son is exposed to any bad habits....."
Mary doesn't wave, doesn't smile. She stares straight ahead, and he wonders if she's even seen him. Her jaw tightens, so he knows she sees him. He slips in across the table from her. He waits to see if she will talk. She stares. Jesus.
"I won't have to. I know your acting skills are not as strong, as my brother's," Mycroft waves the waiter away as he approaches the table, "You only have to keep Sherlock away from what we're doing for a while, then we will let him in. But not yet."
When Sherlock paused, John squeezed him tightly, kissing his cheek and jaw.
"Woozy?" John asked, putting the back of his hand on Sherlock's cheek.
"Oh, you're supposed to be dead, too. Apparently hell was full that day and spit us out."
He threw the butt into the fireplace, and lit his second one. As he felt the dizzying rush of nicotine, he heard someone entering the flat.
The murderer assumed the doctor or the ambulance crew wouldn’t run after him, or that they would block the police from getting to him. The murderer just saw a
With perfect aim, she throws the pan, knocking it into his forehead. She moves up to him, grabs him tight by the collar. Dazed, he yelps, saying something about "being Sherlock's friend" and "only being there to help guard her."
Mycroft explains to them that the coroner will leak, through the network, that someone with Jim Moriarty's DNA and description was found shot in the drug den. Deception on top of deception. Mary will hear, and they will confirm, that she believes she killed Moriarty, even though her intention was just to unsettle him by taking out operatives.
As John wiped off his eyes and cheeks with the bottom of his T-Shirt, he dug behind a crooked bookshelf and brought out a metal floor lamp. He tossed the lampshade aside, throwing it up over his shoulder. He ducked just in time as he exited the doorway so the bulb didn't crack against the doorway's lintel.
John reluctantly got off of Sherlock's lap so they could dress. John chose jeans and a jumper. Sherlock dressed in jeans and a button up. As they dressed together, John did his best to be a gentleman and turn away as he dressed. However, he couldn't help watching Sherlock as he slipped jeans over his hips.
He knew John was at work, but he decided to call anyway. To hear his voicemail, if nothing else.
He hates Jim's voice. His toes curl. His palms sweat. He smells chlorine. Again. (God, will it always be this way?) He has to remember to breathe. He tries to remember the Afghan dirt and sun, wishing the memories of Jim, and what he drove Sherlock to do, weren't more painful than being shot. More painful than believing he was dying.
Sherlock went back to the kitchen before he heard any more, turning on the water in the kitchen sink. As he filled it to  the top with warm, soapy water and dirty dishes, he whistled to himself to drown out their conversation. As Sherlock was soaping up a plate, he considered how his ribs were nearly free of aches. Waking up alone in his flat was so much different than waking up here with John and Hamish.
"Okay," John says, careful to smile at Sherlock, "So, you're asking me to marry you?"
Sherlock had originally assumed (balance of probability) that John and Major Sholto had grown close as comrades in arms. Working in the battlefield- whether it be Afghanistan or London-  creates fast and deep brotherly love.
The radius is evacuated, safety secured. 37 minutes after John and Mycroft leave Baker Street, their team detonates a bomb that blows out most of their flat; keeping most of the structure in tact, but it will be enough to get on the news. Operation 'Evacuation' commences.
"John. John, are you playing? What's wrong?"
"John?" Mycroft was always business, "I just wanted to be sure you wanted this, that you weren't being pressured or locked in some dungeon until you agreed."
Sherlock tucked the rings into his jacket pocket. They fought over who was paying, until the jeweler finally made them agree to each pay half. "A gift of a ring from one to the other," he explained.
"Yes, together."
"Christmas?" John clenches his fist, rubs his fingers in a splay across his thigh.
"Hamish!" John sniffed, bending down to look at Hamish more closely, "Why does your room smell so terrible? What have you been doing?"
Sherlock from him; so many wasted hours of grief and pain after he'd jumped. John tries his best to hide his glee at Mycroft's master plan, but he knows the consulting criminal could tell he was enjoying it. Small paybacks.
John looked up at Sherlock and burst into laughter. Sherlock smiled back and started laughing, tears in his eyes.
John watched the two of them for the next thirty minutes. They were bent over a couple of boxes, using a pencil and a marker to draw diagrams of some type on the box tops. He only caught snippets of their conversation. From what he could tell, they were configuring the laboratory and planning out where everything would fit. Both of them were grinning, each taking turns talking and writing something new on the bits of cardboard lying around the room.
Sherlock and Hamish were both indignant. Sherlock mentioned that knowing information about leaves would be valuable in detective work, and Hamish huffed that he was almost done and if he let him finish he wouldn't bring it to Sherlock's flat. Sherlock offered to help Hamish finish the experiment and clean up the mess.
Sherlock spoke from the floor, his face and fingers pressing into the carpet. He was reminding himself that he was here, in John's room, not anywhere else. "What time is it?" John crawled across the bed to his night stand, pulling up his phone. "It's 3am, Sherlock. Do you want to come back to bed?"
Sherlock texted Sally to have
Charles Augustus Magnussen smacks his lips. (This, the destruction of the Holmes brothers, this will be his greatest masterpiece).
The tall drink of water with the unforgettable name,
Sherlock shuffled closer to John, placing his hand on his calf, "But I have no gift to give you."
"Oh god, yes."
"We? Really. We?" He punches on the word 'we.'
"That's all you think he is, a bully?"
John sat himself on the stage floor, his head in his hands. Before Sherlock could make a move to comfort him, the Sheriff was walking back to them with heavy steps, her face red.
"Daddy, can Mr. Detective take me to a decomposition site? That would be so cool. I could compare days, and temperatures, and body types. I could make notes so I have information when I'm a detective I'll know what to look for-"
John couldn't help but grin at the other man, pushing his curls behind his ear. They looked at one another for a moment, then John typed out a phrase. He had to erase it and start over twice.
"You have Hamish," Sherlock punctuated the word
He just texts one word "Icarus" . Robert texts back "intact."
"Hi Uncle Greg. Uncle Mycroft's brother was hurt and he can't be alone. We are here at the hospital. I know you're on your sex holiday-"
"Yes, Sherlock." Mycroft leaves quietly, keeping the door slightly ajar. He goes downstairs to pour himself a scotch while he stares out the window. There is so much waiting in stakeouts, and missions. Terribly boring and tedious; always why Mycroft normally left the field work to the smartest goldfish.
Sherlock wants to hold John the minute he sees him, but he can tell John is angry with him. More angry than when he returned from being dead.
"John, God, please, fuck me. God, begging you," John rubs lubricant on himself as slowly as possible, teasing him,"This is for the full severed head you left in our fridge,"
Christ, Sherlock looked so perplexed, "Well, from the Czech Republic."
Sherlock held on to his brother's arm as the room had begun to spin. He laid down on his front, his face pressed against the comforter. His forehead grounded against the mattress seemed to help the worst of the dizziness. Invalid? Wasting away? He was moving. His head felt hollowed by radiating pain, and he preferred his eyes closed, but he had to get up. He had to find John.
They were both quiet, Sherlock only able to breath and gasp as John worked on his back, John exhaling as he pushed with his knuckles.
"Why do you think he would be doing this himself? To what purpose?" Sherlock was walking very close to John, being careful to walk in pace with John so they could continue to hold hands.
"Are we on a boat, Sherlock?" is what John mumbles, but his throat feels so scratchy he's not sure if he can be understood. John reaches, trying to find the person next to him, and touches a leg, a knee, patting it. He's trying to get his mind to orient to what is up and what is down; In a fleeting panic he hopes the person next to him is Sherlock.
"Oh, I go there," he said and tried to sound nonchalant, but mostly ended up sounding flustered. Sherlock dared cast a sideway glance at Victor, and was met with an intense stare. Victor's eyes were beautifully brown, his skin flawless and tanned. Subconsciously, Sherlock lowered his gaze to Victor's lips, casually observing that they were parted and moist.
[15:55] Fine. SH
(12:05) That you hid my socks, obviously. SH
(05:22) You think so? SH
The wall on the far right was covered with a large oak bookcase which stretched from the floor to the very last centimeter underneath the ceiling. It was filled to the brim with books. John's eyes darted over them.
(12:17) Forget what I just said. SH
He roughly pushed Sherlock back against the closed door, pinning the detective’s arms above his head, crushing their lips together desperately. After a short moment, Sherlock kissed him back, unable to move his arms, but fiercely lapping at John’s lips with his tongue. Letting out a guttural groan, John pushed one knee in between Sherlock’s legs, gasping when his erection brushed against Sherlock’s thigh. To his utter surprise, he could also feel the hard length of Sherlock’s cock against his lip, his arousal reaching a new spike which he wasn’t even aware was possible.
(22:27) There's a serial killer out there, and you want to talk about dating? SH
They were kissing and the pressure was building inside John’s body and then Sherlock’s lips were on John’s neck again and John just couldn’t hold it together anymore.
(05:45) I’m glad. I prefer this version of you. SH
Sherlock was hardly paying any attention to the commotion around them, his eyes focused on finding the man they were here to gather information about. Quickly spotting him in a more secluded corner, he dragged John with him, trying to make it seem like they were searching for an available spot for themselves. All beds were taken, the only available space being a sofa in the far back, next to a bald man in his forties. He was looking at his phone, seemingly texting, waiting for somebody to arrive. Sherlock pulled John a little closer to the man on the sofa, standing in between two marble pillars, the stones on either side obscuring them from curious eyes like a heavy curtain. The sounds were muffled, but John was already too aroused and terrified to think of anything but how absolutely stunning Sherlock looked, his lips parted, his fingers absentmindedly running along the soft bottom lip.
Hastily, he stubbed out his cigarette, not thinking twice before typing a reply.
"I'll be in touch," he said, and the line disconnected.
(07:45) Now, listen to me. My brother can fix this. You just have to trust me. SH
‘Yes, but… when?’
Sherlock. The I-consider-myself-married-to-my-work-though-I-am-flattered-thank-you-and-goodbye Sherlock. John had never seen Sherlock like that before; he was brooding and texting a lot, and he seemed almost love-struck. He became defensive whenever Irene was brought up in conversation and was painstakingly irritated with John at all times. Jealousy burned hot and red in John’s veins, and he had to do a lot of counting-to-tens to prevent himself from doing something incredibly reckless that could potentially ruin everything.
"Good morning to you too, brother dear. Say, how has your little--shall we say 'distraction'--been going?"
(17:09) Don't let my brother get to you. Please. SH
The thought of never talking to H again made Sherlock's chest feel tight, but at the same time he was afraid he would get hurt if he let his guard down. Sherlock had never let anyone get close, and the idea of trusting another person and letting them into his life frightened him beyond measure. He had learned early on that sentiment was a chemical defect and that other people were not to be trusted. But what if he was wrong? What if H was different? There was a tiny part of him that wanted to believe that H was worth taking a risk for.
(11:45) No one really. As you might have noticed, people don't really like me. Besides, I don't mind being alone. SH
(01:17) John, you don't need me. I'll just end up disappointing you again and again. I can't be the person you want me to be. SH
(05:15) People normally tell me to piss off before I’ve had time to introduce myself. SH
(17:30) Right. SH
“Get Sherlock? What’s that supposed to mean? You said his name was Moriarty? I’ve never heard that name.”
Sherlock couldn't stop thinking about Victor, about his intense, dark brown eyes that had suddenly made his knees go weak, his prominent jawline and carefully styled hair that had had just enough product in it to make it look accidentally tousled; about his slim but strong body, the broad shoulders and solid arms. And his lips. His lips, kissing Sherlock's. Just the thought of those full, pretty lips, pressed against his, sent shivers down Sherlock's spine.
Opposite the books stood a fancy, dark-brown desk, and on top of it stood a microscope, petri dishes and a number of test tubes. There was also a gas burner and what looked to be a small container of hair. John chuckled softly at himself. Of course he had been genuine about his experimenting.
(22:06) I don’t go to parties. SH
(12:07) I hate you. SH
(17:18) They are his minions. SH
(18:41) Yes. You're in danger. I'm sorry. I will fix this, I promise. SH
'I will have someone look over the appropriate CCTV footage. When and where was he taken?'
(21:59) I’d hoped for something more original. SH
(12:17) Eating cake and not getting his hands dirty. SH
(09:37) We’re not in Asia, John. SH
(See the end of the chapter for
(03:34) Always do. I was on campus, there was some party in someone's dorm. H
(07:51) It’s hardly of any importance to you. SH
Sherlock gently pulled him down on top of himself and kissed him senseless, his hands firm on John’s buttocks, grinding their hips together. John swore he could see fireworks.
(13:55) Yes, you could say I fight crime. But I’m hardly a superhero. SH
(14:46) You don’t know where you’re going to stay? SH
(14:19) I see. SH
Before Sherlock could think about what had just happened, Victor reached into his back pocket, pulling out a pen and paper. He quickly scribbled his phone number and gave it to Sherlock, leaning in and kissing his cheek.
(03:40) Whatever, it’s your skin. I don’t care. SH
(10:05) How quaint. For Queen and Country. SH
(13:32) Ah, I see. You’re doing pretty well, I must admit. SH
John smiled a little, propping his head up against the headboard of his bed. He clutched his phone to his chest and let out a shaky breath. This was extremely selfish, extremely self-destructive, but he couldn't help himself. He had watched Sherlock for a year, never once gathering the courage to talk to him; he couldn't talk to him. The only reason he was allowed to talk to Mike and Greg was that they were already in relationships, and had no way of "damaging" John, as his father so sweetly put it. When Harry had come out as gay and ran away, his father hadn't taken it well. He was used to it now, making excuses and feigning sickness in the aftermath of his father's rage. Bruises, cuts, sometimes even fractures. Gingerly, John rubbed the side of his neck which still hurt and was little purple from a few days ago. If he was going to keep Sherlock, even only secretly in his phone, he was going to have to be extremely careful.
"John, are you alright?"
At least, John can’t punch him through the phone, Sherlock thinks bitterly as he answers the call.
(07:45) I suppose you could if you really want to. But don't touch anything. SH
(09:10) John. 4. Number four. 4 victims. What do you know about number four and roses? Is there any connection? Do some research. SH
(03:25) I’d hoped you wouldn’t be stupid enough to tattoo someone’s initials on your skin. SH
(03:21) Just ignore what I said. SH
Sherlock looks desperately at the clock for the tenth time within the last few minutes, staring at it intently, willing time to stop. The weight on his chest seems to grow heavier and heavier with each passing minute, making it hard to breathe. It’s already past ten in the evening, and Sherlock knows he’s running out of time. John will leave London in seven hours and forty-eight minutes to begin his military training, and by then, it will be too late to help him. All his efforts will have been in vain if he lets John walk out the door of his sister’s house before he has solved the case. If John leaves the house while the madman is still out there, Sherlock won’t be able to protect him. He knows that the man is very much capable of hurting John, and Sherlock has every reason to believe that he will do so.
(10:13) Is this some kind of joke? I got your number from a reliable source, you reported a crime last Wednesday at thirteen past eight in the evening. SH
Sherlock nodded weakly.
(00:03) I thought you said you wouldn't be long. SH
“What?” Sherlock splutters, and feels his cheeks heat up.
Did he mean he met a friend, had me met someone he liked? Despite himself, John felt jealousy flaring up, hot and red.
(14:47) Dear god. Do you really believe in such crap? SH
He felt guilty that all he thought was how relieved he was. Sherlock deserved to be happy, more than anyone else John knew, but he was selfish and drunk and needed to hear Sherlock speak for just a little while longer. Even if it was torturous for him.
(07:07) I wouldn’t say it’s petty if your father is going to kill you because of it. SH
The farmhand looked at Lord Watson for a long moment, finally stating, "Very well, sire. Let me air out the house a bit and refresh it with dried lavender. Then we will leave you alone unless you specifically call for us." He then broke his horse off into a gallop, calling out to the other farmhand.
He heard some commotion that sounded miles away, but his eyes closed before he could say anything.
His second thought was
John teased him as they bounded down the stairs, "Well, he can't come unsupervised, I would have to come with him, if that's ok."
After it was solved, nearly four days into the case, they were able to go home. They collapsed into bed, dead to the world. When Sherlock slept, he crashed and couldn't be roused for anything. John, for years he'd been used to adrenaline and sleep in small doses, always woke up after four hours as if he were on a hospital or a base rotation. It was inconvenient.
"All right," he took Sherlock's hand and they walked together down the street and into the theatre. It was empty, and Sherlock excused himself to shower in the green room, blushing when he realized he was wearing yesterday's clothes. John grinned, offering to wash Sherlock's clothes while he showered.
"Actions, Sherlock."
He walks room by room, goes upstairs. Upstairs, a stench reaches his nostrils and nearly bowls him over.
Sherlock signed, taking his time to make sure she understood.
"Mycroft," Robert says, chuckling, "How are you any less frightening than him? It sounds as if you've just described yourself."
Mycroft continues, "He's safe in my bolt hole. He will be well cared for and returned to you once this is all over."
"Sherlock, you know I'm a terrible actor. You know that, right?" John continues to pet him, smoothing his hair, rubbing his shoulders, "Please, sit on the couch with me. Please."
"Sherlock, love, I'm here, it's me,"
Daemon watched Sherlock grab his wallet and run outside. He tried to follow, but Sherlock shooed him back inside, asking him to wait there in case John was released.
reason. The
His heart bursting with affection, john crawls in behind Sherlock, pulls the blankets tightly around them. He listens to Sherlock's breathing and runs his fingers through his damp curls. His hands lightly touch his arms, his thighs; just rubbing gently in affection.
both thumbs up, pushed inward against his chest, and then swooped up and out.
Sherlock spent thirty two more hours in the hospital. Dr. John Watson -
but he trudges ahead, "So, we'll be on the ship, then, for a while? To try and catch who is sending the threatening letters or emails?"
"I have no idea what I'm doing-"
"If you say so-"
John felt Sherlock lean away from him and lean towards Hamish, "You were worried about being able to call me Papa?"
John moved closer, "Are you sure you aren't Hamish's father?"
John wanted to open his eyes, but he couldn't. He heard the beeps of hospital machines, and it was comforting. It reminded him of work, of familiarity, of an environment in which he was used to navigating. He listened as hard as he could. Who was in the hall? He heard yelling. He heard feet pounding against the floor. He heard a nurse yelling, or a doctor?
John then took his middle knuckle of his right hand and dug it into the fleshy part of the top of Greg's thigh. Greg didn't flinch, didn't move and didn't even change his breathing pattern. He spoke calmly and evenly, stating, "For a well respected, military war veteran and medical professional that is supposed to give a presentation at this conference you are acting as a
"John, John." Sherlock kisses John, pecks and kisses on his jaw, his cheeks, he takes his hand and kisses the inside of his palm. John rubs Shelock's lips and cheek with his thumb, and they slip down into the bed, facing each other, winding around each other.
He'd cracked the case on 4 am on Friday, texting John immediately after.
voice. You just have to do what he says when he uses that voice. No arguments." The men laughed, but John replied, "It's true."
John cupped water and washed Sherlock's hair, letting the soap and herb's wash over his entire body. After he was clean, John went back to Sherlock's hair, gently massaging his scalp with alternating fingernail scratches and presses. Sherlock felt his muscles relax and his eyes begin to close. John gently tickled his fingers over his ribs, stirring him awake. A bit of water splashed outside the tub onto the floor.
John walks down another forest path, the sunlight beginning to warm him. He feels like a child run away from home. He wonders if anyone misses him. Isn't that what children do, run away to see if people will miss them? To get attention?
But he heard Sherlock crying out for John in the middle of nightmares, saw the red rimmed eyes that were only from crying, and noticed the pattern of doses that wasn't taken for fun; the drugs were taken to make him forget.
Sally, who was curious and a little taken aback by Sherlock bringing someone to the crime scene, asked, "Who is this person?"
(Sociopath my ass) John thought as he pulls his sleeve down over his hand, using his shirt cuff to gently wipe away Sherlock's tears. John kisses him gently, "My sweet prince, I love you." He searches his gorgeous blue/ green eyes, wondering at who made him so insecure.
Sherlock holds his breath.
"Sherlock," John said it softly and with tenderness, "I know leaving your family would make you unhappy. How could I wish to make you unhappy? I want whatever you want."
"Mycroft, these surprises are wearing on my nerves," John follows Mycroft, with the group of soldiers, leaving five to guard the men. John begins to feel a cold sweat down his neck and lower back, and is grateful that he penned Sherlock a group of letters before he left on this mission.
"You don't want to marry me?"
"Sherlock, my beloved, breathe. Breathe my love," John pulled back, peppering Sherlock's neck with kisses. John continued to rub Sherlock's arms with solid, grounding touches, encouraging him to slow down.
John noticed that the flowers were no longer on the table. He went to sit in one of the chairs, and his heart hurt. He stared at the chair that Sherlock had sat in, his heart aching with the memory of the kisses they'd shared earlier.
"Please leave." Sherlock snapped, still unsteady on his feet. He shuffled to his bedroom, climbing into bed while wearing his same clothes.
Sherlock hardly breathed as John had spoken. His eyes never turned away, his voice never waivered. When John finished he leaned in close to Sherlock, pausing long enough for the younger man's consent. When Sherlock didn't flinch, John kissed him tenderly on the cheek.
[10:10] I'm not a child, Mycroft. SH
(06:17) I’m not going to be your test subject. SH
(03:45) Hello, John. Did you enjoy your family gathering? SH
(17:16) I'm glad. SH
(11:09) Leave my sock index alone. SH
(22:30) Leave him alone. What do you want? SH
Sherlock has to gasp for air. Stupid.
(12:00) I can't promise you that nothing will ever happen to me. SH
Disappointment makes John’s chest feel heavy. Is Sherlock avoiding him? This was probably a mistake, after all.
(12:18) And why is that? I promise to keep my mouth shut if you're worried that your friends will find out that you've been texting someone like me. SH
"What?”
(23:22) I knew it was a mistake to send that pic. SH
(04:38) I don't know what to say. SH
Secondly, we are looking for a beta-reader! Feel free to contact either sherlockianworld or elle_m if you’re interested, and we’ll get back to you as soon as possible.
(14:55) Well, I guess you’re not completely boring. SH
Sherlock stops in the door frame, his hand freezing in mid-air. For a moment, he can't bring himself to do anything but stare at his bed, and at the body that is hidden under his bed sheets. John Watson is sleeping in his bed, his chest rising and falling to the rhythm of his steady breathing, his lips slightly apart, and Sherlock can’t bring himself to do anything but stare. He can feel his heart pounding, threatening to escape his chest, and something warm flutters in his stomach, as John suddenly mumbles something meaningless in his sleep, and in that moment Sherlock realises that he’s screwed. He's utterly and completely screwed.
(10:52) I suppose I could consider texting you a hobby. SH
[15:51] That's not fair! I'm not an addict. SH
who Sherlock was. They didn't have many classes together, only chemistry and physics, but he had caught John's eye from the moment he had transferred into West Bank. He had spent many hours staring into the back of those long curls, looking only for short moments at a time, not risking being discovered. He always sat in the back and didn't say much anyway. John presumed Sherlock thought he was an idiot, like the rest of the class, and it would be too complicated to give away his identity. This way, maybe he could get to know Sherlock a little better, and he never would be found out. This was safe.
(03:42) Oh, so you are one of the popular ones. One of those who get invited to parties. SH
John hopes Sherlock can’t hear him shivering as Sherlock’s baritone voice sounds in his ear.
‘Annabelle Rose.’
The water is scolding as it pours down over him, and soon his shoulders are pink and aching. John doesn’t care much; he never has when it comes to pain. On some subconscious level he thinks he has always deserved it, and therefore hasn’t paid much mind to it. It is going to be useful in the military, but John doesn’t want to think about that now. He pushes all his thoughts away and closes his eyes, letting the water stream over his face and ears, and he tries to relax his tense muscles. It almost works.
Sherlock had never felt that way about another person, and he didn't think he ever would. He loved his family, in his own way, but he preferred his He was of age, just 19, so he consented to be matched in place of his brother. Because he loved his family.
"Out!" He commanded, causing another woman in the lobby to drop her magazine. Sherlock opened his mouth to reply, but Daemon pulled on his sleeve, ushering him out into the street.
He decides, however, that he must play her. Have it show that he's feeling somewhat defeated, but still resolute to work through a solution. He remembers John telling him once that the stage "lost a great actor when Sherlock Holmes moved into detective work," so he trusts those instincts.
Sherlock slipped into darkness.
jumping his index fingers off of one another, and then the sign for
John knew months of physical therapy and rehab awaited him. He could only stand doing that much work if he were at home, with his
Mummy Holmes raised her glass in a toast, and the conversation at the table picked back up again. Sherlock's heart was hammering in his throat. So much he imagined that John Watson must hear it. He leaned over to him, his chin just raised slightly.
John smiled, and rubbed his thumb across Sherlock's cheekbone, "I'm not following what you're saying, luaidh"
Irene dismissed herself, and John brought Sherlock with him into the wood-shop to begin measuring and reading the set designer's draft. John was easy to speak with, and Sherlock felt himself relaxing fairly quickly. "So, you did the makeup designs?" John asked, as Sherlock helped him pick up a large plank to cut down, "Do you think you can make me look better? I'm a little weather worn." John laughed. Before he could stop himself, Sherlock replied, "I think you look perfect."
Hamish answered, now pouring far too much batter onto the griddle, "You're making him nervous, daddy. He has an intermittent tremble when you're near him but I don't think he minds, as he's assertive enough to tell you to leave him alone if you were really bothering-"
Sherlock pulled back, as a spring, his legs pulled up in preparation leap off the bed, "How do
The code phrase Mycroft would give John when the situation was contained, when it was close to being wrapped, would be Sherlock's full given name.
"It doesn't bring Anderson back."
John nodded, stepping back from the doorway. He bounded up the stairs before the men could follow, locking himself in his bedroom.
that type. No more. Now I'm more the invalided, general practice, middle age, pudgy doctor type."
Sherlock nodded, then surprised himself by grabbing John's backside, pulling him closer. John laid fully onto Sherlock, pushing into his body. John felt his heartbeat, his breath forced out of his lungs.
Sunlight is just beginning to streak through the tall, glass windows. Mycroft crosses the hallway opposite Robert's room. He hears soft snoring noises.
John looked at Greg, "I didn't point at her. I promise. She and I struck up a friendly conversation. I was lonely. Invited her back to my place. That was it! Nothing more than that. We shared some drinks. She was willing, we got a little loud, it's been a long time."
(16:18) Stop being so stubborn and just accept the offer. SH
(07:45) I don't know. SH
(07:42) Oh, I’m sure my parents could recommend you some therapist if that’s what you want. After all, they made me see all the best ones in town when I was younger. Apparently I’m a lost cause. SH
(11:25) Observed? What, you just looked at her and knew? Also will add mental note, Susan is not a friend of yours :)
"Yes, um, I work close by. What about you?"
Swallowing harshly, his throat feeling unbearably dry, Sherlock drops his hand back to his side and takes one last glance at the boy, and then quietly closes the door, leaving the room.
(11:15) We're nothing alike. SH
Those words coming out of those lips was completely obscene, and John moaned loudly, his hands coming up to tug at Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock kissed him again, eagerly, their tongues swirling around each other, Sherlock’s tongue exploring his mouth, gently feeling his teeth and inner cheeks. A few long fingers wrapped around John’s shaft.
(09:51) You don’t have to go. SH
John could never tell Sherlock who he was. He was fairly popular, yes, but all his friends were superficial and served only to distract him from his thoughts. He tried to get along and get in as little trouble as possible. The only actual friend he had made was Mary Morstan, a blonde girl who had no sense of personal boundaries. Mike Stamford and Greg were his friends too, but he couldn't see them very often and he definitely couldn't talk to them about anything personal. There was no way Sherlock was going to respond to him if he knew who he was talking to...
"Mycroft" said Mycroft.
(17:12) Yes, I know. SH
He watched realization dawn across Sherlock’s face and he thought about how utterly screwed he was, and also how very close their faces were. He held his breath as Sherlock scanned him for clues.
(06:30) Thank you. SH
(07:34) I thought I made it considerably easier by offering you a place to stay at. SH
(17:32) Why would I be “shitting” you, as you so finely put it? No, I’m not Sannah Hannigan. Now please, I have more important things to do. SH
No new messages. Of course.
(05:13) You wouldn’t mind? SH
His heart physically aches and his fingers are itching to send Sherlock a text, but he knows that he can’t do it. Sherlock had been quite clear that they couldn’t go on talking, and John would respect that. His pride wouldn’t allow him to do otherwise. He fumbles for his phone to check, just in case Sherlock had actually texted him while he was asleep, but his inbox remains stupidly, stubbornly empty.
John's father wasn't at home, it was a Friday afternoon after all, and safely assumed that he would be gone for another few hours. No doubt would he return home, drunk as hell, and show John what was what. John was fidgeting, and he found himself pacing his room, but nothing was helping to relieve his anxiety.
(10:20) They were all found dead in their bathtubs. Bathtubs full of rose-scented water. Hardly a coincidence, now is it? SH
Sherlock could have sworn his heart stopped beating for a moment. Blankly, he stared at his phone screen, reading the three words over and over again, as if to make sure that his eyes weren't lying to him. No one had ever told him that they liked him. He was rude and obnoxious, certainly not the type of person people liked.
He’s sitting in St. Bart’s lab, the desk before him a mess, piled with case files and papers, littered with empty coffee cups. He has gone through every piece of information about the bathtub murders, analysed every bit of data, and examined the evidence under his microscope over and over again, but he still can’t understand why the victims were killed, or what their position in the criminal organisation was.
(04:26) What was so important you couldn't text me? SH
He hadn't meant to phrase it as a question but he just felt so distant to himself, as if he weren’t in full control of his body.
“You should go to sleep then,” Sherlock says, sounding colder than he intended.
(03:04) You're not bothering me. SH
(14:17) Future med student? Aren’t you still in college? SH
(06:00) Of what? SH
(11:41) Of course not. SH
(18:56) Just let me fix this. SH
(04:30) Not tired. SH
(22:55) Nothing much, just helping at Scotland Yard and wandering around the city. What about you? SH
Sherlock's fingers hovered over the keys as he tried to think of a reply. His heart thudding against his ribs, he slowly started typing, painfully aware that no one else had ever made him feel so vulnerable, so naked.
[10:05] I hate you. SH
(10:21) Haven't the faintest. SH
~~*~~
(04:39) It's okay. If I crossed a line and weirded you out I'm sorry. H
(11:25) How are you feeling? SH
(17:33) I think better when I talk with you. SH
(03:56) I won't tell anyone. I mean, I don't even have anyone to tell. You can trust me. SH
(21:58) Ah, let me see. No. SH
Sherlock grabbed him by the hand and dragged them inside, John’s hands already moist with sweat. He desperately hoped Sherlock wouldn’t notice his erratic pulse, but he didn’t count on it; Sherlock wasn’t one to miss the details.
[14:56] I'd like to see you try. SH
“You’re really going to do it, then?”
‘Yes, I’m so sorry, Sherlock. God, I-‘
“Um…thank you?” Sherlock hesitates for a moment. “You sound exactly like I imagined.”
Sherlock rolls up his sleeve, ties a tourniquet around his arm, and picks up a syringe from the box and readies it. He stares at the needle tip, taking a deep breath through his nostrils, and plunges it into his forearm.
“You know what I meant.”
(23:09) That’s ridiculous. SH
John rolls onto his side in Sherlock's bed, desperately fighting the sadness that makes his chest clench. Sherlock's smell is neither soothing nor doing anything to cheer his dark mood. There is only one person John has actually managed to fall head-over-heels for, and he can never be his.
He has been stupid. So stupid.
(18:15) John, have you talked with Mary? Are you still in contact with her? SH
(05:05) Yes? SH
Mycroft disconnects the call.
anymore.
His face buried in his pillow, Sherlock breathes in his scent, analysing every nuance of it, and stores the information carefully in his mind.
(02:15) Nothing interesting happens. SH
He isn’t going to meet his recruitment officer for another hour, but he didn’t want to stay in the house longer than necessary. Harry had cried when he had said goodbye and he really wasn’t good with those kind of things. So he had left early, telling a white lie. Now that he is outside, though, he isn’t really sure what to do.
‘You know perfectly well what those are, John. Don’t be an idiot.’
(02:33) What’s keeping you awake? Unlikely you’re stressing about your studies—you seem laid-back. Problems with your family? Perhaps you’re worried about your sister? SH
It had been the first time Sherlock had been kissed, and his mind struggled to process the experience, all the new sensations and feelings kicking his brain into overdrive.
Mycroft sighs.
(23:03) Yes. SH
(17:13) Will you stay? SH
[18:39] Sherlock Holmes will be the death of me, Harry. JW
Then, as suddenly as it had happened in the first place, Sherlock broke away from their embrace, grinning triumphantly. Nodding at John, he signaled that they had gotten what they came for.
(08:50) Did he threaten you? SH
“You imbecile,” he said, but his voice was tinged with affection, “you could have just asked.”
There is one anchoring presence in the universe around which everything revolves, and that presence is Sherlock Holmes. There may be distractions and temporary cosmic glitches, but eventually everything comes back to the world’s only Consulting Detective. Not that John has anything against that, mind you—on the contrary, John thoroughly enjoys the crazy adventures that Sherlock brings him along on. It’s just that
But he isn’t okay. He is far from okay.
(13:21) Well, there are probably better ways to get used to it than getting yourself drunk and picking a fight with some strangers in the middle of the night. SH
(07:32) But go ahead, say hi. And don't forget to ask how his diet's going. SH
"What? Yes, I do. I believe you."
Then the thought hits him like a punch in the stomach. John wouldn’t be in danger in the first place if it weren’t for him and he has to swallow hard against the lump in his throat to keep the acrid bile from rising into his mouth. It’s all his fault. John might die, and it’s his fault.
Harry opens the door with a wide smile which quickly fades when her eyes dart over John. There are dark circles underneath his eyes, and they are red and swollen. His knuckles are white from clenching onto his training bag and there is tension in his jaw that wasn’t there before. Harry quickly ushers him inside and closes the door behind him. She doesn’t dare ask and he really doesn’t feel like talking.
(02:47) I missed it, too. SH
"You around here much?" Victor asked as they passed a crossing.
(23:13) Yes, it is. Show me your face. SH
"Mmmmmmm. Do you ever get drunk?"
“Alright.”
(01:13) No. SH
‘Rose. I’m Rose’ she says and reaches her palm towards John, and he shakes it.
(10:16) Yes, I'm fine. SH
(10:20) No, you don’t have to. You decide. SH
Sherlock still doesn’t answer.
“I-“ John giggles nervously. “I don’t sleep very easily.”
(02:59) Very smart of you, John. SH
(23:18) You do know that’s impossible, don’t you? SH
"What is your business with Sherlock Holmes?" the man said. His eyes were cold and his demeanour was collected.
Sherlock's first reaction was to open his mouth and tell the creep to leave him alone, not having the patience to deal with another idiot, but just as he was about to spit the words, his eyes caught sight of the stranger in front of him and his mouth snapped shut.
"Ah, congratulations I guess?"
(10:32) That's... okay? I don't even know what's going on. What was the crime? I'm intrigued
(12:41) Well, why don't you go to bed? SH
[14:45] I've been told I'm small and angry all the time. :D JW
Sherlock’s eyes shot open and John pulled away quickly, staggering backwards and stuttering apologetically.
Heading back into his room, John went to the bathroom and decided to settle for lying in the bathtub, determined to finish the bottle as soon as he could. He was pretty light-weight when it came to alcohol, always had been, and he already felt the alcohol in his bloodstream, numbing down all senses.
There it is, the finish! We (sherlockianworld and elle_m) would like to thank all the people who have given us comments and kudos. Words can't express how grateful we are. Your kind words and reactions have been what has kept us writing, and kept us striving to be better and do better. It has been hell of a ride, but we sincerely hope that you've enjoyed it. We sure have.
Sherlock answered as best he could with John pressing on him, "There are a multitude of factors that play into decomposition. Many forensic experts study it for years. Many contend it's an art, not a science. Some people who donate their bodies to science end up having them used on decomposition sites."
John could picture it. Sherlock's gorgeous cock, only the head of it disappearing into the very edge of John's quivering hole. He imagined he was red from all Sherlock's attention, weeping with lubricant. He imagined Sherlock's hand over his back, grabbing at his shirt, pushing him down onto the bench. Just enough teasing pain, but not enough. He needed friction.
John sat back, listening to the sounds of clanging pans and drawers opening and closing. The flat was silent, then the sound of a violin drifted into the bedroom. A lovely, upbeat melody accompanied Hamish as he carried a breakfast tray packed with food with a rose in a vase. Hamish was biting his lip in concentration, trying so carefully to hold the tray level.
He stopped himself. Evaluating from the top of her head to the soles of her shoes. What was different?
In the middle of packing, John was fixing dinner, letting the other two boys sort. He looked over at Sherlock. He was sitting on the floor with his arms over his knees, rocking slightly, almost imperceptibly.
"I wish you would have been there, Sherlock," he pulled Sherlock's hands up to his mouth, ghosting kisses across his knuckles, "when he was a baby and I was working and sleep deprived. I wish you could have seen him. He was so wild, even as a baby. Up all night, I couldn't get him on a schedule for anything. You would have loved him. I would have loved having you with me then."
John waits near the door. Pacing.
Sherlock answered quickly,"I didn't stay for most of it." He looked at Lord Watson's eyes. Leaning closer, the lamplight shone just enough to reveal his eyes were blue. Sherlock felt his neck flush, so he raised his shoulder length hair a bit so the breeze would travel under his collar.
He wished he were dead.
- isn't on rotation but he visits Sherlock twice the following day, bringing Hamish in the afternoon.
The last rock was smaller, but long and flat. It was tied with a sinew of leather around the mouth of a glass jar, and in the jar was a half dozen roses. Sherlock picked up the jar, freeding the note underneath. He quickly grabbed the note and tucked it in his kilt before it could blow away.
If Greg had loved John back, in some way?
"I need this photo on every screen, on every mobile device, Mycroft," Sherlock commanded. Sherlock was a minor celebrity with his crime solving and his deduction ability, and his link to the boy would likely cause the man to panic and give the boy up. Then, they could work on a permanent separation between Mrs. Hudson and her abusive husband.
Only a little unsteady, Sherlock unwound his arm from John's. He put his palms on either side of his beloved's face, stroking his beard with his thumbs. He leaned in, kissing deeply, moving his mouth gently against his betrothed's. He swayed, John catching him and leading him to a couch in the common room.
John looks at him, hoping what Sherlock sees is love and grief at the knowledge that they will be apart. They search each other's faces, and John is somehow grateful that Sherlock was shot (not the pain or the terror or his near death, surely) but the fact that it forced the plan, forced them to come face to face with their feelings. John smiled slightly thinking that Sherlock could've had a similar sentiment about him being shot and dismissed from Afghanistan.
John sat for a while, thinking back on the times during this case when Sherlock had left upset, or had been angry with him. He knew he'd done something wrong, but he couldn't figure out exactly what. Had he not made his feelings clear? Had he not asserted himself that he did love Sherlock, desperately, and had for a long time? Did Sherlock not love him the same way, and was frustrated with the situation? John was unable to come up with an answer, so he took a walk. He walked the entire ship, from the inlaid theatre, to the restaurants, to the bars, past the swimming pool. He walked for a couple of hours. He swore he saw nearly all the 900 passengers, some a couple of times, but he never encountered Sherlock.
After Sherlock left, John wandered around the room for a few minutes. He realized all Sherlock's clothes and toiletries were gone. He'd packed and moved to another room, taking everything with him.
John's face turned pink, and his neck and exposed chest turned red. He didn't reply, and instead clicked and snapped the reins, Soilleir responding with an increased speed and jump in her step. Sherlock felt the breeze blow his hair and the scent of lavender as they rounded the turn to the stable. The back of the house was full of lavender bushes, so full and fragrant there was just a small path to the stables. John pulled the reins over a post, telling Sherlock, "My farmhands will finish putting her away. Bring the bag."
is your boyfriend? An assassin spy? A Czech assassin spy?"
"Uncle Greg, I have to make sure he's not a psychopath, not that you'd work with psychopaths, but is it ok if he stays with us? He's all alone?"
John nodded. John moved into the bedroom, picking their clothes up from where they were thrown the night before. Sherlock and John dressed silently, Sherlock's only option to re-wear last night's. Rumpled, hair sticking up at all angles, and his face creased with sheet marks, Sherlock did his best to look presentable with a splash of cold water and a comb through of his hair with his fingers. John stood at the front door, his hand twitching and injured shoulder drooping.
John called for him a few minutes later. Sherlock snuck around the trees, watching him, keeping hidden. John put Soilleir in the same paddock as Laoch, then put his hands on his hips, looking around. He called out again, then he began to cross the stream. When he was nearly across, Sherlock jumped out from the bush, frightening John. He fell, crashing against a tree branch as he slipped into the stream.
"Anderson was jealous...everything was perfect. His greatest role."
"John and his clansmen are working double time on your home. Would you like to see?"
Sherlock stood up, throwing the thatch netting on the ground. He was bone tired, hot and aching in all his muscles. He hadn't seen much of John for days. He stood to his full height, railing against the drunk clansman in his booming baritone voice.
"We should go back inside, Sherlock, before they come looking for us."
Sherlock felt his face turn a deep crimson. He suddenly felt too warm, even in the early morning breeze.
Since Sherlock's chair is now vacant, Mycroft takes a seat there. He brings over only tea for himself, presuming correctly that the other two men's hands are otherwise preoccupied.
Hamish, Sherlock, and John were in the sitting room. Hamish's 9th birthday was approaching and he was sketching out ideas for his party. He sat on the floor with his head leaning back against the couch. John sat on the couch, flipping through a newspaper absent-mindedly. Sherlock was laid out, his head in John's lap.
"Greg. And that, you. That you are. Were...."
John led the horse to the stable, gently circling the stallion so he grew acclimated to the stall. He tied him to the hitch post and  picked up a hand full of clean stray from the floor, then rubbed it across his horse's sweaty coat. The horse whinnied, then laid itself down.
John and Sherlock looked at one another. It was Greg's voice. John turned around. Hamish had grabbed John's cell phone out of his pocket and was holding it up, on speaker phone.
Mycroft purses his lips, "když byl tady Sherlock ?"
Sherlock allowed John to help him stand. They gathered clothing and re-dressed as neatly as they could. They rode quickly back to the farmhouse, stealing glances at each other as they rode along.
He paused after he spoke, looking in Sherlock's face, honestly seeking Sherlock's approval or opinion.
John smiled, but he knew it would look fake and insincere. Luckily, Julie mistook it for nerves, "It will be fine. It's simple, just as you both wanted. He loves you."
They bought a day bed and ordered a proper bedroom set to be delivered in a week. She protested, "This isn't proper, I'm just your landlady." Mycroft sent Greg and Sherlock into the kitchen. Sherlock knew he was telling Mrs. Hudson
hitched to it. She will pull us to my house for a fortnight so we may celebrate our wedding union alone. I want you to know this is only for a bit, so we can then gather everything of mine to bring back to our home, with your family here. At the place we will marry and pledge ourselves to one another, that is where we will settle. I've missed you, my love. I cannot wait to see you. Your dearest, John."
"Greg?" John blinked at Sherlock. He took a moment before responding, "Sherlock, I did love Greg for a long time, and it's something I may never fully get over. But I was never brave enough to tell him. I can't
Mycroft asked after John's house design. Sherlock felt himself drift back to sleep as John was explaining how his clansmen were building the house up with rocks and mud with the plan of a sloped moss roof. Sherlock loved the sound of John's voice. Sherlock squeezed John when his voice cracked as he explained how he had laid out the plan to be open and wide in case Sherlock was ill and had to be carried from room to room.
"You said you wanted to marry me? You still do?"
John thinks that Mycroft also looks as if he's been crying, but John would have to see it to believe it.
"Or a terrible death," Sherlock muttered, watching John's face. John nodded, his shoulders sagging down into his frame.
a simple imitation of a steering wheel. Sherlock smiled, giving John a sign recognized as he mouthed it at the same time,
As Hamish kicked off his shoes and climbed under the covers, John closed the drapes and turned on his son's CD player. The music was  a recording of Sherlock playing various violin arrangements. The doctor couldn't recall a time when he felt happier. He was in a new home, with someone he loved, with someone who also loved his son. John stood in the doorway, leaning against it, watching as Hamish's breathing became more even and he drifted to sleep. He jumped when Sherlock came behind him, wrapping his arms around his middle.
John pulled back and smiled, "He's ok. It turned out ok-"
"Naughty, naughty girl," he clicks, reviewing the data.
Hamish looked up, his thoughtful eyes looking from John to Sherlock. He tilted his head, "Daddy, what's wrong?"
Sherlock stood, trailing part of the tartan behind him, leaving the kilt on the bed. He quietly tiptoed to his door, listening for voices. He heard the voice of his father and another male voice. From down the hallway, and with their backs turned, he couldn't tell who his Da was speaking with. He couldn't imagine it was anyone other than John Watson, but he couldn't tell from the mumbled voice.
They ate breakfast and have snacked in uncomfortable silence. His father keeps giving him strange looks across the table.
"I don't want you to be afraid," John answered, moving Sherlock's fingers away, attempting to grab the dry plaid from him.
Lord Watson stepped in between his Da and Sherlock, with his horse still behind him. Though John was shorter than both Sherlock and his father, he was muscular, his chest thick, and he puffed it out, his head held high.
Sherlock didn't take his eyes off John. Wherever he moved, Sherlock was watching, always ready to help or check on him. Now, in the back of the car, Sherlock was more relaxed. John was getting better, John was coming home.
"I was, too. I've never been so terrified. Hamish took care of us, too, though, didn't he? I watched him pick up that chair and bash him over the head. It was amazing. I couldn't move fast enough to get to you, and he had already untied himself and was ready to help you."
"For God's sake, John, if you get flustered just....just distract him."
Mycroft texts Robert after he's laid his head on the table for a few moments and he's sure Mary isn't waking up. He didn't consider that they could have just over drugged her here, using a tasteless, colorless, untraceable poison. He imagines they skipped that plan as that would have incriminated his parents.
There is no time for contemplating; there's only time for action. The detective breaks into a paced jog when he sees Billy on a bench at the edge of the green space.
" 'Lock, becoming beautiful?" He laughed, sitting on the bed. William continued with his treatments, pouring out some  rose oil to put on Sherlock's curls.
"What else is it like, then?" Sherlock's hands are balled into fists, his breath hitching.
"You safe, Sh'lock?"
"But wouldn't it have been better if you
"Sherlock," John called from outside the shower. He didn't open the curtain even though they'd already seen each other intimately the night before, "I've got your clothes in the wash. I found some leggings and a long Tshirt?"
"We'll miss ye Master John," Marcus drawled, jumping off his horse, "But this'un will take care of ye."
"But we have always..."
When he had a moment to breathe, he looked at his phone. Three missed calls. Two texts. All before noon.
Sherlock just rubbed his face into John's neck. Was he embarrassed?
They've started, talking at once, both starting, stopping, tripping over words.
John slicked his fingers with oil, grinning at Sherlock mischievously. He pulled off Sherlock's kilt and tartan, throwing them across the room. John sat forward, circling his slicked hole with his oil-covered middle finger. He pushed in, crooking his finger to find the nub that made Sherlock moan and his prick drip with  clear liquid. Sherlock felt his body stretch, opening his legs as far as he could to allow John to push in further. He added his first finger, stretching Sherlock's tight skin around his digits. He rutted against the bed, turned on by the sight of Sherlock driving himself down on his fingers, his hole fluttering as it opened and shut around them.
Sherlock stepped in the shower first, testing the water, then leading John in. His shoulder was still covered in bruises,the arm hung at a strange angle. It would never be the same, not after two injuries. As he took John's left hand, and pulled him into the shower with him, he started to weep. He was shaking, weeping, and John, strong John, the one who had been shot, the one he was supposed to be taking care of, was holding him.
"I'm much better, thank you, but it sounds as if you are having a difficult time out here with Cluedo."
Mycroft is too overcome to speak at more than a whisper, "I'll give you time for your goodbyes- your 'see you laters.' " He gives a sharp nod, squeezes John's hand on his shoulder before he releases it, slips out of the flat quietly.
"Christ, John. Oh John. Johnmyjohn I feel you, so hard, Jesus."
Mrs. Hudson was shaking, but was set right with some whiskey. She couldn't imagine going back to her flat, and Sherlock made it clear that she could stay as long as she wanted, and forever would be just fine. She went to her bedroom and was asleep quickly.
"He's building me a full kitchen hut? Does he expect me to cook and prep food all the time?" Sherlock grumbled, puffing back his fringe with an indignant breath.
When he entered the shower, he had to put his hand on the wall to steady himself. As the water ran through his hair and over his face, he could still smell John's cologne, and his thighs were still sticky. He knew it was vile, but he couldn't stand the thought of washing everything from John away.
"Yes. I suppose I am. For a case, I mean."
It was of Julie, Elias Openshaw's assistant. Her eyes were open, her hair swirled around her, dressed in her ship uniform. She appeared to be floating, and John was unsure how this photo could have been taken. How could she float? Then it clicked. It was underwater. Julie had been photographed underwater. It was clear to John, now, there were no air bubbles. Her hue was blueish gray. She was deceased, and the photographer took this photo of her slowly sinking into the ocean.
Sherlock and Daemon decided to start with every death that had at least one variable of Moriarty, Moran or Mericurium insurance. They worked at a fever pace, knowing John was being questioned.
Sherlock looked into John's eyes, resting his forearms on John's shoulders. Sherlock began running his fingers through John's  hair as he spoke, "It will naturally slow down, with my work, your work, when I'm living at my apartment again."
He fished his phone up out of his pocket.
Sherlock let out a quiet sound of surprise, H's words making something flutter in his stomach. "Oh."
“I know. Is there anything else on the website? Address? Phone number? Anything?”
(21:11) You’re ridiculous. That doesn’t make any sense. SH
“Fine. I’m… fine. Er…you?”
[15:23] Where is he now? SH
(02:10) It was nothing special. Turned out to be a total waste of my time. A woman killed her maid after finding out her husband was cheating on her with the maid. Dull. SH
(17:46) Relationships are really not my area. SH
"Oh, please. You're lonely and miserable. I wouldn't consider that a success."
(10:53) I don't. But wait, do you take chemistry at West Bank Academy?
(00:32) John, all of the victims belonged to a secret criminal organisation called Order of Roses. I believe that's why the bathwater was rose-scented. It was a reference to the name. SH
He didn’t have much time to think, yet alone react, when the cab suddenly stopped, signaling that they had reached their destination. Looking over at Sherlock, who was wearing his tight, purple shirt and dark, black jeans, he noticed the slight smirk, rolling his eyes. He would have to remember, when they entered the building, that this was for a case, and wouldn’t be anything but the means to acquire information that would otherwise be impossible to retrieve. Somewhere, inside this dark building, a criminal was waiting to make a mistake.
[09:53] He's no threat to anyone. I can take care of myself. SH
"I don't know."
'Who has him?' he asked matter-of- factly.
[14:29] It's not your duty. It's in fact none of your business. I'll always find a new one. You're wasting your oh-so-precious time. Shouldn't you be eating your afternoon cake? SH
John nodded, his eyes bright with unshed tears, "Let's discuss it with his ma and da, shall we?"
"What you did just then, with my mother, that was…that was very good. Thank you."
Sherlock had written in red ink.
Sherlock looked at John, John shrugged his shoulders.
Sherlock looks into John's eyes then answers him with a deeper kiss, it's sloppy, and Sherlock tries to pull John to lay down. John reminds him of his IV so Sherlock curses, sitting back up, pulling down John's shirt to kiss his chest. John palms Sherlock's erection through his trousers and he moans into John's skin as he kisses every inch of him he can reach while tugging at his shirt while leaving the IV alone.
John knew he loved most of the ways Sherlock said his name, but he also loved Sherlock calling him a term of endearment.  He was rooted to the spot, guests moving around them, a chandelier sparkling above them, and all John saw was Sherlock's eyes that were crinkled in a smile.
Sherlock listened in the hallway. Mrs. Hudson was sleeping quietly,  Sherlock pulled a chair to the front window. He cradled his violin, plucking it absentmindedly, looking out over the traffic that rumbled by at all hours. He never second guessed himself, always knowing what to say and when to say it for maximum effect, turning a certain way and knowing that was the dogged path he would follow until the job was completed.
John smiled as they helped lower him on the bed, propping his back up with pillows. He slept for 12 hours.
Sherlock allowed his betrothed to hold his hand on the way back to his home, the stallion calmly walking behind them. Sherlock asked quietly, "Are you staying here for a few days? Before we leave?"
John woke late the next morning. It was completely quiet in the flat. He wouldn't be surprised if
"Sherlock," John said, running his hands up and down Sherlock's arms, "Will you lay down with me? We can rest from the journey and the long day."
. John continued sucking, drawing heat and blood to the surface of his skin. Sherlock thrashed, drawing his legs up, scrambling at John's sides, "John, oh my god, John."
Sherlock sucked in his breath.
Sherlock nodded, lacing his fingers through John's, pulling him into the bedroom. The kicked off their shoes, laying on the bed together, adjusting one another so Sherlock was partially laying on top of John, his head on his chest. They lay that way for a few moments, Sherlock forcing his breathing to slow down to a reasonable pace.
"Oh, sweetheart, my beautiful boy. Pull yourself out, gently, oh you are so good. Take the condom, that's it, tie it off so it's not such a mess, and come here. Come here, my beautiful boy."
then feels his cheeks turn pink. Robert takes the pen and paper back.
Charles Augustus Magnussen goes through all his newest information on Mycroft first. Sherlock has been in hiding. Blocked.
John was cut off by a yelp from the doorway, "You two weren't taking a nap. You were kissing in here! Gross."
Sherlock was daydreaming about John's hands, letting a slippery plate fall to the ground and hit his toe. He cried out, turning the cuss word into a more general cry.
John sits up straighter. Major Sholto would keep his spine straight, not breaking eye contact, "When did I leave?"
"How do your ribs feel now? How's your breathing?"
"I just, I just don't know," Sherlock went into the kitchen to start the kettle, "Let me make you some tea,"
Sherlock awoke, unsure if it was minutes, or hours, later. The smell of smoke was stronger, but he wasn't warm. His head vibrated and his leg ached. He looked around, but his vision was blurry. All he saw was figures moving around, which made him dizzy. He closed his eyes. He felt light touches on his arms and legs, and his head was cradled in someone's lap. He turned his head and felt the rough fabric of a plaid wrapped around him and fingers touching his scalp in patterned light presses. His mouth was dry as he tried to speak.
too."
Mycroft sends John a one word text:
Julie's eyes opened wide as John slammed the empty tumbler down on the bar and stuck some bills under it, leaving without a word.
John kissed him, Sherlock nibbling for a moment on John's upper lip.
"Let's sit and talk, it's ok, promise," Sherlock took his hand, leading him to the couch.
John left the room, shutting the door gently behind him. Sherlock blinked at the door, sleepy, eventually blowing out the candle. He tucked the note under his pillow, deciding to read it in the morning.
Sherlock gave a lopsided smile, shrugging his shoulders. He continued to read through it as they waited.
, digging in the fact that Sherlock was completely alone, and John had a son. A family.
John blinks, looks down at his coffee, "I won't lie to him. I won't tell him anything that isn't true. He doesn't deserve that."
As Sherlock talked, his one arm out of the sheet so he could gesture, John was struck again. This beautiful, wonderful man had let them into his life and John didn't want to leave. John knew what he would say during the proposal, the outline at least. It formed in his mind on a Saturday afternoon, as John watched Sherlock talk, his skin flush and glistening from lovemaking.
"Are you ok, Mr. Detective? I was reading about spinal cord injuries and I don't think you have one of those. I think it's more of sympathy pains with your main ribs. Muscle pain-"
In the shower, Sherlock scrubbed with the tea tree oil shampoo and body wash he kept tucked in the broken, corner locker. That was also where he'd kept his joints until he'd finally broken his smoking habit all together. He couldn't stand the smell of cigarettes or smoke after his Grandpa was left a wheezing shell with COPD and a tracheotomy.
John kept his eyes on Sherlock, smiling as he spoke, "Oh, Mycroft. You know Sherlock really can't make me do something I don't want to do." John winked as he handed the phone back to Sherlock, "Your brother is an ass and needs to mind his own business." That earned him a lopsided smile from his detective, who punched the end call button and tucked it back into his pocket.
He bounds down the stairs, yelling back as he goes, "Come down here when you've decided, darling, or kick me to the curb. Either way. Deadline is coming up."
Sherlock didn't elaborate, but kept his face close to John's. John's reply was simply, "Ok, let's go," as he pulled him up off the couch.
Sherlock smiled even brighter, dipping his head down a little lower, "Absolutely none. I'm so happy you agreed."
At the end of his bow was a glint of gold.
John was touching himself, rubbing himself with Sherlock's semen, his face flushed, his eyes closed, "Sherlock," he moaned, leaving a trail on Sherlock's belly. As his breathing returned to normal, he looked into Sherlock's eyes. Sherlock's eyes were wide, and his arms fluttered, he was unsure where to put his hands.
John had understood the mission when it was purely military. When it was he and Mycroft navigating against a hostile force. Now, he had no idea how to neutralize the target. When was the ambush coming? Could he just start shooting?
John looked at Sherlock for a moment, raising his eyebrows. Sherlock responded, "Sorry, I just mean you look really good now. From what I remember. From before."
Greg glanced over at the two interpreters quickly, watching them begin to sign as the speaker started to drone on about opiates and their addictive qualities. He tried to be subtle, but he turned back to John quickly as he felt the man's glare.
"What, what did you wake me up for?"
"Yes," Sherlock nodded. He was expecting to be kissed, but instead, John just sat close to him. Sherlock looked down at the scraps of grass and the sand. He wove his fingers through John's, resting them on top of his lap. He marveled at the paleness of his skin and the golden hues of John's.
"That felt," Sherlock began, scooting closer to John so their noses almost touched, "absolutely extraordinary. You were so close to me. I could feel you. Your pulse. Your breath."
John laughed, "I think someone else couldn't wait, either." Hamish sat on the other side of his daddy, picking at the breakfast tray as John and Sherlock admired the ring on John's finger. Sherlock took his time kissing John, running his finger over the ring, explaining to John how he and Hamish had picked out a ring that was yellow gold to match John's hair.
"Are you just telling me to be nicer to daddy?"
Every inch of skin is caressed with John's fingers and soap. When he's clean, and breathing deeply, John helps him out, finally warm, but walking asleep. He stumbles and holds his hips and pushes his shoulder as a guide to the bedroom; Sherlock's eyes are half closed as John sits him on the bed to dry and dress him.
Sherlock stroked Hamish's hair back from his face. It reminded John of how he would run his hands through his hair in the morning, "I do love your daddy because he loves me just as I am. He doesn't call me a freak, or think I'm strange. But I have to be kind to him. And help him with things around the house. I don't like to do those things, and I lose my temper. But I try to be better. For him. Because I love him."
John pushed the fringe out of Sherlock's eyes, feeling the ringlets of Sherlock's hair all the way down the middle of his back. Sherlock moved close, resting himself on John's chest. John sighed, wrapping his arms and legs around the younger, wiry man, "I am glad you are well, and we are in bed together. Last time we laid in a bed you were so sick, and I wasn't sure if the next breath would be your last."
"Our sons. Goodness." Daddy Holmes rubs his eyes. They are currently watching a video of Sherlock and Roderick playing pirates, with a tied up Mycroft stuck on a tree.
John knew he'd loved Sherlock for a long time. The kiss wasn't amazing or dizzying, simply because they were both too nervous. But what made John's heart stutter was the idea that this was a cross into new territory. He and Sherlock had matching rings, they were getting married, but this kiss was confirmation, in the sunlight of their honeymoon suite, that Sherlock felt as John did. Or, that was his hope.
"I will slowly work you open, using my fingers. If you let me, I will kiss you open using my tongue and lips, wetting every bit of you before I fill you with my fingers. When you are writhing, only then will I push into you. You will feel full, and uncomfortable, but soon I will learn your body. I will find that place inside you that causes pleasure, driving against it, and your climax will be greater than anything you've ever felt, my darling."
that my mustache is itchy?" Sherlock heard the teasing in John's voice, and imagined Hamish's giggles were from John tickling him.
Hamish looked at Sherlock, wrinkling his eyebrows, "Why are you good? Why aren't you naughty? Don't you get angry or bored? Or impatient?"
John, who up until this point had looked quite on edge, laughed and sat in the other plush chair. He scooted it closer, so he could rest his legs on Sherlock's chair, as if his chair were his ottoman.
The fire had nearly died down when William had shaken Sherlock awake, "It is time, my lord, the rest of your family is congregating in the flowered part of the meadow."
"Hello, Myc. What's wrong, sweetheart?"
laoch = warrior
Sherlock now understood what drove his brother to sneak off with Gregory Lestrade at every opportunity he could, and what drove him to distraction at every meal where Gregory was present. He now understood, down to his bones, the pain on his brother's face when Mycroft had considered he had to take an advantageous arranged marriage. The tears Mycroft tried to hide when he realized that he would have to let the injured traveler go to keep his family from starving.
"Sherlock, what did I do?"
He went to his fireplace, looked over all the relics he'd collected. He ran his fingers over a bracelet a young woman had given him as a thank you for finding her bunny. A ring, that only fit his pinky, was a gift from a high ranking government official who appreciated Sherlock returning some compromising photographs. When he got to Billy, his skull, he patted him, saying, "My only friend." He picked the skull up, taking out a cigarette and his lighter. He knew Mrs. Hudson would smell it and be angry, but he couldn't be arsed to care.
The opposite of this fun was the week that came before it. The week where the technical aspects had to crash like a freight train into the weeks of actor rehearsals. Light cues, props, quick costume changes, everything noted and choreographed with furor by the stage manager.
She was desperately trying to keep her face neutral, Sherlock noticed.
John felt a burning in his throat as a metallic, plastic taste rolled over his tongue. He kept his eyes on the nurse. He had been intubated, and the tube was coming out. He was alone, with nurses, doctors, no one he knew.
Sherlock grabs him, hugs him tightly, kissed him; using his tongue and teeth. His face was wet and slippery, John pulls back, leaning against the wall. Sherlock looks so much younger than his years.
"I know, but it's
He's prepared his speech. "The problems of your future are my privilege." She will know it's prepared, he will tell her so.
"Are your feet cold, Mr. Detective? You can share my blankie," before allowing Sherlock to answer, Hamish tucked the corner of his blanket on top of and under Sherlock's bare feet. Sherlock felt his eyes well up, so he turned his head to the TV.
John bit his lip. He wondered if Sherlock had watched him sleeping with a woman in his bed, or if he had followed him to the woman's house after the date to observe them. Both possibilities seemed in line with what Sherlock was capable of.
"John." Mycroft; Commander out maneuvered by his baby brother. Or John out maneuvered by everyone. He still wasn't sure.
"Well, race you?"
Sherlock is shaking so badly that John has to help him up. John pulls Sherlock to him, leaning him against him, then begins again to stroke his hair and kiss his brow.
"Allies against a common threat." Sherlock kept his legs crossed, tired of the entire exchange.
Sherlock shook and dissolved into silent sobs. Tavis wrapped his arms around him.
John smiled, pulling himself to Sherlock,  "I can't stop touching you. Yes, I'm rather fond of your hair. But I love you."
There were rare ways that Sherlock would say John's name. Ways that would cause John's breath to stutter in his chest, or his heart to beat faster. Ways that would cause him to turn his head, to make tea suddenly, to feel the need to run to Tesco's. There were other ways that made him feel like a child, made him feel expendable, that caused the back of his neck to itch and his palms to sweat as he willed his fists to unclench.
Moriarty is watching Mary's flat from a dirty alleyway. It's been forever, it's been a few hours, he's been digging for clues just with his eyes. He crouches, his thighs tight and his knees ache. He thinks of Seb, and the only way out of this is through. To him. That's the only way. This, obligation. To his enemies. He shivers, pulling the sweatshirt closer to his body.
"Daddy, Mr. Detective?" He looked up at them, his eyebrows together. His hair was especially bright blonde today, almost translucent. His freckles were hidden today under his reddened cheeks. John knew he'd also had freckles when he was younger, but they'd faded over time. He hoped Hamish's would stay.
He decides the "forgiveness" speech will have to be just that. A speech. Rehearsed. And told to her as such. Mary doesn't know that John is aware of the additional threats she made to Sherlock, and these threats involve killing Magnussen.
"I'm married to you," Sherlock said simply, "You're my priority."
, pretending to be
"No, you're ridiculous," John kisses Sherlock, wrapping his fingers through those curls, tickling Sherlock's ribs with his other hand.
"Please, John, please," Sherlock whined, "Please love."
"Oh, Sherlock," John gasped, he'd only had sex with men a couple of times, and none of them were Sherlock. Nothing compared to the feeling of the love of his life around him, his heart pounding against his own chest. He grabbed at him with his good arm, pulling him as close as he could. He felt his orgasm building, and tears prickling at the corners of his eyes.
Sherlock's voice is absolutely thunderous. He is yelling to the corners where the snipers were positioned, "You are lucky Mycroft Holmes is not more harmed. If he had been mortally wounded, none of you would have left this room alive!"
gestured for him to reach out to John.
"Oh, yes, John, please," Sherlock was quivering, grinding down onto John. John kept him at bay, purposely keeping everything slow and teasing. He put just the tip of his cock into Sherlock, pulling it out, putting it back in. Sherlock was digging his nails into John's back, his face in John's neck.
John pulled Sherlock's face down for another kiss, running his fingers through Sherlock's curls, tracing his fingers across his cheekbone. As he came, spilling over onto their bellies, he felt tears creep down his face. Sherlock gingerly kissed them away. As John pulsed around Sherlock, he cried, "I'm coming, John," John shushed him with another kiss.
Sherlock smiled, "Most people call me a prick. Doesn't matter. Why weren't you at the wedding?"
"Mycroft?" John teases, pecking Sherlock on the nose.
Sherlock smiled, the scotch was good. He found breathing and just sitting more and more uncomfortable, so he was hopeful the pain pills would take the edge off enough so he could sleep. He hated laying in bed, alone with his thoughts, unable to easily get up and wander, conduct experiments, or play his violin. Everything he used to quiet his mind was not here, so he prayed to the universe that the pills and the scotch would do the trick.
"Mycroft," his voice creaks. Mycroft will do anything. He looks six years old, wrapped up in blankets, scared of the thunder.
-----
Sherlock dropped his cup.
"Thank you, Sherlock."
Human nature mystified him.
They kept walking, nearly tripping on the back of John. John turned around, looking past them.
Sherlock shook his head. John gestured over to a corner with a pile of clothing, "Look at the tartan pattern. There is my Watson tartan lying on the clothing rack beside yours. In that dresser, if you open it, you'll find more of your family's tartan and the Lestrade tartan. The Lestrade clan aligned with yours when Gregory Lestrade married your brother. The rumor that came to my great uncle is that it was a love match." Sherlock raised up a bit, blinking. He didn't speak.
"Shut up and kiss me," John grinned, pulling Sherlock up. John stood, grabbing Sherlock by the hips, picking him up. Instinctively, Sherlock wrapped his legs around John's waist as he carried him back to the couch, kissing him the entire time. "Oh my god, you're carrying me to the green room couch?"
He can't look up at her. He continues to wipe his face.
"It's John," He said, "With Hamish!"
Sherlock responded by pushing himself, and John, down into the mattress. John groaned, Sherlock nuzzling kisses down his jaw, his neck. He surprised himself when his erection pressed into John as he pulled himself completely on top of him so their pelvis bones lined up. Sherlock curled his upper body and he could still reach down and plant kisses across John's forehead, eyelids, cheeks, chin. They continued to kiss, open mouthed, tongues connecting, and Sherlock moaned as John bucked his hips upward so his erection matched up with Sherlock's.
Mrs. Hudson chimed in, "Hamish and I will be fine on our own, we can putter around and get my room set up."
Hamish began yelling from the kitchen, "Daddy, where's breakfast?" As Sherlock was stroking John's jaw with his thumb. Sherlock exhaled, pressing their foreheads together. John was still smiling, "Come here, you probably need to eat." He took his hand, leading him to the small kitchen. Hamish already had a bowl, mixing utensils, eggs, milk, oil, and a cookbook out.
"Mary Morstan, she tried to kill me, she tried to kill Sebastian Moran, she's tried to kill you."
"Are you ok, John? Did I hurt you?" He rubbed his jaw, searching John's face while he answered him.
John had the good sense to blush. He scooted himself to put his back to Greg, causing the other man to giggle. "Just giving it to you, mate," Greg said, "All I did was drink some beer and fall asleep. I don't understand how you can point someone out and just get them to go to bed with you. It's a skill."
He sees William's cell by the couch. He thinks of calling or texting Sherlock, but he decides against it. Instead, he slips out quietly, shivering in his sweatshirt against the crisp, early morning air. He crouches a moment outside to put the shoes on.
He sleeps with the cell phone on his chest, over his heart, to the sound of rain gently falling on the windowpane.
"He was in mid run, to the alley, the way he was splayed out. I told daddy to look in the alley, because if the dead guy was looking in the alley, or running to the alley, the bad guy might be in the alley, or someone else important was there. Why would you run away to an alley? Daddy heard the gurgling, then you started chasing, but ran yourself into the bad guy, and almost died. Daddy called you an idiot."
"Comfy?" Sherlock asked, raising his eyebrows, poked at John's feet.
"In shock," Greg explained. Sherlock wanted to snap back . He didn't
"Ok. We can go slow." She says. Never reaches for him. Never smiles. Calm.
Sherlock looked at John from under his eyelashes, "I am a husband, not a wife. I am not breakable. I do not need to be coddled."
Sherlock was either interpreting his words incorrectly to the Deaf members of the audience or he was bold enough to talk about him. Sherlock was the only one turned enough for him to see. He couldn't see Molly's face. He decided to beat them at their own game. He could be petty and vindictive, too.
. Again.
"Yes, yes young man."
, and finally a message from Mary from three days ago:
Robert turns so he's looking at Mycroft's face, into his eyes, "Take the damn compliment."
"Please. Just...just give me some time alone."
John stared at Sherlock, praying that he would say something. That he would respond in some way. He continued to stare at the floor, his lips pursed together, breathing in sharply through his nose. John opened his mouth to plead again, to say something else, but he was cut off.
He woke with a start, his alarm blaring and a pounding he thought was in his head. Half asleep, it took him too long to realize that someone was pounding on the door to his hotel room. He threw on a shirt, instinct to cover the scarring that marked most of his chest, and he opened the door a quarter of the way.
John busied himself with the toast, turning the heat off the pan. It could be costumes. It could be a stakeout. It could be flying to Belize. Anything, anything at all. John was used to this, the never ending surprise. Over the past few months, he'd come to admit to himself that he loved it. He'd let the dates with women go to the wayside, preferring his time with Sherlock, as celibate as it was, than anytime with anyone else. He'd do anything for him.
John spent the better part of the rest of the day in bed watching Sherlock sleep. He was beautiful. There was no other word for him. Handsome, certainly. Gorgeous could apply. But beautiful, in John's mind, fit his body and soul. As he watched Sherlock,
I now know exactly how you felt before you faked your suicide. I am doing something to protect you, something alone, but with help. The same kind of help you had.
"This kind of stuff…is hard for me, John."
"Sherlock, love, are you alright?" John sat beside him, and Sherlock, almost imperceptibly, shifted away. He still didn't speak.
"Yes..."
John smiled, then winced, "You're doing it, Sherlock. Having you ahead of me, I want to get in the flat," he took another weezing breath, "A carrot on a stick, so to speak."
was hovering behind him. He looked thunderous, face and neck flushed and perspiration on his brow. At first, John assumed he was simply in his way to get water before his next strenuous interpreting session. John sidestepped, getting out of Sherlock's path, but the man followed him, leaving only scant inches between the two. The tall man gestured the sign for phone.
Sherlock, one of the most intelligent and amazing people he knew, had just been rendered nearly speechless by an eight year old.
"Do you need anything else?" Sherlock asked, squinting in in the darkness, trying to see the man's face.
The group waited outside the building, where they were sure Moriarty was hiding.
"Oh, darling, lay back. Have you been touched before? My beauty. Tell me."
It wasn't until he was back in his bed until he remembered his mother mentioned his betrothed's shoulder injury. An image of Lord John Watson massaging his shoulder drifted into his mind as he fell asleep.
John hears a helicopter in the distance, approaching closer.
"Sometimes he does. Earlier, was trying to tell you to be quiet about the case when he was working on my back, right?"
"Of course it's not his fault! What an idiotic thing to say!"  Sherlock barked. The lead carpenter, Dameon, stepped in between Sherlock and Harry.
This wasn't his room. The sunlight was streaming in from the northeast in too sharp of an angle. He was on a bed, but the bed was softer and larger than his, and it was raised off the floor on a frame. His bed was just a small palette with a straw mattress on the floor. As he rolled in the large bed, he was stopped by a pile of soft comforters and pillows. It smelled of lavender and larch.
He shakes off Mycroft's discussion, rubs his face, decides to shower. As he dries his hair, he looks in the mirror, remembering Sherlock's request when they confronted Mary at Lanister Gardens, "Please, John, sit here, with my coat, next to this bottle of saline, and muss your hair up. We need to confront the person who shot me." At first, when Mary walked in, and was talking to Sherlock, he didn't understand. She was Mary, but not Mary. Her voice was sharp, her spine straight, no hint of her normal smile or slight slouch in her shoulders. She was a sharp shooter; he never was angrier when he saw her shoot and then she made Sherlock, in so much pain, bend over to pick up the coin.
Sherlock awoke to the light streaming into his window. He sat up and went to his wash basin, scrubbing his face with cold water. At the side of the basin was a pressed and cleaned handkerchief, embroidered with J.H.W. along the edge. Sherlock had forgotten about it and assumed he'd lost it when he'd fallen from his horse. He felt warm recalling how John had taken Sherlock's bead from his braid as a token in exchange. Perhaps the handkerchief was a sign that last night was not just a wonderful dream.
They don't talk. John can't really see Sherlock's face, and John surmises Sherlock can't really see, either. They're still close to the cabin, so John begins walking back towards the light in the window.
John gave distance as they went outside, purposefully sitting as far away in the cab as he could. Sherlock felt more comfortable with anger, awkwardness, and hurt feelings. He knew this pain was the inevitable outcome, so he consoled himself with the idea he was being kinder by cutting it off as quickly as possible.
Sherlock kept his back straight and his head held high as he walked through the pasture, William beside him, but just a step behind. The dew was nearly dispersed, and a light fog drifted up from the ground, weaving in and through the Highlands.
"You've already made it better, leannan. We are lying near a stream, in the warm afternoon sun, just talking. I can imagine nights, in my feather bed, being side by side and discussing the day's events. Even if we don't touch further than what we have, I will be happy. You've already made me feel as if my nights will not be just filled with infinite loneliness."
"I had been alone. Last fall, I'd had to run the foal births by myself. I could use the help, if my partner was so inclined, as well as someone to be with. I'd seen you, at a distance, when I'd been out riding and surveying the edge of my property. You were conducting an experiment with your brother on grass fire causes and prevention," John tickled Sherlock's ear in affection, "You'd had piles of rocks and pre-burned grass. You don't remember me, but I stopped and asked questions. You spoke so fast, and your mind moved from one topic to another, you were fascinating. My head clans woman made the match with your mother. I could give you security and help your family. You could give me joy. Become my family."
His father has always been able to read him clearly, so he spends time making sure he's always near Mycroft to avoid one on one conversation.
Hamish didn't shush.
"Were....are....difficult for people to get to know."
"Not good enough," Sherlock blinked up at him. Captain Watson voice. "We're going to stay, I can lie on your bed, on top of the covers if you want, Hamish can take the sofa. Mrs. Hudson needs some looking after, too."
John read it, and then took his phone back, continuing into the house. He knocked on the door and DI Dimmock answered. He looked frazzled but overjoyed they were there. Dimmock looked Sherlock up and down. He then turned to John, saying in a whisper, "Is this the interpreter, or a fucking model?"
, fingers pinched together and moving towards his mouth. Sherlock tilted his head and stared at John, forehead crinkled. John reached to get his phone to make his meaning clear, but Sherlock stopped him, pulling out his phone first.
"Sherlock," He said it clipped, raising his eyebrows, "Seems to have threatened them within an inch of their lives if they touched you."
Sherlock breathed their scent in a bit, running his fingers over the myrtle, and gently touching the violets and roses. He looked back up at John, "John," the way he said his name this time was in wonder and awe.
John Watson shifted, and Sherlock could see his bicep and downy underarm hair just visible in the dark light. He turned his head a bit to give some privacy.
"I'll miss you," John said, pulling him close and tucking his head on his chest, "Don't get into any trouble."
"Who is it?" John asked, wrapping his fingers around Sherlock's neck, toying with his nape curls. Sherlock closed his eyes a moment, rolling his neck back into John's fingers, "You are distracting, husband-to-be." Sherlock looked at John, wide-eyed, worried he'd said something inappropriate.
In the middle of the night, Sherlock panicked, unsure where he was, not sure who was breathing on his neck. He had a fleeting image in his mind of Hamish alone, tied up, and someone trying to touch him. At first, his instinct was to kick back, or bite, to find the boy. He stopped, breathing in, recalling the smell of John. He was in John's bed. He could hear John stirring, and hear his voice from far away.
"Nothing, it's time for us to go." Again, Captain Watson voice. Hamish bit his lip, but kept talking.
They climb onto the bed, each on their side, and Sherlock looks absolutely amazed at John. He can hardly stand to have the gray/blue/green eyes focused on him; he wants to kiss every part of Sherlock, pull him so tightly to him. He begins to reach for Sherlock when he stops him, putting a hand on his chest and his face.
"Yes, Sherlock?"
John didn't even apologize when he bumped into Mycroft's leg, almost toppling him, when they crawled up into the airplane for the longer leg of the journey home.
"I know what you mean now," Sherlock said, his eyes starting to droop with sleep.
"Sherlock-" Mycroft moved to embrace him, but Sherlock put his hand up. Mycroft stayed in the kitchen doorway, searching his face.
John took a moment to review his and Sherlock's bedroom. He hadn't lived with anyone since University or the Army. Living with Sherlock, spending his mornings and evenings with him, would be an altogether different arrangement. John had been looking forward to staying over with Sherlock rather than spending so much extra time traveling back and forth between his old flat and Sherlock's.
"Ok, virgin," she snapped, addressing Sherlock,"I have a new job for you, and I don't want you to screw it up. We have an assistant tech director, John, here for a week or so to put the set up, safely. I want you to help him."
Sherlock had never been called nice. In all his years of working with his personality he'd become less abrasive, but never nice. He imagined Hamish and John, sitting up late, saying kind things about him. He wrapped his arms around himself, trying to discreetly wipe his face.
Sherlock sucks in a breath when John stomps into the living room. He's completely naked and he has marks on his face from the wrinkles in his pillow and sheets. His hair is sticking up at all angles.
"I just. Well, the days with you and Hamish were wonderful. And now I'm coming back to my life, and it just isn't…. I don't sleep. I'm not eating. My house was empty, until Mrs. Hudson arrived last night. I don't know how long this, we, will last," Sherlock inhaled, running his fingers through his hair, "You left a voicemail and you talked about Greg, and in our phone call you talked about Greg, and it made me feel…."
at me?" John was taken aback. This was one response he hadn't thought of. Anger. Sherlock was fuming mad. His shoulders were up around his ears, and he was turning away from John as much as he could.
John sat next to Sherlock in the helicopter, and held his hand, only letting go when they had to open the helicopter doors.
John looked at the mantle, then looked back at Sherlock, "What if you called me Billy."
In it, there is a bulletproof vest and a note attached to it in Sherlock's handwriting. "
It was after midnight. Hamish was holding his stuffed rabbit, his favorite toy when he had a nightmare. He was on the couch, on Sherlock's lap, sniffling and holding onto Sherlock's shirt. Mrs. Hudson had mentioned that Hamish had been more upset lately whenever he'd played with other children. He'd deduced all kinds of information about them, and no one wanted to play with him. Watching Hamish cry, John's first instinct was to run into the living room and help. He stopped himself.
John pulled Sherlock into a hug, kissing him soundly, "That's what it's like to be a parent, Sherlock, constantly worrying. Always concerned something completely out of your control is going to happen. It's a constant state of anxiety. You just do the best you can." Sherlock's lower lip trembled, "What if it's my fault? I go against criminals sometimes. What if they target me? Then you, or Hamish?"
John looked proud, but concerned.
"No."
As John moved his hand to cup around the back of Sherlock's neck, there was a quick knock and the door opened. William stood in the entryway, with Sherlock's parents behind him. They were chattering over the blessing and the blackhouse work.
Sherlock opened and shut his mouth a few times. He couldn't think of anything to say, so he just ran to the restroom to change clothes. He heard Molly yelling after him, "I want my clothes back, Sherlock!"
Definitions:
John loved the way Sherlock said his name after kissing him, after he took him in his mouth. His voice was slightly raspy, but happy. No one else could tell the change in the timbre of Sherlock's voice, but John could.
He points to the box, turning his body in slightly to shroud his arm.
She's fair as the snow
John grabs him, pulling the sheet completely away, wiping the tea with the sheet as he pulls it off of Sherlock.
Ceridwen:
"Gregory Lestrade?" Dr. Watson smiled, "We went to University together. Played Rugby. I couldn't make the wedding, sent along a ridiculous gift of poorly written crime novels-"
"I can't believe it," they walked for another block or so, then John stopped him, turning to face him, "Thank you, for how you treat Hamish."
"I've always been alone," Robert looks at him, unsure in the abrupt change of subject. Mycroft says softly, "I've never had a friend who understands me. Sherlock has been the closest. A confidant. But you, you amaze me. I thought this entire plan was mine. Didn't expect you to jump in with me."
Sherlock bounded out of the house, nearly tripping over the first rock outside the front stoop. The rock was painted blue, and tied to it with a white ribbon was a branch of yellow Forsythia and John's first note. Sherlock twisted his braid in his fingers as he read the letter, "Gather the flowers I leave for you and bring them along your journey. Blue, white, yellow are the colors I want you to remember. Blue for the constant storm and wonder in your eyes, your intelligence, your wit. White for your purity, your beauty, your dedication to your family. Yellow for the joy and light you've brought to my life. The moment I first laid eyes on you, I knew I wanted you in my life."
-----
They've run every eventuality - storming the house, pulling them out, shooting all the guards in the house.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, crossing his arms across his chest, "There is nothing else to consider. I've told you what to look for and provided you with the evidence. I've done your work for you."
"Yes," John replied breathlessly.
"My beautiful husband with hair
Sherlock kept his eyes down, on the floor. His brow was furrowed, hands twitching as he moved his fingers together. He startled John with the force and deep tone of his voice, "Stop, take me home."
, Hamish, and you love him back. I love how you make each other better, how there are parts of you, Hamish, that I cannot keep up with. I want to, but my brain doesn't work like a scientist, or a chemist. I don't understand what you're talking about. You two, you and Papa, fit together like peas in a pod. I never thought…" John feels his eyes well up and his voice catches.
John finds a beautiful, sunny field with wild flowers. He walks through it, the grasses up to his thighs, running his fingers over the tops of the grass. John twirls himself in circles in the grass, takes a few purple blooms and tucks them behind his ear. He's smiling, and then is giggling. This is ridiculous. This is grand.
"John Hamish Watson. It's my full name. I'm Scottish."
With all the chatter and yelling in his headset, Mycroft has to slowly pull it off his ears for some quiet, some respite, "Oh, Sherlock, what have you done."
On impulse, he picks up a pencil from Sherlock's desk. He peels away some of the wallpaper near the spray painted smiley face, just enough so he can write on the plaster below, but not too much that it's greatly noticeable.
The young, British man, disguised as a Jordanian, slips out unnoticed in the chaos.
Sherlock was terrified. Should he leave? Should he ask him if it was good? What does one do in cases like this-
"Oh, naive Mycroft," Moriarty clicks sympathetically, "That was just a distraction to keep John and Sherlock from focusing on the real plan. She's bent on taking over my organization. She's bent on destroying all of us in this room. And she will do so, with Charles Magnussen's backing, unless we stop them. All of us."
John quickly typed a response.
"Hello, gorgeous." Robert pushes up on his forearms to lay over Mycroft and kiss his mouth quickly, but soundly.
John shuffles uncomfortably onto the balls of his feet. Jim starts to reply.
Sherlock hadn't understood why Mycroft loved Gregory, but he couldn't stand his brother's red rimmed eyes or Gregory Lestrade's slumped shoulders. He had gone into his parents' room, after thinking for hours for options, and offered himself as a groom instead. He knew that men and women thought he was attractive, and he would make the best of it, and hoped for someone that was at least tolerable. He knew he'd assured his brother's happiness, but he couldn't believe that he'd secured his own.
Greg looked John up and down. He pursed his lips and said, "By a long time, you mean one and a half days since the conference started?"
"I've got to keep you two safe. I don't know if I can keep you two safe, my line of work is dangerous," Sherlock stepped closer to John, talking softly, "I would never forgive myself if anything happened. I worry constantly. I just don't know if I can do this."
Mycroft, mummy, or daddy couldn't help him, but they gave advice or comfort where they could. Mycroft never admitted that some days he cried, too, along with Sherlock, as he would let mummy rock him to sleep. It was a puzzle,
John tries to think of something comforting to say, an encouragement, but he can't. The only thing that occurs to him is the truth, what he believes down to his bones, "I'm sorry Sherlock," as he kisses his hair, rubs his shoulders, "I'm so sorry I wasn't brave enough to tell you I loved you; before Mary, during all those years we were together under the same roof."
Robert is screaming into Myc's headset, "What the fuck, Myc, did your brother just blow Magnussen's head off?"
Sherlock felt a pressure on his other side. He jumped. The old man in the white tartan was sitting on his other side, leaning in to catch his attention. He grinned, revealing a mouth of rotted teeth.
John wasn't processing the ramifications to the case. All he heard was the
He cannot stand to look at Sherlock pale, ill, reminder of when he almost slipped away.
Sherlock picked up ther put the note in a fold of his kilt and thought a moment, rolling the short Forsythia branch in his fingers. What did the note mean? Where would he go next? After a few minutes he rembered, the fields that bordered his land and the Watson land. That was where John had first seen Mycroft and Sherlock conducting experiments and had been intrigued with him.
"That's not good for you."
Sherlock looked around his phone, cocking up an eyebrow. He dryly said, "The ship is in motion, John, she is leaving port."
- but he didn't observe.
He slipped back to his room without a word.
The man, pulling back as far away from John as he could, tries to break eye contact. He's trying to think of what to say. The gun barrel is pushed harder onto his head.
"Are you all right?"
John was not a case. He was more difficult. He considered possible discussions with Greg about John, none of them he could see ending well. Did Greg know, and let him suffer in silence? Or was Greg truly ignorant of John's love and affection?
John strips his pants, and goes to pull at the waistband of his lover's when Sherlock stops him with his fingers on his jaw, "John, John."
John kept his hands to himself as they drove to Sherlock's home. He was nervous and excited as they drove the few blocks to his small home. Sherlock parked the car, winking at John as he bounded to the front door, unlocking it quickly. John followed behind, allowing himself to be propelled and pulled up the stairs to a living room filled with books. Sherlock clicked the door shut and kissed John as he unbuttoned his shirt, leaving John breathless. John's head was spinning as he was kissed across his neck, his throat, all while Sherlock stripped himself of his clothes. Unable to speak to one another besides gestures and phone notes, John understood as Sherlock began pulling John's clothing off of him. John looked around, searching for the bedroom. Sherlock tilted his head, then pulled John to a room on the left.
"When we were lying in bed, falling asleep in the early morning, you called me 'Greg'," Sherlock forced himself to make eye contact with John, "You still love him. You're not over him."
Sherlock felt arms pulling him to sit back on the bed. He wasn't sure if it was Mycroft or Tavis.
She moves close to Sherlock, her front touching him, dancing the barrel of her gun against his cheek. He bites his jaw together. He wants to taunt her, that she will lose eventually, but they have to play through the game. Keep the pieces moving. She wouldn't kill him now, or she already would have.
John pulled back and kissed him quickly on the mouth, "I live in an apartment within walking distance, let's go."
In the room where he'd found Sherlock (where he now understands Sherlock had to do drugs to keep his mind off of John's marriage), there are seven crackheads laying on the floor. Face up. Lined up. Dead at least four days by the stench and decay.
"John." He gives him a final, dark look, "You will be alone with her no longer than necessary. Only at the very end of the plan will you reconcile. We are all working together; no secrets, but some pieces I must keep to myself for security and to ensure your safety. If you don't know, no one can pressure you for that information."
"Please, Sherlock, let me use my dominate hand. Let me touch us both, together? You are fire and you are burning me alive."
"Jesus Christ," John exhales, moving backwards to sit on the couch. He jumps, his eyes adjusting to the dark; Sherlock had been sitting keeping watch in a chair near the window. Sherlock moves over to him, sitting on John's lap, overlapping kisses from his neck up his jawline.
(See the end of the chapter for
John was a little further away from Sherlock when he sat back down on the couch. He was rubbing at his mustache and his thigh; his physical tells when he was nervous.
Dimmock then addressed Sherlock directly, partially blocked by John's head, "So, she's a bit hysterical. Think you can handle it?"
As he was prepping for autopsy, he received a phone call. It was DI Dimmock, young and ready to prove himself to the rest of his officers. John knew he must have acted like that once, but it was a long time ago.
"But I-" Sherlock went over to his phone. He saw messages from Greg, Mycroft, John, and one from Hamish that were from the past few days. As he scanned his sent folder, he saw two messages: "John, come to Baker Street, if convenient.-SH" and "If inconvenient, come anyway.-SH"
A knock on the door and an impatient throat clearing from Mycroft interrupt their conversation. Sherlock gives John a peck on the nose, rolls his eyes, and they stand to meet with Mycroft in the living room.
"When I'm an adult I'm never taking a nap," Hamish huffed, "I'm going to be a grown up that never takes naps."
He waits 2 hours. Goes outside, walks through the alleyways and through small parks. He knows she will find him.
Her detailed report lists that she is faking her pregnancy. They are proceeding with Mycroft's "Pseudo" plan.
John laughed, drying his hands on a dish towel and coming up behind Sherlock to tickle his fingers around his stomach. He continued chuckling into Sherlock's neck as he delicately kissed his skin, "Sweetheart, it's just the two of us. Mrs. Hudson and Hamish are gone."
His mother Victoria explained, "You've been out for two days. Moving and thrashing, talking in circles. You were fading out quickly. Your breathing was getting weaker. John and his clansmen are gone working on a blackhouse plot, set on flat ground, near our house, in case you were invalided. We were afraid we would be slowly watching you waste away…." Victoria Holmes dabbed at her eyes with her plaid. Stuart Holmes reached out and patted  her hand.
Sherlock finally pulled back slightly to look at John's cock. It was weeping with precome,  thick and uncut, curving to John's right. Sherlock pulled back the foreskin and engulfted the entire head, causing John to cry out, "Sweet lord, Sherlock, have mercy," at this, Sherlock looked up at John, and their eyes met, and John knew that he was done for. Sherlock hummed around him, licking and kissing and sucking, and John felt his orgasm build quickly and release. Sherlock swallowed him, rubbing John's thighs as he did so, then rubbing up and down his stomach, the crease in his hips.
John led him, by the hand, gesturing to him that he would sit at the chair across from him, but next to Hamish. The table was set with a mismatched set of dishes and chairs. He couldn't remember the last time this many people, the last time anyone, had come over to eat with him. He didn't spoil the moment by explaining most of the dishes had been used at one time or another for experiments. He made a mental note to get more dishes and silverware, in case they stayed, in case they moved in.
John's head was pounding worse than ever after the encounter, so he went to Greg and told him he was begging off so he could work on his own presentation for the next morning. Greg crossed his arms, shook his head and simply said, "You need to get your shit together, Watson. You're behaving as absolute trash." Greg walked away and sat up front, Molly giving him a small wave and smile as he sat down.
"I'm not good at this, John. But I want you to know I love you, and I'll do my best," Sherlock kisses him until he's breathless; John is grateful they're on the bed or he would've collapsed. They finish pulling every inch of clothing off of each other. John looks at their bodies, naked, aroused, covered in scars. John's skin a warmer, rosy color; Sherlock's a paler, sleeker, cool tone.
John stood in front of Sherlock, bracing himself, Sherlock pulling himself up with the leverage of John's forearms. He nearly toppled into John's arms. Sherlock was just tipsy enough that his very thin filter was gone.
Now, to his ultimate shock, he was considering that Moriarty was innocent of this particular crime. There were still too many accidents and injuries with the trifecta of Moriarty, Magnussen and Mericurium insurance, but in this case, it was a horrible copycat crime.
"My dear one, my prince." John kissed Sherlock's eyelashes, his cheeks, his shoulders as he began to wash him in a warm shower. Reverently, John washed every bit of Sherlock, telling him how much he loved him; all of him- his mind, his heart, his soul.  As they rinsed the soap off of each other, John stood behind Sherlock, wrapping his arms around his stomach, pushing his chest and cheek into Sherlock's back.
Sherlock felt nervous being left alone in John's room. It was sparse, but full of books. He noticed, now that there was daylight streaming into the room, that his closet was full of power tools and safety equipment. He could imagine John working in the heat of day, climbing onto a roof or scaffolding, building a home from the foundation up. Sherlock had only seen him work for a day, and he was intrigued by his quick abilities to build and his extreme patience. He did not act as one would expect at first glance.
He sees that as he's been casually walking, storm clouds have been appearing in the distance. John grins, and breaks into a run, hoping to reach the cabin before it starts to rain.
"Oh, John," his voice was cracking, broken, aching. John wasn't unsure that he wasn't grateful to hear the way Sherlock said his voice, as it conveyed that he cared. John moved his hand again to his throat, gesturing to a cup he noticed on a tray table somewhere behind Sherlock.
John pulls himself up and over so he is sitting on Sherlock's lap, not straddling him, so his arm is still free and facing the IV. He wraps his other arm around Sherlock's neck and pulls him in tightly, kissing him with his tongue and nipping his lip with his teeth. Sherlock moans and grabs John tightly around the waist, kissing his cheek, eyelids, neck.
(18:45) Are you flirting with me? SH
He sighed.
(10:46) Hang on, did you say your name was Sherlock Holmes? It sounds vaguely familiar
The last message was perhaps a little too much to hope for, John knew. The Sherlock in his phone didn’t seem too eager to talk to him.
He’s back in the bathroom, staring into the mirror, looking at the bathtub reflected in it. Sherlock spins around on his heels and settles his gaze on the victim. A woman. Mid-40s. Sherlock shoots a look at her left hand. No ring. A boyfriend? A girlfriend? Sherlock takes her phone in his hand and scrolls through her text messages and emails. No affectionate messages, no endearments. No partner, then.
(11:15) Promise me you won't do it again. SH
John wakes up in Sherlock’s bed, and for a short moment he is blissfully unaware of the events that took place the previous night. He stretches out like a clumsy cat and reaches out his phone which is lying on top of the night stand. His fingers run across the shattered glass, and he remembers everything. He is on his own again.
He hadn’t gotten much sleep at all; his head had been spinning with thoughts and questions. Sherlock was gone, it hurt like fucking hell, and now he was off to start a new life—possibly to never return—and John was utterly
“Research,” he repeated before leaning in, biting on John’s earlobe, their cocks aligned and pressed together, “I was watching pornography, John.”
He can feel Mary’s stare on his face as he holds his gaze down, waiting for him to answer, but Sherlock can’t bring himself to speak, his mouth impossibly dry, his thoughts spinning and tumbling in disarray. Why has Mary, John’s date Mary, John’s possible future—if not current already— girlfriend Mary, come to meet him? How did she find him? What does she want from him?
(03:36) Oh please, John, a vampire? Really? SH
(13:12) So now you're angry with me? You are the one who slept in my bed although I told you THREE times not to touch anything. I should be angry with you. SH
‘You’ Sherlock said simply. ‘This. Always this. It’s always been you.’
(22:14) Where have you been? H
With newfound fierce possessiveness, John released one hand from Sherlock’s wrists, his now free hand roaming across the exposed skin on his abdomen, pushing the bathrobe aside to make room for exploration.
(14:33) From the Barts morgue. SH
(11:44) Of course. SH
(23:26) Oh. Thank you. SH
(14:54) I’m clever. I know where to hide. SH
(04:45) Well, the police believe it’s a suicide, but obviously it’s not. I just can’t prove it. Yet. SH
(20:17) Suppose we better do something about that. You free tomorrow? V
(10:08) Not much brainwork needed to deduce that, but why, why would you stop doing it if you enjoyed it so much? I have absolutely no idea, but I’m pretty sure you do. SH
Sherlock retracted his hand and placed his palm on John’s chest, making him stay in place. He had a mischievous grin on his face, and John had to swallow around the sudden dryness in his throat.
"Why you wouldn't listen to me? You tell me."
(07:00) I mean it, John. SH
(20:23) Meet me at Amigos, 6pm. Know where that is? Don't be late. ;) V
(11:21) How did you know that anyway? Friend of yours?
(10:39) Do they really allow you to do that? SH
"I--nothing. He is just letting me stay until I begin my military training, I-"
(04:01) Clearly. SH
(04:33) Still working on it. SH
The first punch hit John square across his chin, and he lifted his arms defensively to protect himself.
It stung a little, John had to admit that. He couldn't tell Sherlock the real reason he was still texting him though. It had been a coincidence that Sherlock had texted him in the first place, but John felt like he knew him, at least a part of him, although he had only observed him at school and interacted briefly with him over the past week. He
(02:41) What?! SH
(22:10) At least I wouldn’t be the one who gets too drunk and needs to be admitted to a hospital. SH
"Sherlock Holmes."
(11:07) Believe what you want :)
“When can we do that again?”
(12:03) I hope you're kidding. SH
(07:55) Only your life. SH
(04:46) Why are you texting me anyway? It's not like you don't have any friends. SH
In the next moment, Sherlock let out a surprised gasp as he was forcefully dragged into the alleyway they were just passing, and found himself pressed backwards up against the dark brick wall. In an instant, Victor's lips were on his, and it took Sherlock a few seconds to process what was happening, but once he had regained his senses he opened his mouth slightly, allowing Victor better access to his mouth.
fault that things had become a little off between them. John understood, though. It wasn't easy to keep in touch with someone who was so weak and pathetic, who couldn't even please his own father, no matter how hard he tried. Sherlock was far too intelligent to waste his time on John and his petty problems. Still, it hurt a little.
John sounded genuinely surprised, which confused Sherlock.
(14:59) Ah, so now you’re insulting me. Lovely. SH
Following the dark curls, he found himself inside a dimly lit, damp room, the air heavy with the smell of sweat and bodily fluids. There were men and women in compromising positions to either side of the entrance, couples entwined in each other on couches and makeshift beds, some engaging in group activities. John felt his pulse rise, his breathing becoming heavier, the sounds in the room tickling his arousal, praying desperately that Sherlock would be too occupied by the case to notice. Looking around, John noticed a few people stopping to look at them. Well, more accurately, looking at
"I assure you I know more than you could imagine."
“I warn you, you better stop texting him, you junkie. Do you understand? Don’t contact John Watson again.”
"I don't know wh--"
Sherlock stares at the screen, hoping the ground would open up and swallow him. Why would John want to stay at his place?
Sherlock had spent the whole morning at Scotland Yard, going through reports and helping Greg solve a few cases that had turned out to be child’s play, even though Greg had assured him several times that they were “impossibly difficult”. Due to the lack of challenge and mental stimulation, it had not taken long for Sherlock to get bored and start observing the people around him, not bothering to think about the appropriateness of letting everyone know who at the Yard was unfaithful to his husband, and who had a serious porn addiction.
(08:41) Oh, for god's sake, what did he say? SH
‘Sherlock. I can’t read minds’ John reminded him gently.
(22:41)What’s that supposed to mean? SH
(22:47) Nevermind, it's not important. What have you been up to? H
John decided, against his better judgement, to text Sherlock one more time before giving up.
Slowly, Sherlock swallowed around the sudden dryness in his throat, and forced himself to speak, "Um... yes. Thank you."
John sighs deeply. He doesn't really know what to do with all the feelings that are currently bottled up inside him, and so he drinks. He calls for a taxi and waits in the warm summer evening, a cigarette firmly placed between his fingers.
(00:41) Why won't you just answer the question? H
John is growing desperate. He doesn't understand why Sherlock won't see him, and it hurts. He thought that they had connected on some level but he was starting to think that maybe he'd been wrong. He spends most of his time at the Holmes estate lying on his back on his bed and occasionally eating when Mrs. Hudson brings him something. He chain smokes, hoping it will help still his itchy nerves.
(07:21) Avoid him at all costs. SH
“Wha--” John began, but the look in Sherlock’s eyes told him not to ask any questions. Raising his eyebrows, John simply shrugged his shoulders and muttered something about being tired, making an excuse for himself to retire into his bedroom. Sherlock’s flushed face fresh on his mind, he felt his cock stiffening again, and he had to fight the urge to bite down on his hand in frustration. Out of all the people he had to go and develop feelings for, of course he had to choose the most complicated man on the planet.
He grabs his coat and shoves his phone back into his pocket.
(07:20) Oh. SH
'Very well, brother. I promise.'
(14:52) Murder? Yes. Being rude? No. I’m not rude, people are just stupid. SH
(19:18) They want me to stop texting you. SH
(03:59) I don't know, Sherlock. I never thought I would actually be interacting with you, just observe from a distance. H
(07:26) You might not want to tell your father though. SH
(10:25) Good. SH
With trembling fingers, Sherlock took a deep breath in through his nose, and pressed send.
(07:31) Good night, John. SH
Hi guys. Sorry for the massive delay in updates! We have been flooded in school work, personal life and we have both had severe writer's block. We haven't forgotten this story and it will be continued. Slow and steady wins the race, right?
As he heard the receding footsteps of his dad in the staircase, he slumped together on the floor and let his tears fall free.
"Congratulations on what?"
He clenches his chest as he lets out a quiet sob, slumping down to sit in Sherlock's room, his back resting against the bedroom door. John lifts his knees up to his chest and rests his head on them, rocking himself back and forth. All the things that have happened to him fade to nothing in comparison to this gaping hole in his chest.
John lingered for a moment longer than perhaps socially acceptable, trying to take in all the pieces of information about Sherlock that were present between the four walls. He took one long last look before he closed the door behind him... and stood face-to-face with a young, costume-clad man.
(07:24) That’s perfectly normal. SH
(17:39) Oh. I don't know. I guess I don't have one, either. SH
It doesn’t take him many weeks to realize his attraction for the taller man. He
Fumbling for words was definitely not Sherlock. John held his breath.
‘There's not enough time, Mycroft! Do it yourself, just--do it, will you? And check the GPS location of my phone, I'm--I'm still here.’
(17:24) What's your type? SH
Thrumming with nervous energy, Sherlock exits his mind palace. Disoriented, he rummages through the papers on the desk until he finds his mobile phone. With trembling fingers, his heart racing in his chest, Sherlock opens a new text message.
Sherlock let out a chuckle. “There was,” he said, his voice low and rough with desire, “I solved it when Lestrade called.”
"Sorry, Sher," John murmured, regret instantly hitting him as he heard Sherlock's defensive response. "Just want you to be happy."
Sherlock’s phone gives a last warning beep before going dead as he stuffs it back into his pocket with trembling fingers. He has three minutes and twenty-six seconds left before a car pulls up, three minutes and twenty-six seconds left to get himself together before one of Mycroft’s men sees the state he’s in, but he can’t bring himself to move, can’t bring himself to care, his pride being the last thing on his mind.
(08:14) Well, what do you think? SH
(11:53) Mind telling me what happened? SH
He picks up his phone again; the screen has broken and cracked from the force of the landing. Through the tears he manages to type a reply.
“I just… your voice. It’s… soothing.”
(03:44) I get invited, it's true. H
(06:42) I don’t know. SH
(11:46) I like you
"You don't believe me."
(03:33) Sneak in? Why? Where have you been? Nothing, just couldn't sleep. SH
“Are you offering?”
(14:17) Not gonna happen. And yes, I’m 17, like I already told you. Why is it so hard to believe? Because I don’t know every stupid slang word? SH
(22:57) SH
(02:03) Oh, I wish. At least that way I wouldn’t have to die of boredom. SH
, he thought. Well, if things with John were ruined, he might as well ruin them properly. But then John’s fingers began caressing his face gently and he completely lost his train of thought.
As soon as he is shaking Rose’s hand, she pulls his sleeve up and inserts a needle into his arm and he gasps in surprise just as a deep, baritone voice behind him shouts his name.
(10:30) Must have gotten the information wrong. Greg
"Ah, little brother" Mycroft replies. "May I inquire, how is sentiment working for you?"
(10:45) I don't have a hobby. This is my WORK! SH
Then Sherlock’s hand came down between them, gripping both their cocks firmly in his hand, and John moaned Sherlock’s name. The friction between them was too much and not enough all at once and John found himself desperately bucking into the skilled movement of Sherlock’s palm.
They hadn't really spoken since John's last incident, and John felt it rest like a heavy weight on his shoulders. Of course, it was
(22:17) How are you? SH
Without thinking about what he was doing, he leaned over to the left and reached for his razor that he used to shave. He pressed it against his inner left arm and quickly pulled it sideways, surprised when a thin red line appeared on his skin. Dropping the razor, he looked at his arm with fascination. A small drop of blood had started pooling in the corner of the small cut, and he squeezed it gingerly until the surface tension broke and the droplet started rolling. Finally, if only for a few minutes, his thoughts stopped spiraling.
"You know I will not tolerate having a faggot son," he spat and punched John again in the stomach, hard enough for John to double over and for his vision to become blurry with tears.
“Gorgeous,” Sherlock breathed, and John felt his heart flutter pleasantly.
He hails a cab that happens to pass him by and tells the driver Harry’s address. She really is all he has left, now.
His eyes were glazed and his lips were swollen, and the intensity in his gaze was a little intimidating. Sherlock could see he was also struggling to regain his composure and catch his breath, the outline of an erection visible through the fabric of his jeans.
(22:12) You wanted me to text you? SH
(04:39) Should I call the police? SH
Sherlock listened to the beeping sound of the disconnected line, too stunned to lower the phone from his ear.
[15:31] I don't care. Promise me. SH
(18:52) I can't. SH
(12:21) Why would I kill you? SH
Sherlock is back at the second crime scene, standing in front of a window. He glances out through it, and sees the same woman, this time sitting on a bench. She has covered the most of her face with a newspaper, but her eyes gaze upward toward the window.
The sight of Sherlock was breath-taking. His chest was pale and skinny yet muscular, and his lips were swollen and red from kissing. His pupils were dilated and he was panting slightly, his eyes fixed on John’s.
(10:23) God, I hate not knowing. SH
(10:22) You gave me a wrong number. SH
(05:35) Oh, shut up. It’s not that big. SH
"Because you, Sherlock Holmes, are a pain in the ass."
He misses his friends back at uni. They made him forget all of his troubles, and it made him sleep a little better at night. He hasn't slept in Sherlock's bed since he left the note. He is tired.
(12:17) Yes, you did. Scroll up. SH
(00:13) Yes, I'll let you. In fact, you can do whatever you like. I'm sure dating some girl you happened to meet at a bar is much more important than the case. Sorry for bothering you. SH
The sudden rush of adrenaline numbs John’s throbbing head and he opens his eyes to his surroundings. He doesn’t recognize where he is, and suddenly it all comes crashing down to him; meeting Rose, the needle in his neck and
You too, Sherlock thinks as he clutches the phone to his chest. You too, John.
(03:20) Are you back home yet? SH
[23:34] Oh, you know what? Never mind. You're right. Ignore everything I just said. I'll let you get back to enjoying your night snack. SH
[09:53] Keep your fat nose out of this, Mycroft. SH
(02:30) I know you're awake. SH
(17:44) Oh. I see. SH
(12:11) John, I'm sorry, but I can't let you have it. SH
Restraints.
Just as he was turning his head back around he noticed the door handle moving downward, and heard the unmistakable sound of a mechanical lock turning and unlocking.
The words stung him, and he faltered for a second before replying, "I'm not a child, Mycroft. I can take care of myself." Sherlock hated the betraying strain in his voice, knowing very well that nothing escaped his brother's notice.
(10:43) This is getting rather exciting. SH
(11:55) You have to be joking. SH
He walks over to the door and locks it before picking up his bag from the floor. He rummages through it, and with shaking fingers pulls out a small flat box. Sherlock slides down the door until he’s sitting on the floor, and for a brief moment he closes his eyes. He’s not proud of what he’s going to do, but he needs it. Drugs will calm his overwhelmed mind and help him to reach a solution; they will help him to concentrate on the work, and make him forget the boy for a while.
Hunched over his microscope, Sherlock is sitting in Bart’s lab, looking at one of the bathwater samples, trying to find anything that could bring him closer to Moriarty, but he finds nothing. The case seems impossible to solve, and he’s frustrated, and tired, and it doesn’t help at all that he can’t get John Watson out of his mind. John is messing with his thoughts, invading his mind palace, and stealing his attention away from what matters the most. All that matters to him—all that should matter to him—is the work, and now he’s pining for John like a hormone-riddled teenager, pining for a boy who will never be interested in him, not in the way Sherlock wants him to.
(10:46) Of course not. You were already asleep when I came home. SH
Fighting the sick feeling swirling inside him, Sherlock closes his eyes and enters his mind palace. He needs to solve the case. It’s the only way he can keep John safe.
(15:52) You wouldn’t be able to catch me. SH
"Don't fucking lie to me! Were you out with men, you poofter?"
(20:49) No. SH
(04:15) You're highly intelligent, pretty rude and you don't understand social norms. H
(19:16) I'm serious. SH
(14:46) They are dead. It isn’t as if they cared. SH
(22:04) Sorry to break it to you then. SH
(17:50) Sentiment is a chemical defect. I try to keep myself distant. SH
(12:46) Oh. I'll understand if you prefer to stop texting me. It was nice, though, H. SH
“Sherlock, I wouldn’t” John says gravey.
(10:48) Oh. You would? SH
With each passing second, John is moving further and further away from him, and he can feel his mind going into shock. A bead of sweat rolls down his forehead, and feeling dizzy, Sherlock fumbles in the pockets of his coat with trembling fingers until he finds his mobile phone, growing more panicked as he notices that the battery is running low. Adrenaline coursing through his veins, Sherlock somehow manages to punch his brother's number and raise the phone to his ear despite his shaking hands.
(10:53) Really? SH
He rolls over on his side and closes his eyes, willing sleep to come to him.
(23:42) Going to be a late one. Don’t wait up. SH
(14:11) Those things will kill you. SH
He feels pathetic. He is pathetic. He’s lying in his bed like a heartbroken teenager, wishing John was there inside his arms instead of the pillow that is damp with his tears. Sherlock knows that he should be in Bart’s lab, trying to find clues, evidence, or anything at all that could help him to solve the case and find Moriarty, but he can’t bring himself to move.
[23:02] Are you sure you have your best men watching John? SH
(19:10) That's not what I said. I said, Mary doesn't appreciate you. She's just trying to get to me through you. You have to trust me. SH
(14:51) I doubt that. SH
With trembling fingers John hovers over Sherlock’s contact information, before pressing call.
(22:26) I don't have friends. SH
Thrumming the fingers of his left hand impatiently against his thigh, Sherlock opened his text conversation with Greg, scolding himself for not having double-checked the number. He should have known that even such a simple task was beyond Greg's capabilities.
(05:37) Make yourself at home. SH
"I know" Harry says quietly.
(12:05) Oh, he has a problem with everyone. Don't take it personally. SH
(20:11) Hey baby ;) miss me already? V
Sherlock rolled his eyes at Greg's text, not even bothering to reply. "Unbelievable,” he muttered to himself with annoyance.
(12:48) I thought you were busy. SH
(10:17) All previous victims were women. Now, they've found a man. SH
‘Mr. Watson’ she greets him. ‘I wasn’t sure you were going to come. Joining us is a big step.’
The ride back to Baker Street was silent and uncomfortable. Sherlock was lost in thought, staring at the passing landscape from behind the car window. John was thankful for the fact that his friend was distracted, because it gave him further opportunity to will his erection away. He felt mortified because this situation didn’t affect Sherlock the way it had affected him, arousal and attraction pooling in his lower abdomen, hormonal like a bloody teenager. But Sherlock was, and always would be, Sherlock. He always would be disinterested in romantic entanglement and considered his body a mere means of transportation. Neither of those facts seemed to reduce the burning desperation in John’s chest, his skin practically burning from desire. It would take an extremely long, cold shower to rectify this situation.
“No, with my grandmother. Yes, with me, you git.”
‘Sorry, I didn’t quite get your name’ John says in an attempt to… well, do
(22:23) Who is this? SH
(08:46) What did you reply? SH
(10:18) Of course it's the same killer! SH
(18:21) You can't trust her. SH
‘No, of course not. Sherlock, I- it won’t happen again, I’m so sorry, I just. Your back- it’s?’
(10:50) I did. But it's highly unlikely you know me. Unless you, too, work for Scotland Yard, that is. SH
(12:15) Well, I suppose I don't actually hate you. SH
[23:11] And where might that be? SH
“Are you texting him right now?”
(11:23) Your father's an arsehole, and you should know that he's wrong. He's wrong about you. SH
(18:59) She doesn't appreciate you! SH
(01:04) It's for the better if you stay away from it. SH
John had no way of telling. Gently he pulled Sherlock’s face closer to his own and pushed their lips together gingerly.
The taxi arrives and John puts his cigarette out with the boot of his shoe. He shoves his phone into his jacket pocket and enters the taxi, telling the driver to take him to London.
(11:06) Oh, dear god. SH
(10:31) The killer's getting bored, and well, I can't really blame him for that. He craves appreciation. Applause. He wants to attract attention. He wants the police to know that these are not just suicides. This is only the beginning, something is about to change. SH
“Yeah, of course.”
? This was just not good. John threw his phone onto his bed and hid his face in his hands. His dad was actually going to kill him if he ever found out he as much as
(03:21) Are you awake? H
(17:12) Consulting criminal. SH
"What are you talking about? What question?"
(00:54) I know. SH
(16:12) I insist. SH
His head shoots up, “What did you say?” His voice is hoarse, thin.
Sherlock had never dreamed, never thought it possible that another human being would be attracted to him. The thought of someone like Victor being interested in a pathetic little freak like him felt too good to be true.
(13:43) What’s wrong? SH
(22:28) Rose-scented bathwater. It has to mean something. SH
(03:51) Trying to get yourself killed, aren’t you? There are easier ways, really. SH
(11:52) I see. SH
(10:02) Just had to get a few things. SH
(10:59) Oh, I didn't know anyone at school knew my name. Who are you? SH
(07:12) Not at home. SH
(20:12) Message me later? H
(22:43) Just tell me what you want. SH
Slowly, Sherlock climbed off him, turning around on all fours, slowly crawling backward until his face was aligned with John’s cock, and his own hard member was hanging in front of John’s face. Holding his weight up by his forearms, Sherlock experimentally swirled his tongue around John’s shaft, causing a loud moan from John, which was quickly stifled by the sensation of a hot mouth around his cock. In unison, they started moving, their tongues swirling desperately against the other’s cock, the pressure in their groins buildings, their moans only partly stifled, saliva running from the corner of their mouths. Feeling the pressure building was almost unbearable, and Sherlock sucked down harder, John matching his movements, and in a moment they were both coming, their seed spilling into each others mouth, both lapping it up greedily.
Sherlock managed to crawl back to John’s face before collapsing on his body, their breaths erratic and hearts pounding, a slick layer of sweat covering their chests and foreheads. Opening one eye lazily, Sherlock’s eyes golden in his post coital glow, he licked his lips, uttering the words that would change their lives forever.
(06:17) Yes, I'll be fine. SH
At 05:53 John is out of the front door with all his belongings packed in a trolley and a pulse of over 120 beats per minute. His left hand is shaking and twitching nervously but he clenches and unclenches it, willing himself to take a deep breath and calm down.
(02:53) And you’re drunk. Go to sleep, John. SH
(02:35) What are you talking about? SH
Mycroft seemed momentarily stunned, but quickly recovered. "You think this is caring?" he scoffed with disdain. "This is minimising any inconvenience you may cause, should you spiral out of control again. You know what happened last time."
(12:15) Your text last night. You said I smell good. SH
Sherlock huffed, a hint of irritation in his voice.
(04:48) I don't know. Does it bother you? H
(10:54) Then you clearly don’t know many people. SH
John was crouching on the ground beside him, his left hand uncertainly hovering near Sherlock’s face. Sherlock opened his eyes and wished the ground beneath him would swallow him whole.
John's palms were sweaty and his heart was pounding heavily.
(02:29) You must have serious anger issues. SH
“Fuck, Sh- Sherlock.”
(14:11) A selfie? SH
"Why won't you just answer the damn question?" John said, exasperation clear in his voice.
(11:28) Good. SH
"Sherlock."
(14:15) And yes, it seems so, I’m afraid. SH
(03:49) Then help me understand. SH
(02:01) Stole what? SH
(10:05) Something's wrong. SH
But this time he was on the receiving end of attraction and his mind was running on overdrive, trying to make sense of what was happening, his brain registering the firm pressure of the boy's lips on his. Sherlock melted in the sensation of Victor's tongue against his, the tip of it moving along his lips. His lungs burning in his chest, he felt a rush of heat flooding him from head to toe, the new sensations sending tiny sparks along his spine.
