"He's a spy... It won't take him long to figure out your game. You're going to have to be a really good actor, паук." That last word, spider, was the first word out of his hallucination's mouth that didn't sound like a monotone recording. Was he remembering? He didn't think so. Every day he strayed farther from whoever he used to be, but this was a tactic taught to him by Natasha, not that he remembered her.
He shook his head but when he looked down he saw the knife in his hands and he sobbed. He knew it was true, that he deserved it. He deserved to pay for what he'd done. He deserved to die for killing her, to suffer for the way that she suffered at his hands. But killing himself wouldn't bring him any suffrage, he had to make it hurt first. He had to hurt, he had to hurt...
Wade was busy being on the lookout for one of Peter's parents. Though either Wade wasn't paying enough attention, or this guy was just that good, because when the man with the metal arm showed up, Wade never saw him coming.
"He... Dropped me from high up, he threw me onto the ground, slammed me into things... Slammed my head into the ground... His suit exploded, and I couldn't just let him die. He was a bad guy, but I couldn't leave him to die, Wade, I couldn't do it."
But Wade, deciding to be a gentleman for once in his goddamn life, took the time to find the lube he'd stuffed away in his bag.
Now, Bucky Barnes had been intimate with plenty of men and women alike. He also used to have a younger sibling, and he was in the military, so if there's one thing he knows how to handle, it's an immature brat with an attitude... Which meant he knew just how to deal with Stark.
Bucky let out a groan against the skin of Steve's neck as Nat dug her nails into his thigh. Steve's whining was like music to Bucky's ears as he rolled his hips. Without even looking Bucky could pinpoint the moment that Nat started touching herself just so she could get a little something, and he decided that wouldn't do. Bucky was not about to let the only lady do all the work and not get anything out of it, so he used his grip on her hair to pull her to her feet.
Peter slipped his hands underneath Wade's sweater and Wade reluctantly allowed him to pull it off. The exposure of his skin hurt like flames were tickling every inch of his body. To be held under Peter's gaze like this burned him. But Peter paid no mind to his damaged skin, at least, not in the way that Wade feared. Peter leaned up and attached his lips to the place just below Wade's collarbone.
He made what felt like a neverending trip to the point they were meant to meet. He saw Wade standing there, looking excited to see him. Peter reached into his coat as he approached the merc, who was still beaming. Peter approached quicker, easily pretending to be happy... And yanked the knife from inside his jacket, quickly plunging it into Wade's chest. There was a spurt of blood and a sickening crack of Wade's sternum as Peter shoved the blade as hard as he could into the merc's body.
Wade held a legitimate looking Santa sack full of stuff. He sat it down by the other presents before walking over and giving Peter a tight hug. Peter buried his face into Wade's shoulder, and his sweater smelled like chocolate, gunpowder and cigarette smoke. Somehow it was soothing. He heard Nat's camera click from somewhere in the room but doubted she was focused on them in the slightest. When Peter pulled out of the hug, Nat put her hand on Wade's shoulder and gently urged him to go introduce himself in some kind of non-threatening manner.
And through all of the pain, and the hours of torture, not once did he plead. Never begged for an end. Never once did he attempt to fight back, or even move.
And he didn't just murder them. He beat Howard Stark's face in with his metal fist and choked the innocent Maria to death. And the worst part is that he knew who they were. He recognized their faces while the Soldier was walking up to their car.
"Besides, Madame Widow, you know what happened to the last family you had." He circled her as he spoke, though she stared straight ahead." Or have you forgotten? Should I remind you about what happened to them? To Nikolai? To Alexi?" He paused right behind her and placed his hands on her flat stomach, whispering directly into her ear. "To your child?"
Vision was the next person to notice. He could hear Peter's cries through the wall, and if he flew across the base for the one person he knew could help Peter, nobody had to know about it.
"What?"
But Steve was still being so kind to him, he was listening intently and giving him all of the attention, even when the waitress tried flirting with him. It was like their first date all over again, which occurred in his very shop.
T'Challa's only parting words to the pair were "play nice". And Peter wasn't totally sure what that meant because he was still focused on the fact that having an attitude towards the ROYAL FAMILY got him the princess's favor. He was dumbfounded. He was used to his attitude getting him in trouble over everything else. He watched over his shoulder as Okoye followed T'Challa back out the doors, but not before she spared a glance to him over her own shoulder.
Peter didn't quite know what to do right now. He had a cellphone in one hand and a syringe in the other. He had a date with Wade tomorrow and his parents were upstairs probably wondering why he hadn't greeted them yet.
Peter didn't miss the way the man's grip on his gun relaxed, or the way that the man pulled him closer. The metal-armed man stood in the corner, chuckling as he watched the scene before him.
Peter came to an abrupt stop when Natasha stepped in front of him. He looked down at the floor and didn't even try to protest when she pulled the sunglasses off of his face. The room went silent. Tony was staring with wide eyes, mentally trying to decide who the hell thought they had rights to put their hands on Peter.
At first, the girl said nothing, greeting Peter only with a glance of the eye over his shabby appearance before she turned her full attention to her brother.
He stands outside of her apartment building for a long minute, looking up at the floor that she lives on to hype himself up and go over his words one more time. He finally enters the building and takes the stairs two at a time up to her floor. As soon as he left the stairwell he could feel the nerves begin to build up, but he forced them back down.
Steve thinks, maybe, what happened to Peter was his fault. Maybe there's a world out there where none of this would have happened to Peter, and in that world maybe there was no Steve and that's why Peter, and everyone else, would be fine. Maybe in that world, he never came back out of the ice.
He pulled the photo of him and May from the wall, eyes squeezed shut as he did so. This would be the first time he'd opened the little hole in the wall since he'd been home. He wasn't sure what was inside anymore.
Standing outside of the room for as long as they did seemed like some kind of formality like they were waiting for some kind of invitation into whatever kind of torture chamber was on the other side of the door. Inside there was cursing and the occasional scream, but nothing more. Peter's once heightened senses were failing him now, so if there were any other noises inside, he couldn't tell.
The douchebag was obviously high as he answered, "Aww man, nothin' bad, just a little bit of Cherry Meth, ya know? It's no big deal."
He needed to be the guy that would get the job done and mow down anyone who got in the way. He needed to finish the mission with another success. He needed to make sure that Peter got out of here alive. And if Peter was already gone, he'd blow up the whole damn building while he was still inside.
Maybe he didn't like killing people, but today he wouldn't say a damn word if everyone else in this jet murdered every single asshole on the inside. These were the Avengers, and their youngest member, their friend, their son, was in danger.
When Peter zoned back in, Wade was leaning against the wall opposite him. He wasn't trying to talk (which for Wade is a first) to Peter at all. He was just watching him. Checking on him. Some part of Peter's mind made note that Wade was taking better care of him right now than Tony ever had. Peter mentally scolded himself because Tony'd taken such good care of him. He moved him onto the base, made his suits, gave him a place to train... But it was also Tony's fault he'd almost died in that warehouse.
Wade loved the noises that Peter was making, even though he was barely doing anything. He was moving his hips rather slowly, teasing the boy a little for the time being. Peter was begging into Wade's ear for him to please stop teasing him. Wade obliged and sped up his hips, easily pulling rougher moans from Peter's lips.
"Yes, Mr. Parker."
He did spend a lot of time listening though. He listened to Steve and Nat, and he'd listened to them both talk to Tony, but he never made any input. Sure he thought some things, but nowadays Bucky was a man of few words. Even fewer than before... Everything.
Peter felt at home in Wade's arms. And Wade, well, despite the sins that were about to ensue, felt blessed. He had this young boy in his arms and the boy wasn't even fazed by his humor or his skin.
"Shh, it's gonna be okay Petey, you're alright. You're safe here, okay? Nobody's going to hurt you here. I won't let them, shh." As Wade went on talking, Peter seemed to calm down a little.
While Peter did that, he made his way back to his own room to prepare himself and call Steve back.
A voice in his mind chimed, "Liar."
Because Peter had been hanging out with those senior kids like it was no problem in the world. He let them pressure him into drinking even though he didn't want to, and with one of them making his drinks, it wasn't hard for his cup to get spiked.
Bucky didn't feel any better but he appreciated the humor, staying silent to allow the prince to continue. "I'm here to offer a place for you and your young son inside of our borders. I can offer you safety, a sense of normality, jobs, a home. Anything you might need for the time you stay with us."
On the very top of the stuff inside, was an LED makeup mirror and Peter could only imagine the bright, never been used lights and how they might shine on his skin. He sat it on the bed and continued looking through the box.
Peter hesitates before answering. "They... They beat me up in the bathroom today... Still hurts. I'm not... I'm not healing right, I don't know what's wrong."
Steve looked bewildered, though his posture was rigid, firm. He was still like a wall and his voice was cold as ice. "I got him shot?"
It was like something in him, in them, snapped into place and the panic was replaced by worry. Why was he strapped down? How long had they been here? Where was here? Was Peter okay?
Some doctor had come in a couple of times, but he didn't bother speaking to Peter, which was fine. He wasn't in the mood to speak, all he wanted to do was sleep, but it just wouldn't come to him and it was pissing him off.
Peter smiled to himself as he walked towards the door. He turns to the older man as he grabs the handle and repeats the one phrase he'd asked Nat to teach him. "You know what they say: Яблоко от яблони."
The bodies of Hydra agents were strewn all across the main room. Steve had to step over several to even get to the hallway that led to the rest of the building. He only tried to check the pulse of two, but he gave up on that, knowing that with the state that Bucky was in now, there would be no survivors.
In his already angered state, standing here with Stark only made it worse. He was more than furious, he was pissed because Tony Stark betrayed not just him, but Steve and Natalia as well. He tried to calm down because as angry as he was, he'd once begun to love Tony, but that just made him angrier. Knowing that the man in front of him, the man he'd started to really love, threw the three of them away for Bruce... It was heartbreaking and sickening all at once and he really could have just strangled Stark to death where he stood.
Tonight was one of those nights that everyone was gone. Nearly the whole team was away and it left the base eerily silent. Peter sat up from his bed and pulled his blanket tight around his shoulders. He clutched his pillow to his chest and went in search of a different place to sleep.
The walls here weren't soundproof though, so everyone would need to be considerate of everyone else. A loud truck was heard outside and when they looked, Tony was getting out of the passenger's side with some other agents. Tony asked them which part would be Peter's, so he could install all of the good equipment for the kid, and well, them too. Another truck pulled up, with contractors, supplies. Carrying the quickest things to fix, like the sinks and outlets.
"You should be more concerned with yourself, Peter."
And for some reason, despite all he'd been through in the last months... no, year? How long had it really been? He was no longer sure, though, he'd barely been sure in the first place. He glanced to a large doorway across the room where he saw May and The Soldier standing together, just watching... Which, would be absolutely terrifying if they were real. Though Peter supposed it should be scarier to him that they aren't real. It meant that he was starting to slip, which was bad. Every time he saw them he felt safe and peaceful, but in the back of his mind, he wanted to dig into his wrists and pull his own veins out for being stuck with them and the things they represent.
"Mr. Rumlow... What would I have to do to get extra special priviledges?"
Letting go of Wade, Peter took a step back. "What'd they do?" Upon getting no response, he spoke again, this time louder and more urgently. "What'd they do to me, Wade?!"
"And don't be lazy. If you want a reward, you have to earn it." He snapped as he put his hands on his hips.
He just wanted to bring the boy back. He wanted his laughter to fill in the silence around them. He wanted the boy's smile to dull the ache in his chest. He wanted to teach the boy more. The boy who had so much to live for. He had so much ahead of him, and Bucky would be damned if Peter didn't get to see it.
"If not now, then when, Tony? Because I truly am getting tired of not knowing what this is. I'm tired, Tony." Bruce rubbed his forehead with the sleeve of his sweater. "I don't even know why you keep me around sometimes. Is it really because you feel something for me, or am I charity case to you? A-A tool to make Steve want you back?"
The moment he spotted the "doctor" he felt the anger and power surge through his veins all at once. He knew his chance was coming in just a few short minutes and he was ready. He was ready to put an end to the man who brought him all of this suffering. He was going to get payback for his suffering. He'd avenge Aunt May.
"You really want to do this in front of Peter?"
He remembered a church and a casket and people dressed in black and the photo of a man. He remembered May crying over him, whoever he was. He could see the little church from the street and knew that was the place they needed to have May's funeral. It felt right. Having to bury her, though... That was wrong.
Peter stares at the computer for a long moment. "I think my parents were spies."
Wade lifted his hips and let his jeans be tugged down and smirked when he heard Peter gasp. Wade wasn't sure it was from the size of his dick or the way he was swirling his tongue, but he didn't really care. It was his turn to gasp whenever Peter wasted absolutely no time in taking Wade in as far as he could in one go.
Peter was getting more and more desperate. His whines got louder and he kept whimpering Wade's name and Wade knew that he was getting close. He squeezed Peter's hip and sped up ever so slightly.
Steve followed Bucky, just like he always had. Except for this time he was much farther back than he'd ever been before. To tell the truth, he was afraid, not for himself, but for Bucky. He saw what Bucky'd been doing, and God only knows how long he'd been doing it before Steve showed up.
Wade's cheeks flushed as his dick strained against his sweats. Peter didn't move, waiting for absolute consent. The moment Wade nodded, it was like a free-for-all.
Wade went for different hand placement and put his hands on Peter's butt once more.
The masked man stopped talking altogether when he looked in Peter's direction, but as soon as Bucky saw that Peter was being stared at, he punched the man in the gut and continued to drag him down the hallway.
"Wait until I tell Mr. Stark about this... Wait until he hears that I had to kill you because you betrayed us all!"
What In The Fuck Is Even Happening?
She started with explaining how she Bucky and Steve have been looking for a place to live off base because thet honestly can't stand the seclusion either. She told him that they knew he didn't want to live on base anymore either. Then she saw his eyes light up as she told him they'd found a place, and they'd love for him to live with them. He got so excited before stopping and asking about Tony.
"So, what? Am- Am I pregnant? Is that what you're saying?" Peter felt his heart drop. Kids were always something that he wanted in his life, and this could certainly be considered a gift in a way, but what would it mean for him? That he was pregnant with Wade's child? He and Wade weren't even a couple of any kind, they weren't stable enough for a family yet, even if they were a couple. But to be pregnant so early in his life? To be pregnant at all? Peter knew the impossibility of it all, but if Wade was telling the truth, then he could be pregnant.
He thinks he remembers a brief instance where she might've been pregnant, but the memory is so blurred he can't make out what's really happening.
Next to him was a small tray covered in bloody bandages and a bowl with little silver pieces in it. It didn't take a genius to figure out that they'd once belonged to a bullet.
So I started this chapter almost 2 weeks ago but I'm a depressed piece of shit so I forgot all about it
In the middle of the room were three trucks, loaded for max weight and heavily armed. These were battering rams, meant to plow down everything in their path.
Quickly he turned back to Shuri. "Hey, are there any anti-hallucination medications that won't hurt the baby?"
"He's alive, and he's at the same base that they're keeping Peter." Bucky's eyes were wide, filled with rage and terror and sadness all at once. Steve didn't blame him. Brock Rumlow was one of the men that was there when Bucky was being tortured. Steve was once able to piece that together after Bucky had awoken from a nightmare, shouting something about a skull and crossbones.
"Somebody took Peter." He called as he approached Steve. He handed the watch over to his lover and watched as Steve brought up Friday. He asked the AI if there was any footage of what happened, and she brought up a hologram of the last 30 seconds of recording before Peter's pulse disappeared from the reader.
"Bucky?" Steve's voice was soft as he walked towards the bed.
"Deadpool failed his mission to impregnate you, so I'm using his DNA to do it properly."
Peter paused, smile momentarily fading. "You're not disappearing to Italy for 10 years or anything, are you?"
"I can't leave without you... I don't want to and, I-I know you're a lot stronger than I am, you're more likely to get out than I am."
Peter nodded, though he wasn't entirely sure that Wade was telling him the truth.
"Hey, Petey baby." The merc said with a smile as he sat the box and bags down on the floor. "How're you feeling?"
Peter jumped and ripped his earbuds out quick enough to hear Bucky shouting something in Russian.
to find you. They don't want you back, Peter. They never wanted you. Nobody wants you, Peter. Not them, not May, not your
He put his hand on Bucky's shoulder, where the metal met the flesh, and squeezed.
Wade approached the glass with a small smile. "Actually, I think you should keep it. It's a piece of shit, but it's a better piece of shit than Stark will ever give you."
Peter pulls his jacket closer to his body. He's not really dressed for the weather, purposely only wearing a thin jacket despite the thick snow. He left early this morning to avoid seeing his parents and getting scolded for his lack of preparation for the day. He took a total detour from school after he got off of the train, walking in the totally opposite direction.
Bucky tosses Eddie's phone back to him before turning to Peter. "Tired?"
Even from up on the 5th floor, Peter could see Wade exhale a big cloud of smoke from his cigarette as he laughed and waited for Peter's reply. Peter just nodded, because he knew that Wade could see him. "Yeah, that sounds good... I can't wait for you to see what I-"
Nat didn't say anything against this because technically true. Wade was here because Peter had been sick, Nat just didn't know why. Wade paused and sighed. "And there's something that I have to tell you."
Wade lifted Peter's other leg and the angle let him push even deeper into Peter's tight warmth. Wade had to admit, casually being balls-deep in a minor out in public was so fucking thrilling. Illegal, but thrilling all the same. Little Peter was so fucking sinful and addicting, once he started thinking about it he just couldn't make it go away until he came inside of Peter's shapely little ass. And now that he had the little Spiderling folded in half and impaled on his cock? He only wished he had a camera.
Steve's body jerked and Peter felt a hand around his arm. He looked into Steve's now grey eyes and listened as Steve spoke words garbled by the blood. "You... Could've... Saved... Us..."
Peter can't help but think Wade looks cute in his sweatshirt, but he says nothing aloud. "I was under the impression that you didn't know how to cook."
"It's not you guys, it's me, I... I don't even know who I am anymore, and I appreciate you guys including me, but I just don't remember. I don't, I'm sorry." There were tears of anger and frustration in his eyes and no matter how much he blinked they refused to go away and it was just frustrating him more.
"What about Mantis?"
He carried his somewhat heavy trash bags back up to the apartment and giggled as Natasha came to help him unload the gifts by the tree.
(memory lane part 1)
Wade had already perked up when he heard Peter's voice. "What's going on Petey?"
One of the nurses had to help Peter out of his sweater because he physically couldn't move his arm to get it off. How did he get anything done when he was by himself? Did he force himself through the pain to get dressed and undressed every day? And how difficult did this injury make the simplest tasks for Peter?
He watched from the bathroom door as the girls made their bed and went to sleep. He switched the light off before closing the bathroom door so as not to disturb them. He thought it was kinda fucked that they had to be so grown up tonight, despite their young ages.
Nobody seemed to mind that he didn't talk much, because some days nobody else said a whole lot either. As of right now, he was sat on a small swivelling stool in Tony's lab, having his arm worked on while Steve and Nat watched on, discussing more plans and ideas about the move. He'd been kinda zoned out, but when he finally focused he heard Nat say, "It's gonna be our first Christmas with Peter. We should at least be able to do it somewhere he's comfortable, and that place isn't here."
Nat was kind enough to stay with him through the first sermon he ever remembered attending. She sat next to him calmly while he listened about God's plan for each and every person, each and every day. He wondered if him being kidnapped was somehow all a part of God's plan for him, and then he wondered why God was so cruel to him if it was. Had he done something to anger him? Was he not a good follower?
Nat tilted her head. "You mean... Before?"
Peter did as he was told and reached out with a shaking hand, wrapping his thin fingers around the cold lighter. He pulled it close to himself and held it close to him, waiting to see if the man would tell him what he was meant to do with it.
He was about to kill the bastard that made him an orphan. He was going to kill the man that forced his hands and killed the last of his own blood family. He was going to kill him, and he wasn't going to be sorry. Not for anything, not to anyone. He wouldn't even entertain the idea of being any kind of remorseful. Not for Steve, or Nat, not even for fucking God.
With a shaking breath, Tony turned and stepped to the side out of the doorway. He could see Peter shaking from where he was stood, and he truly didn't want to see the kid suffer. Once Natasha and Bucky passed them and left, he turned to look down at Bruce. "Did you recheck his bloodwork?"
Trying to see through the overwhelming pain, she looked up at him just in time to see the handle coming towards her, and then she was out like a light.
In the next second, Wade decided that he didn't give a fuck what the kid was thinking about. Being with Peter was such an awful fucking idea. The kid was fragile. And Wade was dangerous, always in danger. The people that Wade fucked around with could destroy Peter in an instant, and most of them would never even hesitate.
Wade, rolled his eyes a little and produced the long ass receipt from his back pocket and Peter's jaw dropped once more as he looked at the whopping 2,382 dollar total. And Wade could only laugh.
Tony shushed him, firmly telling the boy that none of what happened was his fault in the slightest. He vowed in front of said boy that he'd do whatever it took to make sure that they caught the bastard that really deserved it, and all Peter could do was nod for a moment.
Tony took that time to ask Friday what the hell happened to set Peter off, and she could only say that Peter made a call to May Parker and seemed to be in visible distress the longer that the call went on. He asked her if she knew what went on during the call, but she confessed that she could only provide what happened on Peter's end of the call. He asked her to play it back, so she did, and Tony could hear the shake in Peter's voice, the desperate begging.
"So, have you thought about what you're going to say to Tony?" Steve asked as he made another cup of coffee.
As if some sort of miracle, he saw her out of the corner of his eye, and she was smiling like always and she looked happy just like she used to. It made him literally sick to his stomach and he had to curl up and hurl into the bucket that'd been placed by his bed.
Peter wanted to protest, but the look Wade gave him was enough to make him shut his mouth before the words even had a chance to escape... But then he got an idea, and it was wild and wicked and he loved the thought. "Well," he slid his hand up Wade's chest, "can I at least show my gratitude?"
Peter was too willing to be hurt in place of another member, and it was a bit scary to think about. Knowing that Peter would rather be hurt than let anyone else be hurt was either heartwarming or heartbreaking. To know that Peter would gladly take a bullet for any member of the team was frightening enough, because how many of them would say the same? How many members of the team would take a bullet for another? Natasha would, as would Steve and Bucky. Sam admits that it wouldn't be the first time, and God knows Clint would do it in a heartbeat.
On the bed he just rolled off of, he saw a healthy looking Aunt May, though by now he knew to just ignore her. He knew that he probably just had some kind of head injury, probably nothing more than a concussion. He'd be fine, eventually.
"Think about how fucking HUGE space is. Peter, the world is so big."
Bucky was all for going back to the old fire-trap, as he called it, but Nat worried what it might mean for Peter to be moved yet again. They spent days deliberating about this move and the effects that it could have on Peter and his well being. They agreed that he'd be much closer to everything he loved, and Queens was barely a half an hour away. They just wanted him to have the chance to be a regular teenager again.
With a shake of his head and a sigh, he kept heading towards his destination. He found himself on one of the streets he'd walked with Peter, and if he remembers correctly, this is where Peter had his panic attack... It's weird to think that was only a few days ago, and so much has already changed. Not just for the two of them, but for everyone.
He watched as the wide-eyed brunette looked down at the man beneath him and let out a breath, slowly lowering his arm. He wiped the bloodied blade on the sleeve of his shirt and returned the knife to its holster as he stood. "Let's go."
Surrounding those trucks? Over three dozen armed men and women clad in bulletproof vests. As if Captain America used guns.
"Normally I wouldn't condone this... But if anything escalates today, I'll take care of it for you. This is your first Christmas with us, and I don't want it to be the last." Bucky stepped into the small room and Peter hugged him. He was so grateful for Bucky as a parental figure, not just because of the way Bucky treated him, but because Bucky'd been treated poorly and he knew how to react to some things better than say, Steve.
"Someone was bound to be hurt anyway, and I'm just glad that it ended up being me and not one of them. They're two valuable members of the team, and like you always say, I'm just a kid." He slid off of the table and put a hand over his stitches. He got close to Tony, just inches away. "If the only thing I can do for this team is take a bullet, then so be it."
Steve looked nice enough, but his biceps were a bit threatening. Peter was pretty sure that one of the girls started to cry because Steve gave them the American Dad Seal of Disapproval™. That's what Ned called that look, and he wasn't exactly wrong.
He desperately tried to make it stop, but with the Soldier in charge, there was nothing he could do and he knew it. All he could do was watch and scream and cry from inside his own mind.
Wade crouched next to the tub and held onto Peter's hand. "I'll explain, but first we gotta get you cleaned up okay? You really did a number on yourself."
Today they're supposed to be traveling back to the place that they live, which makes Peter a little wary because he doesn't remember what it's like there, but he wants to learn. Wanda asks him if he's ready to head down to the kitchen where Bucky is, and he nods. She very carefully helps him into his wheelchair. He asks if she can fly with her powers and she says yes. He tells her that he thinks it would be cool to fly and she uses her powers to wheel him to the kitchen.
Eddie hummed around more candy. "They took it aside, they're keeping it put up. Not cause they don't trust you, I asked them to."
Peter saw that Bucky was tearing up bit he felt a little terrified by that fact... Until Bucky stood and pulled Peter to his feet and enveloped the small boy in a tight hug.
With the way she's taken to Peter, he's taken to putting Peter and Natasha both above himself.
"Wait, so you're both gonna put this blind faith in someone you just met, after someone you've both known for years literally just tried to fucking
He almost didn't want to touch Peter like this. He didn't want his damaged self coming into any kind of contact with Peter's body. Peter was pure, clean, light. He was newer to the world than Wade felt he would ever manage to be again. Wade didn't want to ruin Peter, the way he knew he so easily could.
Peter felt dizzy, and it only worsened as he stood to look for Wade. There were only so many places he could be. He wasn't in the bedroom, Peter hadn't missed him. He wasn't in the bathroom, and he wasn't around the perimeter of the cabin.
There was a moment of silence and then some shuffling. "Keep him outside where it's cold, I'll be there soon."
And Tony, shit, all he did was stare at Nat with a smug grin as he kept forcing Bruce's head back down every time the poor guy came up for air. And Natasha, all she did was stare directly back into Tony's eyes as her cheeks turned as red as her hair, and he thought maybe she was just going to walk right over and beat him within an inch of his life... But she didn't. In fact, she didn't even tell Steve about what she saw.
Rogers nods, his blue, blue eyes wide and his lips peeking into a grin. “I — Yeah, I — Thanks? Uh.”
—————
“You know I can't resist 'em,” Tony shoots back, before dodging out of the car.
Natasha frowns. “Why are we using Tony's code name? Steve's not even here.”
God, he's gorgeous.
Sam Wilson is shoving through the crowds harshly, Natasha Romanoff and Scott Lang by his side. Wilson looks infuriated, in a stormy kind of way that immediately makes people move out of his way. Romanoff is as closed off as she usually is but there's an undercurrent of expression on her face. She's angry. Lang's just pale.
Sam shrugs. “How much do you like facial hair on your partners?”
“Tony, you didn’t — You didn’t do anything wrong,” Steve protests. “I was having a terrible night before I bumped into you on the sidewalk. You sharing the M&M’s…”
Steve laughs. “
“I'm sorry to disappoint, as well,” he says, voice earnest, and all 'aw, shucks', “but you won't be getting the... 'spanky-spanky' from me, either. You will get the other type of hitting, though, if you imply something like that about one of my friends again.”
“I’m — ” Steve stutters out. “No, I just — Where are you going? How long? When are you leaving?”
so — ”
“Did I mention I finally met Barnes? He was really something else, so was Clint Barton. I saw Sam again, too, but — ” Tony finally stops rambling when he notices just how broken Steve's expression is. “Oh my god, Steve, what the hell did I say, I'm so sorry, I'm such an asshole, shit, please don't cry — ”
“Seven months, thirteen days, and 21 hours,” Tony says sourly. Then winces. Bucky rolls his eyes even harder.
It's the worst.
Barnes glares at him. “Shut it, Stark. Why are you even coming here — ”
Hammer smirks. “Even after Tony's awesome prank last year.”
Tony gnaws his lip. “Really? Because while I was showing them the plans for improvements on the fifth elements of the rifles they all seemed to get the face that Anna makes when I show her the plans for my 'bots.”
“Hey,” Tony warns half-heartedly. “Don't you remember the Positive Action crash courses from last year?”
The man takes one glance at Tony before pulling Steve into the house and slamming the door behind him.
“Tony,” he says patiently. “No store in all of Timely is opened right now.”
Steve freezes. Natasha sighs from her position of chopping an apple into slices. Sam winces from his seat where he's devouring a plate of Eggos.
“Of course, sir,” Jarvis replies calmly. Tony slumps, sipping and scrolling through his phone. It has a thin crack in the top right corner.
Peter and the other three men jump in their seats, heads swinging to the voice.
When it hits nine at night and Tony finally realizes it, he laughs.
had to clean it,” Tony murmurs.
Tony’s eyebrows furrow, before he realizes. “Oh. Stupid nickname?”
, if you know what I mean.”
For the following seven hours, there’s a voice screaming in Tony’s ears:
Jarvis arches his eyebrow higher.
Tony's jaw clenches. “The worst usually comes from one of the best.”
Rogers walks over to the girls, standing with them. Carter grips his arm.
Tony grins to himself. This is fun.
“Sexy, too,” Tony winks. She giggles.
Steve untangles himself from the hassle long enough to blink up at them. “What is it?”
Pepper sighs, tucking strands of long, blonde hair behind her ears. “Well, Mr. Stark, we haven't spoken in a while. And — as news travels fast… Maybe we should've been.”
,” Peter exhales, and Tony can tell he's not lying, just not telling the full truth.
He motions to his black eye. “I got into a fight, so what,” he sneers.
His eyes rove down the row, eyeing the comics next to them, when he sets his eyes on a beautiful rendition of an older
Tony purses his lips. “Dad's not going to be able to take me home, huh?”
“So, you gave up on him? Just like that?”
And how much it would if someone else, equally well-known, came out, too.
“Everyone calm down!” Sharon yells. “It’s opening time!”
Tony's lips part but nothing seems to be able to come out.
Steve cuts himself off. His eyes widen. Tony smiles weakly.
Steve grins wickedly. He continues to nuzzle his nose in.
Tony's about to talk but the doorbell rings. Jarvis finishes wiping one section of the counter before disappearing to answer the door.
There's a group of five individuals working for an underground terrorist organization that need to be apprehended before they make it to their destination. In his utility belt, there's five small patches with a hidden needle attached. He needs to apply them to their necks, then haul them safely to the awaiting Quinjet.
Tony blinks, before tapping on it. His eyes bulge at the content of it.
Barnes gags. “Not in front of the cupcakes, assholes!”
He knows that he'll never deserve someone like Steve Rogers.
So, yes, he's tired. But first, he needs to get presents.
Steve's friend, Bucky Barnes, is standing behind Steve, and he does indeed look moody.
Tony almost laughs. He doesn't. “Soccer season ended a while ago.”
“‘Cover blown... Just like your guys’. Has to be Rhodes there, but who else?’” Peter reads sullenly. “What do we do now?”
Sam's smiling, too, now. Damn it.
Tony stares at Jarvis. After a moment, he sniffs, looking away. “He is. Bye, J.”
It's ridiculously adorable considering that he's so
“No! Steve — Steve, that argument can go on for days, okay, so let's just give it up,” Tony says, very responsibly. It makes Steve smile despite... Everything. “Just... What was the second reason? Why you were hesitant?”
As Thor walks in, he tilts his head at Tony. “You’re doing fairly, Stark?”
“And yesterday,” he whispered, “I couldn’t believe it. I couldn’t… At my mom’s office, all of those times we met in the library, Halloween — it was all just teasing me, keeping me going, because yesterday and last night, I got the full Tony Stark experience.” Steve smiles, beautifully and stunning. “And I woke up today, and I stopped denying it. After all this time.”
“Ma doesn't trust us with the gifts in the house, so she keeps them at the neighbor's,” Steve explains.
Rhodey calls him twice but Tony declines the call both times. Rhodey tries again later. Tony declines that one, too. Rhodey tries a lot — Tony ignores him.
Steve gives him an amused glance, his cheeks still a bit pink. “Tony, I hate to break it to you, but this is a bakery. There's not usually a special.”
In retrospect, Sam's definitely right, and this is exactly what Steve signed up for. But it's all so soon. And tomorrow's
Tony arches an eyebrow, and Ty sighs.
Sam immediately directs him away from the couch. “Sharon sleeps on the couch since she's the oldest!”
Tony flushes, looking back at his butler. “Sorry, J. Uh. Steve, this is my butler, Jarvis. Jarvis, this is Steve Rogers, someone I know from school.”
“Hammer, do you have something you wanna say?” Brock Rumlow asks, his nose scrunched up as he squints at something on his own phone.
Steve clears his throat. “You’re right in that assumption. I've got three meddlers. They signed me up for something, and I agreed, but they didn't tell me…”
Tony looks over at Rogers. Rogers doesn't look back.
Hammer glances at him, weary, then clears his throat, and is suddenly back to being very smug and happy. “Have you guys seen what Steve Rogers posted on Instagram?”
Tony blinks at him because that was a lot of talking. Out of Rogers's lips. Out of his — oh, for God's sake.
is a place that protects them. Not even that, because when those sore topics come up, they don't clam up. They just talk. But — well, they've always done that! Too much talking, which led to arguing and mistrust, so…
Steve averts his gaze. “Thought so. Ugh. Sorry.”
Their admittedly terrible basketball team was severely lacking in good players, and Sam was the star, so no one exactly called him
It's a while before they respond. The three smile smugly at each other.
Two months later and Tony's late to another board meeting.
“Yes! Yes, a — a cup of straight black, please,” Tony spits out and
Tony huffs, a tad too affectionately. “
Mr. Stark sends him an exasperated look. “Yes, Mr. Parker?”
The conversation finally turns from Rogers to Rumlow's latest sexual conquests, and Tony marginally relaxes.
Jarvis sighs. “But that shouldn't be true, Sir.”
Tony frowns.
Steve. I mean— It always was, your art has always left me breathless, but with this. This comic art style, you've really… Your talent is heartbreakingly prevalent.”
The other three glare harshly at Bruce. He cowers.
Steve, cheeks still brick red, gives him the smallest but brightest smile Tony's ever received.
Tony nods again. “Bye, Ms. Rogers. Thanks for the phone.”
“You’re lucky that whole stoic thing is hot.”
Dr. Banner snorts, smiling wryly. “Definitely sounds like Steve.”
It outlines the basics of what Howard's been dreaming of since before Tony was even
Jarvis nods.
Rumlow's nostrils flair just a bit, but he gives it a laugh when the other three do. His mom hitched an acting job as some witch on a kids’ show in the late nineties, and ever since Ty found out, the Brock Halloween Joke is used every day this time of year. Considering his mother doesn't even come home during Christmas, Tony knows it hits hard every time. Like his group tends to have, it's one of those funny-to-everyone-except-for-who-it's-about jokes. Ty's personal favorites, he told Tony once.
Tony feels slightly tempted to throw a pillow at where Barnes is jumping next to him, but can’t find the energy to move. Instead, he hears Sharon tackle the boy down, and Barnes getting tortured by, what sounds like, Sharon, Sam, and Natasha. Thor’s snoring continues peacefully vibrating the entire damn room, and, twisting, Tony sees Bruce is standing and stretching, while Scott stares out at the window’s display of snow with childish happiness. Tony’s eyes wander back to directly in front of him, where Steve’s own eyelids are fluttering open. Immediately, Tony gives a sheepish grin; Steve just grins back, with a helpless look in his eyes, before sitting up, stretching his built arms above his head and yawning wide. Flushing, Tony shoves his face back into his pillow.
He throws the rest of the bottle at one of his failed robots in the corner of the room.
Sharon’s scanning the pile. “None of them have the
“Hi,” he greets softly when he reaches the nearly empty parlor.
“Then mine’s called a StarkWatch, right?” Sam cheers loudly. He’s already gotten the watch next to his phone, syncing up. “God, Stark, I could kiss you!”
Tony was thirteen when he first met Steve Rogers outside of school.
Some senior stops at his table. “Hey, Rogers, you want some — ”
Peter grimaces. “I agree that Mr. Stark has always been... Caught up, with Captain Rogers ever since I met him, so I think it's about time we do something about it. That being said — last night I was notified with a list of four people who FlickLove has decidedly paired with Mr. Stark. Compatibility is apparently rated from least at first to the greatest in the end. When I finish reading them out, I thought we could vote on who sounds the best for Mr. Stark. Yeah?”
Standing there is a blonde, six-foot-something block of muscle, with tantalizing pink lips and long eyelashes that make Tony a bit woozy. Around a tiny, narrow waist, a light blue apron is tied tight, and a white shirt stretches across shoulders twice the size of the guy's waist. There's a floppy tuff of blonde hair obscuring the man's eyes a bit, and he flicks it out of the way, blue eyes bright.
Tony blinks. “What the hell are you talking about, Ty?”
“I — ” Steve can really only say one thing. “Yes.”
After a few minutes of them holding tight to each other, and other shoppers starting to go into their aisle before wisely moving to the next one, Tony pulls away.
(See the end of the chapter for
It seems as if merely Carter's voice silences the cafeteria. More than half of the students’ eyes are trained on the table, and Tony resists the urge to face palm.
Tony slams his hand down. “
“And one day 'sweetheart' won't make me agree to anything you say.”
Tony's grinning, Steve can tell. “Really really.”
Tony clears his throat. Sits down. “This is
“Yeah, he was fucking mopin', we tell him we gave you his number, and you don't do a single thing to show any interest in usin' it,” Bucky huffs.
Tony rips it up into tiny pieces, takes it to his workshop, then sets the pieces on fire. His hand gets burned and Jarvis patches him up, wordlessly. Tony feels like he's eight years old again and Jarvis just found out about the robot dog Tony made that ended up exploding. Tony drinks through a bottle of liquor as soon as Jarvis left the room.
When Jarvis leaves the room, Tony kicks his feet up. “So. Miss Potts. What's led you to my humble abode?”
Steve sighs, rubbing his hands up and down Tony's spine. “When was the last time you slept, Tony? When  I got back from the mission this morning you said you had a full night's sleep.”
“So this could all be a joke?” Tony asks plainly. “Okay, I had a
Tony feels worse at the mention of it. His stomach twists.
Tony stares at Steve, as the other boy giggles as DUM-E circles him excitedly. Tony clears his throat. “Suppose not.”
Steve sighs, softly, looking at the ground between them. “I'm — I'm sorry, Tony. I really am. We were talking really great, for a second there, but… I can't — I can't just be friends with you.”
Tony’s cheeks burned red. “I’m going to regret this later,” he states, “but ask Jarvis. He witnessed the slightly embarrassing evolution of my feelings for you.”
“We’re all supposed to be doing something,” Steve says, almost absentmindedly, “that doesn’t take away from our own wonderful, does it?”
He sighs internally before squaring his shoulders. Stark Arms isn't located in Timely, anyways, so at least it's probably not someone he knows.
“You think his group will stay with him this time?” he asks.
“Where's Carol?” Tony pouts, because her face is much better to see this early in the morning rather than Barnes's.
It seems that everyone who comes to the Rogers's home for Christmas is a mess. Tony tries not to be too hopeful that the rest of them will notice he's one, too.
Tony slowly gets up, and edges his way over to them as well.
with you as soon as I could.”
Tony nods. “Tired.”
More or less.
Steve gives him a look. “You want to get them presents. I want to see this mystery place.”
“As spring as a bat,” Jarvis agrees dryly. Tony grinned while Pepper giggled.
Steve's smile turns wicked, his eyelids flying open, and Tony's enamored.
Ty laughs, patting Tony on the back before disappearing into the crowds. Tony finally let's his smirk slip off his face, turning and nearly bumping into someone before they jump away at the last second.
Steve Rogers is whispering hurriedly with Sam Wilson, who's bent in half over his chair, listening raptly. When Rogers's quick moving lips finally pause, Wilson blurts something that makes Rogers's cheeks bloom red. Tony's heart beats faster.
Ty stares at him. “‘Interesting?’ No, Tones, it isn't, this can ruin our reputation!”
“Hi, Philly,” he sing-songs. Coulson doesn't glance up from his clipboard, as he steadily makes his way to them, tapping each student's shoulder.
“We know his name is Steve Rogers,” Howard tells Tony. “We know he's a social reject, a
Ty looks over to Tony. Tony shrugs, but his heart beats ecstatically in his chest.
Shrugging it off, Tony tentatively chooses to sit down on the loveseat next to Banner, who smiles at him. Tony beams back. He could kiss Bruce Banner right now.
Bruce nudges him. “We can't eat anything until the person Sarah assigned to set dessert up takes the first bite.”
Bucky snorts. “Bet.”
Tony tsks. “Can you let
Tony flails a little. “Steve. Rogers. Hi.”
“Then you'll go to school in California,” Howard replies, tone almost amused.
Rhodey sighs. “Do what's best for you, Tones. But first, talk to me, man. Or I'll make Pepper Potts force you to.”
“I love you.”
Tony looks away from Howard. “You can't make — ”
“What did you just say?” Ty asks, incredulously. “No — You know what, I'm just gonna ignore it, Tony, walk over this freak — ”
Tony stays silent as she visibly collects herself.
This is for our military, Anthony, not these no-namers in a red state. You’ll be saving lives.”
Steve’s eyes snap up to him. Tony looks away.
And that makes Bucky stop his huffing and puffing. Sam sighs, looking down, and Clint sets his stuff down before going into the backroom. Tony swallows, dryly.
“Tony,” Steve breathes out, eyes wide.
“I’ve collected the gifts,” Tony declares, “now I just need to pack them up in my red sack.”
“Yes, what?” he asks slowly.
“Mr. Stark?” the same woman from before asks from behind him. “A group of the artists are in the main foyer if you would like to see some of the faces behind these pieces.”
is criminally calm on the exterior, but Peter can just imagine what could be happening on the inside. Mr. Stark yelling and pointing, Mr. Rogers frowning and speaking in a calm tone that's
“This,” Tony whispered as he raised himself on his toes, his hands curling around Steve neck bringing him in for a kiss. He tasted like vanilla cake and strawberries. Steve’s hands wrapped around Tony’s waist and a muffled sound came from the back of his throat.
“That’s,” Tony paused and looked up from the greasy metal and steel. “That’s not a bad idea. But how?” He turned back to look at Rhodey on the screen.
“Yes, but you stood there forever choking on your own words, I thought I might need to call an ambulance.”
“Steve would never do that.” Tony could just
“You went on a business trip on my birthday,” Steve bumped his nose against Tony’s forehead.
He stepped closer to Steve, his left hand cupping his cheek. Stubble.
The sky was a wash of navy and if you squinted hard enough, the lights from the cars and buildings ahead could practically be stars. They started on the same route they used to get there, their disguises slipping a little more carelessly now. Tony stepped closer to Steve, the air suddenly nipping and cold.
“Tony?” Steve asked, his lips curling to the left.
“How so?” Steve asked, his eyes wandering up Tony’s face to the top of his scalp.
It wasn’t necessarily date night, that was Friday, but snuggling up together as a tranquil silence surrounded them was amazing every now and then.
to be a hero, even if you don't see yourself as one. Your intentions and your heart is always in the right place and you don't let others cloud your judgment. You are the best thing that's ever happened to me, and I'm amazed at how long it took me to realize that.”
“You weren’t a blabbering idiot, you were just nervous. It’s just….I knew you were going to ask sometime. I thought I had made it pretty clear to the rest of the team that I was interested in you, I guess you or Rhodey never picked that up.”
From there, the ink messages stopped and Steve was left to process this all. Tony Stark was his soulmate.
“Yeah well, I’m sure you have a different story since I was a blabbering idiot.” Tony kissed Steve’s cheek.
“While he’s in the weight room? Sweaty and probably shirtless?”
“Mmmm, I would but I still feel like he’s going to do it,” Steve said as his eyes drifted from the road to Bucky.
“So how it usually goes then.” Steve joked, his eyes watching the way Tony’s lips curled.
“Yeah,” Steve’s eyes glazed over Tony’s now standing figure. “It’s the fourth of July tomorrow.”
Steve reached behind the couch, Tony unable to see what he was grabbing at. He lifted his body, wordlessly telling Tony to sit up. The blanket was now in the floor but neither seemed to care much.
“You have a meeting tomorrow in London at twelve. We’ll be leaving in a couple hours so start cleaning up and take a shower please?” Pepper gestured to the grease stains on Tony’s face and clothes. She turned to Steve and nodded her head, “and don’t worry Steve. We’ll be back in time for the party.”
Tony couldn’t get to NYC fast enough. He rushed Pepper to finish the meeting early, if you consider just walking out of the meeting rushing, or as she wanted to call it, “being unprofessional”. The private jet was there waiting for them and he totally didn’t tell the pilot to speed there, for safety reasons.
Tony didn’t end up asking throughout their time at the place. He’d find himself the courage for the words, formulate exactly what he was going to say, but before he could say it, the words wouldn’t make the final jump from his tongue to the air. He was convinced his vocal cords hated him.
“When do you come back?” Steve asked, even if he knew it was seven hours. He wanted it to be shorter.
“I don’t know. Knowing him, he might show up to your birthday party inside of a giant cake and pop out wearing a bedazzled suit and ask you to fucking marry him right then and there.”
“It was practically me who asked for you!” Steve smiled.
to tell him how you feel--and soon. The sooner you get your feelings out there, the better it will be for the both of us.” A ruffling noise from the camera, Rhodey was probably moving his laptop or changing sitting positions. “I don’t know how to respond to messages telling me how hot you think he is all the time.”
“Dude,” Bucky repositioned himself in the small seat. “If Tony’s taking too long then maybe you should just ask him yourself.”
“I...I have something to ask of you.”
But he didn’t have that today. No morning companion, no radiating body to share coffees with.
“Well what I just mean is that I think about-”
“I got you a cool birthday present this year,” He said with a little more swagger than he usually had.
He gleamed a smile at Steve and Pepper laughed before turning on her heels and leaving the room. Tony wiped his hands on a clean towel and walked to Steve, his hands still fiddling with the blue fabric.
Naturally, Steve is an early riser, waking up at approximately 5:30 in the morning just before the Sun decides to slip into view and move throughout the tower. He brews coffee, or green tea, and wanders around barefoot, sometimes thinking over the day ahead, sometimes not. He’s on the main floor, no one is awake yet today except for him when he feels something sink in his stomach.
“I like it. You should do that,” Rhodey approved.
“Uh huh, and what time is the party?” Steve raised an eyebrow and carefully watched Tony’s face.
Steve stood up lightning fast and grabbed the closest pen he could, a red one Clint had been using, and added a “?” next to his name. When no response came in the next couple of seconds, he become increasingly startled. Maybe Tony wasn’t his soulmate, or worse, maybe he scared Tony off.
have me, and Bruce, Peter, and Viz, but — but we both know you always have room for a different type of connection than any of us have with you. And I —
It's silent.
“An art gallery,” Tony says slowly, “about comics.”
“But not worrying takes a little trust, doesn't it,” he points out, the same easy grin on his lips.
“Did I forget something?” he asks.
Looking over, Rogers isn't looking up at all or talking, seemingly doodling very concentratedly in his notebook. Wilson, however, is staring right at Tony. He doesn't look very happy.
Mr. Rhodes shrugs. “Means it'll do Tony good, though.”
by them. And then they didn't get off on the right foot, then after that it seemed that Steve couldn't manage to get the right words out, then eventually Steve kind of completely ruined their relationship, and, well — Steve gets an even higher amount of Depressed Thoughts when thinking about his and Object of Steve Rogers's Affections Ever Since 2012’s relationship.
Peter's eyes widen.
and they see that it's fifteen until midnight.
Rumlow shoves Cross away from him, jumping back into the conversation. “Yeah! What's it gonna be this year, Stark?”
Steve finally regains himself. “I thought that you were
Steve smiles brightly at him.
Steve makes a noise of protest but is cut off by Natasha commanding placements. “Next to Tony is Bucky, then me, Sam, Bruce, Thor, and Scott on the loveseat.”
Hammer leans in. “I'm all for it, man.”
Sharon smiles softly at him. “Well, I'm honored, Mr. Stark.”
Steve frowns. “I think... If someone's interested, and I'm interested back, I'd probably shave. Just makes me feel better, y'know?”
Steve's soft smile turns into a goofy grin in less than a second. “Well, I'm glad to hear that.”
Tony's — Tony doesn't know what to say. Most of the time, he can get away from this. Tony's thing is that he talks fast, he throws mixtures of insults in, and it makes people pause and try to keep up, but most of the time they can't, but when they do, one of the others are already jumping on them with brass, idiotic insults. Tony talks fast, throws money, and he watches.
Eventually, Tony glumly lets Steve detach himself from Tony. However, when Steve grins, brightly, at Tony, Tony doesn't regret letting him pull away for a single second.
What the fuck?
Peter sighs. “It could take a while. This is a really fancy, private dating app, believe it or not, and they take their time pairing only compatible people. They also do background searches, but I already sent in a video of Mr. Stark talking about FlickLove, so they know he's actually him. See — He's got a little red check to his name to confirm his celebrity status.”
Jarvis's smile strains a bit. “I'll make sure the receptionist is reminded of your presence.”
“Tony,” he repeats, slowly, and he descends the stairs.
Howard grins. “Right back at you, kid. Now get the hell out.”
Steve shakes his head — consequently, his nose tickles Tony's neck.
Heather groans, pushing him to the wall. As she descends on his neck, Tony's eyes fall to the ceiling. She's giggling into his skin as her tongue moves patternless over it, and Tony tilts his gaze to the side as she starts nibbling his ear. People, the less adventurous, linger on the outskirts of the party, speaking lowly to each other. T'Challa's there, now, talking to someone. Talking to —
Steve looks away, before visibly steeling himself to meet Tony head-on.
While doing so, his gaze falls to a pile of papers that weren't there before. Looking through them, he huffs. Weapons designs. That he made while being drunk.
“Really, Steve, what the hell did I say — ”
Stone appears in the doorway of Tony's last period class. He winks at him, before explaining to the teacher why Tony needs to be excused — something about soccer. They got the Coach's permission, too.
Bucky grunts as well, but he nods in agreement to the terms. Sam, hesitantly, taps the notification.
Tony clenches his jaw, then steels himself. “Peter, if you need someone to talk to, I'm always here, okay, you don't need to go to Rhodey — ”
Tony’s head snaps up, and their eyes meet. An eternity elapses.
Steve's eyebrows raise. “I thought Stark Arms dealt with weapons?”
“And it's a 'he’, by the way,” Rhodey adds after a moment.
“ — is still here, Stark!” Sam calls from the back. “And Barnes, you're not paying yourself to just chat with the customers!”
Tony groans. “Do you seriously read 'what happens if my child comes out to me' articles or something?”
Peter flicks the envelope open.
Pepper stands then. She walks over and presses a kiss to Tony's forehead. Tony leans into the hug she gives him.
“How the hell do you make a sketch look — ”
Rogers is red again. He should get that checked.
Tony barely quells an excited grin, remembering himself, and just laughs. “Don't worry; as long as you weren't watching
“Last night's events either went spectacular or catastrophic,” Vision fills in. Everyone tenses.
The day before school comes back, Tony wakes up with a massive hangover, but he still chugs half a bottle of
That causes them to start an over-the-table brawl, that Tony swiftly moves his tray away from. Ty sends him a look.
Natasha stares. Bucky squints.
Tony finds himself winking sloppily. “Danger’s my middle name.”
Tony gets stuck on Rogers's blue eyes for a long moment. He feels like he's thirteen again, outside of Sarah Rogers's office, with an enormous crush on the skinny blonde kid.
Tony's tentative at first, and he only gently moves his lips against Steve's originally unresponsive ones. But when Steve finally moves his, finding rhythm with Tony's, it's like a dam breaks.
Vision sounds offended. “I beg your pardon?”
The comment has 10 likes, and 13 replies. It was only posted 15 minutes ago. Tony turns his phone off, then throws it at the wall. His mouth waters for a drink.
There's apparently no assigned sleeping order, but, either way, Tony knows his presence is a very new aspect to the holiday, and he has a sinking feeling that he'll be disturbing at least one pairing of usual sleep buddies. So he prompts sleeping on the couch.
Tony cracked one last smile before being pushed out of the kitchen. Where he ends up in the living room, in the heat of a conversation.
They immediately launch into animated details about the app they used, which is called
“Jarvis?”
Tony's eyes snap away from Steve's to the rest of the room. They're all staring at them, eyebrows arched. Tony clears his own throat.
“I am
His back bends in as the others jump onto the both of them in a dog pile. Steve laughs into his neck, and Tony is helpless to do anything but laugh back.
Steve sends him an exasperated look. “No. It made my night a lot better.”
like her, now,” Sam exclaims.
After hanging up, Tony inhales. This is Steve Rogers. This is Steve Rogers' mother. Now, more than ever — he wants to seem likeable.
Steve smiles a bit at that. “I’m actually supposed to be in New York right now? Yeah, but I was uh, feeling a bit under the weather and really couldn't find it in me to even board the plane. But my friend, Bucky, came over here from New York — a complete surprise — so I had to get away and buy a quick present for him.” He motions to the messenger bag that holds something in a box-shape.
To Steve Rogers.
Okay. So he's not the only sad, rich kid here.
“Uh, nothing,” Tony manages to say. One of the man's flawless eyebrows arch. Oh, god. “Anyway — Hi. I'm Tony.”
He likes to meet new people, so what?
“You didn't
Nat and Bucky are at his side in an instant, and the three of them watch as the message drops down.
Things are calming down, but life for Steve and Tony still isn't getting any easier.
Howard's smile slides off his face.
Steve is chucking off his shoes and jacket, motioning for Tony to do the same. Throughout the process, Barnes glares at the back of Tony's head.
Steve gazes at him. Then looks away. “Yeah,” he clears his throat. “Yeah, pretty long.”
“Pep, darling, pudding cup,” he starts. “You know I'd never intentionally be a pain in your ass, so please forgive me, I'll be there in a blink of an eye, seriously!”
Ty leans over. “We need to get started on that prank,” he whispers, very lowly. “Soon Rogers will have half the fucking school convinced that he's normal.”
“You're in your forties,” Happy corrects, cheerfully. Tony sighs.
Tony groans but follows anyways. His date with Rhodey isn't until five, so he can waste a little time.
about you, Tony. Took a while but I know now. God, you're always letting them take over your life, and then you just —
A silence rings after that, as Tony wraps his mind around Steve’s enormous heart. A fruitless effort.
“Sounds good for Stevie,” Bucky admits. “Lemme see the picture.”
It goes like this.
“But, Mr. Stark — ”
Jarvis huffs. “I can barely tell you, sir, but I presume he was attempting to be boxing.”
“Tony, your father and I were planning to throw a farewell party,” his mother explains. “But… after your recent troubles at school, five pre-invited families have declined.”
“Yeah! He brought a stray with him!” Barnes answers, then smirks. “Nat won't let him stay.”
He does. He spends the entirety of the 22nd doing the tests for the few high school courses he needed. They're stupidly easy.
“Muhflergh,” Tony says.
Everyone immediately nods in agreement.
“Hammer,” she says, evenly, yet empowering all the other voices in the area, “if you don't sit down and shut up, I might have to tell Ashley Temple that you've been saying that you're her boyfriend. I'll just have to make sure that I'm a foot away from her to avoid the vomit when I do so.”
“It does matter,” Thor assures suddenly and he's looking at Tony with sincerity and compelling strength. Tony smiles a bit.
Ty finds his words. “Either way, we'll get infected with something,” he shoots. It's a solid insult, but calling Natasha Romanoff a slut? Not Tiberius Stone's best move.
Tony glares at Peter.
Steve groans, and Tony laughs, suddenly so content, so free, and Steve’s head shoots up to just look at him, which he does until Tony’s laughter patters off.
When school's finally over, the only thing on Tony's mind is his promise from Rhodey that they'll watch all the Star Wars movies tonight, even the sequels. It's a promise that Tony holds close to his heart.
It all seems so mute. After Thanos, after the snap…
Right. Whole... Billionaire, genius, celebrity thing. God, and he's supposed to be some suave playboy, Steve must be thinking terrible things about him.
“C’mon, man,” Sam groans. “You're the one who signed up for it!”
(On Snapchat later that night, Natasha Romanoff has a picture of her kissing Barnes's cheek. It's simply captioned: “
Tony's father, back when he still enjoyed creating things other than guns better than last year's guns, had converted the full-floor basement into a workshop, which is the only thing that Tony has happily inherited from him. It's now full of projects that Tony's had to drop at the last second for some reason or another and projects that Howard Stark would roll his eyes at. Including—
Tony tenses before racing to the front of the house.
“Really, the comfort isn't necessary,” Dr. Banner reassures, sarcastically, but he's smiling, and Ms. Romanoff grins a him.
Steve chases after him, and Tony exhales.
Steve sighs softly. “He doesn't want to come?”
Jarvis doesn't react at the name that Tony knows he's heard a million times from Tony himself, and nods respectfully to Steve. “Hello, Mr. Rogers. I hope it was not too much of a bother for you to look after Master Stark in my absence?”
“I — ” Bucky starts to protest, but Natasha sends him a stern, meaningful look. He huffs before nodding in agreement, reluctantly.
“Should you have… Told them before? That I was coming?” Tony asks.
Tony smiles. “Is that your approval of my depraved fraternization with Steve Rogers?”
parking lot, Tony blocks thoughts of Ryan Gosling and Steve Rogers from his head. He conjures up a charming smile, and readies himself for a thirty-minute awkward dinner before leaving the blasted place.
“Tony it’s fine. Remember, the worst thing he can do is just say no and that can be closure enough for you to move on.” Rhodey shrugged and he was right. Tony knew he wasn’t saying he automatically would get rejected, although there was a high probability, he was just reminding him of the realistic worst case scenario. Nothing he said was meant with malicious intent.
“Could I kiss you?”
He sat on the couch and cut his morning exploration short to watch as the sun approached view, the golden glow growing across the sky. He internally wishes himself a happy birthday and sips his drink, closing his eyes in serene melancholy.
“Did I never tell you?” Tony locked eyes with Steve and when he shook his head, Tony smiled.
Whatever the reason, he looked back towards the sky and thought he’d wash it off as soon as he got up. It was only a matter of seconds before his mind was wondering to the “7 hours” and he glanced down only to confuse himself even more. More writing had been added below in those seconds, but this time in black pen. It just said “Steve”. As he studied the ink, lines underneath his name started to appear seemingly out of thin air, leaving Steve stunned. Was it happening? Was Steve getting a soulmate this many years later? Was his soulmate Tony?
“He’s just so
It was a late Thursday night. Tony and Steve sat snug on the couch, a blanket draped over their entangled bodies. The sun was already underneath the horizon line from the view from the large window that sat in front of them, the sky already a pretty fade of navy to yellow to blood red. Streaks of pink.
“Fuck off, she’s great.” Tony huffed. He heard Rhodey laugh on the other end.
“Boring, hence the scribbles. I sat there running numbers in my head while Pepper did all the talking and paying attention.” Tony smirked, eyes running up Steve’s body as he approached him.
“The worst thing he can do is say no and then pick me up and fling me into a wall and break me like a punching bag-” Tony muttered.
“Oh,” Tony waved his hand and sighed, setting down a now greasy towel before registering it was also Steve’s birthday. “Oh! Yeah we’ll definitely be back for that, wouldn’t miss your birthday—big one-zero-zero.”
Tony rolled his eyes, “I can’t believe you. It took a lot for that to even happen!"
What Steve's hand was fumbling with before, was now in the between the two of them. It was a small black box, the outside a soft velvet. Inside a small gold band.
Tony pulled away happy, but completely offended. “You had cake without me?”
They ended up just walking there, the two of them walking fairly close together, although Tony made a conscious effort to put a semi-gap between him and Steve. The streets of New York were just as noisy and as busy as they were during the day, it’s just now the sky is dark. Steve had to sport a new baseball cap, since the one he used before was now recognizable by civilians. Tony pulled on his hoodie.
“Are you okay?” Tony asked, his voice a mix of sincerity and sarcasm. “Are you breaking up with me?”
Tony thought it over for a second, batted different ideas across his mind, when he landed on something he thought would be most appropriate. He pulled himself, in his rolling chair, to the table that held his laptop, like that would make his plan more intimate between him and Rhodey. As he talked, Rhodey nodded his head and looked off to the side like he was trying to imagine it. Tony tapped his fingertips against the metal table when he was done speaking, Rhodey staying silent as he still thought it over.
“How’d it go?” He asked first.
Steve quickly closed the book and, grabbing his other book, stood up, ignoring the stars forming around his line of vision. “Nothing. Listen to Pepper and go take a shower. The sooner you leave, the sooner you can come back and woo me over with your superior birthday gift.”
“Isn’t his birthday coming up?” Rhodey asked.
In the morning, Steve didn’t feel any different. Sure he was turning a hundred years old, but he was still technically only thirty-three. Nothing was entirely off. He went through his normal morning routine, almost.
“Hey,” Tony said bringing Steve’s attention back to him. “I had no control over that.”
“Yeah okay, thanks Rhodes.”
“He would
Tony waved a hand at the screen and unknowingly wiped a grease mark onto his face. “No, if he rejects me I don’t want to ruin his party or anything. I’d end up drinking a year's worth of alcohol and probably make my situation even worse....actually now that I think about it, maybe I won’t tell him. Bad idea Rhodes.”
Rhodey throw his hands up. He snorted but nodded his head in agreement. “Tony, the worst thing he can do is say no and just not talk to you for a day or something. Relax dude. Instead of sitting here arguing with you over whether you should tell him or not, I should be sitting here arguing with you over
Tony almost wanted to kick him but that’d throw the cover off of them and it was entirely too cold for that. So he just smiled and buried his head in Steve’s cotton shirt. “Stop being cheesy.”
Steve tapped sarcastically on the wheel, “not yet. He hasn’t done anything.”
Tony leaned forward, almost forgetting the box was there was it pierced into his ribs, but he didn't care. Steve’s lips were slightly chapped but soft. He smelled like lilacs and happiness and home.
Steve squeezed Tony's torso, his hand messing mindlessly with the fabric at the back of his neck.
Tony didn’t have a soulmate either, he awoke on the 21st birthday to no special ‘pen’ pal, not entirely surprised to say the most. This is what caused the years of reckless playboy depressed adventures that ended up backfiring on him years later. His attitude of just being with as many people as possible to fill the void his mental illness and de-soulmateness had on taken on him was taxing, but he was in a better place now. He was surrounded with the Avengers, the rough band of misfits he loved to call a family ever since that terrifying day in New York in 2012. The PTSD still lingered as well as the alcoholic demon but the man was healing. The Avengers had made sure of that much.
“Then I’ll just stop sending them!”
They were in the lower floors of the party deck, Tony dressed in his suit without the jacket and sleeves rolled up to his forearms, a decision he totally didn’t think about for an hour and a half. Steve felt under dressed just in a t-shirt and jeans but Tony was coming back from a business venture.
“Really?”
“No really, I’ll always remember that night.” Steve stroked the back of Tony’s neck, Tony humming in agreement.
There was only one way to test that theory.
Tony checked the time again, it had only been an hour, the plane ride being seven hours long, but he was starting to see the back of his eyelids. It was midnight NYC time, which was roughly pique party time Tony time, but he let himself drift off and get swept away in the dream realm.
The atmosphere inside was warm. Yellow and orange lights hung from the ceiling, making the place look dark but vintage and Steve was now aware that this, in fact, was a date. A painting of a woman done in black, white, red, and blue was on the main brick wall inside, a dim spotlight centered on it. Small white candles in jars were paired with a flower on each table. The music varied from the classical mariachi music to more modern, slow dancing songs just sung in Spanish.
“Sure,” he smiled.
perfect,” Tony grabbed a silver wrench from the table and dove back into the motorcycle’s guts.
“You're not wrong. My mind was on other things.”
Tony immediately perked up from his work table, “party?”
A waitress led them to a booth in the back, the red seats squeaking. Each of them pulled out their phone and shot a text before settling back to look at each other.
“No!” Rhodey sighed, “that’s not what I meant. I meant that you need to tell him that you like him dude. This isn’t high school, the worst he can do is say no!”
Tony waved his white flag, “yeah okay, what’s your idea?”
Steve sighed, a smile curling around his lips, as he felt a shudder of happiness creep up his spine and spread across his chest. What he felt was love, of this he was sure, but he wouldn’t dare act on it. For now he flirted with and watched Tony from afar, too dazzled to venture further.
Tony peered down at the paper, the attention now being taken off of him. “What have you been drawing?”
Steve shook his head, “He wouldn’t do it on my birthday. Would he?”
“Hmmm?”
“Anything,” Steve said, a gust of air rushing by.
The sound of heels descending stairs and the slide of the glass doors made Steve look up and smile warmly at Pepper, who returned the affection and then turned to Tony. The music stopped and Tony paused his work, looking up at her.
“No,” Steve laughed lightly. “I do.” He looked back at Tony, who twisted his face in confusion. Unable to concentrate, Steve looked up at the ceiling and took a deep breath. What was he going to say? How was he going to say it without blabbering, like an idiot?
His worries melted away when Tony replied back “holy shit”.
“I...That’s not what matters.” Tony smiled and switched his weight onto his back foot. “What matters is that my present is gonna be better than everyone else’s and you should be excited.”
came in.”
won't be able to.”
“Hey.”
He finds himself smiling softly at the cover and, as he makes his way over to it, his eyes raise to see the artist only to meet blue eyes that are already staring into his own.
him and take away the suit and tell MIT that Peter isn't as great of a kid as they think and —
Jarvis clears his throat.
Ty glances at Tony, then at Stephen. He lets out an almost laugh. “Are you kidding? I'm two away from suspension and I'm saving those for Homecoming's broom closet detentions.” He plops in the chair next to Strange, then leans over and messes up Strange's hair. Strange stiffens. “Thanks so much,
Tony suddenly can't seem to continue staring into those azure eyes, so he fidgets with the table cloth. “I think our friends are trying to send us a message.”
Steve looks relieved to move on to a slightly new subject. “Kind of. I really want to pursue painting or commissioned traditional styles of art but… That won't exactly pay the bills when I get older,” he finishes wryly, a twisted smile on his lips.
“Is there any reason as to why I received this hug right now?” Steve asks, smiling wide as he buries his nose deeper into Tony's scent.
He doesn't fall asleep.
“You want designs?” Tony questions, angry and confused. “Talk to me, Howard, do you want a good pitch for California? 'Cause I'm sorry, but I was trying to live out my last days in the place I was born before I started doing
Steve Rogers, if you're reading this, reply with how you feel about someone anonymously sharing this!
Tony spun on his heels.
Tony blinks. “Is there... Is there a reason you wanna see Rhodey?”
It's the second night of break and Jarvis is cleaning the counters. Tony shows him another one. He frowns, disapprovingly.
Tony sighs himself. He's still not certain about this entire thing, but… but they're being so painfully honest when they're saying they want him to be happy, and they're being so earnest and hopeful and…
Natasha perks up. “Ooh, the dating app? Are we attempting to get Steve to date again?”
Tony can't help but smile back. Steve turns that same pink again, then hurriedly turns around and snuggles under the blankets.
Tony can't accept this answer because it's stupid so he pours the chocolates in his other hand, takes the M&M's wrapper, flattens it out, then puts it on the strip of sidewalk between them and drops the M&M's there.
“Hi,” he exhales. Tony, horrifically, finds his own cheeks heating up at that. Now
“Either way would look,” Tony paused, scrunching his nose up, “wonderful.”
He's taking his phone out to try and call an Uber or something when he hears the door quietly open, and:
Tony’s eyes creak open, reluctant and heavy.
Cut the bullshit, man. What's the deal? We both wanted Steve and Tony to be together, now we just have to join our creative spirits and actually get them together.
Rogers is biting his lip. Again. Tony twitches.
. Setting his shield down, Steve presses his thumb to it, and he's abruptly invisible to the world. Secure in his position, Steve waits.
“In a second — I just sent a good one,” he tells them. Dr. Banner and Vision lean in their seats to look over Mr. Rhodes's shoulder. Peter groans.
Rogers spins in his seat, eyes determinedly forward while a good portion of class still snickers away. Tony frowns instantly, despite his attempts to not, because that's the polar opposite of how he thought I-fight-guys-one-hundred-pounds-heavier-than-me Steve Rogers would react. Wilson makes a move up, but Rogers clasps his wrist to keep him down, right when Rumlow walks into the room.
Right before the end of every Monday, Coulson is stationed in the front of the school. One of the three halls that lead to the front of the school is the 500 hall, which is only lockers for the upperclassmen. It doesn't have working cameras. Steve's locker is in the 500 Hall. At the end of the day, every junior and half the seniors will pass through to get to the front of the school or the exits to the bus lines, most stopping to collect things from their lockers.
“Okay, the suspense is killing me, what's up, guys?” Tony urges, taking a sip of his coffee.
Rogers walks out of his class as Tony and the group enter the school again.
at him and treating him like he's damn
It's silent.
They walk and chatter aimlessly, and it's stupid, because with all of their past behind them they shouldn't be able to even look each other in the eye, but —
So they sit there, opening and eating tiny bags of M&M's, until Jarvis picks him up. At least Tony thinks so. He fell asleep before Jarvis arrived.
He isn’t supposed to be here.
Standing primly on a small stage at the front of the room is a line of artists, next to some of their comic covers. Tony only barely contains rolling his eyes at a couple of them that are flaunting their covers of the
Cross leans in. “Is he wearing make-up?”
Tony laughs, loud and spirited. “Steve, when Barnes gave me your number all those months ago, I thought he was pranking me or something. I didn't — I
Tony's smirk wavers, and he can't seem to look away. Not that Rogers is. Enormous blue eyes are staring straight at Tony, and Tony watches, bemused and enamored, as they widen further. Tony straightens just a bit in his seat, and he can't seem to be able to look away, and now Rogers's cheeks are slowly turning pink, and
Rogers blinks. “You like Harry Potter?”
Steve visibly deflates and Sam throws his hands up in the air before disappearing behind the backroom again.
Steve Rogers is stunningly gorgeous.
y'know? It was like five minutes in with T—Object of Steve Rogers's Affections Ever Since 2012 and Steve was already so…
She doesn't react weirdly when he says 'butler' like most people do, but she does frown. “Honey, your dad has got two meetings after the one I was just in. He said so himself.”
) is shocked, whether they’re laughing or not. Tony doesn't laugh. He's supposed to but he can't muster one up this time.
“Well, Mr. Stark,” Peter chimes, “this is where those special
His best friends are still
At one point, Tiberius tells Tony a joke:
Tones?
He's at the front counter, staring at the man before him.
So. He grabs his laptop and starts absently designing a new idea for the coding in one of the scraps of robots he made. A few hours in, Tony looks out the window to see snow pouring down in sheets.
Tony frowns a bit at the questions. He and Steve were obviously never close friends, closer to enemies, so Steve asking him these things instead of ‘Gee, hate to see you go, pal, but my life's about to get a whole lot easier!’ is just a tiny bit odd.
“Oh no, you'll get that when you come back,” Tony mimics. Steve is battling through relief, happiness, and pure rage.
Tony rolls his eyes. “Yeah, of course, J, I'm sixteen, not six.”
and now: :( smitten idiots :(((((((((((
“You know,” Tony says, quietly, “I still don’t quite believe this is real.”
Rogers stares mutely at him. His lips are twitching, though. His lips are very pink. And plump. That's weird. Tony should stop thinking like that. He doesn't really want to.
Rogers's cheeks are a bright, vibrant red as he scrambles to clean up Tony's mess and Tony's chest aches just a little bit more.
Steve's cheeks flush but he laughs loudly.
Paul smiles at Tony. “I second the vote.”
“Yeah. Pretty much. So? This is me asking you if I can stay over at my stranger friend's house, mom.”
Natasha rolls her eyes. “You just wanna know more about her because you're nosy. Go on to the next person, Sam.”
“DAD!” Sam screeches. “HURRY UP!”
, even though everyone else wanted
Tony buys three-foot by six-foot canvas that night.
Silence.
it. You go to that school acting like you're a big shot when none of those people know that the real you would rather be making little
Tony wakes up at seven in the morning on Christmas Eve and he has to run to the bathroom to vomit.
“Yes.”
Tony poked his head up so that is was now within the frame of the laptop’s camera. He set the wrench down and centered his body towards the screen, now completely ignoring the broken motorcycle to the side of him. “I could just tell him now.”
Steve chuckled, “which is?”
The sound of explosions above them started to rip through the sky, both men wincing at first but looking pleasantly surprised.
Tony took a deep breath, “will you go out with me? As in date me. As in be my boyfriend-”
Tony was warm in the face even if it was cold outside. He talked with his hands, which were now moving frantically to the side of him. The big ego and carefree personality he usually had vanished into the night like some metaphorical batman.
“Is it perfect though? I want it to be perfect,” Tony huffed and laced his hands together, resting his forehead on his interlocked fingers.
Steve squeezed his hand lovingly. “No, but the way you did was sweet and I’ll always remember it.”
That made a smile spread to Steve's face. “No, far from that actually.” He looked back to Tony and studied his face, he wanted to remember every expression.
“Hey, I don’t know where everyone else is but I’m hungry and there’s this new mexican place a couple of blocks away. You wanna come with?” Tony tried his best to pull his usual suave and cocky attitude, but it all melted away when Steve just looked at him.
“Well,” Rhodey sat back like he was a supervillain about to unveil his evil master plan. “Knowing you, you’d want to do it somewhere in public. Probably something big and elaborate and expensive.” Tony nodded his head. “Cut that shit. Make it personal, I guess is what I’m trying to say.”
“You should tell him then!” Rhodey said from the other end, doing nothing in particular himself.
Steve glanced down at his paper, “absolutely elated.”
“Dude, all’s I’m saying is that you
“Tony, you are so selfless in everything you do. You make me remember what it truly
Tony stopped designing the weapons, but he didn't stop the drinking.
Tony looks away from her. “You know that they do.”
In his hands is a sketch of a city, presumably New York City, with mute colors shaded in by a skilled hand. The city in the worn book seems to be alive in a way that Tony's never seen in a color-pencil drawing before. The sky is a deafening dark color, seemingly blue and purple, with skyscrapers towering over a road of flying cars, which makes everything seem like it's moving, and Tony feels like that's how Steve must have thought what his city felt like. Tony feels a smile spread over his cheeks.
Sam sighs then. “You're way too much of a complex person now, you've lost all of your flatness. I can't believe I can't hate you anymore. Barnes, you're at the top of the hate list, again.”
, okay.”
“Stevie and I have no secrets between each other,” Bucky says mysteriously, and Steve shrugs when Natasha looks at him for confirmation.
They cheer ecstatically and Tony rolls his eyes affectionately despite… Well,
Tony grins. “But you love me.”
Rumlow's laughing. Stone's laughing. Cross is laughing. Hammer is laughing. Around a third are laughing. There's a lot of cell phones out. There's a lot of unbelieving blinking.
Tony has to follow the rules.
“Tony, he’s
Steve stumbles back.
Tony smiles back. “You, too, Steve. Bye.”
“Pleasant,” Jarvis fills in, tone indescribable. Tony sighs.
Everyone's eyes snap over to the doorway. Tony Stark stands there, in a three-piece suit that's not the one from his date last night. Worryingly, he doesn't even look pleased at the fact that he surprised a group of the most highly trained and skilled people on the planet.
only two reasons I was questioning it. The first being that you're
you had about getting to stay here is gone, Anthony.
Sharon Carter's the type of person someone thinks of for 'Most Likely To Become President'. She's a woman that demands attention by walking in a room silently, one that's charming and flirtatious but you can never get in your bed. She's kind of a god around Marvel High, and no one,
for kids your guys' age. Now is the interrogation over?”
,” he flails, “you can sleep on the couch if you want to!”
But an idea has struck Tony.
It's a lot of training.
Natasha twitches. “Guys, I'm serious when I say I'm not interested in the whole threesome idea.”
Who the hell is this guy, anyway?
even kicked the ball to Sam Wilson, who passed it back, smiling. They're adapting.
turns into another building against the Manhattan streets, Tony thinks this time it could be true.
Tony laughs, playing the video again. “Emphasis on
“Well, that sucks,” Tony says after a moment. “They're probably not going to use it then.”
“Fuck off.” Natasha Romanoff smiles pleasantly. The senior walks away quicker than he arrived.
“Considering that this convention is the beginning of his work at Timely Comics,” Bucky starts, leaning casually against the counter. “A lot more, I'm thinkin'.” Tony deflates.
“And whenever I imagined this,” Tony added, looking up, “I always imagined I’d be the one leaning down.”
, what the hell—
Howard throws a card at him. “Call this number. Get all the tests done by New Year's.”
Tony's really tired. And feeling indifferent is better than feeling anything else. Anything else always hurts.
Right before the school day ends, he sees Carter and Pepper Potts talking fervently. He quickly looked away. He doesn't care much for seeing people talking about him.
A bullet flies underneath the dumpster, and Steve dodges it but the phone is shot out of his palm. Steve blinks.
Sharon Carter's casually leaning against the entryway to the living room. She's staring at Tony with an arched eyebrow.
Rogers shakes his head. “Another thing Sober Stark wouldn't want. Sorry, Drunk Stark.”
me!” Steve protests. “I signed up for the dating app, not for
“Hey, Howard,” he calls. “You looking for me?”
Sam sighs, shaking his head. “Anyway, Ella enrolled in NROTC and went through the program while she got her master's degree in mechanical engineering in four years flat. Once she got out, she immediately was a ground Marine where she worked her way up to Captain before she was honorably discharged because of injury. She's got a heart problem.” Sam pauses.
Steve's lips move like a dance, and Tony's never been very rhythmic, but his lips find that they can tango with Steve's anyway. It starts slow and soft — a clash to their starting meeting — and Tony feels himself melt into Steve's waiting embrace. It's stupid, honestly — but it feels like coming home.
Tony nods slowly. “Okay... Okay, uh. FRIDAY, where's Rhodey, right now?”
Tony gives a little, weak smile. “You’ve got five minutes. No, I'm kidding, just tell me, Rogers.”
Tony hums. “Yeah, yeah...”
“You suck,” Steve pouts. Banner nods him over, and Tony squishes into the arm of the couch. He smiles at Steve, helplessly. He hopes it's not too dorky.
“Look,” Bucky interrupts. “He texted back.”
Tony glances at Steve once before looking back at the road. Steve's cheeks are pinker than they were before. Tony thinks his own are, too.
aw little Stevie misses me & Brooklyn
Tony sighs. “I… Fine, okay, I wanted it to be a surprise, but whatever. I'm — I'm gonna get some gifts really quick, okay?”
Steve nods. “Sure, yeah, of course.”
Sam smiles, warmly. “Of course, Cap.”
Steve laughs softly. “Because you haven't slept in over 48 hours, you're delirious, and this seems very spur of the moment.”
Tony stays still for approximately ten minutes after Jarvis leaves before he promptly starts buzzing. A passing man gives him the side-eye, so Tony sticks his tongue out at him. The man walks more quickly away.
Fuck it, he's leaving in a week, he's gonna leave the longest lasting impression he can.
“Shove me away if I'm reading this wrong,” Tony murmurs.
And promptly gets the air knocked out of him.
show up late, we need to keep our promise to — We need to show that we’re honorable people, who show up on time, and don't get cold feet about vital decisions for the team and the continuation of peace on — ”
That rings a bell.
“Submit it,” Steve tells him.
Steve's face sobers up. Tony mentally groans — Steve's been trying this whole
He leans a bit forward, head twisted to the two. He smiles, harmlessly, but speaks loudly — speaks quick and with clear intent — he has to make everyone aware that he isn't being friendly, but he also has to make sure he doesn't get too much of a rise out of Romanoff and provoke a reaction like Hammer got.
“I'm not crying,” insists Steve, while his voice cracks. Tony is in front of him in an instant, hands hovering above his arms, aching to touch but careful of Steve's boundaries.
Sam's cheeks heat up.
“I know you didn't want to stop talking to me,” Pepper's voice cracked. “I know
“Even with all those muscles, sissies need bodyguards,” Hammer reiterates, chortling at his own joke. Cross squints at Rogers.
“The third match is a woman named Mariah Gonzalez, aged forty-three, who lives in Manhattan, New York City. She's founded twelve orphanages throughout Mexico, seven homeless shelters throughout the southern American border, and five help centers of some kind throughout the east coast. In a span of only
And tense. Tony briefly recalls the last time he was at
Ty's always quick to act out more when Tony is — when Rumlow tells the table about Tony's act in English, Ty ends up starting a soccer match right in the middle of the cafeteria. Ultimately, he gets detention for it but everyone's cheering as he leaves the cafeteria, and he winks at Tony before Coulson sends Ty a warning look. The cafeteria was buzzing with excitement, and it's almost weird, because it's the first time in a while that the reasoning behind so isn't because of Steve Rogers, even though Rogers and his group were as loud as they always were — meaning Lang was still somehow making a show of eating everything on his tray.
“What were the questions?” he insists.
But god, is this man easy on the eyes.
And all Bucky Barnes does is throw a piece of pepperoni at him while making a loud noise of agreement. Romanoff thunks her head on his thigh to make him quiet.
He shuts the lights off, and everyone settles deep under the blankets. Tony has a bit of a reflection.
But. Y'know.
“Are you going to eat, sir?”
it's pretty late, but i thought i'd just publish this right now :') sorry for the waitt
“We're here,” Dr. Banner smiles nervously.
, Anthony. Now, I know you haven't contributed in the past because you don't like rednecks going trigger-happy with your designs, but this is
“An organized mess,” Tony corrects, grinning. “Wanna take the apple pie here, Miss Romanoff?”
“I’ve been… Very, very stupid for these first sixteen years of my life. Basically. And. Well, now's a great time to stop that? So, Steve. I'm so sorry. Words will never be enough, I know that, but.” Tony lets out a frustrated noise. “I — Okay, look, you're really… Amazing. That — That sounds weird, I know, god, but. You are. Amazing, that is. You're very uh, inspirational? Admirable? And right now you're very red, too. I was thinking that you should get that checked, by the way. Anyway, I don't want to leave Timely with you thinking that — that I thought you were some disgusting person or whatever, because I really don't, I think you're
(See the end of the chapter for
He is instead making an expression of the phrase, 'aw, shucks’. “I wish I could help you, but I don't currently have a car.”
Tony wipes his eyes quickly, then says, “You’re making this really hard, you know?”
“We’re home,” Tony tells him, quietly. Steve just gives a short nod, blinking awake.
Steve gnaws his lip. “People will be going in and out, but it's gonna be a full house most of the time, so. If you'd like to… come, I mean. You're welcome to.”
The room gets quiet. Tony thinks he's missing out on some type of secret language. Steve groans abruptly.
Tony, smiling wide, ducks back into the coffee machine, humming and laughing at all the appropriate places and feeling warmth settle in his chest as Steve continues to blabber on.
Bucky curses him and Sam's jaw clenches. “Don't play cute, Stark. We thought... You're not welcome around here anymore.”
If being an Avenger counts these guys in, then maybe Peter
“So? I know for a fact that we all have nothing to do, so let's get this thing started.”
“First, dinner,” she insists. “Some pizzas are coming in. And save at least five slices for me and Paul,
“Are,” Rhodey shoots, then groans. “God, we're older than forty-year-old men and we're acting like children.”
Tony swallows.
“Hell, yeah,” Rumlow agrees vehemently. The other three brighten at the idea.
Tony studies the side of Rogers's face. Steve steadily stares ahead.
“How much more is he going to be gone?” Tony presses.
Then Rogers turns on him, determination etched into his features. “But you should really be getting home. It could be dangerous out here.”
Tony finds
Nat purses her lips. “Don’t say it.”
Tony grabs his stuff, tossing the money needed on the counter and exits the building, throwing the coffee away before he even takes a sip because he knows, compared to Steve's, it's gonna taste like shit.
Sam nudges her with his foot as she walks by. “Don't say the name!”
Tony clears his throat. “I haven’t, however, chosen your gift.” He smiles softly. “Though I think I see one thing that you’ve favored.”
magazine and is one of the most anticipated stories in each issue because of his recklessness. Red checkmark included,
Do you accept or reject his Flicked Love?
, I'm red, thanks for pointing that out — ”
Steve looks very sulky. Tony tries not to feel disappointed, knowing that he deserves the reaction.
Staring at her phone as she walks in, Romanoff announces, “Sharon says she'll be here in about half an hour or so, so we can start the movies. She also said that I get the first pick.”
“Colonel Rhodes is currently in the common room, attempting to beat Doctor Banner at chess.”
, so we have to be completely ready for Rogers on Saturday — ”
Tony reels back. “Great on you, then. We're moving, it doesn't matter — ”
Steve waves, a shy thing that makes Tony almost swoon, and DUM-E extends its arm hesitantly. Steve touches its claw lightly before a grin lit up his face and DUM-E chirped louder. They shook hands.
It's quiet for an excruciating long time, before Steve sighs. He then looks to Stark, who nods in confirmation. Sam feels like he's back in grade school when his teacher and his mother would stare him down while they'd telepathically negotiate his sentence for the classroom crimes he committed.
Tony feels dread rising in him. Rogers cannot do that, Tony won't allow him to, hell, no — If he sleeps in one of those rooms, someone will approach him, try to get in his pants, and somewhere very distantly a more sober Tony wonders why this is at all Tony's problem, but drunk Tony is telling that Tony to shut the hell up, and is already talking out loud.
Steve's chest shakes with silent laughter. He complies, draping his arms around Tony's shoulders and shoving his head into the pile of brown hair in front of him.
Tony's a few seconds away from just standing and wandering around, when the door to his father's office opens.
Steve blinks owlishly at him.
“He kind of did something… Ridiculously brave and socially suicidal,” Tony admits. “And he's just very… frustrating.”
“Steve, you should go inside, it’s cold. Jarvis is already on his way to pick me up — ”
Rogers pauses. Carter stiffens like a bowstring. Romanoff looks at Rogers.
“Why don't you stop worrying about how he fits them, and think about how
“Howard, let go of our son,” she directs sharply.
“Rogers,” Tony exhales. He gives another wide grin. “Hi.”
Tony tenses but Rogers intervenes. “No, you don't.”
“No offense, boss, but I told you not to go home with that blonde,” Happy teases, pulling to the side of the road in front of a niche little bakery that reads
“Said that out loud, Stevie,” Bucky says as he enters the room. Steve frowns harder, eyebrows furrowing, as Sam groans.
Tony arches a brow. She's not from Timely, definitely, so that means she's most likely from a surrounding city. Tony's crossing his fingers for the one he's currently in — that'd be best for the rumors surrounding him.
Sam looks at his watch.
Steve's cheeks turn even darker. Tony sighs wistfully.
Tony looks down at the present in surprise, before looking back up at Sarah and Paul. They pointedly Don’t Look at him, and he grins widely.
Tony frowns. “How do you even remember that story?”
He watched as the head disappeared against Eddie's skin and saw the man pull a cell phone from his pocket. "Guard this with your life, Peter. Once you know what's on it, you'll know when you need to use it. Use it too early, and you could get yourself killed. Call me as soon as you turn it over."
"Then prove that you know how to follow orders, Parker. Pick up the lighter." The man leaned on the table, waiting.
Once he's reached the bottom, he finally looks up at Wade. He's patiently waiting for the boy's reaction, though he worries when he sees said boy's lip quivering.
Dating was impractical, especially in their line of work. They'd always be in danger, someone would always be trying to kill them. They'd always be used as leverage over each other... And Peter can die. Wade can't, but Peter can, in fact, be killed. He could be shot, or stabbed or beaten with a crowbar and blown up or get a fatal disease and it'd kill him.
Wade kept his hips slow, even when Peter started begging him to go faster. Wade shook his head and kissed along Peter's jaw.
And Bucky, poor guy, just turns to look at Peter. "Who in the fuck is this guy?"
Inside of the frame were three people, an older sickly looking woman, a smaller wiry-looking man, and a darker man that made something click in his brain. He was looking at a lost memory, his old self staring back into him with eyes that could no longer be recognized as human. In the glass, he could see the reflection of himself, and now he was something he couldn't stand. His hair reached his shoulders, his jaw was set in stone.
Peter settled for a simple wedding cake flavor but Wade got an ungodly mix of coconut and watermelon and pineapple. Wade insists that if Peter winced any harder, he'd break something.
Bucky's metal arm was missing, severed just beneath the shoulder. His head was turned to the side, but something about it looked wrong, unnatural. Something inside of Peter's mind told him that it was broken, but he chose to look away instead of admit that maybe it was.
I'm so sorry everyone, I could have sworn I updated before! I feel so bad for missing days...
He needed to get information, and he knew just who to ask.
Peter felt like his life was so fucked right now. A baby? He was carrying a fucking baby in a country he'd never been to, surrounded by people that he didn't know, and-
Peter was dead asleep, curled up in the smallest ball he could manage to contort himself into. One of his earbuds fell out, so Bucky carefully replaced it. He knew that Peter couldn't sleep without some kind of noise, and Bucky didn't make enough noise on his own to replace Peter's music in the slightest.
(Christmas Special part 5)
Maybe someone else was all behind it and they were using Wade as a pawn in their game. Peter didn't want to play the game anymore, but they needed to find the king and deliver the ultimate checkmate. He didn't know what it would take to do so, but he'd be willing to help the only way he knew how.
"So what happened to Bruce? Did he die?"
Peter hesitated, saying he remembered a woman named after a month, June or something. He says he thinks that's her name, but it feels wrong on his tongue. Wade gently offers May as a substitute and suddenly it's like a bright flashing neon sign in Peter's head that
He put the food away and, figuring that Peter wouldn't take a real break to eat, settled for bringing him a snack. He crouched down next to Peter's chair and a moment later, the younger lad was looking down at him. Wade gave him a soft smile and offered him a package of pop-tarts.
Bucky followed Friday's directions to the letter, slowing his bike down as he approached the place that Peter was supposed to be in. He stopped the bike. Friday insisted that this was where the signal was coming from.
"You're right, Peter. I'm not real. Not anymore... But whose fault is that?" She laughed.
wow it's literally taken me forever to update oops. I promise I didn't forget you!
He was trying an experiment. He thought maybe sleeping elsewhere might help him sleep better.
"He's a child Tony, it's not right for you to keep him isolated down here, you know what that could do to him. You know what it did to you." Natasha snapped. It wasn't often she bothered to badmouth Tony Stark to his face, but this was her little boy they were talking about. The only son she'd ever known, and the only child she'd ever let herself care for.
"Shh, I know baby, come on."
The first time Peter sees Wade after the New Years, things go South.
"You know, Stevie... When this is finally over... I'm really lookin' forward to marryin' you."
And with that, they left, not looking back once, and smiling at everyone as they passed. And Bucky's only coherent thought as he watched them go was,
He sat down in a chair in the corner of the room and started reading one of the old paperbacks from the basket by the door. The letters were fading and the paper was turning a yellow color, but it was still legible. This was the first book he'd read in a long time, but he'd read this one before, and somehow he still remembered bits and pieces of it, in the same way, he remembered bits and pieces of himself.
Nobody knew the extent of Peter's nightmares. Nobody knew what he saw when he slept. Nobody even realized that Peter had nightmares to begin with. Not at first.
"As for the missing makeup, I don't know much about makeup, do you know a lot?"
Wade pulled out slowly and gently pressed Peter's first plug into him instead. Peter blushed, knowing that it was inside of him now. They'd talked about it before, and Wade delivered because nothing was too good for his baby boy. Especially nothing like this plug, adorned with a pretty red jewel on the end. Wade helped Peter back into his clothes and caressed him and cuddled him and kissed him as much and as gently as he could. Peter looked so blissed out it was almost comical.
God, if Peter ever found out about this, he'd kill Wade for sure... 'That's why he's not ever going to find out, idiot.' One of the voices said. The other just laughed, well, at least he thought it was laughter. 'He's never going to find out. He trusts you, Wade, and that was his mistake. I can't believe he didn't think you'd betray him, after all, you are the bad guy here.'
