“I told you, I’m not a captain anymore. And I’m done with the Army too,” he hits back, trying to ignore the fact that his current occupation is known to the other.
. What better way to start a double shift day than a dead mouse left right by your nose? That was a rhetorical question, by the way.
, Steve wonders to himself, although he doesn’t dare saying it out loud. Instead he stays there, silent, and Tony wishes he would leave already but he doesn’t, it’s like he’s paralyzed, so he just ignores him (or
teams at least, plus a few reserves was someone to, y’know, die, disappear or get hurt, and our planet is now known throughout the whole galaxy as the one whose team defeated the Mad Titan
the food out there is. Although he had made sure that his suit would be stored with enough resources to ensure his survival for at least a month, he pretty soon realizes that the planets he visits not only have indeed plenty of terrestrial items on their menus, but also provide English descriptions for the local foods, so that he get to try all sorts of new flavors. As weeks turn into months, he pushes his armor farther and farther, his hunger for learning new things – most of them incomprehensible to his human mind – grows deeper and deeper, his thoughts about Earth and the life he knew progressively get lost in the recesses of his mind.
For his part, Tony is still negatively amazed by what his ears have just heard. Marriage. Like if that was something that people still valued nowadays, and not just a decision taken on the spur of a moment and regretted for years afterwards.
to comment on the sight right in front of him, and not just because almost three years have gone by since he last saw this face. It’s Steve, except not really.
“It doesn’t make any sense!” he exclaims then, his tone so hard and edgy that it could cut a paper in two.
But before he can go there, Steve squeezes his hand tight and overlaps with his voice: “It doesn’t matter, because I feel the same way, and have been for quite a while now too. I can tell that you meant it, so I won’t
“You’re safe now,” comes the laconic reply, and before he can object to that, the man continues: “We have a few urgent questions, if you don’t m–“
their kisses – but no matter how hard he tries, his thoughts end up circling back to the government, and politics, and the giant mess that has been happening in the last six months, for what he was told. And punctual as ever, the usual guilt surfaces in him with its million dollars question: could I have stopped it if I had been here? Of course, not as Iron Man, but as Tony Stark, with money, and pressure, and deals, because that’s what the world always wants, isn’t it? The magic words that make everything and everyone – even the most absurd idea – seem like perfectly plausible, just because
“My treat, handsome,” the stranger offers, and Steve hates it but doesn’t say no because one drink has never done any harm, right?
he can even see him; reminding himself that he’s here on official business, Tony stands up and stretches his hand forward to shake with Clint’s, Nat’s and Sam’s who, after a moment of indecision, all reciprocate the gesture. But, pleasantries aside, the air is tense and awkward, making him feel like a stranger in his own house; he shoots a glance to Rhodey, who promptly steps in.
. Once they’re back home, Steve would usually cook something up, never failing to steal a compliment (or two) from Tony, who admittedly never got anywhere near stoves and pans in his life. When Steve is at work, he goes down to the SHIELD lab, to tinker on his suit and catch up on the progress mechanics and engineering have made in the last seven decades. In just ten days, his new Iron
He shuffles in his seat, a tad more uncomfortable than a second ago. “See, the rings, they are believed to have magical proprieties, the extent of which we do not know. Now, the re—“
It’s a fair point, and Steve can’t help but nodding. His restless eyes shift again towards Anthony, making him sigh again. He hopes he’s going to live. He
be happening if he wants the plan to work, it’s already hard as it is. He finishes his beer in one long sip, keeping telling himself that he
“I will find a way to bring you back, I swear…” Steve mumbles, and although Tony doesn’t think that’s possible, he doesn’t have the heart or the will to crash both of their hopes. After all, weirder things have happened to them in the past, so who’s to say this is out of their reach?
Fury seems to think this over for a few seconds, but when he speaks again it’s only to deliver yet another empty promise: “Let’s wait until the end of the summer and see how it goes, alright? We’ll touch bases again in September/October and we’ll take it from there.”
“Let’s go back to you talking about the Avengers, shall we?” he says instead, looking intently at him until their eyes meet. “Your date is listening to you, they’re engrossed and take your hand. You
He sighs deeply, closing the bathroom door behind himself, and studies his surrounding to spot Steve, eventually finding him sitting on the stairs right in front of the door.
the other is holding his breath now, as he’s seen him approaching, and Steve doesn’t understand why, although it scares him a little. His hands close around the cold bars and he sighs deeply with his gaze on the ground, Tony’s scent catching his nostrils and sending familiar vibes throughout his whole body, a peculiar effect that only happens with
“I don’t dance,” he replies, heart already beating faster than normal at the idea. He’s only danced with two partners in his whole life, and he’s not about to add a third to the mix,
“Steve?” he says tentatively, and when there’s no reply his instincts click in and make him jump out of the bed to hurry to the door. He unlocks it and starts screaming, a desperate howl echoing in the empty hallway: “Help! Someone help!”
Steve stares at him silent for a couple of seconds, and the look in his eyes tells Tony that he probably
“I do not understand…” Thor speaks everybody’s mind a couple of minutes later, once the rest of the group emerges from the water.
He should be surprised that Steve has kept track of how long he’s been gone, but truth be told, it’s nice to know that the thought of him had stayed into the other’s mind: it makes him feel
“Yeah, pretty much…” he agrees, suddenly feeling as tired as ever and needing a cup of coffee. “How are things around here anyway?”
“When did you stop loving me, then? I think I deserve to know as much,” he eventually says, and this time his own voice scares him, because it speaks of a painful acknowledgment of the new, impossible reality.
“Expect a call from your bestie, General Ross. He’s real mad at me so chances are he’ll go easy on you. Take care of yourself, Rogers. Take care of the Avengers.”
His efforts hold up until their food is served. By the way Steve stares at the rice rolls, it seems like he had forgotten for a moment what was coming for him, too absorbed by the discussion about his favorite sport.
, Tony. And neither do you, because we’ve never done this,” the other replies, and there’s an edge in his voice that he believes he has never heard before. He can feel his glance on him so he opens his eyes to find his, almost immediately, staring at him as if it was the first time Steve was actually
“Was about to wake you up, but it seems you beat me to it. We’re here.” Steve explains before pulling away from him. And again Tony has to fight the impulse of keeping the other close. What the hell is up with him? Why can’t he keep himself in check all of a sudden?
is requesting a $5,000 in cash and I’ve been trying to explain to him since this morning that his account only holds $500, and there’s n—“
His phone rings once again. It has barely stopped since this morning, and it’s only 11am. This is going to be a hell of a long day.
He looks at the other, trying to see if his words make sense to him, but Steve has stopped paying attention when Tony went for the kiss, not really hearing whatever he’s said afterwards. It was unexpected, he honestly didn’t think his friend would even
“What are you t—“ Tony starts, but stops the moment his eyes discover the answer to his question. Steve is holding flowers. Roses, to be precise. And not just any kind. They’re the Kazanlashka Rosa variety. Aka, what’s widely recognized as Bulgaria’s national flower. He’s stunned. “... oh.”
somehow. ‘I’m sorry’ would be the first one obviously, because that’s always how you’re supposed to start, right? And don’t get him wrong, he
It’s not just anger that fuels his words now, it’s also pain and an enormous sense of loss. Usually not one prone to tears, he can now feel them creeping up just behind his irises, which only makes everything even worse for him.
for a physical contact to let them out in that moment. But he has had plenty of time to think about it all during the last three months, and now he just can’t wait to be alone with him, to spit them all out, raw and emotional as they might come.
, well I’m sorry to say you ain’t getting it. Now, if you don’t mind…” Steve then adds, gesturing towards the door, still open.
The guy – Steve – seems to mull over his questions, and Tony can feel his inner struggle quite clearly, almost recognizing it as his own whenever he’s trying to decide whether disobeying his father’s commands or not.
“Do you need to check in with your chickens and cows – do you have cows? – for the day, or are you pretty much free?”
He’s almost jogging now, and to an outsider the scene would seem comical to say the least: a guy in an armored suit carrying five heavy boxes in one hand while walking so fast he could be a marathoner.
“How is this low key, exactly?” Steve yells over the helicopter noise, and Tony realizes just now that he has absolutely no idea of what to do or how to greet him. A hug? A handshake? Both?
But before Steve can find that out, a nurse the size of a footballer enters the room, her eyes dilated with indignation and incredulity.
, and that makes for such a great change that nobody wants to spend a single minute questioning it for fear it could just as easily disappear. Not that it bothers Tony in the slightest, he’s used to it by now and to be fair, people not noticing when he’s not in the attendance gives him some degree of freedom and choice that he wouldn’t otherwise have. Still, he probably should stop and get a move, because even though he could decide not to show up to any of those parties, one thing that he does indeed want is to spend Christmas Day somewhere that is not
under his fingers. Tony looks down at it and he’s stunned as seeing the other’s face drawn on the surface, along with a phone number. He meets the azure eyes, asking a silent question that Steve nevertheless gets. “I did it before starting to sketch you. I figured just in case you… you know, wanted to remember me or whatever, since we don’t know what is going to happen with… well,
“I’ll be in touch…” he glosses over, and without further ado he waves a hand and quickly gains access to the front door, leaving Steve at loss of words in his own living room.
He chuckles lightly, and it’s a contagious sound because Steve joins in, a bit flustered on his cheeks, not even trying to deny it because he knows when to admit defeat.
. I’m glad it’s gone, it took every bit of self-control to not say anything about it.” Tony confesses, raising his eyebrows before taking another sip of tea. He makes a face: “Please, tell me you didn’t actually make it yourself.”
Steve looks at him now, not sure whether his question is serious or he’s just about to make a fool of himself once again – with Tony is always a very close call. He stays silent a while, but eventually spells it out, because he just can’t come up with an alternative line.
“Everything hurts…” he can’t help but being honest, and he hates himself for it. It’s like the words came out of his mouth without his consent. Steve frowns, and his eyes betray a look of fear Tony had never seen before. And that scares him more than anything else. “I… don’t know why I said that.” he mumbles in an apologetic tone that he himself doesn’t recognize.
“Nah, I was just…” he begins, but then stops and shakes his head, realizing he doesn’t know how to put those sentiments into spoken words. “Never mind, it was just a random thought. Please, go ahead, it was fascinating.”
“Fuck…” he mutters beneath his breath, steadying himself and stretching blindly a hand on the side to put a light on. “How… How are you
He stands up, gives a long yawn, stretches his back and arms, trying to regain control over his body. “Okay, I’m good. Let’s go,” he nods, about to leave the aircraft when he remembers something. He stops, holds a finger up as to excuse himself and then heads towards the back of the jet, knowing that Steve is following him.
Although the news should change his schedule, it really doesn’t, not just because today is marked as an off day, but because even under normal circumstances nothing could ever get in the way of his coming here, first thing in the morning and last thing at dawn. It’s what takes the precedence, no matter what. Aliens? Super-villains? Terrorists? For an hour before 10am and after 4pm they’re someone else’s problem, a written condition of him taking up his role again. Nobody was crazy enough to contest that.
He doesn’t know how long this moment lasts – could be a second or maybe a minute, he just can’t tell for sure – but eventually he manages to snap out of it, and clearing his throat, he adds: “Not good, Rogers, it’s just a second date, save that word for like... a month in.”
Steve shakes his head, but a little smile creeps up on his lips nevertheless: “Well, thanks for the ride, I guess…”
Here he is now, wearing the same clothes that have been on him for the last sixteen hours, although judging by the way they fall on him – so perfectly fitting, with very few visible wrinkles – you would never guess that. His hair, slightly long and slightly messy, gives him that extra detail on a look that speaks only about half of his personality – the super smart one – leaving the part about him being a very successful Latin lover out of the picture, because that is a luxury that belongs back to a world where the brutality and craziness of Nazism didn’t exist. In the frantic days that followed the beginning of the conflict in Europe, while everyone else was eagerly trying to ignore it, he had immediately started observing it as attentively as possible, knowing all too well that it would only be a matter of time until it expanded to the rest of the world. So when Pearl Harbor happened, Tony was ready with a strategy (and equipment) for when the US would join in. Which, of course, they did in a matter of time.
, even down to the exact date. It’s been ten years, and still a day doesn’t go by without him thinking about that moment. Nothing has really been the same since then, and it doesn’t help that every single time he tries to make things better, it all ends up backfiring in his face, to the point that now it doesn’t really register as a surprise that most (if not all) of his teammates strongly dislike him. The worst part is, he wouldn’t even care
, leaving the other to fend for himself. Leaning against the walls, almost falling a couple of times, he manages to reach his destination in just short of five minutes, and, slightly out of breath, he knocks feebly on the door, hoping the other is indeed in – and all in one piece. But sixty seconds go by, and nothing happens. As a slight note of panic spreads into his chest, Tony gives another knock, trying to put more force into it, and this time he hears the other’s voice, much to his relief.
He’s about to reply something witty and sarcastic to try and make Steve smile again – that same expression that he had on his face just half an hour ago – but before he can think of anything they hear a loud, metallic roar, announcing the upcoming helicopter.
, and that’s why he closes the gap between the two of them and slowly nods as he leans in for another kiss, whispering softly on Steve’s lips: “Yes, I would love to be yours.”
” comes the reply, quick and sharp, that seems to surprise the guy himself, his glance moving to a not better specified point behind Tony’s body.
From his side, Tony can sense his self-control beginning to desert him, the impulse of pulling the other man to him growing stronger by the second, so he forces himself to go back to the couch, because this
But before the other can answer, the room becomes dark all at once as his body follows his suit down the same path of exhaustion.
“Good luck with that,” Tony giggles, although ignoring the reason why that’s so funny to him, “Something tells me Fury is not gonna be too happy about our idea, last thing he’ll want to do is doing you any favors.”
“T-Tony, you… you died. In my arms…” the words are mixed with tears and pain and they make both hearts groan and ache in unison.
“Do you think… this could ever happen? Us dancing together in a room full of people, nobody caring it is two men?” he says eventually, surprising even himself although he has often wondered about it.
Little by little he manages to open his eyes, and although his sight is blurred at first, he manages to make out Steve’s physiognomy enough to know that he wasn’t just
This is a lie - he knows Tony has been avoiding him, although he can’t quite understand why - yet he’s actually doubtful that the other would have found his new hobby any fascinating.
But judging by the look on Quill’s face he isn’t kidding at all. He knows it shouldn’t matter – wasn’t the purpose of this finding himself, having time away from everything and everyone? – but still he can’t deny that it feels…
“I don’t exactly have one, Rhodey. I just need to get away for a while.” Tony replies after a few seconds of consideration, then turns to face his friend: “I’ve called off the engagement too. I just… The past eleven years have been so crazy that I don’t know who I am anymore.” he pauses again before reiterating the concept, just in case: “I need to get away for a while.”
This very quickly becomes the single hardest thing he’s ever had to do, and that includes assembling a suit from scratches in an Afghan cave and facing off a couple of alien dudes with nuts instead of brains. He spends so much time surrounded by people he frankly despises on a molecular level that pretty soon he has to start telling himself about how the plan is going to work out eventually, hopefully sooner rather than later; how he’ll see Steve again once this is over and maybe he’ll convince him to go on holiday with him, somewhere far and remote with no internet connection and no TV and no phone reception, somewhere they can be themselves and kiss and have sex and laugh and scream and be loud (or quiet) if they want to, without worrying that someone could be eavesdropping or stalking them or taking pictures. When eventually he snaps out of fantasy land, he grabs the pager and send a message, always the same number: 823.
before it all went to shit – he had figured that their mutual pining was evidence enough that they simply couldn’t be angry at each other anymore, no matter what had happened between them. But then Thanos had snapped his fingers, thus pulverizing half of the universe, and everything had seemed so
The doctor gives him a comforting smile followed by an amicable pat on his back: “I’ll give you a moment.”
Steve knows that he shouldn’t, no matter what, because yeah, Tony jokes around a lot but can also be dreadfully serious at times, and he doesn’t want to risk spoiling this evening just because he’s not versed enough in dating to know how to read a situation. But if he could read Steve’s mind, he would tell him there’s no way you can ever be one hundred percent sure of something like this, no matter how experienced you are.
It’s nothing more than a stupid excuse, he’s well aware of it, and he believes Steve does too, but it needed to be said, and he needed to hear it. Going on dates is fun, you let steam off and for a night you feel like an ordinary person. Sleeping next to someone alleviates your loneliness, reminds you why you do what you do, why you sacrifice so much for strangers, for people who don’t always believe in you, who are just as ready to blame you for everything that is wrong in this world. But an actual relationship? That’s another matter entirely. Because you throw feelings into the mix, and before you know it weeks have turned into years to the point that you can’t imagine your life without the other, because that’s an existence you don’t see the point in living, not anymore, not after having known what love truly is… Still it suddenly happens, your partner gets hit as it’s bound to happen in this line of work, and maybe they die between your arms whilst you scream to just hold on, that you can
But Steve never finishes his sentence because a hard slap lands on his cheek, and although he might have anticipated that it might come, by the way his eyes almost double in size Tony can tell the
Maybe even more surprising is that Steve seems to have an answer straightaway, revealing that he himself has had the same thought at times: “I
“Cap? The coordinates Fury gave us are just ahead of us,” Hank calls him out of his thoughts, and Steve stands up to approach the head of the submarine.
“Shut up, just because you don’t need it doesn’t mean you get to judge people who do…” he says in return, leaving the can on his nightstand before crawling on the bed towards him, kissing his lips to shush a giggle.
He wasn’t asleep, but nevertheless feels the need to blink to make sure his eyes are seeing properly: just across the road there’s the entrance of a club, a big rainbow flag flying high just above it.
“Uh… I don’t remember whether it has been made public yet but the President, he… he’s going to announce the revision of the Supreme Court decision, so gay marriage… it’s gonna be illegal again.”
“I swear, you can be so blind at times, Cap…” he says out loud, sighing in defeat before moving on: “We’re meeting them at the restaurant in two hours. Go have a shower,” he warns him for good measure, and he’s about to walk away when Steve stops him, putting a hand on his arm.
“I know, and I meant that.” he looks briefly down, trying to unscramble the mess that his thoughts are right now, and then: “We will. Once I get back. Once I have
part of your body, son, understood?” Tony gives the slightest nod with his head, staying mum, his brain almost yelling at him now that he
They end up eating in silence, finishing their meal quite quickly – Tony realizes only halfway through that this might actually be the first food approaching his lips in more than twenty-four hours, although he doesn’t surprise him too much – and after their dishes get taken away, he casually leans his hand over Steve’s again who, quite predictably, immediately glances over what’s happening on the table. Only this time, Tony opts for a different strategy: he just ignores it.
“That’s bullshit and you know it!” Steve cuts him short, shaking his head in disbelief. It was so stupid of him, believing this was going to be any different. The government only looks out for itself, doesn’t it?
time. Let’s just focus on getting you out of this situation, alright? Mind bringing me up to speed?”
Steve’s lips curl up to form an involuntary smile: of course that’s what Tony is doing. That’s just one reason why he lov— Before the thought is completed he stops himself, almost as if he was actually saying those words out loud. He blinks, surprised, and maybe Tony was actually in the middle of telling him something because now he’s staring at him with those blue eyes of his, a silent question mark written on his pupils. Thank god the other doesn’t know how to read minds – not
“I haven’t either, for all that matters…” Tony sighs on his lips, now wet because Steve is crying too, and it’s only a second later that he realizes he can somewhat
“Shit, you should’ve seen your face, it was like someone had just told you that you had forgotten a line in the Star-Spangled Banner!”
if you weren’t in the middle of a deranging campaign against yourself? Tony knows he needs to stop, to take a step back and smile and say ‘I’m sorry’ even if he doesn’t mean it, not one bit, but he just can’t, and instead his other hand abandon the can to meet the pavement and goes looking for the other man’s, only for his fingers to find shredded pork meat and purple cabbage, soaked in unhealthy oil.
, just as if time was being played with. Unable to look away, Tony finds himself instinctively closing his eyes, and the next thing he knows Steve’s lips find his, sucking his lower one gently inside his, sending all sorts of shivers down his spine. And for a moment – or maybe two, who can really say? – Tony leans into the kiss, almost desperately wanting
“Nothing, I just wanted to know how did I score today,” the other shrugs, and then, as catching his interrogative glance: “You know. The scale. Zero to ten?”
Tony has never been gladder to hear these words: as soon as they’re pronounced, he pushes the chair backwards and takes his leave, reaching the corridor with a few, fast steps. Once outside, he takes a deep breath of relief, but again he comes to regret it in just a few moments, because as he’s making his way back to his room, Steve reaches for him, hand tightening on his shoulder to get him to stop.
“Do you want to… uh, walk back home?” Steve asks once they’re alone, and by the tone of his voice, he’s glad to notice his prayer didn’t go unanswered.
deal with. He figures they can just ignore each other during the meeting, and then he’ll talk to T’Challa to remind him how it’s really not
. So he straightens his back against the beach chair, takes a sip of his whiskey and spits the truth out once and for all.
“Sorry I’m late...” he offers as soon as the elevator doors open, but much to his surprise there’s nobody there, except for the holographic projection of one of his I.A., serving as the welcoming party for the Tower.
“Mr. Field, I don’t know how to tell you, there aren’t enough funds in your account to make this withdrawal. There is nothing I can—“
Steve shakes his head to himself, and Tony knows in any other occasion he would be protesting, claiming that it’s not fair, that he doesn’t want special treatment or anything of the likes, that he can’t just fluttering his money around to make problems go away.
“Good morning, Mr. Grant, I’m not too bad. Got into an argument with Jarvis this morning but other than that… How’s the family?”
he thinks to himself as sitting down on the cushioned pillows. But when the whole of ten minutes go by, he starts wondering whether the other has got cold feet, or just plain forgot about this (although he can’t bring himself to actually
; it gets thrown around to every single meeting, in every document, every speech he hears politicians give to the crowd, almost as if only by repeating it over and over it could actually make things better, or be somehow true. “
“So what’s the plan? Just scouting around the coordinates he gave us, and hope for the best?” Steve hears himself saying, although he hadn’t planned of speaking, still flabbergasted by the revelation about Iron Man. And why has he just used ‘us’? He doesn’t know any of these people, why is he suddenly on board with it all? But of course, deep down he knows the answer to both of these questions, and it’s one and the same. If Iron Man is real, then Steve
of what has been going on in his mind for the last five minutes, but he knows words could never suffice so he puts all of that into the kiss, slipping his tongue gently into the other man’s mouth to caress his and his hands under Steve’s polo shirt to caress the skin he hasn’t touched in
“Guess you’re right…” the other man says, slowly as to take time to come up with something else, but as his eyes meet Tony’s, still smiling, he finds himself incapable of doing that, just because he doesn’t
There is a collective holding of breath as he pronounces that name, and that makes him want to smile because, in a dark day like this one, this might be the only good thing he gets out of it. He’s been in contact with Bruce on and off since getting back from space, knows
“The next step is to take the tree from the vase, making sure not to damage its roots, and then plant it in its new home. But, sir, are you sure…”
with you, and I’ve been for quite some time now. I don’t… I don’t know whether you like me or not, in
And now it’s Tony’s turn to be staring in confusion for a short while before spreading his arms: “What do you mean, ‘who’s Steve’? Steve
“Wait a second. You’re telling me he’s for real?,” he can’t keep himself from saying out loud, the astonishment too big to contain. Everyone turns to look at him, as if they had forgotten he’s there – and maybe they
Except he doesn’t, not really. Because after Tony falls asleep – ‘passes out’ would be a better verb – Steve really
he thinks, shaking his head before turning to face Steve’s back again; he doesn’t think he has even flinched in the whole five minutes that Strange was in the room.
So, as he usually tends to do in circumstances like this, he starts investing money (turns out winning an election is a massive boost in your finances) in the most random stuff Pepper passes on to him: charities, MIT projects, medical studies and so on, he doesn’t even read the prospectus because he trusts her judgement and knows she’s extremely thorough (way more than he himself could ever be), but he always makes sure that the source is listed as a subsidiary of the Stark Industries and not himself, as to have deniability. Figuring it’s time to stop living in hotel rooms, he buys a penthouse near Central Park and moves in the day afterwards, spending the weekend ordering furniture and appliances he doesn’t even know if he actually needs online and waiting for it all to be delivered, making sure to tip generously the person as working on a Saturday must be a pain in the ass. Although he gets off the right foot, taking his stuff out of the boxes and storing it away with some resemblance of logic, he pretty soon has enough of this dull exercise and just starts pushing it all in one corner, promising himself he’ll eventually get on with it, once he’s more settled in. After a week, the majority of the boxes is still unpacked and he spends most of his time either in the mini-lab he’s assembled (in what used to be a living room) or monitoring the internet for any possible sign of Steve in news written in a language he has no idea even existed.
he moans as touching them lightly, noticing just now how his knuckles bear a redness that is not usually there.
“Sure it does,” Steve hears himself replying, the shadow of a smile appearing on his lips. It hurts a little but feels so good.
Tony can’t believe the words he’s just heard. What sort of Christmas wizardry is this? He returns Steve’s glance, and for a while he stays silent, because he has no idea what to say, nor
“Not sure, but it looks like a tunnel of some sort,” he explains just before he dives towards the opening.
, and that was what, five, eight years ago now? Why does time have the annoying habit of melting years together whenever you’re not paying attention?
“I-I don’t know, I… fell asleep” he replies, feeling stupid and useless and guilty whilst his heart is racing way too fast.
Yeah, Tony knows it all too well, because it had been a struggle for him too. He sighs, and for once instead of going with his usual sarcasm he stays silent, leaning his cheek on Steve’s shoulders and closing his eyes, breathing in his smell as who knows when he’ll have a chance to do it again?
“Yes?” he answers pacifically, but even so the kid seems to be somewhat scared. Maybe he’s just started this – job? Internship? Why is everything so complicated nowadays? – and doesn’t know how the adult world works quite yet.
. His last visit still haunts him – sarcastic and ironic as that might sound, all things considered – to the point that he has often thought, hadn’t that been impossible, his heart had actually broken all over again at seeing Steve in those conditions. ‘There’s never enough time’ they used to say to each other back in the day, constantly pulled in every direction, fighting aliens and domestic threats, but right now they both would take that over
What happened to his A.I.? He doesn’t care that much about himself – it’s not the first time he’s hangover and of course it’s not going to be the last – but JARVIS is
Tony Stark doesn’t often indulge in sentiments – mostly because he was brought up to store them all away – but right now he just can’t help himself. This feels too good not to rejoice about it. Not to scream it to everyone. So although he normally would never believe in such a thing, he sends a prayer up to the sky to let them win this. Because, for the first time in his whole life, he just can’t wait to see what else is in store for him. And although he’s over one-hundred years old, right now he feels
. I’ll be your friend and your family, if you want me to. I’ll be your safe port whenever you feel lost. I’ll be your
“What is this place?” is the question that immediately follows, and he can tell it’s one that the other was
Tony Stark, the whole time he was in the White House – he activates the isolating panels (another gadget he came up with last week) and lets a long sigh out, feeling so
It’s not hard to imagine the situation – after all he had always felt Steve and Ross were two sides of the same person, kind of like Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, both incredibly stubborn, both absolutely convinced of the implicit
“During the war, I mean. Right before I became a… Capsicle.” Steve smiles some more, and now their eyes met, even if just for a brief second before Tony forces himself to divert his, to avoid unnecessary complications. “It gets easy, eventually. Dealing with survival. You find… good enough reasons to be alive.”
“Yeah, I’ve done what I had come here to do, time for me to get on with my shit. Let the world know I’m still alive, much to everyone’s disappointment.”
“I’m… sorry about that, but Fury was categorical that I didn’t spend more than ten minutes in here. There’s the plane waiting for me ten miles out, I just
“So yeah, that’s the broad gist of it, he gave me pages and pages to download but I haven’t gotten around to read them yet, obviously. Plus I imagine he’s gonna wanna talk to you.”
The other smirks – he can tell his remark has hit the target – and takes a sip from Steve’s cocktail, blinking as tasting how
“Why wouldn’t I be?” Steve giggles, letting him go so he can look at him, a curious expression on his face.
He knows he should ask him what he means exactly by that, but it seems impossible for words to come out of his mouth, so he only gives a brief nod before getting inside the car, turning the engine on and driving away. A couple of minutes later, having regained some vague sense of internal quietness, he dials Steve’s number.
Peter flashes a smile from ear to ear, and that makes Tony’s heart skip a beat; he can’t believe just how
?” replies Clint, narrowing his eyes with suspicion, and right now Tony becomes fully aware this is not going to go down easily.
He keeps moving, faster but not harder, because he doesn’t feel anything anymore: not the urge from his body,
do is accepting the love of someone we feel even more at loss whenever they’re not around us. Who keeps sending us money to make sure we’re okay no matter how far away we are. Who deserves to be loved just as anybody else, even though he thinks he doesn’t – which, by the way, is utter nonsense and
Although it hadn’t been his intention, he ends up falling asleep a few hours after Steve, swiftly dozing off in an unconscious sleepiness, the result of too many nights spent awake since this crisis started. He doesn’t know how long he’s been out, but it’s the incessant and frantic blip of the monitor that eventually wakes him up, immediately followed by the deep panic that quickly gathers control of his body.
, having spent the last weeks in such symbiosis with the blonde, but the truth is, he misses him. The truth is, whenever he’s not with him, he’s constantly looking for Steve, searching for his touch, listening in to catch the sound of his voice.
“I’m Steve. Grant is my middle name too, if you can believe it,” comes the answer, and with it a small, rectangular paper is handed to him, but it’s not made of the usual material, it’s slightly
“Because that’s exactly how it fucking feels!” he screams now, pushing his hands against the edge of the table and standing up, kicking the chair for good measure; he loosens up his tie, undoes the first button of his shirt and leans against the window, taking a deep breath in order to calm down, already regretting losing his cool in front of them. But the situation has been gnawing at him for months now, and finding himself in a position where he could finally cut his frustration loose, he just couldn’t help but voicing it out loud.
“Look, I’m sorry, it just sorta came out of my mouth before I could stop myself, it was a… last resort thing. I understand if you’re mad.”
His voice is soft and kind, his words just what Tony wanted to hear right now, and once again he can’t help himself but wondering exactly how and when they started to be so in sync with one another. He closes his eyes, swallows and tells himself that this is not the time to stay on the line just to hear Steve’s breathing into the receiver, no matter how much he’d love that, so he forces himself to speak.
His rational side has been trying for almost twenty-four hours now to come up with good enough reasons to call the date off, but nothing convincing enough to actually stick. So here he is, at 7:05pm, making his way down to the lobby, expecting to find Steve already there, waiting.
“No, it’s not that, although it does make for quite a nice show…” Steve shakes his head, big smile on his lips, “I was just wondering about something, and then I thought you’d be the best person to ask. Which is funny because, it kind of involves
of January. Something inside of him suddenly clicks in, his heart skips a beat and he holds his breath as realizing that it’s indeed today, the day that just begun a mere two hours ago.
, he wonders, but of course he already knows the answer to this question, he’s always known it, deep, deep down.
He’s pretty sure he was, which of course, it doesn’t necessarily mean anything: sometimes people can’t wait for a payment to come in and they keep going back and forth until they receive their money – internet banking hasn’t really picked up around here yet, so most of their customers over forty still make their weekly or monthly trip to the bank to check their balances, collect their wages and such. Tony nods to himself and goes back to his position, telling himself to stop getting lost into his thoughts to avoid having déjà-vu in the middle of a shift.
about them. Only now, that proves to be completely pointless. Almost as if it was a mechanism of self-defense, he pushes the phone away from him, sighing deeply and listlessly scratching the incipit of his beard, just to do something with his hands.
of their actions (although, for a reason or another, it was easier for him to side with Steve’s view of the world rather than with Ross’s).
“I’m awake…” now comes the reply, followed by a stretch and a badly hidden yawn. “How are you feeling?”
For a couple of seconds, Steve loses any ability to do anything or think properly, it’s like he’s suddenly turned into a statue. Then, as he starts to feel a warmth spreading out from his stomach, he lifts his hands to cup Tony’s face and reciprocates the kiss, closing his eyes and smiling softly. All he can smell is Tony’s aftershave, and all he can think about is him.
that, Tony. But I’m asking anyway. Because we’re not strangers, and this wasn’t our first date, not even the third. All these years, all of our shouting matches, our fights, our evenings spent discussing strategies with Chinese food in our mouths, all the times we keep coming back to one another… those have been dates too, we just were too cowards to call them as such, too occupied with saving the world to admit we deserve to be happy as everyone else. And the thing is, you
Tony sighs deeply when he gets interrupted, but shakes his head and finishes his sentence anyway: “You need to move on, Steve. It’s time.”
with it. Everything he knew about being a soldier had proved inefficient if not plain dull at this point: what’s the use in training when you’re facing someone who can alter the very fabric of reality just with the snap of his fingers? What good tactics can do if everything feels so
“I love you,” he blurts out as soon as he accepts the call, and before the other can say anything, he hurries to ask the question that has been making his head spin since he opened his eyes: “D-Do you still—“
he has just shared, the other because he wasn’t expecting to ever hear those words out loud, let alone in so much
becomes the only thing he can think about. The moment the bedroom door shuts, he leans against the wall, grabs the collar of Mark’s shirt, pulling the stranger onto him to kiss him hungrily, convinced the quicker his movements, the less chances his brain has to regain control.
Pepper stays silent for a bit, just staring at him, to the point that Tony starts wondering whether she’s planning of throwing something at him, although he can’t see what that could possibly be, except for the laptop, maybe. But she wouldn’t risk the documents on it just to prove a point – she’s not
feelings and situations. He’s tried to get out before, to cut some room for himself, but as it turned out he couldn’t be gone for more than a month without a new emergency happening in the world. And so he’d come back, because that was more
He sighs deeply to shake himself out of his own thoughts, and after a quick glance at his watch he decides that he’s got to go
Steve doesn’t try to talk to him again until they get back to Earth, and if just for this, Tony he’s grateful, because he still has no idea what to say or even
that doesn’t work: he could never match Steve’s strength, no matter what. An even if he’s well aware of this, he can’t help but getting even more pissed at him.
He really wishes he had been, at least wouldn’t have to endure this conversation now. But he refrains from saying that out loud. He knows the other doesn’t quite enjoy this kind of sarcasm.
“I’m sorry, sir. I did the best I could” the doctor tells him in a low voice of one who has been delivering bad news for far too long. When he looks beyond him Tony sees a procession of nurses silently making their way out of the room. He knows what’s happened, it really doesn’t take a genius to figure it out, but all the same, he
Tony shrugs, taking another sip, quickly dismissing the fact as a big deal to avoid having to open up even more than he has already. “Yeah well, I also have a company to run
Tony makes a movement to skirt around Nat, but she must have been expecting it because she stops him right away, and before he can think of another way to circle around her, the end of the jet opens up and he catches sight of a stretcher being rushed towards the entrance. “Steve!” he yells at the top of his lungs, turning in the opposite direction to make his way back down, but once again Nat anticipates his move and delivers a precise, small blow to the back of his neck, and a second later Tony collapses into her arms.
Steve giggles again, but stays silent now and just throws an amused glance over at him; Tony catches a glimpse of it, and maybe it’s the rain, maybe because he’s tired and there’s been a lot of fighting lately; or maybe because it’s December and the year is almost over, so why not risking it all, leaving the consequences to later? The real reason doesn’t matter in the end, because what Tony ends up doing the moment his breathing goes back to a somewhat normal pace is closing the short distance between them and kissing Steve softly, eyes closed, ignoring the shivers down his spine which may be happening because of the cold rain or out of the raw emotion that has pushed him to do such sudden gesture, so unexpectedly that Steve doesn’t pull away or even flinch, staying there as if he was frozen all over again.
“Flowers…?” Steve manages to mumble, but Tony is already out of the lab, leaving the other alone with his thoughts.
different, and it doesn’t take an expert in dating or even love to know that. It’s just so crystal clear that you can’t dismiss it out of hand just because it makes no sense at all. Tony is his best friend, for better or worse they’ve had each other’s backs for all these years, but this has nothing to do with that. This is something else entirely, something that he assumes could be what a successful date looks like, although he can’t possibly be sure. And he can’t keep a giggle from coming out as realizing that the person whom he’d ask about this is indeed the same one who’s currently dancing to an inaudible music in front of his very eyes.
It seems to be a hut of sorts, quite basic if you can trust the appearances; there’s a table and a few chairs around it; something resembling a big cupboard against one of the walls, and two doors occupy the other two. Steve and Tony are still in their defensive stances, but the being doesn’t seem to notice or care as it resumes talking with the same monotone voice.
with flashbacks of their faces, and moments they lived together, a literal lifetime ago. He hasn’t had the courage of looking them up yet – a funny thing you can do so easily in this new century – mostly because he wanted to avoid
“I’ve never stopped loving you,” he hears eventually, and if he hoped the answer to his question was going to help him giving him some clues about what was happening, he was solely mistaken, because this…
Something suddenly catches the corner of his eyes, shifting his focus back to the present time and his surroundings; there are a few more people in the queues now, six in total, but that’s not what has got his attention. He take a couple of steps on his left hand-side to get a closer look at the last person in the Miss Goodwin line, and immediately understands why his alarm bells went off.
He holds a sigh in, shrugs instead, but avoids meeting her glance all the same: “You’re reading too much into it. I’m just helping him out, that’s all. We’re already friends, which helps. Other than that, it’s all in your mind, Danvers. You’re in love and assume everyone else is too.”
of him was to wash himself that morning – a habit more than a rational thought, that’s always been the first thing he does when he wakes up – especially given the fact that the possibility of Tony dying had been a constant thought in the back of his head since the whole Thanos scenario started, and this decision still haunts him on a daily basis even now, a year later. When they eventually returned to Earth, and he’d got back to their room, he’d lied in bed for a good thirty-six hours straight, trying so desperately to recapture Tony’s smell within those four walls, inside their closet, between the sheets. It was there, barely but present still, so he’d sworn to himself to not step outside until he couldn’t sniff it anymore – but that happened faster than he was prepared to, and it just left him feeling even emptier than before, because it was like now Tony had really gone forever. That’s when he decided he would not touch a single thing in that bedroom anymore, and he’s kept his promise so far.
indeed there with him. Although now he’s starting to question whether he imagined it, in the convulsiveness of the situation, or it was actually
In less than a second Steve is bent over him, kissing his face listlessly, holding his head between his two hands.
“Rhodey, slow down, please, you’re killing me. It’s not Pepper, and it’s nobody new, I’m far too busy to even… look at other people in my office, even if I
But if he thought the flowers were going to be the only surprise of the evening he was solely mistaken. As it turns out, Steve indeed took the time to make an actual
Dossier? Reputation? What the hell is he talking about? These are the questions Steve wants to ask right now, but instead other words come out of his mouth: “Please, stop calling me that. The Army was a long time ago. I’m not a captain of anything right now, not even my local baseball team.”
of votes and endorsement, metaphorically speaking), and he knows that’s exactly what Fury was aiming for, but at the same time, these things tend to take weeks before the ball start to actually roll, so until then he’s left with way too much spare time in his hands and nobody to spend it with or nothing to spend it on. This would be enough to drive him crazy in a normal situation, but given that he’s just got off a giant rollercoaster of emotions – what with defeating Thanos and going to space and becoming a mole, not to mention getting Steve back – it really feels like an insanely long pit stop, and he just doesn’t know how to deal with it.
He mumbles again, really just to indicate he’s listening and stays there for a few more seconds to regain a bit more energy. He has so many questions but also feels he has to reassure the other man that, despite the appearances, he is okay. A bit ruffled up, sure, but nothing that the serum can’t fix, in due time. True, it normally works faster than this - whatever ‘this’ even means, he can’t tell how long he has been out - but who knows what that alien had thrown at him. Earth science was not his forte, go figure the extraterrestrial sort.
“I’m sorry, I’m a bit overtired – I don’t even remember when was the last time I actually slept – I don’t think I can get in the mood…” he apologizes eventually, shooting for the easiest sentence he can come up with, adding a half-hearted yawn for good measure. But if Steve gets what he means, he surely doesn’t show it in any way, or he’s settled on not letting Tony off the hook this easily.
Tony has not been surprised many times in his life – collateral damage for being too smart, he’s come to believe – but hearing these four words straight out Steve Rogers’s mouth flies right into the top position of the list. He had just opened the box and was looking at its content – something metallic – when his brain registers them, and for a split second the only thing he’s able to do is to keep staring at it, as he didn’t hear them
, or at least until something tragic and big happens (usually one of them dies). Unfortunately for him, Steve doesn’t quite work the same way, nor shares his belief. If anything, he wants to
“Yes, sir,” Steve replies, pressing his body gently against the door as kissing him with a passion that speaks more than a mere apology. And Tony smiles on his lips as tilting his head back so that the other can have his way up and down his neck, sending shivers down his spine and stealing gentle moans that soon enough fill the whole room.
he realizes, and promptly his eyes fall on the other, his lips slightly curved to resemble a smile, which gets returned straightaway.
he shakes his head to himself, making a mental note to buy him a twenty-first century book on romantic language – god knows how much Steve needs it.
They end up taking a walk home – the cold November air has kept most people inside the warmth of their homes, which works out great if you’re a known person as it allows for a degree of anonymity which is rarely achieved – and although they exchange words every now and then, they remain silent for the most part, enjoying each other’s company. It’s only once they get to the outside of the Tower, and they’re about to get in, that Tony comes to a sudden halt and turns to face Steve.
“So?” he asks straightaway, and by his tone Tony knows he’s been patiently waiting with the phone within reach who knows for how long.
“You’re so dramatic. Who said we want you to get drunk? It just works out cheaper to buy a few at once because it’s two-for-one. I may have had my money back, but I’m still out of a job for a couple more weeks. So if there’s a deal, you bet your ass I’m taking it.”
So Tony tells him the gist of it, trying to keep his voice steady and his eyes from turning into little hearts – as they tend to do recently every time he even
Once he’s in front of the conference room, he knocks politely on the door whilst trying to hide the idiotic smile now flashing hopelessly on his lips: he passes a hand over his face, rubbing his fingers on them, and even bites the inside of his cheek, but it’s all pointless, the smile stays on.
Steve tries and tries to define, but in vain. Exhaustion eventually catches him and he falls into a deep sleep.
, closing his eyes before leaning against him, hot flushes spreading over his face and body, making him forget about any coherent thoughts that might still be present inside his brain.
“Yeah, yeah, you can kiss her ‘bravo’ later, Romeo,” Mr. Field’s voice explodes in his ear as he grabs his wrist to pull him along, moving in front of the second till. “Let’s speed things up now, shall we?” he then adds, shoving the bag over to Mr. Grant, who doesn’t need to hear it twice, promptly opening the drawer to obey the demand.
“What? Did I say something funny?” Steve stops halfway through a sentence, tilting his head in a gesture so cute and soft that Tony has a hard time trying to hide his feelings.
Tony winks at him, smirking, and Steve can’t help but flushing on his cheeks as he looks away before mumbling, fully embarrassed: “I wasn’t implying…”
he thinks, but of course he can’t say it out loud. “I’ll take care of that too.” he sighs, and there’s enough fatigue and anguish in those words for the man in front of him to take his leave.
“You still have that pile of clothes to sort through in your room…” Rhodey points out, mostly because he doesn’t want to voice his concern that his friend is acting like a kid in primary school.
“Tony…” Steve sighs, shaking his head as hearing Tony’s self-deprecation, but as their eyes meet he decides this is not the time to pick up an argument about that, so he switches back to his original train of thought: “You don’t want to stay?”
Them being who they are – both stubborn, both largely incapable of separating their feelings from the moment, to take a step back and realize that they should actually be
For sure Steve is about to reply something along those lines as he lifts up the oxygen mask from his mouth and pulls it on the side, but this time is Tony who beats him to it, leaning his lips on his and leaving a small kiss on them, closing his eyes and staying there, unable to let them (or him) go. Much to his surprise, not only Steve doesn’t turn his face away, but he even returns the kiss, one of his hands leaning against Tony’s unshaved cheek.
When 7:00am finally come around, he takes a deep breath and sits up, shuffling his legs off the bed and staying there for a minute trying to gather the energy to go through the day. He remembers Tony suggesting yoga once when he had told him that sometimes he just couldn’t switch his brain off after a particularly busy day, and he had laughed at the thought of putting himself in such weird positions, afraid he was going to rip all of his muscles apart. So Tony had thrown in an incentive: they could do it together and he would get a kiss for every position he managed to hold for more than a few seconds, and that had been enough to make him say yes. Not that was that difficult for Tony to do that, sometimes all it took was a smile at the right moment to have him consider an alternative to his usual way of thinking. The brunet had that power over him, always had, but once they started being together he just ended up falling in love with it, such a nice change from always having to be the one to take decisions.
“How do you know his name?” Steve asks, taking a step forward without even realizing it, as to protect Tony.
“ ‘M fine…” he eventually manages to babble, his voice sounding so crooked and feeble that he has trouble recognising it as his own.
“Yeah, I know,” he promptly replies, before letting him on his idea: “So, I thought the next step for you should be going on a double date.”
Tony needs his body to work properly again, so he slaps his cheek to get his sight to focus, but he has no strength left, his hand feels weak like a caress against his face and before he realizes what’s happening to him his eyes roll back in their sockets and he loses consciousness, his head falling lifelessly against his chest, unable to witness Steve hurrying desperately towards him.
“First of all, I want that wall between Texas and Mexico to finally go up, there’s been far too much dwelling and people are tired of it. Tony, where are we with that?”
“You see, another function of these glasses is reading people’s vital signs. You know, in case there’s an emergency and I’m not wearing the suit. Do you wanna know what they registered when I looked at you a minute ago? An unjustifiable high heart rate. I wonder, why is that?”
…” he begs him with his hands still around his face, feeling really at loss right now, and because he doesn’t know what else could work, he kisses him again.
“What were those?” Rhodey’s voice catches him by surprise once more, sending a short, panicky shiver down his spine.
of July parade, and the guy pirouettes on himself, taking a couple of steps forward towards the door, expecting it to open promptly. Except it doesn’t happen, because the alarm has triggered a shutdown of the electric grid. Tom tries to push it forcefully instead, but it makes no difference, and he lets out a frustrated whining noise, stating the obvious: “It’s blocked!”
things have changed, when Fury’s voice echoes in the hangar, making them both turn towards it at once.
He stands up, sits on the edge of the bed and before Steve can say anything to try and stop him he’s lying down next to him with slow and delicate movements, trying not to brush against his wounded body. When he sees the other man lifting up the mask again, he pushes it gently down and shakes his head.
The thought of seeing Steve again alleviates his next few days – albeit they seem to take double as long to be through – making the sequence of meetings he has to attend less tedious than usual and his confidence in their plan somehow stronger, although he still has plenty of doubts about it, same as the first time he actually heard it. Be that as it may, he keeps up both his official job and his
His back is turned against the soldier now as he takes a few steps away from him, a dull hope that distance might help whatever this is hurting less. Of course, it’s pointless, and he didn’t expect it to work in the first place, but sometimes you can’t do much except wishing for the best. As he moves to the big window behind his desk, Tony’s eyes encounter many pictures, all too painful memories of their life together, the same life that now Steve is tearing away just with a few, almost whispered words that nevertheless feel like precise stabs to Tony’s heart. Except for one – which is of the whole team after their first victory together – all of the others are from
, so now he feels like he has to learn the rules of social interaction all over again – which, if not terrifying, is certainly a bit scary, especially when everybody around you seems to be impossibly confident and knowing exactly what to do,
“You know that’s bad for you, right?” Steve asks him as he spots the drink into his hand, raising a brow.
“This is just a rain check, Winghead,” he warns him as the suit already latches onto him, Steve running back to his quarters to get changed.
Fury nods, promptly standing and reaching the back of the room, switching a projector on before turning the lights off.
exists and works perfectly fine that they all agree to get the microchips injected into their veins. He explains the plan – that bit he knows for certain at least – he tells them that Fury
“You’re such a jerk but I love you and I have missed you so much. You’re not going anywhere tonight because you still haven’t slept in my bed here and your smell is not in my room, and that is unacceptable. So now I’m gonna take you there and I’m gonna undress you slowly before tying you up, making sure you don’t escape.” he stops, blinking, not sure he actually said those words out loud. “That’s what I was thinking. Does it sound like a plan to you?”
He smiles, feeling a new warmth making its way into his chest, alleviating its tightness and delivering more air into his lungs. Just then, a short vibration warns him that one minute has already gone by.
“The kind of offer I can’t refuse?” Steve asks, and he can’t help but smiling widely as catching that reference as he does every single time this happens.
“Tony…? What’s wrong…?” he mumbles, still half a sleep, and the shadow of a smile appears on Tony’s lips, because for just that brief moment it’s like they’re back at the peak of their relationship, content and so comfortable around each other that their mannerism couldn’t just be contained to a bedroom.
“I thought it’d change his mind, but it didn’t.” he sighs, standing up and approaching the other man, not exactly knowing what he should apologize for, whether for assuming Steve felt the same way or for spilling the secret in the first place.
Once more, the familiar shiver runs down Tony’s back, anticipating new tears forming in his eyes; he looks at Steve again, and this time instead of talking he leans forward to kiss him, hoping that some miracle will make it possible for the other to feel it as strongly and heartfelt as he does.
to pilot the Iron Giant if he was to refuse, and Tony couldn’t take that risk. Especially not with a prototype.
the rings nor their powers. The way I see it, they’re a danger to Earth and maybe the whole universe as long as they’re not in safe hands. Which aren’t Loki’s, or this terroristic organization’s either. I know you
“You surely know how to make a fella feel important,” he comments, because yes, now that it has been said, he remembers a conversation they had a few weeks back about this subject, one that he didn’t win – he rarely does when it comes down to this topic; still it’s kind of nice being reminded of it, right now.
Steve doesn’t think he could, even if he wanted to, but that doesn’t mean he’s just going to stay idle in the meantime. Once the sound of the other’s footsteps fades, he blinks slowly a few times until eventually, his eyes decide to obey his request and open up properly. As it turns out - and as he had figured by now - the whiteness belongs to the ceiling of the hospital room, and once he manages to get his head to move slightly to the left, he discovers that he’s back in Manhattan. With a bit of extra determination - and swallowing fits of pain - he manages to get up in a sitting position, at which point he’s completely exhausted. There are so many questions in his mind now - ‘what happened?’, being number one on the list - but he can feel the remaining of his energy quickly leaving his body, and before Tony even makes it back to the room, he’s out cold again.
would during a party, but he isn’t quite successful in his intent, so after a short while he takes a few small steps backwards before disappearing from the others’ view and going to sit down on his bunk bed. He knows he should call Pepper, let her know he’s
“As I said, dramatic…” Steve giggles softly, throwing a sweet glance over to him and sighing quietly as their eyes finally meet.
“Said it’s not safe. Like if we weren’t going on a dangerous mission. Whatever. Guess I’m going to sleep instead.”
“I-I’m coming…” he mumbles, not looking at her, and waits until he hears her footsteps vanishing in the thin air to let out a quiet sob. He will try so hard to keep it together, but after a couple of minutes he’ll break out in tears anyway and won’t be able to finish his speech. He must know it or at least suspect it already by now, subconsciously at least, because before starting towards the chapel he lifts his chin up to look at the statue, as if Tony was in there and could actually smile at him as encouragement. “I’m not gonna say anything you don’t already know in my speech, so even if I don’t… manage to read it all, it won’t make a difference to you, because it’s stuff I tell you twice a day anyway, you must be bored to hear it by now…” he snickers quietly, and god, even that causes him pain. “Except… I was going through some of my books, trying to find a quote yesterday – you know,
“Somewhere in Europe, I don’t have the details. We’re regrouping there, starting phase 2. Have to get out of here before things go even more awry.”
He didn’t mean it as a joke, but that seems to be the effect that his words have, because she smirks at him, shaking her head: “Oh, but plenty of people
to notice? For all he knows he could have just condemned the whole universe to death just because he thought himself
He doesn’t need to hear anything else, that’s more or less the same exact line he fed him a decade ago. He stands up, shakes his head, interrupts him before he can finish his sentence: “Not interested. Didn’t you hear? I’m retired. I thought you knew
“That’s disgustingly sweet, Tony!” Steve protests, sticking his tongue out and rubbing the back of his hand against it to get rid of the taste.
They arrive at destination about seven minutes later, decisively earlier than if they had kept on walking, although that doesn’t mean the rain doesn’t get them anyway, albeit only marginally.
“I’m counting on my best mate to do that for me” echoes Tony, taking the stairs when he realizes the elevator is busy.
what he ended up doing, isn’t it? Him with his stubbornness. Destroying every good thing that ever happened to him. He shivers, for a second returning to the present and his surroundings. What is he doing? This is stupid, doesn’t make any sense. It’s not going to
Tony rolls briefly his eyes, then takes a breath and, holding back another chuckle, spits it out: “It’s… Steve.”
, he thinks – Tony tilts his head slightly to the side to catch a look at the new arrived, giving him a welcoming nod.
foolish was that the case, because war or no war, there are rules and laws and bridges that cannot be crossed, no matter what. He doesn’t know this guy, but he can tell by his eyes he’s a smart one, despite his frail physical appearance. Or maybe
It only takes ten minutes for Fury to find him in his room; lights out, Steve is lying down on the bed, although not asleep, trying to make sense of everything that’s happened in the last day. There’s a decisive knock on the door which he wants to ignore – and
– is nonetheless far beyond what he (or even Fury, for that matter) had ever imagined. The words ‘Merchant of Death’ resume echoing immediately inside his brain, and he hates it so much for that, because it’s a reminder that no matter how hard he tries to shake that title off his shoulders, it’s like a permanent stain on his conscience, impossible to get rid of.
this whole situation is, especially now that they should all be happy and glad about the lay of the land: they’re alive, Thanos is dead, Earth is safe, the people who had been snapped out of existence are back. It’s a win-win situation, and they all know how
In the next seven days Tony doesn’t put foot outside his hotel room at all: he asks Pepper to send over all the equipment he needs, then he gets down to business, tinkering and writing and planning; his diet goes back to basics – or, at least,
“Because… like it or not you were born at the beginning of last century, and the way we grow up… well, I believe it stays with us no matter what we do or how hard we try to fight it or forget it. Mind you, nobody ever came up to me and say it plain and clear, but these are our teammates we’re talking about, don’t you think they would eventually notice something was up with the two of us? I mean, I was actually surprised it took them
Tony is not exactly a romantic, and especially in times like the present he believes feelings are definitely
he remembers it. Soon enough he gets overwhelmed by his presence though, and before his brain can rationalize the whole situation he finds himself ceasing the dance, pushing Steve gently against the wall and pressing his own body against his, lips finding each other as if they had shared many intimate moments before, and the kiss that follows is passionate and deep, failing to hide the sense of eagerness and longing they both feel. There aren’t any moments wasted this time – that’s a luxury you can’t afford yourself when there’s a global war raging just outside your building – and before more words can be exchanged Tony’s hands slip inside Steve’s boxers to find their way to him, stroking him gently and slowly as his mouth sucks on the broadened neck, leaving marks of promises and oaths as their respective moans echo quietly in the air, allowing them both to forget the ugliness that rambles on just a few feet away.
his appointment. There will be plenty of time after to offer a consolation hug, or to try and make him laugh (when was the last time he did that? He can’t remember, but he’s almost certain Tony had done that too). He’s not hungry – he rarely is nowadays – so he puts on the espresso machine and after it’s warmed up, he inserts two capsules into it and adds just a splash of cold milk in a small glass, stirs everything together and swallows it down at once. He hates it, it’s so bitter he almost feels like he’s going to be sick, but that’s the way Tony used to take his coffee in the morning, so now he does too, as if carrying on these little routines helped to ease the pain (it doesn’t, and he knows this, but still can’t bring himself to stop it).
because this is just the second time that he hears this stupid plan out loud and already hates it, so how the hell is he supposed to stick with it for months or maybe even years? It just seems impossible, intolerable, insufferable.
“Well, that’s easily said. I really have an obligation towards the people, to help them and protect them, whatever the cost. I don’t care much about politics, but I’d happily give up my own life for the greater good.”
“Morning, Mr. Stark, how are you today?” a familiar voice greets him some time later, just as he’s about to get inside the staff room to wear his jacket and tie, both of which he’s taken off during his routine as the May sun is already quite hot, and he’s prone to sweat anyway. He turns around to see one of the bank’s cashier, a middle aged man with no hair but a very thick mustache, stepping inside the building.
The sound of the door opening brings him back to the present. He turns on the chair to face the newcomer, a man who he estimates to be as tall as him, albeit less muscular.
“Yeah, that wasn’t my concern…” he snickers, but avoids telling the real reason out loud, because he knows the other wouldn’t get it.
Steve takes a while to understand that he was, in fact, kidding, and that the joke is… well, him. When he finally does, he charges against Tony, punching his sides and stepping on his feet: “You’re such a jerk, you know that?”
“Hi, I booked at table, should be under Rogers…” he says once they get to the restaurant, and Tony has to admit that it does have a nice ring to it, he doesn’t even quite understand
“In terms you humans can understand… I’m the keeper of this place, and you were right, Mr. Stark, you indeed are within the Soul Stone. As to how you… ‘get out of here’, as you put it: you can’t.”
“Please excuse the ramblings of a man out of time, Mr. Rogers,” Tony adds, reading in the silence following his words something that is not there. Steve smiles,
. When he tries to reach for the key again, his fingers actually wrap around it, and the next thing he knows is holding it into his hand.
His life thus becomes even more fractured, as there are certain things he needs to remember and certain ways in which he needs to act for half a day, and then, once he gets back to his apartment, the
brought me a bit up to speed yesterday, and then I read up stuff online. I don’t like this situation, Nick. Not one bit.”
it’s been since he actually said anything out loud. And to think he used to be something short of a garrulous… funny how things change. The other man grumps and shuffles his feet underneath the duvet, but he doesn’t wake up, so Tony calls his name again.
“Oh, I thought…” he starts, confused, then stops, swallowing before continuing, “Sorry, why did you come here for, again? I don’t think you actually told me.”
“Tony…” Steve scratches his neck, puzzled as hearing all of these words but having no idea what to make of them or what to say to keep them from further coming out.
“I wasn’t talking about sex…” he sighs, moaning again and feeling his trousers growing tighter around his groin as the touching goes on, words harder to speak out with clarity.
his A.I. works – he sleeps throughout the whole weekend, and when Monday comes around, he feels ready for the start of Operation: TJ. He showers, shaves, wears the suit he just bought the previous week (an Armani three-piece marketed at $10,000) and steps out in the early August light, heading towards Washington.
“That’s fine, thank you anyway. Could you… give him a message from me next time you get the chance?” he asks, as following a sudden idea that has just popped into his mind. He doesn’t even know if it could work, but at least he
“Look, I agree that we could have planned our… getaway better, no doubts about it, but you have to see that keeping you in the dark is the best way to protect you…”
“So, to recap,” the guy named Hank says as soon as the lights are on again, “Howard Stark somehow got ahead of these – rings, you called them? – at one point
The flight takes about four hours – Steve could have sworn it had been shorter before – and although Tony insists on sitting in the co-pilot seat, exhaustion and fatigue have soon the best of him, and in less than fifteen minutes he’s asleep. Steve doesn’t mind, in some ways he’s actually relieved: the guy asked for a coffee, but it had seemed to him he was already running on some kind of high, considering he had been, well, frozen, for more than half a century. Plus, the moment he heard Fury’s deception, his head has started sending alarm bells nonstop. He can use the time to think things through.
With what seems to be an atrocious effort, he manages to come back to his senses, as if following an invisible trail left by the sound of that voice. Of course he can’t say for sure, but if he had to take a guess he’d say it feels like the first word a baby hears after being born.
one, hopefully to get Steve involved in a conversation that so far has been happening without him, but even if words do come out of his mouth, they also make it clear that he, for one, is still lost behind some thought in his own head.
Tony shakes his head and snuffles, having to fight another wave of tears from coming out. There will be no more evenings on the sofa, no more fighting side by side, no more sneaking out in the middle of the night to go sleep in the other’s bed. Steve is gone, and Tony is partially responsible for that, and the guilt is going to eat him alive, he can feel it already.
“It’s… It’s beautiful…” is Steve’s comment, one he realizes too late he’s spoken out loud. However, although he
Tony nods to himself, clearly satisfied by that response: “FRIDAY? Let’s play something more recent now. Let’s see… Oh, I’ve got it. Play
After that night, he doesn’t hear anymore from either Steve or Fury, which, if at the beginning doesn’t surprise him too much – he knew that the pager would stop working once they got overseas, he had designed them after all – the more time passes the more frustration it causes him, because he feels like he’s been pretty much left to his own. It doesn’t help that his situation remains precarious for about one month after Election Day, as he finds himself in a sort of limbo in which nobody tells him anything but he’s asked to ‘stay in touch’, as Mr. Grey so graciously put it. He figures he might be offered some sort of position within the new government (after all the large sum of money he
There’s a general sound of approval, then all of them, almost in an Indian line, board the jet. Tony is the last one to get on, and walks all the way up to the cabin to get a good look at it, all the buttons and lights giving him a peculiar sense of excitement. He spreads his arms across both front seats – one occupied by Hank, the other by Janet – and he probably would have stayed there for quite some time if Hank hadn’t quoted several “security regulations” that keep him from doing just that.
It’s only a few minutes later than Tony lets a deep sigh go, once he’s sure he’s completely alone again.
“… Would you mind if I held on to you again? I feel like I’m losing balance…” he explains after a moment of hesitation, because he just had a weird sensation right in the pit of his stomach when Steve gave him that look, and he has no idea
“… Uh. Interesting,” Thor’s brother comments, before a new moment of his hand sends one of the lockers against Steve’s body. “That should keep you occupied for a minute. Which is all I need, really,” he explains, and pronto he turns his attention to Tony, who instinctively takes a step back towards his suit. “Please. Don’t even try, human. That armor cannot do anything against my
it. His eyes shift on Jean now, to see how she’s doing, and for a brief moment they find each other: she’s trembling like a leaf, silently begging him to take action, and it’s only now that an idea comes to his mind, so obvious and simple that he can’t believe he hadn’t realized this is the only reasonable thing to do. The bank is connected to the police station via an alarm: underneath every counter there’s a tiny button that the cashiers can press without arising any suspicion to send the robbery signal over to both cars and headquarters. If he wasn’t being held at gunpoint, Tony would shake his head and hit his own head at his dumbness, but that will have to wait. Right now, he needs to communicate his plan to Jean without using words, just by silently hinting at the button with his glance, hoping she will be perceptive as he knows she is under ordinary circumstances.
There’s a sudden spark into Steve’s eyes that tells him yes, this is something he can most definitely do. Almost out of ideas, Tony sighs of relief as the other launches himself into a passionate account, lining more words one after the other than he’s done during the whole evening.
Just as if they were following a rule they had all agreed upon beforehand, nobody speaks a word until the last piece of sushi has disappeared from the plate and they’ve ordered dessert.
The eyepatch grumbles in forced agreement and the two of them leave the room without adding another word. Which leaves Tony to focus back on the doctor.
– but I have a few tricks up on my sleeve too,” he explains, finally opening his eyes and smiling widely as finding Steve just mere inches away, sitting on a chair with his feet up on the bed – so close to his butt that he could wriggle it with his toes if he wanted to, and oh, how Tony wishes he
But Tony is not about to let that go, and finishes the sentence in his place: “It was your plan all along, wasn’t it? This was indeed a date, you wanted it to be… Wow, I have to say, I
As pretty much every news outlet, exit poll and political commentator had anticipated, the President manages to secure four more years very easily, basically destroying his adversary who, in an unprecedented move, calls him up to concede a mere four hours after the vote counting has started. Celebrations begin almost immediately in the headquarters of the campaign: there are cheers, chants, rounds of applause and everyone is so drunk and loud and Tony hates every minute of it, but still he smiles and shakes hands and pats backs, receiving and dispensing congratulations, telling himself over and over that one day this will be over too. He sticks around as long as he possibly can, appearing on the stage as the President makes his victory speech and thanks the volunteers, then, when he starts to feel that anger and frustration are dangerously close to take over, he promptly makes his way out of the big hall, reaching the elevator and quickly stepping inside, pressing the button for his floor. Once arrived, he heads towards his room, touches the card key on the reader and, as the room unlocks, he gets in, quickly pushing the door locked. And immediately notices someone is already in there.
if he wants to get there in time, because even though it only takes him forty-five minutes to fly to NYC, the aerial field is bound to be congested as much as the roads are, which means he could still be waiting to be okayed to land by the time the clock strikes midnight.
you to create something to track me down, don’t believe them, don’t do it.” Tony pauses, letting the words sink in; he can already see Peter trying to figure out why would people want
He gives a brief nod, just to acknowledge the truth and take some time, but still it’s all a pointless effort to find a logic explanation to something that, frankly, doesn’t have one. So he lifts up a hand and places it on Steve’s cheek, barely managing to touch it, but it’s been so long that it’s enough to send shivers down his spine, and by the look on the other’s face, the feeling is reciprocated.
“Steve! Are you okay?” he yells as soon as oxygen gets into his lungs again, opening up the front of his helmet as his eyes frantically search for the other’s body, spotting it just some feet away. Stumbling along, he kneels down next to him, hand sprinting to the blonde’s chest, desperate to feel his heartbeat. It’s there, strong as ever.
“Let’s have a look…” he says, fishing a pair of reading glasses out of his pocket and wearing them. Strange gives him an amused glance as seeing them but says nothing. Tony stays silent for a while, studying the papers, then eventually nods and looks at Stephen. “Yeah, I think it might work. I’m gonna copy them now” he adds, touching a tiny button on his glasses to store them remotely before returning the papers to the Doctor. “Thanks for this. I’ll keep you posted.”
Suddenly his ears start ringing. He squeezes his eyes as if to push that noise away, but he knows it’s only in his mind. He takes a deep breath before answering, a desperate attempt to steady his shaky voice.
“I could say the same thing without even having to lie!” the other chuckles in delight, turning around the corner to the cashiers section to start counting the money. This is a banter they have almost every morning (except for when Mr. Grant is late) and although it barely changes, Tony likes hearing it over and over because it gives him some sort of inside peace just before the dull routine that could change in a split second (but never actually does) starts.
Tony stretches towards the nightstand and grabs his phone, staring at it for a few seconds as trying to decide whether to go through with it. He
“Woah, are you that cold? Here, take my coat, I don’t really need it, it was mostly just to…” Steve stops just in time, as the next few words bursting out of his mouth would have been ‘impress you’, and he’s not that confident, not with Tony anyway.
he is, and as he becomes aware of Steve’s arms still wrapped around his body, although looser than during the night, his first, irrational reaction is that he must be inside a dream, or having a vision of sorts, because surely this cannot be happening. Usually the observant kind of person, Tony has to admit to himself that focusing on details of not human nature – such as interior design or the house plan – was just as remote from his brain as it could ever be yesterday, so it’s no surprise that he doesn’t recognize the room around him. But then of course the memories of what has happened overwhelm his head, making it impossible for him to keep a smile out of his face, although it only lasts that bunch of seconds needed for the
“Damn,“ he tries to say, but his voice is just an incomprehensible mumble. What is happening?, he asks himself, and as if by magic, a voice actually replies to his question.
He’s arrived twenty minutes earlier, but that’s nothing new, it happens almost every morning, to the point that the keeper has made a joke out of it, teasing him gently the few times he hadn’t found him there already when the old man had started his shift.
“What are you doing?” he sighs, turning the light on and undoing his tie, passing Fury by on his way to the bed, letting himself go against the mattress.
, Tony thinks, but doesn’t share the thought out loud, he doesn’t want to risk the other misinterpreting it). Once they’re inside the lobby, he takes the other’s coat off his shoulders and hands it back to him with a thank you smile, then bends over the reception desk to grab the flowers again and take them upstairs.
“Un-fucking-believable…” he mutters, sitting down next to him all the same; right now, Steve could very well not be in the room and he probably wouldn’t notice: all the tiredness and the lying and the covert actions he’s had to do are directly related to the person on his right, and he just can’t let it go.
In the days and weeks that follow, Steve forgets about Tony and his strange behaviour at the hospital, his newfound passion absorbing most of his time. After an additional ten days, his cast gets taken off and he goes back to training, but he doesn’t ask for his shield, preferring to allow his body the whole length of recommended rehabilitation time before changing his status to ‘active’ again on the Avengers board. Instead, he opts to test out his body with a special DIY project: the construction of a small greenhouse to house cacti, orchids, ferns, oranges and peaches. It takes him just a little over a day to complete, and once it’s done, he plans a further visit to the garden centre, both to order its inhabitants and some decorative additions to make it homier, for lack of a better adjective.
to get married anytime soon, particularly after the president passes his bill against gay marriage, which he’s scheduled to do in just a few days’ time.
“About…?” he offers, mostly because he doesn’t know what else to say, or what she’s hinting at with her question, so he figures he’d better take a moment.
And just like that everything comes together in his mind. Not only why the fact that she was dating someone else had not caused anything except weirdness in him, but also why she had been so cool with him taking off in the first place – quite strange if you think about it for someone who is supposedly about to get married. She’s right, sometimes he can be really slow.
There’s another pause, longer this time, so much so that Tony’s focus shifts away from the man in his lab to revert to the calculations still ongoing in his own mind.
Steve’s eyes light up as he understands the hidden implication lying underneath that statement: “You mean…” he starts, but leaves the sentence hanging; because yeah, he’s old fashioned and everything, but by now he has spent enough time in the twenty-first century to know that some things are better left unsaid.
“Who’s Peter Quill?” interrupts Steve, an even bigger frown on his face now, getting lost as realizing just how much he doesn’t know and feeling like he
human. You and I and everyone else too often forget about it, so we start thinking that you can never… make mistakes or go wrong. And when that happens, we get mad at you. But the truth is… you keep trying do the right thing no matter how many times you fail, and in the end… that’s what made me fall in love with you.”
, he curses himself, because normally he manages to hold it together for a few minutes at least, but alas, today is not a normal day. He puts the flowers down – the whole area around the monument is submerged with them (so much so that it’s always half a mission for him to make his way through without stumping on any), but there’s a vase just on the right side of the picture, and that’s his designated spot, nobody ever dares to touch it – looks up at the statue and sighs deeply, the chilly breeze lashing his face with a physical pain that is a welcomed change from the constant, invisible one in his heart. He sits down on the step, lies against the icy stone, and stays silent for a few seconds longer before eventually finding the guts to talk.
He steers himself straight and goes knocking; surely enough his plan starts seeming stupid and absurd now that he’s here: Steve could well be undercover (although he has to admit he still doesn’t understand what he could possibly be doing on what looks to be a
, for lack of a better term. Doctor Pym and his wife Janet can shrink to insect-dimension, Dr. Banner turns into some sort of gigantic raging bull and Thor… well, he’s actually a semi-god, if you can believe that – Steve doesn’t, but has decided to go with the title as it seems incredibly fitting. They also have what he refers to as ‘nicknames’ – Ant-Man, Wasp and Hulk – to protect their identities, and Steve can’t help but thinking this all sounds like the superheroes he used to read about in comic books growing up. They’ve been trying to get him one too, and because he’s kept turning them down, they just call him ‘Cap’, which he doesn’t mind too much, although he still feels weird hearing it out loud, especially when they’re in the middle of a training exercise. The first couple of times he actually started laughing, and had to remind himself that this was his workplace now, he needed to be
Although this would be far too risky in normal circumstances, something useful that he has learned in these past few weeks is that all communication directed to other countries’ high levels are protected by one of the best encryptions he’s ever seen; he has never had a chance to use it before, but this makes the perfect excuse. Even if someone was listening on in his conversations, that would immediately cease as soon as someone answered on the other end of the line. It takes him a good ten minutes, but eventually he gets put through with T’Challa and, although he hasn’t had many chances to speak with the king in recent years, it surely is good to hear a friendly voice.
He does, although he half wishes he didn’t, because then he could just blame it to ignorance, or plain stupidity, and he could pretend he didn’t know any better. He nods, silently, and slips his hand into his pocket to grab his phone and dealing his chauffeur.
“Tony, listen to me, we need to get Cap to medical attention as soon as possible. He’s the only one who got hit and… well, let’s just say he’s not in perfect conditions.”
? Has he maybe served with a kid of his during his time in the Army? But that doesn’t seem to be it.
On the plane back to Arlington, Tony asks for a constant refill of coffee whenever his mug is empty and then gets working on what he has now subbed as ‘Avengers Protocol’, aka the project on which Bruce and he have been working on. He revisits all of their past annotations and calculations, making sure they’re correct, and then spends the rest of the journey working out the final touches, because now that he knows for sure that’s what is going to get him a reliable connection with his friends, he seems unable to stop until he gets it done. Plus, as he keeps repeating to himself, the sooner he passes on incriminating evidence, the sooner this joke of administration gets thrown out of the government, the sooner Steve and he can move on with their life, together. Every single time that thought hits his brain, he can’t help but smiling cheekily to himself, and his gaze unmistakably lowers down to the tags hidden underneath his shirt, which have now become the main thing he’s preoccupied with even though he’s only had them for twenty-four hours or so. He could swear he can hear them jingling against his reactor when he walks, or see them creating a peculiar reflection on the ceiling when he’s lying in bed in the darkness of his suite, or sometimes he feels them even against his bare skin, whenever a sudden movement makes them turn around his neck and end up on his back. Although at first he promises himself to take them off before going to his office, he fails at that after just a day, so he switches his ordinary colorful wardrobe to exclusively dark shirts to minimize the risk of them being spotted by people, and sprays them with a special military paint that he gets ahold of on the black market so to make them undetectable to the security screening on his way inside the Pentagon. He takes his showers, jogs, practices boxing with them on – nothing is off limits, to the point they become almost an integral part of him; the only time he doesn’t
He calls Rhodey beforehand, when he’s about half an hour out, and he’s all too glad that he doesn’t have to ask the question out loud for him to answer.
Before Thanos happened, before he saw Peter turning into dust while he was holding him, Tony would have pulled Steve inside his room for a brief moment to kiss him good luck, and the other would have complained and rolled his eyes at him because ‘
at least, or marrying them or do whatever it is that people in long term relationships do, he’s never quite understood that part.
he reprehends himself, although he cannot keep an honest smile from popping up on his lips, and he sighs softly, part of him really wishing someone would do this for real with him, because when was the last time it happened? He can’t remember, which probably means the answer is
Now realizing that this mistake has come into being, in fact, because he has let his imagination (or fears) running wild, Tony shakes his head to himself and lets out a nervous chuckle, because he knows that he has to own what he just confessed moments earlier.
The idea had come to Joseph one cold winter morning when he had to go and pick his son up from school, after they had called to tell him Steve had a fever so high his eyes were like glass. On the drive back home, Joseph kept throwing glances over to the scrawny kid sitting in the backseat. Why was he so slim, weak and emaciated? Worry and anger are a dangerous mix, especially when associated with a less than ideal mental state. His son looked like a breeze could easily sweep him away. What would happen to him once the soviets revealed their master plan and dropped an atomic bomb on New York City? What then? Right in that moment, Joseph felt it was his
Grey tells him the number, and it’s indeed way beyond his expectations. Of course, he’ll have to talk to Pepper and see the numbers of the stocks and the Industries, but he can’t pull out, not now, so he’ll have to come up with a way to make it happen, one way or the other.
to. He stays silent, to avoid irreparable damage, and so does Steve, never one to initiate a conversation when it’s not absolutely necessary – or when he’s not exactly sure that opening his mouth is the best solution.
about it even though he has already made up his mind and doesn’t see the point in keeping lying anyway; besides, he’s actually
He does. And for a while they just sit there, next to each other, in religious silence. But it’s a comfortable one this time. which neither of them minds. Pretty soon Tony’s head gently falls on top of Steve’s shoulder, and after just a few seconds blond hair starts tickling his forehead, making him smile.
… god, why is this so hard to say out loud even when I’m clueless whether you can actually hear me right now or not…” he wonders, shaking his head to himself and leaning back to sit on his heels, gaze falling off Steve to find the floor as he crosses his arms over his knees and lowers his forehead against them.
But if nothing else, his outburst has the effect to shake Steve a bit, mostly latching onto his self-respect, because without any further solicitation he actually mirrors Tony’s move, his thumb tentatively caressing the other’s palm. It’s a sweet albeit awkward attempt which attenuates his outburst, so much so that he feels the need to say something: “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to lash out, patience is not my… strongest suit.”
Thor frowns, looking more perplexed than him, and is about to reply when T’Challa precedes him, making it clear that he
to come up with a strategy based on what he knows about Loki and his powers – Thor had been somewhat useful in this regard, if you had the patience to sit through the first ten minutes of rambling – but inevitably his thoughts keep drifting off to the man next to him. How
everything is, and the thought sends an involuntary shiver down his spine. Of course, new buildings always sound so
