He flipped open a few more tabs, excited to see more headlines.
"Just tell me what you see in the image."
Tony frowned.  He hated to admit it, but Clint was right.  "But I'm happy he was born."
post-serum. Steve had never liked the way they'd peer over their notepads at him; it always made him feel a little degraded.
A chilled feeling had settled in Steve's stomach, and he almost felt sick. The back of his neck burned. It wasn't pleasant. "You..." he ignored the question about the Commandos. They'd been a mix of betas and Alphas and they'd been the best people Steve had ever met. He still remembered first meeting Dum Dum and grinning at the guy's mustache. He'd clapped a hand heavily on Steve's shoulder like he was an equal.
Gently, Steve set the rabbit back down in the box to keep it safe in there.
"Well, if they don't hit it off, they don't have to get bonded," said DeSoto.  "Every year at least one or two are returned. The auction's only for a little while, you know, a courting thing.
"Fantastic," said Louis.  "Alright... we're going to do this pretty free-form and then edit later.  Sound good? We might need to do a few segments a couple of times. Go ahead and start rolling, Em."  He nodded to one of the camera operators, then settled down into an armchair, crossing his legs and placing his hands on his knee.  "So, I'm sitting here with Captain Steve Rogers in his Malibu home, where Steve's here to dispel some of the prevailing myths that follow omegas even into the twenty-first century.  Steve, you're in preheat now, correct? Why don't you tell us a bit about the experience of an omega from your generation?"
She set him down on a couch in his shop and went upstairs to consult JARVIS.  "Why isn't Tony speaking?" she demanded.
"I don't know."
Tony felt so much calmer after talking with Pepper. Steve almost felt bad that he couldn't have the same effect on him - but they had known each other for years and Steve had been the source of all the stress in the first place. He had no reason to feel inadequate about it. Steve was just honestly grateful Tony was calmer.
bedroom. It made him feel giddy to think it.
"It wouldn't be so bad if they just wouldn't bring it up every single time," said Tony suddenly.  "It's like... no one appreciates that that was a near-death experience.  They all wanna know what it was like and I can't say,
he read.  "...well, that answers that.  ...we should still seriously be more careful with the condom thing, though."  Tony set an alarm on Steve's phone. "Okay... we got a few hours. G'night, omega.  Love." He kissed the back of Steve's neck, inhaling the scent once again. To a beta, Steve wouldn't smell any different or any stronger than a regular person, but to Tony, it was like inhaling some delicious sort of perfume.  It made him feel excited and sexual before they mated, and sleepy and comforted afterward.
Steve almost felt tears well up in his eyes and swallowed down a lump in his throat. He lifted Tony's hand up and kissed the backs of his fingers. "I will," he whispered. Alphas who did that kind of thing were the weakest type of person in Steve's mind and he couldn't wait to watch so many of them topple down from their high horses.
Banksy nodded, having nothing funny to say and Boswell looked a little sobered up, even with the hat on his head.
The slot was small but big enough for his hand, if only just. Steve reached out and pushed his fingertips through it. "Will... will you hold my hand?" Steve whispered. "Buck? It would make me feel a hell of a lot better..."  He tried for a smile but he just looked sad. "Please?"
"Aside from SNL and some speeches," Aria nodded to Rhodey in greeting without breaking stride in her words, "you don't have anything planned between now and your anniversary, so enjoy the well deserved semi-break."
The bored stifled a yawn, apparently unfazed by the going-ons around her. "So what's the deal with breakfast...?"
first drink was a Bud Light.  That's a bit more typical, eh?  ...how bout you, Stark?" asked George.
"Your loss."  Tony pulled milk out of the fridge, humming to himself.   "So it's decided, we're all going up to the lodge today."
Sure, Steve got that
"...me too," he muttered quietly, reaching for Steve's hand.
"They found something. Under the surface. They think it's still there, or at least, part of it is," Phil said. Steve was sitting on the edge of an MRI bench, vision spinning a little after having been in the scanner for almost an hour.
working with or for HYDRA, then I'd fight him. Like I did before. And if I can somehow help him, then...well, Bucky needs help. He doesn't need a mate. He's not even a person, not the man I spoke to. They fucked with his head. They did things they had no right to do. And however attached he was to me I assure you he was far more attached to his
"Standard procedure, Captain," said Phil quietly.  "And we'll need blood and urine samples. They drugged you, badly.  We need to make sure..." He trailed off.
"The war's never over."
Louis got up with a small sigh.  "It's okay, I've seen it all. Everyone, take a break..."  He gave Aria an almost apologetic smile. "My wife's heats are terrible."
Tony got shrugged off again and he got up just in time to see the omega's hand shove into the guy's chest and rip out his heart.
"Cool!  Can I come?"
If there was one thing Steve got out of therapy sessions, it was mulling over how different things were in the future.  What was normal and what wasn't, and how it compared to his own century.  That, at least, he got something out of.
"I don't--"
Pepper sighed fondly. "Those kind of Alphas. They're a different breed. You're going to put in a whole room full of Malicks, where no one respects you as a person, Steve."
She laughed suddenly.  For a split second, she wasn't scary; she looked like a typical teenage girl.  "You are the only person in my whole life who's ever said I was normal," she said, smiling at him, and he smiled back, and the two of them leaned in to each other's shoulders and somehow fell asleep on the rough wooden benches in the back of the truck.
"Pressing the glands activates an artificial pre-heat.  I advise against any more mating as your pulse is currently 175," reported JARVIS.
"Он в безопасности. Ты знаешь свое имя?"
Steve looked at her like she'd just said no to getting a puppy.
Someone patted his chest.  The room was resolving slowly, its surroundings shockingly familiar.  The wallpaper was beige, the furniture light tan, the floor hardwood. It was small, cozy.  Steve knew this apartment. He knew this apartment very, very well, because he'd lived here throughout his childhood.
He planted his feet on the floor and got up, moving his right shoulder to give it a pop.  Tony could crack his right shoulder like normal people could crack knuckles and he did so frequently, mostly because it always made Pepper wince.
"Oh my God! Banksy!"
"Why do act like a servant?" Steve asked before getting up and walking over to fetch his phone. DeSoto scowled.
Bucky's eyes widened in horror.  "
Tony wondered how in the hell Natasha dealt with Clint being dragged out on missions, all alone.  If someone tried to take Steve to New Mexico by himself, Tony would lose it.  Supposedly, though, those feelings got easier to handle with time.
"Hey," Steve's voice was soft and his touch magnetic as he curled Tony up in his arms. "Sitwell, can you piss off this? Please?"
Rex half jumped in his seat.
He'd already made his New Year's resolution.
"I'm so
Tony had polished off one scotch and had slowed down; he was sipping on the second one placidly.  Three or four shots in, he had no apparent signs of inebriation. His tolerance had gone up significantly, thanks to two months alone in Colorado.
"Very well, Captain," JARVIS said.
Tracy peered at him. "Say it. Say fuck. I've never even heard you swear Steve! Do you ever swear?"
"Coulson," she corrected, striding across the room.  "I'll take care of him; we have a flight booked for this evening; Tony, do you need to go to the hospital?"
"Is he happy?" Trickshot croaked.
again. Steve kept up a steady pace, exiting through the wrought-iron gates and following the curve of the Pacific Coast Highway down toward the shore. He was soon on the beach side. They was a few other odd joggers, and he passed an old couple. No one seemed to be recognizing him; he was blending in fine. The sun was warm as it kissed his skin too. Maybe he would finally get a tan.
Once he was certain that Tony was settled and not actually waking up he headed back downstairs to grab his portion of the Thai food. He heated it up and ate it whilst checking out a show named
Tony's eyes watered and he reached over to hug Fury.
"I heard about the Leo Rothstein charity.  I'm impressed.  The WORC would like to match funds with you.  In this country, there's a tragic lack of access to basic resources for our status.  I spoke with the chairman of the Horseshoe Council-- that's another omega rights watchdog org-- and they're on board as well," she said firmly.  "Whenever you and Stark set up your benefits dinner-- I spoke to Miss Potts about it last week-- let us know and we'll pitch in."
Kerry scribbled another cue card.
"Bucky would want you to live your life again Steve," Phil said. "Now... could you lift him onto a stretcher for us?"
"...what
"How many drinks have you had?"
"Drink some water.  Stop looking at me like that," she snapped impatiently.
The door slammed open and a young woman strode in.  She was wearing black pants and a crisp white shirt with a shoulder-holster.  She flashed a badge at one of the protesting nurses.  Her hair was tied back in a non-nonsense bun and her eyes flashed a sharp, intelligent blue.  "Agent Maria Hill," she snapped at the nurse.  "Rogers, what the hell? You were supposed to be honeymooning!"
He didn't think this was a big deal; truthfully, he wasn't even interested in getting off personally.  He just wanted to pleasure Steve and then hit up Banksy's party. It would take, what, ten minutes? Was this a lateness thing or something else?
"But I want Giddy," Donner insisted, his voice weak and small. "He's all I have."
Tony considered Steve's question  "Well... the thing is... weapon designing, it kind of draws Alphas.  I never thought about it.  Yeah.  I guess most of my fans are Alphas.  That's not my fault, though.  I mean, most of
She'd brought the ship to a hover.
guy to go so I--" He pinched the bridge of his nose. "A little birdie told me that a certain omega who looks like a certain captain might be back on the market."
owner of Steve's uterus was the United States government all along.  So it doesn't matter what I want because that's between Steve, Bucky, and Uncle Sam."
Brennan shot him a sympathetic look over her shoulder.
," Steve groaned as the head squeezed inside of him. He shuddered, his back arcing in pleasure as Tony slowly slid deep into his ass. He probably could have done with a little prep but Steve appreciated the low burn in that moment. "This is just for you.  Just for you," he murmured, voice shaky. "Just for you, Tony; only you get to see this."
Alphas or betas from the rallies, but... all the meetings and everything are omega-only," explained Pepper.  "Status Alliance formed in the eighties and they were one of the major lobbies behind getting arranged bonding outlawed.  They consider the Horseshoe Society to be too moderate... HS has been around since the fifties so I guess from their perspective, things have gotten a lot better, but the Alliance is mostly younger members and they're a lot more uncompromising."
Tony hovered outside Steve's door, unmoving, waiting.  "Yeah, well... it's the truth." He paused. The truth.  "Nick. Can I talk to you?"
Did he kneel for Bucky, too?
"An artist?  What kind of artist?  Cake artist? Floral arrangers?  Ice sculptors?" asked Tony, cocking his head.  Lately Aria had seemed a bit stand-offish. He wasn't sure why.  She was hard to read.
DeSoto appeared to being enjoying himself, even with Tony's telling off. Maybe he was enjoying not being around his Alpha, having a change of scene...or maybe he thought he really was a 'good' omega and thought he was setting the right kind of example for Steve. Whatever the reason, it bothered Steve...just like the pink scars on the man's shoulder. He knew him and Tony screwed up and sometimes upset each other but the thought of fighting, of Tony
"Donner, will you be alright without me here?" Steve asked, sounding genuinely bad for it.
He checked his phone quickly.
"Absolutely not," said Tiberius, shaking his head.  "Even if my smell weren't so upsetting, I don't want to be anywhere near those camps.  Too many bad memories."
Steph beamed.  "Thanks... this time it's me.  Trent's the father. But he still requested time off to help out with the baby, and his boss flat-out refused.  Said that omegas took advantage of the system and that he'd already used up all his maternity leave. Which is ridiculous, because Reggie was born three years ago.  It's not like a beta couldn't have two kids in three years. We're completely entitled to that leave but his boss just is not budging. And I feel like this is honestly because Trent's an omega and because there was a lot of, you know, a lot of awkwardness three years ago, since he was carrying a baby that wasn't mine.  He worked right up until he was eight months along and some people get uncomfortable seeing a male omega pregnant. Not that I have any evidence that that's what it is. It's just a gut feeling."
"Omega!"  Tony shoved a hand beneath the waistband of Steve's sweatpants, writhing against him, lapping at his neck.
Steve felt a chill run down his spine. And then, before he could even whip around, there was something piercingly hot digging into his ankle and he was dragged to the ground with a
Tony stared, horrified.  "But... but you guys are like... like this."  He laced his fingers together to indicate closeness.
Steve downed plenty of water himself, sighing in relief as the cool liquid slipped down his throat. It was a wonderful feeling. "Thank you," he told Pietro and he meant it.
"Please Bucky?" Steve asked in a murmur. He let Bucky nose against his neck and admittedly shivered at the sensation. He would have felt guilty about this a month ago but Tony had made it pretty goddamn clear he didn't want him anymore, that he didn't care about him. He was still hyperly aware of the fact that Bucky wasn't himself. He didn't even know who he sat cosied up against anymore.
The aggression he'd felt initially was fading into a dull sense of defeat.  Of helplessness. Steve was going to do this no matter how well he argued against it.
Tony gave a dazed smile; three Alphas were patting him and laughing, clearly amused by his brashness.  Eric reached over, picked up the collar, and handed it back to Tony. Tony looked up at Steve, smile widening.
"She's coming to Stark Expo on Friday to perform," Aria said, talking as if she was reading off her laptop screen. How was she being so calm about this? Steve was astounded. He really should have given her a heads up but she wasn't even annoyed that he hadn't. "You could meet her then, chat about omega rights and being blonde... whatever you guys actually have in common."
"He does that?" asked Aria with alarm.
There was a click, a release, and Tony was free from the gantry, enclosed in his suit, like a deep-sea diver, removed from the world by hundreds of pounds of metal gears.  He'd never felt claustrophobic in the helmet; the detachment from the real world was actually sort of comforting.
He huffed a little, shifting to get more comfortable, trying to squash those thoughts, continue to ride out the calm afterglow of sex.
." He said, creating little quotation marks in the air. He kind of felt bad for not getting the environment stuff so much. The concept of recycling was wild to him; society wasted so much compared to the forties, and the
Callum went to take the next shot and fucked it up royally. Charlotte downed the rest of her drink and let out a withered sigh.
"But I got him somewhere safe. SHIELD couldn't help. Natasha said she had nowhere. I
"She's perfect," Steve whispered and almost felt like crying again for an entirely different reason.
Jed knelt in front of him.  "Yoo-hoo. Steve. ...Steve, are you okay?  You haven't eaten today, have you?" Her expression was one of concern.  "I know," she said, quietly, reaching out to touch his shoulder. "This is hard.  It's hard to see. ...come on. You at least need some water, it might hit a hundred degrees today..."
"...I'm okay," said Tony quietly.  "Thanks though." He closed his eyes, listening to the ocean, enjoying the cool breeze.  The sand was soft and cool beneath him but slowly heating up from the warmth of their bodies (mostly Steve's), and the world was rocking in that pleasant way it did when Tony was drunk.  He slipped an arm around Steve's waist, ready to fall asleep, aware that Steve would take care of him if he did.
, Nat. I swear. The serum got rid of it. I didn't feel it anymore-"
"Who said that?" demanded Tony, pointing into the crowd.  "That's not even
) and he felt like, sometime before Obadiah's death, he must have played it on the grand piano downstairs.  It made Tony feel uneasy. He hadn't played the piano since Obadiah's death.
always ask Sam, but he was afraid of the answer.
"Y'all heard, now step aside," said Lawrence.  He turned and nodded to the team behind him.
"It's a shame I can't join Status Alliance, I think some of their work is really fascinating.  The year before you were frozen there was a huge rally in Washington, Phil, do you remember?"
Then he heard the soft creak of the stairs outside (something very few normal people would hear) and straightened up just as Donner shuffled into the room. He was just in his shirt and trousers, the waistcoat gone along with his shoes. Least he looked more relaxed...even if his face didn't show it.
That made Tony pause.
Good counting!" said Dora.
blowing up in my-"
Laura moved to stand up. "Why don't I make a round of coffee?"
Steve finished the apple and chucked the chore into the bin in the corner with a perfectly aimed throw. He sucked apple juice off his forefinger and glanced back up at Tony's question. "Hm? Oh."
Steve ducked his head a little, offering up the lock at the back for Tony to reach.
"Sorry." Steve lifted up his head, fingers steepled under his chin. His eyes narrowed a fraction. "It's been a long day."
Sitwell cringed noticeably.  "Not much fazes you, does it?" he said to Pepper, sounding slightly annoyed at her unflappability.
"Steve, where are you?  Is Tony there?  I know he's not at home because Happy just went over to find him.  Is he okay?  ...Steve?" demanded Pepper.  There was neither anger nor confusion in her tone, yet.  Just pure professionalism.  Being Tony's PA for a decade had left her with a perfect poker face and voice to match.
Although being bonded meant they were sensitive to each other's bad moods... it also meant that they were sensitive to other emotions, like arousal.  They were feeding into each other's sense of excitement and anticipation and the build-up was amazing. Tony had never had this with another partner; with Steve, Tony was capable of getting right to the brink of orgasm without ever even touching himself or being touched.  No one had ever mentioned to him that being bonded meant amazing sex. If they had, he might have considered it sooner.
"We're kidders, we like to kid around, Tony's my buddy," explained Justin.  "He's great, he's a great guy, he's gorgeous, you know... a gorgeous mind..."
"Well, I hope you have a warrant--"
to do because I feel like half the shit
"You haven't heard a word I've said, have you?"
The pool had been a good idea.
"...he's not gonna bet me, Fred."
"Tony," hissed Pepper.  "Steve doesn't want Bucky.  He wants
"She's like obsessed with both you guys," Derick (her boyfriend) said, grinning. Jane hit his arm, turning a little red.
"When's the next mission?" asked Steve.
it. I've never wanted it from anyone else." Maybe Peggy could have been his mate... if he'd lived. If they'd gotten to know each other outside the chaos of war. But that future was taken from them by HYDRA. And Peggy had grown up, lived a full, rich life without him. It had worked out in the end.  "I chose you and that's not changing. If you hadn't noticed already, I'm stubborn as hell. I know I'm impulsive, but I like to think I have good intentions," Steve breathed. "Ever since I can remember, all I ever wanted to do was the right thing. And I want to do the right thing by you.  ...and I don't mean to cause trouble." He blushed a little.
"Just to be clear, we're going to get Steve.  Not to engage the Winter Soldier," said Natasha, who had an idea of what Tony was after.
He smiled a little at Tony calling him the best omega. Obviously his opinion was bias but it still felt good to hear it.
Clint remained silent.
"You're worrying an awful lot about some kids who just tried to kill you."
"You know, the weird thing is, I sort of... vaguely remember talking to Ron last night and something he said about DeSoto really interested me.  But I can't for the life of me remember what it was. ...I should probably lay off the drinking." Tony sipped froth off the lip of the can.
. Like really, really
But Steve, at least, had the wherewithal to break apart and Tony found the two of them gazing lovingly at each other.  Steve's face was flushed and he was smiling softly and his blue eyes were sparkling and Tony wished he could throw him down right now and bite his neck all over again.
He realized that Steve was kneeling in front of him.  He stared down at the super soldier, on one knee, looking up at him.  Blue eyes through long lashes, every blond hair perfectly in place.  Their eyes met.  They were having a
He loved Pepper, yeah.  But he loved her very differently than Steve.  Didn't Steve get that?
. Good in a way he wasn't used to.
"He...
"...oh.  Oh, wow, yes, that would do it."
Tony heard the tentative knock and briefly considered telling Steve to go away.
"What, he won't have sex with an omega in heat?  Come on, that's a base instinct. The two of them were making out earlier and no one asked them to--"
Tony caught Steve's eye and grinned back.  "Taylor's adorable, right?  I would totally do it.  ...is she eighteen?  JARVIS!  When was Taylor Swift born?"
He didn't want to be seen kissing another man.  Yes, this was Alpha and omega, this was
He almost flinched when Tony snarled at him.
She walked out of the room and, less than a few moments later, Dr. Gleason walked in, a newspaper tucked under his arm.
?"  He grabbed a potted plant to steady himself but just turned it over onto the Persian rug, spilling dirt everywhere.  "
He floated back onto his back, holding the beer on his stomach.  The bottle was already perspiring under the sun.  Tony felt slightly uncomfortable, having his unusual lifestyle highlighted, because he knew perfectly well that Steve had grown up in a crappy one-bedroom tenement building in Brooklyn and had probably always done everything for himself.  The idea was baffling to Tony; he had no idea how to iron a shirt or wash a dish or sort out recyclables or tune a piano or dust a mantle-place or any of that stuff.  He took it for granted that he could throw laundry on the floor and leave empty take-out boxes in the shop and that they would mysteriously take care of themselves.  He didn't even know if he had a hamper; clothes and dishes and trash blinked in and out of existence in the Stark household without a second thought.
The soldier opened his eyes to find the omega watching him.
It was an innocent question-- she was a beta-- but Tony felt like she might as well have reached across the table and slapped him.  How the fuck did he respond to that?  Tony had no concept of "family."  His parents had been distant and he'd lost them long ago.  He had no siblings.  Technically, he supposed, he and Steve were "family" because they were pair-bonded, but there had been no ceremony and no plan; it had just happened.  Tony had never had a family and never really wanted one.
"Okay, okay!"  Tony shut off the link with Natasha.  "JARVIS, give me base-wide speaker access, I need to make an announcement."  He paused.
"And don't do drugs or have sex in the house," Aria added and Steve's eyes widened.
Even though they were.
But, irony of ironies... Alphas didn't beg.
thought Tony.  He giggled slightly.  Steve was watching him; he smothered his laughter.
"Maybe we should call Gleason. He can't be far," Maria murmured.
of one if the situation arose again.
?  C'mon, me and Doug won't tell, will we, Doug?"
Steve whined loudly when Tony bit down, a tremor running down his spine. The feeling was almost overwhelming and his cock twitched where it was curved against his thigh. His entrance clenched around Tony. Steve felt almost too hot, especially in all the clothes.
"He's got a-- a broken dick?" said Tony helplessly
"Well, as an ex-weapons designer-- oh, hi, Christine!  This is... uh... well, she's from the New Yorker and she's from... did you say Huffington, darling?  This is Christine-- from-- from Vanity Fair? Right?-- as I was saying, changed is a strong word, I think this just demonstrates what I already--"
"I feel much better," Tony reassured Steve.  "...I'm just gonna have some toast or something to settle my stomach and then we can go down to--"  DeSoto had already sprung to his feet. "--I can toast bread, DeSoto, sit back down-- go down to the conference.  DeSoto, when do the auction... people... when do they show up?"
"We should get you back in on the simulator," Sitwell mused, half to himself. "It might help us...work things out."
"We're awake.  We're fine.  ...nothing leaves this car, got it Hap?"
"Hey," he said finally, his gaze focusing on Tony's face as he became of his surroundings once again.  "Please don't use that to stop me talking," Steve said, voice quiet and almost hurt as he looked away, gaze downcast onto the floor as a frown found its way onto his features.
"Steve's a good omega," growled Tony, pressing Steve down into the couch.
Tony literally stole the words right out of Steve's mouth.
"...and here you're already helping me find him," said Fury, glaring at Steve.  "Come on, hurry it up, let's go--"
"Scarface," said Tony.  "An absolutely classic.  It's a... action-drama, I guess?  The main character's name is also Tony.  ...hey, wait here real quick, okay?"  He rolled out of bed, hissed in pain, and limped into the bathroom.
and he didn't like it.
before I die, that should be easy, no problem, Dad was always very, you know,
"Okay... three... two... one!"
"Yes, sir?"
Shoving his tie aside, he unbuttoned his shirt to check the arc reactor.  Several dark red streaks were emanating off of his chest.  Tony felt sick to his stomach; he buttoned his shirt back up, trying to control the shaking in his hands, and splashed some cold water on his face.
Maybe it was being cooped up in a house so long, maybe it was...
He felt a chill.  He couldn't buy all of them.  He couldn't get ten million by tonight.  Steve had said to try to save the youngest but they all looked around the same age, eighteen or nineteen.  How did he choose? Should he get the ones that looked weakest? Strongest? Smartest? Most attractive? Should he bet against people he knew would abuse them, like Ron, DeSoto's Alpha?  How did you make that kind of judgement call?
"Help," demanded Tony, unable to formulate any better words.
"Yeah," agreed Tony, reaching for the radio.
else he felt like he might explode. He needed to go faster, take more of Tony- he
"...hey.  You okay?" ventured Tony.  He sat up. Steve's expression was faraway.  Shit. Was he having a flashback or something?  Tony knew Steve could occasionally be weird about water, since he'd technically drowned before, but Tony had thought he'd mostly gotten over than phobia.
Steve thought grimly.
"Then we'll go somewhere else," said Tony with alarm.  He wheeled around.  "EVERYONE OUT!" he yelled.
He woke up lying on the floor.  There was a shiny pair of dress shoes in front of him.
"N-no," sniggered Tony, shoving Gleason's hand away.  He cleared his throat, trying to regain his composure.  "Pepper, turn around, I'm pulling out my dick."
"Just calm down," Steve said gently. He curled his arms around Tony and tugged him against him, peppering kisses along his jaw before nosing at his neck in a calming gesture. "It's okay Tony. I promise." With the pads of his thumbs he brushed away all possible threat of tears. "You make me feel different, too."  He nudged their noses together. "I never thought I would kneel for anyone. I never thought I would even have sex with an Alpha, that I'd ever want to," Steve admitted softly. "But you changed everything and after my heat I couldn't ignore it anymore.  It's the scent-mate thing."
The blond was curled up on the ground staring at him, and his voice was fearful, and Tony was starting to doubt his aptitude as Death.  Death wasn't supposed to be afraid.  Granted, ripping a guy's heart out was a very Death-like thing to do, but now Death looked terrified and he was saying they had to get out.
with the way things are... I'm worried he's going to cause trouble for those of us that are grateful for what we have.  He doesn't represent me. I don't
"You got distracted because someone mentioned Trickshot."
Natasha always said he was oversensitive. Warned him he needed to get a grip on controlling his feelings.
"He's too good for Stark," he said, left fist clenching.
A rush of footsteps stormed past their door. Steve lifted his head up and moved his hands to cup Bucky's cheeks. "SHIELD is here and you have to decide what you're going to do." It had to be his team. No one else would have found this godforsaken base in the middle of nowhere.
There was a slam; both of them looked up.  Pietro stopped mid-stride, but it was another omega.
"Who got you drunk?
bedroom?
"No."
"It's my birthday," said Tony.
"T'Challa is the crown prince, not the king.  T'Chaka's the one who specifically requested to speak to Tony.  And I want to emphasize, he's not angry, he knows you're not behind this... he just wants to strategize with you about preventing--" began Rhodey, but Tony wasn't listening.
"One to ten scale."
," Steve whispered, sounding terribly sad all of a sudden.
He was tense.  Prepared to receive his due.  The worst-case scenario was the chair, a re-training session.  But he also expected to be slapped around a bit.  They did that, when they were frustrated.  He wasn't looking forward to it.  He healed quickly, but nonetheless, he'd had surgery recently; the eye that had gone fuzzy was fixed but he still got terrible headaches behind it, and his teeth were delicate after the doctor's attention to them.
"Hey," Phil stepped out of the cockpit, a light in his eyes. "I think we've found something."
A pause, then a world-weary sigh.  Hearing Tony admit any sort of weakness was not something Clint could take lightly.  "Okay, fine.  Five-minute crash course and then you'll leave me alone and leave the line open and untampered with.  Deal?"
He decided to go check the orchid situation.  He got up and walked over to the back door, pulling it open; he nearly slammed into Pepper.
"Stay safe, Steve.  Get well soon, okay?" With that she hung up and Steve glanced up to see Tony in the doorway with a tray in his hands. He smiled weakly when he recognized the smell.
.  We don't have money, we don't have families that want us.  If we don't get an Alpha, then we'll end up on the street. It's not easy to be an omega; you should know that!  But it's even hard to be poor. It's harder not to have any support or safety net. That's something I doubt you know anything about,
He flopped back onto the bed, pondering what the hell Clint wanted and why Steve was getting treated so nicely.  Then it hit him all over again: Steve had been force-bonded and Clint was reaching out to him, one omega to another.
"You two are bonded.  You ought to be able to.  I don't think Sitwell can give us any more intel than we've already got," said Phil.
"You look so good in blue," he said lovingly, reaching up to finger Steve's throat, to trace the line of his collar.
Maybe they had been sent in error.  Maybe they weren't even for him and Steve.  Without a card, there was no way to know, really.
"It doesn't matter if you remember it or not, Stevie," he said softly.  "All that matters is that it's over and done and we're back here now." A pause.  "...you should get a Mike Tyson facial tattoo. Fury would probably just lay down and die."  Tony tried to smile but couldn't quite. "...do you know who Mike Tyson is? ...he's a boxer.  He has a facial tattoo."
Steve had been listening to Fury
In the bed, Tony curled up on his side, tugging more sheets around himself.  He'd grown up on Long Island, in the lap of luxury; he'd never witnessed the kind of discrimination Steve had, in Brooklyn.  To Tony, omegas were servants, but they were generally treated well.  Unlike Steve, Tony had no real concept of omegas facing any actual hardships.  It simply wasn't part of his life experience.
Then again, lately, Tony had been hauling around helmets and gauntlets and things to work, as if convinced he might get kidnapped again.  It had only been two years since his ordeal.
"I can do whatever I goddamn well like.
Ludheim!"  He stormed off again, stumbling a little, then whipped around.  "ебать этого кролика, солдат!"
"Come on. Come on Alpha. You know where you belong.
the reason you couldn't even remember me."
"Okay, fair enough," said Gene.  "I'll put you down, Richard... where do you want to meet?  If you're not interested in bonding, do you still think you might want to spent the night with him?  Because I could arrange for you two to get a hotel room, if you wanted. You could reimburse me later for it."
The man laughed, then stuck out a hand.  "I'm Eric."
They hadn't used a condom.
Nothing was stopping him, actually.  It was their honeymoon; they could do whatever they wanted, right?
Tony was teasing, lightly, but the music and the rhythm of their swaying, not to mention the champagne, made him feel drowsy, and he lapsed into silence.  He reached up to put a hand on the back of Steve's head, to bring it down to rest on his shoulder. A slightly awkward pose for both of them, because Tony had to stretch and Steve had to bend his knees a little.  Still, pleasant, holding Steve like this, feeling the warm weight of his body.
"There's no way for that to be leaked, though.  It's only between us and SHIELD," said Pepper hastily.
"That doesn't mean you stoop to his level," Aria said, refilling his glass.
With a lot of huffing they got Steve up the stairs. He could sort of walk himself, but Mac had to tug Steve's arm over his shoulders in order to get him up to the bedroom. Tiberius carried Tony up with Happy, and then they left the mated pair in their room whilst a significant group of people congregated downstairs.
But before Buck could use it, Steve had flicked away his cigarette and gone back inside and he was standing there alone, trying to figure out how in the hell that scrawny, wheezy little guy he'd bonded with all those years ago had turned in the captain, who, as far as Buck could tell, was utterly flawless.
"I think we should leave," Steve hummed. "I don't like her and Tony can just get home visits from a doctor no problem, right?"
"He talks about me
better, lighter on his feet than he had been in a while. Steve felt an odd sense of relief wash over him.
omegas, but Steve was doubtful that the little plastic stick could truly tell him anything.
"Because you and I have flight capability," said Sam.
Steve didn't accept the apology and Tony didn't expect him to.
“...soap boxes?” said Tony, sipping his drink.  “Everyone has their pet causes, you know.  My old man, him and Obadiah and Captain America and Margaret Carter, they were all about patriotism, God and glory and country… and omega rights, I guess.  But that’s not my soap box.  My cause is… I don’t know.  I guess accountability?  Accountability for arms dealers, and, you know, renewable energy.  Those are really big causes, by the way.  I’m not slacking off here.  I just can’t do it all.  I have to pick my battles.  And I don’t even know any omegas, anyway.  I mean, my dad, he had Jarvis, so I get where he was coming from, Jarvis was a great butler and everything, and we had Ana, too… but I don’t have anyone like that now, so what do I care?”  Tony held up a hand.  “Yeah, yeah, I have you.  But trust me, Stan, you’re not Jarvis.  ...everyone jokes about how much I wanna save the world, but I can only do so much, you know?  I’m one guy, flying around in a tin can, making things go boom.  I can’t fix every fucking problem in the world.  And it’s not like omegas have it that bad anymore, anyway.  Most of you guys seem happy enough.  Accountability in the weapons trade is way more important.”  Tony nodded to himself.  “I don’t want my dad’s causes; I don’t want to pick up the mantle and fight his battle.  I want my own soap box.  Which is… y’know, this.”  Tony moved his tie aside and tapped his arc reactor.
Steve was still worried about Tony though. He turned to face him. "You wanna call it a day? We can call it a day."
Granite's eyes opened and her eyes, crystal-blue like Steve's and Donner's, roved around without focusing.
He hung up and turned to speak to his soldier, only discover he was missing.  He looked around, confused. "--Maximoff! Where are the boys?" he demanded, shading his eyes against the sun.
Fury, Hill, and two other agents were walking in.  Behind them trailed Phil; he gave Steve a nod.
"...so, uh, I guess I didn't win the race, huh?" asked Tony, looking up from the devastation on the track.
wasn't the only one who was force bonded in there."
"--also I have something for you.  It's not a Christmas present. It's something I think you'll want.  I'm at your place now. Clint and I have a safehouse we go to, as soon as I drop it off we're out of here.  ...and you might not want to let Tony see."
Tony looked over.  Jasper Sitwell was leaning against the balcony, smoking a cigarette.  Tony frowned and inched away, hating the smell.
"Wanda, please, there's something wrong with him-- don't--" begged Pietro.
Steve sighed in relief as he bottomed out, giving his body exactly what it needed. "Fuck," he whispered, grinding his hips down and drawing Tony in deeper.
"Right. I've labelled everything and put the right pills into boxes," Gleason said, setting everything out on the breakfast bar. "How are we doing?"
Well, ha, not on the record anyway.
"Hey," he breathed, like he was just realizing for the first time. "I love you too."
"You're doing fine, Howie."
Tony tried to reply, forgetting his mouth was full, so instead he made a muffled sound of dismissal.  He pulled off Steve quickly, forgetting they were knotted, yanking Steve with him painfully, and a second later the two of them had crashed to the ground.
"Support for what?" he asked, raising a brow. "Like... for Alphas who have to deal with... this?" It made sense. Steve knew that Tony was trying to put on a brave face. "That sounds like a good idea," Steve hummed and moved to brush his fingers against Tony's hand in a silent apology that'd rejected the touch to his neck.
"He's insisting it was... a reasonable interpretation of what you wanted."
Fury looked over at Steve's flowers, glaring at them, voice softening to a dangerous level.  "...now you listen up, Captain. Listen real good. You better start planning out a strategy for damage control because right now, so help me God, I'm ready to put your ass right back into that iceberg where they found you.  Consider this talk your official warning. If you weren't as much of a beloved icon as you are, trust me, your ass would be locked up right now and the key would be melted down to make commemorative coins. You take whatever deal you get because I can tell you already that you're going to get a hell of a lot more leniency than you should and that you already have.  And you better have one hell of a speech prepared for the psychologist when she comes around here to interview you in a couple of hours. Any questions?"
"Kerry!" A beta male in round glasses was looking most displeased still. "What are you going to do about my salad?"
He knew SHIELD would pissed about this. That Fury would probably kill him. But Steve didn't care. They'd been spying on him, when he was on
He grabbed a small bottle of liquor from the bar on their way to the garage.  He was practically vibrating.  Steve had seen Tony manic plenty of times, but every time was a little unsettling nonetheless.
"You know I do art?"
There was a pause, then Fury said, "...no, there's no SHIELD activity in southern California right now.  There's one STRIKE team that was deployed directly by WSC but since they bypassed SHIELD, I assume that must be an international incident, outside our jurisdiction."
"Maybe...maybe we could go together, get a private room or something, for...for your birthday?" he suggested softly.
"Mm-hm.  Tony likes shiny things," said Happy, navigating around the bird.  Tony's peacocks were borderline feral and had an unfortunate habit of attacking both people and cars.
Tony's jaw tightened a little, teeth clenching.  "He missed me," he reported, a little harsher than he meant to.
"And then Cleveland?"
"Just because he didn't have kids doesn't mean he and your father didn't bond."
Tony pulled out his phone and checked.  "Yep.  Aria released it.  We're ready the rock n' roll," he said, and offered Steve his hand.  Steve took it, and together, they stepped forward.
Tony forced himself to loosen his grip on Steve.  "...sorry about your shirt," he added grudgingly, shifting Steve in his arms.
Steve pulled away, Donner refusing to meet anyone's gaze. It was time to brave it. There were eight girls and ten boys. Almost all of them say Steve approaching. Their faces were hard to read... Steve sighed. Well, it was now or never.
omega.
"Oh, no doubt," agreed Ian.
"Granite," repeated Donner with sleepily cheeriness.  "Granite Elphaba Malick."
that Clint had recommended as a 'priority view'. Steve wasn't sure the sense of humor was really for him. It was also hard for him to concentrate; he was mainly worrying about Tony. Worrying about the fact that there was
"Simple answer. He's not the only double agent," Clint said.
Steve swallowed. "You did it...you really...are you going to be alright now?" he asked, surprised at the sound of concern in his own tone, blue eyes bright with sincerity.
"I just...you know..."
Breaking into room five was Steve's worst nightmare. He kicked the door down to find two guys beneath the sheets. "Oh my God!" yelled one of them, yanking up the covers.  The 'Alpha' (who couldn't have been more than 17 years old) let out an undignified sound and grabbed the sheet, pulling it over himself. "Is that... Captain America!?"  He sounded uncertain, like he was questioning his own sanity.
"That was amazing! You were amazing!" Aria exclaimed as Steve walked off. He was shaking with the adrenaline and he could still hear the roar of the crowd in his ears as he'd closed up for the night and they'd began to cheer.
"Guilty as charged!" said Tony, his sincere look toward Steve evaporating.  It was like a mask came down.  His look was suddenly one of smug confidence, power, energy... but not love.
"Dylan or Hendrix, sir?"
He turned to Steve and stared at him for a long time, as if trying to remember him.
"Ah, shit," said Tony, giving another tug.  Nope.  Unless he forced it, tearing Steve apart, they were stuck.  Tony caught Steve's eye with an embarrassed grin.  "This never happens, I swear," he said.  He was half-joking.  He'd only knotted someone a handful of times in his life and he'd always yanked it out painfully and forcefully.  But Steve was a man, not a woman; he was a virgin; he was an omega who wasn't on suppressants.  All these factors combined made it an impossibility to break apart unnaturally; he was too tight.  "I guess we just... uh... hang out like this now.  ...get to know each other.  Hi.  How's it going?"
"I just gotta get my shoes on," said Tony, who had grabbed a bottle of gel from the counter and was trying to help Steve get his hair back in order.  "...you shouldn't have conditioned it this morning. You how how it fluffs up like this... you could be the mascot on a box of dryer sheets, seriously, this is fluffy... okay, how's that?  Better?" His fingers played over Steve's head, half-petting him as he fixed his hair. "...do we have time for a quickie?" he asked.
"You already told me, honey," said the bartender gently.
But right now the only set of eyes he was interested in was the downcast blue ones before him.
"Your friend is the reason I'm here. Your friend knows what these people are and what they do and he was still willing to put me here," Steve said voice even as he met Bucky's gaze. He didn't move from where he was leant against the wall, his foot hurt too much. He looked at Bucky with a challenging look in his eye. The same kind of look he'd held when he used to watch Bucky go out for the night, knowing he would bring someone home; it was a look of disappointment and disapproval.
Then,
Howard glared at him.  "You can't go one
"It's crazy. I'm horny like all the time and all the smells changed completely, people smell different now. You should try it-"
Sam nodded. "Makes sense."
He'd realized what this was.  This was a heat.  He was going into heat.  Not slowly, as he had before, in Morocco.  No, it was hitting him like a sack full of rocks.  He was breaking into a sweat and shaking, a slave to his biology; his mind was fogging up and he was having difficulty remembering what they'd been doing, exactly.
He dropped the bags onto the couch and pulled them open to find his sketchbook.  It was unharmed.  Then he went searching for his phone, and found it  quickly. Fortunately it didn't look like any their stuff had been vandalised; the phone, like the sketchbook, appeared unaltered. He found texts from Clint from before his call with him on the plane (and a lot of other missed calls). Aria had forwarded him some articles and Sam had texted to check if everything was okay. Steve decided to call him, flopping down onto a couch as he did so.
Tony found himself thinking about Banksy ad Boswell's relationship.  Boswell was about thirty years Banksy's senior, and it must be difficult for him to stay up late having parties.  Tony wondered if he and Steve would ever end up like that. Physiologically, Tony was about fifteen years older than Steve, and Steve didn't look like he was someone who was going to age normally.  At forty, nearly forty-one, Tony felt perfectly healthy and capable of keeping up with a much younger crowd, but he worried. Steve looked like a fuckin' co-ed.
"How the hell did they brief you on the 21st century?" asked Tony, resting his chin on top of Steve's head.  "Did you freak out when you found all about omega rights and stuff?  Did you demand they take you to a ballot box so you could get one of those little
Tony took a deep breath to re-orient himself, then said, sternly, "DeSoto.  Come here. Now."
Now that it was a month away from their bonding anniversary, there had been some discussion about which orchids to auction and which to keep.  Tony had already picked out Pepper's orchid and Rhodey's orchid and a random white one he liked that reminded him of his father's and Jarvis's.  He had been waffling on whether or not to keep the one Banksy had given them on the show. (He wouldn't admit it, but he still had a bit of his childhood crush on Banksy.)
. In fact, he'd made it personal the minute he'd implied that Steve needed 'breaking in.'
Pepper hummed, not sure what the appropriate response was to that.
He nosed Steve's wet skin, swaying with him in the shower.
"I can't let you up yet, boss," said Happy.
Another sudden memory.  For a split second, Tony felt like laughing.  It had
He was feeling sick again.
"Look at them, they look like they've bonded," said Natasha sweetly, her hand coming out to touch Clint's cheek automatically.
"Sit down," Aria put a hand on his shoulder and Steve moved easily into one of the bar stools. "I'll make waffles." She fetched him a glass of juice first and placed it in front of him. Steve downed it in one gulp.
"You know he's gonna take Twelve or Fourteen, if he takes any of us," said Seven sourly.
A few of the regular omegas were watching this discussion; Waffles suddenly blurted, "You're dangerous."  He was talking about Steve. "You're going to get us all Trickshotted!"
They both had an unintentional lie in. Steve woke around eleven, bleary-eyed and sleepy still as he pushed himself up with a yawn. He stretched out like a cat, back curving before he turned over to look at Tony. The man was sleeping soundly, looking better than he had since Steve saw him by his bedside in the med bay. He smiled a little and reached out to grab his sketchbook from the bedside table. It was where he'd left it. Steve went to grab a pencil too when his hand twitched in pain. Suddenly, it felt cold and his fingers throbbed at the tips. Steve frowned and flexed his fingers once, twice. The feeling slowly returned. Maybe it was phantom pains from his frostbite again.
"Doug," repeated Tony firmly, as if he could change the poor kid's name just by reiterating the new one enough times.
.  Steve rides me like a pornstar."
normal?  God damn it.  Since bonding, Tony had noticed he spent a lot more time feeling stupid than normal.
. Even if there was far more screens and fake tans than there used to be.
"No.  Rejection means being denied something; loss means losing something you already had.  ...I think."
"We'll be in touch.  You can go," said Fury.
Tony shook his head.  "That's it, that's all.  He's in Yemen. That's all I know."
"I...I saw your interview," Piper whispered. "I'm sorry you lost it."
"I think it's important people see Steve's funny side too," Angela said. "We don't want everyone to think he's too serious. An important part of publicity is being entertaining."
"...oh, God..."
"It's not your fault you were force-bonded Steve. And it's not yours either Tony. It's only one person's fault--"
"...let me mate you," he murmured.  "Let me mate you again, on the floor, on the hood of a car, I don't care... fuck, Steve... you smell so good... my omega, my beautiful omega.... I love you... I need to be inside you again..."
Another thing Tony felt he'd been lied to about, although it wasn't Steve's fault, the way he'd been portrayed all these years.  And he'd come out, hadn't he? Still, Tony couldn't help but feel gypped. He'd admired the Alpha Steve Rogers in those comics. He felt a lot of resentment toward his father for not bothering to correct his notions of Steve's status.
Steve blinked. He couldn't really imagine a time after the fight, when it would be over...it came from living though a war, he supposed.
"Yes! Yes, please... wanna feel your mouth Alpha, please. I'll be good. I'll be good I promise." Steve was evidently thrilled at the idea and wriggled even more, letting out a low whine as Tony closed his lips around the head of his dick.  Steve happily groaned, working his body between Tony's mouth and fingers.
On the television, Dora was saying, "You have to say
"That's...classified."
Tony was there in a second, drawn, magnetically, to the hair.  "Well, hel-
"--what if that were Steve?" blurted Tony.
"Steve! Steve, where do you think you're--"
Pepper sighed.
"...Tony?" he whispered and brushed his fingertips against the Alpha's on the floor as he seemed quite entranced by his own thoughts. His excitement was suddenly gone in place of passiveness.
Tony let out a shriek of frustration and shook the projector violently.
.  My favorite operating system is Linux, specifically Red Hat, and I would rather face a single horse-sized duck than a hundred duck-sized horses.  How 'bout you?"
"I am merely a computer program, sir.  I believe that is why he is uncomfortable speaking to me.  But he is on his way up," replied JARVIS.
"Home gym sounds useful," Steve hummed absent-mindedly as he buttoned up his dark blue shirt. It was soft cotton and wore over dark jeans. Casual but presentable.
They even had the calorie amounts on the right hand sides of the dishes. Ha. Cute.
"I think we just buy him. We can't risk sabotaging the project... but we can still put a wire on Rhodey. We just can't use it until my birthday.  ...listen, it's not just your fault, Tony.  This is all Malick's doing. It's not your fault the man had some weird obsession with me," Steve muttered. "Did you see the way he looked at me?"
Steve's left eye twitched and his hands balled up in his lap.
Over three hundred thousand?  Damn.  That was a lot of money, even in modern times, Steve assumed.  And with Stark Industries matching it, that meant over half a million. But Steve didn't feel all that happy, even with the good news. The party was marginally horrifying. There was too much noise, too many lights and a lot of faces he didn't recognize, along with a healthy dose of claustrophobia.
"Gleason said one of these every hour and then ten of the white ones every twelve... dear Lord, that's a lot..."
"Like what?"
Steve clenched around him as he slid down further, and smiled at the noise Tony made. "Feel good?" he asked breathlessly even though he clearly already knew the answer. Steve just wanted him to say it.
"Natasha will get us in but she won't hang around. I promise. We'll be in and out within two hours," Steve breathed and leaned forward to kiss the middle of his forehead. "We can do it tomorrow, if you want."
hold. He didn't have to see him to know who it was.
"Amazing. So good. Can we make waffles? We should make waffles."
"Also... is there a phone I could use?"
"Please," said the girl.
"I need to try some delicious Greek yogurt," said Bucky, turning.
"Are you going to expect us to kill people?"
"Absolutely apeshit!" said Tony with glee.  "And we've only got two and a half weeks to set it up, so Pepper, I'm really going to need you to bring your A-game."  His attention turned to Steve; he looked at him with sheep eyes, one hand resting in the small of Steve's back.  Steve's birthday was Tony's current new top priority, tied with hacking the hell out of SHIELD and researching the mysterious tesseract situation.  But his mate's birthday was a big deal.  Definitely on par with mysterious government black sites and the secret sources of power they contained.
But he loved his mate and they'd just spent a heat together.  He couldn't imagine the two of them sleeping apart.
"Just stay out of the way," Kate huffed as they were ushered into another room, one of the nurses helping Steve walk. Another nurse blocked off the cameras that tried to follow, shutting the door behind them and locking it.
Besides, he liked the attention.  He liked it a lot. The blond's eyes were blue, like the sky over a field of tulips in France, and he liked looking at them.
Tony considered this.  Steve's sketchbook was like his own personal Bible.  Steve had carried it with him through the war and Tony wasn't even allowed to look in it without Steve supervising; he'd never seen the entirety of its contents.
"...Omegle Office," mumbled Tony into his crust, and someone next to him chuckled.  Tony wiped his hands onto his shirt unceremoniously. "Welp, I'm ready to go. I've got a lot of work to do."  He had eaten the crust only, after licking away the sauce; the cheese and toppings were still on his pants. He stood and they scattered to the floor; Tony seemed oblivious.  "Steve, how many more pizzas d'you gotta eat before you're done?"
him, Tony was gone, lost in ecstasy in a way he'd previously thought was only obtainable through heavy drug use.
Incredible reflexes, this new stranger.  He swung up with an arm, one of the whips dangling from his hand ribboning out in an elegantly spiral of electricity.  Tony took a piece of his own metal in the face, stumbled back, fell, and rolled without thinking, watching as one of the electrified cables slammed onto the ground where he'd just been.
Steve gave him a bemused look.
Steve reached for Tony's hand and tugged him down next to him. He leaned his head on his shoulder, sliding down on the sofa  little so they slotted together better. "This might be our last evening like this," he pointed out softly. "We should make the most of it. Do something...special, I guess," he suggested tentatively, not quite sure how Tony would take it.
"I think it's understated but it's going to make a nice splash on in the media cycle," said Pepper, a hint of mischief in her eyes.  "...Tony being an Alpha, it carries a nice little punch."
. He might sometimes be an idiot, and I certainly am, but he respects me. And that counts a hell of a lot more than dominance.  Whatever that even really means..."
"But... we always do Christmas Eve together."
"Now, eh, this position isn't possible for everyone. But it seriously does increase the chance of--"
It was clear that Tony wasn't in the mood for talking, or people in general. Pepper made light conversation with Steve on the plane, showing him some new interview opportunities. Then, to past the time she put on an a few episodes of one of her favorite shows, something called
"Yeah," said Tony, seizing onto the topic of his suits eagerly.  "I'm gonna build a whole army, Steve.  Wait n' see."
Tony wondered if he was going to have to hit Steve's pressure point.  It was the last thing in the world he wanted to do; Steve would kill him later, it was be so embarrassing, but Tony had to get him under control.  But everyone was watching, mildly, and if Steve didn't sit down and start signing documents, they were probably going to get their damned monitors back, plus even more stupid security measures.
"It's Tony Stark!" yelled someone.
that these suits can’t exist anywhere else,
him join now, after the whole fiasco at the Expo.
Karpov smiled at him.  "Yes, that's right," he agreed, and he gave the soldier the rest of the Prolots as a reward.
, and it felt like coming up for air. He gasped sharply.  His senses were reeling.  He felt like he'd just stepped off of the Cyclone on Coney Island.
"Rogers
"That bad," Steve hummed. He moved to sit down on the sofa, his head in his hands.
Tony could only vaguely recall talking to DeSoto's owner-- shit,
Pepper put her face into her hands.  "It's like he
Steve saw Bucky's gaze move back and forth and the frown that etched into his features. He sighed softly. "Bucky, I- I don't not consent to us holding hands.  C'mon. I asked you first," he reasoned.
"I thought what you said was amazing last night, Steve," Laura said. "I hope we can give you a good deserved break from it all here." The smile she gave him was so warm and genuine Steve didn't know how to react. He'd spent a night with such fake and pretentious celebrities... it was so odd to hear someone say something so sincere and sound like they meant it.
look.  Very avant-garde," said Tony immediately.
Tony stretched and got up, wobbling toward the kitchen to drink orange juice out of the carton.
Tony pointed the heels of his hands to the ground and hit the thrusts a hell of a lot harder than he meant to.  He slammed into the ceiling, two feet away from the hole, and bounced back down to the ground.
"Okay, okay, okay, I fucked up, I--"  Tony paused. Another cloying smell had hit him, but this one wasn't pleasant.  Not at all. It made the back of his neck prickle uncomfortably.
The Alpha took his chin and tilted it up to look at his face.  He kept his eyes averted. During his seven years with Gideon, they'd only made eye contact a handful of times.  It was considered disrespectful for an omega to look at an Alpha like that.
"Well, we'd better go get his dry cleaning.  The car looks great, huh, Steve? Here, Jorge..."  Tony pulled out a pair of hundreds and handed then to Jorge.  Jorge thanked him.
"Until you've had your scans
He hesitated. That question almost felt like a test for some reason.
Tony wasn't crying, exactly, but tears had started to fall and he was clutching his mate and reassuring him that they weren't in Kunar.  Gleason stuck him, too; he was too busy reassuring Steve to notice.
alive?"
Pepper lowered her phone from her ear. "Banksy said he can come, with Boswell, but they'll want to stay over and Banksy insists on having breakfast with Steve."
"I wish you'd lay off with your jealousy problems, though.  Sorry I like Pepper. Sorry I flirt at parties. Neither of those are secrets.  And neither of those is gonna change. Just deal with it, Steve. I always come home to you.  I haven't laid a finger on another person since we bonded. Seriously. Haven't touched one single boob.  But for some reason I'm supposed to be cool with you going off and just hanging out who-knows-where with your own Alpha?  If I took Pepper out like that, you'd flip! It's not fair, that's all I'm saying. Just 'cause I'm the weaker Alpha doesn't mean you gotta rub my nose in it."
was the one who had taken class-A drugs and then passed out after staying up for almost an entire day.
Tony had heard that Maggie had three (
Tony's eyes closed and he nuzzled into Steve's soft, warm lips, pushing them apart with his tongue, tasting.
That name kept coming up.  Bucky understood that well enough.
Tony must have drifted off for a few minutes; the next thing he knew Steve's phone was going off again.  He reached for it, batting it to the floor. He realized in an instant that he was still on top of Steve, that Steve was feverish, that his cock was painfully swollen inside of Steve and that Steve was writhing under him, panting soft little pleas.
Steve let his head fall into his hands. Phil curled an arm around him. He smelt nice. Not in a sexual way but in a comforting one. It almost felt paternal, the way he had his arm around Steve.
"You don't, Mr. Stark," intoned JARVIS.
He kicked off the wall and floated onto his back, drifting past Steve.  "...don't challenge me to a race," he warned. "I'm too competitive; I'll kill myself trying to keep up with you.  Besides, I'm an old man." He grinned lazily, and he looked like his old self again: the cocky, snarky, self-sure playboy that the media drooled after.  With the beard pruned back to his laser-precision goatee, he could have easily passed for a man in his thirties. This was something most people who knew Tony never forgave him for; despite all of the alcohol abuse and the bizarre sleep schedules and almost revolting eating habits, Tony's body looked good.  Real good. It was no mystery why; Howard Stark had always looked younger than his age, and when he had passed in his seventies, he hadn't looked a day over 55. The only indication he'd really aged at all was his hair, which went grey in his fifties. Even though, it still thick and full and of the "silver fox" variety.  Tony owed his genetics a lot for keeping him fit. Of course, his periodic health crazes helped, too. Once a year, Tony went through a manic phase of juice-cleansing and working out that concerned everyone just as much as his usual party-boy lifestyle did.
Malick looked thoroughly disarmed by Tony's casual demeanor.  He regained his composure quickly. "I should have known a man of your tastes had been here before," he said.  "...I admit, I was... surprised that the captain would have suggested it. I suppose that's where he got the idea."
expect me to take you seriously," said Tony.  Joey's uniform was dark and covered every bit of him except the eyes.  He looked like a ninja. ...an English ninja with a fucking flag on his chest.
"Steve," Aria said patiently. "You're literally burning up right now and Tony is all over you. We need to get you out of here.  And more importantly, let's get you away from other Alphas." She turned to an aide.  "Go alert Happy, our driver. We're leaving. "
clinging to it like a bat, trying to catch his breath, hoping he'd scrambled their sensors for long enough to figure out a plan  He wasn't sure how many drones he was up against. Eight?  Ten?  Minus the one he'd slammed into the roof with.  Not only was he critically outnumbered, but he was also trying to avoid missiles that were being shot at him and probably landing among civilians when they failed to make their mark.  First priority was getting them away from the Expo, away from the crowds.  Away from Steve.  Away from Pepper.  At a glance, Tony was somewhere around Avenue D, which put him west of stage 3 and south of an observation deck, with the Oracle Dome to his right and an excellent jerk chicken joint to his left.
Tony and the kid in the bed watched this exchange with fascination.
"Which I love about you,” said Aria.  “And… as promised." Her eyes twinkled as she placed a bottle of wine in front of Pepper. It was from a vineyard in the south of France. They only made around 500 bottles a year.
The baby in Pepper's arms responded to his question by waking up and, without any warning whatsoever, vomiting all over Pepper.
"It's from the tags!" protested Tony weakly, half-asleep.
He hit the jets; the man pulled the trigger; a second later the whole hallway was engulfed in heat and smoke and dust, and Tony's whole body was being shaken like a damned goldfish in a bag, the suit absorbing some of the shock but not enough; he was being jolted down to his very core.  He was too disoriented to know whether he was up or down, and the navigation system was shot. He bounced off a concrete wall (ow), hit the opposite wall (ow) and then crashed into the man's back, and the two of them tumbled to the ground in a mess. Tony definitely heard something crunch under him.  Getting hit with the Iron Man suit was probably not dissimilar to getting hit by a motorcycle.
An emotion ghosted over Tony's face and for a moment he looked like he was going to start sobbing again.  But he didn't.  He went back to his guitar.  Pepper felt a hint of panic.  She pulled out her phone, trying to think if Steve had friends she could call, someone who would know if he was okay, what had happened.  She was drawing a blank.  Across the room, Tony plucked at the guitar forlornly; it was electric but not plugged in, and the sounds sounded weird and hollow, the tune unrecognizable but distinctively sad.  Much like Tony himself, actually.
Steve slowed to a stop on automatic and turned to see a man with his child tucked away into a small bank of sand. The kid looked about six; she was sweet-looking with a few missing teeth and a bathing costume covered in ladybugs. Steve was momentarily confused by the term "Mom" because the only person nearby was the man on his phone, who was waving at the girl to be quiet.  But he knew that some omegas in same-sex couples used the term to keep things simpler; "Mom" often meant the person who had borne the child.  Children from omegas were called whelps, though they were no different than children born to female Alphas or female betas.
Tony began to protest but then Gleason's beeper went off.  He checked it; his eyes lit up. "I'm sorry; I have to go. Do you have any more questions for me?  Anything I can do to help?" he asked Steve. He gestured to the beeper and then added, quietly, "Jeffrey's just gone into labor.  You know Jeff? ...head of the Horseshoe Society council?"
"Unit of what?" asked Tony as he sipped his wine.
"We'll talk about it later," said Tony, striding over and leaning down to kiss Steve's head briefly.  "Yeah, I'm gonna go down to the shop for a bit.  Just tinker, y'know."  He gave Steve's bare ass a pat before limping out the door.
"Actually,
"It's Nat and Clint," Steve answered automatically when Tony asked and then realised what he'd just done. He blinked and swallowed thickly.
"T-Tony. What are you--" Steve went deadly quiet when Pepper answered and tried to ignore how good Tony's hand felt on his dick.
"We can't do that," said Brent immediately.
Steve headed upstairs, to his drawing room, and shut the door. They weren't coming in here if he could help it. They had no right to see...
Tony didn't bother mentioned that he found the sight of pregnant male omegas to be creepy as fuck.  Alphas and betas both did; according to Frond's psychology books, this was a natural reaction, since the male Alpha and male beta were only capable of siring children, not bearing them.  Tony couldn't imagine Steve pregnant, couldn't imagine his broad-shoulder, iron-muscled, sleek male form with a baby bump. It was... uncanny. But he felt like admitting that would make him sound prejudiced against omegas.  Traditionally, pregnant omegas didn't go out much. It wasn't until the mid-twentieth century that a pregnant omega would venture outside the home; in Steve's day, it was unheard of.
Tony reached out and put a hand on the back of his head, pulling him forward, pressing his face against Tony's leg.  Tony stroked his head softly; DeSoto was relaxing. Tony shot Steve a look of apology. This felt weird.
"...we gonna tell them the whole story?"
Steve's head was lolling a little. His eyes were glassy and red around the edges. He looked up at Pepper, slowly, his gaze trailing over her face. Slowly, he seemed to recognize her. And slowly, he seemed to process what she was saying. He blinked.
"She's an omega," pointed out Aria.  "I talked to her agent.  Also an omega, actually.  Really nice guy."
He sighed.
for that disaster at
"Right.
"Pancakes will make you feel better." Steve pushed the plate towards him. "Eat."
"Get out, James," said Wanda.
" said Aria firmly, but Tony looked intrigued.  Clearly he was weighing his discomfort with his own jealousy with his weakness for redheads.
He was excited to go back, terribly so. It would be nice to see England when he wasn't in the middle of a goddamn breakdown. That, and he loved spending time with Peggy. She grounded him. She was both the connection to his past and his future. He loved her and he knew that she loved him back, but it wasn't a romantic sort of love. It was old and precious and it meant loyalty and trust. It was an unspoken connection. She
"You know his first name?"
"Put down your weapons!" yelled one of the SWAT team, but they were already complying.  Watching Natasha disarm herself was like watching a magician pull a scarf out of his sleeve; she had guns, knives, tasers, garrotes, brass knuckles, pepper spray, and a dozen other devices stored in every nook and cranny.
He blinked blearily over at the night stand to see that it was past eleven. Had he seriously slept in so late? Sure, it was normal for Tony but not for him. Maybe it was because the honeymoon was almost over and his body was worn out. Maybe it was because he spent over two of yesterday morning in a weird trance and his body needed a break...when had Tony gotten to bed anyway? Probably too late. Regardless, he'd missed a proper gym session for two days running. He was never going to get the muscle back that he lost whilst he was running around as Tony's PA at this rate. Sure, to the average person Steve still looked built up as hell but he wasn't at his peak strength. He could feel
"Yeah, yeah, whatever," said Tony, waving a hand.  He sidled up next to Steve, pressing their arms together, and reached down to scratch at his ankle monitor.
"...I saw you that article you did in the Times," he said after a long, awkward silence.  "...funny stuff.  ...really 'ppreciate what you're doing for us out there.  Y'know.  ....
. It was comfort. Tony smelled of engine grease and creation, every moment and thought a bright spark that ignited something in Steve's very own chest. Tony was a constant excitement. Something that made his breath hitch. The thought of Bucky made him want to sleep, to curl up in the covers of his bed and tug his duvet over his head to block out the bright early morning sun of Brooklyn as he mumbled, "
"Okay, okay, great, can we go on vacation now?" demanded Tony, clearly not listening.  He picked up a bottle of wine from the bar and poured it, then looked up at where Clint was perched on top of the fridge.  "You want some cabernet, gargoyle?"
Tony groaned a little.  He reached out without looking to find Steve's waist and put an arm around him.  His earlier ire was melting into affection. Their interview had been a good reminder of just how much he loved Steve and he wanted to hole up in the lodge with him, curl up in front of fire under a blanket with a couple of cups of cider, enjoy the season together.  Forget about charities and PR for a while.
"I don't," wheezed Tony.
Steve's eyes fluttered up at the brush of fingers against his cheek. There was an energy between them that hadn't been present since before Yemen. Steve felt strangely better than he had in a very long time.
He stood on the gantry platform and let the suit be assembled around him, his mind still turning over SHIELD's psych evaluation.  It seemed extremely, bordering on reckless.
He looked up and flashed Steve a grin.  "Party trick," he said, fishing the arc reactor out of the water and carefully tucking the wires back in before smacking in the device.  "...
Rhodes watched with silent interest; Corrine brought him a beer and he took a long drink from it, watching Tony.  He'd know Tony for twenty-five years and he had never heard that tone from Tony before.  Not while he was sober, anyway.  He'd heard Tony come close when he was drunk and talking about Pepper, or drunk and talking about cars.  Seeing Tony sober and unabashedly sappy was... weird.  Rhodes had seen Tony act weird a lot of times; he'd seen him high on ecstasy and high on cocaine, too drunk to stand and too sleep-deprived to string together a coherent sentence; he'd seen Tony in the hours immediately following his escape from Afghanistan, seen him after violent break-ups and after Obadiah's death.  But seeing Tony like this, seeing him
Fuck.  He hadn't thought that far ahead.
" Steve said, exasperated. "This time it will be us taking HYDRA by surprise, not the other way around. This isn't about revenge; this is about living up to expectations. I've been back for over half a year and I haven't been on a single mission Tony.  I'm
dessert," he added with a wolfish smile, pecking the corner of Steve's lips.
It looked normal.  Peaceful.
Tony's remote was like a spaceship controller.
"Oh, because of everything.  The arvicolinectomy, the hysterectomy, the hormone treatments... it's not as bad for the omegas they try to make into betas.  They just cut out the arvicolina and the scent glands and that's that. ...but
him!"
"We need to say where he was, though," said Tony.  He chewed his lip. "Banksy would probably lie for us.  Call Banksy, and Ty. Ask if they'll say Steve was with them.  It's easy to believe he wrecked the tracker and then went to hang out with some other omegas for support, right?"
"Do you ever think about that like... a year ago, you were in a war still?"
Tony gazed coolly at the McLaren.  "Oh, that?  V8 engine, nine hundred horsepower.  Not bad, huh?" said Tony, a little more confidently.  "It's kind of Steve's now, actually."  He glanced anxiously at Steve.  He was desperate to get into the car together and confirm that, yes, Steve still wanted him.  Steve's thumb kept running soothingly over his knuckles, but he had to hear it.  And he was starting to get the shakes and a splitting headache that he knew only alcohol would cure.  "You wanna race to the restaurant?"
"I just went to... grab some more juice," said Tony, even though Steve hadn't asked.  Tony set the carton down by the empty one; his gaze fell on the pamphlet that Gleason had dropped off.
"Have fun Steve. Or...don't. Good luck with whatever the hell you're doing there."
"--an awesome friend, I know," George cut him off.
"What would I even sing?" Steve asked, raising a brow.
He continued to listen in, mentally tucking away information.
killed you? Yeah, okay, your Alpha pride is intact. I still have to go bury you, then, knowing it was
"Don't want the real Captain America kneeling for you?"
"A half-hour?" repeated Tony, looking down at his watch.  "...aw, shit." The day had flown by. Tony wasn't even dressed properly.  While Steve showered, he swapped out his t-shirt for a clean black v-neck that perfectly framed the arc reactor and his sweatpants for a pair of jeans.
"JARVIS!" yelled Tony, cramming on the helmet and turning on the HUD display before the suit was even on.  Thank God he'd left all the gantry equipment here from his drop-in a few weeks ago.  Thank God every one of them had an uplink and could communicate with each other.  Thank God he had JARVIS.
"Just goes to show we all have something to learn," said Banksy after a moment, smiling.  He leaned over to tap Boswell. "Pay attention, you could learn something from these two."
She turned red as she handed over the still-fizzing bottle.  "Um... Mister- sorry-
"Tony. Tony one sec..." he placed a hand on the other's shoulder, not letting him pounce just yet as he went to get water. Steve downed it with his pills one at a time, leaning into Tony's touch by the time he was done. His body was chilly to the touch from sweat and need and he wouldn't stop trembling. Steve hated feeling this useless.
"What?"
"Yeah?" Steve's brain had gone offline briefly at the mention of HYDRA. He didn't like being reminded that he'd drowned and died for nothing. It wasn't a nice feeling, and it didn't bring back nice memories, either.   He shook his head out a little. "Yeah.  Yeah, we're getting free lunches.  We're being careful with money.  Anyway, this is why we're going for the companies, not the camps themselves so much. Taking down eighty-four one by one would be pretty much impossible."
The boy looked a bit disappointed.
"I'm Cece.  I'm a docent.  If you have any questions at all, I'd be happy to help."
Steve ducked out of Tony's hold, suddenly wanting to be anywhere but this goddamn party. "I can't have children, Tony, so you have absolutely nothing to worry about," he assured him and then turned on his heel and left. Tony could get his own drink. God knows he'd had enough already. He just searched for a balcony. He wanted some fresh air.
"Absolutely, if he wants to."
It took about ten minutes but eventually he was breathing normally. He shuddered against Tony in relief as the moment finally passed. It was embarrassing really, to be so vulnerable.
Tony's face went blank, a sure sign he was feeling emotional.
did you tell him he had a choice?  You're supposed to bring him here and you told him he could stay!"
Why hadn't he come sooner?  Why hadn't be been able to magically locate Steve using their bond before... before Gideon did that?  So much had happened in the last twenty-four hours but Tony was still partially feral, driven to the very brink by his aggressive need to protect.  He felt like he had failed. Like he should have been able to have stopped it.
Fury dropped a heavy folder on the bed.  "Captain America doesn't get privacy," he said bluntly.  "One look at channel 4 could've told you that. Captain, here's your public apology.  Yemen is backing off, thanks in a very large part to the work of Colonel Rhodes. But you'd better give one hell of a stirring speech this Friday and look remorseful as hell."
"I'll turn up. Promise. I want these tracker things gone," Steve breathed. He moved to stand as the doctors went to leave.
Originally he'd done this with Obie.  For a few years. Then he'd done it as a matter of appearances.  Now it was habit. Beneath the earth, his parents were probably long-gone, reduced, at best, to a heap of bones and hair and teeth, like those he'd placed into trays of battery acid when he was a child.  They didn't know he was there for them and they couldn't care, because they were dead.
"Questions for Steve Rogers only!" a stagehand called out, the same one from before.
"Yeah, they can totally do them in the second trimester," said Banksy breezily.
Steve delivered Tony’s smoothies wordlessly that afternoon, while the man was working on something in his shop.  Tony didn’t say thank you.
She was holding a drink and looked like the Madonna.  She offered it to him, but Tony just pointed to the table.  She set it down for him.
Aria found Steve chatting away to Taylor Swift, who had already performed before. She was telling him how awesome the New Year's Eve party had been and how worried she'd been after his 'breakdown interview.' She was giggling and putting her hand on his arm. She was hyper.
Tony made a mental note to call Clint discreetly and ask him, as an omega, if there was anything Steve expected that Tony was missing.  He only got one shot at this and he'd already messed up a bunch of times; he wanted to make sure that the rest of it, at least, was perfect for his mate.
Tony heaved himself out of the pool, ignoring the pizza, and jumped on Steve's back, hugging him.  "Look, I'm a baby koala. Did you know koalas all have chlamydia? I've had it twice. It sucks." Tony trailed into silence for a brief moment, then perked back up.  "Mush! To the shower, my steed!" he announced grandly, giving Steve a prod with his heel. "Hey, we should start a charity to put antibiotics in eucalyptus to help the koalas.  Are they really bears? I dunno. Didja see how my suit comes to me now? I think what I need is a better accelerator. Because it's not slowing down when it attaches, it's just kinda slamming into me.  Speaking of slamming me into things, shower! Oh! And I was able to find Gene Bennett using JARVIS. He works in New York and he's basically a sort of job recruiter. A human broker, if you will. I'm guessing that's how he's hiding the occasional unwilling omega.  Why don't they just let 'em go? They had plenty of brainwashed ones. Maybe it's 'cause they've seen too much. I bet that's the deal with Trickshot. I bet he has all sorts of horrible secrets about Ron. Have you talked to Clint?"
.  But it was the 21st century now and things were supposed to be better.  He swallowed. "Can we do that? Is it possible, Tony?"
Then Steve felt it catch against his hole and his entrance twitched. He made sure to hold Tony's gaze as he slid down. Steve loved this position. He could always angle his hips down
Tony's smug sense of triumph had worn off.
He climbed out of the chair, groaning and stretching his limbs.  He glanced over; Pepper and Aria were sitting side-by-side. Aria was younger and dressed much more casually than Pepper; Pepper was all business, hair tied back.  But clothing and age aside, they looked identical, their faces on their tablets, clicking away, handling the deluge of press. Both looked tired. Tony wasn't sure what Aria was going to do but he bet Pepper was going to go straight into the office.  Already pale, the bags under her eyes were noticeable.
"Can...can we work out a way to make me immune to this?" Steve huffed out.
Tony stared, mouth open slightly.  God damn it, they
"Good."  Tony stifled a yawn, the glass bottle still cold in his hand.  He poked his head into the gym and his face split into a grin; pop music was playing and Steve's back was to him; he was lifting weights with the focus of a guy in prison.
As they sat down at a table draped with a white cloth, Tony groped for Steve's hand under the table.  He picked his way miserably through a salad, barely eating.  How could he?  He was occupied with keeping himself under control.  Not an easy task.  Steve's words kept floating up like ghosts, and with them came all the questions.  Who had shot Steve?  Who had shot Fury?  How could Bucky be alive?  How could Steve have been--
"...weah, Steve, you can't do that."
Tony's eyes snapped open and he sat up.  This was the Tony Stark most people never got to see; his hair was in all directions and his beard, usually sharply defined, was losing the battle to stubble.  He reached for a pair of glasses on the nightstand and put them on to glare at Steve.
"How'd it happen?" he asked George quietly.
Steve felt like throwing up a little bit. They moved to leave the suite, and stepped into the lift. The lobby downstairs was teeming. It was clearly a big event. "We should go the main stage," DeSoto said, eyes wide.  He seemed enthusiastic.  Like they were going to watch a game of baseball instead of actual people getting sold.
" he hollered, writhing under Happy.  But the reminder of Steve's body, so close, separated from him by one little door... Tony was literally sweating.  He'd never wanted anything more in his life.  He heard another whine bubbling out of his throat and before he could help himself he was calling Steve's name again, unable to keep the desperation out of his voice.
"Pietro!" cried Bucky with excitement, his face splitting into a grin.
Tony's heart was hammering, every beat dragging him closer to death; he was sitting on a cot, clutching a car battery to his chest, shivering; he could see his breath; he was trying to figure out how the hell he'd gotten here.  His memories were a confused jumble.
"I'm not saying you didn't stand up for him," Aria sighed. "But it doesn't matter what you say Steve. They twist it. To make one or both of you look bad. You should just avoid Alpha magazines like that."
Before Steve could answer, though, Tony's phone began ringing; Tony twitched and he heard Steve gasp beneath him.
tasty-looking--"
"Why would you wanna know that?"
On the front page of Us Weekly was the same picture, but the caption had nothing to do with the party.
"Beautiful," said Tony after a moment.  "...perfect."  He came to a stop in front of Steve and set his head on Steve's head, gently guiding his face back to Tony's knee.
please,
"--yes, you're allergic to morphine, but the allergies section also entails all dietary restrictions as well, he's on a no-corn diet--"
Bucky stared at him blankly, not sure.
"...you shouldn't smoke if you have a heart condition," said Kerry, looking thoroughly worried as Tony clenched a hand protectively over his chest where the arc reactor was.
Steve was sitting on the edge of the bed.  There was a bruise on his neck.  Tony felt sudden panic.  He remembered making that bruise.  They had been sitting on the couch, yes.  He had touched Steve's face, and Steve had closed his eyes and nuzzled into Tony's hand... and then Tony had...  he had pinned Steve down, licked him, bit him... and... then what?  Something with a computer?  Had Steve carried him to bed?  Had they...?
The tech shrugged.  "The circumstances of his death were traumatic.  Perhaps he's been in a sanitarium or an asylum somewhere.  All of the memories we've seen from Barnes were before 1944.  Mentally, there may be nothing left.  But physically, I can guarantee he's alive.  It would be impossible for Stark to have that memory otherwise.  That was definitely not his subconscious.  Unless he was aboard a train in 1944 with Captain Rogers here."
He was lightning-fast; he grabbed Steve and threw him off-balance, an easy maneuver, considering the state of Steve's sprained ankle, and slammed him into the wall, pinning him with his left arm.  With his right, with surprising delicacy, he stuck a syringe into the crook of Steve's arm.
"Steve.  I wanna look for Trickshot," said Tony, looking at the map beside Steve.  The map was innocuous. There were classrooms labeled, a common room, a reading and study room, a gym, a cafeteria... it had all the trappings of a regular junior high school.
Steve flopped down on the bed, curling in on himself impossibly further, his head tucked against his knees.
"Flying sounds good," Steve breathed and moved into Tony's outstretched arm. Physically, they were close, with Steve's hand on his shoulder and Tony's arm around his waist, holding him against him. But that was it. Emotionally, Tony wouldn't let him. Sure, Steve could feel his mate's emotion but he could also feel that his unavoidable intrusion wasn't welcome. He felt a pang of envy; only Alphas had that ability, to distance bond emotions.  It wasn't fair.  Steve had to handle the brunt of Tony's emotions whether he wanted to or not, all the time.
Steve was visibly shaking with upset. It was kind of ironic in a way. Steve had hoped every day back in the forties that Bucky would give in and touch him. And now Bucky would finally would and Steve just told him he would rather die.
"Are you saying sometimes I
Gleason reappeared with two steaming cups of tea. He stared at Tony and Steve, and almost smiled before he moved to set the tea by the bedside. "I'll come back same time tomorrow. And if he gets a fever you call me straight away, yes?"
Tony stopped in front of a heavy metal door and swiped a key card to get in.  Inside, lights flickered on automatically as they entered.  The room was filled with plain white boxes sitting on wire shelving.  Tony made a beeline toward the back of the long, claustrophobic room and pointed.  "There it is.  The unfinished scientific works of Howard A. Stark.  Eat your heart out, Steve, Clint, I know this shit is like the Shroud of Turin for you people."
"He needs food," Steve answered before Tony could.
"Dunno who that is.  ...
"...they're
"Home is with Tony. Or it was. But Tony says he wants me anyway. Whether he can handle me is another matter entirely."
"Everyone's equal," said the soldier.  "That's what Karpov says. He says one HYDRA overthrows the capitalists, we'll all be equals and status won't matter anymore."
"I'll come with you!  Let me just drop off Pip.  C'mon, babe." Eric disappeared.  Tony put his fingers under his collar to scratch desperately at his neck.
Tony made a noise of gratitude as he saw a flash of red.
"You're fired."
The way Aria glared at Gideon made the Alpha visibly flinch away from her. She said nothing as she pulled away off the stage with Pepper, the two women linking arms.
Tony gave Steve a big, wolfish grin.
Natasha looked ready to punch him.  "Hunger isn't an emotion."
"Good morning, Mr. Stark."
Steve trembled as Gideon pressed on that point behind his ear. His body was responding traitorously.  Steve tried to pull away, but the hand on the back of his neck kept him where he was wanted.
"Fine," Natasha replied conversationally. "How's being back home?"
"Then why are you taking it?"
omega
But would a car even be fast enough?  Fuck the car.  He'd fly.  Besides, he needed to make sure the new arc reactor could power the suits effectively.
Steve threw his wallet at a woman outside of the ER with some difficulty. "You. You take that car, drive it as far as you can from here for ten minutes then get the fuck away from it." He must have looked quite alarming, standing there with a dying man in his arms and covered in blood. The woman just nodded, pale, and she drove off.
... and one that was labeled, in a delicate, timid, tiny hand that begged not to be noticed, "Cousin Steve."
And Steve, poor, sweet, sad Steve, sitting in that conference room with the too-long, worn out burgundy couch...
He stared at the phone, feeling frozen.  Tony had said to call SHIELD.  But how could Steve trust them, after what had happened with Sitwell?  He couldn't just pass Bucky along and hope for the best.  It was
"Okay, guys, smile, I'm putting this on Twitter," said Tony.  For a split second he was aware of the strangeness of the picture.  Peggy looked old enough to be his mother, and he looked old enough to be Steve's father.
Tony didn't meet Steve's eyes, but he extended a hand to him.  "C'mon, pukey.  Let's go home."  He looked over at Natasha.  "Romanov... how the hell am I supposed to pass that test if my subconscious is tuned to Steve, and Steve's tuned to HYDRA?"
and it wasn't
Pierce's smile didn't waver.  "No.  There are not," he said flatly.
"How come Fury didn't get
Tony looked down guiltily.  "So Dad..."
instead of your
Steve went for a third doughnut. Runs made him too hungry for words. "Sometimes I wish I could just make a phone call and have Gideon suspiciously end up in a ditch somewhere..."
Regardless, Steve thought the story was sweet. Or at least, watching Tony read it was sweet. He looked happy. Steve couldn't remember seeing him this happy in front of this many people before. Maybe it was their heat. Maybe it was christmas. Who knew?
"Hope you have a good weekend," the boy nodded and then parted with a wink.
But then another figure followed. Despite the grainy image, his silver arm was evident as he made the jump after Steve.
"Thanks," Steve said with a small smile, clearly already in a far better mood than he had been this morning.
"Justin," said the man in the suit, pleadingly.  It struck Steve that he'd seen that man hovering around before, in Monaco; the man was an omega and anxiety was dripping off of him, and Steve realized Tony wasn't the only bonded Alpha in the room.  He'd heard Justin speak directly to the man only once, in Monaco: "Jack, get me a drink."  That man was living like omegas lived back in the forties, hovering on the periphery of an Alpha's life, expected to be grateful to take orders.  Justin's viewpoint made much more sense in the context of his own relationship.
was something he wanted to see.
"Um, I'm Iron Man, and he's Captain America," said Tony.  "We're our own security.  Also, there's no one who's out to get us.  I mean, Vanko's dead, and he's Russian, not German and--"
, I'll agree to round two."
Tony caught Steve's hand.  "It matters to me," he replied.
"We're not canceling the party.  Tony would lose it. We already had to disrupt his Christmas plans and you know how he feels about change.  Besides, Steve has a bunch of contacts from his omega rights crew who are showing up. It's too late to cancel it, James, I'm sorry."
Donner looked up defensively.  "My bonding was
He eyed Brazinski thoughtfully.  She was a brown-haired beta.  Her glasses were perched on her head.  Her office was plain, the decor carefully neutral.  Tony might have made a pass at her if he was drunk; she was maybe a 5 or 6 on a 10 scale, but he caught a glimpse of her computer and noted that she was running Linux for her OS, which immediately endeared her to him.
"I'm sure this is all a misunderstanding," said the colonel.
Steve turned bright pink. "Er..."
One of the other men scoffed.  "He had back-up.  We had a dozen men on this, and the element of surprise.  It shouldn't have been botched this badly."
He squinted out the window of the jet.  It was early morning and it looked clear and warm.  He checked his watch. Five minutes to eight.
Pepper sighed a little.  "...you earned one. Good job not speaking up there, and touching his neck like that?  Front page."
"Maybe Tony should go home," Aria suggested gently. "Considering what happened earlier too. He still looks pretty... merry." She was pulling a cigarette out herself and she couldn't find a lighter. Bethany offered her one. She smiled in thanks.
"Hurry
"Yay," gasped Donner.
Tony felt the swell of his orgasm and eagerly buried himself, biting down, hard.
"Very good," Steve told him as he slid off the bed and walked over to Tony, kissing his forehead. His mate's own excitement was making him smile. He sure hoped Tony wasn't disappointed with the actual product; he was aware that 'Project 84' sounded perhaps more ominous than it really was.
He was drawing a tree, the leaves stretching up across the white ceiling. He drew a moth on top one of them that was so vivid it almost looked real.
"I don't know what you're talking about.
Steve always remembered Lucy, one of the dancers (all omegas too), when she saw him in the outfit for the first time. She laughed, thrown her head back, and said:
Steve was perched on the edge of the bed, phone in his hands, and he was dressed rather nicely, in dark jeans and a tucked-in shirt.  So whatever they were doing, where ever they were going... it was something respectable but not too formal.
One thing Karpov had never discouraged was parroting.  Bucky often resorted to it when he needed to get abstract ideas across and found himself incapable of doing so, which was often.  Bucky tried to remember where Karpov was but couldn't and so instead he just focused on his mission. According to Steve, that was "choosing a side."  Bucky didn't understand the concept of choice. At least not in the way Steve was talking about.
"What, are you looking for the open audition for
Steve spent the rest of the afternoon putting up tents. It was hard work, but not hard enough to make Steve break a sweat. Some of the guys, who were actually bigger than Steve, went wide-eyed when he started lifting up seven-foot poles of steel like they were nothing. The tents would be sturdy, at least. Steve wondered what sort of accommodation the kids were in now...
Downstairs, the rest of the agents, the betas, were making themselves at home.  Tony edged away.
His hands were shaking a little. Did they just say that... Gideon had
"...he has a history," added Phil, softly.  He probably wouldn't have said it if he thought Tony were capable of comprehending.  And Tony didn't react, at least not consciously. He remained pressing Steve into the couch, laying over him like expecting a live grenade to hit them at any moment.
"No thanks," said Tony, standing on his tip-toes to look past her.  The living room was infested in flowers.  "Pepper, about all these stupid flowers.  Steve wants to start a charity.  Can you make that happen?  It's for omega rights, um, a legal omega defense fund and also for omega terminations, if they need it--"
"Tony, you need to call someone who-- who can help with this.  Like Dr. Gleason or one of the SHIELD agents."
When Tony rolled his thumb over the gland Steve let out a quiet whimper.
"Hello, Miss Potts, my name is Natasha. I work with Steve. And I'd like you to sit down." Natasha's voice was polite, almost sweet, but also matter-of-fact and to the point.  It left no room for argument.  "Are you with Tony?"
Pepper wasn't sure what to say.  She agreed with all of it. She knew, perfectly well, how delicate the balance was, what a fragile place Steve's reputation was in.  And she wanted the charity to work out just as much as Aria did; she'd always been for expanding omega rights. Yet she also knew that Tony was so incredibly irresponsible and self-focused that depending on him was a death sentence.  Against all odds, she did like Tony, maybe because she felt sorry for him. His heart was in the right place but he lacked the basic coping mechanisms people typically developed in adolescence. And there was one thing she disagreed with: Tony wouldn't walk away unscathed if things went south.  He clicked with Steve and he couldn't afford to lose any more friends. She'd seen how he reacted when he'd first found out about Bucky. But she didn't comment on it. She reached over and patted Aria's arm.
," he said, shooting Steve a look.  Steve looked and smelled and was acting stressed.  Tony put a hand on his thigh under the table.  "Hey, Steve... slow down.  They'll give us more breadsticks, geez."  He turned back to Sam.  "Yeah, the honeymoon was great.  We only got attacked once, so that was nice, you know, good to have a break..."
"He was an idiot not to appreciate you as much as he should have," Steve disagreed softly. Howard was the epitome of an idiotic man who didn't think with his brain first, at least when Steve knew him. He got into plenty of tangles with girls, multiple girls, and if he'd just stopped and
Tony looked at Pepper.  She was in a sharp, pale grey suit that made her green eyes pop.  A constellation of freckles danced over her nose; her hair shimmered.
, right?"
Whew, it's been a rough year for the boys.  Here's some well-deserved fluff.
Tony brushed his teeth in the shower and washed his hair, feeling a bit better.  When he was hungover, he took his showers at a lukewarm temperature; the coolness felt good.
"You know what's rude?
"Yeah, well, it doesn't for me, okay?  I must be broken or something," said Tony, putting his fingers through his hair and staring at the surface of the table.
They nodded in sync.
"Oh you know, it's fun." Yes, she speaks! Piper finally look up at him. "Alphas do their thing. You know how it is."
?" she hissed.  "
"Happy!" Pepper snapped in desperation and the driver was among them in moments. He stood between Tony and the door to Steve's cabin. The small sliver of space between professionality and the point of no return.
"Its not a fucking trio," said Sam suddenly.
Tony ran a hand down his back.  "I'll come with you," he said with determination.  Seeing Steve's face, he added, "Oh,
Pepper was still staring, wide-eyed.  "He did that with his
...I would
The week ended up too busy and Steve's head was swimming from interviews. On Friday he got a disappointing text from Phil.
"How is everyone else? Not in too much trouble, right?"
Gene had already begun drifting off.  Time to switch tactics.
"You owe him an apology."
"Gideon wants me back, though?" asked Donner, hope creeping into his voice.
he had."
"You know that if the Avengers come, they'll try to kill you," he whispered, voice soft. "So you have to run. You don't stay and fight. You run. Tony will kill you because he doesn't understand."  Steve smiled then, sadly. "I didn't either. And I'm sorry. I see now that this isn't your doing and that this isn't your fault.  You really don't remember anything, do you, Bucky?"
"We need fully functional soldiers.  Not semi-functional ones."
Everyone cheered, until Steve took the microphone, thanked them for coming, and asked them to leave.  The crowd grumbled and booed unhappily; Steve apologized as the DJ began packing up; Tony took the microphone back from Steve.
"There are many ways in which an Alpha must assert his dominance in the home," she continued, her voice booming through out the room. "Most importantly, you must assert their place in the bedroom--"
"What's that?"
"And yet, here we are," said Tony, leaning back in his chair.
"Oh?"
with violence."
that, since you were so buddy-buddy, huh?  He
Tony was lying on a new couch, in full armor.  Phil had suggested that sensory deprivation might help Tony find Steve.  Everyone was gathered around, watching the limp suit of armor draped over the couch, Tony inside it.
Tony had thought the matter with the concierge had been fully dealt with, but then they got to their suite, where the phone was ringing. Steve didn't want to answer it. But he pulled his mobile out to find his phone was, in fact, dead and, sighed.
"Fine," grumbled Tony.  He rolled out of bed to flop onto the floor dramatically.  He did this regularly. This time, however, it was followed with a round of high-pitched swearing; he'd forgotten about the broken fingers.
"I'll call you back!" Steve called out and Pepper took mercy on him and hung up.
"Oh, yeah, every day, it sucks.  I just ignore him," said George breezily.
"This isn't for the media.  This isn't for SHIELD. This is for
a HYDRA base?  HYDRA, like, the guys who tried to kill you recently?" repeated Tony.  In an instant, his hackles were up and he was bristling.
Phil eyed Sitwell through the one-way glass, sipping on coffee from a paper cup.  "We don't know that he knows anything, yet," he said evenly.
"...this book is blank," he reported, his excitement falling.
oppressing me in there. I wasn't being oppressed. It wasn't that dramatic. I just felt...overwhelmed. I couldn't stop thinking about what those women must have thought of me. And I
Clint helped ease him back down onto the bench as Phil fanned out the blood samples on the surface beside him. "They took my blood. I think. A lot of it," Steve whispered.
He flipped through a notebook, bored, while the film skipped again.  Howard had walked off screen and two other, unknown people were trying to find a better angle for the model Howard had been standing behind, the same one that was now sitting on Tony's desk.
"Look at him. He's half dead! You would take what is not freely given? Is
"That's me."
"Oh.  Well, only 'cause I'm so proud of Steve," said Tony, rubbing his head.  He was realizing he might have a slight concussion from when he'd been dragged down into the crowd; his head had smacked the pavement.  Tony took some comfort in knowing he had IQ points to spare. Still, he just wanted to rest.
He hoped Steve's day got better.  Hoped that running had the same effect on Steve as looking over computer code did for Tony.
"Did you like it?  Being held down?" he asked curiously.  "I mean... normally... Alphas pin omegas... just wondering if you ever... well... y'know.  Want that. Obviously I can't really..." He shrugged a little. A pause. "I guess that's why I built it.  Because I wanted to be stronger than myself. Wanted to be able to fight back." His voice lowered. "That's the thing about brains versus brawn.  Someone hits you, you can hit back. When you're smart, you can't hit back. You have to plan. You have to wait. Be patient." He stared at the expressionless mask of the suit of armor, the brilliance of its red and gold sheen.  "I had to wait, for ninety-six days. They say revenge is a dish best served cold, but..." He trailed off, still eyeing the suit. "But now I don't have to wait anymore," he finished.
Tony choked on an olive.  Someone whacked him on the back until he coughed it back into his drink.
He headed upstairs to find Rhodey had shown himself out. Steve really wasn't sure what to do with himself. He'd gotten into enough trouble for the week, hell the year. He was about to head upstairs when he smelt a hint of nicotine in the air. He stepped outside to find Aria by the pool on one of the deckchairs, she was smoking and tapping away her tablet. Aria looked up to see him and smiled, "hey."
"No."
Steve just groaned from the other side of the door and slammed his fist against it. The wood creaked. He knew Tony wanted to have him. And he wanted to give himself to him. He needed to. His body ached for it.
, goddamn hear him. He wasn't aware of anything that wasn't Tony or the dildo in his ass and he wasn't going to stop rocking into it either. Steve needed release so badly; he felt so full...
"Let's just go find somewhere to sit down for a minute; all these crowds are doing my head in," Steve said and reached down to take Tony's hand.
"--Agent Hill is on the line for Captain Rogers."
"I just wanna be home already," he murmured, nuzzling against Tony's thigh. "Feels like I've been away for months," he said, when in reality it had only been one day.
I can't."
"You've got to be fucking crazy if you think we're bringing Donner back," said Tony.
He groaned, crawling upwards.  "Steve!" he called out weakly, desperately.  "
"How bad is it?" asked Tony, nodding up the drive.
"I could go to their little omega corner thing. Maybe. I don't want to get them in trouble though; this is so tricky." Steve sighed and leaned his head on Tony's shoulder. "Least we know why Malick hates me so much," he mumbled bemusedly.  "You may as well go to some of the stuff. It's really important that we can do interviews about this afterwards and talk about our experiences; the same goes for you Tony," Steve said softly. "This doesn't just hurt omegas. This perpetuates a type of Alpha lifestyle which prevents them from having legitimate relationships and just feeds into anxieties."
"Sam," Natasha put a hand on his arm. "Not now. Let's find Steve then you can fight later. If the Winter Soldier isn't being violent, that can only be a good thing," she pointed out and Phil hummed.
"There's twenty-six.
It was quiet for a moment.
"...I did?"
"Whoa, buddy." Sam put a hand on his ankle to still him. Steve was on some kind of medical bench. "Calm down. It's just us."
There was a heavy iron gate; Tony opened it (
... after I find Rhodey... me and him, we always do
They left the park via said instruction to find Wisdom by the park's south end, smoking against his car. He looked older now, somehow. He exhaled slowly and then dropped his cigarette as they got near, stamping it out with a very shiny looking shoe.
"The key is finding one of the omegas they use at the camps for...practice," George said, visibly grimacing. "If we can find one of them alive and willing to testify, then we'll be set. But so far the only ones we've managed to find are dead."
"Everything okay?" Hal asked, happily talking and looking around at her Alpha's side. Her demeanor hadn't changed at all. "Seemed like a bit of a commotion."
"Yes, you can have a bagel when we get home."
Tony closed his eyes and sighed with contentment as he heard Steve's voice.
He nuzzled the inside of Steve's thigh softly.  Steve's softening cock was inches from his face.
"Sorry, sir."
Behind the man on the phone  were two women.  Nurses?  Assistants?  They were pretty, but blank-faced and silent.  Like robots.
"You caught me, buddy," said Tony, patting DeSoto again.  "...hey, what was your old name, DeSoto?"
Jed nodded. "Of course. Makes sense. We've been very grateful for your help, Captain."
Steve nodded, trying to push down any nerves he had. He was relieved Tony had liked it. Steve hadn't been sure but he'd only been too shy to ask anyone else for their opinion on the matter. He thought about asking Aria, but she thought so much of him and he didn't think she could deal with him defiling the 'Cap' image quite like this. Clint would never drop it and Natasha would be too smug about it. Sam would have given him so much shit...and he already had too much dirt on Steve.
Sure, if anyone tried to mess with Steve, Tony would fight to the death to defend him.  But now, the idea of anyone stealing Steve away just seemed stupid.  Which was weird, because nothing had changed.
"Oh... fuck, yeah," Tony mumbled into Steve's skin, rolling his hips.  "...so tight... good boy, Steve..." He didn't bother trying to get the knot in; Steve's body was too tight and they hadn't done enough foreplay, but it didn't matter to him; even only having this much was still glorious.  He could feel Steve's body desperately clenching at the violation and the way it massaged his shaft was sinfully good. He doubted he was going to last very long and he didn't really care.
The person above him laughed.  "Well, I think you earned you.  You're all finished up here."
Some people clearly noticed Steve and smiled him at shyly.
"I'm Justin Hammer," the Alpha grinned wolfish and stuck out a hand. Steve instantly didn't like him. He remembered the name from the list. Avoid- Pepper had added the note of '
Donner gave a tiny nod and went back to staring out of the window.  He didn't say another word for the entire drive west.
"Rogers." Never had his tone been more patronizing. "You can't be serious. This is just a simulation."
"Oh.  Well, call Steve, have him pick one up on the way home.  JARVIS! Call Steve."
Tony tugged Steve's hand, dragging him back off stage, behind the safety of the curtains, into the wings.  The din of the crowd softened as they slipped through the door toward the backstage area.  And then the moment was over, and that was that.  They'd opened Pandora's box.  But Steve couldn't have been happier.
"...Bucky was your mate before Tony," pointed out Dr. Brennan quietly.  "Do you want him to find you? If he does, what's your plan for... dealing, as you put it?"
Steve's blue eyes shot up at the question. "You are an ass. A massive one," he agreed bluntly. "But there's a lot more to you than that. I've met a lot of utter assholes in my time." Now that much was true. "And even if they paid me ten times as much as you do, I still wouldn't work for them. This is probably one of the most rewarding but most stressful jobs I've ever done." Also true. "I wouldn't have done it without good reason. I like believing in things. I like believing in people." He could almost hear Nat telling him to 'tone down the Captain America' in his head. "If you weren't a good person, I wouldn't be here," Steve said simply.  "Though, for the record, if you ever say I'm
"I'm here... it's okay, I'm here..." he mumbled into Steve's neck.  He let go of one wrist to reach down and find Steve's waistband, fumbling with his zipper.
"And I didn't need
Steve didn't want to fight with him. But he also didn't have the energy to pretend everything was okay. It wasn't. And had Tony seen the footage of him in that cell? He didn't want him to. He didn't want anyone to. He prayed no one thought to download it.
"...Steve... there's... complications.  Okay? I love you. I really do. You remember your first heat?  It was... like how you hear about in fairy tales and sitcoms and stuff.  True love. Instantaneous. The kind where you smell the other person and it just... sings to you.  You know? I love you, my... my body chose you. But here's the other thing." He cleared his throat a little.  "I like Pepper. A lot. Okay? She's a beta, and I don't feel the same... passion. But I really, really like her.  And if I had a chance with her, which I don't right now, but maybe someday... I'd want to take it, you know?" Tony paused.
Natasha was on loud speaker as she drove over. "What made him walk out, exactly?  Was it something Bucky said?"
And then nothing more was said as Sam returned with clothes and a first aid kit he'd found in the bathroom. Pepper cleaned up the wound, not wanting Steve to smell of Sam later, and then patched it up best she could before they both worked on getting Steve into a tee and a pair of running shorts. They were the most comfortable clothes Sam could find.
Tony smiled sleepily.  "...how did Captain America end up with toys?"  He assumed Steve meant dildos. Tony had a wide variety of toys at his disposal, as well.  After all, he was rich and led an opulent lifestyle. But many of his toys-- the floggers, the handcuffs-- had lost their appeal after Afghanistan.
This all felt like it was so much bigger than him. It was more than a little intimidating.
"Natasha could probably take on Frond
The moment Tony was off the plane and in fresh air, it was like a spell had been lifted.  He breathed deeply, hoping they wouldn't have to talk about this.  He stared out the window of the car, silently commanding Pepper not to bring it up.
The omega began walking slowly toward them; both of them watched warily.
forgot to mention it to me!  We didn't talk much, he was apparently too busy with his little underground... what are you guys, again, a fight club?  Maybe that's why he didn't mention you, you know, first rule of fight club... why
Tony loped downstairs just before noon, his hair a mess, yawning sleepily.  He'd taken the time to put in contacts. Now that he had Steve back, he wasn't interested in looking like a hipster any longer.  It was back to sunglasses and goatees instead of regular glasses and beards.
Normally his assistant would swoop in and escort her out but he had no assistant.  Pepper wasn't talking to him.  Rhodey wasn't talking to him.  Steve was gone.
Or perhaps it was simpler even than that.  Perhaps Tony just wanted to show off.  There were going to be quite a few celebrities at the Prix, and Tony loved bragging about the suit.  The case was eye-catching, shining with a metallic, racecar red.
"...it's healing pretty good," said Tony, wanting to reassure Steve, voice cracking a little.  "Looks clean. It's not... not messed up or anything, your gland's fine."
He got up, straight-backed, jaw tight, and walked out with the incredible self-control and discipline worthy of a super soldier.  There was no yelling.  No scene.  Tony would have felt more comfortable with a scene, with Steve reacting with anger.  But there was only cold disappointment.  He strode out without looking back.
"...will I ever be allowed back out on the field?"
The walls were now littered with drawings. He had a wall dedicated to the forties. A lot of it was of Peggy and of the faces he remembered from the forties, faces he didn't want to forget. (No Bucky though. Steve had itched to draw him but also knew he couldn't without upsetting Tony.) He'd tried to draw his mother a few times but he struggled to remember her face. Another wall was the team.: Sam, Clint, fellow omegas.  The other two walls were mostly blank for now, aside from the odd doodle. Steve's favorite was a fox that looked like it was about to climb up onto the windowsill.
He turned to Tony and said, "You look after him." And there was a warmness edging into Ty's tone that Steve hadn't heard before.
"Uh-huh," said Tony weakly.  The swagger and bravado that Natasha and Sam had complained about earlier was gone, replaced with a stupefied docility that was extremely uncomfortable to witness.  A lot of people came out of the simulation with this sort of dazed compliance, though.
, Steve, isn't
Tony groaned.  Beneath him, Steve was still lost in thought; Tony nosed his neck.  "Steve?  You okay?  ...penny for your thoughts?"
"He's not
"--no, not great, Tony...
He loped downstairs after a quick stop to the bathroom to make sure his hair and beard were presentable, and to pop in contacts.  It was already lunchtime.  He nearly tripped over the orchids lining the stairs.
"Naw.  I don't want to make you late to go play with Fury's space rock."
Another perfect day.  The sky was crystal clear.  Perfect conditions for a test flight.  The Mark V had recently been tinkered with; now might be a good time to take it out and see what it could do.  Nothing quite helped Tony relax like being in the suit; the feeling of power was unparalleled.  It was hard to have any real worries in that thing.
anymore Alabama?" groaned Tony.
Steve smashed through front mirror with his foot before leaning down and ripping out the steering wheel and slamming it into the man's face. He had the special brief case attached to him-- good to know. Said man was now unconscious, blood dripping out of his nose as his head slumped forward.
Steve was rendered speechless.  He turned his attention to the flowers instead, trying not to act too hurt that he'd been left out of a mission.  "Nice roses."
Tony thought about the train.  The memory of the icy sting of snow on his face.  The feeling of vertigo.  The smell of metal and smoke.
"...Tony," said Justin softly.
.  And he remembered how clearly he'd been told that he would never, ever like this, no matter how much he seemed to.
"Love the look, classic, Steve, you look great.  I threw the Mark V in the trunk.  You wanna drive?  I'm going to go ahead and bring some scotch, I'm feeling pretty energetic, maybe it's this coffee.  Great coffee, by the way.  You know sometimes I like to throw a few shots in there and call it Starkbucks.  Steve, hurry up, you're making us late."  Tony checked his watch.  "Are Clint and Natasha going to be there?  ...does everyone have to watch the psych eval?  I mean, I'm not worried, I think it'll go great, obviously, I just... just want to know, that's all, it's good to know. knowledge is power, Francis Bacon said that, you know, bacon would go great with these pancakes, man, I love strawberries, Pepper never used to use them for some reasons, it was always blueberries with her..." Tony continued as he loped down the stairs.
"Fuck," Aria whispered.
"Three reminds me of Ashtray," said Hal wistfully.  She looked over at Steve. "Ashtray was bonded publicly the day after the auction.  They had to hold him down and he cried the whole time. Me and my Alpha couldn't watch.  We had to leave. It was barbaric."
"Tony, I can't tell you that.  Are you done wasting my time yet?"
"Here."  Happy forked over a pair of jeans; Tony held on to his shoulder for support while he tugged them on.  The paramedics looked alarmed; Tony was a mess and the bruises were starting to bloom. Undoubtedly, he looked worse than he was, because of the dirt on his face and his hair being so wild.
Phil offered him a small nod in return.
"Didn't you and Clint spend yours in a shady motel in Serbia?" Sam asked Natasha.
"I'm glad we ended up here," he mumbled, half into the pillow his head was cushioned on, but his words were sincere.
"Good job, Jarv, thanks."
"Sure thing," Natasha breathed, tone as casual as if she'd just asked her out for coffee.  She slunk into the shadows and disappeared almost immediately, as stealthily as a cat.
"Steve," said Tiberius, gently.  He reached over and touched Steve lightly; Steve's body shuddered involuntarily.  "You're nearly through your heat. Only one or two days to go. Right now you're very sensitive... I'm sure both of you will feel better when this is over."
"Is there something wrong with June?"  Steve asked, ready to defend himself.
"So is anyone gonna tell me the plan?  I didn't read the briefs," added Tony lazily.
He blinked slowly, expression blissful. "I'm sorry too," he whispered.  "I didn't enjoy lying to you," Steve continued. "But I still did it. And I'm glad I did. The Tony Stark I was told about before I worked for you was worlds away from the reality," he murmured. "You surprised me Tony, pleasantly so. And after waking up having missed 70 odd years of history... not much surprises me.  Anyway, I kind of pride myself in being uppity, if I know what that means. Which I think I do..."
Tony tilted back the bottle and took several long, deep, loud gulps.  "...great.  More omegas in your fan club," he said.  Clearing, lying in a hot bath with one arm around a blond and another hand gripping the neck of a bottle of several-thousand-dollar champagne wasn't at all foreign to him.  In fact, he almost sounded bored.
things of me. My other Alpha isn't around, so he can't ask for anything."
"Sir?  Mr. Hammer is on line one," announced JARVIS.
They'd all known.  Natasha, dominant, powerful Natasha: she'd
By the time they were introducing him to Dr. Brazinski ("or Sarah, if you prefer"), Tony was feeling a lot calmer than he had in the morning.
Tony cupped his hand around his mouth and yelled from the crowd, “DO PARTY IN THE USA!”
What else didn't he know about? What other means did Tony have of hurting himself in the house?
Pietro turned his head to look at her.  "Afterwards?" he echoed in confusion.
Steve was doing, so he was just being neutral until he gleaned more information.
"Great.  I have days.  Do it," demanded Tony.  "Just be subtle, okay?  I don't want to get Steve in trouble."
Tony groaned without meaning to and the audience laughed, eagerly expecting the next question.
omega... Say it.  Let me hear you say it."
"Hear what?"
"No, witch.  She had magic," Steve whispered, mesmerized as Pepper wrapped up his hand. The metal grip on the back of his neck was beginning to irritate the scar tissue there. He squirmed uncomfortably.  "He told me that Tony would stop me from hurting myself. Told me they would take me and I couldn't stop them because Tony wouldn't let me hurt myself," Steve said and then began to shake, looking distressed.  "I didn't want to go there.  I don't know how.  I'm sorry.  I don't want to go with them.  Not again.  I hated it.  The chair, the arm..."
"...what
"Maybe they just wanted to see how far the chip would get before it got destroyed. Wanted to see how paranoid we already were," Steve suggested quietly and Rhodey sighed.
But Tony had navigated the conversation with perfectly surreal humor and then Steve was trying not laugh because Tony's attitude to him was priceless.  He'd always loved the Stark system of malicious compliance, the sarcasm, the wit, the charm.
"I must try delicious Greek yogurt."
"You guys both kicked ass yesterday," Banksy tried to point. "You can't let this get you down." Even though it was evidently getting him down too.
Banksy threw an arm around Donner.  "This is
With his unoccupied hand, he adjusted his coat, which was still over Steve's shoulders.
More footsteps. The witch.  The asset was glad; once she put him to sleep he could get up, toss him over the soldier, and take him someplace warm.
"Know what?  ...what?" demanded Tony.
"Listen," said Rhodey.  "You walk out here, and change you mind, you can go back.  We're not kidnapping you. We're just giving you an out. We're opening a door.  We're already handing over five hundred grand... you might as well try it. You wanna come back, you can, but why would you want this, Donner?  Why would you want to hang around Alphas who kick you around?"
Steve turned a dark shade of pink and all the women around him started giggling. "Yep," he squeaked. Nothing to be ashamed of, Steve reminded himself. He was his own omega and he could stick whatever he wanted up there. Or get Tony to stick it-- Oh, Lord. Judy didn't seem phased, and just carried on reeling off legal information, pretending not to notice Steve was bright red.
Steve shifted his legs, seeing if he could push Bucky off him. Didn't seem likely. He swallowed and licked his lips. He was very aware that he wasn't out of the woods yet.
Tony's blood ran cold.
After mating, they'd gone on a disastrous date, then Steve had had his psych eval, then had a follow-up eval, then they'd had another blow-up fight when Tony learned about Bucky, then they'd gone to the Expo the day before yesterday, where Vanko had tried to kill them.
He hoped Dr. Brazinski didn't get all worked up about the tulip thing.  He'd mentioned tulips and then had a memory of being in a field of the damn things.  He didn't think they needed to explore that, though.  Tony had a chip on his shoulder about Barnes, but Barnes was dead and he and Steve were fine, so it wasn't anything that needed discussed.
Steve didn't think he could sleep though. So he went to draw. He drew in the walls of his designated 'drawing room' until around two in the morning. He drew a picture of Dum Dum with his stupid hat on because he'd been missing the man a lot recently. Half way through a drawing of Falsworth Steve called it quits as his eyes kept threatening to fall shut.
Tom Banksy was an omega at least thirty years younger than Boswell, and the polar opposite.  Boswell never smiled; Banksy was young and chipper and bouncy and bubbly. He wore outrageously colorful suits and was constantly making jokes.  It was the first time an Alpha-omega bonded pair had been on television together as co-hosts and it was considered a bold, dangerous move. What's more, the omega's name came first.  ("It's alphabetical. It sounds better that way," Boswell had told the press dully, refusing to acknowledge the strange, progressive turn the show had taken.) Despite the initial controversy, people liked Banksy and the two of them had incredible chemistry on the screen.  Boswell's deadpan mannerisms became more comic and likeable when contrasted with Banksy's larger-than-life personality; Banksy filled a much-needed role on the show, which had become increasingly stern and political. The interviews were still thorough and thought-provoking but now, they felt less like attacks, and the show had been hailed as the precursor for news satire shows like
Steve frowned. He obviously wasn't impressed that Tony had gotten drunk, today of all days, and in front of a load of kids. "I'm coming back to talk to you lot," Steve said, giving 'Paul' a warning look before he grabbed Tony's arm and pulled him off towards their tent. He was becoming increasingly aware that this wasn't just about saving the omegas here but also showing them what right and wrong meant, and breaking it to them that someone had done awful things to the people they kept in the annex. But omegas like Paul had to know what they'd done, so they didn't do it again, or let other people do it to them.
He kicked at the door twice and it swung open. Steve stepped into the room. And a second later a plate was thrown at his head. Steve ducked (thank you, super serum reflexes) and it smashed against a wall.
Home.  Home was a big, empty, sterile, house on the edge of a cliff.  Home wasn't Steve.  Home wasn't an omega.  Home was what Tony had always suspected it was.  Cold metal and copper circuits and math equations that always had something on the other side of the equal sign.  Home was a place where nothing could hurt you, where emotions were rendered obsolete by the mechanics of engineering.  Where everything had a objective, finite solution, without other Alphas, without ghosts of the past rearing their ugly head.
"Yes sir," Steve replied bemusedly and moved to pick Tony up. He walked them out of the sand, his shoes covered in it as they headed out onto the grassy plane that stretched between the beach and cliffs that held up Tony's home.
"Iron Man!" said Jorge enthusiastically.  "
?  I don't see a lot of indications that you're especially concerned with your own well-being."  She paused, then asked, quietly, "To what extent do you think growing up as an omega in the twenties and thirties has influenced that?"
Fury didn't smile.  "No. That won't be necessary."  He rose. "Off the record," he repeated, then stalked over toward the door.
He still felt horny, he would for a few days...but he no longer felt a need to jump Tony's bones. He no longer felt a need to straddle him whilst he still slept. Steve blinked. The smell of food was really very tempting but he couldn't leave Tony alone and make him panic again and he looked so peaceful just lying there Steve daren't wake him up either.  He just lay there for a while, staring up at the ceiling, enjoying the sensation of being back in control of himself.
He couldn't see his face; the mask gave him dead eyes. There was none of Bucky here. Maybe Steve had been wrong.
Bucky blinked and looked over.  "...I dunno. Seemed like the right thing to do.  We were living together, sharing a bed... he didn't have anyone else after his ma died.  He needed an Alpha and we'd been pals for years..."
Natasha sidled up to Steve while Tony spoke with a senior agent about firearms.  The group was heading into the base; everyone was orbiting around Tony like he was planet with a dozen moons.  Any of Tony's earlier nervousness had been transformed; Tony was grinning easily and acting like he did when he was on stage, basking in the attention, cracking jokes and making quips.
"I'll procure a car," said Natasha, striding toward the nearby village.
"Are you going to be nice to him?"
Tony felt his hackles rise in an instant and it took a moment for his brain to catch up to his emotions.
Outside of the bathroom, Steve's cell phone pinged.
Steve kept his eyes shut. He pretended to be asleep.
"The way Alphas and omegas feel each other is different. You're more likely to feel things like fear and panic from me because you're the 'protector.' I'm more likely to feel your anger and disappointment because I'm supposed to appease you," Steve pointed out.  "Maybe since both Alphas are the protectors, they won't feel each other.  I dunno.  I never heard of two Alphas sharing an omega before.  But if we both feel Bucky...we'll both feel him differently. But ever since Bucky was in HYDRA, I never felt him, Tony.  And that's when we just had
"Just, you know...the morning after. Bucky had brought a girl home. I'd been in heat- sort of. I was upset with him so I threw cocoa at him and then locked myself in the bathroom. Hence, coffee cup."
"What about breakfast?" asked one of the kids in a loud whisper.
Steve was kind of surprised how much this was about getting knocked up. There was a whole other talk on pregnancy, after all. But apparently 'good sex' just equated to getting pregnant. Steve didn't know why but he found that notion slightly depressing.
"That better not be a missile," said Sitwell, staring at it.
"Just... just Tony," said Tony awkwardly, letting her shake his hand.
. Don't leave
He'd never experienced pain like that, not that he was aware of.  He'd been shot and stabbed and hit in the back of the head with a cast-iron skillet, but this... this was unbearable, his heart was straining, he couldn't figure out what this feeling was except that he didn't like it at all and he probably needed medical attention.
Tony reached up to place a hand on Steve's stomach.  "Lay down for me, Steve?" he asked, his voice softer, less teasing and more sincere.
He rolled over, groggily; the sheets were soaked with sweat.  Steve had kicked off the blankets and was lying spread-eagle, his skin flushed and gleaming.
. Suddenly the whole of Steve's body felt like it was on fire. He collapsed onto his knees and groaned. The pain, it was unbearable, he couldn't- Steve sucked in a shuddering breath, the shocking pain gone as quickly as it came. Phil knelt down beside him and pressed a hand against Steve's forehead. "It didn't work," he murmured.
Tony shook it, even though he had no idea what Sean was wishing him luck with.  "Thanks for the wine."
In the air, Tony was still desperately trying to deal with the drones.  He had not been able to count how many there were.  Not that it mattered.  Any more than one was too many.
"Steve! Tony!"
"All Alphas in the room who don't give a shit if the omegas drink," said Tony suddenly, and threw his hand up in the air.  Rhodey and Sam both followed suit.
Steve had been out for the better part of the day.
Tony was worried SHIELD wouldn't want him now, not after this fiasco.  So far he'd mostly caused them trouble.  In the past he would have enjoyed stirring things up, but bonding had caused him to leap about ten years forward in maturity.  It wasn't just his own life he was toying with anymore.  Steve was a part of it and Steve was a part of SHIELD and Tony had a vested interested in at least
"Not now," Nick waved away the agent trying to get his attention. "Hill, with me."
He didn't even look back. Tony didn't want him. He didn't. Steve felt numb all over, like someone has stolen the air out of his lungs. Like he was drowning in ice cold water all over again. Steve realised he was being lead up to a car.
He didn't remember a goddamn thing from the previous night; fortunately, Steve had left a note reminding him that he'd be at Clint's.
, realized Tony.
Steve was making a lot of little noises that were very distinctively un-Captainly, but Tony found them encouraging.  "...you can cum, if you want," he said quietly. He leaned back down to lap at Steve's shaft before sliding it back into his mouth and giving it a long, slow pull, returning to bobbing his head.  Steve was squirming under him, his fists clenching and unclenching in the sand, his hips and thighs shivering under Tony. He was grateful that Steve wasn't thrusting, wasn't grabbing his hair or shoving him down, all things Tony had done to Steve without really thinking about it.  Tony may have been the more experienced one, but Steve was a much more considerate lover. But Tony had been sincere about wanting to be a better mate to him, more considerate. He knew he had a long way to go and there was a steep learning curve but... well, trying never hurt.
Banksy slid up behind Steve and leaned in to murmur to him.  "Why don't you take your Alpha outside to calm down? We should just keep them separate... they're going to keep setting each other off, you know how Aces are."
The first day would be Steve's most demanding. Then his body would slow down a little, although only a little. And by the last he would be sore and tired and spend most of it sleeping, thank God. Of course, Steve had never experienced this properly before but he'd read a lot about it. And Clint, being the sweetheart he was, had written him a quick guide to heats, a pamphlet he'd snagged at a doctor's office that looked like it was geared toward teens. Not that Steve was really thinking about anything aside from Tony's dick inside of him right that moment.
Tony darted into the living room with a bowl of grapes, still sporting an incredibly obvious erection.
"You don't get it," said Tony hollowly, curling up tightly.  "I thought... I thought he was
"So good," Steve hummed as they got into the car and Nat disappeared on the other line. "Does anyone else feel really good right now?  About the show?  The show went really good."
"Hmph...sleep now."
Pepper walked into the bathroom and came back with some bandages.  "Give me your hand," she demanded.
She went quiet. "Bad or good? Or...?"
"Great.  What else?" said Sam encouragingly.
"Steve asked me to."
"Literally... nothing..." he gasped, still leaning over, spitting occasionally.  "Dunno how often they go into heat or how long or nothing... never been with one in heat, either... ever... never wanted to... don't wanna... don't wanna feel anything... can't... oh, my God, I think maybe I might be a little drunk."  He spat again, stomach twisting and coiling inside him.
When Steve woke up they kept him a small room. Four walls, no windows. They were some newspapers and books but that was about all for the first few weeks. He'd felt so useless with nothing to really do. It had nearly driven him insane. When Natasha had shown up and said she was going to start training him he'd never been more grateful in his life. He hadn't been very good at first and every session had ended with Nat making him land on his ass. But being beaten in a fight had been better than doing nothing. That was one thing he had loved about being Tony's PA. He had
He got out on their floor and then stepped into their suite, one of the guards letting him in with a nod. Tony wasn't in the living area. Steve's heart was beating incredibly fast. Fuck. He really was nervous. He set his bag down on the sofa and then shrugged his jacket off and folded it over his arm.
He only perked up when he saw Sam directing Steve towards corner table their corner table.  Steve moved to sit by him immediately, finding his hand under the table and taking it. Steve could have his own panic later; reassuring Tony was more important than anything else right now. He wasn't even thinking about Bucky anymore- only Tony.
"Steve," Phil let out a sigh. "What's going on?"
"If they think making him smell like Bucky is going to stop me from hitting him then they've got another thing coming," Steve said lowly, ramping the speed up on his treadmill to two stages higher. He started jogging again. He'd begun to feel better but now, with what Natasha was saying,he wasn't so sure. Maybe it was just HYDRA fucking with his head. But that thought alone with chilling. How dare they desecrate the memory of Bucky by doing this. Now
Lucky.
should be mad at
The man's eyes roamed from Steve's neck, to Tony's, back to Steve.  But he didn't comment. "...you have a nice flight in?" he asked, with forced casualness.
"But I don't know how to make coffee."
"Knock yourself out," said Tony.  "Do you mind if I hold you, though?"  He wanted nothing more than to wrap his arms around Steve and hold him in his lap.  It was a position that was tricky for them because of the size difference, but a year of being together meant they'd figured it out.
Tony smiled slightly.  As a fellow troublemaker, he liked how Steve opposed authority.  He was a soldier, yes, but he marched to the beat of his own drum; Steve did things according to a personal value system and not simply because he was told what to do.  Tony liked that.
It took two attempts for Steve to make it downstairs. He seemed to forget about the clothes thing and almost headed down there naked.  Tony grabbed him and re-directed him, knowing that Steve was naturally modest and would be mortified if he let others see him naked.  Or at least, he would be once his heat was over.
"What happened?"
"Tony?" Steve turned over onto his front, nudging his nose against Tony's cheek. "You need to wake up."
Tony bit; immediately, he tasted something sharp, astringent, and bitter.
Tony's eyes were already open.  "No, no, I'm awake, I wanna party," he protested, flopping out of the car.
"The base we're infiltrating is an old school-" Steve sent Sam a look when he looked like he wasn't going to laugh at the use 'old-school'. "-style laboratory. It doesn't run on the grid or with any sort of automated system, so we'll have to dismantle the security systems manually.  But the good thing about that is that it'll be easier for us.  There's three different power sources, generators, in the forest that surrounds the base; if we cut the power sources, we'll be able to cause a blackout.  Super easy."
Steve's eyes met hers. "That's right."
Steve knew that a part of him would always feel lonely. That was unavoidable. A part of him was stuck in a time passed with no one who understood it with him. Steve felt less alone in the 21st century however. Now he had Tony.
. This is what SHIELD recruited me for. This isn't even a high risk mission.  You gotta let me do this.  I want your support in this. I want to know that my Alpha believes in me and is behind me."
"Are you allowed to smoke that in here?" asked Pepper.
Tony had a couple of White Russians for breakfast while Steve watched disapprovingly.
"Look, I know you're mad at me-"
He pulled out his phone and moved to call Happy. A lovely, sound man. A beta who Steve honestly admired; his optimism and loyalty were something else.
He was banking on her having it, on someone having something, some weapon; his prayers were answered when, a moment later, she was pitching a disc at him.  And while it wasn't quite the same as
all day.
Tony let out a groan, drawing a shaky hand over his face.  "My Expo..."
"Now drink."  She shoved a bottle of water into his hand.
Tony looked at the waiter.  "...Steve will have..." he began, "...his order taken."  He leaned back with clear enjoyment.
"...we are
"You sure?"
Steve reached a hand up, brushing against his thigh before he moved to play with Tony's balls just liked he asked, sucking as he drew back off. He let let the wet tip rest against his lips, mouth slightly parted. This is what good omegas did. Steve was getting hard himself now and wet between his legs.
Tony plucked a glass of champagne off a passing silver plate being borne by an exhausted-looking waiter.
Steve had to wait for Tony to shower and get ready before he could venture outside. It was frustrating to feel so penned in, especially wit DeSoto lounging around in the living room. It never occurred to Steve that omegas oppressing
"...you know..." pressed Yasic, elbowing him.
"...you
"Naw, they like seeing me here.  The company's got my name. I'm kind of the mascot," said Tony breezily.
"Ah, Coleridge, actually."
"But, no matter how much I love you, I'm not watching
"...oh, see, it's gettin' good," said one, grinning, watching as Bucky bit Steve.  "There they go."
dominant. And yet he seemed more withdrawn, not shy but... bored perhaps? Steve didn't even usually notice dominance. He wasn't on his mind like it was for an Alpha. But it was hard to
"Obviously, there's something special about the captain," said the younger man, elbow propped up on the lab bench and legs dangling idly from a stool.
"No!  I only read my own publications!"
When Tony had woken to find the bed empty, every protective instinct in his body had kicked in and he'd assumed the worst.  Steve was dead, or kidnapped, being tortured and raped by HYDRA, had been stolen away by Bucky... Tony was shaking with panic even though it had only taken him a minute to tear out of bed and downstairs.  His hackles had risen and adrenaline was pumping; the brief moment of separation from his mate, not knowing where Steve was, had evoked a primal response and he was struggling to calm down.
Sitwell was seated at what was left of the marble breakfast bar in the center and Aria was currently plating up a full English breakfast for each of them. Steve really didn't pay her enough. And then there was a man Steve didn't recognize. He looked like someone who could actually handle Steve in a fight, well built and strong. He was sure they sent him with that intention.
"The what?" Steve's nostrils flared a little and when he went back to Trickshot's room. And then he saw it. "Jesus Christ," he muttered.
Oh, Maxwell, Tesla, and Euler, Tony was
"But we don't know what the boy does," said Gleason.
While he carefully sculpted his goatee, he thought about what Steve had said.  A test run might be a good idea.  Maybe SHIELD didn't know everything he'd been through, but his own mind did, and Tony had only just wrestled his panic attacks under control in the last year.  The first few months that he'd come back had been brutal; the only people in the world who had witnessed him in a flashback were Pepper and Happy, and both of them were sworn to secrecy.  Tony wanted a heads-up if any of that was going to rear its ugly head during a psych eval.  After all, no one had put the guy with the metal arm in Steve's brain, but there he was.  The subconscious was a murky and unpredictable thing.
"I'm... I'm just gonna drink some coffee and go back to sleep.  Do you have aspirin?  I need about... ten, twelve aspirins."  He reached for the mug and sipped the dark, bitter liquid, examining Steve over the rim of the cup.  Steve's style had changed slightly.  Tony didn't dislike it.  In fact, he liked this new, more confident, more assertive Steve.  Steve was, hands-down, the most self-assured omega he'd ever met.  It was disappointing to know he'd have to find a new PA.  But he and Steve had something better now.  They were friends.  Steve wasn't on his payroll, and he was still bringing him breakfast.  Taking care of him when he was drunk.  That's what friends did.  Tony felt a swell of affection for Steve.
He walked down the hall and poked his head into the second guest bedroom.  "Knock knock.  What's up, omega?"
"...what if they're not feeding Steve?" said Tony with alarm, sitting up.
."  Tony nuzzled Steve's hair, one hand coming up to stroke his back.  "...even if they got into the house, they'd never find us in all these orchids," he whispered.
"I want to kill him," Steve whispered, so softly only Tony could barely hear. "I want to snap off his stupid neck and watch his face twist up when he realises he's underestimated
"What?"
"Good omega," he said softly, tenderly, leaning forward to nuzzle Steve's neck.  "God, Steve, you're gonna make me late, looking all sexy and holding a plate of waffles.  Gimme a second to get dressed, okay?"  He disappeared into the walk-in closet, his voice floating out to Steve.  "I'm gonna
Kicking out Steve after they'd shared that had been so stupid and Tony regretted it.  He'd been hurt, and having the others there to remind him that Steve was an Avenger... he'd felt duped.  He'd felt like they were all laughing at him for falling for Steve.  But if Steve was actually offering to do it again... without the Avengers here, without any ulterior motive...
"Tony.  We need your help finding him.  Can you send out a message on the comms?"
He pulled out his phone to text Pepper and tell her to cancel all of the other appointments, knowing she'd be annoyed because setting up six private appointments with high-end jewelers in the same day was probably no small feat.
"And the reasons I'm angry goes far beyond losing a whelp. But that-
Tony didn't take longer than a second to admire his mate naked except for the collar, because Steve was practically crying with desperation; Tony flopped back down on him, propping himself up with his elbows and resuming his massage behind Steve's ears.  Steve's breath was hitching and Tony was pretty sure he was already on the edge of orgasm. But the moment he was touching Steve's glands, that rich, complex, musky smell was back and Tony's brain flipped off again, to the begging omega under him.
