“Then she was Harry’s?” Sherlock ventures.
Everyone, including William.
Her steps led out of the room.
"I’ve been with my family -”
“Some of the guys say your wife was a serial killer. That she’s Mercy Mary.”
“By...me?” John couldn’t help his small voice, as if he’d shrank as small as a mouse.
John’s phone stayed silent.
In Stamford, Connecticut? He couldn’t imagine showing his face in the state! The crumpled letter in his car proved someone hadn’t forgotten. And they didn’t normally operate alone. Bullies liked to dogpile.
“Why did you push me toward Mary?” he asked. It happened years before, but John found himself full of questions.
This was his life now. She couldn't touch him. She couldn't.
John goes still. His shoulders are drawn up and his back is to Sherlock.
“So when I went to uni, and Harry had finished school and moved nearby and started her career, I thought everything was fine. Dad had retired. Mum was still working and taking care of him. Harry did some of their shopping and helped out around the house. I thought it would be fine for me to go to school and...I thought it would be fine.” He swallows.
John glared at the man who dealt the punches, a veteran called ‘Spike,’ who was small and wiry like John, with a quick temper and a mean spirit. “You know the rules. You get into a fight and you’re banned. Three men against one, you get three days out.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says. “Indian. On the way home.”
Tracks ran behind the building, shaking the entire place every hour with the passing of a train. Graffiti littered the walkway, and brown weeds languished in the cracks. Yellow chrysanthemums brightened the barrel planters, their sunshine faces the last bulwark against the first deep freeze of autumn. Before John entered the shelter doors, he admired the shape and shadows of cheerful blooms.
Sherlock sucked his lips into his teeth. His eyes glimmered. “John. I know now that I was wrong. I can only hope to do better.”
“Be good to me and I’ll let you fuck me,” Sherlock said with an impish grin.
“Can I finger you?” William panted.
“Sherlock!”
He roused himself from the orgasm-induced torpor to focus his efforts on Sherlock who watched him with something like adoration on his face. “You’re beautiful,” Sherlock said.
He could have been imaging it, but he thought he saw a faint flush creeping up the other man’s neck, whether in response to John’s words or his demands is anyone’s guess.
John gaped at the two white mice, who were enthusiastically going at it.
The two small trespassers paid him no mind, however, as they were busy. Incredibly, vigorously busy in fact.
more than a little shocking considering – just considering Sherlock. But if this had happened with any of John’s other mates, they would just have a laugh and move on as if it never happened.
he typed furiously.
John turned a corner quickly, narrowly missing a cursing teen on a skateboard. He shook his head to rid the images of Sherlock’s expression that kept flashing unbidden into his head.
Every once in a while, Sherlock would use a dropper to add several droplets of liquid to the water bottle fixed to the side of the cage. He would then submit the mice to a variety of tests involving loud noises, various strong-smelling chemicals, and even a rangy-looking cat from the alley that he’d smuggled inside when John wasn’t paying attention.
“You alright? I’m not hurting you?” John murmured, pausing briefly to try and read his friend’s expression.
John’s call died in his throat as several things happened at once. He simultaneously registered a loud
The faintest noise – a tiny
I worry about.” John realized how this sounded only as it left his mouth, but he chose to ignore it. He stepped purposely into the dark haired man’s personal space for the second time that evening. “Let me see.”
Sherlock remained unfazed, eyes never leaving the screen in front of him. “John, it worked perfectly well last time.”
Sherlock returned late on a Monday. John was already in bed, though he was far from sleep. He heard the front door to the flat gently open and close. Then nothing.
because he knew the man’s face would break into a wide smile for just a moment when he saw the doctor approaching. He continued to force Sherlock to eat and sleep. Only once more did Sherlock tried to pull the “transport” argument with him, and John cocked his eyebrow and fixed him with such a look that the detective’s mouth had snapped shut mid-sentence and he’d flushed so pink that he seemed to be nearly glowing.
“Cheers.” John smiled up at him and received a tight nod in return. He sipped his tea and was surprised to find it good. Very good.
“You know, I’ve wondered,” John continued, enjoying himself immensely, “why you decided to be in the living room that day instead of your bedroom… Did you want me to find you?”
He strode quickly but without direction, letting the rhythm of his strides bring his body back under control.
Someone in the flat made a rather unmanly sound and before John knew what was happening, a small white mouse had leaped from his hand onto the counter. It scurried towards a plate of biscuits Mrs. Hudson had brought up the evening before.
While he may not entirely trust the man around drugs, he certainly trusted him in
John’s anger was quickly joined by suspicion; a combination of emotions so linked to his relationship with Sherlock that John had considered inventing a name for it.
“It’s fine,” Sherlock replied levelly. “Nothing you need to worry about.”
“Stop ignoring Lestrade!”
“Well, let me make sure they did all right then.”
Now that the initial concern over the injury had gone, John couldn’t help wondered how many people had been this close to Sherlock before. The man, whether it was an act or not, always seemed to confident and sure of himself, but right now seemed about ready to jump out of his skin, the tension evident in the lines of his body. Yet he didn’t writhe out of John’s grasp like a sullen child, as John had half-expected, but sat very still and allowed his doctor to work, although the slight frown on his face clearly expressed his dissatisfaction with the arrangement.
Eventually, many blocks later, his heart rate had come back under control and he was beginning to rationalize the incident and stow it away in the place where all repressed memories go.
John cleaned the cut gently but thoroughly. Idly, he couldn’t help but wonder if this was the closest (physically) he’d ever been to his flatmate for an extended period of time, and partialy undressed at that. Certainly Sherlock had a habit of wandering the house in various states of undress, but this was the first time John had actually touched his bare skin.
The unmasked horror on Sherlock’s face drew a few deserved chuckles from John. Immediately, the ghost of a smile lifted a corner of Sherlock’s lips, belying his affected alarm. The detective shot a look at John out of the corner of his eye, a silent acknowledgement that all was forgiven and he was grateful.
John blinked.
John felt giddy with relief. He also felt more connected to Sherlock in a strange way. Now they had this shared moment, this secret knowledge between them. John wondered if anyone else knew that Sherlock did, in fact, harbor passion, a sex drive, underneath his façade of cold, calculating reason.
John knew this because that person had been him, several years after the photo had been taken.
They lived together, after all. It wasn’t that weird to occasionally glimpse some embarrassing behavior every now and then between someone you shared a home with. Okay, in this case, it
“Don’t.” Sherlock cut him off immediately, refusing to lift his gaze from the phone. He obviously wanted to appear nonchalant, but the death grip he had on his device told John otherwise. “We’re ignoring it.”
He waited several minutes for a response, and when one didn’t come he threw the phone onto the counter, muttering things that would make Mrs. Hudson blush. Armed with a scowl, a small wastebasket, and a flyswatter, John settled in for a day of mouse-hunting. Honestly, it was hardly the strangest way he’d spent a day off. Life was rarely dull these days.
John mentally kicked himself for not being there. He’d had to work, yes, but Sherlock was just so much better off if he had backup going into these situations.  If nothing else, he needed someone to attempt to reign him in and then patch him up when he inevitably refused to listen.
This was, unsurprisingly, the latter.
The tea went flying, the toast fell jam-side down onto the carpet, and John found himself making a very undignified noise for the second time that morning.
The rest of the ride was quiet. But it was the good kind of quiet.
to make tea.”
He’d been patching up his friend –flatmate, completely platonic partner,
He glanced up to take in his friend’s expression again. Sherlock stared straight ahead, but John could tell he was aware of the doctor’s every move the way a nervous dog keeps a threat in its peripherals. John could clearly see a flush spread from his sharp cheekbones down his long, exposed neck.
pricked his ears and he watched Sherlock lower himself into the couch just a little too gently.
“What do you expect me to feel like?” John demanded. “I find the photograph—“ Sherlock recoiled as if word had been a physical blow, embarrassment plain on his face as he dropped his eyes from John’s again, “—and it makes me think that you –“ He huffed in frustration, unable to string together the thoughts that crowded his mind. “And then you just want to act like nothing happened? Like it doesn’t mean
“Five,” John said, crossing his arms. He was caught between annoyance at the mouse situation and confusion (along with a bit of concern) about Sherlock’s choice to buy food unprompted.
Sherlock paused in his typing to bestow upon John a small, irritated frown. As if he hadn’t the faintest idea of what the man was going on about. John held his gaze, feeling like a snake coiled and ready to strike. After a moment, Sherlock turned his attention back to the computer, the usual mask of indifference sliding back into place. “Ignoring it,” He stated, sounding bored.
John rolled his eyes and grabbed the man by his shoulder and kissed him.
He could feel the flush all the way back where his fingers were twisted in Sherlock’s curls. The man still managed to look mortified even though he’d just had John’s bloody tongue on his mouth. John had never seen a more enticing image.
But there was Sherlock Holmes actually
Although it wasn’t a question and his voice, while quiet, was even and calm, John could hear the fear and uncertainty in Sherlock’s words.
An image of Sherlock as a scowling, scrawny child popped into his head unbidden – a bright eyed, curly-headed boy forced to sit still during an endless supper when he’d rather be up in his room working on an experiment.
? Like none of this has meant anything?”
Still nothing.
It was John’s favorite. He ate ravenously, realizing only once the first noodles passed his lips that he hadn’t eaten since the toast much earlier. The detective rattled off some facts about a case Lestrade had brought to him involving a missing businessman, possibly connected to an opiate drug ring. John’s aggravation slipped away as he slurped his noodles and the circumstances of the case drew him in
He pulled away, sucking in a breath and dropping his hands from Sherlock’s body as if it had burned them.
“Sherlock,” John began, using a tone every parent is taught at the parent initiation ceremony. The one universally intended to instill dread, fear, and a desire to confess.
A wave of intense affection for Sherlock swept through John. The warmth spread instantly form fingertips to toes, and he felt the strongest sense of empathy for the man that he may have every experienced. For a moment, he felt like he really understood him and why he was the way he was, and it was a lovely feleing.
Sherlock’s bedroom, meanwhile, remained deathly quiet.
John stared at dark-haired man who was sitting at the table typing furiously into his laptop. He hadn’t acknowledged John’s presence as he’d descended the stairs, nor as he fixed a cup of tea. Make that
know what was in that photograph then maybe he would be able to understand what Sherlock wanted, desired, needed – was wrong. This was no key. It was just some stupid old photograph of John.
Sherlock ignored him and he rolled his eyes, shutting the door behind him.
“We’ve been through it,” John warned. “Someone needs to pay the bloody rent here. Besides, they
Sherlock’s expression wavered as John took another step closer. He could feel the taller man watching him from his peripherals the way a cornered dog eyes a threat.
The question caught John off guard. Sherlock
He wondered about the photograph while buying jam at Tesco. He wondered about it as he was trying to fall asleep at night. He wondered about it as he listened to recorded temperatures and took pulses. He wondered about it, especially, while he and Sherlock sat comfortably side by side on the couch watching telly, discussing cases, simply enjoying each other’s company.
He made a small content noise as he bit into a particularly delicious bit of duck, and then noticed after a few beats that Sherlock had stopped talking. He glanced over, finding the taller man staring at him over the laptop.
The cab ride was not particularly fun for either of them. Sherlock sat slumped in his seat with his eyes glued to his phone. This wasn’t unusual, but John had spent enough time sitting in silence with the other man that he could tell a comfortable silence from one filled with tension, awkwardness, and with both of them distinctly trying to avoid looking in the other’s general direction.
Mycroft had called in a favor in the form of a case. Sherlock had begrudgingly accepted, more for the strange phenomena surrounding the mystery itself than out of any familial obligation. The case required him to fly to Scotland for the next few days. It had been decided rather last-minute, too last-minute for John to be able to call off work in time.
coming from the direction of the living room and turned the corner to let his eyes fall on his flatmate tripping over his own feet in an attempt to jump up and off the couch, where he had apparently been lying half a second before.  Sherlock had wrapped his dressing gown (the only article he was wearing) tightly around his body and pulled a pillow off the couch, clutching it to himself. Over his crotch, to be specific. His cheeks burned bright pink and his blue eyes comically wide.
He slowly brushed his hand over Sherlock’s crotch and reveled in the resulting moan. As much as he enjoyed teasing the man, he was also incredibly aroused. But he wanted to do this right.
John didn’t mean to. He really didn’t. But the weird tension and the absurdity of the day all coalesced at that very moment and the detective inspector’s words caused a loud, rather undignified snort of laughter to escape from him.
They paid him the same regard as their recently vaulted brethren, which was none at all. They ignored him completely as he swore and stomped back to the kitchen for the glove, everything starting to look a bit red.
“What if I did?” John demanded. “What if I just packed up and left right now?”
They arrived at the address Lestrade had provided and Sherlock practically flew from the car like some bat creature, leaving John to pay as per usual. When he finally caught up, Sherlock was already hunched over one of the bodies.
John’s question caught in his throat as a wave of scent wafted from the bag Sherlock had brought in with him. It smelled suspiciously like food.
He felt more than heard Sherlock whimper. His hand slipped from Sherlock’s jaw down to his chest.
John clashed their mouths together, feeling like he might burn up and explode like a comet rocketing into the atmosphere toward earth. His other hand slipping down over Sherlock’s heaving chest work open the man’s fly. He felt Sherlock struggling to remember to breathe at regular intervals again.
“He lives,” John said wryly, ignoring the scowl cast his direction. Sherlock didn’t say a word as he swept through the room, gathering up his coat and scarf. Not talking was fine, John decided. As long as he didn’t feel like he needed to hide away. He heard the other man pause in the doorway for a moment, and the clear his throat.
The result was immediate as Sherlock flushed pink. John let his eyes follow the blush down his cheekbones, down his neck, disappearing into his shirt. John decided that was his favorite thing in the world.
made tea.
Well this was interesting. Very interesting indeed.
“Sherlock!” He called. No response. Shocking.
He stared at it for several moments that felt like days.
cups of tea, one of which he’d set down firmly beside the madly typing detective.
No. No, that wouldn’t do at all.
Sherlock made no move to push him off, which was just fine with John because he wasn’t sure he would have been able to do much more than just slump to the floor. He waited for his heartrate to get back under control and dutifully blocked out all of the alarm bells clanging in his mind. He wasn’t quite ready to think yet.
He recognized the shape and size instantly as the one that had haunted his thoughts for so long now.
The closeness sudden;y seemed unbearbly intimate – Sherlock’s gaze was unwavering, nervous, and at the same time as if he’d just made a deuction and was waiting for John;s mind to catch up, but all John’s mind could think was that he would only need to lean in a few more inches –
John’s pocket vibrated and he angrily whipped his phone out as he fumbled for the glove.
The expression had an incredible effect on John,  who instinctively wanted to comfort and assure the other man that everything was fine, still riding the wave of empathy that had crashed through him. Before he knew what he was doing, he was reaching up to gently cup Sherlock’s chip and turn his face towards him.
He took a deep breath. He was fucking this up royally. He could do better than this.
John huffed and shook his head incredulously. “Oh yeah? Ignoring it? Ignoring what exactly?” He took a step closer to Sherlock.
, what had gotten into him?
was, together. Friendship, in all its strange and brilliant glory.
John shook his head but it was more at himself than Sherlock. The things he put up with. Why was he even surprised Sherlock had decided to purposely infect their house with tiny furry experiments? “Please,” he tried, “just keep them from going at it in my chair.”
At times 221b felt downright cozy, John decided, reaching into the cabinet to pull out a mug for tea. His hand closed around something small and furry  -- and warm. And
What the hell?
“Well, ah, that’s all better then,” he stammered, getting quickly to his feet. The room swam a bit – god, maybe he
John barked a laugh, causing Sherlock’s eyes to snap up. “Nothing to worry about? Christ, Sherlock, you’re
, John insisted to himself. Just a weird moment that he had imagined. Sherlock wouldn’t even remember this by the time he’d returned home. John had just – had too much caffeine, is all.
The idea that Sherlock possessed a sex drive at all had ceased to boggle him, but the question of the
“It’s better with another person.”
John rolled his eyes. Really, the man could be more sullen than a bloody teenager at times.
– and then out of nowhere things had gotten – intense, and then John had felt light-headed and had some kind of mini panic attack?
The chair squeaked indignantly.
The thing was, he didn’t feel hungry at all. In fact, his stomach balked at the very idea of food, and he faily buzzed with energy in the cool air. He’d forgotten to grab a jacket in his haste to leave the flat but was thankful for that fact, as every time his thoughts (against his will) returned to Sherlock’s eyes and the way his body had tilted (had it really? Had John imagined it?) he felt flushed.
am not the one in the wrong here. You can’t have mice running around out flat, Sherlock. What would Mrs. Hudson say?”
Accurate, but a bit of a surprise that Sherlock had considered that. It was probably the closest to an apology John was going to get. And he
He moved his body closer, forcing Sherlock’s legs apart as he stood between them and leaned over him. He slid his hand around to cup Sherlock’s jaw and tilt it up so he could press a kiss to the man’s neck. He could feel his pulse jumping wildly under his lips.
“Sherlock, are you hurt?”
He finally seemed to catch up to the moment and then was kissing John back, clumsily but enthusiastically. He didn’t seem to understand when to breathe at the right time, and John felt him swallow several times nervously. He pulled back to regard Sherlock’s expression again.
Well, alright then. John could live with that. He could still feel the tension radiating from the other man, though, and knew that something was still off. He hoped the murders would cheer Sherlock up. Once again, John marveled at the oddity that was his life.
“John,” Sherlock gasped, an edge of warning in his breathless voice. He look up at John, curls plastered to his forehead in sweat and legs spread wantonly wide as he let John have all of him, every bit.
John looked down at himself, shivering hard. His back ached with spasms.
It was the hottest sex I’ve ever had.
“Her?” Sherlock asks.
John scoffed, wetly. “You must have known.”
The case turns out despicably easy. The man was pushed by his upstairs neighbour through not his own window, but the neighbour’s window. Sherlock gets the upstairs neighbour - Joe - to confess once he proves the downstairs neighbour - Craven - was in his flat by the shoe marks on the stairs. The two men had had a spat about the noise Joe created during his aerobic workouts. Thumping, thudding, rattling, and driving Craven to have it out with Joe.
Mike had told him to take the chance. What was he waiting for?
John glances at the doll and back at Sherlock. “What?”
“Come in.” John cleared his throat and stood back, accepting the wine from William as he passed.
She hopped toward the kitchen like a kangaroo, her ponytail bobbing behind her.
John’s heart thumped. “From that book?”
John laughed and followed, his eyes rarely traveling above William’s waist.
“Yeah, yeah, I know. Okay. I’ll come. For Christmas.”
“God, Sherlock, come here. I’m gonna come if you keep doing that,” John said, grabbing Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock slithered up the length of John’s body and captured his mouth with his. John reveled in the sensation of Sherlock’s cock next to his, separated only by a thin layer of cotton. “Take your bottoms off!” he said when they parted for air.
But to send it to his James Sholto P.O. box? Was it someone from his publisher who had figured it out? His agent? Editor? What did they want from him? But they’d know his real name, so why give themselves away by sending it through his author name? Was this just to upset him? While he wasn’t a household name, he was doing alright in making them money. He was just about to write the fourth book in his series, and sales were going well for a mid-market mystery author.
This. This is what he should want. A pretty woman with smarts—Molly wasn’t likely to associate with anyone too dull—and a gorgeous body. Nora was into him. But he’d learned: women weren’t what got his engines roaring.
“I haven’t...dated anyone since. There have been fleeting liaisons here and there. Attempts to feel normal. To feel close to someone.”
“I’m a writer.” Those words were still unusual on his tongue.
us. He was convinced they were going to put us in a ‘FEMA concentration camp’ complete with gas chambers, if things got really bad.”
“What saved me was the lack of evidence and the character witnesses. Molly and Mike. Even Officer Donovan spoke on my behalf. And two psychiatrists. I was acquitted.”
“Hey guys,” Molly appeared at his side. “Decide on an album yet, William? This song’s almost over!”
Dr. Chowdhury introduced him to a small group of white-haired men and women who lingered by the bar. “Doctor Paul Abelhard, Cate Mally, Howard Leeds, and Trip Tanner. Please allow me to introduce our new Program Director, Doctor John Watson.”
He preferred the way things were now, where he and Sherlock went on cases while Mary watched over Rosie. It might seem a bit sexist, but he belonged at Sherlock’s side, and he didn’t do it nearly as much as he liked. Instead, he focused on building his practice. Providing for his family. Meeting his need for a thrill by doing a couple cases a week, or if there was no case, sitting up watching bad telly and eating calorie-dense takeaway.
“Rolling your eyes at me. Have I moved in with a goddamn teenager?” John muttered as he turned to go out the door and fetch more boxes. He was pressed against the wall in an instant, the scent of William’s cologne and shampoo overtaking him as lips pressed to his neck.
“Yes. But you said you didn’t date, either!”
“I was one of the few kids in the group that wasn’t homeschooled, but after-school and on weekends, I was involved. They believe they’re training for the next civil war. All us kids...we played war games on the weekend. How to shoot guns, how to fight a man hand to hand, how to disappear into the Georgia forest and swamps. They used to take bets on us. Pit us against one another, me and the other boys. If I lost I got punished.”
Sherlock flashes him a guilty smile - or, rather, a winsome smile that pretends to look guilty.
The feeling she resented him for it persisted, though.
I’m not going to be your kept man.”
“Mum didn’t show up for work the next day. Phone calls to the house went unanswered. One of her friends stopped there after the end of the school day. The door was unlocked.” His voice has gone flat. Dead. “Dad had cut mom’s throat, and left her body in the kitchen. He was in the bedroom. He’d cut his own throat and bled out on the carpet.”
“John,” he whispers, though the urge to shout is hot and volcanic in his veins. With a strike at the lightswitch, he floods the room with the overhead light.
Ned frowned.
“I had an inkling.” William grinned.
Sherlock stood there, watching John with an uncertain-seeming smile. John smiled back. Waved. Sherlock’s smile became more sure, lifted into his eyes. It was a beautiful sight that made John forget to breathe for just a moment. He turned and started down the street toward the tube station, his chest filling with warmth.
“And then quarantine. I realized that we were living like roommates. Not like - not like you and me roommates. But, like regular roommates who happened to share the same bed. It was stupid, really, now that I look back on it. She was never Mary Morstan - I still don’t know her real name. She never shared anything about her old life, even though I shared about mine.”
John pulls back, giving him an incredulous stare. “Pardon me? I said no such thing.” He’s fully awake now. He’s John again. Not who he was before. Not with those stone grey eyes, and the blank look as flat as a doll’s stare.
“You’re abrasive at times, but I don’t quite see this ‘you’ you keep describing.”
“What chippy is that? Because we’re never going there again.”
“Yes.” William snickered.
Sherlock doesn’t move. John is still lost to that faraway place, sunk somewhere in his memories. And Sherlock is dying to know but he doesn’t hurry John along. This is delicate. This is like holding shards of glass without cutting your hands.
“She belonged first to my grandmother,” he says.
“Hey, so that chippy owner you said who came around looking for a repeat performance?” John said.
There’d been times he thought he might not mind being crushed by a massive tree.
Fear broke out in a cold prickle of sweat along his neck. Most of his anonymous communication over the years had been from overzealous loons hellbent on shaming him into saying he was the mastermind behind Mary’s kills. But WV? It couldn’t be William...William Vernet?
John’s childhood was in Georgia, which is a southeastern state sitting right at the top of Florida.
John walked out of the kitchen and rounded the corner to see William peering at his multiple copies of each of Sholto’s works. “You’ve read him?”
John grabbed his hand and pulled him to the sofa to sit. “So, um. It was good. We talked about holiday plans.”
“Hi,” Mary said without looking at him. She held a bowl and a serving spoon in her hand. Domestic life had changed her a bit. Her sharp edges had rounded, her hair had grown out in its natural colour, and crow’s feet formed around her eyes. Pretty, of course, but at times, John couldn’t help but look at her and wonder about her past disguises. Today seemed to be one of those days where the thought niggled at the back of his mind, and he shoved it away. Must have been the weather.
His cock wilts. “John?” he says.
William kissed the side of his head. “It’s fine.” John could feel the rumble of William's voice in his chest. He lifted himself off and sank onto the sofa, scrubbing his hands over his face.
John’s ears burned. Woody had an impressive package. John had seen plenty of his pics. He’d sent Woody a few, too—no faces for him. Woody didn’t care, and showed it all, face and dick. He was a handsome bastard. Another reason John had almost asked to meet him. But those had been in desperate moments, after a bit of lonely drinking.
“I don’t think you’re a coward. After all, look at you now. You’ve accepted a public facing job. You’ve come back to Connecticut where the crimes occurred. That’s not what a coward does.”
For now, he would do his part on the frontline. When it was safe, he could see Rosie again. In the meantime, each night he would return home to this flat, and to the man he loved. In the unspooling of all his old fears and griefs, and with Sherlock by his side, they would learn what they would become. Together.
“Yeah. She invited me out there for Christmas,” John smiled, his chest rolling with a flurry of emotions. “I said yes. It’ll be the first time I’ve seen her since the acquittal.”
“No. No. I want to make you happy. And I’m not opposed to being put in my place and used for your pleasure.” William’s eyes glinted.
John’s old dissection kit.
“Why don’t you just text him already? Honestly, you two,” Mary said in her breezy, chiding way. She knitted on the sofa as some BBC drama played out on the telly. John wasn’t even sure what the plot was.
And no one had ever defended him. When the trial had ended, John didn’t attend social events. Mike and Molly never had the opportunity to deftly ward off potentially uncomfortable situations because John had simply retreated. When the hate mail and the threatening emails and the internet doxxing got to be too much, John moved away. It hadn’t been straight to Vermont. First, it was the second floor in a shabby duplex in Poughkeepsie, New York. When someone identified him again, he went to Great Barrington, Massachusetts, and then Longmeadow, Mass, migrating further and further north. Eventually, he’d ended up in a tiny “town” outside of Rutland, Vermont. It couldn’t even be called a town, really. No post office, police station, or schools of its own. But he’d been there for two years and had received his first piece of hate mail only the week before.
“It’s an inanimate object, Sherlock,” John says and Sherlock can see his smile from the corner of his eye. “Not real, right?” He chuckles and kisses Sherlock’s neck again.
A floorboard creaks above him.
Sharp, stabbing pains in the temple like the blade of a knife sliding between the parietal and temporal plates. The pain migrated down his neck and churned his stomach with bouts of intense nausea. Blurred his vision at times, impaired his balance at others.
“I was just coming back from lunch and spotted you. I’m glad! It’d be nice to catch up.” Mike shoved his hands into his pockets. “So, how’d it go upstairs?”
“John. I can wait.”
It was more than normalcy restored to his life—it was a kind of heaven. He kept up with monthly chats with his therapist Ella, and she encouraged him to embrace his new life with a
“I excelled at everything they pointed me to. I then took the Scout Sniper Course, after which they shipped me out to Afghanistan.
It was the best night of his entire adult life.
“Okay. Thank you.” John rubs the back of his neck. “I appreciate you listening to me and taking me seriously.”
“You’re early,” John said.
The handle moves - someone must be on the other side. In the fire? The clicking of latches riddle the air as the lever depresses. The door creaks open and instead of the fiery blaze Sherlock expects, it’s something far more surprising.
After a moment of quiet, John asked the question. He feared the answer. “What happened?”
“Er, yeah. I am.”
John straightened. Made himself speak. “So, I’d like another date, if I haven’t entirely fucked it up. I’d like to make it up to you.”
John elbows him hard in the stomach. Sherlock pins him against the wall. His right hand slips between the wall and John, latching onto an arm of the doll. He keeps his upper weight against John and his feet braced against the floor, away from John’s angry stomps and kicks.
He fit the key in the ignition, turned it, and put the car into drive.
“Come here, oh fuck, come here and kiss me.” Sherlock obliged, and their teeth nearly clacked together with the fervor of their kisses. Sherlock’s hand stole over John’s. John handed him the tube and Sherlock leaned back to apply lube to his own cock. Sherlock’s cock was a thing of beauty - long and thick, rosy-tipped.
A pained noise explodes from John, who fists the lapels of Sherlock’s dressing gown and buries his face in his chest. “But I - “
“It wasn’t gallivanting. It wasn’t...I missed you every day. And since then, I’ve done what I can to keep you alive and...happy.”
Craven made some unkind comments toward Joe - apparently they had a history where Craven stole Joe’s girl - and Joe had had enough. Distracted Craven with a sight out the window - “
“John, your grandmother told your mother and your sister that she prevented him from killing anyone by killing him herself.”
He closes his eyes, thinking of the pale eyes of the doll, and the sinister intentions he thought lay there.
A strange sense of relief washed through him like sun pouring over pavement on a cold day. He should have been upset or insulted, ready to confront her, but he wasn’t. The relief was followed by the cottony feeling of numbness; an inertia that slid through him like molasses. The relief lay low, a perilous conclusion to a question he didn't even know he had.
“Fine,” he finally admitted aloud, his words pommeling the air. “I’m going nuts. I don’t know what to do with myself anymore. I’ve been living in this boring place, and nothing ever happens to me.”
“You drive me around the bend. But, now that I know...you did things for me because you - you love me.” He swallowed around the word ‘love,’ but now he looked at Sherlock. “You love me, right?”
“You’ll break her!” he yelps.
“Sherlock.” John gives a little laugh that cuts through the fog of Sherlock’s feelings like a blade of sun. He stands from the bed. “I - I never sold the doll. I never said that. And...you are important to me. But I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
And then someone else, someone he’d been...foolish in front of, that person stepped up for him. A stranger.
William huffed. “Size queen.”
“Good. When we get home we’re going to have an even better time.”
He dialed a number in his mobile.
Celebrating a one-year anniversary with a man he was ludicrously in love with. There’d been no letters, no unwelcome packages from his ex-wife, no incidents of harassment. The Huntsman was a bad memory that happened to someone else. A few uncomfortable conversations here and there where he’d admitted his identity, some suspicious stares from people on the edges of public outings, but nothing overt. Nothing at all.
He gripped the edge of the counter until his fingers ached.
A cold panic flared in his chest. “Uh, yeah.”
It was no good dwelling on it. Ella told him to ‘stay in the moment.’ So, here was the moment: Anita’s hand warm on his arm, and her dark eyes twinkling. “How are you, really?” she asked. “Mike told me you will get this job, and you’ll be moving from Bumblefuck, Vermont to our very own metropolitan area.”
“Yet, I feel within me now the appetites of wild beasts, the instincts of a love that is carnivorous, capable of tearing flesh to pieces. Is this love? Perhaps it is the opposite. Perhaps in my case, it’s the heart that is impotent.’” He paused. Closed the book slowly. “These are the words Gustave Flaubert wrote to Louise Colet. It was then I knew...I knew that this lingering sensation I’d been feeling since I came back...was love. It’s not always so...desperate, but when I let it out to indulge, the power of it can knock me senseless.”
“After hiding out for a decade.”
It irked him to think that his best friend had never shared a word about past relationships, friendly or otherwise. While Sherlock flayed everyone else to the core and saw their secrets, he kept his own close at heart, or head. Stuck somewhere in his bloody Mind Palace.
Watching them.
“Forgive me, Victor. I was not exactly straightforward with my colleague as to the nature of our relationship. It was long ago and I no longer allow such distractions.”
Which meant...that meant the old baggage to things John hadn’t told anyone but Ella. Didn’t it? The hours and hours of sweaty, frightening interviews with police, the agonizing meetings with his lawyer, the time spent sitting in a prison cell awaiting trial while his mind went in circles of
Sherlock perks up. “You did?”
(See the end of the chapter for
The shout of “Daddy!” pulled a grin from his face as he entered the warm house. Rosie, pig-tailed and wearing an art smock smeared with who-knows-what, shot down the hallway toward him, a brilliant grin lighting up her whole face. John scooped her up - careful of the stains - and kissed her cheek. “How’s my little honeybee?” Sherlock called Rosie “Bee,” and John had taken to calling her the same, though he’d seen Mary frown over it.
“I—” Peter’s eyes glanced about the room, aware of eavesdroppers. “I’m not sure—”
On the built-in shelves beside him, below the windows, are favourite keepsakes from over the years - heart-shaped rocks, interesting pebbles, birds’ nests, bits of fur, feathers, snakeskin, bones, a turtle’s shell, seashells, and dried seaweed. His careful handwriting stands out on the labels. He’d identified them when he was able, and strong. They are scattered among books on anatomy, ecology, mathematics, board games, and 3D puzzles, all intended to keep him amused as he wasted away to nothing but a skeletal frame.
John let out a sigh of relief. “Good. I won’t lie. It’s been tough.”
Sherlock leans over to the coffee table and slides out a manila envelope from a pile of mail. “I had Mycroft look into it. He dragged her body into the kitchen. He killed her in the bedroom.” He rubs his chin. “I wonder if perhaps he killed himself due to the guilt, rather than anything the doll said.”
“Good. She’s been waiting for you to come out of your office to play.”
“Yeah.”
The old hurt sparked up in a flare of anger, but he quenched it. “I—I can’t say that I’m not still a bit put out about that. I don't really know what else to say about that. You and I have been through a lot.” The midnight run from Hamish. The long ride to Connecticut, and the adjustments of living in a whole new part of the country. “But I want to see you.”
John closed his laptop. He’d hoped Woody might give him some insight into his not-date. Advice. But the idea of being seen as some kind of first date loser pulled at him like digging for dirt beneath fingernails.
Four days.
Sherlock’s heart rate speeds up as they walk, John with his chin tilted slightly down, his lips nearly vanished into his mouth. Sherlock waits him out. He’s learned from observation that John isn’t good at expressing his feelings. But then, neither is Sherlock. He’s curious to know what John will say, if anything.
John extended his hand for a handshake and was almost bowled over as Mike threw an arm around him in a hug and slapped his back.
“Were you blackmailing your superiors?”
“What?” John breaks from his thoughts to look at Sherlock.
He couldn’t. Not yet. He wasn’t ready to let the poison spill and possibly contaminate this. Possibly stunt what this could become.
The place was bustling, people coming and going, a busy patterned carpet on the floor, fluorescent lighting flickering here and there. A security guard paced by the doors, chatting with someone through his walkie-talkie.
They hurry up the stairs, through the kitchen, and into the bedroom. It’s quick and primal, clothes thrown on the floor and Sherlock bent over the bed as John slicks himself up and slides in.
John licked his lips, then pursed them. Was William hitting on him, or was he just being nice?
John checked the lasagna again. The pits of his shirt stuck to his skin, and the swooped-up style of his hair fell over his brow. The cheese of the lasagna bubbled away, so he closed the oven door and dashed to his room.
No one had ever said those words to him, and John would never admit that they had an effect on him. He redoubled his efforts on Sherlock, tunneling his hands together as Sherlock fucked his grip. His muscles in his shoulders and arms bunched, his eyes screwed shut, and John watched in wonder. It wasn’t long before Sherlock went rigid, shouted, and wetness joined John’s come on his torso.
John Watson.
John wondered if he should ask about Victor. He typed out a message, erased it, let his fingers dance around the edge of the letters, ignored the nervous tingle in his stomach. Licked his lips, rubbed them with his fingers, and stared at the ceiling.
John’s heart bucked. “Then, is this serious for you?”
“Yeah,” he said as the hurt and the relief floated around him in a fog. “Yeah.”
“Well, I’ve got a new job. And a new friend.”
“I ended it. I knew it was wrong. I'm not proud. I wanted to hurt Mary. I was...I wasn’t myself for a long time. I was angry and I was feeling tired and like I’d been played for a fool, by her and by you. I wanted something simple. With someone who made me feel young and appreciated.”
He shudders - and then he hears it, the soft whisper to the right of the bed. It slips over him like the sweep of silk, a cord intended to strangle, the shroud intended for burial. In the darkness, his and John’s breathing can be heard, but also the low, disquieting noise of words dragged through reedy vocal cords.
William bit his lip and looked away. “Yes. I thought so.”
“William, seriously? Have you even lifted a thing?” John slapped the heavy box he carried onto the ground.
Ned stared at him with a look devoid of care. “I’m fine, doc,” he finally grumbled. “No need to mother me.”
William gave a single, sharp nod of his chin.
“Fuck!” He punched the wheel. “Motherfucking-shit-fuck-goddamnit-fuck-it-all-to-hell!” He rained down a flurry of punches onto the wheel and dashboard like it didn’t matter that he was made of flesh and they were hard petroleum products. “What the
“Yes,” Sherlock says, watching. Waiting.
Guilt flickered for just a second in the back of his throat. He’d barely responded to any of Woody’s messages lately, between getting into the swing of things at work and sharing time with William. He was still holding his phone, staring at the message, when he realized William had gone still.
Victor. That man exuded carnal energy that suggested he was familiar with Sherlock in a way John would rather not think about.
Sherlock changes tactics. “But you could be, and I’d reward you handsomely.” His eyebrows angle inward as his eyes grow hooded, a suggestive smile on his lips.
let you get away with buying a moped?”
But she doesn’t care that the neighbours can see her with this one cigarette. Fuck ‘em. Her son is dying, and she wishes she were next.
“You...you would?”
“Then you’re probably fine. I, um, god John, you know, this is unprecedented. But I have to ask you to please do this. For two weeks. Have your wife inform her job. I’d be happy to write a letter if she needs one.” Her exhale through the phone was long and frustrated. “I’m not really asking you, John. It’s mandatory.”
William strode into the center of the living room and whirled around. “Is something wrong?” He seemed out of breath.
“After six months, you don’t know?”
“Regrouping.”
“Let’s, um, let’s sit down.” John gestured to the sofa.
John’s smile meets his, and it’s wonderful, like sugar and starlight and cocaine.
John could imagine it. William was curious about many things. Probably couldn’t help himself. “How much do you know already?”
“John, you said you sold her to a pawn shop. You told me you sold her. That you were moving on and leaving her behind. That I -” The next words steal his breath. What he means to say - he is supposed to be John’s future.
In other words, why on earth would someone like William be interested in someone like John?
“What does Victor Trevor have to do with my life? I met him at Sherlock’s, they’re quarantined there and we’re quarantined here! End of story!” The volume of his voice raised to a near shout. Immediately, he wished it hadn’t. And that he hadn’t said those words. He groaned and covered his eyes with one hand.
John loves morning sex, but it’s not often that they get to indulge. Easier to dance around those fuzzier emotions and lure him in this way.
“Oh my god, Mike, she’s going to eviscerate you. It was really nice knowing you, though.” He clapped Mike on the back.
“For an old friend of his.”
Except he’s not there.
William smirked. “Deplorably so.”
John smiled into the front of Sherlock’s shirt. “Yeah. Yeah, this is you. And I love that about you.” It had been easier and easier for them, dancing a bit around the words, but both of them knew the love was there regardless. He leaned back. “Gotta go. I can’t be late.”
John exhales, drops his hand. “I’m surprised you haven’t gone snooping in my past already. Kinda thought you would and then I wouldn’t have to tell you myself.”
He gave John a small smile. “I would like to assuage your fears. Please ask me what you need to ask me.”
John grinned. “I like that you’re already catching on.” The distance between them seemed too far but then suddenly Sherlock was there, cupping the back of John’s neck and framing the side of John’s face with his other hand. John leaned forward and sealed their mouths together. The first kiss, the first touch of lips, the gasp they shared between them - it was what John imagined it must have been like for the first living thing to breathe air out of water, that exchange of molecules and that path of tissue into the new lungs.
John smiled, only slightly. He’d been thinking, running his fingers along the length of William’s arm. There was nothing he wanted to hold back from this man. “I want to tell you about my childhood.”
“I’m not. I know how to do it. Well, maybe anyone does… But…”
John swiped his face with both hands. “It’s not—it’s not like that. What you’re implying. I’m a little embarrassed, is all.”
John swallowed. “Sounds a lot like lust.” Not that he minded that. He was beginning to wonder at what point he could just throw himself at Sherlock.
“You didn’t say,” she said.
“I - I know that you are someone who prefers romance, in order to feel complete,” Sherlock said. “Mary was...the one you chose. And there was the question of the child. I don’t believe Mary was dangerous to you or to Rosie. But to me… It made sense to give you what you indicated you wanted, and protect myself at the same time. Which meant I would stay alive to protect you. And your family.”
“I’m thinking that’s William-speak for you’d like to tell me. But I haven’t told you everything. Just Mary.”
“Good question. Why?”
John halts. His hands clench into fists. His breathing is hard, angry, and his shoulders jerk with each breath. He regards Sherlock with a deep frown, his eyes hosting that dangerous glint that Sherlock has long avoided having directed at him. “What about him?”
“Uh-huh.” The thought of visiting gnawed at him like a rodent at wires—if he took the wrong bite he might end up fried, but if he didn’t, he’d be overwhelmed with an unsated urge. That his mother actually wanted to see him? Wanted him in her life? Incredible. His eyes stung and his chest heaved with his breath. “I—I do want to see you.” He’d almost said
“Victor would have liked to revisit the past, in a physical sense. No, those words weren’t his declaration of love for me. They were a reminder to me. The whole book is a reminder to me. That even ‘great men’ can love, and still be considered great.”
“Goddamnit!” he shouted. His voice echoed once, and then the plant life absorbed any remaining echoes. A blue jay scolded him from a branch.
“Lovely. I always thought it would be nice to adopt a few tykes.”
Sherlock stilled. Exhaled. “I’m not angry with you, John. It’s in your nature to tread into danger.”
The anonymity of the internet had probably saved his sanity more than once. No matter how shitty it got or how isolated his life became, he could turn to this little app on his phone and connect with other people. Joke and laugh. Reach across the surrounding, vacuous space and find a tether. In a private chat titled “Heathers,” he found camaraderie. Share a mildly disturbing gif of food horror. View a clip of a porn outtake and join in the chorus of laughing emojis. Squabble in quick-witted banter over the merits—or lack thereof—of this film or that one. The group had waxed and waned in membership over the years, but there was a tight circle now: John himself under the screen name of JumpinJack, and then Woody1981, luvahboi, JarJarDies, and Impaler1897. They affectionately knew the latter three as LB, JJ, and Vlad.
He lowered his head. “The first time I had to shoot a child...Victor was there, of course. I—I think I’d cultivated an aloof persona so most people wouldn’t say two words to me. I could match anyone in hand-to-hand combat and a verbal spat was never in their best interest. Victor...Victor got under my skin in a whole other way. I found him attractive, but I didn’t think for a moment he’d find someone as abrasive and cavalier as I to be attractive.”
Spike seemed like he was about to argue when Shawn spoke up.
“Beautiful night, isn’t it? I love the springtime.” The voice belonged to a short blonde who’d snuck up beside him. She wore a burgundy sweater dress with a plunging neckline, showcasing tanned, buxom curves. “Hi, I’m Nora McCaffrey.” Her eyes danced at him from over the rim of her mint-topped drink.
“Yeah,” he said. Their eyes locked. The moment stretched between them, and old anger dissipated like steam. John listed forward as if caught in a dream heavy with promise and heat. William was the most beautiful thing, lamplight turning his skin as golden as dawn’s first blush and his eyes shimmering like two dark pools. His mouth pulled at John’s attention as if it were a center of gravity. The bow shape of it, the plushness of his lower lip, all as if contrived for John’s pleasure.
“Nora! I thought I heard your voice!” A tall, brunette woman with a heavily made-up face grabbed Nora by the arm. “I’m glad you’re here! I need you to settle something for me—Julie and I can’t agree, and we need you to break the tie.” She didn’t look John’s way.
“Doctor Chowdhury, I’m—glad to be here.” He flexed his fingers and inhaled, hoping she didn’t hear the stutter in his voice. It’d been a decade since anyone referred to him by his title, except for some jackass that had called him “Doctor Death,” which wasn’t particularly inspired in his opinion. That she called him ‘Doctor’ at all sparked a confusing tumult of emotions: embarrassment, pleasure, and anxiety.
It didn’t matter. John’d made a fool of himself at the party, and he was a stubby guy with anger issues and a weird nose. And that was before anyone knew who his ex-wife was. Everyone at that party would talk about his sordid, astonishing history at some point. Peter Lysenko, and too-much-makeup Gayle knew. They’d talk. By the end of the night, everyone would know that he was
“Listen. I know it might be a bit much at first. I suppose. But you know, it might do you some good. Why don’t you come for one hour? I’ll buy the first round.” Mike winked. God, it felt good to be talking to Mike. Almost as if all the intervening years and all the shit that went with them didn’t exist for a brief moment in time. Ella would cheer him on. Tell him to go.
“You speak too highly of me. I promise you I am a ridiculous man.”
“I called him a name.” Ned repeated a racial slur.
That's when John remembered where he sat. The bottle of lube was tucked away in the crack on this end. He pulled it out and showed it to Sherlock. "And are you free?"
“Thank you for the opportunity,” John said as their handshake ended. “I hope to hear from you soon.”
“I did say ‘move your things,’ didn’t I?”
John stalled. This response wasn’t what he was expecting, and the spew of words he just released was...telling. “I - “
They’d spent most of the night on the sofa. Sherlock made them tea and John stoked the fire. The two of them sat side by side, sipping from Mrs Hudson’s cups and remarking little on their situation. John’s thoughts swarmed him and he was more than a little aware of the warmth of Sherlock’s body next to his. They held hands like they were teens, John’s tea in his left hand, Sherlock’s in his right. The touch seemed to burn between them, not in any way that was destructive, but like wrapping a hand around a warm mug after spending a day outdoors in the cold.
John’s eyes stung. His comprehension stuttered, his mind reeling with the implications and the expression of sentiment. “You...knew who I was? That far back?”
Sherlock lurches forward. John grabs the doll first and twists his body, shielding her from Sherlock’s outstretched arms.
John’s stomach somersaulted. “But you said—you said…”
John lifts his head. “What is it?”
“It might be a deal-breaker.” William’s face was drawn in a serious expression, but his eyes crinkled at the end of his deadpan delivery.
“And now I’m practically forty,” Sherlock said and struck the bow over the strings for a single note. “John has made sure of it, despite my efforts to the contrary.” He smiled at John in a way that made John feel grateful.
John lubed up his hands and set to pumping William’s cock. William fucked upward, and John watched, entranced, as the fiercely engorged head appeared again and again through the tunnel of his fists.
Sherlock is certain that someone’s therapist and lover shouldn’t be the same person, but he can’t help but preen at John’s acknowledgement.
“No, you’re not,” John says.
John thought to himself. The idea both frightened him and caught fire in his loins. “I want to touch it.”
“In the flesh.” He grinned. His heart beat wildly as somewhere in the back of his mind, an alarm bell rang—his tie to the author had been exposed. But William didn’t look gleeful over having discovered it; he looked chastened.
John stared out the window onto the rough brick of the house next door. A cold grey rain fell between them, pebble-heavy drops forming murky brown puddles. All the houses stood so close together. Everything was too close. The walls of the kitchen seemed to somehow press an unrelenting gaze upon him despite the neutral palette - offensive anyway, somehow. Rosie’s complaints rattled him but he kept a lid on his temper. Mary...was Mary.
His heart and his fists clenched.
He didn’t answer. Just picked up his phone and stabbed the buttons with his thumbs.
“No. You nutter. No, you haven’t. I - I don’t want to talk right now. Let’s just. Let’s just do this for a while.”
and the old vulture’s eye trained on the entry of the man who intends to murder him. How the narrator turned the door handle so slowly the time on the clock had turned an hour by the time the narrator tipped their head inside the door.
“I know...it’s just that...this is an enemy without a face. It’s nothing I can...guard you from without locking you in my bedroom.”
“And I imagine Victor was very sorry.” He pushed the words out as if his mouth was filled with cotton.
“Careful now,” he said. They slid the button from the brooch’s grasp. She stepped back to look at him, her discerning brown eyes alight with glee. “It’s really good to see you, Anita. It’s been too long.” Again, his throat felt clogged.
By the time he sat back down with a tepid cup of barely steeped tea, Mike had responded.
Sherlock snapped his eyes to his. “John. How are Mary and Rosie?” He was himself again. Hands at his sides. Body taut like a bowstring. Solicitous of the people in John’s life. Sherlock grabbed his violin before John answered and started fiddling with it. Continuous, powerful kinetic energy encapsulated by bone and muscle and miles of ivory skin.
Mary shook her head. “Do you think they’ll shut things down?”
too complex a creature.”
John rubs the back of his neck and rises from his crouch at the drawers. “Listen, I...I’m sorry, I know it’s weird. It’s just that...oh god. Well, there’s more to it than it just being a simple family heirloom.”
“Does it matter?”
John gives an ‘I-don’t-care shrug’ of his shoulders.
He clutched the paper in his hand. His knuckles turned bone white. Blood pounded through him as his stomach churned like a pit of magma. All the angles of the building and the slats of light convalesced into a single plane, one that tilted and sent him off-kilter. Post office noises were muted. Distant. He gritted his teeth as he hugged all his mail tighter to him. He commanded himself to move, and marched out of the post office, heedless of Bonnie crying after him, “John? John? Are you alright?”
The Rose Madder playlist is on
Sherlock lets his voice drop into a lower register. “I’m not asking for a cuddle, John. I’m promising getting us both off to help us fall asleep, and I’m promising morning sex.” No need to speak of the softer emotions bubbling near the surface, warm feelings of bliss - chemicals rushing the bloodlines and stuffing him with uplifting neurotransmitters.
“She’s a good egg.” Mike didn’t seem to notice John’s wandering attention. “Tough as nails, but I like her. So, listen, you’re in town for the night, right?”
Until he caught sight of the package. Balanced at the top of the trash. The space shrank, coalesced to a single frame.
Sherlock decides then and there that he will buy this man new clothes.
“Gladly.” John leaned forward, his hands on William’s chest, bracing himself. “Yes, oh god, yes. You’re so fucking big. It’s amazing.”
Sherlock narrows his eyes as he strains to listen. Tilts his head.
He burst through the doors and into the afternoon sun. Ignored passersby as he headed for his tiny, used Honda, unlocked the door, and threw himself into the seat. Slammed the door shut and locked it. Stared out the windshield into the blare of the sun. Fumed.
John stares down at the floor, but he nods. “Yeah. Yeah.” It’s a weight - the way his shoulders strain, and the way he can’t look Sherlock in the eye.
“You don’t like it?” John’s brow wrinkled.
Sherlock shifts his stance. “Oh,” he says.
“Like I wouldn’t. You probably already knew.”
“There was a fire?”
Sherlock hums. “You are also my flatmate, who I am currently sleeping with.”
Through everything, William was in John’s corner. They spent as much time as possible together. When John had gone to his mother’s for Christmas, he and William had kept up a chain of snarky texts that devolved into X-rated messages, followed by heartfelt, mushy confessions he’d never own up to in public. New Year’s had been spent at Mike and Anita’s house with a group of their friends, including Molly, who toasted them in their love. (She had someone new in her life—Brad the Pharmacist, who seemed steadfast and kind.) Otherwise, they were joined at the hip: movie nights, dinner dates, sleepovers, weekend trips away, shooting at the gun range (where both of them proved exceptional), and memberships at the same gym.
While Sherlock peeled off his bottoms, John broke the seal on the lube, and slicked up his cock. Sherlock’s pupils were blown as he watched John pleasure himself. “You like watching, huh?” John teased.
John dug into his bottom lip with his teeth, hands hanging between his knees. “I’m...I want to know the real reason you’re with me.”
Sherlock wavers, rocking forward on his heels, clasping his hands together. “Does the doll have a name?” He can’t picture three generations of Watsons just calling it “the doll.”
A loud banging on the wall made John jump. It was followed by an unintelligible shout.
When I woke up this morning to comments of agony, I couldn't leave you all hanging like that. So here's this chapter a bit earlier than I intended. Hope it helps. <3
This morning, in the stark contrast of daylight, John nuzzles his neck. Sherlock’s cock begins to fill, but when he lifts his head to murmur his assent to John, he catches sight of the doll.
John’s eyes close. Sherlock watches, lying still and quiet. Within minutes, John’s mouth falls open and curls of breath erupt in soft snores.
Petrol fumes in the air.
When he uncovered his eyes and looked at her, she stared at him with an inscrutable expression. “I see,” she said, her voice icy.
“Really, thank you. This was great.” He brushed past her and headed for the door. His stomach jittered with nerves, but he ignored the looks he got as he hustled across the room. He most definitely didn’t look at William. He didn’t see Mike or Anita.
His heart kicked in his chest. He smiled. What was there to be afraid of with this man at his side? “Alright.”
John’s chest tightens. “Yeah. Hamish
His cell lights up.
Before the door, he drew in a breath to quell his nerves. They crawled beneath his skin and through his stomach like ants.
“I haven’t been in a month,” John admits. His eyes meet Sherlock’s. “You’re the one that cured me, after all.”
“I highly doubt they’d let you repay them.”
“Howdy, John!” Bonnie Wooster called out to him. She was one of the friendly ones. The counter hid most of her bulk, so she appeared comically as a round, bespectacled face floating above the flat slab of grey formica countertop. It didn’t help that Bonnie reached barely five feet in height, and that John himself could only just claim 5’6”. She hefted herself into the chair and waved him over, grinning. He suspected she knew who he really was, though she’d never had an unkind word to say to him.
Then they were giggling with John’s face buried in William’s neck, bodies shaking, arms wrapped around one another, as close as a single figure in bed, rocking with joy.
The letters tried to shame him, to frighten him, to anger him...they’d done their job. His shame weighed heavily, as if he carried the lives of all the people Mary had killed on his shoulders. His fright drove him from place to place, and his anger drove him to something he never thought he would do after leaving his dad’s militia behind: carrying a gun.
John tilts his head. “No. Don’t have a reason to, really. It’s interesting, but I don’t have any reason to move it.”
“Is anyone in your family a member of one of the identified vulnerable populations?”
“You dick. You - jumped off a bloody roof -” his voice petered out, thin with old grief. “
Ingrained politeness pushed down his residual anger, and he lifted his beer to her. “John.”
“Yeah. It was. And he remembered it from when he was a boy. Said it was special not just to her, but to his father - my grandfather. He’d wondered what had happened to it.”
Doctor Chowdhury seemed more concerned over the level of wine in her glass. “I’ll let you two get acquainted while I refill.”
John raised his brows. “Who was the first?”
Something has been bothering him. It’s not...it’s not that he doesn’t believe John. John sold the doll. The doll is no longer in the flat.
“She’s yours?” Sherlock sets down his pencil, quietly, carefully, so as not to grab John’s attention. He tries to keep the tone of his voice nonchalant, almost uninterested.
Sherlock’s tongue lays numb in his mouth. He couldn’t shout for John if he tried. His breath has turned shallow, and his body is still, as if he could disappear, camouflage right into the sheets.
“No. Why should I?”
“Understandable,” William said, though his eyes didn’t meet John’s.
John inhaled. Exhaled. Soldiered on.
Sherlock’s mouth crept into a small smile, though his eyes stayed averted from John’s. “Unarguably.”
God, he shouldn’t have said anything to his mother. Now these thoughts would circle his mind like vultures, picking off every bit of confidence he had in this new relationship.
“What I’m saying is I understand if you don't want that in your life. I’m giving you a chance to stop this. We could remain friends.” John offered it, but he held his breath immediately after. He knew what he wanted—a chance for a normal life with this man. This incredible, funny, brilliant man.
It had been there all along, hand't it? His unwanted attraction. His love for a beautiful and brave, and insane man. And through it all, Sherlock,
“Did Dr. Chowdhury say something?”
“John.” A quiet baritone sounded beside him.
The response was immediate.
Being in quarantine squished routine habits onto a glass slide and placed them beneath a microscope. The connection between him and Mary had grown tenuous, tied only to this house and this child. A shared history, for sure, but not a sparkling one.
Peter’s face went slack with shock.
“I agree,” Sherlock says. “Which brings me to your father.”
You around?
Still, among military members was where he felt comfortable, having grown up around the ex-military types of the Georgia Liberation Front. After high school in Connecticut, John joined AmeriCorps, where he served at shelters for homeless vets. When he was on track to becoming a medical doctor, he’d volunteered at VA clinics on weekends. While he’d never joined the military himself, there was just something comfortable and familiar about living adjacent to them.
“Thank you for inviting me.” William’s gaze swept over the room. The condo was L-shaped when discounting the bedroom and bathroom. A countertop divided the entryway from the kitchen proper. The table and chairs anchored the vertex of the L, with the kitchen to the left, and a sofa and television to the right. It suited John fine, but he couldn’t help but feel that in William’s eyes, it was tight and grotty.
“I’d love to hear more about those dildos.” William smirked.
“Well, Jesus Christ, I’m glad you didn’t stoop to snooping through my phone!” John barked.
“It’s just that…” He breathed out. Stared out the windows at the rays of the sun hitting the dirty asphalt of the parking lot. He hadn’t minded parties as a student, of course. Always content to linger on the edges, drinking beer, chatting. It’d been great fun. There had been marathon movie nights at Molly’s that included drinking games, and themed parties at Mike and Anita’s. John had refused to dress up for those, but he went. With Mary.
- and none too bright Craven ducked his head out the window, whereupon Joe tossed him out. Shut the window. Left for the shops. Came back to another neighbour having called in the body. Waited for the police to come. Figured he could say Craven hadn’t come into his flat. Nothing to make anyone think Craven’d been visiting Joe.
“Come on, I think he’s over here.” He pushed the beer into John’s hand.
“Yeah, a Victor Trevor. They went to uni together,” he said, strangely possessed with the impulse to defend Sherlock’s ability to make and keep friends. “Met him the other day. Nice bloke.”
John smiled back. “Yeah. Then. I suppose it was a date.”
“You’re talking about your childhood?”
“Anyway, I do appreciate the advice you gave me on what services the VA should be able to provide to him. Leslie’s in a fright, but we can only help him as much as he wants to be helped.” She sounded like she was trying to convince herself.
“Anyway, they had it in their room, in the corner on the chair.” He rubs at his hand, his eyes sliding to the middle distance. His face looks older. The lines deepen like grooves in the pavement. A chill settles in the air. “And it’s all I have left of them, of something they both adored. And I kinda hate that it’s a doll. I mean, what grown man keeps a doll in their bedroom? My dad could use my mom as an excuse. But at the end of the day, I don’t have an excuse, except that when I came back from Afghanistan...not long after I came back I realised it was the only thing I had left of them.”
“You like to watch?” John fucked himself on his fingers, adding a second, feeling it stretch and burn.
William moaned as he pressed the fingers inside his mouth.
William smiled, then sobered. “After hearing all this, I have but one request.”
Dr. Chowdhury walked him to the elevator.
Inside the peanut packaging lay a figurine. It was a man with a green cap doffed with a red feather. A quiver of arrows was slung over one shoulder. He held a bow in his right hand.
Once inside, John pushed William down on the bed, and opened the drawer where he’d placed a brand new box of condoms and a tube of lubricant. “Lie back.”
“Come, now. I’ve made room in the drawer below that one. I’ll work on the closet and in no time, you’ll be properly moved in.”
Now there was this job opportunity. Now he was taking a colossal risk. Emerging from the shadows to potentially thrust himself into the light. What if this time he just told the harassers and detractors to fuck off? People were giving him a job, even though they knew his background. They were gifting him with the benefit of the doubt. No way could he turn that down.
How could John have missed it? The upright posture and rolled back shoulders. William cultivated a neatness in appearance that apparently wasn’t all due to the stereotypical standards of grooming for a gay man. That self-assured air could have been cultivated not just from his worldly experiences, but from time spent in the military.
“I’m holding you to that,” John growled back.
It was a big change from the white coat.
William’s face twisted. “Embarrassed? About me?”
Sherlock grinned at him - that grin. Not a sham grin. A real one, the kind he usually saved for John. “Like you’d ever settle long enough to even wait for the adoption agency to drop off the poor child that would be stuck with you.”
scared her.” One tear swelled over the corner of his eye, and dripped down his temple. “I miss her, though. It was just me and her after him. Unlearning everything, unraveling all the shit conspiracies that knotted up our heads. She supported me through everything, though she was just barely holding herself together. It was the trial that finally broke her. I think. And now, I can either continue to hold it against her, or I can...forgive her, and we can move forward. Leave behind not only Hamish Murray, who we’ve already left behind, but leave behind Mary, too. Completely.”
And why was the skull facing the wall again earlier?
“Because - because I get jealous, Sherlock. I can’t help it and I know you’re the pinnacle of reason and compartmentalizing your feelings, but it doesn’t work that way for the rest of us, okay? So, you go on with that big brain of yours and delete all this, and I’ll do my best to just...get over it.”
John’s interest in joining the army had sputtered out like torchlight in the rain when everything changed: a hurried, middle-of-the-night escape with his mother and a single suitcase of his things. A bug-out bag with emergency supplies in the trunk. His dog Porridge watched them go, too old to do much more than a single thump of her tail as her dour, cloudy eyes followed the quiet sounds of their movements. Hamish was passed out on the couch, too far gone in his bottle to know his family was leaving him.
His stomach clenched. Could he see himself with William for the rest of his days, laughing and fucking and bonding over terrible action movies? Maybe getting a dog and living together, making tea in the mornings and snuggling in bed at night?
He turns his head, slowly, so slowly. He’s reminded of
“It remains a mystery to me why you should care, though,” Sherlock said, his voice building toward something - some crescendo toward an apex that John couldn’t quite see coming. “Do you want the gritty details? The sordid facts? Shall I draw you a diagram?”
“Give me the doll.”
John drew in a shuddering breath, reaching for control.
John screams at him like a gutted animal. Sherlock
“Typical,” Sherlock says with a snort.
After dinner and Rosie’s bedtime routine, Mary opted to watch her programmes in the bedroom with a glass of wine. John stayed on the sofa in the lounge with a beer in one hand, his cell phone in the other. He'd shoved the embroidered pillows to the side. Beige carpeted the floor. The furniture was sort of bland and the walls were painted white. It was all so plain, like living in a bowl of bread dough. He'd sometimes thought of suggesting to Mary that they use a patterned wallpaper, or put hardwood flooring down and purchase a lovely old persian rug for the floor. The most exciting room in the house was Rosie's, with its painted night sky and army of stuffed animals, but he couldn't very well tell Mary that. The feeling persisted that part of Mary's bland choices had to do with her current disguise as Mary Watson née Morstan. It wasn't something he liked to dwell on, so he texted Sherlock.
Sherlock burns with embarrassment. “It doesn’t matter,” he huffs.
John snorts and covers his mouth. His eyes meet Sherlock’s. “I don’t want to talk about it ever again.”
Sherlock meets his eyes.
“I don’t honestly know. He cares, I think, but to be honest, I feel like I married a different man.”
“I want these off.” John tugged at the hem. “I want you in my mouth.”
“What’s he like?”
- and he’d be exposed like a negative to light before it’s ready. Some part of him never to be recaptured in the comfort of shadows.
Though she would caution him to take small steps. Probably not move back to Connecticut.
“I’ve never killed anyone.”
John shouted with laughter. “I can’t believe you’ve never watched a Hitchcock film.” He traced William’s mouth with his fingers. “And you know. I—I was looking forward to our first Christmas together. I thought for sure it would be this one. But now I know it will be the next one. And maybe then, you can meet my mom.”
my way through it. But I’m not sure that I did. I never told him about the things I learned in my history class. It was very different from what he and his friends taught me, but I never really tried to reconcile the two until I was a teen. Even then, I didn’t think he was wrong...I just thought it was something the history books were leaving out. I asked my mom about it, and she just...she left the room, to cry, I think.
Dr. Chowdhury cocked her head. The elevator doors opened. “We’ll speak soon,” she said, and there was just the slightest hint of a smile on her rouge-colored lips. Though it was small, it made something in John’s chest flutter with hope.
“So what is it, John? Because the only probable reason I can come to is that you want to prove that I am not what you said I am.” That’s it, he’s off, his voice a low and rapid staccato of shots fired. “Ever since you met me, ever since you could see what I could do, you’ve done what you can to knock me down a peg. Whether it was taking cheap shots in your blog or getting off on telling me what to do and how to act, you’ve done what you can to diminish me. It must be so confusing to be you. To be drowning in hero-worship, and to hate that you do that, so you simultaneously try to knock that person off the pedestal. And one of the things you hate about me, John, is that I
John shakes his head ‘no’ but he’s talking. “My dad had started drinking. He used to box to let off steam. He’d work during the day. He was a builder. My mum was a schoolteacher. She came home to us kids and made us dinner and hovered over us while we did our homework. And he’d go out to the pub, or to the ring. Hamish Watson. He was pretty good at it, from what I hear.
John answered with a slow nod. “Why not?” he said under his breath and sipped his drink.
“Sherlock?” John prompts.
William pressed his forehead to John’s. His low voice murmured, “Sounds much better than whatever film you were about to inflict on me.”
“Mike!” The surprise was pleasant, but John felt a little wrong-footed. “I wasn’t expecting to see you.”
“Yeah. Good luck with that.”
John laughs as he tackles Sherlock to the mattress. Sherlock starts to protest but John swallows his words with a kiss, and Sherlock is lost beneath the clever man’s administrations.
Sherlock traces his fingers over the worn spine of John’s medical textbook. It’s been a few weeks of their arrangement, and Sherlock has never felt so energised - apart from some of his cocaine highs. This - this is probably more productive, though.
Anger moved through him like a river overrunning its banks, pushing mud and rocks and detritus into the forms and figures of living trees and bodies and sweeping away houses and livestock. He clenched one fist, relaxed it, moved both hands to the pockets of his jacket. Ran his tongue over his teeth.
Yet John did. Especially at night, with the sleeping detective in the room below him. Thoughts of that dream he had of the two men together, of Sherlock reacting to Victor’s touch, of the noises he might make. Snatches of images and words. Sherlock could probably deduce exactly what anyone liked in bed. No wonder Victor seemed so desperate to have him back. The man was probably a god when it came to the bedroom.
As they tumble into the flat, their lungs filled with laughter and their eyes filled with light, Sherlock is seized with a sense of profound rightness. John Watson is
John snorts as he throws his arms in the air. “This place is a bloody fire hazard.”
“John, this has been a pleasure.” Mirai Chowdhury gave a firm handshake. She didn’t seem the type to smile easily. She was direct. Assertive. Wasn’t going to blow smoke up his ass, and John appreciated that. With a white coat over her business suit, sharp eyes, and rigid posture, she exuded authority, and somewhere deep in the marrow of his bones, he found comfort in it.
“It was never a child’s toy. It was my grandmother’s.”
Sherlock smirked, and it needled John like a splinter in his thumb. He thought again about Sherlock's lack of confidences, his lack of inquiries. Deduction, deduction, deduction. Seeing and observing. Blah, blah, blah.
John’s head whips to face him. “Did he?” His fingers flex on his knee. “Are you going with him then?” He averts his eyes. Stares instead at his thighs.
John’s heart thumped. He typed out a message, sucked his teeth, and hit send.
“Happy?” he said to his wife, who tutted him and looked back down at her knitting. “What is it? A scarf?”
“No, I won’t be seeing a shrink.”
“I want to know more about Woody81,” William said quickly. “What the nature of your relationship is, and what it’s been.” He ducked his head. “I must tell you that the urge to steal your phone and read through your history has been very tempting.”
Apologies for no post last week. August has been a very, very stressful month. I'll be thrilled to see it go. I hope y’all are well! The comments and kudos have been an oasis in a stressful desert, thank you!
There was no need to flirt when meeting anyone through Grindr, and he barely knew how to flirt with Mary. If the
John’s orgasm crept up on him, tension building and burning low in the cradle of his hips. It came like a catapult, launching his body into a rictus of ecstasy. Come spattered his stomach and he rode out the aftershocks, releasing his dick but keeping his grip on Sherlock’s. “Oh, oh, god. Oh god, Sherlock.”
A sour sensation seeped into his stomach.
A bowed shape lingers at the bedside. As his eyes adjust, he realises it’s John, sitting at the edge with his head lowered. The whispering comes from him.
“Do Mike and Molly know you’re James Sholto?”
“Yes! Who took care of the folds in your face? I must know.” William grinned, his eyes glittering. His volume in voice matched that of Peter’s. The change dumbfounded John.
John’s body relaxes, which eases the tight feeling in Sherlock’s rib cage. “I appreciate that. I’m not trying to rush us, or change you, Sherlock. But if we’re doing this, we’re doing this as equals. On the same page. And I won’t bully you into doing anything you don’t want to do.”
Emotions flicker over John’s face. None seem good. “Harry asked me to take her. Creeped her out, I guess.”
John blinked. “What? My mustache?”
“I think they’ll have to. But I’m just saying we should be careful until then, is all. It’s...spreading. And we have Rosie.”
And thank you to @avawtsn on Twitter for unknowingly providing the prompt.
It was forty-five minutes later when John’s doorbell rang. “It’s open.”
“Hush,” Sherlock says as he holds John tight. “She can’t hurt you now. She’s there, in the paper bag. I took her apart. She can’t hurt you anymore.”
John touches his body and looks down at himself, as if he expects to see something else. He grabs Sherlock’s hand again. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. I’ve...I’ve gone ‘round the bend, I think.” Tears glimmer in his eyes. “I need help.”
John clenched his knees with his hands. “You did what you had to do to protect yourself, your unit, and to serve your country. My ex-wife did it because she’s fucked up. And she did it to defenseless people. People who hadn’t wronged her. You killed people who would have killed you if given the chance.”
The smile was back, teasing. “No, I am
John flushed, but he smiled. “Shut it.” He fell onto the bed beside his lover and stretched. Sherlock watched him. John turned on his side so that they could look at each other, marvel at where they were, what they had done. Consider where they might go.
“But I wasn’t on that camera. There were no messages recorded anywhere that could be used against me. Nothing. They tried to say there was no way I couldn’t know what she was up to. I had to explain over and over that I was in med school and I was so busy… Sometimes she was out with David, and every once in a while she was on a day trip or a weekend trip with her friend Rosamund.” He snorted with laughter. “Turns out there was no Rosamund. Just another one of her lies. Just like David. I’d say Mary was out with David on some night or another, and the cops would laugh and tell me David hadn’t seen her in months. And how was I letting my wife run around with some other guy all the time?
When he wakes, John is missing.
William snickered as his eyes glanced around. “We haven’t even finished our entrees.’
He opens the door and gestures for John to get in. They rarely take taxis now, always checking the driver and then side-eying each other with smirks traveling across their faces. It’s a ritual Sherlock has become attached to.
Remove the doll, end the con.
“Yes, but it is the nature of these partnerships that an exchange of our histories is deemed appropriate, yes?”
“Don’t what?” John snaps.
“I’m not mothering you, I’m doctoring you,” John said. “I’ve told you, I did actually go to med school.”
John laughed and William surged forward, cutting him off with a kiss. The kissing grew heated in an instant, like a star gone supernova. John found himself pushed flat on his back, and his body rippled with an electric thrill. It was almost too easy. Despite John’s terrible questions and William’s horrible confession, their passions flared and blended together in a blinding wave.
But Sherlock?
John smirked and shifted to looking at Rosie’s paintings. Blobs with legs adorned the pages in a rainbow of colours. “I’m just saying. Let’s not go out more than we have to. Keep our hands clean. Don’t touch our faces.”
“That was it. That’s when she reached the end of her rope. I don’t think she ever really believed in the mission, but he was...he was persuasive, and he scared us, and I don’t think she ever thought highly of herself. I think she was always scared to be on her own. But she had some friends up here, friends from college. And we left. Hamish passed out on the couch, and she packed us up and left with the car. That same night.” They’d left at sometime past two in the morning and only stopped twice for bathroom breaks and gas. Jean Watson drove until they reached Guilford, Connecticut, fighting I95 traffic on the way and not getting in until night had dropped its curtain. Long stretches of silence with only the radio playing dangled between his mother’s promises of a “better life,” and “your dad’s not actually a bad person, he’s just a scared person.”
“Don’t,” John warned, and brandished the wine bottle.
“Good advice, I know. Just hard to convince the heart.” She placed her hands on her lap as her glasses slipped off her head and back onto her nose. “Thanks for listening to my blathering.”
“Are you talking to someone?” Sherlock moves slowly, leans on one elbow to get a better look. Just past John, he can see the shadowy figure of the doll in the chair.
“Well hello to you, too,” John says.
He almost laughed out loud. “Okay, you know what? I’ll go. But just for one hour, and not a moment more.”
John’s face goes slack as he stares at Sherlock. “Do you mean that?”
Sherlock releases his hold on John and steps back, the arm still in hand. Guilt clogs his chest as he looks at John, the man’s forearms braced against the wall. His shoulders lift and lower with his breathing. He staggers back. Sherlock steps away to give him room. John wipes his face with his hands, and then he cups his head. “Oh god, oh god,” he utters. “Sherlock. I - I don’t know what’s happened.” He pulls his hands down and looks at the doll. “What - what’s happened?” His hands tremble. Tears glisten on his cheeks.
John pulled him closer. Sherlock went down to his knees, slotting himself between John’s thighs, their arms wrapped around each other.
to say it. And I shouldn’t have left you hanging like that. You told me months ago you love me, and I left you hanging because I was too scared. That wasn’t right.”
Well, fuck it.
” John’s face is crumbling. He covers his eyes with one hand.
in her fucked up mind. That’s why they call her ‘Mercy Mary.’ Then she killed the family members who should have visited them, as if she was some kind of avenger.
William’s eyes met his, near black in the low light. “I suppose you would know firsthand.”
“And not just to the Work?”
Oh. Odd. How had Sherlock had a friend from so long ago that he never mentioned? John’d met Sebastian Wilkes who was a slimy bastard, but no one else from Sherlock’s past had ever shown up in the years they’d known one another.
She swept her friend away, headed for the dining nook. It seemed several people were embroiled in a heavy discussion at the copper table. Gayle glanced back once, and John knew for certain that she knew.
“You did tell me to move my things in here,” John says, gesturing at his clothes and the doll.
“Ah,” Sherlock says. “An inherited toy, then.”
The way he said the last bit tripped alarms in John’s head. “Well, no. But you are important to me.”
Mrs Hudon touches her arm. Her floral perfume wafts over the acrid stench of cigarette. “And?”
He couldn’t know Sherlock the way John knew Sherlock.
A doll stands there - not John’s doll. This one has dark hair that curls at the end. When she lifts her face to look at Sherlock, her pale glass eyes gleam in the low light of the hallway. In her little white hands are a matchbook and a match. The scratching was the rough scrape of match-head to striker.
“Sorry?”
“Hi. Listen. I wanted to tell you I’m sorry for being a rubbish husband.”
A soft moan escaped Sherlock. John dropped the book. It landed with a thud on the floor but John couldn’t care. He slid his hands into Sherlock’s curls, opened his mouth, touched Sherlock’s lips with his tongue until Sherlock parted his mouth in answer. John skimmed his tongue over Sherlock’s and explored. Soon they were pressed chest to chest, a lust flaring all through John’s body like he hadn’t felt in years. He braced his feet on the floor and pushed Sherlock back on the sofa. He pulled back long enough to look at Sherlock’s face, which seemed to glow. Sherlock grinned at him.
“One night, Dad came home from the pub, and he...he must have been in the kitchen and maybe they got into a fight. Most of the neighbours didn’t hear a thing. And honestly, they didn’t fight all that often, at least not while us kids were there. Someone heard a scream, but they couldn’t tell what house it came from. Didn’t think anything about it until the cops went around asking questions.”
William chuckled. “Anyone could see that you’re a fan of the author James Sholto.”
He collapsed over John. John couldn’t bring himself to mind the heavy weight over his body. The small bit of panic was back again, below his sternum, but he didn’t mind it. It wasn’t the same terror he used to feel. It wasn’t squeezing his chest.
What if he had taken that step? Showed up at Woody’s doorstep? Revealed his true identity? Would Woody have even accepted him?
“What? Men can’t talk about the L-word? You’re lucky Anita isn’t here. She’d drink you under the table and then make you spill the details in record time.”
John barked a thin laugh. It’d been ten years. What on earth could she have in her possession that would be incriminating?
“Perhaps. Nevertheless, I wonder.”
John winced at ‘colleague.’ Sherlock remembered that?
Sherlock looked perplexed. John tried not to squirm under the piercing gaze and turned to Victor. “Nice meeting you, mate.”
He put his laptop on the coffee table and turned the telly on. Dissatisfaction roiled deep in his belly as the telly droned. He didn’t hear a word of it.
“Which is early.”
“But...we agreed to keep this casual. So we didn’t get...goddamnit, this was a bad idea.”
He stared out the tiny window over the sink as he let the water run hot. On autopilot, he grabbed his AmeriCorps NCCC mug from the cabinet, along with a bag of English breakfast tea.
John laughed, laughed like he hadn’t in weeks. Possibly months. It was as if a bird fluttered where his heart had been, and now untethered, it moved through his mouth and flew high into the air, wild and free. “Let’s get on the sofa.”
Sherlock’s eyes rolled to meet his, but the smirk on his face seemed to slip, which engendered a warm feeling of satisfaction in John.
John Watson is unpredictable.
appearing in his mailbox. No flaming bags of dogshit and scrawling graffiti on his stoop. Still, old feelings tormented him like stains on a ceiling that could never be obscured, no matter how much fresh paint was applied. There’d been years where getting the mail was a daily exercise in learning how to breathe through white-hot rage and the desperate, frightened flare of humiliation.
“I didn’t. I began to think I should have checked out those FAFSA options, after all. It wasn’t just...it wasn’t black and white for me. The entire time we were there, I could deduce things about the people I saw through the scope just as easily as I did my fellow soldiers. Who was going to crack first, who was sleeping with who, who had jacked off that morning, what they’d had for breakfast. Who had cigarettes and who had a lighter. I’d see the enemy and I saw another person entangled in the great struggle of life.” He lifted a hand and waved it listlessly. “I may not have shared their values or their religion or their upbringing, but I am human, as are they. But I was there to end their life if I had to. The enemy wasn’t just a bunch of men, young and old, launching homemade bombs and shooting guns. Women and children, too.”
John hugged him tighter. “And you’ll stay inside?”
Sherlock’s face seemed to glow a little. John felt better about leaving.
“I said I’d leave the doll up here. Away from our bedroom. Like you asked.”
are my future.”
“I - I’m sorry. No. What? You said to move the doll, so I did. What on earth would you want with her?”
John let his hands slide from his face and clutched to the front of Sherlock’s tee-shirt. He buried his nose into the vee of the hollow of the man’s clavicle. The blocked passage of his throat began to ease. Exhale. Warmth. Inhale. Poncy body lotion. A man’s musk. Exhale.
When he was back in the quiet of his tiny cabin amidst the Vermont woods, William remained the star of his mental movie as John moved around, quietly unpacking his bag and flipping the kettle on. A ghost of William’s baritone curled around John’s eardrum. That muscular form moved before his eyes, stretching and folding the hang of expensive clothes. The memory of those blue eyes pierced him like a scalpel. He remembered the way William ducked his head, bashful, contrite, when John’s anger burst from him like a popped zit.
“Yeah.” John rapped his knuckles against the bar. “Just...I never thought I’d even date anyone again. It’s surreal that I’m with someone. We’re...we really click. He’s amazing, you know? I’ve never met anyone like him. I hope...I want it to last. I can’t imagine myself with anyone else.” He balled his fist and pressed it hard into the palm of his other hand. “But I’m also...it scares me.”
