"Okay", Dean sighed discontented, "Just be careful, okay?". He wasn't happy about Castiel's plans to talk to Jack right now, when he should rather get some rest, but after what had happened, he could understand that Cas wanted to have a word with the kid. In the meantime, he would do the laundry, because they had all stained their clothes during today's hunt.
"To be fair, he didn't do anything that we haven't done a hundred times over", Sam prompted him, "Was it the right thing to do? Maybe not..but looking back at our history..
Sam returned with the dressing material and he and Cas continued to patch Dean up together. It wasn't a walk in the park for Dean as there were a lot of wounds that needed tending to. After Cas had partly healed the biggest one on Dean's stomach, Dean was out of any immediate danger, but the stitches still hurt like a motherfucker to say the least and he hissed through his teeth in pain on more than one occasion.
"You got me there", he replied, raising his eyebrows before he continued, "Look, Dean..I don't like this either-". But Dean just scoffed, interrupting his brother before he had the chance to speak any further, "Yeah, 'not liking' being the understatement of the day". Sam sighed. His brother could be really stubborn when his feelings were hurt and he knew that it wouldn't be easy to calm him down. He took a deep breath, carefully contemplating what to say next. "Right..I get it", Sam continued, trying to be as compassionate as he could, "But still..Cas is our
. He shuddered. It was still exactly like Cas had said to him all of these years ago.
He saw the two of them standing in the kitchen, doing the dishes. He remembered this moment, it had only been a few weeks ago. Dean had almost dropped a plate that had slipped out of his hand, but Cas had caught it. Now they were both standing there, Cas holding the plate and Dean's wrist in his hand. Dean stepped closer to him and only now as he saw the situation from a different angle, he realized how close they had been standing together. Only this time, the situation unfolded in front of his eyes differently than he remembered it. Because this time, Sam didn't enter the room. Instead, Dean closed the distance between them and kissed him, pinning him against the fridge and Castiel could feel all of it. Dean's pounding heart, his breaths that came out ragged and the soft caress of his lips against Dean's.
His brother looked at him concerned. Aside from the obvious exhaustion, there was something else in Dean's eyes that Sam couldn't quite figure out, so he asked "Hey man, are you okay?".
"I'm serious, man, cut the crap. I'm not an idiot", Sam warned him, but his voice sounded sympathetic and Dean was afraid that he already had an idea of what was about to come. "Do you really think that I don't know? I'm your brother, Dean..and I know you. I know that this whole thing with Cas isn‘t just about him helping you with Michael and that's
He tried to walk past Cas, but he wouldn't let him.
Dean scooted a bit closer and took one of Castiel's restless hands in his. "It's okay, Cas", he said with an honest warmth in his voice, "It's just..man, are you really sure that you wanna go through with this? I mean..my opinion aside..it's gonna be dangerous for you too and I would understand if you don't wanna risk your life for an ungrateful, grumpy ass human who throws hissy fits and lashes out at his friends over every little thing that annoys him". Even with the seriousness of the situation, Dean had to bite back an ironic chuckle at his spot on self-assessment.
Dean pulled a clean cloth from his pocket and pressed it onto his still bleeding palm before he continued towards the Impala. He started the engine and pushed a mixtape into the tape slot and 'Blaze of Glory' by Bon Jovi started playing.
Def Leppard - When love and hate collide
But all of a sudden, Dean pulled back, his face distorted with a horrid amount of pain that Cas had never seen in him before. Cas rushed back to him, resting his hands on the hunter's temples to take the pain away. He watched as the tension in the hunter's muscles faded and sighed in relief.
Sam was left standing in the hallway, shaking his head in disbelief.
"Oh..no", Castiel uttered and the fury in his voice was back again, "No, please don't compare this with your
?", Sam asked with a mix of confusion and worry in his voice.
Cas revelled in the moist and warm confines of Dean's skilled mouth. He let his hand wander down to Dean's shoulder blade to the remains of the mark that he had left on him all these years ago. He gripped him tightly and Dean moaned around his dick, the vibrations turning Castiel's knees into jelly.
"What did you do?", Dean asked him, his voice boiling with anger. "Nothing", the man replied sassily, "I mean, I sort of injected your friend with poison. Thallium to be exact. So he's got about a day before his internal organs start shutting down. But that's just sort of a
No matter how much Dean and Cas tried to hide it, they were in love and Sam knew it.
"Because I do", Cas almost whispered now, before he laid his fingers on Dean's temple and rested his forehead against Dean‘s. Dean closed his eyes and leaned in to the touch as he took in Castiel’s heady scent. He smelled like a gentle breeze on a hot summer day, that reminded him of Lawrence, of
Sweet - Love is like oxygen
Dean held tightly onto his lover, as the angel moaned through his aftershocks. He didn't understand a word of the stuff that Castiel had just babbled, but
, if Castiel screaming his name followed by random words in his mother tongue in that raw and extremely sexy, deep voice as he came apart wasn't the hottest thing ever, he didn't know what was.
When Michael took posession of him, it felt like Dean was merely an observer in the last row of the auditorium as he watched his body being brutally smashed against the wall. He could feel every bit of it though - the air being forced out of his lungs as Lucifer violently shoved him backwards with two strong palms on his chest, the painful tremble in his bones when his back hit the rough brick wall and the dull ache that spread through his skull from the harsh impact. Michael used Dean's body to fight against his brother and Dean could feel every muscle tensing in his body, but he wasn't able to control any of it, as his conscience was still trapped inside his illusion of Rocky's bar. Only this time, he was wildly aware of it, even if the reality that played out around him was as distant as if he was just watching a movie. Dean could taste the blood on his tongue as his body got hit in the stomach and coiled over in pain.
Sam and Dean were just on the way to go through with Dean's plan of a suicide mission, when Sam found a case in Iowa, that was practically on the way. There were at least two victims, that had died under mysterious circumstances and both had 'graffiti', as the police called it, carved in them. With Castiel's help, they found out that the killer was a prophet that was next in line to Donatello, so they went to the Happy Daze nursing home to visit him.
The three of them drove back to the bunker in silence.
Dean framed the angel's face in his hands and softly brushed his lips over Castiel's.
..I guess I'm alright with that".
..I love you".
Castiel's heart made a sudden jump and he realized that he was crying. How could he not have noticed this? Dean loved him. Dean Winchester loved him. He had loved him even back then. The realization struck him so hard, that he almost forgot all about his mission. He took a deep breath and with these thoughts in his mind, he was now determined to run even faster for the man that he loved and that apparently - he still didn't dare to believe it - loved him, too.
After he had managed to catch his breath, Cas carefully pulled out of Dean and lay down next to him, his head resting in the crook between Dean's neck and his shoulder. Dean loosely wrapped his arm around the angel, as Castiel's fingers ghosted over the hunter's chest, tracing random patterns on his skin, lost in his thoughts. Castiel still couldn't believe his luck, as he lay there, sweaty and sated, in his lover's arms.
, Dean thought as he blushed violently,
"I know", Dean answered, still with a seductive smile on his lips and a determined sincerity in his eyes. Dean's hand was hot and heavy on Cas' thighs, his voice viscuous like honey as he groaned darkly, "But you deserve everything,
Dean shifted in his seat, moving his legs closer to his right side, where Castiel was sitting next to him. He brushed his leg against the angel's, who looked at him with a tilted head and a questioning gaze.
Their drive back from the hunt in Minnesota was mostly quiet. After a day like this, they could all use some rest. The case was supposed to be a milk run, taking out a vampire's nest was nothing if not their daily routine. But somehow, it didn't go as smoothly as usual. However, at the end of the day, they had done the job, even if they had sustained a few wounds. Some of them might have been prevented if their communication had been better and Dean was aware that it was mostly his fault.
, huh?", Dean chuckled lowly, "I can't wait".
And he had no idea just how right he was.
No, now the angel also had to embarass him in front of his brother.
even was.
It felt as if Dean was tied to a nuclear warhead on the unerring way to its final destination and there wasn't a lot that he could do to stop it. His illusion tried to grab a hold of him again, to tear his thoughts away from what was happening around him, but he desperately tried to stay strong. Then he remembered, although the memory only came back to him in fragments.
This was his family. It was little and it was scarred, but it was perfect for him. Dean realized that everything that he ever could have wished for was right here with him, in his precious
Once they all sat down at the table together, Cas served them eggs, bacon, toast and coffee. Sam disgustedly looked at the more than thoroughly fried bacon and then grinned at Cas. "You know the bacon was already dead before you put it in the pan, right?" Cas tilted his head in confusion and looked at Dean.
Usually, a flirtatious sentence like this would roll off his tongue easily, but throw a kiss and a bunch of feelings into the mix and Dean was suddenly a blushing mess who couldn't remember what year it was. He tried to hide his nervousness by leaning against the doorframe, his arms crossed in front of him. Even though it might have looked like a casual gesture from the outside, he really needed that supporting wall next to him to steady himself.
But he knew that the access to one of these methods was right at his fingertips..or rather right inside his skull. Michael was the only angel strong enough to kill his brother Lucifer and the angels had already been trying to convince Dean to assume his role of being Michael's vessel without success for about a decade now.
Nick had a sample of Jack's blood now and after he had managed to break free from his handcuffs with a razorblade that he had stored underneath his skin, he struck Sam down hardly. "Dean", was all that Sam managed to cry out, before he fell to the ground next to the Impala, unconscious.
Cas knew that the hunter had a strong and powerful mind. If nothing else, his fight against Lucifer had proven that once and for all. But no matter how strong Dean was and no matter how often Cas would use his healing powers to dull the pain in his head, this could only be a temporary solution and he knew it. He needed to find a way to solve this issue once and for all, to let the last obstacle that stood between them fall for good, so that they could finally be happy.
Warnings: Canon typical hints at alcohol abuse. References to 12x19 (mixtape).
Dean's thoughts were interrupted when Sam uttered "Doctor" in an overly friendly voice with a fake smile plastered across his face.
He was rewarded with the deepest and most delicious moan he had ever heard in his life. "
..I can't stand the thought of losing you and it doesn't matter how long my life could possibly be, because it wouldn't be worth anything without you in it", Cas admitted and then, he took a deep breath and another one, before he unleashed the truth that hit Dean right in the gut, "Because I love you, Dean. I have since the very first time I laid my hands on you and rescued you from hell. And I will never stop, whether you choose to be with me or not.
He pushed these thoughts aside and followed the general direction that the metallic clangor came from. When he found the dangerously wagging door, he closed his eyes and took a deep breath.
"Just shut up, Winchester", Cas groaned and Dean could feel the low vibration of the angel's voice against his cock. He dragged Cas closer by his tie until the angel was straddling him, before Dean undid the knot with shaky fingers and pulled the blue fabric through it and carelessly tossed it away. Dean looked into the angel's deep blue eyes, as he began to unbutton his white shirt with clumsy fingers and groaned in frustration when he couldn't get them open. Cas helped him, chuckling almost devilishly low as he shrugged his shirt off. Dean looked at him in awe as he let his hands roam over Castiel's bare chest.
He knew that Dean didn't really mean what he had said earlier and the fact that Dean came to him with this sincere apology affirmed Cas in his belief. No matter what Dean would do to him, in Castiel's eyes, he would always be the righteous man that he had rescued from hell and that did deserve to be saved, even though Dean himself wasn't able to see it that way.
Sam turned around to look after Dean as he stormed off, surprised by his brother‘s indifferent behavior. "What happened? I just heard you two arguing", he asked and looked at the angel in confusion.
"Lucifer did", Dean reminded him. They talked about their options and even though they had the antidote for the poison that Nick had allegedly injected Donatello with, they realized that there was no way that they would figure out Donatello's location in time to save him without Nick's help. "All right, well", Dean suggested, "Nick said he wanted to talk. So let's talk"
In the past few weeks, Dean's headaches had become stronger again, up to the point where even Castiel's healing powers couldn't efficiently keep them down any longer.
"Mysterious circumstances?", Dean raised his eyebrows, "Sounds like our kind of thing". He took his cup of coffee and walked over to his chair to sit down. "Are you sure you're up for it?", Sam asked worried, "I mean with your headaches and everything.."
Sam cleared his throat again, before he began to stutter awkwardly, "I'll just be..at my room..you know..doing some, uh, research". He stood up from his chair and bumped into the table before he clumsily walked towards the door. "Go easy on the porn, Sammy", Dean jeered with his usual cocky bravado. Sam snorted and shook his head, before he turned around on the threshold once more. "By the way, I‘m really happy for you guys. Took you long enough", he said with a happy sigh and a bossy grin on his lips, as he watched them sitting there with interlaced fingers.
"My husband", the man corrected him and Dean raised his eyebrows flustered and nodded, "He went to get his tires changed last night and he hasn't come home since". Dean inconspicuously gave the man a once over. Even as he spoke, his resemblance to Cas was really remarkable. Sam caught his brother staring and raised an eyebrow at him, before he turned back to Jim "Did anything strange happen before he left?".
The only thing that he would occasionally hear at night was the music that was coming from Castiel's room, which was due to the fact that the bunker's walls were quite thin. Thankfully, the volume wasn't turned up high at all, so it didn't bother him too much. After all, Cas was an angel, who didn't need sleep and it was understandable that the guy got bored at night when everyone else was asleep.
?" He shook his head in anger and balled his hands into fists.
"Just coincidental, you all being here at the same time", the doctor continued and Dean and Sam looked at each other in confusion, before the doctor entered Donatello's room and continued, "Dr. Novak, meet, uh-". He was interrupted by a dark and raspy voice that Dean recognized even before he could see Castiel's face, "Yes, I know. I know these gentlemen."
"Dean", Cas started again and Dean braced himself for the next hurricane of feelings, not sure if he could handle any more of these loving words that made his legs feel weak, "I'm an angel. I have been around for centuries and I have faced many enemies. You know just as well as I do that what we have is special and this might be our best shot. And no matter how little you think of yourself, I will always protect you..even if you don't want us to be together..like that".
Cas leaned in to their kiss and the way that he could feel Dean smile against his lips made his legs feel weak. He captured Dean's lips with his own, playfully biting the hunter's lower lip. When the hunter gasped, Cas slipped his tongue into Dean's mouth as he began to explore it leisurely. The hunter gave as good as he got, easing the tip of his tongue over Cas' lips, before shoving it into the angel's mouth as he slipped it over his tongue and teeth. Castiel let his hands roam over Dean's back as he pulled him into a tight embrace. He couldn't get enough of Dean and he was sure that he wouldn't take his hands off him anytime soon.
When Dean reached Donatello's house, he quickly parked the Impala in front of it and stormed right in, his gun ready in his hand. "Donatello?", he called. "Oh, please. Dean! Please", Donatello's voice whimpered. Dean followed the noise, as it continued to moan, but as is turned out, it was just a recording playing from a phone that lay on a table in the middle of the room. He heard footsteps approaching on the wooden floor and cocked his gun, ready to shoot at any second. "Good, you made it", the familiar voice said. It was Nick, Lucifer's former vessel.
It was enough to drive Sam up the wall.
"That's not good enough", Dean spat at him and sighed. He couldn't look at the angel right now, so he turned around and shook his head in disbelief as he trudged along the hallway and loudly slammed the door to his room behind himself.
"To get your attention. I mean, he was..is..sorry..
He grabbed his flashlight and walked around to find any signs of Jim's husband in the dark warehouse. "Daniel?", he called, but there was no answer. Suddenly, there was a weak panting sound, coming from the far side of the dark hall. "Daniel?", Dean called again, as he followed the sound.
Early the next morning, there was a soft knock on Dean's door that made the hunter jump awake, his heart suddenly racing. Somehow, after hours of tossing and turning, of trying to fight back his headaches and racking his brains about his conversation with Cas, he must have eventually fallen asleep, even though he couldn't exactly remember at what time it had happened. It could've only been in the early hours of morning though, because the last time that Dean had checked the clock, it had been around three in the morning. "Mhmm?", he mumbled in a raspy voice, that slightly trembled with his increased heartbeat.
Dean enjoyed the sweet graze of Castiel's cock against his prostate, but somehow, there still wasn't enough friction. He needed more. Dean put his palms on the angel's chest, pushing him up a bit, so that he was almost sitting upright. Castiel followed his lead and thrusted into him again, now unerringly hitting the hunter's prostate from this new angle. Dean was quivering beneath the angel, bucking his hips up to meet his thrusts and digging his fingernails into Castiel's waist. "Harder, babe", Dean begged, because he could feel that his lover was still holding back, "Don't go easy on me".
Would he tell him that he really liked a particular man, more so than any woman he had ever dated? That the man was kind, carried his likeness by the gentle curve of his brow and strength of his heart, that he had saved Dean's life and turned it around because he unknowingly made Dean realize there was more to life than waiting for his father to come home and waiting for his father to leave again.
"I'm just going through some serious crap, Sammy, leave it alone. Shit, you always have to be so nosy?"
Double check and edit all flashback/past memory scenes to make sure they are in explicit past tense (as well as normal scenes in present tense)
"You're not insane," Cas says firmly. "Do you have somewhere to go? We can go back to the hotel."
"Yes. I would have had it with me," Castiel says seriously, and he gestures to his clothes. "But I chose to wear this fun shirt with the bumblebees."
"Shut up," Dean's ears turn red with embarrassment. "Bitch."
Dean remembers that night; How John had forced and manipulated words from his mouth like a puppet on a string. He turned Dean against Sam. The one line Dean promised himself he never would cross, and that night John pushed him over it.
"Yeah well I lived here all my life and trust me they only say that to attract stupid tourists who want to spend over fifteen bucks on mediocre chowder. THIS one is the best. trust me. my mom used to take us here every Sunday after church. We don't — we haven't been to church since she died, but you get the point."
Better he knows about this than the money, Dean thinks bitterly. That way, it's only himself getting screwed over by John, and not Sam.
"Yeah," Dean says quietly. "Couldn't do it without you, though. And... Dad, I guess."
“Is this why you don’t sleep with a blanket on?” He asks instead. “It reminds you of... the cold, the suffocating... coffin?”
Confusion hits Dean like a train, and his words fall out from his tongue faster than he can grab them and keep them in his head. "That's bullshit!"
"You shouldn't tell him," Sam says bluntly. "Not unless you've got some sort of sturdy backup plan in case things go south. Because you're right; I do know how he is."
Life had burnt his heart out like it was the last match, and burnt it to a stub. It felt nice to be held, was the only half-coherent thought he could think. It felt nice to be held.
"How are you not boiling under this coat? It's hotter than hell out here, and that's me talking. Is it always freezing back in Illinois or something?" Dean jokes, gently nudging his hip against Castiel's. He inhales deeply the scent of the greasy food being served on the boardwalk.
Sam was about to ask why he was at the beach; Dean can see it on his face. So, he does the thing he knows best how to do.
Dean doesn’t answer, snatching the paper back with a hand that just barely hit the target, almost missing the paper completely and grabbing at air. He stands up and heads down the hall without another word.
•Heat Waves, Glass Animals
Dean can't fathom how Sam doesn't know. Dean would tear down the sun itself if Sam said he needed it for a school project. He made that promise when Sam was a baby in that crib, and he's stuck by it as much as he possibly could. How the hell does Sam not know?
"I love you," Dean mumbles over and over again, salt in his mouth as the tears slid down his face. "I love you. I love you."
It was lovely, no doubt written from Cas to Dean, but it was heartbreaking. The whole thing was written in such desperation. From the way there isn’t a pause between each letter and the way the paper is indented from the pressure of pen used by the authour.
"The Novak family. The man, Jimmy, is a close friend to the church. That's his wife, Amelia, and their daughter, Claire. They send greeting cards every Easter."
But his head almost goes quiet when Castiel kisses him (after politely asking), or tenderly brushes his thumb over the bruises that litter Dean's hands, or even simply looks at him and tells him with genuine sincerity that he appreciates Dean and all he does. He means it, Dean knows. Cas means every word. It's peculiar to know something with such clarity and succinct belief. Maybe that's why he craves the touch, he craves seeing Castel as often as possible. Castiel made him feel like himself, just for a few seconds. Himself, the way he truly is, rather than what he thinks of himself as.
June 17th, 1986
"What are they saying?" Dean glares. "What the hell could they possibly be saying?"
What he came to talk about was the crippling debt he was going to be in if he let Sam follow his dreams. He came to ask, more specifically, for help, because he was damned if he asked somebody to help him, but this was for Sam. This was all to help Sam, to make sure that he got away from John, and from the dusty beach, and more importantly, to get closer to achieving something than Dean ever will be able to. Sam deserved that much.
"Cas," Dean speaks up. His voice was grated and rough, trying not to carry as much bittersweetness as he felt about the man in front of him.
Blue eyes. Chapped lips against his, breathing oxygen into him when he apparently couldn't.
He opens his mouth, and he closes it, and opens it again, before just giving a forced smile that looks far too close to a grimace. "Well, it's... Um..."
"Maybe," Dean looks up from where he was watching Castiel wrap up his hands. "The only reason I haven't moved out yet has been Sam. I haven't ever been able to leave him alone with Dad."
Maybe it was the feeling of what could be longing, the beginning of love when you're too afraid to call it of its name. The gentle scratch of Castiel's stubble as Dean caresses his cheek, the way Castiel's hand lightly traces the edge of Dean's arm—The intimacy of it all, the deep vehement fondness for each other that came so naturally it was as if tattooed on the very inner marrow of their ribs.
"Do they have skeeball, you think?" Castiel asks, looking over at Dean with the most apprehensively hopeful expression.
"You should go," Dean repeats quietly.
"You should go," Dean says sharply. "I get it. You're putting fires out everywhere. You shouldn't need to stay here, trying to put my fire out."
And while the air has a fuzzy grey haze over it due to the chemicals, Dean can see Castiel clear as day, smiling as he waves the sparkler around. He flicks the lighter off, relishing in the warmth of his chest as he looks at how happy Cas was.
"Dean, we're gonna be fine, okay?" Sam says, and Dean wants more than anything to believe it. But that's the thing about half truths and easy lies—it prevents you from getting the security you need. Dean can't believe it will be fine, because he knows more than Sam does.
And Dean—Well, Dean keeps surprising him.
Dean doesn't respond, but Castiel doesn't pressure him further.
"Is everything okay?"
What was behind the door, actually turned out to be a kind, 5'9 Jody Mills, complete with a tater tot casserole in arms. Dean feels a punch of relief and gratitude instantaneously, but also a sudden realization that he missed work today in all of the chaos. (Routine has no place for trauma.)
"Let me guess, you're here because you're gonna beat me up again?" Eli spits out. His voice is hoarse. "Now that my Daddy ain't here to protect me? Is that right?"
-swearing (fuck, shit, Damn, etc.)
Maybe that's why Dean was standing here, feeling nervous about asking Castiel to go to the fair with him and two other people. They weren't even going alone, and that made him feel even more ridiculous about the feelings of nervousness. He shouldn't feel like this. It was just Cas. It was just some guy.
I love you.
"My dad told me..."
It was strange to be without him, Dean thinks finally.
The mason jar sits on his desk, far too empty already. It taunts him. He almost reaches for it.
"What was that?" Castiel murmurs softly.
And like a feather of an angel's wing, settling on the air before a hurricane strikes, Castiel remains asleep on his chest. Dean exhales slowly and slips away from his arms, quickly pulling on a shirt and leaving the bedroom, closing the door behind him.
Bobby answers the door and frowns at the sight of Dean. Distantly he can feel Castiel's hand on his shoulder, but it doesn't fully register as anything but pressure.
"Dean," Sam speaks up. Dean's eyes shoot up in response, looking particularly guilty and caught with his hand in the cookie jar. Sam doesn't seem to notice though, and if he did, he doesn't show it. "Want to get some more napkins?"
Bobby doesn't even need to say anything, instead rolling his eyes and reaching for a beer. He sits back in his chair, uncapping the drink. "Alright. Spill."
Dean sighs.
•Cornelia Street, Taylor Swift
Dean has never heard him with a shaky voice. He always sounded so calm when he spoke.
"No," Dean says immediately. Then he hesitates. "...I haven't thought about it. He wouldn't notice, if I didn't tell him. If I do tell him, he'll probably tell me to fuck off, and some other choice words. You know how he is."
Dean glares. "That's not what I mean. I need to ask you another hugeass favour, and it's got nothing to do with me this time."
Dean frowns, about to object.
He wonders if this is what Castiel sees, when he's gone silent. The couple dancing on the far off side of the beach, caught up in their own world. The teenager who definitely shouldn't be smoking is grinning with a cigarette hanging from his mouth. The group of friends arguing what time is best to start lighting fireworks. It's ambience, Dean realizes. This was society rotating just as Earth did, with people just being simply human. He isn't noticing the horrible things as easily anymore. More often than not, it's the past ugly things that are being dredged up to sit in his view.
Dean closed the door behind him and walked towards Cas slowly. From the tape deck, he could hear the song 'Heartbreaker' by Led Zeppelin playing and just then, his eyes fell on the case of '
"Ahh..shit", Dean moaned delightfully. He didn't know how he even managed to keep up the dirty talk with all of his blood flooding south in a matter of seconds, but somehow he did. "Why don't you grip me tight and raise me from perdition then?", he asked, his voice deep and ragged and he couldn't even blink before the angel began to stroke him through his pants, his hand holding him firmly as he pumped his fist up and down. Dean gasped, giving Castiel the chance to lick into his mouth and engulf him in another heated and passionate kiss.
Inside the warehouse, Dean struggled with the demons that had helped Nick to put his plans into action, as he heard his brother's scream from outside. He managed to kill the demons with an angel blade, before he rushed outside to help his brother, Donatello stumbling after him. Sam was just getting back to consciousness, but Nick had already managed to steal a car and was long gone. Dean helped his brother to get up. He was injured, but it didn't seem to be anything too serious. They tried to find Nick, but he had already vanished and was nowhere to be found, so they unsuccessfully returned to the bunker after a while.
Castiel was, however, not fooled by this heartwarming gesture. He could sense that something was up with Dean and he had started to pick up on it this morning when Dean had ditched his books for his laptop, which he hadn't even looked at since he had started his uncharacteristic book reading marathon. This could only mean that Dean had found a solution for whatever it was that he had been researching and the knowledge unsettled Cas, because he knew that he could only wait for the other shoe to drop.
Right now, it didn't matter how broken Dean was. There were still people out there that he could save. People that had a shot at a normal life. People that deserved to be happy. So he tried to focus his energies on that, ignoring his own feelings once more.
Jodi's friend didn't live too far away from the bunker, it was just under an hour's drive. They arrived at the fancy looking victorian house, which sported the neatest front garden that they had ever seen. It was surrounded by an ornated fence and red roses were planted in two rows across the path that lead to the front door. They rang the bell and a dark haired man, that was just a bit shorter than Dean, opened the door. He was wearing a suit and the worry in his deep blue eyes instantly reminded Dean of Castiel.
. Dean sighed, as the healing powers of Castiel's touch took some of the throbbing pain inside his head away.
Castiel felt the hunter's muscles clench around his cock and the constrained feeling made him shudder with pleasure. He could feel the hunter shaking beneath him as he babbled a mix of incoherent swear words paired with Castiel's name. He shoved his dick deeper into him, his lust driven by Dean's erratic and demanding movements. He gripped Dean's shoulder to steady himself and the slight change of the angle allowed him to penetrate Dean even more thoroughly, as he hitched broken gasps against Dean's skin. Dean's hands wandered up Castiel's back, as he pulled him closer, grazing his fingernails over his back to spur him on.
The first time they had kissed, Dean had pushed him away.
After lots of speculating, Cas eventually came to the conclusion that Dean must have been looking for a way to fight Michael again, unknowing how utterly wrong he was in his assumptions. He tried to keep the hunter company in the library whenever he could, even if it was just an excuse to keep an eye on him. Cas even managed to do some research of his own while he was at it, looking for a way to save Dean, before he would get any other stupid ideas that included sacrificing himself for the greater good.
Dean closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He gathered all his courage and tried to deeply focus as he blasted through the wonky door inside his mind with full force, the wooden beams cracking under the impact. He could almost immediately feel Michael's power surging through his body like a bolt of electricity. The energy filled his entire body until every last fiber of Dean's being was fueled by the angel's power.
Dean sighed. He couldn't believe the unerring accuracy with which yet another song had managed to hit him right where it hurt. This time, it wasn't even Sam's fault, because he wasn't able control the music that played on the radio. Dean almost felt like he had been trapped in a parallel universe, where some cruel god was putting together the soundtrack of his miserable little life.
"Cas..", Dean sighed and tears swelled in his eyes, as the angel's words hit him unexpectedly. He didn't know where all of this was coming from, but he could see in the angel's eyes that he wasn't even remotely finished yet and he didn't know if he was ready for whatever was still about to come.
Maybe all he had to do was wait. His heart felt like it was shattered into a billion little pieces, but as an ancient being, he was used to having patience.
Cas chuckled. "I just wanted to see how you feel. However, I will just let you go back to sleep in peace. Get some rest."
"Is there anybody here?", he cried out. The blackness around him was stifling, even though he was surrounded by a big fat pile of nothingness. Dean couldn't see anything but emptiness, no matter where he looked. He wasn't even sure if there was such a thing as a floor or a ceiling to this space and the lack of dimension made him feel dizzy.
Nick tried to appeal to Dean by pointing out that they had both been posessed by strong angels, but Dean wouldn't have any of his bullshit. He was tired of Nick trying to waste his time, so he punched Nick in the face. "Cut the crap", Dean demanded, "Where is he?". But Nick didn't respond to his threats. Instead, he just continued to talk about his experiences with Lucifer, as if there wouldn't be any more pressing matters right now. Dean rolled his eyes, "Come on, Nick. What's this all about?". The devil's former vessel really looked like he was internally suffering, as he told Dean that he only wanted to see 'his son'.
Dean leaned his head against the cold door frame and kept on listening to the two of them.
He finished his sandwich quietly and when he looked back up at them, Sam could see the sheer affection between his brother and the angel, as they once again sat way too close to each other, silently smiling like the two idiots in love that they were. It was almost gross to see how deeply in love they were, but he couldn't deny that he was happy that they had finally figured things out between them.
Dean could hear in his voice that Cas wasn't quite grasping what he was trying to say here and Dean wasn't all that satisfied with the way that his words had come out either. He knew that he had been dancing dangerously close around the topic, without really getting to the point. He knew that he had to take the leap eventually, but he still decided to take a last chance with his well practiced bravado and nudged Cas' shoulder. "Oh come on, it’s not just that..you know what I mean". But apparently, Castiel really didn't understand and Dean could've torn his hair out right then and there when he realized that no amount of his cocky bravado would get him anywhere at this point. "It‘s okay, Dean. I know that I can‘t just unload my emotional baggage on you and expect you to feel the same way. I understand", Cas sighed with a hint of hopelessness in his voice.
His hands went to work on the button and fly of Castiel's trousers, before he pushed them down along with his boxers. Cas kicked them off and Dean pushed the angel down onto the bed and crawled between his thighs. He licked a wet trail along the underside of Cas' shaft, before he sucked it all into his mouth and slowly swirled his tongue around the head. Dean glanced up through his long eyelashes, watching as Cas' head tilted back in pleasure, exposing the long column of his throat. The angel's eyes were shut in concentrated bliss, his chest rising and falling rapidly with his ragged breaths. It sent another jolt of electricity down between Dean's legs and he began to circle Castiel's dick with his tongue, before he experimentally licked over the slit.
"Ahhh..Dean", Cas groaned, his voice husky and ragged, as he chanted the hunter's name. Dean smiled to himself as he felt the innocence slowly draining away from the angel.
The older brother put a piece of bacon into his mouth and tasted it. "I like it", he said with his mouth full and shrugged as he looked at Cas, who smiled at him fondly. Sam raised an eyebrow and looked at the two of them observantly before he shook his head and focused his attention on the non-burnt parts of his breakfast.
But no matter how difficult it would become, he wouldn't make the terrible mistake of treating Cas poorly again. He had done that way too many times in the past, putting the blame on the angel, when it had really been his fault most of the time. Cas deserved so much more and his feelings were just as valid and important as Dean's.
Of course, they would also sit next to each other whenever it was possible. Sam half-suspected that they were holding hands under the table, but he wasn't a hundred percent sure about that yet. The way that they kept giggling at each other like two teenagers in love supported him in his assumptions though.
He allowed himself to gently card his fingers through Dean's hair and for a second there, it felt like the hunter was leaning back into the touch, although he was very obviously sleeping tightly. Castiel let his fingers wander down Dean's face as they ghosted over the bruised skin and caressed his cheek carefully. "You stupid idiot", he whispered under his breath, "You don't even begin to understand how much I love you".
Of course answering Sam‘s question was not an option, so he had to give in as to not raise any more. "Fine", he groaned "Do it then..happy?". He tried to sound calm and collected, but the subliminal anger could still be heard in his voice. Sam raised an eyebrow and gave his brother a scrutinizing look. Then he looked at Castiel and gestured towards Dean.
Dean and Cas weren't deterred however and just kept eating their respective pizza slices quietly. Dean nodded at Cas and raised his eyebrows with a question in his eyes. "It's really good", Cas said when he finished his slice. "Told you so", Dean said proudly, still chewing, as he gestured towards his pizza with his free hand, "Help yourself", Dean offered. He backpedaled a bit however when his brother looked at him in disbelief, "But don't you think that you can always have half of my pizza". Even though his voice was serious, it was obvious that it was a halfhearted threat and Dean knew it. He couldn't even have been angry at Cas if he had eaten his entire pizza on his own.
It was true though, Dean had rarely seen the angel this angry. Apparently, Dean had struck a nerve and he made a mental note to not upset him like that again. Castiel's powers had been weakened, but Dean was positive that Castiel could still turn him into a pile of ashes with a snap of his fingers. Not that he would though, after all, the thing that had made him this furious in the first place was the fact that Dean had wanted to sacrifice himself for the greater good. But still, Dean couldn't begin to grasp why this had happened and why the hell he was still thinking about it.
. Don't we owe him the benefit of the doubt at least?"
Cas poured some coffee into a mug and offered it to Dean by extending his hand towards the hunter. Dean gratefully took the mug, accidentally brushing Castiel's hand in the process. The angel's hand was so warm and soft against his own rough and calloused palm that it almost felt unrealistic. Dean let his hand linger there for a moment before he broke the contact and looked into the angel's eyes over the rim of the mug as he took a sip of the hot coffee. His gaze was met by Cas' and if he wasn't mistaken, he could see a small flash of something in the angel's eyes, which looked a lot like desire. He felt the desperate need to be closer, so he took another step towards Cas and suddenly found himself in dangerous territory. Cas' eyes didn't leave his and Dean felt like his blood was screaming under his skin as his pulse quickened. The alarm bells in his head started to ring, but he ignored them knowingly. In a bold gesture, Dean pulled the angel closer by the lapels of his suit jacket and his heavy-lidded gaze wandered down towards the angel's mouth. The hunter unconsciously bit his lips as his whole body prickled with craving.
"Strictly reflexive", the doctor repeated.
Then he saw himself dying and the effect that it had on Dean. He saw Dean being devastated, suicidal even. He saw him crying and begging that Cas would return to him. And this was what awakened the last bit of power that was left in him to run even faster, because he couldn't let Dean down again. Even though the muscles in the backs of his calves stung, he pushed himself to run, faster and faster, until he felt like his body could outrun his legs.
Still, it didn't feel right to push Dean into a corner like that, after all that he had been through, even though it was the one thing that Cas really desperately wanted to do right now. He wanted to tell Dean that he didn't have to feel guilty. That everything was going to be okay. That he was there for him. That he would make it all better. That he loved him. But for now, he would have to keep it all to himself and thrive off his knowledge that Dean loved him, even if it meant that he could never be with him in the way that he wanted to.
When he entered the room, he saw the two of them huddled closely together, sharing Dean's breakfast. He leaned on the doorframe for a moment and smiled proudly, before he cleared his throat to make them aware of his presence. "Sorry to interrupt you, guys, but I found us a case that we should really look into. I’ll fill you up on the details on the way. I'll get Jack..meet you at the Impala in ten?"
Instead, he just enjoyed the soft caress as he watched Johnny's and Baby's final dance, pushing his father's nagging voice inside his head aside, that told him that this was wrong. The truth was that right now, he couldn't care less.
"Maybe there is", Cas said as he took the whiskey glass from Dean, his own hand lingering on Dean‘s a bit longer than was absolutely necessary. It sent a shiver down Dean‘s spine and he looked at Cas‘ hand in confusion, his gaze following the whiskey glass that was taken from him with a hint of anger in his eyes, but he let Cas get away with it, because..
As it turned out later, letting Jack talk to Nick on his own hadn't been a particularly good idea, because Nick had managed to get a sample of Jack's blood by butting his own head against Jack's, causing a bit of the nephilim's blood to spill on his shirt. Unknowing that Nick needed Jack's blood to go through with his dark plans, Sam and Dean took Nick to the warehouse where Donatello was supposed to be hidden.
The fact that they kept staring at each other much longer than necessary was nothing new, but since Dean had killed Lucifer and saved Cas, it had become a whole new level of unbearable eyesex. It was almost as if they were undressing each other with their eyes alone and Sam wished for the ability to teleport into another room or onto another planet altogether on more than one occasion.
. "Dean, you're alive" He heard his own voice speak as he felt Dean being wrapped into a warm hug.
"Are you sure?", Castiel asked, "I promise that I won't look around in your uh..private affairs. I'm only going to banish Michael and that's it" Dean looked at him with confidence. "
that was torturously playing on repeat in his mind, over and over and over again.
". Dean couldn't believe it. "Why?", he growled, as he bent down to look into the man's eyes tensely.
Dean roughly wiped himself off on the sheets before he put on some clothes and stripped the bed. He took a detour to the laundry to put the sheets in the washing machine, before he entered the kitchen, where Sam was already sitting at the table with a mug of coffee and a sandwich. "Mornin' Sammy", Dean said, trying to keep his voice neutral as he greeted his brother, but he couldn‘t help the slight happy swing that sounded with it and Sam seemed to notice. "Good morning, Dean", Sam countered. Dean filled his mug with coffee and sat down at the table opposite his brother. Sam nodded at him, before he asked "How you doin'?", a knowing smile on his lips.
Castiel was left standing there and sighed as he realized that Dean was still angry with him. However, he tried to not let it show and casually took his place in the backseat.
Dean was wrenched out of his sleep and took a deep breath like a man that had just been suffocating. His lungs felt heavy as if they had been filled with water and it took him a moment to realize where he was. He looked at the clock. It was 4 AM and he was still sitting in the library, his neck cramped from the uncomfortable sleeping position. "Maybe I should drink less", he said to himself, shaking his head, as he looked at the empty beer bottles in front of him. But even though he tried to fool himself, he knew that this hadn't been a dream. Not really.
But at least Dean was feeling a bit better now, even if he had been somewhat forced into accepting Cas‘ help.
All this time he hadn’t realized how important the angel had become to him. Yes, he was like family to him, no matter how annoying he could be at times. But there had always been something that had felt different about him. His feelings for Cas weren‘t quite the same feelings that he had for his brother Sam, his mother or even some of his close hunter friends that he had grown quite fond of. Cas had been special to him from the very beginning, but he couldn‘t quite put his finger on it and with all that was going on in his life, his doubts weren‘t always all that present in his mind. But now that he was alone in his silent room, he could hear them more clearly than ever.
When the credits started to roll, he stretched himself out and turned around to look directly up at Cas. "You're awake", the angel remarked in a soft voice and Dean looked at him dreamily. "Yeah, I couldn't miss the finale, could I?", he answered with a smile, not taking his eyes off the angel.
But in the back of Castiel's mind, there was still this nagging thought that they could lose it all if Michael managed to burst through that door in Dean's head. He knew that he was only lying to himself, because he couldn't stand the thought of losing Dean.
Dean sighed and looked over to his right side, unable to face Sam right now. "Something about being cooped up in the bunker for a few weeks. We all need to stretch our legs. I get it." He did his best to sound convincing, but the disappointment was clearly audible in his voice. It was his fault that Cas was gone and he knew it. His efforts to handle their situation like a grown-up had failed miserably and now that the angel was gone, their huge bunker felt even bigger and emptier.
"Woah, too much information, guys", Sam, who had just entered, interrupted them with an uncomfortable smile on his face, mentally kicking himself that he had managed to stumble right into the middle of an awkward situation between them yet again.
When Cas leaned back in to the touch, pressing his leg closer against Dean's, it took the hunter by surprise. So much so, that he accidentally knocked over his entire cup of coffee, spilling its content all over the wooden table. "Son of a bitch!", Dean cursed and his brother just looked at him with raised eyebrows. He didn't say anything though, as he helped his brother to clean up the mess that he had made.
Dean snuggled up into his blanket. Cas was just turning around to leave when he heard a low mumble from the pile of blankets that Dean had buried himself in, "Stay".
As he was sitting at the table next to Dean, Cas could feel Dean's leg brushing up against his. He wasn't used to this kind of physical contact from Dean, but if he was being honest, he didn't mind it in the slightest. He loved to feel the hunter's warmth against his body, even if it was just the subtlest of touches. Castiel looked at Dean in order to evaluate if this had happened by accident or if it had been a deliberate gesture. When the corners of the hunter's mouth curled upwards ever so slightly, he considered it safe to bring his leg closer to Dean's.
They both clambered into the car, Cas deciding that whilst the normal Dean was the better driver, this version of the hunter would be too dangerous to have behind the wheel. It had been a surprise when Dean hadn’t complained, just naturally slipping into the passenger seat, “Where are we going?”
They pulled up in front of the Loughlin house, Sam running from the front doors towards the car, “We need to hurry and get him to Rowena.”
Mary glanced around the kitchen, scratching at her chin in contemplation, “The roast is in the oven, what vegetables would you like?”
“But Dean, I-”
Dean reached over and gripped onto his angel’s wrists, pulling him closer so that they were flush together, “Well, now you know you’ve got me, angel.”
“And how do you suppose we hang out with him and it not be awkward?” Dean asked, crossing his arms and keeping his eyes glaring at Benny.
“Theoretically? Kill the witch.”
“Assess the situation, make sure everyone is safe,” She replied, swerving around the corner and slamming on the breaks. The site before them was enough to make the officers’ hearts stop. Three cars had been involved in the accident: one of them entirely flipped with the roof on the road, and the other two entirely in flames. Pedestrians were standing by the edges of the scene, another police car blocking any other vehicles passing the site. A fire engine was parked opposite the blaze, men in yellow uniforms dashing across the street carrying large hoses.
“I, uh, don’t swing your way, Charlie,” Castiel replied, sipping his water, “It never would have worked anyway.”
“I don’t think he’s interested,” Cas replied, looking expectantly at Dean’s repulsed reaction to him saying that he was interested in a man. But it never came. Instead, Dean looked at him curiously, “What makes you say that?”
“It’s gonna be a long day,” Dean replied, waiting for the other men to slide down the fire pole and get ready. Ash was the last to come down, already in the gear, “Ready when you are, Winchester!”
“Don’t think I’m going anywhere with you gay ass,” John slurred, carelessly dropping the bottle. Dean flinched at the sound of the glass smashing, trying to ignore his father.
Turning to face her sleeping baby, Mary smiled softly, reaching her hand over so that she was touching one of the bars, guarding her child. Like her sons, sleep overran her body, as she lapsed into a dreamless slumber, her mind only thinking of what tomorrow would hold.
Dean politely accepted the hand, shaking it gently before putting his hand back by his side, “Hi,” he whispered shyly.
“Why wouldn’t-” Dean huffed, pinching the bridge of his nose, “There’s a spare set of sweatpants and a t-shirt in the top drawer in your room. Hurry up and go change.”
I realy hope we will be the bestest of frends at skool and we will play evry day and we stay frends wen we get old.
Dean was surprised at how quickly Castiel’s attitude had changed. He was now standing up in front of them, hopping from one foot to the other as though he had too much energy to stay still, “We could get honey bees and bumblebees!”
“Anytime, cher,” He handed Dean the keys, stepping away and waited for the black Impala to swerve out of the parking lot. Once sure that Dean had left, Benny returned inside, immediately greeted by Charlie’s yelling, “What do you mean you don’t like The Hobbit?!”
Dean Winchester busied himself with restocking the oxygen tanks in Bess, the fire department’s most beloved engine. His weekly call with his younger brother, Sam, remained in his mind, tormenting him. When Sam had made the grand reveal that he would be staying in Stanford with Jess for the foreseeable future, Dean hadn’t reacted as well as he probably should have – unless, hanging up the phone and ignoring his brother’s calls and texts was classified as appropriate. He had locked his phone away with his ordinary clothes, forcing himself not to look at it until the end of his shift.
“It looks gorgeous, sweetie!” She replied, crouching down and carefully skimming her finger over the cover, “Are you going to give it to him tonight?”
All of them except Castiel burst into laughter, Charlie bringing her knees up as she curled over, “You’re funny, Castiel!”
“How am I funny?” He asked, having no idea what had made everyone laugh.
“Can I call you that?” Dean asked shyly.
Dean nodded, beginning to fiddle with the bottom of his shirt. Castiel tilted his head at the hunter, confused as to why he wasn’t asking more questions. Perhaps Dean had forgotten what they had been talking about?
Sam squealed, pointing over to where Dean and Castiel were standing by the dining table. Castiel was holding the card Dean had made him, his brows furrowed as he concentrated on reading. Dean, beside him, was reddening in the face, fidgeting with his fingers as he waited for Castiel to finish.
“She sounds hot.”
Dean nodded, “He saved me and your dad far too many times, and when he needed me, I couldn’t do anything to rescue him.”
“Will you need to hold my hand when we watch those too?”
“Wait,” Charlie snatched the laptop away from the men, a scowl imprinted on her face, “You mean to say that you met him and didn’t even tell me?! What the hell, Winchester?!”
“Well, from rumours over who knows how long, hunters failed at catching them, letting the wee laddies get away with the book. But, I dismissed them as gossip. Like you say, nobody has seen them for a long time. At least, until you came and decided to kill Gideon.”
Dean shrugged, pointing the flashlight around the area. Sam sighed, nudging his brother in the direction back to the car. Hopefully Rowena would have answers.
“Thank you, Gabriel. I appreciate it.”
Cas nodded, leaning against the banister and occasionally looking at the closed doors.
“Right. Okay. If you’re doing so well, name all the members of Bon Jovi.”
Castiel paused, trying to think of which ones he had enjoyed other than Harry Potter, “Umm, I mean, The Hunger Games was pretty good.”
“Charlie’s a lesbian,” Dean laughed. Donna used the back of her sleeve to wipe at her watering eyes, Benny already failing to keep the tears of laughter back, “Oh he’s definitely a keeper, cher.”
Dean walked over to the motel table, sitting himself in one of the chairs, “Can you help fill in some of the blanks? I think Sam told me some bits but to be honest, I don’t remember anything he said.”
“It’s true! Have I told you that before? Sorry, I don’t remember if I did.”
Dean coughed, “Come again?”
“Because you called, like you always do when you get this drunk.”
Dean was the one to pull away, gasping for breath. Both of them had blossomed smiles on their faces, smiling like a pair of highschoolers. Cas could feel Dean’s breath against his cheeks, as he rested his forehead against the angel’s shoulder.
Dean nodded, rolling the shot glass along the edge of its base. He kept his eyes on the glass, hoping that the woman would change the subject.
Once everyone had tucked into their food, the atmosphere in the room calmed, everyone happily feasting on the wonderful food that had been served. Gabriel was the first one to finish his food, using the back of his sleeve to wipe at his food-covered mouth.
“Is there nobody there who will put up with your annoying self?”
Mary watched from the kitchen window as the new family and workers began moving cardboard boxes from the vehicles and into the house. She had just put baby Sam down for his afternoon nap, and little Dean was eagerly helping himself to a plate of freshly baked cookies that were cool enough to be handled by the four-year-old. From her spying, Mary had counted two children that could be potential friends for her eldest son – an older boy with long, brown locks who seemed to be constantly chewing on a lollipop, and a boy who appeared to be a similar age to Dean, whose face was hidden behind a mess of black hair. Their mother seemed uninterested in what the two boys were doing, her figure making occasional appearances to help who seemed to be the husband with some of the smaller boxes. Neither parent seemed to care over the fact that their youngest was playing awfully close to the road, or that the other boy was pinching things from the car and dropping them around the yard.
Before the angel had the chance to respond, Dean’s lurched forward, his lips colliding with Cas’s soft lips, kissing the words out of his mouth. From the Impala, Rowena cheered and Sam clapped from the doorway of the house. Recovering from the initial shock, Castiel felt his lips move against the hunter’s, kissing him back. In that moment, all Cas could focus on was the tenderness of Dean’s lips, how perfect this felt.
Dean’s face turned a deeper shade of red, “Whatever sunshine. You’re on popcorn duty next time though.”
She clicked her tongue against the roof of her mouth, shaking her head, “That girl. Honestly,” Ellen looked back at Dean, concern etching into her features, “John was here last night. He didn’t look so good.”
“Do you want me to come with you?” Benny asked, helping his friend up and taking the car keys out of Dean’s back pocket.
“You do?”
“Is that a dead guy?” Dean asked, peering over Sam’s shoulder. They had made it back to the motel room, Sam now sitting in front of his laptop with the pictures from yesterday up on the screen, “Yeah.”
“Was he-” Nico paused, “Was he… someone you had been in love with?”
“Wait for me to open the door first, sweetie,” Mary called from the kitchen, picking up the baby from his crib. The noise of his older brother squealing had awoken Sam, his immediate response to shriek back happily. Their mother grinned as she carried the baby to where his brother was hopping from one foot to the other, keeping a safe distance from the door. As soon as Mary unlocked the door and opened it, his little hand reached out, snatching Castiel’s arm and dragging him in, “Hi Castiel!”
“I don’t want that,” Castiel interrupted, glaring over at him, “I don’t want to go to school here. I want to go back home.”
“So, dijnns don’t grant wishes, and sirens aren’t all hot chicks?”
Jo walked over to their table, leaning her weight on one of her legs, “What can I get you lot?”
“Am I saved to your contacts now? Tell me, have I got my own ringtone?” The redhead joked.
“Once we are all moved in and unpacked, I’m sure we could arrange for that,” Naomi replied, her lips still pierced in a petite smile.
“Hello Dean,” Cas said, looking at the hunter with fondness. Dean began rubbing the back of his head, flustered, “Sammy has told me your name but I uh, I forgot it already. Sorry.”
“You’re forgiven,” Charlie declared, softly hitting him on the shoulder. He scowled back at her, rubbing at the targetted spot, “Then why did you hit me?”
“Sorry, cher. It isn’t our place to share that with you.”
“I hope he does lie pie,” Dean mumbled, ducking his head out of his mother’s reach, “Will there be honey?”
“What if he makes other friends?”
“Well it is midnight Cassie, and some of us have to be up early to bake the morning goodies.”
“Do we have any friends?” Dean asked curiously, carefully clambering over the tree.
“My name is Dean Winchester,” Dean mumbled, continuing to fidget with his shirt. Cas kept his gaze on him, curious as to what Dean was talking about.
Castiel tilted his head partly, his eyes squinting in confusion, “How do we do that?”
Mary smiled down at her son, ruffling his hair again, “I’m sure I can find a recipe that uses honey.” She looked up at the two Novaks as she waved, “We will see you soon!”
“Just a water, thanks.”
Castiel nodded, getting himself behind Dean to push him up the stairs. Whilst Dean could walk by himself, it seemed that his mind was getting too distracted by everything in the main foyer. Cas could see where Sam and Rowena had battled with the Loughlin siblings – pieces of shattered glass scattered the staircase and marble floor, blood splatters like paint covered the hallway walls. From the corner of his eye, Cas could see a woman’s body that had been pushed aside, presumably the Loughlin sister.
Sam nodded, clearing his throat, “Okay, so not that long. What did you guys talk about?”
“Dean, can you help me clear away?” Mary kindly asked, her eldest jumping out of his seat and picking up his plate. As precariously as possible, he carried it into the kitchen, making repeated trips until all the dishes had been cleared away. Mary stood up from her seat, carrying Sam over to his crib and laying him down, pulling the blanket over him as his eyes began to close.
And that was where Dean was when his nephew found him.
“Yes, of course. My apologies for calling then, since you don’t seem at all interested in speaking to me.”
Dean nodded, clambering onto his bed and wriggling under the blanket, “Will we have the same friends?”
“Witches use them in spells, but I’ve actually never seen anything like this before. Maybe Rowena will recognise them.”
The news that a family was moving into the abandoned house at the end of the street had been no secret to the locals. The arrival of a moving van and a beige Lincoln Continental only served to confirm the announcement, both parked in front of the battered home. In the peak of its time, the house had been a pearl white shade, with the window frames painted a glossed black that would glimmer in the sunlight. The garden had once blossomed with an array of flowers that had been tenderly nurtured by the inhabitants, attracting the attention of passer-bys and any stranger who drove along the street on the way out of town. It had once been the most attractive house on the street, but after the passing of its latest resident last year, it had been neglected and rundown.
Dean smirked again, noticing the grateful look Castiel was giving Benny. He downed the rest of his beer, running his thumb along the rim as he listened to the interaction.
“No you’re not, Dean!” Sam shouted in exasperation, throwing his arms up, “We’re gonna get you some help.”
“Written anything decent?”
“Look, we could figure this out, okay? Just don’t go calling Mom or Cas with this.”
“You could use your angel mojo to speed it up, you know?” Dean retorted, smirking as Cas squinted at him.
The raven-haired boy tore his arm away from Dean’s grip, his eyes glaring at him, “Why did you pull me?”
“Another friend,” Sam replied, looking concerningly at his brother. He was getting worse by the minute – not a good sign. Returning his attention back to the markings, Sam took a couple of photos on his phone, directly sending them to the redhead.
Dean nodded excitedly, turning the card around so that he could look at the front, “Do you think he’ll like it?”
“Ay, a hundred years ago, the Loughlins came over from the Old World and turned a small town on the Mississippi Delta into their own personal fiefdom,” Rowena began explaining, occassionally glancing over at Dean, who was flicking through an old magazine, “Their children – Gideon, Boyd and Catrina were like three rotten little peas in a pod. The family possessed a powerful spell book, a tome of Druidic magic called the Black Grimoire.”
“Yeah! And we can make our own honey too! How does that sound?”
Dean smiled as he finished writing. He carefully placed it on top of his clothes drawer, folding it and putting his clock on top of it so it would stay flat. He wandered over to his window, clambering up onto the stool that his mother had put there for him. He peered out, watching as Castiel helped his brother carry some of the bigger boxes into the newly bought house. They both seemed to be happy, smiling as they talked about whatever it is that brothers talk about. Dean silently hoped that he would be an awesome big brother like Gabriel was to Castiel - he wanted to be there for Sammy and annoy him too. He had tried that earlier, being a big brother, but he had been told off for bothering Sammy whole he tried to nap, and that was something you weren’t meant to do with a newborn baby.
“We were on our way to campus,” One of the passengers replied, his face covered with small plasters over glass cuts, “Our classes started a half hour ago and we needed to get there quickly.”
“But Dad said we were leaving-”
Blatantly ignoring him, Charlie put her attention towards the newcomer, “So you’re from New York?”
Ceramic bees encompassed the stone; black feathers coated the grass within the circle; a ‘grumpy cat’ plushie perched on a branch from a neighbouring oak tree. A mixtape partially buried beside the stone, its label visible to anyone crouching to touch the gravestone: “Dean’s top 13 Zepp traxx”.
“If you need the help looking after him, Dean-”
Grabbing a nearby stick, Sam prodded at the prone figure, noticing the dried blood trail on the man’s face, “I think that’s our witch.”
“Nothing before I sent him home.”
“Can a lady not spend time preparing herself to make a good first impression to the new officer?”
Gabriel shrugged, “Was bored.”
Rowena looked at the angel, nodding for them to leave the brothers to have a moment. Cas turned on his heel, internally disappointed in the fact that Dean hadn’t made any move towards him, being solely focused on his brother.
Checking that no cars were passing, Dean tugged his father across the street, his muscles tensing with each collision of John’s fist as he weakly punched him. Suddenly, John stopped, his body beginning to sway, “I think I’m gonna be sick.”
“Mommy doesn’t let me have tea yet - she says it makes your teeth go all yellow.”
He never brought it up with Dean, and Dean wasn’t one to have a heart-to-heart moment voluntarily. The topic brooded in the air between them but it was never acknowledged, just accepted silently. With Sam’s growing family, it was easy for the two to avoid it entirely, focusing more on the present and what wonders would come in the future. But Sam knew Dean wasn’t always focused on those things.
“Perdition? Like Hell, the Hell?”
She nodded, heading towards the bar. Dean handed Benny over a five dollar bill, forcing it into his hand when he rejected it, “Take the fucking money, Benny.”
“How much time have you got?” She laughed, turning on her phone and beginning to read off her list.
“That’s a confusing name.”
The hunter glanced over at the angel again, raising his eyebrow, “Don’t tell me you plan to chill and eat popcorn wearing your trench coat and suit?”
Cas coughed, feeling his hands beginning to sweat nervously. He assumed that Dean couldn’t remember things for long, so surely he would be able to be honest for once, right?
Castiel huffed, rubbing at his arm, where a red handprint was beginning to form.
He huffed, biting his bottom lip, “Peas.”
“We can watch it again another time,” Cas replied, setting aside the bowl so he could sit closer to Dean, “This is nicer anyway.”
“Another bar, most likely,” She growled in reply, shaking her head as she had the first sip of the beer, “He’s lucky Dean gets to him before we do, or else John Winchester would have a record as long as the Wakarusa River.”
It took a few moments for Gabriel to softly respond, “Is that what made you call, Cassie?”
“Hufflepuff, and I’m assuming you are Ravenclaw.”
Dean cursed as his phone loudly blurted out. He scrambled through his pockets trying to find it, signalling for Donna to step out of the booth to let him leave. Looking at the screen, he groaned, accepting the call before bringing the phone to his ear, “Where are you?”
“I should have done that ages ago,” Dean chuckled, shifting to lean against the side of the Lincoln Continental. Somehow, Castiel’s smile grew as he gazed down all flustered, “I always thought this was something I couldn’t have.”
Castiel raised his eyebrow at her, “Moondoor?”
Castiel paused, absent-mindedly scratching at his thigh, “I, uh-”
Dean looked back at the television, a loud burst of laughter roaring from his throat, “I love this show, dude!”
“What the hell is a glyph?” Dean asked, casually strolling up to another one, but not daring to touch it.
“And tea.”
“He sleeps a lot,” Dean remarked, his brow furrowed in disappointment. He hadn’t realised how little time he would be able to spend with Sam when he first arrived.
Shaking his head, Dean returned his attention to his lap, “My name is Dean Winchester.”
Sam remembered the conversation they’d had back in the woods. So that was why Dean couldn’t remember Castiel.
Castiel realised what he was doing – Dean was trying to remember what Sam had told him.
“Exactly! And somehow she only found out today.”
“He was at the crash-site this morning with Donna, that’s all.”
From Dean
Charlie’s mouselike footsteps raced towards the garage, her red curls bouncing with each step. She held her nerdy laptop, the cover pasted in fandom stickers and Harry Potter spells, “We got a new officer!”
“Be nice, Cassie,” Gabriel scowled, looking back at Dean, “How old are you?”
Dean sighed, reaching up and closing Bess’ side compartment and stood next to his friend, “Thanks Benny, for being here.”
“What makes you say that?” She asked, pulling him closer to her side.
“Dean, wait a second!” Sam tried calling, quickly rummaging through his coat pocket to grab his gun. Unfortunately, Dean had already opened the door, revealing a ruffled Rowena holding onto a suitcase and book.
“No, I just wanted the company,” Castiel replied, walking into his kitchen area and preparing himself a cup of herbal tea.
The front door boomed open, announcing the arrival of John Winchester. John was known in town for his responsibilities down at the mechanics, working alongside a gruff man who was basically Dean’s uncle, Bobby Singer. Whilst John was helpful to the townspeople for his occupation, it was common knowledge that John had an underlying alcohol addiction, spending most of his evenings so drunk he would forget everything the next day. Dean had managed to avoid interacting with his drunk father, but he was aware of how different he was, and how frequent his father was getting wasted earlier in the evening.
Dean paused. Cas found himself waiting for the hunter to finish the sentence, waiting to see what Dean actually remembered of him. Instead, Dean gazed up, mimicking Castiel’s trademark headtilt, “Cas is…”
“Who’s Cas?” Dean butted in, standing up from the bed. Rowena glanced over at him, sympathy in her eyes, “He hasn’t got long, Samuel.”
“Not funny,” Sam growled, before grinning and returning the hug.
Dean stepped back as his father hurled in front of the Impala, gripping onto the bonnet for support. The sound of alcohol and partially-digested peanuts spilling onto the concrete echoed, blending with the nightly commotion of other drunkards. The area was known for its dirtiness, the perfect combination of alcoholic’s vomit and overspilling trash cans in alleyways. It didn’t surprise Dean that his father would be in the rundown section of Lawrence, far enough away that he wouldn’t be recognised by residents or pedestrians, but still close enough to put shame to the Winchester name.
“Nothing that would interest anybody,” He replied, drinking some more of his water.
“Goodnight Gabriel,” Castiel switched off his phone, dumping his empty cup into the sink. He entered the master bedroom, sighing at the expansive, empty bed in the middle of the room. As he began changing into his PJs, he set out the police uniform he would wear in the morning, propping his hat on top of the chest at the foot of the bed, before clambering underneath the cold sheets. Closing his eyes, Castiel sighed as his subconscience began dreaming about his new firefighter friend.
Dean was in the kitchen, standing by the stove as he waited for the foil-covered popcorn to stop popping in the pan. He had managed to get one of the radios in the bunker working, and had switched it onto a station that was actually playing decent music. Or at least, decent to Dean’s liking.
“Not quite. It’s difficult to explain,” Dean rubbed the back of his neck, “I loved him in a different way to how I love your dad.”
“The Loughlins?”
Castiel sighed, lowering his head in defeat. It had been stupid to get his hopes up. If Dean couldn’t remember what they’d just been talking about, how would he remember any feelings he had for the angel?
Castiel sighed, tightening his grip on the steering wheel. He silently hoped that it wasn’t too late. He cursed himself for not joining Sam and Rowena with the hunt. If he had been there, they would have gotten the book a lot quicker, and Dean would have been back to normal a lot sooner. What if it was too late for the hunter? Had Castiel made the wrong call by staying behind to watch him?
Mary picked up her sleeping baby, slowly walking back up the stairs and into the master bedroom. Once she placed Sam into the comfier crib next to her bed, she prepared herself for sleep, climbing into bed and switching off the bedroom lamp. Laying down, she stared up at the ceiling, her ears perked to listen for the click of the front door.
Dean nodded. They’d always be friends.
“Friday morning, which gives us the evening to explore your side of town,” His brother perked up, hoping to cheer Castiel a little, “You can always give me a call if you need to talk about work, Cassie. Or anything else, for that matter.”
“Nowhere near as much,” Dean whispered, clutching the mixtape in his fingers, “Has your dad ever talked to you about Cas?”
"Shit. I didn't know. You gonna be alright?" Bobby frowns.
"Yes," Castiel says, his voice full of amusement. "It's fascinating."
"Seagulls," Castiel gestures out the window. "They're sort of cute."
If Dean can't trust Castiel's judgement on anybody's character, he may as well not trust anybody, so he shakes his head. "No, it's okay. I'll figure something out, Cas, don't worry about it."
Dean blanches at first, but shakes his head jerkily. "I don't think Cas is open about anything. He thinks too much, all his words are in his head. Unlike you."
-homophobia (eli is a bitch. John Winchester is a bitch. Eli's dad is a bitch. Dean Winchester is internally a bitch, to himself.)
"Yeah, he's been around. Hopefully he'll be able to tell you himself," Dean says with a smile. "He should be showing up soon. I brought drinks if you want some."
Now, Sam was just silent, listening to Castiel’s more open side to the story. He couldn’t wrap his head around it. It was like listening to a story unfold right in front of him, like everything was suddenly making sense about the two enigmas he had been living with for years.
"Yes, pretend." John stood up. "Because the real heroes are the ones that go overseas, Sam, not some pretty suit-wearing boys that abandon their families. You want to leave us for some school? After everything I've done for you?"
Dean groans and chucks it in the trash. His shoulders burned and stung with every move. The only possible way he could survive comfortably is by picking up more sunscreen, and he knows that. He just wishes he didn't need to add the item to the necessities on the grocery list.
The lady giggles again, and Damn, the sound is starting to get on Dean's nerves. Not that it was the girl's fault, of course. Sometimes a person's laugh was something you had to grow to love. Dean wouldn't find out either way, considering the number he gave to her was purposely messed up by a number or two.
"I don't know," Dean says with amusement. Castiel looks adorable, really, he did. But in the way that a puppy is adorable, he backtracks quickly. Not like a 'wow he's adorable' or a 'I wanna kiss you' adorable, because he's not gay. He's straight as hell, honest. "People have all kinds of secrets."
"Why are you guys here?" Sam asks as soon as he's in speaking range.
He’s never seen the angel look defensive, but now, Cas was standing up and looking as though he was either about to fight or flee. Sam saw how his shoulders were tense and his eyes carried a blur of hopelessness and fear.
"Okay." Dean steps back. "I get it. I'll go."
"There was someone else killed. They identified him as a Styne, I think."
"Are you Dean?"
Dean never had that luxury. He knows exactly what parts of him come from his dad and what parts came from his mom. The way he sees it; anything that he likes, anything that makes him smile or puff his chest when he looks in the mirror, he got from his Mom. Anything that he hates about himself, the fire in his chest and the desperate thorns of terror wrapped around his brain, the inherent loneliness he has, that's all Dad. Sometimes he wonders if this is because the last time he remembers himself in a positive light was when his Mom was still kicking.
"You son of a bitch!" Dean yells furiously, hitting him again in the jaw. "Leave people the fuck alone!"
"You can thank me better by allowing me to bandage your hands. You don't want them to get infected," Castiel states. He gently pushes Dean over to the couch and picks up the bandages that Bobby holds out to them.
Castiel looks perplexed by these instructions, but instead of asking any questions, he simply walks away and starts awkwardly trying to make conversation with people. Dean gets the sinking feeling that maybe Cas thought he was being blown off, and that Dean just wanted to get rid of him.
"I'm sorry for storming out on you," Dean says shakily.
Sam doesn't move.
Dean Winchester; a man of violence and hate, wrapped up and tied with a bow of obliviousness that closely resembles fear. A choked batch of tears claws at his throat. He can't breathe properly trying to keep his emotions at bay.
The door clicks open, and in steps his heavy boots. The walls to this house are thin, they always have been—since the night John screamed when he got back from the hospital with Sam—so Dean hears the familiar footfalls and his breath stops in his chest, the blood in his fingertips going cold.
Dean stops mid-sentence and looks at Castiel with bewilderment. (Later, he would describe the blue-eyed enigma as having this extraordinary quality of getting Dean to talk without knowing it, just by batting those long eyelashes and talking with that deep voice of his. And Dean would respond with whatever he needed to get off his chest. Always.)
Eli spins back on his feet, blinking wildly at the ground. The smile was off his face now, and Dean felt a sense of satisfaction. But the fire was still raging, still burning and making his fists itch to punch again.
Dean laughs and then gives an easy grin. "Of course. Thank you, Bobby. Really."
Sand is still stuck in his toes after rinsing them off with a hose, which he really does hate when he's no longer walking on the particular golden terrain. He sighs and starts walking down the empty road.
"Your dad is dead too, asshat," Eli glares. Dean can hear how hard he's trying to wound him with the words. But the grief Dean has about John hasn't settled in yet; because it came and went just as often as John himself had.
"Dean," Cas says, and his voice was deep and cool, soothing Dean as if it had always meant to do so. "Are you alright?"
𝘉𝘶𝘵 𝘪𝘵 𝘪𝘴 𝘮𝘰𝘳𝘦 𝘪𝘮𝘱𝘰𝘳𝘵𝘢𝘯𝘵 𝘵𝘰 𝘮𝘦 𝘵𝘩𝘢𝘯 𝘺𝘰𝘶 𝘸𝘰𝘶𝘭𝘥 𝘦𝘷𝘦𝘳 𝘬𝘯𝘰𝘸.
It's sweet, having that specific quality of seasonal food that always tastes great because it's exclusive. An ice-cream cone you get at the fair is bound to be more serotonin-inducing than one you get at the store, if for no other reason than it could be argued that ice-cream and other frozen treats were made for summer activities.
"I can see that." Dean smiles slightly at Castiel's stoic expression as he speaks. "What did it say?"
•happiness, Taylor Swift
Dean stuns, staring at him with no words being able to form in his mouth, not one quip. Before he has the chance to even think of bees, or orders, or Castiel's sudden inner thinking of Dean being revealed, the phone on the bedside table rings and startles Cas.
"Dean Winchester, I would want nothing more."
"He's alright," Dean says, walking inside. "Still asleep. He went to the bar last night."
Despite all of these things, festering inside his head like a swarm of angry bees—
Dean mouthes words into his shoulder.
"Because. You know."
When she passed away, John couldn't bring himself to move away from the beach. The house was a shell of the love it used to contain, and John knows it too. Dean's convinced that's why his dad drinks himself silly every night.
It opens slightly, revealing Castiel's tilted head as he peeks through a crack of the open door. His squinted eyes become softer when he sees Dean, and opens the door wider for him to come in. "Dean. How did it go?"
He remembers hazy lights, a faded glow of a dying street lamp in the dark. The sound of the ocean; always the sound of the ocean. There were two lovers dancing on the sand, laughing and jumping around in the dark. Dean remembers asking Mary why they were so happy, and he remembers her smile, bright, even when the dark of the night was blanketing the beach.
And, just like the bonfire that burns, Dean felt a flicker in his chest. Something dangerous as it began to swell, and he knew then, he knew that if he let himself fan the flicker, everything would go wrong. It's happened before. He fanned the ember into a flame, many years ago, and it ended in broken ribs and purpled cheeks. It ended with a scar that sits across his shoulder. And here was the ember again, fizzling alive in desperate sparks and calling to someone that Dean can't allow. He cannot fan this into a flame and so fear mixes with the burning in his chest, only adding to the heat.
He also knows that Castiel makes good company, and he needed that, he truly did. He knows that Cas is a good guy to go to for problems, and that he would listen and unconsciously make sure Dean knew he was listening, with the famous way he tilted his head to one side and squinted carefully, letting his lips pucker out in consideration.
Dean finishes the dishes, puts away the leftovers, and lets Sam convince him to take the guest bedroom with Castiel. Bobby has gone to bed, and Sam takes the couch. The sun falls.
"That's very selfless of you," Castiel comments.
Castiel considers this, blinking momentarily as if processing the switch of focus in the conversation. He gives Dean a smile that Dean believes looks too much like a grimace. "Ah..."
He came to talk about, in the fewest of words he could manage, the fact that Sam Winchester needed to go to Stanford; and he couldn't handle the price on just a summer job.
"Well, you'll figure it out. You'll get to that preppy school, you're smart," Dean argues. He leaves out the part about the mason jar, or about Bobby, or about the summer job.
The last of his energy is used to change into new clothes, ones that aren't soaked with salt and sand, and then he collapses onto the bed and drifts into unconsciousness.
It then occurs to Dean that maybe Castiel has been through some shit, too. It makes sense, in retrospect, as nobody with any healthy no-trauma brain would ever fall in love with Dean. He shakes the thought off and enters the diner with Castiel by his side.
Would he tell himself that John wasn't worth any of his time? That he should make plans for Sam to get out long before that weary night last year? Not much would have been different, probably.
"Dean," Sam says quietly, in a tone that lets Dean know that he's trying to console him. "That's fine. It's fine. I already know I'm not going to Stanford, I already accepted that months ago when I asked Dad. You don't have to get upset over any of this."
Dean goes still and then sighs. The drowsiness is making him want to talk, and sometimes he forgets that Sammy never knew Mom before she passed away. He keeps his gaze on the table and smiles something bittersweet.
"Go to your room!" John had shouted. "Go the fuck to your room!" After hours of sitting in terror, alone on his bedroom floor and listening to his father's sobs finally quiet, Dean stood and snuck out of the room. He crawled past the kitchen, where John had passed out, and into his parent's room. And he saw him, his baby brother Sam, the very thing that his Mom told him to look out for and protect.
"I love you," Mary murmured.
"Good." Sam stands up from the table and leaves with his backpack swung over his shoulder.
He must remember blue eyes. Not a shade plucked from the sky, nor a drop from any ocean, more beautiful than each and all. Downturned and deepset, holding so much love for humanity, even the simplest sprinkle of dirt on the land.
June 19th, 1986
"Bi?" Dean's confusion only grows worse, and now he's even more caught off guard, scrunching his face up without knowing whether or not he should be offended. "What the hell is that?"
"Is there a reason you talk like that?" Dean asks curiously, picking up the sunscreen bottle from Cas's hands. "Like you've got some big secret?"
Bobby's expression goes stoic and he stands up to open the door. This was a man Dean has known since he was a baby. This was a man that Dean has never had the misfortune of seeing his true emotions; because he was the fantastic opposite of John, or, in other words, a good father. He did not scream his true thoughts after guzzling far too much vodka. If he's scared now, Dean can't tell. Dean only sees Bobby being strong, because Bobby is ready to protect his kids from whatever is behind that door.
At some point during the evening, Castiel kisses Dean's forehead softly, like he's a flower petal, like he's everything, like he's glass and he's beautiful because of it.
He can feel the cool salt water seep into the denim jeans he's wearing, just under his waist. A shiver goes up his spine as he adjusts to the temperature. He looks over at Castiel, who has closed his eyes and looks completely at ease in this environment.
It hurt to think about, like a painful emptiness in his chest that stuck in a melting pot of the light Castiel currently had, because he was right in front of him, and he wasn't gone yet. Dean glances at the man in question and realizes quietly that, maybe Dean isn't the only Icarus. Maybe both of them are; just two souls learning to be hopeful again, and yearning towards the smallest sliver of light they can find.
"Sure."
"Dean," Castiel says softly, his voice just above a whisper.
"The fair," Dean answers easily. "After you and Jess left."
Then there's Sam, across the beach and twirling Jess around with a big grin on his face. Dean remembers more of Sam's life than he remembered his own. He remembers when Sam first came home, that night so long ago.
He doesn't quite know how to spin this— So he lies. Maybe illegal. Maybe frowned upon. But this was a delicate situation, and when has John ever taught Dean to care about the law?
Rather from shock, or the sudden realization he was outnumbered, the asshole runs down the alleyway, holding his most likely broken nose. Dean turns back to the kid, who he can see better now that closer to the lamppost.
Cas reads the note, letting out a sound that was a mix between a laugh and a scoff, because it truly was a ridiculous note. And yet, his heart was pounding in his chest.
He walks down the hallway of his bedroom, letting his breath catch once he makes it to his bedroom. Closing the door behind him, he starts thinking harder and harsher about the insecurities that have grown over the past few weeks. Mary is a faded picture in his head, and he gasps at the idea of Mary hating him, knowing that he's one of them. That he's the very thing people like Eli slurs at on the streets.
After a second too long of them staring at each other, Dean shakes his head. "You're one weird guy, Castiel."
Her early leaf’s a flower;
"I wanted to ask for a job."
"Okay."
And suddenly time passes all too quickly; and the silence that covered the room like a thick blanket of snow on the rooftops is not silent enough. An alarm clock ticks mockingly from the bedside table. He wants to crush it in his hands, but they are too busy wrapped gently around Castiel's wrists, holding him close.
Castiel looks up from his bowl and glances out the window. Outside the diner was a decent view of the boardwalk, as well as the waves flowing gently back to sea as low tide came in for the day. Birds flew down to get their own lunch.
"This is so stupid," Charlie laughs breathlessly. "I'm not a surfer girl, I'm a computer nerd. I work at RadioShack."
Castiel's lips twitch into a frown, and he looks pained, as if hurts him to say the next few words. "It means transient. Lasting a short while."
Castiel in of himself is another thing that has solidified in the past week. He's never had anybody make him feel more rightfully himself, moreso, himself in a positive light.
Castiel clears his throat and shifts on his feet. He's nervous, Dean supplies. He's uncomfortable. He's upset. And he's talking so damn slow.
"Dean."
Castiel huffs a soft laugh and turns to watch Sam and Jess twirl around sparklers. The lights crackle off of the metal sticks and disappear before they hit the sand. "Well, you know I enjoy our conversations. What do you want to know?"
"Need someone to spot you? I'd be more than happy too. After my shift, of course," Dean smiles something sly.
"I know." Castiel presses a warm kiss to Dean's bare shoulder. He frowns deeply and leans his forehead against where the kiss was placed. "I can stay. I can make it work."
•peace, Taylor Swift
"C'mon, loosen up!" Dean smiles at him. "Please."
"What are you thinking about?" Castiel murmurs.
He had been young, maybe just between four or five. He remembers this, because Mary had walked with a watermelon belly, rosy cheeks, and a proud glow that could only belong to a soon-to-be mother of two. He had been using his time before dinner to draw at the kitchen table with crayons.
The idea of "soulmates" disappeared. The right person—HIS person, didn't exist for so long that it caught him off guard to be so... fond of this man in front of him.
Dean laughs, shaking his head. His eye catches on somebody sitting at the bar, more specifically, a somebody wearing a trenchcoat, and his laughter fades. His gaze must stay there for a second too long because Sam notices.
"You don't need to, I can handle it."
"He figures that if he had lost the love of his life, he would keep something around like the ocean to remember them by, too."
Castiel was only meant to stay for a few days, really. It was never meant to be this long. This story only has one ending. Ephemeral love, he said. Ephemera.
The mason jar sits on Dean's desk.
"You are perfect," Dean says between the centimeters of space between them. "I don't even know what to say, Cas. Thank you."
The compliment rattles Dean to his core, causing his breath to go cold and his mind to go blank. He supposes the proper response is a thank you, but his ears feel too warm and he just knows that his face is a vivid beet red. His thoughts are in blaring red alarms, steam coming from his ears but not the angry kind, more the shocked kind. Dean's mouth is ready to rattle off a million reasons why that isn't true, but Castiel's silence shuts him down further.
"Yeah," Charlie laughs. "Don't worry, I dig you."
July 4th, 1986
-mentioned/implied child abuse (John Winchester is abrasive and emotionally manipulative, mentions and implications towards him physically hurting dean, as well as shouting and screaming and being very angry and aggressive)
"Right. Well, go run along back to daddy, okay? No need to scare off tourists," Dean grits out. "They're the people giving your dad money. Wouldn't wanna upset your dad, would you?"
"I'm okay, Dean." Castiel says with as much conviction as he can put into his gravelly tone. "Are you alright?"
Sam looks up from the coffee maker. "Yeah, what's up?"
Dean blinks several times. He repeats the sentence in his head twice, mouthing the word once, and then looking away. Both. It makes sense, in retrospect. It isn't when you got a burger, you were supposed to either like mustard or ketchup. Nobody expects you to like one and not the other, and nobody faults you for liking none or both. It's a preference, isn't it? Anybody can like both. Dean can like both, too, if he wants.
The waves crash again.
“You wrote a poem of some sorts, Dean,” Cas starts. “It revealed some rather, personal ideas, per say, about me.”
It's a question asked in a half-joking tone, but it has Dean thinking nonetheless. It felt good, seeing people looking at him like he was a hero. For all the work that he's done before, he's never been treated like he was anything bigger than sand under a shoe. The contrast, he thought, was one of the nicest things to come out of this job.
•evermore, Taylor Swift
"What the hell happened?" Bobby asks, walking out of the kitchen and into the living room. Dean gratefully takes a beer from his hands.
The lady quickly hands over a pen, which she had apparently been holding in her other hand. She eagerly holds out her arm.
"Sometimes, yes." Castiel picks up a sunscreen bottle and turns it over in his hands. "They've been through a lot. Our father has had difficulties over the years with doing his basic diligence. If I'm being honest, it's one reason I was so easily convinced to leave."
"In addition to tourists," Cas speaks up, furrowing his eyebrows and tilting his head. "Why didn't you tell me about the spot on the beach?"
“What’s it say?” Dean asks.
"Because it gives us more time to go on the Ferris wheel."
"Well, he's here, isn't he?" Dean says teasingly.
Castiel gently runs a hand through his hair, threading through it. "I'm sorry, Dean. But not for saying any of that. I'm sorry that I can't say it to you forever."
Stores and stalls line the pier, and the grease is tangible in the air, making it smell sweet, tangy, salty, and everything in between. Salt and sugar litter the boardwalk, as does spilled ketchup or cheese sauce.
"That's a lot of adjectives," Castiel says pointedly, giving Dean a soft smile. "They're happy."
Dean blinks a few times, his coffee going forgotten as he stares at the ocean move. Despite how loud the water was, it couldn't clear out his thoughts.
The waves crash.
It hurt to think about, like a painful emptiness in his chest that stuck in a melting pot of the light Castiel currently had, because he was right in front of him, and he wasn't gone yet.
He unlocks the front door and walks directly to the kitchen, getting a frozen bag of peas from the refrigerator's freezer drawer and a beer from the fridge. Across the kitchen; he spots a note to the top left of the fridge's door.
"Whatever it is—" Sam speaks up, sounding all responsible and mighty. He has a practiced casualty as he speaks. Dean wonders if he already knows. "—it'll be fine, Dean. Just tell me."
Devotion was another thing all together. Castiel has, and would do all over again if given the choice, left everything he knew because of Dean. Dean, Dean, Dean. The human that had little to give, or so Heaven had tried to convince him.
"I bet he was," Sam says bitterly. "Shit. I can't believe it. Was anyone else hurt?"
"Some tourist," Bobby huffs with a note of amusement. He echoes the words with a sense of familiarity—Dean's ears flush when he realizes that they were his own words from after he just met Castiel.
"He's, uh... packing," Dean admits. His face falls. "Today's his last day. He's got a plane ticket back to Pontiac booked for later this afternoon."
“Cas. What are you saying?” Dean asks slowly.
Castiel notices him first, looking up with those wide blue eyes of his and tilting his head. He doesn't say a word though, as if unsure that he was somehow overstepping boundaries for simply saying hello.
Dean blinks repeatedly at the thought and bites his tongue so hard that it just barely avoids bleeding iron into his mouth. No. He couldn't let it happen. He'd just let himself be a close friend. Close friends are... close.
Sticky sweet longing that clung to the inside of his ribcage, warmth of adoration and loyalty and desperation all working together to melt the ice shields he put up to keep his heart from pounding too fast, and they were now finally dripping down to nurture the blossoming of something new, like how Winter melts into Spring.
-castiel being forced to go to the local clam chowder restaurant
•Strawberry Blond, Mitski
Castiel has succumbed finally, but all too late, to the heat of the California summer. Stripped of the familiar overcoat, replaced with tan skin under a white tank top. His patient smile remains the same. He looks beautiful, Dean thinks.
Dean never had the chance to grow up properly since then.)
"Yes, I am the one who spoke," the man with the dark hair frowns. "There isn't anybody else here. Surely you're smart enough to know that."
He looks back at Sam. His baby brother looks so much older than he remembers him to be. He doesn't have the prickle of inexperienced shaving on his chin, because Dean remembers teaching him to shave when Sam turned thirteen and he had done a damn good job at it. He isn't as short as he used to be, he's no longer looking up at Dean for what to do. He surpassed him in height a few centimeters earlier this year, hasn't let Dean hear the end of it, and stopped asking Dean for help on things even earlier than that.
"What's your favourite memory of her?" Sam asks, leaning forward to listen.
(It doesn’t occur to Dean that he wouldn’t need to open the door when he had slipped the note under the doorway, but it also doesn’t occur to Dean what a terrible way to reciprocate his feelings this was to begin with.)
"From what?" Castiel asks, biting into it again. He licks vanilla from his lips.
"If I asked my father's church for donations, then I thought it might help with raising money for Sam," Castiel explains slowly. Something in his tone makes Dean's blood shift under his skin. He sounds weary, Dean decides. Too weary. Untrusting.
This is what it feels like to have somebody to count on, Dean thinks, other than myself. It's a feeling he hasn't had since he was just a kid, so long ago and washed away from tears and built up walls that he had forgotten what it was like. But he's learning again, and he's not quite an old enough dog to be hopeless about it. This boyish man can still relearn tricks, especially with people in his life like Cas and Bobby.
Which is why he has far bigger concerns than wanting to kiss a guy, more specifically, one guy who evidently doesn't own a hairbrush. The debt they were sitting in lies heavy on Dean's shoulders, and he's swimming through an ocean of coins that should be going to Sam's college funds. The mason jar on his desk is too light; he can pick it up with one hand.
"You," Dean replies bluntly. "Sometimes I feel like you know everything about me, but you're just a dorky guy I really really like who turned me a little bit gay."
"Dad." Dean sees Castiel's expression harden in a matter of milliseconds.
"So," Dean looks over at him. "You didn't finish your sentence before."
Dean's heart quietly thuds against his chest, and he doesn't know what he looks like right now, but he knows that he feels the same warmth that comes from napping lazily under the bright solar light. A recharge of life, a feeling of such a serenity that you want to outreach your hand and grasp the clouds. It's the feeling of nostalgia, reminiscing on nicer memories in faded fixtures that make you feel at peace.
The only way he could pay for this is if he sold his own damn soul.
He reads it again.
John steps closer, wavering as he does so. Dean steps back, only a few feet from his bedroom door. A whirlwind of confusion is being screamed at him from his internal defense system. His entire body is tensing up from his own words, awaiting a fight. "You have to go, Dad."
"And why is that?" Dean laughs quietly.
Castiel questions him all the way over to the vending machine, but Dean only answers with "drinks". They aren't alcoholic, but the heavy thud of the Coca Cola bottles rolling down the metal after Dean puts the quarters in is just as satisfying.
Dean's eyelashes fluttered open, revealing his still reddened eyes. "Cas", he rasped tiredly, as he stretched himself out attentively, "Is it time for breakfast yet?". Cas exhaled a small laugh. It was a good sign that Dean hadn't lost his appetite despite everything that had happened. "I'm afraid it's already a bit late for breakfast", Castiel answered, as he turned the display of Dean's alarm clock towards the hunter. "Dammit", Dean grunted as he knuckled at his eyes, "I think I'm gonna take a shower". Cas nodded. "Just be careful", he reminded him and Dean rolled his eyes, but ended up smiling at the angel's concern for him.
He was thankful that there were no weird noises at night, though. Apparently, the two of them still hadn't gotten to this stage of their relationship, which - honestly - baffled Sam to no end. With all the nauseating couple-y things that they did, he couldn't understand how it was even possible that they weren't already married yet.
As much as he wanted to stay in this moment and comfort Dean, he pulled himself together, swallowed his guilt and continued to run after Michael, his fingers closed tightly around the angel blade in his right hand. Right now, the only thing that mattered was to save Dean.
Warnings: LOVE CONFESSIONS! Canon typical suicidal thoughts (as in the planning of a suicide mission). Canon typical hints at alcohol abuse. Canon typical fighting & violence.
It was just when he heard someone approaching on the corridor, that Dean realized what had just happened and suddenly took a leap backwards. He was so shocked by this unexpected moment of intimacy between them, that he just turned around and rushed back down the hallway, accidentally bumping into Sam as he went around the corner.
. You get me..now that you've been inside my noggin even more than ever I guess".
However, he was torn from his thoughts as Sam cleared his throat. He had been standing there all the while, looking at them with a satisfied smile on his face. He excused himself awkwardly to get dinner for them.
"So..
On their return, they found Jack huddled into a chair, his face distorted with pain. Cas was standing next to him, trying to help him, but he was at a loss and his powers weren't strong enough to relieve him from his pain. Apparently, Nick was working his dark spell and Jack could feel it in his body, because Nick was using his blood to do it.
Apparently, Dean felt the same urge, because he licked his lips before he twined his arm around Castiel's neck to pull him closer. Cas resisted, even though it took him all of his self-restraint. "I still have work to do", he explained quickly, as he reluctantly pulled back. He knew that it was a lame excuse, but he couldn't allow himself to be too happy just now, no matter how painful it was for both of them.
Dean supported Cas as he followed him to his room. He watched the angel as he put on the dark red shirt that he had given him. The shirt hung a bit loose on Cas' body, but the way that the color of the shirt enhanced his eyes made Dean catch his breath. "You should get some rest now", Dean said as he led Cas to his room, his eyes never leaving the angel.
What annoyed Sam the most though, was that they tried to make a fool out of him. More than anything, he wished that Dean would just talk to him, but being the good brother that he was, he didn‘t say anything because Sam knew that there must have been a huge internal struggle inside Dean‘s head. There was so much on his plate that he had to deal with. Their cases. Michael. His fight with Lucifer. And now that thing with Cas, whatever
And then, maybe it didn't even matter who he was, which gender he was attracted to and how any of this had even happened in the first place. All that he knew was that he would go to hell and back for this guy without giving it a second thought. And right now, nothing else mattered. Not Castiel's deal. Not his father's voice in his subconscious mind that was telling him to be a man. No demon or monster in the whole friggin' world.
Michael was still fighting hard to take back control, trying to push back to the front of Dean's mind. Dean tried to ignore the pain in his body as he pressed his hands against the flesh wound and closed his eyes to focus on the battle that was going on inside his head. He could see Michael punching and kicking and lashing out at him, running towards him with big strides as he came closer and closer. Dean tried to run and concentrated, with all his might, on his memory of Castiel - on their victories and happy moments, on the way he smiled at Dean and the way that every touch made Dean feel like he was at home. He remembered the softness of their kiss and he imagined what it would feel like to deepen it, to explore every corner of Castiel's mouth with his own and in that moment he knew, that he had to see him again.
"Dean, what are you doing?", he asked, worried and angry at the same time.
Sam had just left the bunker to get some groceries and Dean couldn't reach him on his mobile phone, so he gave Jack a few instructions before he left. Jack was supposed to play Sam Donatello's voicemail as soon as he got back from his grocery shopping and to call Dean on his spare phone in case he could figure anything out.
He wouldn't know, because Dean kept ignoring him for the entire day, even when they were on the hunt. It had been stupid and at times even dangerous, because it would have made their mission a lot easier if they would have presented a united   front and helped each other out. But apparently, right now everything was better for Dean than to work with Cas and it broke his heart.
"Yeah whatever", Dean scoffed before he took a bite and closed his eyes in bliss as he enjoyed the taste of this homemade burger.
"Are you okay, Cas?", Dean interrupted the angel's thoughts. His voice was clearly saturated with sorrow and uncertainty. "Yes, I'm..I 'm just a bit..confused", Castiel answered, as he propped himself up to sit up next to Dean on the edge of the bed.
Suddenly, Dean‘s long eyelashes fluttered and his sleepy eyes opened. He squinted. "Cas?", he whispered. "I‘m sorry, Dean..I was just-", Cas stuttered. "Watching me sleep", Dean grumbled, but he was still way too tired to start an argument right now.
But now that he was at the crossroads again, Dean began to question everything. Maybe there was no such thing as free will. Maybe setting Castiel's life on the line was the universe's shitty way of showing him that it was his destiny to be Michael's vessel and to kill Lucifer. And maybe..just maybe, it had been Castiel's duty to rescue Dean from hell because they were meant to be together. Now that everything seemed to come full circle, there was not a trace of doubt left in Dean's mind that this was the way to save Cas. His ultimate destiny.
, "But I believe that, as your
Sam had given his brother a few hours to himself, before he softly knocked on his door. "Can I come in?", he asked but there was no answer. Sam knocked again before he cautiously opened the door to Dean's room, well aware that Dean wasn't to be underestimated when he was in a bad mood.
"You had it coming, too, you bastard", he scoffed at Nick's lifeless body angrily, as he propped himself up and rose to his shaky feet. Dean dragged his own body to the Impala, wincing in pain with every small movement. He sat down behind the steering wheel and put the pedal to the metal, speeding back to the bunker as fast as he possibly could.
Then, he felt an excruciating and all-consuming pain deep in his stomach. There was a flickering image of Lucifer in front of him, as he punched and kicked Dean until he was barely alive. He watched as a realistic image of himself manifested itself in Dean's mind and he observed the way that Dean had used it to kill Lucifer and to lock Michael away.
, Dean realized. It wasn't as if he had needed yet another reason to go through with his plan, but when he realized that Jack was in danger too, it only strengthened his will to get it over with as soon as possible. If all clues pointed into the same direction, it had to be the right thing to do..
Dean looked up at the angel, his expression somewhere between confusion and playful irritation. "I thought you didn't even like the taste of food anymore?", he asked, his tone both challenging and genuinely interested. "That is true for most foods", Cas explained in a flirty voice and
Bryan Adams - (Everything I Do) I Do It For You
. But deep inside, he was relieved to know that nothing had changed between them.
To say that Dean was touched by the amount of comfort that Cas gave him was a vast understatement. Cas had been even more concerned about his wellbeing than usual and even though Dean didn't feel too comfortable to be pampered like that, he couldn't deny that it felt good to have Cas so close to him, no matter what his actual intention was.
Sam's mouth fell open and he nodded at Castiel, trying to hide his confusion. Dean raised his eyebrows at him.
Just as he heard the soft drumming sounds, Dean realized that the radio in the kitchen had been on all along. Apparently, Sam had turned on some 80's station and Dean just leaned back for a moment to listen to the music in an effort to keep his mind off things. Instead, the song that was playing, was dragging him even further down into this vortex of emotions.
Dean remembered the Men of Letter's records and he knew that he had to try it, because right now, he had a strong feeling that he, or rather the archangel Michael, was about to lose this fight. He tried to focus his mind on the only one thing that he could think of, that could have the potential to be powerful enough to awaken every last bit of willpower and determination in him.
Dean cleared his throat before he continued, "What I'm trying to say is..you're able to protect yourself. I mean, hell, you're a lot stronger than me and Sam combined, so you could probably protect the three of us all on your own". Dean looked back up at the angel in awe, the volume of his words increasing as his certainty grew, "But this isn‘t even what matters the most..what matters the most is that you
Maybe he had to be reminded of that again.
your friend, still, despite your lack of faith in me"
and we have to help him. You know..he's already beating himself about it enough, so there's no point in making this harder for him than it already is".
Because it was in this moment, as he was held in Castiel's loving arms that he realized that he had already fallen for him.
Sam listened to the lyrics until suddenly, it struck him. Cas wasn't really bored, the poor guy felt lonely. As Sam had already figured out, Dean and Cas weren't sharing a room, even though he had occasionally witnessed Cas coming out of his brother's room at night when he had been watching him sleep after his fight with Lucifer. Sam hadn't seen them kissing either and - seeing how miserably they had failed to hide their other forms of physical contact - Sam doubted that anything like that had actually happened yet.
“But really, why are you calling?”
Dean approached the other boy, “Would you like to play in my bedroom?”
“We shall see you soon,” Castiel replied, hanging up the phone. Dean looked at him curiously, “Who was that?”
“If you want to break the curse on your brother, we need to find that book.”
“Can we make something with honey, Mommy?”
Mary walked over to the crib in the living room, leaning over and checking that Sam was asleep. She picked up the second baby monitor, attaching it to her belt before carrying Dean out of the front door and towards the moving van. As they approached, the older son of the new family noticed them, running over to his mother and mimicking what Dean had done to get Mary’s attention in the kitchen. The other woman glanced over in the direction of the two approaching neighbours, her lips piercing into a small smile as she walked towards them.
Mary clapped her hands together, getting her son’s attention, “Right, I think it’s probably time for us to head back. We left baby Sam at home and he’ll need feeding soon.”
Dean furrowed his brows, before letting out a deep sigh, “I’m sorry.”
A flash of purple light glinted through the bottom of the door, following by Rowena’s voice chanting an unknown spell. The two men stood straight, seeing Rowena and Dean emerge from the room.
“My name is Cas, remember?” Cas reached over and got a hold of the hunter’s wrist, bringing his eyes back to meet his own, “We can get through this, okay?”
As the two kissed for what seemed an eternity, Sam and Rowena got into the Impala, leaving the other Winchester and angel to catch up on the missed moments over the last eight years.
“Do you miss him?”
The evening sun settled under the horizon, leaving only a glimmer of light to shine onto the cleaned gravestone. Even in the dimming light, its engraving could still be read:
“Very funny, Gabriel.”
“Don’t be shy, Dean. Go say hello,” Mary smiled, bending her knees so that she could safely put her son on the ground. He immediately clung to her legs, keeping a barrier between himself and the older boy.
Both Sam and Cas gave Rowena horrified looks, not understanding why Dean couldn’t recognise his brother. Suddenly, Dean burst out into laughter, bending his legs as he bowed, “Look at his face! Oh! Kind of like the time when I ate all your Halloween candy.”
“So he won’t be here to meet Castiel?” Dean lowered his head in disappointment, blinking furiously to stop any tears forming in his eyes. When he glanced back up, Mary was crouched in front of him, cupping his cheeks, “Don’t be upset, sweetie. There’ll be plenty of times for your father to meet your new friend.”
“Oh,” Dean replied, lowering his gaze shyly. Castiel grasped onto his arm, “Let’s ask Momma if tea does make your teeth yellow.”
Dean nodded, brushing the back of his hand over his eyes. Mary stood back up, brushing down her crumpled jeans, then resting her hands on her hips, “Now, let’s make sure everything’s ready for their arrival.”
Ignoring the taller man, the witch smiled over at Dean, who had lowered his head bashfully at the attention, “If you’re dealing with the witches I think you’re dealing with, you most certainly needed ‘a house call’” She mocked, exaggerating the sarcasm with her free hand. Dean took her suitcase off her, dragging it over to the main table before returning to his spot on the bed, waiting for the two to have their conversation.
“Can we talk about something else, please?” Dean begged, the embarrassment beginning to hit him.
Jack had explained to the brothers numerous times why he couldn’t bring Cas back.
“It’s more like Charlie dragged me in, actually,” He chuckled, watching as she poured him a healthy shot of whiskey, “She wants to meet the new officer.”
They watched as the boys disappeared out of sight, Donna taking the notepad from Castiel’s hands, “Probably not what you expected your first job to be, huh?”
“Brown is a common hair colour,” Castiel remarked, continuing to prod at the loose gravel on the road with his stick. Gabriel rolled his eyes, “Don’t mind Cassie here. He’s never been good with talking to other people. He’ll probably be in your class at school, Deano - he’s four too.”
Feedback and comments are always welcome!
“My apologies. I believed the questioning was a form of flirtation?”
When your best friend is Charlie Bradbury, of course she is going to force you to meet the new officer again, Dean learnt.
“Right, got it,” Sam replied, hanging up the phone. Dean raised his head at the silence, tilting it in a way that reminded Sam of Cas, “Well?”
“To wait until you’re ready to listen,” the black-haired boy huffed. His father nodded, “Then wait until we are done having our conversation.”
Benny jokily punched him on the bicep, bringing him into a side hug, “Anytime, cher.”
“Maybe he’s just drunk. It is almost afternoon, after all,” A loud noise blared through the phone, Sam hearing Rowena’s frustrated shriek on the other end.
Taking a closer look at the photo, Dean blushed, rubbing the back of his head, “Yeah, that’s him.”
“And what family would that be?” Sam questioned, showing the laptop screen to Rowena.
“What?” Dean asked.
“Which one of you was the driver?” Donna asked.
John nodded, putting Dean back down. He rubbed his hand over his tired face before trudging into the kitchen, leaving his family in the hallway. Sammy began gurgling as he finished his milk bottle, Mary carrying him back to his crib and settling him down. Dean followed, peeking between the bars to watch as his little brother squirm before curling up and falling back into a deep slumber.
“He’s planning on staying in Stanford.”
Donna’s loud voice disrupted the calm atmosphere, alerting everyone of her presence, “There’s a car accident down Massachusetts Street,” She announced, grabbing at her walkie talkie whilst speed-walking towards the main doors, “Novak, you’re with me.”
“Yeah!” He joyfully cheered, skipping over to Castiel, “Did you hear?”
“It certainly isn’t that good.”
“What are you on about? We’re awesome to have around,” Donna chuckled, drinking her beer. Benny and Dean clinked their shot glasses before downing the whiskey, both unaffected by the afterburn.
“How do I break it?” Sam interjected, turning his attention to the bathroom door where Dean was now leaning, his head down and arms crossed over his chest.
“Do not leave the city in the next 48 hours, and it is preferred for you to stay home until further notice,” Castiel said. The three men nodded, scrambling off when Donna waved them away.
Charlie shook her head, her phone facing upwards on the table, “Donna texted, saying they’ll be arriving soon.”
Castiel stopped in front of his apartment complex, nodding politely at the groundkeeper before entering the main lobby. From down the hall, he could hear the energetic ring of Charlie’s voice, causing him to turn around. She was on the phone to someone, fumbling with her keys in her hands whilst propping her phone against her ear using her shoulder. Noticing Castiel, she waved excitedly, continuing to squeal into the phone as she managed to unlock her door and slip inside. The police officer smiled, walking up the three flights of stairs and approaching his front door.
“You done?”
They both stopped in front of an arrangement of trees, all coated in strange markings. Sam wandered over to one of them, grazing his fingers delicately over the carved wood, “They’re glyphs.”
Dean was the first one out of the building, heading towards the Impala where Rowena was standing.
Cas had to force himself not to stop the car. As far as he knew, this was the first time Dean had forgotten his brother. Not good, “Nevermind.”
“You know how she gets though,” Benny stepped out of the booth, politely bowing towards everyone, “Have a good evening, and I hope we can do this again.”
“Lord of the Rings was tolerable but The Hobbit went on for too long.”
“What do you do for fun, Castiel?” Charlie asked, noticing how he was focusing on the two firefighters.
“And what makes you say that?”
From the sounds of it, John was already pretty closed to being drunk, his footsteps heavy on the wooden floor in the hallway. Dean could hear Mary sorting out Sammy’s food and her gentle voice talking to her husband. Dean bolted down the stairs, colliding into his father with a welcoming hug, “Daddy!”
“It’s a very pretty card, I’m sure Castiel will love the effort you’ve put into it.”
The two men raised their eyebrows at her. Ignoring their lack of response, she shoved the laptop screen up at their faces, tapping at it excitedly, “The police department hired a New Yorker as the latest officer, and isn’t he a piece of eye-candy?”
“Super! I’ll catch you guys later!” Charlie shouted, bouncing along as she returned back to the office space.
Castiel had immediately warmed to the city of Lawrence, taking in the new atmosphere like a breath of fresh air. Whilst he had only been in the city police force for just under two weeks, there was an instant bonding with his fellow colleagues, who had eagerly welcomed him with open arms. Captain Jody Mills ensured that the raven-haired man knew his surroundings, especially making sure that Castiel knew where the break room was. She had also provided Castiel with a mentor: the cheery, blonde officer Donna. At first, Donna’s constant mothering towards the newcomer had been intimidating, her hands always full with bakery goods or cups of coffee, but Castiel had adjusted to the friendly woman, growing very fond of her loving nature.
Once at the top of the stairs, Sam yelled, “Rowena, out here!”, grunting as Dean tried getting away. The redhead poked her head out of the far set of doors, “Hurry and get him in here.”
“Cool.”
“Momma says it’s easier to write ‘Cas’ instead of my full name,” Castiel replied, “My friends used to call me Cas before we moved.”
“Then he’ll be missing out,” She replied, guiding him up the stairs to his bedroom, “You’ll both be in the same class at school, he’ll want to be your friend.”
“Probably John,” Donna replied, gulping down the rest of her beer, “Anyone want anything else?”
It had taken the Novaks a few days to finish moving in. The once-full cardboard boxes were now folded and piled on the curb outside the house, alongside a couple of large trash bags next to a full trash can. Despite being neighbours, Dean hadn’t talked to Castiel since their first interaction, neither attempting to make the first move. Naomi had popped by the previous morning, accepting the offer to have dinner at the Winchester household the following evening. When Mary had told her eldest son, Dean jumped up in excitement, throwing his hands up as he struggled to stay still, “Can Castiel stay for a sleepover?” He pleaded, gripping onto Mary’s shirt to get her attention, “I promise to be quiet so Sammy can still sleep.”
"So you wanna get inside me..", Dean stated and he tried his best to make it come across as nonchalant as possible but the fact that he was shyly grinning like a nervous teenager didn't really help him there.
