Holmes’s expression relaxed from its intensity, and he sat back on the sofa, contemplating my words. I took a sip of my drink, expecting my nerves to fail me but finding them curiously steadfast.
He could sense that Holmes wanted to argue, wanted this over and done with and move on. As easily as Watson could sense Holmes agitation in the sitting room, however, Holmes could also sense Watson's determination now. Watson could see it when Holmes decided to stay quiet and started cutting into the fish.
"I you too, you know."
mollies who liked dressing up, or whose partners wanted to pretend they were not laying with another man. But men
one chapter left, kids. they'll get their heads in order in the next one, I promise!
small content warning in the end notes!
CW: Watson is ignorant of trans people. It feels a little out of the character I've ascribed to him, but that was supposed to be the crux of their early-relationship issues. He dismisses their existence as either dress-up/crossdressing, or implied "tricking" men/those around them.
When he came back, fish and chips for one triumphantly in hand, he had found his words and a new determination. There was no hesitation in his step as he scaled the staircase and knocked on Holmes' door. He allowed himself a quiet chuckle and a bittersweet smile as he reminded himself of a young man, standing outside his sweetheart's door with flowers.
«An act that is sexual in nature, I presume?»
This silenced him. Curiously, it seemed like this had not even occurred to him as a possibility. I stood up to refill our glasses, having difficulty retaining eye-contact while talking about this. «Until the Rowe case, until I saw the tact you conducted yourself with around them, without a hint of personal disgust, I had always had a nibbling doubt that I could lose your friendship.» I handed him his glass again, which he accepted but made no move to drink from. Straightening my back, I looked him in the eyes once again, only a few inches between us. «Some men are of the opinion that inverts cannot be friends with their own sex without… carnal intentions. I would hate to lose your friendship now, Holmes.»
Other nights were spent talking long into the night, with wine and leftover food. Some nights we were alerted of how long we’d kept our conversation by Mrs. Hudson bringing in our breakfast and tut-tutting at us. I had not enjoyed myself for so long in some time, so it took me some days to recognise that this was far from usual. One night, after an evening spent eating at our favourite restaurant and enjoying a concert of Mozart, I found myself studying Holmes as he held a monologue on the nature of mud and soil. While I always — with very few exceptions, and those were near always marked with concern for my friend —
«A mixed language. Some Romani is involved, I believe. I was under the impression it is a thieves’ language.»
I smiled to myself, let out a small chuckle. I never thought I would be as charmed by someone’s forthrightness as I was by Holmes’s. Since our first meeting he had continually surprised me - by all accounts, everything about him is anathema to what I usually find attractive in men, and yet. And yet. I won’t deny I found him handsome and good looking those early days, and we had developed a certain close bond I treasured above all. Something in me held onto the minuscule hope that if I told, he might discover something about himself, and we might pursue a somewhat closer friendship than before. The hope wasn’t bright, but it was there nonetheless.
"Yes, I do want to finish this. It has run its course, Watson, surely you sense it too."
«I am fine, they won’t be an issue anymore — John, I lost you, I thought they had —
, that I have only ever observed between others of your persuasion.» Holmes stood up and moved over to the mantle where he kept his tobacco. With quick movement he fished out a cigarette, and lit it. I had always liked his silhouette when he leaned on the mantle and smoked. Sometimes he would rub his chin, like some bearded men do when lost in thought. «Why now?»
it was night time, few other sounds on the streets on this end of town. I scrabbled as far in as I could, until my shoulder hit a wall. I sank down, clapped a hand over my mouth. Tried to forcibly slow my breathing, as I saw shadows passing the mouth of the alleyway.
- that Watson could not help the small noise and half-stumble forward he made, hand reaching for his friend. "I could never let you live in constant danger of the law, John. It claws at me, every day, and every day I expect you to look at me and propose the most difficult thing I would have to do."
He did not bring up Polari again, after that day.
for you to demand that I- That I go back to
«I was honestly unsure if I would ever tell you this, Holmes. But I have come to trust you, and see you as one of my closest friends, if you’ll allow the liberty.» At this I could see him hiding a small, pleased smile behind his glass. «And with the Rowe case, I can now see it is safe to divulge this.»
Watson could not help bending down and kissing his dear heart thoroughly for that.
"You wouldn't have to- I would
«I think I shall head to bed. Do give Mrs. Hudson my apologies for scaring her. Good night!» And with that he disappeared up the stairs to his room. I was stunned. Did he really mean to ignore it? The desperate kisses, the embrace,
It was dark in there, but Watson knew the room well and easily navigated his way to the bed, where he could make out the lumpy form of his dear friend. He let out a fond puff of air through his nose, before dragging over a chair and sitting down by where he assumed a head would be (neatly ignoring the clothes haphazardly thrown on the back of the chair). Normally he would sit on the bed itself, but this was another liberty he dared not take. Not yet. He hoped.
Something crashed into me as I rounded a corner. «Watson!» Holmes! I felt him take my shoulders, before his hands quickly migrated to my face. «Watson, you’re hurt.»
«I will not know until it happens, Watson!» he waved a hand dismissively.
Holmes hadn’t looked up from his work, and waved a hand in my direction. «Of course, my friend. Anything.»
By the staircase, Holmes came to a halt. He kept his back to Watson. "You must see how much easier, how much better it would be if I just. Went back. Lived my life as my mother wished, as surely Mycroft does although he never says as much." He spun around, and his expression was such a frightening mix of naked emotion - fear, frustration, confusion, fear, fear
It was strange, how he halfway expected this response yet it hit him square in the chest, like a boxer who had taken a severe disliking to him. That Holmes would throw away years, decades, of intimate relationship in such a callous, uncaring manner stopped his breathing - he was drowning, and he could not believe he was drowning, and he so sorely needed to just touch, just one last time-
«Swordsman! My god, Holmes. Home, we need to get home, right now.»
There was no answer from inside, but the door was unlocked so he let himself in.
Holmes was sitting now, cross legged and plate and sight in his lap.
. If he welcomed touch or couldn't stand it, he would always,
-I don't know how period appropriate these words are. I suspect both bibi and remould are newer than the vague 1890s I've set this story in, but there was no information about that. I decided I might as well fudge this.
,» I blurted. No going back now. «Means feet.»
«Ah, but when you did it was with a certain…
«When would you ever need to be camouflaged as an invert, Holmes?» I asked, incredulous. His whole body stilled, and I narrowed my eyes at him slightly.
Then it was over. And he frowned. And he looked at his friend, properly looked. Observed. Holmes had looked away, again, and kept almost manically smoking his cigarette. It was nearly at the end, and Holmes was already fiddling with his cigarette case. He was cloaking his face. It was so painfully obvious to Watson, who had had decades of learning to read his dear detective's expressions. Holmes was looking away and hiding his face because, for once, he could not hide.
A cough sounded from above, and suddenly the touch was gone. My eyes fluttered open, and flicked immediately to Holmes. He had distanced himself, and turned away, as if he did not want me to see his face. I found that I was not as confused as I may have been, once. Rather, I was chewing on an idea.
, in the eyes of the law,» I gave him a crooked smile, «something about honour among thieves, you know.»
Watson's other hand had gone to Holmes' knee, partly for support, partly for more contact. His body was screaming for it after these three lonely weeks, and with each point of contact it sang. He smiled crookedly.
«Men who like both? Why, yes.
«I would never call the law on you, Watson! You know my feelings on its fallibility. I would not so callous—»
"Holmes, please. You need food." He held out the plate he had placed the fish and chips on, cutlery held in two fingers underneath. He heard the unmistaken rumble of an empty stomach, and the form moved. Slowly, it sat up, blanket somehow still around the shoulders, and reached for the plate.
"Holmes?" He sorely wanted to call him by his first name, but did not dare to take the liberty. "I brought a peace offering."
Polari is/was a real code language, many of the individual words are still in usage! Holmes is wrong that it's a thieves' language - many people from boaters on the Thames, sailors, fishmongers, etc used it. Nearly all of the words I use here I pulled from wikipedia, so:
At the mention of his first name, Holmes looked up, eyes - unbelievably - wet. Watson's thumb, seemingly at it's own accord, stroked his cheek.
i've always enjoyed Watson as a bi man who is wholly comfortable in his identity. a self-indulgent headcanon, maybe, but in line with his character i think.
Watson was looking at him from his seat by the window. He had said his name at least three times, and this time Holmes finally looked up from his newspaper and deigned to acknowledge him. Now that he had his attention, Watson was struggling to continue. He was leaned forward, elbows on knees and hands wringing. He opened his mouth a couple of times before finally speaking when Holmes raised an inquisitive eyebrow.
«Watson, I ought to tell you—»
you know my poor efforts at learning languages —
"I do not - I cannot believe that you would draw back as you had, before declaring us over weeks later, and only when I ask. Holmes." He reached up with the hand that had held the case, cupped Holmes' cheek to turn his head so he would look at Watson. He let it happen, although his eyes were still glued to their hands, his left in Watson's right, Watson's arm trapped between them if he stepped closer.
-I don't know how correct they are. There were also dialects of Polari, among those a stark difference between the West End theatre world and the East End canal speak. I assume that the sailors had their own particular dialect as well.
At the moment my roommate was sat cross legged on the floor, with what looked like hundreds of papers spread out around him, sometimes caught up in some memory or other and chuckling to himself as he read. He was stilled filled with energy from the solved case, but not the manic one that sometimes possessed him. This seemed more measured, more appropriate for menial house tasks, like re-organizing his vast files.
that my absence might have some equally chemical
One of the bag’s contents was a brand new, expensive looking kettle. John thanked heaven that Sherlock had managed to remember it. Apparently there was some issue with John trying to get a kettle into the place.
Across from the two of them the ginger-haired wolf - Mycroft, John remembered - smiled faintly.
“Still true, even if I did,” John replied. “Would you rather I didn’t?”
“Look at me.”
“Anyone trained to properly observe could do the same,” Sherlock said. “The trouble is that so very few people
For a timeless moment, John was surrounded by warmth and the scent of Sherlock. He was weightless, and he was safe.
“There is nothing wrong with your hearing,” Sherlock replied. “Which means that either you are unwilling to believe the truthful words I have related to you, or you find the practice of drug usage abhorrent. The latter, obviously, partly because of your chosen profession and more, unless I am wrong, which I very rarely am, to do with having a substance abusing trainwreck of a sister.”
Down went garbage heap.
“Nothing.”
I know this may not have been the reunion that everyone was expecting, possibly on anyone's part, but this wasn't what I was anticipating when I started this either. (
John stepped into the bathroom doorway to survey the scene. Sherlock was glaring at his brother, but there was a troubled look on his face, as though he were worried - something John couldn't pin down precisely because he hadn't seen it on Sherlock's face before - and Mycroft stood with a neutral expression on his face.
John dumped the box on the floor beside the kitchen bin and went about making enough careful space on the counter, one that wouldn’t rain glassware onto the floor and his bare feet, to get mugs down for tea. He resolved to clean the kitchen or at least organize it to the point where he and Sherlock could both function in tandem while getting use out of it. He filled the old kettle from the tap and set it on the hob. In retaliation for being deprived of yet another electric kettle, John turned the burner up all the way.
John found that his mate’s heart was beating harder than his own.
The distance was abrupt and tangible. The feeling of it was a quick dropping feeling in John’s stomach, but without the associated anguish of being separated and angry that’s all it was, a mild discomfort. Sherlock was apparently moving fast. John couldn’t put it out of his mind, exactly, but he was able to keep working on the cushion.
The cell phone fumbled its way out of John’s grip from his pocket and clattered off to the side.
His eyes squeezed shut with it. John opened them again, and found that Sherlock had very pale freckles on his neck. His mate’s arms were tight around him, stroking his back and keeping him close.
As the train sped him across the miles from home - the miles
Just as John was thinking he might get up and check the bandages on his knuckles, the buzzer rang.
“It’s not a problem,” John said, settling in the clean chair near the fire. If he looked over, and he did, he could see Sherlock’s profile. He was concentrating on the books, perhaps a bit too hard.
"Huh."
John could almost feel the punch to his arm and hear Harry’s raucous laughter as she would, undoubtedly declare that John had
Anne resettled the napkin across her lap, reached out and took her glass in hand to sip it before she said, “My grandmother always used to say that some humans could hear our echoes.”
“-only the time necessary to discharge him from the military. You said yourself that he would be better suited to an honorable return than the clandestine existence he would have otherwise been limited to.”
Sherlock slowed further, reaching one arm out to take John’s elbow as they came to a groove in the dirt, likely where John had taken the tumble the night before. “Steep here,” he mumbled, tucking Connie against his shoulder as he assisted John.
Sherlock kissed his neck lingeringly, hands stroking John’s hips tenderly, then up his stomach.
“Have Mrs. Hudson send up supper, Matthews,” John said as he handed off his coat.
John thought about stripping his bedding and picking a different bunk, but he didn’t. He was unsettled enough by being away, he wasn’t going to let one prickly colonel start dictating his movements. Besides, despite the uneasy feeling that seemed to radiate off of him, the Colonel was also the most awake and aware person in the room. There was certainly nothing safe feeling about being near him, but he certainly had a presence to him…
“What they missed - a sad state of affairs that our police can miss things such as this, really, John - was that the victim had not been alone prior to the attack. Given the state of the flat I suppose some allowance ought to be made for the forensic analysts slowness of processing, but really, it can only be incompetence.”
“Something funny?” Sherlock asked, finishing arranging himself in the mirror.
He didn’t know what would happen after the hall, and he wasn’t sure he wanted to be exposed to anyone with the sick feeling only just settled inside of him. Surely they’d find something wrong with him and then he’d get tossed back here.
“Sit down, you bloody wanker,” John said.
John was, overall, taking the news in a manner that seemed…
“If you have such a problem with taking your sister’s gift, let’s go get one now.”
The low rumble sent a shiver through John, and he’d been hard before but he was straining at that tone from that voice. Sherlock covered John’s hands with his, threading their fingers together to loose John’s hold on his hips. Sherlock’s lips pressed to the corner of his jaw, and then the hollow of his throat, and then their lips met and parted and the only single clear thought that John had was that he had never been kissed quite like this by anyone, ever.
They neither of them had cleaned up since the escape... since before the escape. Sherlock smelled very strongly of himself - with an understandable amount of dried sweat and the antiseptic that had been used on his hand when he changed back - and John felt himself stirring in reaction to it. He shifted closer to Sherlock, tipping his nose against his mate's neck to-
"How very kind of you," Sherlock replied.
The door flung open and Sherlock stormed in, curls ruffled on his head and coat flapping around him for a moment before it and the small bag from the electronics store were both flung away onto the desk crammed into the corner. “Mycroft,” Sherlock snapped. “To what do we suffer the pleasure?”
A swell of pride came over him, and John couldn’t fight the grin off his face. “It seems so,” John replied.
“What is?”
“Milton. They took Milton to the station to see about all the blood. It’s all over the sofa,” John said, jabbing a finger at the offending piece of furniture in exasperation.
“Ooh. At this hour, on the phone? I doubt that’s a conversation that’s over.”
It was a rare moment when Sherlock wished he had payed better attention to current events, but he found himself in the midst of one because of John.
“I’m sorry?”
me,” she demanded.
The technician turned the tablet back to herself to take a look. “Scarring, looks like, not from this.”
"Probably not," John replied, glancing at Sherlock.
Once the immediate shaking stopped, John's muscles gave out and he flopped back onto the bed. He was
Sherlock buried his nose in John’s neck, and John blinked against the rush of feeling surging in him. “... god, I’m right then, aren’t I?”
The rest of the room’s population seemed to shy away from John, either from the display of strength from that night, or just a general need for personal space after whatever had brought them to the room they shared.
mind was far stronger than-
John was a little surprised, and he nodded before he could think of a refusal.
“Cup of tea,” Sherlock said, pulling on his dressing gown and heading into the living room.
Peeking an eye open, John was nearly blinded by pale, naked skin of his mate in the morning sunlight. Sherlock was sitting up, and had gathered John into his lap.
There had been other times between them, too. Not for years, now, but there were times without fighting, when the odds were against them and they stood shoulder to shoulder against the onslaught, but that was a given between the two of them that was expected but not so perfectly certain with their extended siblings.
Something unfamiliar flashed across Sherlock’s face, but it vanished faster than a hare chased through the woods. Mycroft could not help but stare at that expression, especially when the words that followed sounded so near desperation.
The sergeant jerked a little at that. “Are you sure about that, Sherlock? That bloke from last time-”
to cocaine. I’m not entirely sure it’s possible for us.”
"Mycroft seems to have left us alone," Sherlock said, settling against John's chest and stroking his torso.
the hollow thought echoed in his brain,
A tall, broad shouldered man - likely another wolf, or possibly just one of Mycroft's minions - took John away from the plane. John felt oddly adrift as he set foot back on the ground after the flight.
“Withdrawl,” Sherlock said, chin lifted in a challenging tilt.
knew something - then Sherlock’s answers could save lives.
"Precisely," Mycroft replied.
John.
The sergeant stiffened, as though she realized she wasn’t supposed to say something like that to one of the soldiers, and almost dropped her pen before she busied herself with her paper.
“Not distracted,” John warned him as he perused the cupboards for whatever might be edible in a breakfast capacity. “Just in need of the appropriate fuel after your meal.”
Mycroft could pinpoint the change in their relationship down to a single exchange.
There went the end of the phone call, then.
John heard a sharp intake of breath on the other end of the line.
“She gave you the phone to make sure she could contact you, but failed to give you the charger. Either she was too drunk to think about such a thing or it’s common for her not to think things all the way through. I imagine Clara has a similar problem with her.”
“I deduced it,” Sherlock replied, smiling fondly at John’s curiosity.
“Precisely,” Sherlock said, stretching out to his full length, taking John by the wrists and sliding his feet against John’s insteps as though he could somehow pull John’s limbs to a similar length of near-gangle.
John had seen it three times before -- twice, really, because how could you count the one that was impossible to see while driving a snowmobile from attacking gunmen -- but this setting was far more fascinating. The group of them all stripped down, conversation continuing until it died off slowly. Even little Connie had been talking (to the others, of course not to John) and she fell silent too.
John turned all that around in his head. That didn’t answer the other unsettling thoughts of other bodies naked with Sherlock, but it was… it was something. It was unsettling to think of Sherlock with anyone else, but the shock of those thoughts was quieted by the warm arms around him.
A horrendous noise squawked up at them from the floor, just as John was about to-
Then Harry was moving again, letting go of his hands and searching through that big shiny purse and her phone was thrust at him. “Take this.”
Sherlock gave him a fond look, and then leaned down to kiss him.
“Despite appearances,” Mycroft said primly, “I am not all-knowing. If a situation has not been documented, I am not immediately aware of all the particulars.”
“If I am?”
“Pardon?” Elisabeth asked.
What Greg knew about Dr. Watson, beyond that, was very little, but the man seemed steady. Perhaps a little overwhelmed by his circumstances, but certainly not a threat of any kind. He didn’t deserve the sour, heartless detective that was questioning him. He deserved better.
Holmes was frozen, staring at their touching hands, and this too was new. He had always been so
«Indeed,» I nodded, sure my face was still aflame. «The act of fellating.» Holmes merely nodded at this. He was closer; he was leaning his head on the fist of his hand, which arm was draped along the back of the sofa. His eyes bored into mine.
«You’ve been staring at me for the past quarter of an hour, doctor. Something on your mind? Usually you attempt to be subtler than this.»
"No, I don't, frankly." Holmes looked at him, sharply, and Watson stared at his eyes intently for those precious few seconds he got before he turned away and opened the cigarette case again, old cigarette still in his mouth. "And I don't think you do either. Holmes," came out in a rush as he stood up, determination fuelling his legs, and clasped his hand around the cigarette case.
Woof. I'm still not sure if I have Holmes's voice entirely down, but I'm happy with this first chapter I think. I have three planned, the next two outlined. Shouldn't exceed 5k words, ideally.
«Sorry?»
It was Holmes' turn to take a half step forward. There was a magnetism between them, charged by the terrible, horrible emotions that had lied dormant until then. "I would have to, don't you see! I could never deny you that life. That easy, danger free life. And the more I think about it- Yes, Watson." All the emotion rushed out, away, and dragged the magnetism with them, and Holmes sagged, "It is finished. We are done."
.» Suddenly I felt lips on my cheek, my forehead, his fingers like brackets on either side of my face continually stroking me, until the lips met my own. A high whine rose in the back of my throat as I clutched Holmes’ arms, his back, his neck. Too soon we were parted, but I kept a hold on the back of his head, holding our foreheads together. We were both breathing harshly, and I was half-blind, but as I opened one eye I saw Holmes rawer than I ever had before.
"We have talked. Please, Watson. This is the best-"
I paused, not entirely on purpose. I had only said this out loud to a handful of people, outside of those I wished more intimate relations with. Two of those had turned badly, though not as bad as it could have - I was still here, after all, and not marked a criminal. Holmes had an intense expression as he studied me. I’ve no doubt he had put two and two together, and had an idea of what I wished to tell him. Yet he allowed me my time, which I am grateful for. I caught his eyes with mine, and suddenly the words were no longer lodged in the back of my throat. «I am rather like the elder mr. Rowe, though not entirely. I enjoy the company of both men and women, immensely so.»
"No, Holmes. I refuse to let this- this horrible fear consume you like this without at least addressing it."
words. «After all, I should not be a prude who does not know them, should I ever have use of this language.» He avoided my eyes as he spoke, busying himself with something at the mantle.
I had lost Holmes. I looked around me frantically, my breath coming out short and fast as I ran.
"Where is yours?"
«Indeed, few do, Watson. You do, however, possess the unique gift of earnestly attempting to follow along my thoughts.» He tilted his head, and amended, «Most of the time.»
We spent the day going over what glossary I remembered — some of it was surely outdated, or words we would never hear in the bowels of London (I had learned from a sailor, after all; these things tended to evolve when separated), but Holmes showed great interest nonetheless. I begged him to not write any of it down, which he agreed to easily. «I have an excellent memory, Watson, you’re well aware,» he sniffed.
… Two were missing. Five had been chasing us, now three were after me, two had gone another way, and
works, and rarely rests. «How did the Rowe case confirm it? I hardly spoke with them more than you.»
"You need not be here, Watson, I do know how to feed myself."
, let Watson know. In the beginning it had hurt - feelings and gestures are always so much more, in new relationships, so much bigger - but Watson had learnt, as Holmes had learnt Watson's virtues and vices anew, seen them in a new light from when they first moved in together. Watson put down the case in his hand, while grasping Holmes' with his other.
I stroked my moustache. A nervous gesture I was sure Holmes was aware of. «
"I was. Well, very angry, frankly, that you could think such a thing of me. But I thought about it - I decided to use some of your methods, as it were, although tweaked. I could never claim to live up to you." He smiled fondly, but continued before Holmes could forget to keep his silence. "I know, and fully understand, that although we are both men, I will never have the experience of manhood as you have. I realized this years ago, Holmes. You know this, we have gone through this already. It was painful and probably stretched longer than I should have allowed it, but it is done with. We came through it. So I understand your fear - not fully, of course, I will forever regret that I can never fully understand this part of you, but I
I squeezed my eyes shut. No longer could I hear anyone passing, a roaring sound in my ears too loud. In a desperate bid to stay silent I sucked in a breath of air and held it. When my lungs were burning — I had no way of telling how much time had passed, as it seemed to simultaneously go too slow and too fast — I pursed my lips and endeavoured to blow out the air slowly. The roaring in my ears abated. I opened my eyes. No one was near me; no one was passing the alleyway.
"John." It was choked, and Holmes turned his head into Watson's palm, raising his own hands to hold it in place while he kissed it, ever so gently.
«Holmes…» I moved my hands, one covering one of his on my cheek, the other down to his waist — «Holmes!»
I looked down, cleared my throat. I decided to leap into this unknown territory with Holmes, that thrice-damned hope still burning in my chest. «Indeed. Where, ah, where would you like to start?»
"Sherlock. Tell me how to save this. Tell me how to talk you through your fears, whatever they are. You have never been scared of the Labouchere Amendment before, surely it cannot be that?"
The gang chasing us was still behind me, I could hear them shouting. Without thinking I dove into a dark space that could barely be described as an alleyway. My breathing was too loud —
A smile had slowly spread on Holmes’ face as I talked, lighting up his face like the sun never could, and when I finished he clapped his hands once and leapt up. «Excellent! This will be most helpful, dear friend.»
"I love
He didn’t answer, but for a short nod. I sat back down, suddenly exhausted in body and mind. It had taken more from me than I expected, this confession. But I felt lighter, and it was a good exhaustion, like after a thrilling chase of a suspect. We both enjoyed the silence for some time, him smoking, me with my eyes closed. After some minutes I heard rustling, and saw him take out his violin. While he prepared his instrument, he talked. «Have you ever wished for a situation like the Rowes, Watson?»
Some days later, Holmes was interrogating me on the secret languages of inverts.
but I retain enough words and phrases to recognise it.»
"Are you... Do you want to. To finish, ah, this?" He gestured vaguely between them. Holmes sat up from his reclining position on the couch, did a strange half hover between sitting and standing, before some energy propelled him up. To anyone else he would seem calculated and assured in his moves, if energetic. Watson, who knew him well, intimately well, saw his movement for what it was: nervous, fidgety, and agitated.
"Besides," he teased, "do you know how bored you would be as a doctor's wife? I cannot begin to imagine. The torment from your sulking alone would drive us both mad."
At this he sat up, ears perked. I hid my smile in the cup, pleased whenever I managed to excite Holmes. «A sailor I knew many years ago once tried to teach me Polari. Do you know it?»
(See the end of the chapter for
Dragging his hand down his face, he sat for a minute longer before sighing and getting up. Holmes had not been eating well, for reasons suddenly clear to Watson, and he could use the time to think through Holmes exclamations. A good excuse to enter his room would not hurt, besides.
"Holmes."
- but he could not get up, not yet.
Watson was leaning back in the chair - it was not as comfortable as the arm chairs in the sitting room, purely there for keeping as much as possible off the floor, but he felt more assured now than he had in weeks.
women? There was a word… I had laughed it off when Gethin had told me it, but it had stuck. «I do not know if there is a word for that, but there is
There came a teary and distinctly un-Holmes chortle from within their hands at Holmes' face.
Holmes rooted around the mantel, although they both knew he knew exactly where his cigarette case was. He found it, took one out and placed it between his lips. Found a matchstick, lit the cigarette, inhaled - and finally looked at Watson while he blew out the smoke and leaned against the mantel. Watson ached - with nerves, anticipation,
. The self my parents knew. I don't understand-" Holmes was suddenly, jerkingly, in motion, turned away from Watson's stroking, caressing hands. Watson made no attempt to keep him where he was, to grasp his hand tighter. He would never keep Holmes where he would not be, even as he desperately wanted to, wanted to feel his skin for what he feared in the darkest corner of his mind, would be the last time. He followed Holmes' movement with his eyes as the detective stomped towards the door. He would miss (
After some time he asked if I knew some more…
So now, here I was, contemplating the man I had come to consider my friend, wondering if I ought to tell him of myself. I am quite confident in who I am, as a person, and a man. I am attracted to women and men the same, and had enjoyed relations with both. I had no internal conflict in this, had rid myself of that years ago. But I was not naïve - I knew how the world saw me, the law. As Holmes and I had grown closer, I had long wanted to tell him - but I had had little idea how he would react, and I had been loathe to lose his friendship now. After this case, however…
) seeing Holmes in oil-free hair and his robe slung over his shoulders.
. I needed to find Holmes.
Holmes was sat unnaturally still as I tended him. As usual he kept his shirt on, only holding the hem high enough for me to work. He avoided my eyes throughout, barely acknowledging me as I declared myself done. «Holmes, about what happened,» I started, as I washed my hands in the basin.
let me know what you think!
Yet… yet, yet, yet. As I have said, most of us inverts have a knack for recognising each other. There’s a hidden language, of sorts, a code of looks, way of holding ourselves, certain articles of clothing worn in a certain way. With Holmes I had never observed any of these signs. He was adept at hiding himself, it was true, both physically and emotionally, but I could not help but think we would have seen each other had he shown the signs. That was before my confession, however. He did not show any of the traditional signs, of someone consciously signalling a potential like-mind, but there was something in his changed behaviour my mind insisted on attributing to… flirting, to put it plainly.
The case had been an odd one, and rather eye-opening for me. Two siblings, living together, with their respectable spouses. They came from a rich merchant family, and their parents had been worried their spouses were taking advantage, and being unfaithful with each other. It soon became clear to both Holmes and me that while they were certainly breaking their wedding vows, it was less insidious than the parents thought. Or, in my eyes it was - I was fully aware some would say it was more insidious.
I cleared my throat.
He turned around, trudged upstairs, infinitely slowly, but even with all the time Holmes' dejectedness gave him, Watson did not speak up before the door to their - to Holmes' - bedroom closed.
Neither of our wounds were so bad as that. Head wounds tend to bleed profusely, but once I had cleaned myself up the wound itself was rather small, no stitches needed. Holmes had had worse even in the time I had known him, and after bandaging the wound I felt confident it would heal nicely on its own.
The door opened, effectively interrupting what Holmes was about to say. I shot up from my place as Mrs. Hudson bustled in. «Your dinner, gentlemen.» Any look of apprehension on Holmes’ face was gone, as he stood up and thanked Mrs. Hudson with a smile. Though he did not look at me as he took his place by the table, I was too relieved to see that he would eat with me to be slighted by this.
are eyes;
- but please, Holmes," and now he leaned forward, he could not keep his body back, it longed for Holmes, "please never again believe that I would make you suffer to make this easier for me."
"That was a highly unreasonable jump you asked me to do, only to catch the wrong criminal." Watson was reluctant to break their touching, but he had to in order to get up from his kneeling with minimal protesting from his limbs - only to have his hand grabbed as soon as it was free. He looked down, and his breath nearly caught in his chest. Holmes lifted the hand to him, and reverently kissed his knuckles, while looking up at Watson through disheveled bangs.
“Me either. And not just because you were dead. I didn’t think you felt… this.”
Sherlock swung his hips rather more than necessary, practically camp, as he sashayed up the stairs.
He met John’s eyes, then slowly, so slowly, he pushed in beside John’s digits.
He didn’t hear anything, but a hand brushed his shoulder, making him jump.
Sherlock was in the midst of introducing himself and John when he uttered, “This is John Watson, my boyfriend by default.” He wasn’t sure quite why he’d said it like that or to this particular person. It slipped out. He
He tugged on Sherlock’s pyjama bottoms. The waistband caught on Sherlock’s stiff cock and John reached around, giving him a few firm strokes before stripping him naked. “I think he likes this, my boys. Perhaps this isn’t punishment enough.”
Well, that could certainly be a cure for their boredom. It had been awhile and with all that had been going on neither had been much in the mood. John sat down on the bed.
Sherlock moaned and took the toy deep into his throat.
To my shame, Watson, thinking I was simply being recalcitrant in letting him help me, wrestled me from my nightclothes to complete an examination. The movement did nothing to alleviate my current condition, in fact, it inflamed me to far worse, perfectly undeniable state.
Sherlock pondered the evidence. John had tried to stop this, but that was just his sense of rightness, of consent. Sherlock had gone out of his way to make it clear that this was no ridiculous, heat-driven frenzy. Surely John understood.
“Christ, John.” Sherlock breathed, more a blessing than a curse.
Sherlock made a sort of humph sound from beneath the mountain of pillows, sheets, blankets and duvet in which he was cocooned. “Don’t want to get out of bed. Join me instead?”
John had averted his gaze and picked up the book he’d been reading yesterday morning, before the case that sent them running pell mell all over London in the pouring rain. He feared Sherlock would actually strip altogether, which wouldn’t make this any easier. But it was in fact worse than that. Sherlock began actually talking to John.
John smiled.
Sherlock tried to laugh it off. “Honestly I say all kinds of things to criminals. What does it matter?”
thinking clearly. If Dimmock or Donovan walked through that door right now, you’d be asking them the same thing.”
He stripped out of everything but his shirt, then grabbed the lube and returned to his captive. Sherlock lay on his side. His breathing had returned to normal. His hands looked good. “Captain Watson‘ll be back inna moment. Enough rest fer you,” he squawked in an accent which would have been ridiculous had they both not been so damn turned on. He wrestled Sherlock onto his elbows and knees. He stepped over Sherlock and straddled his waist, adding a bit of stability to the position. John knew the pressure would make him feel more (deliciously) trapped. He popped the cap and his cock throbbed at the way Sherlock struggled when ‘Smith’ drizzled lubricant between the cheeks of his arse. Those struggles intensified and he cried out as rough fingers worked him open. The pirates were never delicate.
John’s smile broadened and he licked his lips. “Yeah, I could do that.” He closed the distance between them, and looked down at Sherlock’s face. “Hello, love.”
Finally, he’d run out of things to do and went to bed sometime yesterday and had been holed up in there for half the day.
His strokes became faster as he kissed my neck, making me shiver under the delightful tickling of his whiskers. He whispered, his voice low and rumbling, sending sparks of desire through the very core of me. “I know you were there last night. I am reasonably certain I had closed my bedroom door before I retired. Nearly as certain as I was that the hallway smelled of your tobacco. I was terrified at being caught out, that I might have ruined everything, but now-” he let go and I cried out at the loss of his touch. “Now, I think you perhaps liked the show.” He gave me a wicked smile that made my face glow with warmth and I buried my face against his shoulder.  He stroked a single finger up my length, as teasing as his voice. “Did you touch yourself? Did you think of me? I hope so.”
“Please John!” Sherlock moaned and pushed his hips back, allowing the head to breach him.
“Oh my dear Watson, please. Close the door lest Mrs Hudson come in, but if you’re quite serious, stay on.”
He smiled to himself, holding Sherlock close in the tangled sheets. “I thought I’d missed my chance. I never had the courage to tell you. I love you. I think I’ve loved you since that very first night.”
The pain, pleasure, and intimacy mingled together into bliss for them both and Sherlock shuddered and cried out, spasming as his first orgasm overtook him.
“Claim me, John. Mark me,” Sherlock panted between frantic kisses, grinding down against him, neck arched, exposed, vulnerable, even on top. “Bond with me, John. We are already partners in every other way. I’m yours.”
Sherlock sat up. “With a man.”
Sherlock dribbled more slick over his own fingers and John’s, then slid the tip of his finger all around the rim of John’s stretched hole. His own cock throbbed with desire.
“You should go first. Your
“Touch me,” Sherlock growled.
But what he felt with Sherlock had been so much more than biology, more than just pheromones and chemical reactions. It was desperate. John had been pining for so long. He poured out his love in that heat in ways he could never admit out loud. It must have been more than Sherlock could handle.
. He pushed in as deep as he could, enveloped in the tight sheath of Sherlock’s body and stilled. Pleasure washed through him, whiting out his vision for a moment as his knot inflated fully, sealing them together. It seemed to go on forever as he flooded Sherlock with wave after wave of his seed. His whole body tingled with ecstasy, white hot and overwhelming.
John raised a brow at Sherlock, but did not move from the chair in which he had firmly planted himself.
John let him have his lie in, but it had nearly gone 2 in the afternoon. “Up you get, Sherlock. We’ve been cooped up for weeks. I know you’re going a bit crazy with it, but you aren’t tired. You should get out of bed, get dressed, or depression is going to completely overtake you. I usually let these moods run their course, but I don’t think we can survive it in quarantine.”
Sherlock muttered something John couldn’t quite catch. “What’s that, love?”
“Anything you’d particularly like to start with? Your dates with women always start with an outing, but in this case, can the interrogation and arrest count? I’d rather not go back out today. Usually there is also food, but if a meal is necessary we can order in. Or you could start by coming here.”
For a few minutes, the only sounds in their bedroom were John’s ragged breaths and the slick, wet sounds of him fingering himself open.
John sighed as he climbed the 17 steps and again unlocked the flat. He was tired and the weather wasn’t helping. The air felt heavy today. It was likely going to rain and that was making his shoulder ache. At least the limp wasn’t too bad today. Pathetic. Some days he swore he was turning into his old Gramps. Christ he felt old.
They laughed and held each other close.
John gasped. “I like having you watch me.” He pressed in, the tip of one finger just breaching, then withdrawing and repeating the motion. His eyes slipped closed as he sped up.
“Just... trying it out.” Sherlock said, almost wincing at how lame that sounded. “You’ve stopped dating anyone else, you know,” he added with a bit more confidence and looked up, genuinely curious as to whether John had noticed.
“I know,” John said. “I’m sorry. I don’t know how to…”
“Still better than what you deserve, my boy.” He gave three quick flicks to each cheek of his captive’s arse, then added, “And I think the rest should not be below deck, either. The crew needs to see what happens to stowaways on my ship.” He tucked the flogger away and bent to pick up the discarded sash as the stowaway sniffed back tears and moaned mournfully at the prospect of being so publicly exposed.
Sherlock blushed prettily and let his legs fall open.
John gave him a sly smile, and pulled Sherlock up to standing. He reached out, running his hand up under the lapels of Sherlock’s dressing gown and drawing his fingers slowly down the worn-thin shirt and finally to his pyjama pants. He slipped a hand inside. “If you’d like,” he whispered, then hummed appreciatively as his hand brushed against Sherlock’s growing erection. “It seems like you would.”
An almost shy, muffled, “What if you were a pirate captain?” came from Sherlock, his head half-buried in the pillows.
“A million, but they can wait.”
John opened his eyes as Sherlock broke the kiss and stared up at him with a slightly awed smile and nodded minutely.
They were locked together, their bodies forcing them to take this moment, to savor it and not rush ahead. The sound of Sherlock’s contented breathing was lulling and they curled in on one another in a hazy near doze. As his knot receded, John knew they’d need to clean up, to call in to the surgery for another short leave, to think about eating something to keep their energy up, and surely there were people who’d want to know their happy news. But not yet. The thoughts and plans were distant and Sherlock showed no signs of the remotest interest in moving quite yet. John smiled against his omega’s neck and kissed him lightly, more at peace then he could ever recall. The world could wait awhile longer. This moment was theirs alone.
He rocked into John again and again, savoring each micro-expression, every change in John’s moans.
“Yeah. Definitely what I wanted. What about you?”
John groaned and nodded. Sherlock brushed his fingers over John’s thighs, making him shiver. He grabbed a pillow, nudging John up and sliding the pillow under his arse, before picking up the lubricant. As he slicked his fingers, he watched with rapt fascination as John slid his finger deeper inside himself. After a few thrusts John added a second.
Sherlock moaned at the sight and rolled his hips to encourage John to move again.
John’s dreams were restless, not the sated post-heat sleep he’d had with one offs before. In the middle of the night John woke and couldn’t get back to sleep. He crept downstairs and wanked in the shower, squeezing his knot rhythmically like when Sherlock had shuddered out his own climax around him.You’d think after four days he’s be sated but, just the memory of being in Sherlock’s bed was overwhelming.
It took him a few tries, but he managed, fucking himself on it as John captured his mouth in a kiss, rough and claiming.
They broke apart, breathless and flushed, John had to marvel at the wonder in Sherlock’s eyes that he knew was reflected in his own.
After four days together in all possible ways, barely leaving one another’s side, Sherlock’s heat was over. He’d kicked John out of bed that last night as it wore off. John offered to stay one more night, but Sherlock insisted he wanted space, that he was always tetchy at the end of it and just needed to sprawl out and sleep it off.
John chuckled. “That was well over a year ago, love. And you said if I ever
Sherlock nearly felt high on the cocktail of endorphins, serotonin, dopamine and norepinephrine flooding his system, the situation turning out to be as far from a problem as it  could get. In fact, it looked like he might be getting what he’d always wanted.
Sherlock’s eyes shone overbright. He squeezed them shut, a single tear escaping. “You’re my home too, John. Always.”
John rose from the bed, planning a bit as he discarded his jumper and untucked his shirt. He thought he’d seen them… ah, yes. He picked up an unfolded map of the underground and there they were. He folded the map and set it aside, pushed the handle of the flogger into the side of his waistband and thrust the jewel-hilted dagger beside it into his belt, then shifted slightly, straightening his back.  He strode back to the bed and peered down at Sherlock.
By the last strike, Sherlock was quivering and crying out, but had not faltered in his count.
Sherlock swallowed audibly. “I’d just finished with this, actually.” He set aside his notebook. “You don’t need to start without me.”
“That’s right. You’re one of us now. Just hold out a little longer. I’ll let you come when I’m ready.”
John cut him off with a kiss, fierce and possessive and grateful. “Even though I never left, I never thought I’d be home again either. You’re home, Sherlock. You’re my home.”
John stared at him in disbelief. “You- what?”
Sherlock snorted loudly. “Milton is many things, not the least of them a simpleton, but he is not an open case. He was in a brawl outside a bar, likely with his supplier whom he regularly pays inadequately, apparently his usual methods for making up the difference have fallen short. He would not have these problems if he did not put a percentage of his product into himself or others vaguely interested in intercourse with him.”
“I won’t have time for your questions today, Lestrade,” Sherlock said in a quiet voice, keeping his eyes on Watson’s as he took careful care of the man’s hand. “As you can see, I have more important matters to attend to.”
From a shelf inside the wardrobe, Sherlock picked up a fancy looking mobile and slid it into his pocket. “I haven’t gotten yours yet, I thought we might go together. Breakfast? Your stomach’s been complaining since dawn.”
“You assume I don’t put it past your brother to have got you someone on-call to help manage your problem.”
Saved from that particular topic by the kettle, John busied himself in the kitchen. From the heap of glassware - it was amazing that the pile hadn’t broken or fallen onto the floor in a fit of pique - he liberated two mugs, which he washed on top of the other dishes with what looked to be an ancient (and barely used) bottle of dish soap.
Between the two of them, without pulling too much away or getting disentangled from each other, John ended up on his hands and knees, with Sherlock behind him. The length of his mate stretched out against his back had that same electric tingle, and John started to shift so he could find a handhold on Sherlock when slick, questing fingers worked their way up the inside of his thigh. John hadn’t even heard the bottle open.
“You were gone,” Sherlock said, just a touch out of breath.
“Yes, I am,” John retorted, “good on you for noticing.”
Sherlock would be here somewhere.
“Sherlock-” another of those annoying pauses, more paper shuffling, and then, “Sherlock Holmes?”
Mycroft seemed to be watching John closely, and that wasn't exactly a comfortable sensation.
Sherlock turned and started off again, and it didn’t even occur to John not to follow.
“There is no ‘but’, John.”
“They get a bit more lively when they’re worried,” Gerard said in a lower voice.
“My sister,” John admitted, hating how dreary the word sounded as it came out of his mouth. He scrubbed a hand across his face. “Who needed a place to sleep it off. Who I can’t- No, who I
"My circumstances are a bit different now, sir," he replied.
For a moment Sherlock gave no argument. He pressed his face against John’s neck and rutted them together insistently. When he did things like that John was sure, even in his lust-gone mind, that it was the wolf in his mate that had him trapped and panting.
“I have cleared a space on your kitchen table,” Mycroft said, departing the bathroom. He straightened his clothing as he headed into the kitchen. There was no reason for both of them to look like vagrants.
This also means that the projected number of chapters is now 9-ish.
Anne chuckled in response.
“It’s fine,” John replied, though he didn’t shrug off Sherlock’s hand.
Sherlock stared at John as he had yesterday afternoon, with an awed slackness to his expression and a glint in his eye. The corners of his lips quirked upwards and he moistened his lips with his tongue before lowering his eyes to his plate. John watched as his mate patted Connie’s hand on his sleeve consolingly, and Sherlock’s eyes returned to him as he bent to whisper something into the girl’s ear.
“Your other option is that we bin the couch and
as they were the sensation of it was overwhelming.
"You smell like the floor of a bar," Sherlock groused at him with a pointed sniff. "I'm surprised your sister made it here in-"
“Then you should learn to ask a proper question,” Sherlock said, picking up his fork and spearing another sausage. “Because John has answered what you asked. Quite succinctly, I might add.”
John had lost track of time in Germany. It was “waxing gibbous” the evening they had that row. When John stared at Sherlock for the term, Sherlock rolled his eyes and said simply, “Four days.”
‘This’ was a blow job that would have put John on his knees if Sherlock hadn’t wrapped arms around his waist and held him up.
Sherlock stripped out of his coat, still full of energy that John found he couldn’t match. His eyes drifted again in the direction of the laboratory, and he fell silent.
It took John a moment to understand that Sherlock meant four days until the full moon.
“I hardly expected
Later that morning they changed bandages and showered. John took his time with his shower, pleased at the hot water and more pleased at being clean than he could remember being since the end of his first tour when he thought he’d never get all the sand out of the nooks and crannies of his body. He hadn’t minded, given how he’d gotten so well acquainted with the sand, but it was a glorious thing, being rid of it. That glorious thing paled in comparison to the feeling of this. Steaming water, expensive soap, and just the hint of soreness left from the night before… sunlight and safety. John refused to look too closely at the gift horse’s mouth on this one.
“Ta,” John sighed into Sherlock’s neck in reply.
Sorry this took so long to post, but I did warn you all. ^_^;;
"And for this he decided to- to what? Rile me up? Because pissing me off is a good way to figure out if I'm going to... to what? To hurt you?"
John lifted a brow at that.
But first there was Harry, that dark thought reminded him.
“Sherlock,” he said.
Who else, of course, could understand the pains of separation?
As the plane neared its destination, John was given a pair of his own tattered fatigues to change into. He tried not to think about how Mycroft had gotten hold of those. Mycroft informed him that he would be shuffled into another group of returning soldiers that had been in military facilities.
Sherlock tilted his head slightly at that, regarding John intently. “Learned it from your… mother?”
Sherlock pressed his hands to his thighs, fingers digging into the fabric of the slacks he had been provided.
"You smell like- What hurts, John?" Sherlock asked in a low, urgent rumble. "Where else did they hurt you?"
“When you say hot-?” Sherlock asked, voice coming closer.
Mycroft and his mate - whose name was Anthea, John reminded himself for the tenth time - returned to the house in Wiltshire the day after they’d sauntered out of the study, and John was to go with them. Though they had a month relatively to themselves, Sherlock was tetchy the entirety of the short visit, and threw himself into what appeared to be an actual sulk when John got ready to leave. Sherlock was so annoyed that John wasn't even afforded a kiss goodbye before he was bundled into the back of an expensive, nondescript car.
family again, and John often felt the same when going to visit his own, despite their lesser numbers.
It had not taken much in the way of deductive power for Sherlock to see that his ranting words had affected John. Likely, he had not understood what affect it had been, but he had seen it. He had not, then, finished his sentence. John had not dignified it with a response, and had paused only long enough to kiss Sherlock’s stunned cheek before heading to bed.
“Of course I did,” John replied.
“Most men ambushed in an alley by two blokes with a pipe come out strapped to a stretcher… if they don’t go out in a body bag.”
There is a British military institution in Germany, but I have never been there. I've also never had to be repatriated in any form or fashion, much less a military one. At this point in the story I am writing without the benefit (or hindrance) of research into military protocol on these sorts of situations.
“Kicked out of the army then, were you? Obviously not your cup of tea, Wats-”
“Nonsense,” Sherlock huffed. “I am doing no such thing.”
The end of that sentence could go about fifty ways, all of them were desperate and bad. John couldn’t deny the impulse to interrupt.
I tried to get this up before November started, and wanted to have all 4 chapters posted, but that isn't what happened. Unfortunately. There is one more chapter in this story, and this story is not the end of this series, but I won't make any promises that there will be any more chapters before December sometime. Daily wordcount requirements for Nano are 1667 per day, and I am aiming to win again this year.
--the story appears to finish with a chapter 10. This chapter, again, snuck up on me out of the blue. (Reminds me of one of the character's comments about Sherlock:
"What was that?" John asked Sherlock once his lips were free of the kiss.
“Probably to cause issues with field testing,” Sherlock said. John could picture the hand wave that followed it.
That night sitting up when Sherlock had told him about London, his words had painted a picture of London as Sherlock saw it. A living, breathing entity that had it’s own likes and dislikes, that pulsed with people and a vitality that went beyond it.
“Filled out is the polite term,” John replied.
And Sherlock still hadn’t managed to ‘solve’ the bit about the dead drug dealer.
,” Sherlock snapped. “What purpose do these questions of yours
“Watson? John Watson?” John heard from behind him as he headed down one of the paths in Regent’s Park.
“Lord, tell me you don’t still have that mint?”
the man scowling.
“Milton Devons.”
Sherlock had knocked someone in the head with it.
The room was very silent, and John supposed it ought to be intimidating, on some level, but all he felt was annoyed. The scientists had tried to use them being mated to extract information from Sherlock, John had assumed the wolves would just accept it, but obviously he'd been wrong there.
Something about this felt wrong, but there wasn’t really anything he had that he could hold the good doctor on. He turned back to where Doctor Watson sat waiting beside Sherlock. Something on his face must have given him away, because Sherlock drew Watson to his feet and announced, loudly, “Come along, John, the Sergeant is finished bothering you for the day.”
It was... almost clinical, John thought in confusion. Then Sherlock shifted forward, sniffing him, and the confusion intensified in John. "Sher-"
He closed the door firmly and made his way out to the street.
. Didn't want to clutter the fic notes too much with things that could be a sidebar to some folks.
Sherlock shifted uncomfortably, and this close, John thought he could put a hand up and touch the conflicting emotions radiating off his mate. “You’re going to make me nauseous,” John warned softly.
There were two that John could see - one that was mostly intact in the kitchen on the side of the hanging cupboards, and another on the bottom shelf of one of the bookcases that looked to have been taken to pieces for some reason - but neither of them worked.
What rushed through John’s system - entirely his own feelings, not nearly vibrant enough to be Sherlock’s - was adrenaline.
“What?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Is this about the drugs or the meeting?”
John did his best not to bristle as he headed into the kitchen to retrieve was needed. Behind him he could hear Sherlock’s voice, low and dangerous as he delivered a few choice words to Milton, words that started out with, “Whatever possessed you to—” John didn’t bother listening for the rest. Instead he chose to tackle the task of locating the first aide kit that Sherlock had said was in the cabinet somewhere.
“A better one that I
“Whoever the hell this is,” the woman said, voice going steely, “you put Harry Watson on the phone this instant or I’m calling the police.”
“Don’t bother,” Sherlock huffed from the bedroom as John rose to answer it.
“It would be enough for me,” Sherlock retorted with a snort.
Exhaustion was not to be put off for desire that night, though. John could barely stifle the yawn that overtook him. A quick little smile fixed itself on Sherlock’s lips, and he moved up to turn down the bed. John rose, just enough energy left within himself to shuffle stiffly to the head of the bed and between the covers before blackness swallowed his vision. His last sensation was of being moved, pulled to something warm and wonderful, and then sleep claimed him thoroughly.
“Go without me,” John replied. He didn’t fancy being confronted by the smell of that shop again. He didn’t know what smelling that again would do to him. “I’m going to finish this. Same shop? It won’t even take you an hour with those legs of yours, if you’re not waiting on me.”
“Not that I’m surprised at anyone staring at you,” John said, filling the teacups he had set out on the counter, “but is he even-?”
When they were done there was less light to make Sherlock’s skin so blinding, and John’s stomach was the grumpy one. He got up, went to the bathroom, and then headed out to the kitchen.
Eventually they stopped asking entirely.
"I don't think you're really in a position to criticize me on that," Sherlock replied.
It was obvious once the others arrived how fond Temperance actually was of Sherlock. John could care a fig for Charles, but when the newcomers arrived and the seating was rearranged, Temperance sat closest to Sherlock.
John’s dirty pants and jacket weren’t an issue for the floor as they were discarded. Sherlock’s clothing went the same way. None of that mattered, the floor couldn’t tell the difference between dirty and clean. Then they were both bare and the sheets took them in.
“It’s their own fault for attempting to assault
“What’s that?” John asked, when Sherlock did not immediately pounce on the topic.
that, Mycroft regretted it.
John turned in his seat and bent closer, pressing his cheek into Sherlock’s stomach.
“You’re scared.” The words pushed their way out of John’s mouth before he was even aware he was speaking, and once he’d said it he wished he hadn’t.
The kitchen was more of a wreck than the rest of the flat. Obviously Sherlock lived on takeout and… thin air, if the state of the sink and cabinets were to be believed. John took one look at the jumble of things surrounding the electric kettle and decided he’d go for the old fashioned route instead. The dented copper kettle was on its side at the top of the mass of things in the sink. Wary of the mess, John checked it, but it was free of any of the decayed or petrified remains that dirtied the other dishes in the sink. The worst of the mess in the kettle was the ring where the water had left its mark.
John was starting to think that every meeting with a werewolf from Sherlock's pack was going to involve being sized up like a piece of meat. He held a hand out to her, "John Watson," he said by way of introduction.
“Give me the phone, Sherlock.”
It took a fumbling moment to figure out how to shut off the call, and before he could manage it he heard Clara’s soft voice say, “Be careful, John.”
That statement turned John's wonder to amusement, and John chuckled. Sherlock joined him, stroking his side and kissing his neck gently. Once the chuckling had subsided, John figured he'd be better off starting the conversation than letting Sherlock do it. "So you've got questions," he prompted.
The sergeant stared at the pair of them. John steadied the teacup on his knee as his hand started to tremble. Sherlock’s thumb brushed against the back of John’s injured shoulder, brushing bruising and scarring alike, and John felt the tension in him relax just a shade.
“Contacted Lestrade again,” he replied. “He was rather helpful the first time.”
“Didn’t sound like-” the sergeant said as he stepped into the doorway, and then whistled, “yeah that didn’t sound like just your hand.”
As Eddie Izzard says, we are two countries separated by a common language.
After dinner drinks in the library.
“You asked for a head’s up when it was that posh fellow what you busted on the cocaine two years ago,” Dotty said.
“I’m a
Minor irritation of Lestrade pushed aside, and Sherlock had been able to bundle John onto the couch to recover, and then once he stopped shaking, Sherlock took John away into bed for rest. John latched onto Sherlock as though
"My brother is not well schooled in the habits of mated pairs, or the sensation of being mated. So I am fully aware that Sherlock will have explained to you what he recalled, perhaps what he inferred or remembered, but it will not be the entire experience of it. There are lesser pitfalls than our jealous, possessive nature, Captain Watson. And greater ones."
“I’m sorry, what?”
“So, let’s go through the sequence of events…”
“It distresses me that there has been a police visitation.”
A disapproving voice in the back of his head, one that sounded much like his mate, chided him.
The body that slammed into him was unexpected, but John had been distracted. John went staggering in the direction he was all-but-tackled, and didn’t catch his footing until he was in another alley.
In a perverse sort of way, it was interesting.
It was day, or rather evening fifteen of being a married man, for both of them. Not everything was solved or sorted between them, of that both were certain. John knew as much without having to hear it spoken. Sherlock seemed to relax when they were out of sight from others, and little gestures like the current one were a – John did not think that reward was the proper word for them. The casual gesture was not quite affection as one would expect from a normal person, but Sherlock was hardly a normal person. John did not think he should like to be married to a normal person, after all. Rather, the gesture felt as though it reinforced something.
John did his best to keep his head from spinning as he listened. Temperance and Charles had been the first of the second generation to have a child, and beyond that John found himself confused at the logistics and chronology of it all. In the midst of his confusion, Sherlock took his hand and shifted slightly closer to him on the couch. They didn’t share a look, even John thought that would have been far too obvious, but Sherlock obviously understood what sort of a bee hive it was being put in the center of the room like this.
John came back towards the area where Sherlock was gesturing at in agitation. He thought back to what he knew of field surgery, and the considerations of what the force of a cut might do to the spray, and concluded Sherlock was correct. His assessment didn’t slow down his mate’s explanation.
“I doubt that is a story that you truly wish to hear,” Sherlock said softly.
Then they opened again, snapped wide, and that wild eye rolled back to find Mycroft’s and a harsh, accusing voice snarled, “He’s
John fell silent, leaving the last question unanswered. He didn't like to think of that night in Afghanistan, no matter who asked him about it. Facing death like that was not the sort of conversation to have with the living. His entire unit was dead, he'd nearly joined them. "Sherlock, I can't-"
Even though Mycroft
“Then for tonight, don’t worry about it.”
Then, suddenly, John felt a rush of anger tightening in him, and he couldn’t pinpoint what had caused it.
“For testing,” Sherlock said. “If I can isolate whatever has been mixed with this, then I can determine the place that Milton was actually murdered.”
“If you’re not in the army anymore,
Connie glared at her father, and Anne gave a soft sigh. “What is the matter?”
“Trust me when I say you would rather not know,” Mycroft said primly, shaking his head.
"Horatio's mate," Sherlock replied.
Of course, intellectually, Sherlock had known that at some point he would have to convey to John his past, and he had known also that there were aspects of his past that John would undoubtedly find objectionable.
John shifted against Sherlock, stretching with a soft groan. Instantly Sherlock's attention was on his mate. They had been separated during their escape, and with all the layers between them it was hard to discern if John had been injured.
There was no reply.
At the start of the episode, Sherlock hadn’t the faintest idea.
John would
“You underestimate the affect-”
Several hours of unhelpful sleep later, John found he was tired of pretending that the rest was helping. His whole body ached from his neck to his ankles, and when he flexed the muscles in his back he could
“Tea?”
When Sherlock made no move to buckle his seat belt, John did it for him. Once they were both strapped in, he leaned his head against the seat and closed his eyes.
“Shower. We’re going out for breakfast.”
“You keep saying that like it’s some sort of deterrent,” John replied. “I told you I had a problem with that before we started. And I can look after myself.”
Right.
But no. There she was, under the same tree they’d sat that day, slumped against the bark and looking considerably worse for the wear.
“Abbey,” the sergeant replied, almost absently. Then he looked back up at John. “What do you mean?”
John's whole body tensed at the thought of
Sherlock huffed, not moving his grip, but didn't encourage John to continue.
Had there been any strength in John’s legs, it would have left with that low phrase whispered against his ear. Sherlock’s arms tightened around him, and John nodded. All his usual indignation at being assisted in moving fled him as Sherlock helped him maneuver into the bedroom that they now shared. John was certain the sensation of annoyance would return without the exhaustion to keep it at bay, but for those moments the displeasure was supplanted by the tender proximity of his husband.
like it was a saber. Given what he’d seen of Dr. Watson’s occasionally fluctuating moods, it could have something to do with a stress related disorder.
“I’ll head up, then,” John said, stepping over to touch Sherlock’s arm gently.
“You do have to come home at some point, you realize? This is a marriage, it’s not a flatshare.”
It turned out that John did the shopping.
It was John’s turn to chuckle.
attachments. John wasn’t entirely sure that he understood what was meant by that, but he thought it probably had something to do with young love. Another weekend in the country and John could proudly say that while
Both Horatio and Sherlock turned to the doorway behind them. John hadn't heard anything, but he knew his ears weren't the best suited in the room.
“You’re scared,” John said again.
It had made John laugh, only more so when Sherlock snorted at overhearing the conversation between the two of them.
The plane landed at a bustling military staging location somewhere in south-central Europe. The buildings were nondescript in a way that spoke of age and economy of construction rather than expense, and had likely been re-purposed so many times it would be impossible to determine what their original use had been. At least John didn’t care to give it a shot, it looked a little bit like the outside of the facility in Russia had, and that sank John’s spirits further than they already were.
“Dr. Watson?” the sergeant called back to him.
The cot was close, and John slumped onto it, turning on his side against the roiling sensation inside. At the same time his mind raced with wondering. What was Sherlock doing, just then? Where was he? Was he still in Wiltshire with his parents, or had he returned to London? Sherlock had spoken so fondly of London that it was hard to imagine him lingering in the country. Something about that didn’t fit the image that John was constructing of his mate. The house in Wiltshire just didn’t seem the sort of place that would hold Sherlock’s attention for long.
On the third floor there railing there was a smudge of blood, and then again on a very familiar door frame three down the hall from the top of the landing. It had been years since he’d last been in the building, last seen all of this, and at the time, things had been much different. It was early morning the last time, and the hall had gotten a paint job. Still, it was familiar. Before, there had been an angry bear of a woman living just downstairs, one who had a scowl that could freeze your blood in your veins. She had an over-sized cat that had a penchant for daring escapes and went into fits from time to time. Greg could almost see the fluff-ball streaking down the hallway. This was the same place, he was sure of it.
Elisabeth was absent from the table, John realized, though she had been with them at the start of the meal. John could only wonder if there was something that Rawden needed. The patriarch hadn’t been seen since the night before. The doctor within his mind began to puzzle through the aging of a werewolf. He wondered what strain it put on the body - on both the bodies. He wondered if there were any tendency towards arthiritic complaints, or tendon strain from all the shifting back and forth. He wondered-
After the incident, though, the medical staff were treating all the invalids cautiously.
“I can’t leave this half-done,” John said, gesturing to the cushion. “It might eat through the fabric.”
“What happened?” John asked.
This time, though, John didn’t have the same sense of connection to Sherlock.
"As everyone is so pleased to remind me, I've ignored the usual way of things," Sherlock sneered, "I couldn't
“I cannot stand you angry,” Sherlock groused. “It’s…
Obviously frustrated by this, Sherlock again glared up at Greg, snapping, “
John.”
"I had hoped we could dispense with the worst of the venom until we were home," Mycroft said, taking a paper from the compartment beside his seat. "I have rather just rescued you from a questionable end."
“I’ll get the kettle on, then,” he said, turning past the sergeant and heading for the kitchen.
"Sir," Sherlock said, voice a tangle of thick emotion as he said the short syllable.
Sherlock slammed the refrigerator door hard enough that the entire over-sized unit was thrust back into the wall with a heavy bang and an oddly low cracking noise as the plaster gave way to the force of the impact.
John's heartbeat stuttered at that. "How do you know that?"
It didn’t take a second request. Sherlock was long-limbed, but somehow manged to insinuate himself free of the fabric confines. In the process of it he stretched himself back out over John, and their lips found each others’ again.
“I’m sorry, what?” John asked, a cold feeling creeping into him.
“So deep in me I can’t tell where you stop and I start,” John affirmed, undoing his belt.
No, John told himself sternly. That was a dark, awful path to tread down in his thoughts and he wouldn’t be able to stop if he started and the end wasn’t something he could bring himself to even think about.
“Best to get this over with,” Sherlock announced, forcefully stilling his hands.
"The doctor cannot un-mate the two of you," Mycroft said pointedly. Then he lifted his voice, obviously meaning John to hear as he went on, "It will take time for the connection between you to become less... volatile."
In the kitchen, on the table there was a Tesco’s bag on the only clear spot to be found. There were boxes in the bag, smears of what looked like mud on it, and in places the bag itself was rent by the edges of its contents.
When he shivered, Sherlock shifted onto his side and pulled him closer, leaning in to take a deep inhale of John's scent. "I didn't chose you because you survived," he said, one hand coming up to trace the exit scar on John's shoulder. "I didn't know, John, but
“Alright, Sherlock?” he asked his mate.
Sherlock did not seem to share his confusion. He released John’s hand and stomped angrily up to his mother. “You assured me it would be fine,” he snapped at her.
"It was a plane up to Siberia, so I couldn't say exactly where we were being held," John said. "It was northwest from Bratsk, but my Russian geography is a bit outdated, so it wouldn't have been useful. I didn't tell you we were in Russia because it didn't come up. You didn't ask if I knew anything, and then I figured whatever plan you had to get out was already aware of it."
"Had to pick Connie up from school," Horatio said. "They'll be in by dinner. You can't imagine the nonsense the administration makes about our family emergencies. You'd think by now they'd sorted it, but..." Horatio gave an eloquent shrug.
“Mm.”
The weight of the feeling, or rather, the
If anything, John had been a good Samaritan.
“And John is certainly not Mycroft.”
is called keeping you out of handcuffs,” Watson retorted.
The growl dropped in pitch.
John was too interested in the meal on his plate to pay too much attention to the conversation. Despite Aldrich’s objecting entry speech, there was no mention of anything more serious than some politics that John couldn’t place because he had been out of the loop for so long. The conversation was largely forgettable.
And there we have chapter four.
doctor.
the word
As though in answer to his question, Charles shoved Horatio. It seemed good natured enough, but Anne let out a telling growl at the act. Temperance snorted and rolled her eyes at the three of them, continuing her discussion without missing a beat.
A surge of surprise and alarm exploded at the base of his skull, and John knew that Sherlock had finally noticed what was going on.
“And I am right here,” Sherlock replied. “Speak.”
Elisabeth tilted her head as she regarded him, but said nothing in response. That was good, it let John work his blood pressure back down. When he stopped seeing everything with anger-tinted glasses, he figured this was sort of normal in-law behavior, albeit with higher stakes and a shorter period for everyone to adjust. John was joining their family, of course they would have... opinions about it.
This, of course, caused me no end of confusion at first, because public school in America is absolutely nothing like where someone like Mycroft and Sherlock would have gone. There's a lot of playground fights and big yellow buses.
since before they collected Harriet from the park, but none of it had made any sense. There were brief moments in which what came from his mate was comprehensible emotion, but any clarity was quickly consumed back into a swirl of feelings that was rapid-fire and dizzying.
“Because I feel it.”
The problem
He reached over and hit the button for the main floor, and thought of what he ought to do next.
John’s hand stopped on the cushion for a moment, and then he forced himself to keep going. “How do you figure?”
There was a flicker of relief on Sherlock's face, and then he was up and out of the bed, stepping past John into the little bathroom. A moment later a towel fell across his shoulders.
“Anywhere you’d consider interesting would be more like hiding,” John replied, “and I wasn’t trying to hide from you, I just needed some air.”
Impossible you," Sherlock breathed him in again. "It could never have been anyone, it could only be you."
Everything else could sort itself out for a while.
Time could now be marked by only two things. The healing of his arms (the length of time from the late night incident with the Colonel) and the ache of time that stretched between him and Sherlock. John found himself using both, only because it was nice to have a lesser measure to think about.
Sherlock’s struggles died and he pressed his eyes shut.
“New,” John said, because even though it was nothing like what she was thinking, this was easier than the truth, because there was no way to explain
As a group they all stretched, up to their full height, and beyond it for a moment. John didn’t know where to look at first, but his eyes found their favorite resting place in Sherlock as the change took his mate.
That was what Sherlock had said. It was so woefully inadequate for the masterful way he drew sound from the instrument. Sherlock stood in the sitting room with his back to the door, facing the windows. His posture was rigid as his bow jumped furiously back and forth across the strings in quick, short strokes.
“As he’s the other person you’re questioning needlessly, yes, Sherlock Holmes.”
are going out to look for Harriet.”
He wondered what sort of carnage he had to look forward to.
In a head-on attack, the Colonel would best John. No matter John’s skill at boxing, which was rusty and now had to contend with his shoulder wound, the Colonel was taller and broader, a fact made all too obvious by the bulk of him cast in silhouette in the dim light. John would go down, bested by the reach and panicked strength of his opponent, just as the soldier who had been dropped by the left hook. Part of the Colonel’s advantage was surely the dim light, of course, but that was only part. Whatever had set the man on alert had done none of them a favor.
As the dinner concluded, the wolves left the dining room and went into a side parlor. Rawden met them as they were adjourning, and indicated that he would be staying in that evening. The others were to mind their mother.
You’ve come to interrogate John about my drug usage.”
“I was not aware this was the behavior of an angry individual.”
"It is a beautiful home," John offered.
John stilled at that. It rang of Mycroft’s earlier words about
And wasn’t that just? John withheld his snicker at having been color-matched to his mate.
Sherlock lifted a hand, and another cab pulled over. John let himself be tucked into the cab without protest because Sherlock kept a grip on him and followed swiftly after. "Nine-teen Montague street," he instructed the driver. Then he pulled John close, tucking him against a warm side.
Right.
“I would wish it, were the situation reversed,” Mycroft said softly.
Ignoring his brother, for the moment, Mycroft leaned his umbrella in the corner and took a brief detour into the kitchen. The table space would be useful later. Only once that was arranged did he return to the sitting room.
“You know perfectly well that I have purchased nothing from Milton in more than a year,” Sherlock snapped back.
“And that spilled the cat out of the bag, did it?”
That, too, seemed wrong, but the rational part of John was very far away, waiting with his words, and all John could really feel was exhaustion.
“You’ll find John is quite adept at making tea, Lestrade,” Sherlock cut in. “If you must be tedious about the proceedings, you may as well enjoy the hospitality.”
John reached up to grip Sherlock’s arms to steady himself. His mate’s body, at least, was solid and stable. The rush of changing colors was similar to rainbow tied around a carousel stuffed into a washer set to agitate. Sherlock seemed to be rushing from feeling to feeling, and it all but made John nauseous.
The rest of the wolves headed silently out the door. Sherlock’s teeth closed on the hem of John’s jacket and a firm tug indicated as much as the rush of feeling that John was meant to follow.
“None. There were no bills, no papers. I knew there wouldn’t be, of course. I had already called to check what name the utility services were established in, and though the electricity and gas were in the name of the deceased, the cable was in another name. He kept me in handcuffs until he verified my information - a tedious waste of time, I tell you - but then released me. I put him on the track of one of the real killers. After some more leg work I was able to identify the male as well. Felicia Oswald and Oscar Terrington were both captured. It turned out that they had been partners for some many years, and prior to burglary their racket had been more general confidence schemes.”
“Do you
to argue through the pointlessness of your anger, I fail to see the problem.”
“Should I note the day?” John asked, managing a little chuckle.
The clerk had reddish brown hair and a gray shirt which was, at least not white. She leaned closer, brows lifting, and John stared at her for a moment, taking in all the colors of brown that made up her eyes. She tipped her head, and John managed to blink and see her face instead of just her eyes. Her expression began to shift into a doubtful one, and she leaned back slowly.
Despite the strength of the memory, the phantom pain that managed to overcome his reason, and everything telling him otherwise, John relaxed into Sherlock's grip. Just the sensation of Sherlock close, the nose against his temple, relaxed John.
Sherlock nuzzled his neck, nodding.
At least, until Sherlock’s cell phone rang.
When Sherlock had talked about it, the process had seemed quick and simple. It almost had seemed as though John would get off a plane somewhere and be ushered back onto another one to come back to England.
"As refreshing as your possessiveness of your mate is," Mycroft said, lifting his eyes to regard Sherlock, "it's unnecessary."
“It was an age,” Stamford replied. “I’m not surprised you didn’t recognize me.” He patted the roundest part of himself. “I’ve packed on a few since then.”
Released fully, Sherlock’s knees went down and he crumpled to the floor at the base of the sink. His split lip and sodden curls were making a mess of the dressing gown with water and a trickle of blood. Mycroft could detect the symptoms of the sobering that their particular metabolism - well fueled by the the shock of the water and the adrenaline of the scuffle - were inflicting on his brother. He looked miserable.
The entire speech struck John as particularly condescending. As though in response to something John said, Mycroft rose to his full height. John mirrored the movement. Mycroft opened his mouth--
John was left staring, for a moment, before Sherlock made an impatient noise from the hallway. John hurried to catch up. He caught up to Sherlock down the hall, at the top of the staircase. Sherlock lingered there, looking a bit apprehensive. His hands fidgeted with his jacket, straightening it as he looked down to the first floor of the place. He was so focused that he didn’t seem to notice when John caught up to him.
“John,” Sherlock said, wary but still interested. John could feel the draw he had for Sherlock, and the will that kept Sherlock from lunging. “Popular opinion is that solving relationship problems through the repetitive application of sex is-”
Sherlock frowned at the trapped feeling that came with that memory. It had been a desperate urge to escape, one that he’d felt with all the keen senses of the wolf within him.
which was that a troll spat on it when I was still posting it, and my entire path forward evaporated. (Thanks to all of you lovely reviewers who ask questions and have intelligent comments instead of throwing matches at things.)
“I find your manners refreshing, John,” Mycroft said. He stepped into the kitchen door.
“I don’t care about the state of the sitting room,” John assured him, squeezing his waist and pressing his cheek against Sherlock’s spine.
It was hard to remember that John could read what he was feeling. Both helpful and detrimental, that.
John glanced at the clock on the wall and Harry turned to look.
John wasn’t really aware at the start of the trip. Exhaustion had brought with it a heaviness that he was unaccustomed to, and he had named the different pains he felt until he no longer cared enough about what he was calling the pain -
“A sample?”
“No,” Greg said. For a moment, the room around them went away and he was back in that damp alley. Milton was strung up by his wrists, dripping blood from - Greg shook his head to clear it, and affirmed, “That wasn’t you, Dr. Watson.”
Sherlock was glaring at him from next to the fireplace. They hadn’t anywhere else to sit other than the couch, and none of them seemed to want to sit on the blood stained cushions.
Whatever was wrong didn't show up on the tests, though, not beyond a slightly low blood pressure. John was physically healthy, if a bit undernourished. There was a lot of quieter murmuring about the twitchy arm and lack of appetite. John didn't need to hear it to know that the doctors thought he had PTSD.
The buzzer rang, and John stared in the direction of it in confusion.
“I thought you hated when people repeat things,” John replied.
“When you put it that way, it sounds like you are,” Greg said with a groan.
“Sherlock,” Watson said again.
Whatever else there was to say, the elder Holmes ignored. He took Sherlock by the shoulders, pulled him close, and closed his eyes as he bumped his cheek against his son's. Sherlock let out a barely audible sigh, and sank into his father's grip. They stood like that for a long moment before the elder Holmes pushed his son to arms' length and shook him thoroughly. "Never again, Sherlock."
anywhere, John tucked his hands into his pockets and waited. The loitering lingered, dragging on in silence while Sherlock seemed almost entirely absent from where they were standing on the sidewalk.
John dismissed it with all the higher-level thought of post-coital bliss.
It was John’s first glimpse of his mate as he would look if left to his own devices, and though it was nothing in comparison to the way that Sherlock looks sans clothing, the fully dressed appearance of his mate was a sight to behold. Sherlock still needed a haircut - John didn’t mind the length of his hair, but Sherlock fussed longer than reason with it in the bathroom and came out with it pushed behind his ears and escaping to twist across his forehead - but in a well-fitted suit and shirt, both in colors that were a bit more considered than the quick acquisitions they had been given before the stop in Dresden…
Then there was that other thing.
John’s mood tipped in favor of explosion, agitation a sort of ticking clock. He kept a tight grip on his temper. It wouldn’t do any good for both of them to mouth off at the policeman. Whoever this sergeant was, he hadn’t started off with just throwing them into the car and dragging them down to the station. That had to be worth something, at least keeping calm enough to prove their alibis. “We were out of town until a few hours ago,” he said. “I’ve got our ticket stubs if you’d like.”
, Sherlock!” Greg snapped. “Anyone can be uncertain after a thing like that happens.”
“I suppose it was her folksy way of saying some humans have an affinity for we wolves,” Anne replied. “I didn’t believe her for a long time. Gerard does for Marianne, of course, but it doesn’t seem anything like-” She gestured politely between John and Sherlock again.
"Best ears among us," Horatio said, nudging John in the arm with his elbow.
Oh my goodness I wasn't sure I was going to survive NaNo this year. @_@ One more day and 5,994 words to go to reach 75,000 (which was my final word count lat year).
The words came out sharply, even through the door. Greg winced. Detective Spoon wasn’t the sort that it was good to raise your voice at, even if you had a point.
He felt Sherlock draw up in front of him. The man was like a force of nature, sometimes. He carried a different air pressure with him when he came and went.
intensified. John did not question the feeling, and he did not care which of them had felt it first.
The comfort of the room, of the warm, firm man against him and the sunlight coaxing his eyes closed was stronger than that little doubt. All John managed was to mouth his answer against Sherlock’s skin, “With you.”
“Don’t be tedious,” Sherlock replied.
The moment passed, and both wolves calmed themselves in their separate fashions.
Sherlock huffed softly, stroked John’s hair, and kissed his head. “It doesn’t matter to me,” he said softly, “you will be there.”
“Psychosomatic, if you prefer the popular psychology phrasing,” Sherlock said.
for all that they were mostly silent. Then there was Horatio and Anne, who came with their daughter Constance. Connie, John was corrected by the girl in question, who stared at John and refused to speak a single word more from lunch through dinner.
Sherlock rolled his shoulders, moving first to put away the violin and the bow. He tucked them reverently into a well-oiled old case, and that was placed on a shelf that had no books on it. Only then did Sherlock scoop up his mug, sipping the tea. “How would you put it, then?”
“You… picked this out?”
“Well, he doesn’t look particularly fit to me,” she said defensively, waving Greg away. “It’ll all be in the report, Sergeant.”
Unable to watch her pain without offering something, because he was and always would be Harry’s brother, and brothers simply did not do that sort of thing in John Watson’s book, he reached out and liberated one of her hands from her cup to take in his own. And it wasn’t fair, of course. The look Harry gave him when her eyes came up to look at his said that she knew just how unfair it was of her. She squeezed his hand and shook her head.
Looking down at his husband, John was confused a moment.
When the doors opened, Mycroft led the way just behind the orderly. The woman from the pickup was at his side. John didn't know how she had come and gone or where she had been when they were on the plane, but she obviously wasn't a threat. Mycroft was far too relaxed for that. John might not know who she was, but at least he knew that Sherlock's brother was concerned for Sherlock's safety and well-being. Mycroft wouldn't bring a threat along, John was sure of it.
Even that rather astonishing orgasm was not enough to force John’s dreams into peacefulness.
Mycroft seized on that instantly, and I have revealed more to him than I intended.”
“Bullshit, Sherlock,” John interrupted. “You were fine just now until you thought about it. I know. It’s impossible for me not to. You broadcast your emotions so loud it’s like standing in the sun.”
“It is a conundrum. I do not make habit of retaining painful memories, and yet I cannot delete a moment of it,” Sherlock interrupted his thoughts.
Neither of them spoke until the cab delivered them, neither allowed space between their bodies. Sherlock wrapped long fingers around John’s neck, measuring his pulse, and buried his nose in the hair behind John’s ear. John dropped his head back to Sherlock’s shoulder and got a handful of the wool wrapped around his hip. The other hand, the free hand with its tremble was caught in Sherlock’s own. Those long fingers smoothed John’s hand out straight and stilled it.
He turned them towards Regent’s Park.
Mycroft stood silently by the door, his eyes on the orderly as the woman draped the scrubs on the foot of the bed. She seemed a bit nervous, and John had to wonder if it was the two very naked men in the room or if it was Mycroft watching her. His money was on Mycroft.
There was a noise behind them, and John didn’t have to look back to know that Sherlock had sauntered into the room. He could feel the radiating anticipation of his mate as he drew near. John didn’t know what Sherlock was so excited about, but he felt an answering rush of relief in himself just from the renewed proximity. “What he has failed to mention is that he and his charming wife were supposed to go away this weekend,” Sherlock announced.
John closed his eyes, hoping for sleep but not counting on it, and let his thoughts wander as he checked himself over. Beneath the ache in his body, he still felt that sense of wrongness, as though he was adrift somehow, but there was no clenching of his stomach like when the feeling was at its worst.
Some time later, John was woken by low words. It wasn't the first time, Sherlock just didn't seem to sleep as much as he did.
Sherlock huffed and flopped himself into the armchair, long legs stretched out in front of him. “You may as well get comfortable,” he said.
John set down the cloth he was using on the couch, and stood up.
The wolf paced, ranting and raving against the implication that John had been-
“That’s ridiculous-”
“Maybe,” John conceded. “If you tell me what else you can ‘reasonably assume’ or ‘logically conclude’ about this whole mated thing.”
“I can almost
“Quite,” John agreed. He studied Mycroft for a moment. “But I suspect you already knew that.”
“I… did,” he replied.
“We match.”
“As it happened
to some of his exes, but he wasn’t abusive. He knew what that was like and he was careful to keep a handle on the aggressive part of himself when it threatened to lash out.
And this was enough to set his teeth on edge. This
It is a fiction, you know.
He choked on the sensation of
Sherlock soothed him by shifting the hand on the back of the couch to his shoulder and giving it a gentle rub. He still wasn’t broadcasting his feelings, but that touch felt just as reassuring. John’s eyes drifted shut.
What was worse, that detective’s name was a near permanent black spot in Greg’s memory. He thought he covered it well, but it would out eventually. Probably around some sort of review, at the worst moment possible. Some things were inescapable, though. Greg was starting to get used to that about his life. And Detective Spoon was just one of them.
“You said-” John started, only to cut himself off with a breathless gesture.
“The evidence that would be obvious if your forensic technicians were even remotely capable of doing their jobs.”
in front of your mother, even if it is more normal for wolves.”
Rolling his eyes, Sherlock hauled John upright. John put his feet on the floor and set about righting his clothing on his own.
“We met under… extraordinary circumstances,” John said.
Not quite a prisoner, then, but there had been books and things in Sherlock’s cage as well.
“It’s fine,” John replied, confused at Sherlock’s sudden motion.
“What for?”
“I believe that’s the sort of thing that happens when you’re breaking in some where. But that can’t be all of it?”
It was too late for the brush off, though. Greg recalled Sherlock’s strutting declaration about the crime scene from the night before. “Sherlock, have you been poking your nose in crime scenes again?”
“But John-”
When they left the hospital, Sherlock allowed himself to be guided along, trusting Mycroft not to lead them into danger and John to notice it if Mycroft somehow managed not to.
“John.”
After their shower, Sherlock dressed with an erratic sort of precision, sliding long limbs into immaculately posh clothing. John appreciated the way his mate did it, found the sight of his ready-making distracting enough that he slowed his own to watch. Sherlock embellished the act of putting on his jacket by slowing it down. John’s eyes stayed caught on him and his fingers fumbled with the buttons of his shirt.
He hadn’t realized it before, but he had grown accustomed to feeling
“No clue,” John answered honestly, still feeling overwhelmed by the relief and by Sherlock’s focused attention. “They never said.”
His life had become hospitals and
The words didn’t register properly.
Paracetamol, which was lovely; three boxes of tea, which seemed excessive; and a carton of milk that had been left sitting out too long. John poured it down the sink, just in case, and turned his face away in case of any smell. He’d do without milk for this sitting, probably do without until Harry was back on her feet or until Clara came to get her.
think of me,” Sherlock huffed, “I’m not going to relapse.”
The day’s stress had been mostly slept off, but the warmth that was being kissed back into him brought with it the euphoria from earlier.
John had spent time in Hohne Station previously, when he’d been placed in the medical regiment. It had been a while ago, but the area was still familiar. The soldiers that took charge of him from Mycroft’s man were careful to keep themselves aloof as they escorted him from the hangar to the jeep. The trees and the brush were the same green that he remembered from before. He saw the surroundings from the back of a jeep as he was taken from the airstrip to the facility buildings as they headed to the eastern side of the training station.
“You can’t possibly think I’d leave dressing you to someone else?”
from Sherlock was completely devoid of any arousal. His mate’s touch was almost clinical. There was still a great intensity, a focus like John had never come across before, but all Sherlock did was… inspect him.
All he could think was that something had happened to John. Inside him the wolf raged at the very notion of it, but that was the only conclusion that Sherlock could come to. He had been irritable, he had been annoyed and despondent, had felt
"None of this would have happened at all if you would just be more reasonable, Sherlock."
The bed beneath John jostled slightly as Sherlock slapped a cell phone from the table by the bed, scattering papers as well.
you are here,” Sherlock said, ignoring the robe that had ended up half draped over his shoulder.
. He only had to interpret John's experience of the captivity from his behavior.
“You’re angry.”
Have to work on that impulse, then.
to leave Dr. Watson to wait alone for Sherlock, and he
The surprise at the though of Sherlock going to his siblings for help was… well. It was something.
Warm lips traveled from his ear to his shoulder.
“Cocaine,” Sherlock said, finally looking up at John. “To which I have no biochemical addiction that you need fear. I never shared needles, so if you can allay that worry before it grows root in your fertile imagination, we will save ourselves another needless argument.”
“I thought you did office work.”
“Sherlock?” John asked, voice gentler than it had been before. He was curious, again, and that was… that was nice.
to be so squeamish,” Sherlock replied, brushing their noses together. “I have the greater olfactory concern in this instance.”
The usual attraction Sherlock felt for him was, surprisingly, undiminished by the smell, and the closer Sherlock got the less it mattered. There were more important things than scents, just then. Sherlock stepped right up to him, so close that their bodies brushed together.
It was a dark, terrible thought, and once he thought it through, he couldn’t un-think it.
Maybe herded.
He knew enough of John that asking him again in the presence of Mycroft would be futile.
The doctor seemed surprised at the sight of it, and had more than a few questions. John didn’t even have to lie much, he truly didn’t remember the injury itself. The adrenaline of the battle, the shock of the wound, and he couldn’t really recall how he’d ended up stretched flat under the burning sun with his uniform in shreds and his blood making poor progress at turning the sea of sand to mud. The doctor took several vials of blood and made some notes about John’s vitals, his overall health - notes that John could imagine even if he couldn’t read them - and there were some more very basic questions about his personal information.
You can't change it, and if anybody could, I wouldn't
the blond man said, taking another sip of his tea.
That was mildly chastising. John was so used to being watched all the time he was with Sherlock that he hadn't even hesitated to turn to his mate like that with Mycroft sitting less than three feet from him. John had never been a particularly shy lover, but he'd never been this much of an exhibitionist before either.
“You needn’t be modest, John,” Horatio said, turning the page in his paper and spearing another forkful of eggs.
That sounded simple, but John couldn’t quite wrap his mind around deleting anything. But then there was the yawn of days he couldn’t put his own number to, and-
of his,” Sherlock said, putting both long-fingered hands on the back of the chair. He leaned forward, watching John intently.
He checked out - surprising how the machine didn’t seem to show a balance on his account, though it had been low last he’d known - and was out of the store in a quarter hour. He headed for the flat, carrying the bags in one hand so that he could fish his phone out and call Sherlock.
The surgery was a success, in as much as that the implants had been removed. There was a certain base satisfaction about that, one that Sherlock could feel in all the parts of himself. The wolf in him was pleased to be free of the tether, pleased that John had acquitted himself well in the face of Mycroft's unreasonable posturing, and was contented that John seemed as sincere about his connection to Sherlock as a human could be expected to be.
Stretching, John pulled the robe on.
There was no easy little 'exit interview' with his 'recruiter' - John would have been pleased to have a last, go-nowhere flirt with Pauline - and there was no 'tedious paperwork'. It turned out that when you disappeared from a medical facility in a cloud of smoke and explosives, stayed disappeared for a year, and turned up with a scar on your neck, the army either thought you'd gone rogue or crazy. It wasn’t unheard of for MIA soldiers to turn up, but it was in no way a common occurrence without ransom demands and/or an exchange of prisoners.
"Temperance," Sherlock replied.
At least horizontal he couldn’t fall down. John closed his eyes and let the disorientation take him. He fell asleep amid the swirling confusion, and could not tell how long he was out when he woke again.
and wished Sherlock wouldn’t take his bloody sweet time on a simple shopping trip. “I’d invite you up for tea, but given the circumstances-”
“Someone was here, weren’t they?” John asked.
"Nothing bad," John promised. He guided Sherlock's arm around him, belatedly working the armwrest up from between them, and sagged into the grip as Sherlock pressed into him. The lips against his neck were warm and welcome.
Of course from the outside, with what the cop had seen, it might look differently, but John knew that it wasn’t like that. Sherlock knew the same. If the cop-
A car was waiting for them at the station. The trip from the station to the hosue was just about what John remembered it as, though Sherlock seemed to grow more tense as the drive went on. When they arrived at the manor, Elisabeth was waiting for them, wearing a concerned expression. It was a look that John didn’t understand.
John turned and headed back over to the couch, hovering for a moment as he checked Milton’s pulse before heading back into the kitchen.
With an exaggerated roll of his exquisite eyes, Sherlock fixed his attention on John again. Sherlock’s eyes traveled up and down, taking in the whole length of him in a way that made John wonder if he was even paying attention to what he’d been asked. It went on for long enough that John was about to protest when Sherlock spoke.
“Your shoulder is troubling you,” Sherlock said simply, and led the way back to the house.
Sherlock repeated, rolling his hips against John’s. It was almost too much friction, but the source was worth it. “Turn over.”
“Tea, Sergeant?” Watson asked again.
“Coffee? Station tea is… you don’t want it, trust me.”
“I have been absent from London for more than six months,” Sherlock replied, taking the containers of food and settling them on the coffee table.
Putting the car into park, Gregory Lestrade climbed out into the night. There was an ambulance on the way, but Lestrade had beaten it there. From the CSO at the front door, it seemed he had even beaten Constable Trimble there. The CSO seemed only too happy to see someone above his rank, and Lestrade was given a succinct rundown of what had happened.
He might be suspicious.
John Watson," Horatio said, lowering his voice as though sharing some secret, "not that makes a whit of difference on which way the wind blows."
Once John was well past finished, Sherlock slid his fingers free, and John felt the firm press of Sherlock's length into him. He was loose, and wet, and Sherlock slid in easily, like he belonged seated to the hilt in John. The ride was a slow one, with hard thrusts pushing John into the mattress, and the words kept pouring out of Sherlock's lips. How good he was, how hot, how tight he felt. Did he want this? John moaned out a wanton yes in response, unable to hold back as his body struggled to regain its own erection. It was far too soon, of course, medically John knew it, but his body was determined to try, urgent to join the feeling of Sherlock slowly fucking him into the bed beneath them. John would feel this in the morning, and it was so,
to Greg. Especially as it was beginning to look like all the associates Sherlock had been questioned about had disappeared in a manner similar to Milton. If that was the case, and Sherlock knew something - and Sherlock
The last vial of his old preparation was kept tucked away secretly where neither Mycroft nor any of his other siblings or their mates might find it. It was carefully hidden, but ready for use.
“You can and you will,” Harry replied, face stern and unforgiving. John had never been able to tell if that was a look she had learned from their father or their mother. “Look, Johnny- John. I need to know-”
The scent of coffee woke John. With the tree at his back and the lap full of little girl, that was a bit strange.
Rather than rise to the bait, John headed over to where their coats were hanging. He tried not to wonder what he would find in Sherlock’s pockets.
“You’ve been, what?”
“Like I said-”
Sherlock, how did you know that?”
Sherlock frowned at the window as the PCO that had come knocking on the door gave up on John and began trying to question the semi-conscious Milton about medical attention. It was as futile an action as most of what the PCO had done since arriving, but someone might give the woman points for trying. Someone
But that empty response was years ago, before the bombs and the sniper’s bullet and the wolf attack and the sterile facility, before Sherlock.
“John is exceptional in that way,” Sherlock said, smugly.
He couldn’t help but chuckle at that.
Well, no, Milton had gotten the good doctor into this mess, and being a doctor was what had gotten Watson involved with Milton.
“Feedback loop,” Sherlock said, chuckling into his skin. The proximity and the bright beacon of Sherlock’s smugness and elation and pride and-
“They are… quaint.”
So Mycroft went about his business, and for two days did not think about his brother or the absence of his brother’s mate. He had more to do, after all, than fret about Sherlock’s well being. Following up on the leads regarding Sherlock’s disappearance, for instance, or the ongoing negotiations with the northern pack, and there was always the trouble in the Middle East to be sorted through.
Not fear.
I will admit, dear readers, that I have fudged a bit of the techno-know-how in this chapter. I was never a communications major, and so any and all references to cellular systems, wire tapping information, and data storage routines on communications is purely made up. (I wasn't particularly up on getting put on some list for the research, though I imagine there'd be little harm in it these days.)
“Thought I’d catch Himself,” Lestrade said, stepping past John into the hall.
"Sherlock!" John gasped, "I'll-"
There’s just you, John.”
Gerard offered back the smile John had given him, warm and friendly. “They’re a good lot,” he said, nodding and sipping his own glass. “But they get more physical with one another when any of them have been away for any time.”
Sherlock offered nothing but a growl before turning his full attention back to the file.
“Not in the slightest,” he replied with an inward wince. He’d have to trade off shifts with… Dimmock, probably, if he could manage it. “What’s on then?”
John sighed into the kiss, very glad to be back in the arms that he belonged in.
“It was for an experiment,” Sherlock said defensively.
Still, he was glad for Mycroft's little script rendition of what had happened, it almost sounded like-
“People are tediously slow, John,” Sherlock said.
In which we at last happen upon Sherlock's father.
The concrete floor against his face was a shock of cold after the warmth of his bunk. It jarred John quickly through the groggy aftermath of sleep. His eyes snapped open, then went wide as he strained to make out his surroundings. The room was only dimly lit, with light shining in through the high windows over the doors to keep the space from being entirely dark without the overheads on.
“You told Mycroft all of that?” John asked.
Elisabeth came closer, obviously concerned, but John barely noticed her approach. His mind latched onto an idea. It was an absurd idea. Utterly ridiculous, it was, but it was also the only one that possibly made any sense.
His silence spurned Sherlock onward. “The police must be particularly incompetent this time, though considering the ham-fisted detective who interrogated me, I’m not surprised.”
The nightmare, the fight. John had passed out after it, possibly with the aide of pain killers at some point. There had been no IV, but…
The dull ache in John’s body gave over to a dull ache in his chest, and his shoulders sagged by degrees as they headed through the streets. As they headed up Park Village E, Sherlock’s hand brushed against his. The feeling of his mate’s skin against his sent a surge of relief through him, and John sighed at the loss of it.
“Yeah. Don’t observe that yet,” John said.
“She could just talk to either of us,” Sherlock said, hands lying still on the counter as he looked up at Mycroft.
Watson said with a frown.
No matter what he thought, John could not deny his mate an answer.
“Last time I went shopping two arseholes tried to jump me,” John said. “We need a kettle, tea, food, and I need peracetmol.”
Sherlock's lips were at his neck, and words were whispered against his skin. "Yes, John, my John. That's it. So good." The endearments huffed across John's damp neck in the puffs of Sherlock's breath.
Settling down inside, John stretched his leg out at an angle, trying to ease the muscles to prevent cramping, only to find a long-fingered hand curl around his knee and press into the muscles there, wordlessly.
"Being mated to a werewolf is serious for a human, we-"
"Fine," John grunted, shoving his fatigue jacket at Sherlock.
Life things happen and my goal of the 13th for a new finished chapter may fall flat. I can already tell you (without too much complaint) that Sherlock's a bit surly about it. (It makes the story so much fun when he takes to snarling and pouting.)
“Sherlock!” the man gasped, “I bloody know you’re home, you prick! You have to help me!”
“Do you know what an obscene hour it is to be calling?” Sherlock grunted.
Sighing, John pushed up to his feet, leaving his cane against the side of the chair as he shuffled over to where his husband was – unbelievably, as it was
Mycroft wouldn’t have delivered John back to their former captors, surely. Sherlock would have known and wouldn’t have allowed it. The wolves had all taken to him, even Rawden-
“And then you-?”
“Now I has to ask myself what a posh-dressed nobody like you was up to so early this morning,” the man at John’s back gruffed out right into his ear. He was barely John’s height, but had a heavy grip. “Especially in a neighborhood like this’n.”
He tried to picture Harry in the same space as Mycroft, or-
flat, Lestrade,” Sherlock quipped with an elaborate roll of his eyes.
"I mean
Isolation like this was not the same as being given quiet. Perhaps he felt it more keenly because he was kept not only from other human beings, but kept from
thought he would have more time to devise a way to tell his mate.
“I wanted to,” Sherlock said, voice still low. He turned his head, craned his neck until his voice was very close as he went on. “I can tell where you’ve been, what you’ve done, but it’s not quite the same as seeing it for myself. With anyone else I wouldn’t care, close enough would be fine, but-”
“Is that unusual?” John asked, taking the coffee. He half expected there to be an obscene amount of sugar in it, but the cup was unsweetened with a bit of milk, just as he liked it most.
John gave up pretending that Sherlock’s string of- what had he called them? Deductions? - that Sherlock’s deductions weren’t a whole lot like mind reading and looked up at his mate. “How-?”
When at last they fell together on the bed, sated and sweating, John turned and pressed himself against Sherlock’s chest, tucking his face against his mate’s neck.
No matter his personal bitterness, seeing Sherlock like this did not soothe Mycroft’s own discomforts.
They had fully expected Sherlock to do something to him, and it certainly hadn’t been for Sherlock to tongue wash him and then mate with him.
Stranger than comparing a police sergeant to his in-laws (was that the right term? John still didn’t know) was that John could
however, Mycroft became concerned. Standing rules applied.
If they were going to have company, it would be best to put Harriet to bed. They could move her to the couch later, when there wasn’t an inquisitive police sergeant standing in their living room.
Once John was settled, Sherlock perched on the arm of the chair beside John, one arm across the back of it, bracing John’s shoulders.
A part of Sherlock reveled in the bewildered feeling, sharply aware that there was no choice of John’s involved in this sharing of it, it was
“To…” undoubtedly the pause was Detective Spoon shuffling through papers in an attempt to look like he had some sort of evidence. Greg hated that tactic, and the man used it ad nauseum. “… Montague Street? Number Nineteen.”
“Bloody hell, Sherlock,” Lestrade griped from beyond him. “You’d better be telling the truth about this, or I swear I will put you in traction myself.”
Apparently being a ‘veteran’ wasn’t much of an occupation, at least as far as Detective Spoon was concerned, and what it was of one came without much to recommend it.
that.”
A surge of renewed annoyance about being the designated role model of restraint had Mycroft grinding his teeth together. There was, of course, someone with more experience dealing with separation. No one ever spoke of it, of course, but Mummy was the most knowledgeable one of them about bonding and mating. Mycroft’s hardships when separated from Anthea for periods of time related to work were nothing in comparison with the separation Mummy had endured from their Father.
John was amid a small group of similarly dressed men, four others all in varying degrees of shamble. Empathy was a part of what had drawn John to doctoring, courage and duty to soldiering. The doctor’s eye in John told him things he didn’t really need to know. He couldn’t avoid the telltale signs of poorly healed wounds as they moved down the hall, or the way the air seemed to clog around them with stifled misery.
"You have no idea what a pleasure it is to meet you," Horatio said, a broad grin spreading across his cheeks that made him look far more boyish than he likely had a right to look. He released John's hand as easily as he had taken it.
His whole body felt like it had been taken apart and put back together poorly. It was an uncomfortable sort of a feeling, the kind that had come over him when he’d been feverish after being rescued and reminded him of the gray days he was absent from Sherlock in Germany. For a brief moment he felt separated from his mate again, but as soon as he thought of Sherlock he could feel his mate’s presence, buzzing as though just on the peripheral of his senses.
"We'll stop in Dresden to have the subcutaneous trackers removed," Mycroft said, disdain seeping into his tone. "You'll forgive the delay, I hope, but I'd rather be clear of the Eastern Bloc before I subject either of you to another medical procedure."
Sherlock snorted at that, kissing him again before asking, “Have we concluded fighting?”
John had been through a wolf attack in Afghanistan.
I was even anticipating anything. Writing these two is honestly sort of like gambling, and isn't that appropriate?)
The kettle whistled, and John shifted the three mugs to the side so he could get a box of tea out. He liberated three teabags, going about doctoring Sherlock’s mug with sugar before pouring the hot water into it. (With the amount Sherlock took the hot water had to dissolve it from the pour or there would be granules left at the bottom by the time he’d finished.) John’s whole body still ached, and his hand was trembling, but there was nothing to be done about any of that yet. There might not be anything to be done about it
“Don’t you have some phone calls to be making, Lestrade?” Sherlock asked.
“I’m sure that’s the trouble,” John muttered. “Not the murdering and the abuse, the lack of observation.”
“See I checked about that, the landlord hasn’t heard of you.”
“You’re not serious.”
"Sometimes I think his height was just to spite the rest of them," Elisabeth chuckled. "It's never mattered to them. His siblings are all very protective of him. They will want to know you are worthy of their little brother."
So in the meantime, here is chapter 3. I hope you enjoy it.
A groan from the bedroom added to the veracity of that statement.
Well, except for the heavy feeling that was radiating out of John about the entire mess.
The line of him was beautiful.
Mycroft favored him with an unreadable look, but did not press the explanation further.
John took the place beside him, wondering what time it was. The view through the windows was light, so it must be sometime in the morning, but that was all he could make out about it. There were no clocks in the flat, it seemed.
It didn’t take long before Sherlock’s head came up from the displays. John could feel it, just like he could feel Sherlock’s eyes lock onto him.
Despite the lack of emotion being pumped his way, John could feel Sherlock’s approach like a steady beat in the back of his head, even as he dropped down onto the pipe-wielder’s chest and knocked him out good and proper.
In the end photographs taken, and there was a rather long conversation about the train trip, the address in Wiltshire, and what had happened around Milton’s arrival. John did most of the talking, with Sherlock interjecting when he felt John had forgot something. John kept his eyes on the sergeant, doing his best to keep his temper in check as the soft interrogation played itself out. He could feel Sherlock’s concern, and it was distracting. The sergeant kept a watchful eye on him throughout, and that grated on John’s nerves. Once the questions were all asked and the notes were all taken, the sergeant told the pair of them in no certain terms that they were not to ‘jaunt back out to the country’. Then the sergeant and the PCO at the door left, and though it was half-two in the morning when the door was closed again, the door
The blow came from behind, something solid square across the shoulders that had his whole spine tingling. His fingers spasmed, and the bags dropped to the ground. It was the shock rather than the pain of it that did it, but the blow threw him forward into whoever it was - male, by the bulk of him - that had knocked him into the alley.
"I see my brother has informed you of some of the pitfalls of being joined with one of us."
Beyond her, John had stepped back into the doorway. “And I’ve mentioned, I think, that we’ll wait for whoever will be taking statements.” John’s tone was unamused. Sherlock could not specifically recall the PCO who was in their living room, but she seemed to hold a particular grudge against him.
“Yeah,” John said, shaking the fog from his head. “Sure, I mean, don’t worry about it.”
The arms holding him stiffened, loosened, but didn’t quite fall away. “I don’t have
“Vocabulary, John.”
the bruising. Also, somehow his shoulder had gone stiff. John hoped that he just slept on it wrong, but he couldn’t be sure. He climbed carefully out of bed and stripped the top sheet off, making a mental note that they were going to have to expand their inventory of sheets unless they planned on doing laundry every other day.
Of course.
Sherlock huffed in response to that and tugged free of the sheets to get up. John sat up just enough to realize he shouldn’t be sitting up and that the sun was far too bright and leaned back down, just in time to catch his cell phone in the chest when Sherlock tossed it at him.
Sherlock spat, jerking the refrigerator door open hard enough that the metal of the hinges protested against the force. Sherlock thrust his head into the cold box as though there was something better than food hidden within it, as though it hid his mate from him and the absence could be rectified by a thorough inspection.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock, but I can’t just-”
(See the end of the chapter for
Some notes about details and a little random background, if you're interested, can be found over on
“A… friend,” John said, shifting his cup.
“How do I feel about it?”
“I assume it has to do, yet again, with my drug usage. As Mycroft has indicated that it may not have been as far in the past as you thought it was, you are experiencing a renewed agitation about it.”
He supposed he shouldn’t feel quite so surprised to find Sergeant Lestrade waiting.
As they headed back down the hill towards the house, John took a moment to consider that he continuously equated this mating… thing with marriage. Elisabeth had carefully reminded him that a wolf pack was not like a normal family, and this might be different too.
Sherlock had been, for hours, for the last day, slowly picking his way through the flurry of John’s turmoil. It was a painstaking, distracting process that tried, repeatedly, to turn Sherlock’s stomach in all the knots that John was in. Sherlock was very sedulous, and no trivial concerns of the flesh would derail him. He had a very strong stomach, anyway. He thought that was fortunate in this situation, but he also suspected that his strength was more to do with John than any arbitrary expression of genetics. His mate required his strength, and so it was there.
John wanted, very much, to know what that uncertainty came from. He wanted to question it so that he could answer, because if Sherlock’s question was ‘will you be there?’ then John’s answer would always be ‘With you.’
Mycroft gave a sharp nod.
"My sons are very fond of London, which, I suppose is still a part of the land, though not technically our territory," Elisabeth said, sipping a cup of coffee politely. "I will show you the rest of the grounds after breakfast, John. The others will be here by nightfall."
And Sherlock
The last lips to brush his skin were Sherlock’s. The last scent of anyone in his nostrils was his mate and this man, in comparison, was a garbage heap worse than the one Sherlock had smelled like after that dumpster.
“You got all that from… a quick glance at a dead body and some bloody footprints? Amazing.”
“Clara,” Sherlock supplied in a bored tone even though John hadn’t asked a question. If he were thinking more clearly, John would wonder if the bond with his mate was telepathic instead of empathic.
“Did you remember the tea?”
Sherlock wished - a thing he had not done in ever so long - that time really could stop and this moment could continue forever. He stared down at John, taking in every detail of his mate that he could.
“Projective transference? Is that the word to use?”
John couldn’t help but think just how amazing it was that the flat felt so much like home after only a few days living in it.
In response Mycroft let out a snarl loud enough that it rattled the medicine cabinet’s mirror on its hinges.
It was the first time in months that he was expected to sleep alone.
“They’re lovely,” John said, sipping his coffee with a real smile. A smile that surprised him. He was happy for Mike, and he said so. “That’s great. Cheers.”
“You continue to be a singular sort of man, John.”
“You said there were wolves all over the world.”
“You regularly reinforce your positive opinion of me,” Sherlock replied, shifting to kiss his neck.
“Getting fucking discharged,” came the clipped reply. Greg winced.
“Are you done with this tedious questioning yet? We do not have possession of Harriet, and we are not aware of where she has washed up.”
special," he growled, fingers twisting exquisitely, "Beautiful, clever, impossibly strong," Sherlock kissed behind his ear lingeringly, and John didn't even fight the renewed moan of pleasure at all the feelings the slick digits were wringing out of him. "My perfect mate."
“Where did you see her?” That sounded like an odd question, until Clara went on with, “Was she drunk again? She was so upset last year when they contacted the family, and… she was doing ok with it, I thought, until-”
Sherlock leaned forward enough to breathe a command into John’s ear. “Suck,” he said, crisp consonants sending a shiver through John. John parted his lips to Sherlock’s hand, and did as he was told. Sherlock watched, licking his own lips. “Give me yours.”
“Don’t do that,” Sherlock groused, “we’ve seen enough of them this week.”
“Delete?”
“Ah,” Mycroft said, settling his teacup in its saucer. He had been observing John’s hands while he has been scrubbing and noticed the stillness in them. “My brother returns.”
Well.
Lestrade just sort of stood there, leaving John to the spiral of his unhappy thoughts.
“Sometime we will run together,” Sherlock promised in a low voice, kissing his temple.
“I don’t make a habit of repeating what I’ve already done unless new facts come to light,” Lestrade replied.
It was enough of a distraction from the noise to yank John back into the insistent climb of his arousal. He tumbled right over the edge of it, spilling himself in Sherlock’s hand and the sheets with a needy moan.
“But you—earlier—”
Sherlock nodded, but hesitated, watching John. “If you don’t have a mobile…”
Sherlock's damp hands curled around John's shoulders, and he was tugged gently back against Sherlock's chest. A soft hushing noise against his ear made John turn his head, breaking Mycroft's gaze, and Sherlock captured his lips.
From the splashes on the brick and the marking on the concrete, John had to agree with him, but without a good look at the body or photos of the scene undisturbed he couldn’t offer any other comment.
Mycroft stood by the kitchen window, looking out on the rear garden.
"If she did, it would be entirely her fault for what she saw," Sherlock replied, still eying John in a way that suggested they ought to be alone somewhere. John wisely kept his mouth shut, unsure what he might say given the rush of heat that hit him just from the predatory look Sherlock had turned on him.
“Because it
There was only one place Harry would be at this hour, and John knew it.
, he reminded himself, sighing as the strong arm squeezed him for a moment. He closed his eyes and let his head fall against Sherlock's neck.
Sherlock’s attention caught at John’s words. A rush of feeling spilled into John as Sherlock’s head snapped round to look at John, and no amount of Connie’s tugging could draw Sherlock’s attention away.
Waking at the very end of the morning to a grumbling, gurgling sound, John was pleased to find Sherlock wrapped around him, doing his best octopus impression. It was secretly one of John’s favorites, especially when he needed the reassurance of proximity. After the night before - the cops, the information, the flashback - John had needed reassurance. He would never have said it aloud in those words, but it was true.
That was ridiculous, the flight hadn’t taken long, and he’d done nothing but rest since leaving that godawful facility in Russia.
“The trembling in your arm went away shortly after you fell asleep the second time, which leads me to believe that my proximity has, in fact, cured your more physical symptoms of-”
The thermos got lost somewhere in the transition. Sherlock’s blue room was just up the stairs, awaiting them as it always was. John allowed the warm arms of his mate to guide him to it, turning his face up for the languid kisses Sherlock pressed to his skin.
Sherlock stepped into the bedroom doorway, glowering dramatically. “Well, Milton?”
When Sherlock did not respond to an inquiry about his well being placed
But Sherlock was no longer focused on him. He was looking up in the direction that Mycroft had headed off in.
His stomach clenched at the thought of with whom he had been sleeping previously. He closed his eyes, hoping to escape the reality of the empty room, and was treated with images of Sherlock - Sherlock defiant and naked during their captivity, snarling angrily at their captors when they attempted to take John away.
“Because they attempted to assail me similarly in Bedford Square Garden last night.”
“I’m sorry, what?” John asked, finding his own feet and pushing Sherlock off him and away.
“Doctor Watson?” the sergeant asked, sounding concerned.
No, he could be honest about John, at least to himself. It was nice to have his mate appreciate his mental acumen. Even if he was bound to and dazzled by his bond with the wolf, John seemed impressed by
“He was one of my dealers,” Sherlock said. He had Milton’s hand lifted and was inspecting his wrist. He mentioned it absently, off-handed as though it were of little importance.
More than a bad taste, though if asked John wouldn’t be able to explain what it was that stopped his feet.
Sherlock did not struggle against Mycroft. He was pliant in Mycroft’s grip, disturbingly so.
Sherlock reached forward and stopped John as he got a foot on the stairs. A strong, warm hand fell on his shoulder, and a feeling of relief spread through John with it. How many hours since his mate had touched him?
Johnny,” Clara said softly. All the steel from earlier had left her tone.
“Leave it,” Sherlock said, tightening his arms around John.
“Ah, that’s… it’s not what you think. I mean you haven’t rung up who you think.”
Mycroft had been right to bring Sherlock back to London. In Wiltshire he had been rotting, turning into a hateful creature unable to function and lashing out because of the stagnation of the place. London was better, but even London, in all its writhing glory, was empty of the one thing that Sherlock needed.
The truth was not the story he'd be telling to anyone. John knew he wasn't a masterful liar, but it was getting easier just
“Which neighbor?”
“Right,” Sergeant Hall said, relaxing fractionally and giving a short nod, “that’s… probably why you’re doing so well.”
Then Sherlock stilled, and his lips worked their way up John’s neck slowly. The kisses were gentle, and he licked behind John’s ear before murmuring, “You’ll like this
With the door open it was easy to see inside, so Lestrade took the moment of that last solitary breath to take in the people he could see through the door. There was a bloody man on the couch - right where the CSO at the entry door had said he’d be - and another man leaning against the mantle with a teacup in one hand.
“What is
“Lestrade put me in handcuffs. It was utterly ridiculous. He spent twenty minutes lecturing me on how wrong it was to break into crime scenes, how suspicious.” Sherlock snorted. “How pedestrian.”
Sherlock concluded his call with a satisfied look on his face, and took a moment to clean the couch with a sweep of his arm.
"I'm sorry," Sherlock whispered into his neck.
John looked up at that. “Does this have to do with that bit of shrubbery in his hair?”
“The blue one’s yours,” Sherlock said, fixing John in his gaze firmly before disappearing into the living room again.
John caught the one nearest him and threaded their fingers together. “It can’t be so bad, can it?” he asked.
John wouldn’t have believed that Sherlock Holmes could blush, even pale as he was, if he hadn’t seen it with his own eyes, but blush he did. His eyes were wide in near-wonder, as if John hung the stars as he answered softly, “For you.”
Sherlock spread his legs and lowered his head submissively as the Captain asked, “Who do you serve?”
It shouldn’t have to change anything. They were adults. These were just biological impulses. Almost everyone had them and there wasn’t any shame in giving in to them anymore. No one younger than his gran insisted you had to be bonded to fuck.
John had always imagined if they ever got to this point that it would be gentle, like they might break each other and the fragile thing between them if they held too tight. But this was brutal, years worth of pent-up love and lust and things unsaid spilling out, as if the fingertip bruises no doubt forming on each other’s hips could somehow spell out all that they meant to one another, words they hadn’t been able to bring themselves to voice.
“No, the experiment is fine. Not what I meant.”
“Well it got him to let us in, didn’t it? Besides, I don’t have another and you’ve never indicated that you’d be okay being an official boyfriend.”
“Well, there is my problem, Watson.” I tried to ignore the tremor in my own voice as I admitted to it. No sense in denying now.
Sherlock’s eyes were wide and he did look rather frightened. That shouldn’t make John even harder, but he throbbed to watch him and, frankly, he knew from long experience that Sherlock would positively maul John if he stopped their games without a safeword.
“This isn’t a show, Smith. Out!” the Captain barked.
“You took us all so well,” John murmured as he eased out. “Should paint a picture of this and hang it in my cabin. You look positively wrung out.” He paused a moment, caressing whatever he could reach.
By the end John had begun to cursing himself for giving in, as realization dawned. Sherlock would be able to go back to normal. To delete everything if that’s what he wanted. John didn’t have that luxury.
Sherlock whined and his cock began to swell again at John’s filthy words. Sherlock reached into the bedside table and produced a plug.
Sherlock laid down on the bed while John rummaged in his bedside table then set out condoms and lube. “No pressure. I just want to have supplies accessible if we want them later.”
I was leaking now, slicking his way as he slid the foreskin back and forth. The pleasure was exquisite and I arched into his touch. “Sublime,” I moaned.
John pushed in a little further, savoring the silky, wet heat surrounding him. “God, you’re so good, Sherlock.” He leaned down and bit Sherlock’s shoulder hard, close enough to a bond mark for a thrill, but far enough away to be safe. After all, Sherlock had made it quite clear from day one that he belonged to no one and had no intention of changing. John didn’t let go, not yet. biting harder as he drove himself deeper into Sherlock’s arse.
He chuckled darkly again, then stepped forward to straddle Sherlock’s head. Sherlock managed to look like he was gasping in shock while really just opening to swallow John down. The Captain wasted no time in thrusting straight down that throat. His brilliant little slag could not get enough of being facefucked, the delicious thrill of gasping for what breath he could muster between the relentless thrusts of John’s cock. He didn’t hold back, fucking merrily into the poor lad’s throat.
“You don’t have to sound so sad about it, my dear fellow. We could always retire here later.”
As Sherlock mouthed it eagerly and began to suck, John offered jeers and encouragements aplenty as the captain or the crew and he was certain there were at least eight crewmen in Sherlock’s fantasy.
As I stole a glance at Watson and what I saw nearly took my breath away. His lips were parted and his pupils blown wide and dark. He licked his lips and reached for his own prick, never breaking our gaze as he began to stroke himself too.
John fixed him with a look.
Sherlock lay on his side and, now that his mouth was free, was begging, nearly incoherent with need.
“I am not certain I have ever surprised you so. Did you know I thought of you last night?” Watson whispered. “I have never dreamed I could truly have you. You haven’t shown the slightest interest in love of any sort, until now.” He pressed close to me and I could feel his passions stirred, the hard length of him jutting against my hip. I sighed and wriggled against him.
John kissed his lips, his chest, his throat, breathing in the heady scent of him as Sherlock rose and fell, enveloping him completely. “Christ, Sherlock,” he breathed. He grasped Sherlock’s hips, encouraging him
The furrow between Sherlock’s brows eased and he sighed in relief. “Oh! Heightened emotions, the unexpectedness of my return. You’re giddy. Endorphins, adrenaline, norepinephrine, dopamine-”
Sherlock bobbed his head twice more, then pulled off with an audible pop and flashed a wicked smile. “Problem?”
“Thoughtful.”
Well, by helped, John meant that Sherlock had analysed a scrap of the sponge from the sink, tested the claims of several sanitizing wipes and found them remarkably valid.
Sherlock rocked his hips. “Feels good. But not as good as you.”
Watson blinked at me in wonder and let out a pleased, satisfied groan, then pulled me close. He tilted my chin up and, to my amazement and delight, moved to kiss me. I let myself be drawn into the embrace and the first touch of his lips on mine was tender and soft. I returned his kisses with passion and delight, as if I could pour out all the love I felt for him into the soft movements of our mouths. At last we drew apart and, though we had not spoken it aloud, I could see in Watson’s eyes that he felt just the same.
John chuckled softly behind him.
“Yes, John.” Sherlock pressed in close and whispered, “As long as they’re all you. Thank you.”
Sherlock groaned and pushed back even then, trying to fuck himself on John’s fingers.
he reminded himself firmly. It didn’t matter that his body had other ideas right now.
Sherlock managed to nod and follow John to the bedroom.
Sherlock drew him close. “I was rather hoping you’d have me,” he purred, giving John a playful nip on the ear then tilted his head, stretching out his neck in offering.
John tilted his head up and Sherlock met his gaze. He had imagined so many times what he would say if Sherlock was here again, but he found himself dumbstruck by the reality of it. He was sure down to his bones that this wasn’t just a progression of the hallucinations. He knew some people could touch, taste, have any manner of sensory experience with their breakdowns, but this was different. Sherlock was neither caked with blood like after the fall, nor like he had been before. There was a scar by his left eye that he hadn’t left with and he was so thin. John was certain his imagination had never conjured up stubble and he wondered if it would rasp against his cheeks.
He had stilled, eyes wide for a moment as he adjusted to the new stretch, his lips parting in a soft moan.
Sherlock did it again, watching John’s cock leaking thick, clear drops onto his stomach.
I raced back to my bedroom and threw myself down on the bed, heart hammering and nightshirt shamefully wet. Would that were the end of it. It had been many years since I had paid my transport any carnal attention and within a remarkably short time I felt the need to abuse myself further, depraved thoughts filling my mind. I squeezed my eyes shut tight and licked the juices from my first emission from my fingers, sucking greedily on them as I imagined it was his member taken thusly into my mouth. When I could stand the buildup of desire no longer, I took myself in hand again, imagining his hand on my prick, his kisses pressed to my mouth. My fingers inched further back, gently pressing behind my bollocks. I had never reached climax again so swiftly. Seldom had I reached climax at all. I fairly swooned with it, waking some time later to make my ablutions before falling back into a fitful sleep.
, wanting me, I breathed his name, spilling over my hand and across my stomach.
“Protection,” Sherlock finished easily. “Makes sense. Me either, though I was tested during my last stint at rehab and there’ve been no partners since. No IV drugs either, though I was meticulous about needles even when that was my habit.”
Sherlock’s voice would be hoarse from use, husky for days. He’d feel this session all week.
Sherlock leaned forward and licked the precome, then crooked his fingers again as he took John’s cock into his mouth, sucking gently.
“John?” Sherlock whispered, low and soothing, as though trying not to startle him more than any of this already had.
Sherlock drew him down into a kiss. “It’s alright as long as you get back here now.”
Sherlock didn’t beg. He usually didn’t even ask or even issue a polite ‘please’ with his requests. Sherlock demanded, he ordered, he charged in and took. Occasionally he cajoled and wheedled like tot as he’d tried moments earlier. But
He wondered if he angled up just slightly if he could-
In a few movements John had managed to take on that air of command that Sherlock relished. His breath quickened and he ducked further under the mound of pillows as if trying to hide.
‘Nonsense’ was probably too strong a word, but from Sherlock? It sounded like complete rubbish. In all the time they’d known one another, there was never any indication that Sherlock wanted to share heat with anyone at all. He’d never sought a relationship with anyone. He wasn’t exactly likely to start nesting now. It was just the hormones.
My desire to taste him overtook me and without a thought I dragged my fingers through the mess of his spendings and brought them to my lips, sucking them clean. The salt tang of him on my tongue sent a thrill through me
“We should probably leave the bedroom. It must be nearly midday,” Watson said and the regret I could hear in his voice made my heart soar.
“I liked watching you. It was intense, but felt good. A little strange, but it was with you.” Sherlock smiled.
“Greedy, aren’t you? For this,” John said, picking up his pace and fucking into him with hard fast strokes. He gripped Sherlock’s hips as he took him completely. “Positively dripping for me, aren’t you, love?”
“I’ve always pictured us in your bed,” Sherlock admitted.
“Don’t,” Sherlock said, his voice suddenly controlled and much colder, closer to how he sounded mid-deduction. He dashed the, thankfully unopened, vial from John’s hand. “Don’t drown me out. Leave if you won’t help me. I’ll get through it alone like I have all the others, but don’t drown me out and then sit here unaffected, like you aren’t the only alpha I’ve ever needed. Please, John. Reject me if you must, but not like that.”
Sherlock awoke in a panic. John wasn’t here. He said he’d stay and he wasn’t here!
Sherlock kisses him again and  lifted up just enough for John to shuck out of his trousers and pants. He stripped off his own clothes completely and settled over John reaching down to steady John’s cock as he sank down. His eyes rolled back with the pleasure of it and he moaned deep in his throat
Sherlock shivered and blushed to the roots of his hair.
“Shouldn’t that be my line?”
John sat in his chair, resolutely ignoring the disheveled mess that Sherlock was turning into.
Some time ago, John had learned to ignore the ache in his chest. A constant hole Sherlock’s presence had once filled. He was aware of it again now as it eased, pain dissolving under the pressure of alive, real, here.
want to be with anyone else. I don’t want to chase anyone else, take care of anyone else. And I certainly wouldn’t want to bond with anyone else. I’m all yours, Sherlock, if you’ll have me.”
“It is nothing.”
Captain Watson growled, “I should let them all have their way with you. All the way down to the lowest swabbie who wants a go.”
John gave him a look that was hard to parse. Perplexed, startled, and- was that a flash of hurt? After a moment he smiled and shook his head. For his part, their suspect raised a brow and chuckled, as John added, “I’m his partner,” then obviously realising how that sounded, he clumsily tacked on, “in his work with NSY and private clients.”
“So beautiful,” he murmured, then closed his eyes and brought himself to his own release.
On his way to the kitchen he caught sight of Sherlock silhouetted over by the window. No matter how many times it happened, it still made his breath catch. Stupid, misfiring brain. Grief had always done funny things to him.
John smiled. He was naturally a fairly gentle lover. “The Captain” had no such concerns and could be as rough as Sherlock needed in certain moods. “A pirate captain, eh?” John asked, “And who are you, then? First mate? Cabin boy?”
He swiped his fingers through the river of precome on Sherlock’s belly and held his fingers to Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock licked them clean as John took him slow and deep.
Sherlock rolled his hips and John began to thrust, using him mercilessly.
When he released Sherlock, pushing his head down. This time, John let Sherlock control the blowjob.
“I know I’m not the kind of omega you want, but I’d never asked anyone to share my heat in my life. I didn’t expect that I couldn’t just… I’m not sure I can just get over this, John.”
“God, yes, Sherlock.” John drew him down, kissed, licked and, yes, finally bit.
begged.
“You don’t have to look ashamed about it. Nearly everyone past puberty does. We just don’t all cry out our flatmate’s name.” Sherlock’s voice was light, but his gaze was hungry as he added, “Of course since both of us do so, there shouldn’t really be a problem.”
Sherlock kissed him and curled up against his side, resting his head on John’s shoulder and sighed contentedly. “Whatever we do it’ll be perfect. It feels unreal. To be home. To get to have this.”
“There’s a good lad. Taste how much you need this. How your body craves this. I think you’ve earned a fine place here, and a reward.” John braced his hands on either side of Sherlock and redoubled his efforts. It was time for both of them to find release.
Sherlock began to move, thrusting gently at first, bracing against John’s raised knees and gasped at the intensity of sensation.
John dragged him off the bed and shoved him unceremoniously to the floor.
Inch by inch, the well-used lad was filled again. Enter and retreat, enter and retreat; building up, until the new toy was finally fully seated. The crewman’s hands slipped lower, possessively, fondled his bollocks, then gave his neglected cock a tug.
“Give me a minute, you glorious slag. Do I have to plug you up until I’m ready for another round? Watch you desperately hump yourself all filled up with my come? You’re so nice and stretched open, you can’t keep it all in. ”
The suspect answered the door and was blandly pleasant, not hostile or cagey but also smart enough not to seem smug. He thought he was getting away with it.
“I’m your ‘boyfriend’ now? And by default? Ta for that.”
“You,” Sherlock said, his voice rough. “I only need you. Nothing else, just you right now. I want to ride you right here until we’re sealed together and you coat me inside and out with your come. I want to revel in your scent and the way mine changes when you’re with me. ”
Though I had often noted that Watson was not the most observant of men, he needed no carefully honed skills to see what was plainly visible upon my person, the interest he had aroused in me. His cheeks flushed and eyes darted everywhere at once before he turned his back to me.
Sherlock released John and shuddered, panting against his ear. “That was…” he began, but trailed off as if words failed him for once.
Sherlock looked deeply affronted, his face falling, but John had seen omegas in heat before and knew their desperation, and later their regret. The last thing he needed was to give in to what he wanted to do with Sherlock, and then have him resent it. And no matter what he was saying now, he would regret it. All this begging was just hormonal nonsense.
“Seems so, despite you being a proper genius and all.”
John was fully hard again, but enjoying the delicious ache of it. He babbled some nonsense about the next man and selected the next toy. The purple silicone cock was as thick as his own, but slightly shorter. He used a gravelly voice to intone, “Think I’ll take my time with this one. Look at him, all desperate for it. I don’t think he’ll run.” He pushed Sherlock onto his side, subtly checked for lividity in his fingers as he untied the sash that bound his arms. All was well. “There, love. Shake ‘em out. Don’t make me sorry about that, neither, or I’ll bind you to the mast.” After a moment, he grabbed Sherlock around the waist and hoisted him up to kneeling again, this time upright, cradled against John’s chest. He slid the toy in about an inch, then withdrew.
