She and John had never been close. Apart from the occasional Christmas or birthday do the only times she saw him were when Sherlock brought him to the lab. She remembered the first time Sherlock brought him in. She’d been shocked. Sherlock existed in a world of his own, practically oblivious to the people and voices around him, often not knowing or caring who he was talking to or even whether other people were still in the room. So when Sherlock brought John to the lab she was stunned to see that Sherlock
behind him, hard enough that he was vaguely aware of Sherlock falling to the ground. At the same time, he reached his right hand around to the back of his jeans, pulled out his gun, and shot. He heard two gun shots and knew Reeves had fired at the same time.
“That’s not the point.”
“Here.” Sherlock handed him a mask. It was a skeleton face with fabric that would cover his whole head. “Put this on.”
More than a little curious he opened it and pulled out one of the last things he could have expected John to hand him on the street in a brown paper bag.
In the end he did neither. He looked like he was about to say something, but he didn’t. Without a word he had turned on his heel and run out the door, forgetting his coat and scarf on the hook. Further evidence: Sherlock must be off his rocker if he could forget the beloved coat and scarf on a cold night. John had watched him jump into a cab from the window, briefly wondering whether he should call Lestrade to warn him that the mad detective had really gone mental this time and was loose in London with kitchen knives.
“Blacklisted, you understand?” the guard said roughly. “Come here again and you won’t be walking when you leave.”
“Look, can’t you just—”
The sincerity in Sherlock’s artless words had an immediate impact on John. He felt his anger evaporating and the tension leaving his muscles. But still he hesitated. He was well acquainted with Sherlock’s talent as an actor. He searched his face for clues that the detective was pretending. But John knew that when Sherlock was acting it was usually in order to fake emotion: sympathy and smiles in exchange for information, distress in exchange for forgiveness, tears to sell a ruse. Sherlock’s total lack of emotional expression now suggested sincerity. No ticking bombs, no desperate overtures, just Sherlock on his back in the grass waiting for John’s response.
Kathleen Bauer was an eye-roll worthy woman to be sure. Black faux-leather shoes. Trousers and blouse from the sales racks, read: low-paid office job. Yet the flat (unshared) was far nicer than any single, low-paid Londoner could hope to afford. Family money then. But clearly not for clothes. She would have an independent streak that stopped at London real estate. Mid-thirties, symmetrical facial features (at least moderately attractive), figure neither heavy nor thin but one forever swaying one way or the other—an anxious stress-eater on a permanent diet, read: shaky self-discipline and constant personal dissatisfaction. However, her straight posture and defiant expression suggested a veneer of blunt confidence, a typical defence mechanism for the self-critical.
“How do you know that?”
“Nope,” he had said to Sherlock, shaking his head at the stairs leading to his bedroom. Falling on the first flight had not made him keen on a second. “Stairs can’t be just all the time.”
kicked Sherlock in the ankle as he crossed it over his knee. Sherlock hardly shot him a glance before zeroing back in on his subject.
“I asked you about ten minutes ago why we’re here.”
“I think I’m supposed to.”
Pain searing through his chest.
He lying on the floor, on his side, thank god—he must have known to roll himself while he was still conscious. Vomit on the floor, on his jogging bottoms, his t-shirt soaked through with sweat. Overdose. Lestrade was dialling the ambulance as he fell to his knees to check the boy’s vital signs. The pulse was faint but blessedly present.
John sighed. “Interview the girlfriend?”
“All’s fair in love and war.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “You wouldn’t.”
"Ok, ok." John tossed the blankets back. He stumbled out of bed and Sherlock caught his elbow with quick reflexes. Their eyes met for a moment before Sherlock hastily dropped his hand and stepped back.
John held his gaze. “I heard you.”
“Gallagher!” he called to one of the two police officers who were in conversation by the barricade tape. “Get Mr. Holmes here the file on Rodgers,” he said as the officer approached.
There was a fountain just a few paces away and Mycroft wasted no time in submersing the jacket in the water. Turning his back to the kids who were watching him, he furtively pulled a bottle from his pocket and poured it over the jacket as well. He handed it back to the child.
“What do you want?” Sherlock snapped.
"Fine. Watbum."
Jsi natvrdlá? Podej mi to podělané sklíčko! -- Are you stupid? Give me the fucking slide!
“For the last time I am
“She made you happy,” Sherlock said, his voice just detectably softer. “I observed it plainly.”
He stared at Sherlock blankly through the haze the kiss left over him, and Sherlock looked back at him for a moment before he strode out the door, slamming it shut behind him.
It was a moment before John realised Sherlock was looking back at him.
“Fine, you know what? Next time I’ll just toss her a bottle of lube and walk out.”
“Want to give it a test run?” John asked when they stopped in Sherlock’s library, smile playing at his lips.
“I’m not—”
He smirked, “I’d say I’ve done fairly well so far.”
“Getting rid of the body,” John amended reluctantly.
And then he’d found Janine in Sherlock’s bedroom wearing nothing but a shirt and her knickers. It had made no sense at all—not remotely fitting with any of his theories—until it became clear that the entire relationship was a ruse to break in to her boss’s office. Sherlogic at its coldest.
"Yes," Sherlock said, impatience clear. "We're so good at drinking we haven't drunk anything."
When they were back on the street John stopped and said, “Ok, so what’s the deal with the furniture?”
, he scoffed at Mycroft, plucking out the pack of cigarettes. There was an envelope folded behind it. When Sherlock turned it over he was faintly surprised to find his name written there. (He supposed it was just as well considering he would have opened it anyway.)
“If he comes near Sherlock it won’t be by coincidence,” Mycroft said evenly.
Molly was paralysed in the doorway.
John repeated. He tried to gauge how this made him feel. Relieved? Depressed? Angry? Liberated? He couldn’t tell. Maybe it was too early in the morning. He dragged his watch off the night table and blinked at it. 11:14. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d slept so late. 11:14, Sunday, October eighteenth. Day One of New Life. Again he waited for an appropriate emotional response: Optimistic? Miserable? His emotions department sent him back a large question mark, and nothing else. He resolved to check back later.
“Afraid that won’t be possible.”
“How are you feeling?” Mrs. Hudson asked him.
He walked the few paces back toward John until he was standing directly in front of him, aggressively close. The master of deduction moved his eyes slowly down his face and the length of his body before dragging them back up again. John swallowed reflexively and fought the urge to step back. It was moments like these, when Sherlock focused on him, that he felt the detective could see right through him. In some ways John knew he could. When Sherlock finally spoke his voice was low, the deep pitch that would have held John in place even if he'd wanted to back away.
“By the way, if you’re planning to be naked all day I should warn you Mrs. Hudson’s threatened to come up with tea in an hour.”
John raised his eyes to the ceiling and let out a breath. Patience, patience. He waited while Sherlock darted around the room with his end of the tape. Finally, Sherlock dropped it and jumped across to his laptop. John re-rolled the tape and had just enough time to place it back on the table when Sherlock shouted, “YES! That’s it!”
The boy was not surprised to see him there, and he returned his attention to what looked like a pen in his hand. He pointed it toward a line of ants on the ground. He pressed a button and trained the thin laser light on a specific ant until it burned. He did the same to the next.
But looking over Sherlock’s notes, Mycroft knew he couldn’t have done anything like it in such a short amount of time. It had been a dangerous exercise in passion: Sherlock’s passion for chemistry tested by his passion for John, and he had pushed himself past his own limits, accomplishing in three days what would have taken even the most brilliant researchers months if not years. But the cost had been high.
“You can come home with me after all of this is over. This is Sherlock’s fault.”
John gripped the arms of the chair,
“Here.” John followed the beam of the torch. “Karina Dyachenko,” he read. “It’s new.”
She nodded. “I’m very sorry, gentlemen, but the time is up. If we continue any longer without sex it will look suspicious.”
Wave after wave.
"Why?"
Sherlock grabbed her arm and she cried out at the force. “Where? Where is he?”
Sherlock frowned. “You know the phrase. ‘Lost your sheep.’ It means you’ve gone mad.”
“So, Tweedledum, it seems we’ve got some time to kill. Why don’t you tell me about Moriarty? His message made it sound like he had some sort of diabolical
But hadn’t Sherlock been the one who’d asked John to stay with him last night? John argued to himself (a bit manically). What had Sherlock been playing at, asking him to sleep in his bed? Was it possible that he’d
Sherlock always had reasons for his actions. Whatever they had been for asking John to stay last night, he was sure they didn’t involve a sudden romantic desire that had been entirely absent from the previous five years of their relationship. (
Sherlock evidently found something of interest at the top of the building because his eyes sparked and he grinned. He looked back at John.
Sherlock grinned.
She stirred from sleep and saw him fully dressed, coat in hand. “You’re leaving?”
John pinched the bridge of his nose: a signal Sherlock had learned meant John was irritated with him.
“So that explains the request this morning for an exhumation warrant on three completely unrelated graves,” Lestrade said, walking closer to look at the pictures of the bodies. “You think these people were poisoned too.”
"Are you serious?" John asked, suddenly hearing his heartbeat in his ears.
Mycroft looked up sharply and said, “You’re here because we both know that while Sherlock is meticulous about his cases he tends to be neglectful if not downright oblivious when it comes to his own health and safety.”
“You just came back from a walk,” Sherlock had to state for the sake of logic.
him?”
For the hell of it, John tried to jump up as quickly as Sherlock had. His newly vertical position was accompanied by a rush of dizziness and he grabbed the back of his chair to steady himself. Drugs and sleep deprivation were not a good combination. Fun though, he had to admit, casting his mind back over the previous night.
“He’s lying wound-side-down!” Sherlock said indicating the victim’s position with a sweep of his hand. Receiving no affirmation of understanding he continued with feigned reluctance. Emphasis on ‘feigned.’ Lestrade, of all people, knew exactly how well Sherlock loved this: showing off, launching into intricate explanations that made every other person in the room feel like a right muppet. Lestrade wondered how many people, apart from himself, regularly imagined strangling Sherlock with that damned scarf.
Sherlock shrugged. “You didn’t love him.”
“I’m not going to have sex with her.”
John breathed through his nose as a calming strategy. Normally he didn’t mind when Sherlock talked incomprehensibly about genius mind palace stuff, but right now— “Look, I’m not in the mood. We’ll talk later,” John said, trying to shove past him.
“Didn’t,” Sherlock corrected. John nudged him with his knee and Sherlock wished his capricious flatmate-assistant would make up his mind about whether or not they had to be polite.
Lestrade asked, dumbfounded.
He picked up his phone again.
“I’m fine,” John said dismissively, “just needed some rest. Do you know—”
“Right. What are we doing?”
Sherlock turned his head fully this time when he said, “Based on the timing of the texts you sent me yesterday I deduced it was you who… brought me here last night.”
Sherlock cleared his throat. “The size seems to be accurate.”
“Do you have any idea where he might be right now? It’s really important.”
“He died somewhere else,” Sherlock concluded, jumping to his feet in an outright age-defying manner. (No man over thirty should be able to hold a crouched position for that long and then leap to his feet as lithely as a child.) “He was dragged here and then stabbed in order to make it look like a mugging. The position of the body was the first clue.”
“Why do you do that?” John asked, following him to the entrance of the building next door to their victim’s.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. “You didn’t mind last time.”
“You know,” John said, “I think we have an abnormal relationship with our landlady.”
“What?” Molly breathed, trying not to visibly gape. “You’re
Of course he enjoyed being out on a case as much as Sherlock did, but whenever he had missed Sherlock—when he thought Sherlock was dead or while his marriage was unravelling—it was the memories of their quieter nights in that came back to him the most frequently.
“Let him stay until then.”
He labelled the vial of his own blood with shaking hands. John had moved off somewhere, which was why when Sherlock finally looked up he was startled to see John standing so close to him.
John scoffed, “Is that what you came here to tell me?”
There was glee in Moran’s voice. Sherlock couldn't move.
The slight linger in his look told Sherlock he was remembering the scene from the living room a year ago. After they’d cornered Mary behind the façade at Leinster Gardens and before Sherlock had collapsed onto the paramedics’ stretcher.
John was in his bed, propped up on his elbows, breathing hard.
The detective’s silence was enough of an answer. With a huff that wasn’t quite laughter John leaned up, drinking in the gorgeous sight that was Sherlock spread beneath him, breathing hard, flushed, pupils dilated. The image alone could have knocked him backward. It rocked through him, instantly removing any hint of mirth that had risen at Sherlock’s appreciative attentions to his rugby clothes.
John thought for a moment. “Well, no—”
With John Watson, he thought wearily as he pressed the button for the nurse, it appeared everything was different.
He could call Lestrade, but he doubted Sherlock would involve the DI in something he wouldn’t even tell John about. Mycroft, definitely not. He knew it wouldn’t prevent him from calling them both in about five minutes if he couldn’t think of anything else.
Sherlock jammed the chart back down onto its clip. His brother had lied to him to get him stay in bed and finish his treatment. The doctor had said he'd needed another twenty-four hours on the IV to fully recover, and Mycroft had known exactly how to get him to do it. He’d put John in the once place Sherlock couldn’t follow him: voluntarily back at Mary’s house. To thank him for it, the next time he saw his rubbish older brother Sherlock would give him a lesson on the subtlety in variation of twenty-eight different kinds of pain.
He opened his eyes. But Sherlock was here, now, pressed so close to him John could feel his breathing. And this time he wouldn’t let him go. Sherlock would always be there to talk to him, tearing the universe apart in deductions with that voice, telling him to send a text to Lestrade in that voice. Because he had to be. He was, by far, the most important thing that had ever destructively crashed into John’s life and John was not going to lose him again. He couldn’t. If Sherlock dropped dead tomorrow they would have to pry John off of his body because he would never believe it again.
It was a large, luxurious room. The bed was certainly big enough for three people, and if there were any force on Earth that could erase that last observation from his mind he would've happily paid for it.
Sherlock’s eyes met John’s for an instant before he continued. “As soon as I saw the lip gloss in Alexa’s room the idea occurred to me. But it hinged on whether or not the drug could be transmitted via secondary contact. I figured the poison would be a much higher concentration than the drug, which”—he checked the results of the chemical analysis—“is true. So, if the regular drug could be transferred through a secondary kiss in the correct timespan, then the poison must also have been.”
“Why indeed.”
Sherlock kept his left hand on John's shoulder, but moved his right to John's hip, meaning to push him back into the correct position. John's left hand reflexively gripped Sherlock's arm as if to push it away, but he didn't. His eyes shot to Sherlock's and neither of them heard the door opening.
… “Did you miss me?” Did he? The Magnussen/Morstan case had been fascinating and nearly fatal enough hold his attention. But now…
“All right, no worries.”
John stopped in his tracks. “Oh, you know? Good, because I’ve seen it,” he hissed. “Just transport, right? Blood pooled under your head, streaked across your face, no pulse in your wrist. What does that matter? It’s only transport.”
“The men who died were chosen for the experiment because they were single,” Sherlock continued, evidently eager to get back to his successful unravelling of the mystery. “The killer didn’t plan on Brandon kissing someone directly after walking out of the club.”
A server appeared behind them. “Mr. Taylor?” she asked.
“No, sorry, look, just forget it,” John said, backing away. “I’m going for a walk, we can talk later.”
” he said, looking back at John. “Not that I know anything about you owning an illegal firearm—for the record I don’t—but next time you could ask him a few more questions before you let him borrow it.”
Sherlock, who apparently never slept, had texted him back within minutes:
He tightened his hold on Sherlock and thought he had to give credit to all the people in their lives who had seen how apparent it was from the very beginning. Because it really was obvious. There were no two people who belonged together more than Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.
Sherlock returned with the drink and held it out toward John’s left hand. John’s eyes flickered in surprise as he took the glass. It was a small detail, but he’d forgotten that this was a habit of Sherlock’s. Most people handed things with an unconscious preference toward the right hand, but Sherlock always, even naturally, placed things in John’s left hand. John knew this was simply a byproduct of Sherlock’s vast memory for detail, but considering he never even remembered Lestrade’s first name it was really quite… nice.
; John sitting alone at a table, his first sight of him after two years; getting to John through fire;
“Nope.” Sherlock shrugged off his own coat. He smiled back at John and John laughed. It was a delightfully absurd night.
“Then how do you know it’s there?”
"Did you call her?" Sherlock asked, finding as he said it that his brain had been following two tracks of thought simultaneously.
"We'll be in touch if we need anything more," John said, flicking his eyes back at Sherlock as he walked her to the door. He stepped forward, shaking her hand.
Wearing a black pair of wellies Sherlock stepped carefully through the disaster zone that was his mind palace. There was rubble from the walls and ceilings, books, papers, and boards strewn throughout the area. Water was still rushing over the floors, though the level had lowered enough now to just reach his ankles. He made his way to John’s door, which was hanging off its hinge.
"Sherlock!"
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson. Got to run.”
If the poisoner wasn’t counting on him investigating it was a strike against the Moriarty theory. However, if he knew Moriarty, and he was fairly sure he did (at least better than anyone else), this murder could also be a message for him. A clever poison saying, ‘let the game begin (again).' Sherlock allowed himself a moment to appreciate the circumstance: competing with a dead man. He had to hand it to him, the mad genius had truly taken 'never say die' to a new level.
The name stuck and Charlie became Redbeard fulltime, even after Sherlock’s pirate phase faded out. For Sherlock, who had failed to socialise properly before school, and who regularly made the children at school cry, it would not be an exaggeration to say Redbeard was his only friend. It didn’t matter how much verbal abuse he shouted at the dog when he was upset, Redbeard was always there to greet him eagerly at the door. And Sherlock loved him for it.
She paused and John knew she was trying to keep her face still in front of the camera.
“Hi,” John said.
“Well you would know,” John muttered.
His eyelids were heavy and he struggled to look up. When he met Sherlock's eyes John felt a jolt through his body, a shock briefly pulling him back from the brink of sleep. For a moment he was awake again, looking up into the detective’s face. And suddenly it was worth it. The dizziness, the wound, all of it. Was he wounded? He didn’t feel any pain, but he must be. Why else would he be lying in the street? Why would Sherlock be here holding him like this? It didn’t matter. It was worth a wound; it would have been worth many wounds to see that expression on Sherlock Holmes’ face. His usual mask of cold and arrogant indifference had vanished completely, and John had a window into a depth of emotion he would have never thought possible. And it was for him, John understood in amazement. Sherlock’s eyes were wet and he was looking at John like he loved him.
John met her eyes and knew that while it wasn’t an ultimatum, if he refused it would be another fissure in the glass. Fragile glass that had been shattered and haphazardly stuck back together—there were pieces missing and pieces that no longer fit together. The result was a poor, precarious imitation of what was once smooth and solid.
"I don't see why," Sherlock muttered, sitting down in his chair and shuffling the papers to read the next page, unconsciously pulling one knee to his chest.
“But”—Sherlock glared at her—“but I just had a text from Mary this morning! She said there was no change.”
The smooth skin was undeniably appealing, but effeminacy had nothing to do with it. Sherlock's presence was unquestionably masculine: there was no mistaking his sharp angles, his lean muscles, the way he wore a suit, and his disdain for all things sentimental. His cold, harsh energy was nearly a direct opposite of the warm and pliant femininity John had experienced in the past. And yet Sherlock was more unlike a ‘man’ in the stereotypical image John thought of when he thought of ‘men’—hairy, coarse, and rough—than any other man he knew. John knew he could never be attracted to a ‘man’ in the conventional sense, but Sherlock was uniquely beautiful. Flawless, alabaster skin, exquisite bone structure, delicate features, large, dazzling eyes, lips not thin but full and surprisingly soft… The kiss from the alleyway flashed in his mind and John swallowed. That kiss had been like nothing on Earth and John found he didn’t have the nerve to consider what might have happened if Sherlock hadn’t pulled back so abruptly, or whether John had wanted him not to.
John moved better with a partner. Apparently a sense of responsibility for another person's movements was motivating for him. John had a strong, innate sense of responsibility for those around him. The mark of a good soldier.
When John left he'd taken all of the magic with him. Now when Sherlock dropped his coat on the floor it stayed there. Now when he put dishes in the sink they were still there the next day. It was horrible. Where there had always been an assortment of food and body parts in the fridge, now there were only body parts. Sherlock’s jaw clenched as he looked around at what even
“I’d like to see you try.”
“Yes, I remember the name because I felt it was ironic: ‘Neighbourly Movers.’ I thought it wasn’t very ‘neighbourly’ to be making a racket at midnight. Are you going to fine the people who live there?”
“Sure,” Jon said in a cavalier tone that Sherlock did not at all care for.
because I was dizzy from being
John’s eyes flicked over his ex-flatmate. He wasn’t sure. He wasn’t sure about anything. He wanted to leave the steps and go off into the London night. With Sherlock there was no telling what could happen any time you walked out the door. He wanted to get his gun and jump into the cab and go wherever Sherlock would take him, even if it was just for chips, or cake (
John narrowed his eyes. “What did you do?”
As Sherlock ascended the stairs to the flat he wondered if he should tell John about looking for the drugs, the possibility of getting what he knew would be a necessary second charge to pin on Moran. As he reached the door he decided he wouldn’t. Until Sherlock had gotten his mind palace completely back in order it would be preferable for the two of them to spend the least amount of time together as possible. He could finish this case on his own.
The line went dead and Sherlock tossed the phone onto the table. He picked up a thin, sleek wooden box, feeling the Pavolvian response resonating in his nerves as his fingers brushed over the surface: anticipation. He didn’t need to open the lid—didn’t need to see silver needles or a glass syringe for the tremors to sweep through him. Addiction never cured, only dormant, roused now just by the touch of wood.
She had thought maybe once John was married Sherlock would finally stop looking at him that way. But he hadn’t, and now she knew he never would. She supposed people like Sherlock didn’t fall in love lightly. But then she really didn’t know. There was no one like Sherlock.
Lestrade had come through with the promised grave exhumations. Sherlock had been at the morgue all day overseeing the autopsies and testing blood samples.
Sherlock wondered if Moran spoke Russian. From his lack of attention he didn’t seem to. He was whispering something to the lackey on his left, who stepped behind Sherlock and snapped his wrists into handcuffs.
to have their skin cut?”
“Any new developments?” he called back.
The boy lunged and Mycroft side-stepped him easily, grabbing the back of his collar and stripping his school jacket off.
time together that I needed to win, that I could have won… But you were on the roof and I couldn’t think… I said everything wrong. There wasn’t enough time. And you—” John looked over and for a moment there was an emotion in his eyes Sherlock didn’t recognise, but he blinked and it was gone. John looked away and shrugged. “And you jumped.”
“You do.”
“What? What language is that?”
John considered pointing out that he’d been joking, but decided to let it go. The point of a joke is not to have to explain that it’s a joke.
John lifted Sherlock’s head gently and moved his tags around over his shoulder. There was nowhere for John to put his left arm besides across Sherlock. Sherlock hadn’t buttoned his coat, so John did his best to pull it around him to keep his bare chest from being exposed beneath his torn shirt. Then he reluctantly rested his arm over his flatmate’s waist. He decided he could defend himself against the imaginary crowd accusing him of groping his drugged flatmate by saying he was acting as a seatbelt. At least this way he could prevent Sherlock from rolling off the seat if the cabbie hit the brakes. And Sherlock didn’t complain. He must have been comfortable, because in a matter of a few minutes he seemed to have drifted off, whether to sleep or a heroin-induced stupor John couldn’t say. He felt his concern tightening his jaw and he consciously unclenched his teeth.
What would John say? John would know what to do, and the obvious option of texting him to simply
His subconscious desires…
John heard his own words rough by comparison. “Not a doctor right now, Sherlock. Soldier. I’m not letting you go until you agree to eat something.”
“What do you want?” John did his best to keep his voice even.
“How much did you pay for this?” John asked under his breath.
“Well, that’s a dead end then.”
Scars. As a surgeon John knew something about scars. Making the mark; breaking the skin.
John gave a short, humourless laugh. “I’m going to have a hard time believing anyone is dead after this.”
At the time Sherlock was living in the sort of dismal, dingy building that people choose when they allocate more money to drugs than rent. Lestrade found he was anxious when he rang the bell, and when there was no response his anxiety increased to panic. He couldn’t say why; of course it was possible Sherlock was simply out for the night, but looking back he thought it might have been detective’s intuition. It’s much easier for the average person to ignore warning signs when they haven’t seen the worst that can happen, and seen it happen so many times.
Sherlock snorted. "Were you hoping for a quickstep?"
Sherlock’s eyes swept John’s face and lingered for a moment, his expression briefly a mixture of several things, before he turned his head away.
“It’s important.”
it had to contend with even as the plane left the ground, left England, left John standing on the tarmac with Mary, his abominable bride.
“Good.” Sherlock suddenly turned his head, listening. “Taxi,” he said, though John had heard nothing. “Let’s go, John. The game is on!”
"Have a seat." Sherlock's cold tone sliced through the warmth of their visitor's demeanour. John realised with surprise that her eyes hadn't left him, had hardly even glanced toward his normally unignorable flatmate since he'd entered the room. John was so used to watching clients ogle Sherlock that having her admiring gaze directed toward
“My head hurts,” John frowned.
Sherlock blinked to refocus. “There’s a Chinese a few blocks from here…”
“For helping me in the lab. I couldn’t have done it without you.”
“Why? Why did you leave like that? I can’t—”
Until John Watson, that is.
“What?”
“No,” Sherlock replied, “I know she isn’t.”
More composed now, Sherlock sat down across from John and regarded him thoughtfully. John knew better than to expect Sherlock to ask why he was there or what had happened. That Sherlock already knew most of the things that happened to John, by reading them on his clothes or face, was an understood part of being Sherlock’s friend.
"I don't know how you expect anyone to take you seriously as an author," Sherlock grumbled, though his tone was inescapably good-natured.
“Who could be so evil?”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “You’re angry.”
“John—”
“You know how he is,” Mrs. Hudson was saying. “Would you mind—would it be all right if you still plan to come? You know how Sherlock forgets about these things. You could come in case he has to run off at the last minute, or you know, in case he doesn’t.”
Sherlock stood and John followed.
“In that case you won’t need me,” John said, a note of relief in his voice.
volumes. However, he hadn’t played what was arguably Mendelssohn’s most famous piece, and one that was specifically written for the violin: his Concerto in E Minor. It was powerful. Arresting. Beautiful. And he hadn’t played it for John yet. He didn’t know why. He knew it well enough; it had just never felt like the right time.
, John thought. The underhanded detective had a way of making ‘humiliate John’ an important part of his plans. “Sorry, I’m not going to explain to the police why I was standing in the street shouting obscenities in front of all the mums walking their children to the park. ‘My mad flatmate told me to’ is not going to hold up in court.”
Right. Sherlock was going to stay in and eat pasta tonight the same way he’d gone to the shop for milk all of those years ago. John couldn’t believe he’d fallen for it again.
“So where do you want to start?”
Sherlock walked back to the pictures on the wall.
Annoyance was clouding his face. “He went straight off with Mary; how would I see him?”
Sherlock had already grabbed a clean vial from the table. He pressed it to John’s hand, allowing the blood to run into it, waiting for the correct amount.
Mycroft. In a moment of childish regression he’d called his older brother. He had never acknowledged it, not even when he was younger, but hadn’t he always relied on Mycroft to save him from whatever scrape he got himself into? Didn’t he still?
There would be no mind games. He wasn’t Sherlock and Moran was no Moriarty. While a consulting detective and a consulting criminal might die a thousand deaths, he and Moran could each die once. They were two ordinary men. One real death each. The fate of all ordinary people.
Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows. “Yes I am.”
“Got one!” Sherlock said, eyes shining as he looked over at John from their positions flattened against the wall. “Twitch of the curtain. I don’t think she saw us though.”
Mycroft remembered watching Sherlock through the sliding glass doors as he played in the garden one day. Sherlock was running and looking behind him he noticed Redbeard struggling to keep up. Sherlock stopped abruptly. The look on his face suggested he almost, but probably not entirely, grasped the importance of the moment.
“I am perfectly trustworthy.”
“Busywork. They’re just going to say they were hired to do it—pawns in the game. I’ll be interested again when they have a lead on who hired them. I can’t do the job of every single officer at Scotland Yard.” He sneered, “Well I
Lestrade saw it in the way Sherlock—a veritable expert in blocking people from his sensory awareness—inclined his head, even just a fraction, whenever John spoke. He saw it in the way Sherlock watched John—gaze unsettlingly intense, causing whoever was on forensics to throw uncomfortable glances at each other. He saw it in Sherlock’s face whenever John complimented him. John was not the first person to tell Sherlock he was a genius, but he was the first person Sherlock had ever responded to with more than an eye roll. He heard it, internalised it, savoured it. Sherlock Holmes, who’d never given anybody the time of day, wanted John Watson’s approval.
“Indeed.”
The moment seemed eternal.
He had spent a significant amount of time musing about the way he would finally be killed. Gunshot was the most likely. And it had nearly happened that way, thanks to Mary Morstan. Poison would be fitting, considering it was his passion. But strangulation? Sherlock supposed he would have to take it.
It was more than six months before Lestrade finally caved.
“Should have been eliminated,” Sherlock corrected. “If the case hadn’t been handled by a bunch of incompetent amateurs.” He shut his laptop and re-buttoned his suit jacket as he stood. “It seems the standards for Scotland Yard were even lower than they are today, if that’s possible. I suppose in those days virtually anyone could walk in and say, ‘Good morrow old chaps, by-the-by I fancy I’ll be a detective today!’”
John shut his laptop and stood from where he’d been sitting in his chair. He unbuttoned the light blue shirt that now had a tear in the sleeve. He was wearing a white t-shirt underneath. The bottom edge of his left sleeve had absorbed some of the blood from where the bullet grazed his arm.
Curious, John walked to the gate. He looked out to where the path disappeared into the fog. He felt a pull from within him. Sherlock was right. He was supposed to go this way.
“Can’t you—?”
Oh right.
"Don't worry, dear, you just need a little more practice," she said when the dance finished and John apologised again.
He closed his eyes.
. They clouded his mind when he most needed to think clearly. What could he say? He hadn’t known any of this until now. He didn’t see things from other people’s perspectives. He’d never learned to because he’d never been interested. No one else’s perspective was as enlightened or interesting as his own, so why bother? But now, the consequence was looking at him vulnerably, with that familiar, open expression, explaining pain, the pain he’d caused.
Sherlock stopped and turned around. John had the satisfaction of watching the detective’s eyebrows leap up beneath his fringe before his face resumed its trademark nonchalance.
“Car crash,” John said. It was a grim topic but his head felt light and comfortable—could a head feel comfortable? He shook it and the room swam pleasantly.
“I’d say ‘likely,’ more than inevitable,” Lestrade amended.
Sherlock stuffed his hands into his coat pockets. “You don’t like the name?”
“According to these results he received the poison just over two weeks ago. I would estimate sometime between the seventh and the tenth of October.”
“You don’t understand anything—”
John glared out the window, half considering whether it wouldn’t be faster to get out and run.
“So, this is something that couldn’t have been resolved with a phone call? Or have you just missed me?” John asked. He remained standing with his arms folded.
He smirked; it came in all sorts of handy to have an ex-soldier with lingering homicidal tendencies living with him.
Sherlock was aware of the angry storm clouds of bruises circling his neck. He narrowed his eyes. “I’m fine. It’s just transport.”
The most he could do now was to get Sherlock to bed and try to force feed him pasta tomorrow, depending on his ability to swallow. He sighed, reflexively tightening his hold around Sherlock’s waist. Caring for a consulting detective was much more difficult than anyone would believe.
“John,” Sherlock said from his chair.
“I was a surgeon, in a war, Mary. I know bullet wounds. I had one myself. Or did you forget? You missed his heart by less than an inch—that’s still a fatal shot nine times out of ten.
Sherlock grinned.
hospital room. Give me one reason why I shouldn’t get her one.”
“John—”
He leaned down, sliding his hip down to lower himself. His eyes swept Sherlock’s face, beautiful in the half-dark. Lightly, he pressed his lips to Sherlock’s. They were soft, partly open, perfect. John shut his eyes and kissed him again, wanting the firm pressure to answer Sherlock’s question.
“Mmhmm,” Sherlock had agreed.
“How we can get him to take off his trousers for us.” He intertwined his fingers and squinted at the page.
“We’ll find him,” Sherlock said.
He leaned back in his chair and rubbed his hand over his brow. It was almost one o’clock in the morning and he still had a lot of work to do, but Sherlock’s call gave him pause.
The morning had started off well enough, waking up in Emily’s bed, getting up gently so as not to wake her, slipping into the kitchen to start the kettle, then one text from Sherlock and all thoughts of coffee evaporated.
“Oh, do you want a rematch? On account of your losing the last time?”
“What’s it to you if I go or stay?”
John waited, aware of Sherlock’s sinewy form beneath him. He kept his eyes on his face, pale irises striking beneath dark hair, beautiful, somehow no less so for the red smudge darkening the porcelain skin just below Sherlock’s right cheekbone where John had hit him. The air was cold around them as the afternoon faded toward evening, but though John was only wearing his rugby shorts and shirt his muscles were warm from the game and his skin was hot from the energy pulsing beneath it. His bare knees were pressing softly into the grass on either side of Sherlock’s waist.
The two boys had been irreconcilably different from the start. Even their appearances reflected their opposing personalities. Mycroft had perfectly straight, auburn hair and stoic grey eyes. He rarely cried as a baby, and as a young child concealing his feelings was more natural than expressing them. He learned rules quickly and used them to his advantage, manipulating situations and people insidiously, surreptitiously. His handsome, straight-laced appearance and his mastery of social etiquette made him very charming and very likely to get what he wanted. On the other hand Sherlock’s wild black curls and bright, multicoloured irises suggested a kind of chaos that his personality never failed to live up to.
Mary straightened her posture. “I have the papers. They sent them to the house.” She drew an envelope out of her purse.
There was silence on the other end of the line.
for the fun of it, no.”
“Delightful chap”—Moran took a thin black box out of his jacket pocket—“Genius man.”
John looked down and was surprised to see a small gash in his skin through the ripped fabric of his sleeve where the bullet had grazed him. He hadn’t felt it at all. “It’s fine,” he said quickly, looking up at Sherlock who was surprisingly pale for someone who was almost regularly shot at. “Come on, let’s check him,” John said, starting to turn. Sherlock let him go reluctantly.
Sherlock whirled around brushing his eyes furiously. “I am not!”
“Never trust a beheading; you never know whose head you’re missing.”
“When she shot me in the chest.”
Sherlock’s response was amused. “John, while as usual your opinion of me is very flattering, you forget that though I may be godlike in many ways, I am not actually omnipotent. My mind’s capacity, while still much greater than yours, is in fact limited. I only use that capacity for information which is actually important. Yes, actually important, don’t give me that look.”
“Why? Why would someone do that? Why Karina?”
“It was one possibility that occurred to me. Confirmed when I saw that,” Sherlock replied, pointing to the roof just above the dead man’s alley-facing window. John looked up and saw a large hook secured there.
to figure it out. I’m shocked. I heard you were some sort of master of observation. But John’s had the poison for—what is it?—nine days now? And you didn’t notice? Really, I thought you cared about him more than that. But perhaps you don’t.”
His mad flatmate had already slammed the bathroom door shut by the time John sat up.
“Yeah, I’ll see those guys some other time.”
Sherlock’s face darkened. “I wouldn’t know.”
John was Sherlock’s biggest weakness, according to the criminal world. And they were right. They’d confirmed it more than once with Semtex and American agents with guns and fire. They were right.
He was like BBC News if BBC News were a bad-tempered flatmate who stole your chips off your plate and occasionally burned the curtains.
“This is John Watson,” Sherlock replied. “He’s my partner.”
“Great, thanks,” John said, taking bag of pills.
“Shocking.”
“Sure, I’ve got a photographic memory haven’t I. I’ll text them to you.”
," Sherlock insisted. He twisted in the cab seat, putting his hands on John's shoulders and sitting him up straight.
He walked straight to the lifts and pressed the button for the parking garage. Besides the button for the lobby it was the only one that didn’t require a keycard to make the lift work: a trick he’d learned from Sherlock.
"D'you mind?" John muttered sleepily.
Then he remembered with a start that Sherlock had, in fact, thrown
how many times was he going to underestimate the man who currently had him pinned on his back in the grass? Sherlock could feel the tension in John’s muscles at the points where their bodies were in contact. John Watson. The blond-haired, blue-eyed doctor who’d looked Sherlock’s demons in the eyes and eliminated them with a steady hand. There was no question about John’s place. It was at his side.
“Sherlock, that was—that was amazing. I’ve never seen—what
John was staring at Sherlock in amazement.
“It’s because of John, er, Dr. Watson—I should have said. Sherlock won't tell me what's happened, but he's trying to invent a new drug.”
Sherlock used his considerable strength to whip the chair directly at him. John managed to leap back just in time, and a loud BANG reverberated through the alley as the chair slammed into the metal skip.
“Well, I do.”
“Thank you for the vote of confidence,” Sherlock said flatly.
John cleared his throat. “Erm, he’s right, actually,” he said to Mrs. Hudson. “I barely managed my wedding dance, and if I did it was only because he taught me—”
“No.”
“Wait, this doesn’t mean you have to leave, does it? There are fifteen minutes left. We’re going to win, you can’t—”
Back downstairs Sherlock stretched out on the couch, soil research abandoned for the moment. It was the first nightmare, as far as Sherlock could deduce (and that was pretty far) that John had had since moving to Baker Street. John's nightmares had been placeholders for the real danger John needed to keep him steady. At Baker Street there was no need for nightmares.
“All right, all right, Jesus,” he said, making his way to the bathroom. “You know, I—” The door slammed and Sherlock was gone. John sighed and looked at his reflection. Six a.m. One should never look at one’s reflection at six a.m.
“You will get out of my way or I will put you out of my way.” The detective’s words were dripping with venom.
Sherlock blinked at his brother, the room was swimming before him, circles and pricks of light dotted his vision.
There were ten other men in the chairs around the platform. Some were cheering and clapping and talking animatedly amongst each other. A few sat sipping drinks, an unpleasantly predatory look on their faces as they watched the woman gyrating in front of them.
He kept his words deadly even. “Take a swim, Moriarty.”
“I suppose we could—Wait, is that—”
"Is it different at different levels?"
“I was angry,” John said by way of explanation.
“Dirty trick, John,” he spat.
“Yeah, I always”—he cleared his throat—“I’ve always liked your face.”
Sherlock's mind raced through memories from when they’d lived together. John making late night runs to the twenty-four-hour fish and chips place near their flat, nudging the chips toward Sherlock until he was absently picking at them while he worked. John's curious habit of leaving out plates of fruit and vegetables. Were they all for him? Did he eat them? He supposed he did, a bit, sometimes. Was all the tossed, uneaten food worth whatever nutrients Sherlock might glean on the occasions he picked up a slice of apple or cucumber? John would be no poster boy for sustainability.
Sherlock pried his eyes open and looked from one arm to the other. He was vaguely surprised to see a patch on each arm. “Nope,” he said languidly, “forgot about the other one.”
“What is that supposed to mean?” John’s patience was stretched to the breaking point.
“I just, erm—”
He rubbed the back of his neck. It was
But John couldn’t think about that now. He needed to focus. How could he find Sherlock? He could be anywhere in London. Calling him wouldn’t help; if Sherlock had lied before, then he wouldn’t tell him where he was now. His only hope would be if Sherlock had talked to someone—if someone else would know where he’d gone.
“So, you’ll have to go without me.” Sherlock said, looking out across the empty lot.
“Leave, Mycroft.”
"Neil Parker had a collection of original edition action figures valued at over ten thousand pounds. Supposedly word got out and amateur burglar Stanley Howard broke into his flat. He was surprised, however, to find Parker at home when he was expected to be out. In a panic Howard shot Parker five times in the chest."
. Sherlock. Heavy breaths echoed in his ears as they broke through years of tension, years of building need: half unconscious, half willfully ignored, now turned feverish.
that?”
“Yes,” she said. The skip of her eyes toward the phone had barely been visible. John couldn’t help feeling like he was in one of those dreams where you're on stage in the middle of a play and you're the only one who doesn't know the lines. She flicked aside half of his shirt with the knife and teased him with the blade. Perhaps Lestrade had a point. There
“The thought had occurred,” Sherlock said. “Anything out of the ordinary could signal his next move.”
“Does your brother have scars on his inner thighs?” Sherlock continued.
He blinked in disbelief. Mycroft had known he would come here in a crisis, and he’d left him low-tar cigarettes and a poem.
Sherlock shrugged.
“Then how do you know she’s in Berlin?”
“I’m sorry,” John said. It was his fault. He should have seen through Mary immediately. The years living with Sherlock had taught him nothing. He was an idiot.
He'd done it for John. He’d shot Magnussen to ensure Mary’s safety to protect John’s marriage. He’d done his part, upheld his vow. He’d convinced himself it was for the best. There was no need for him in a dynamic designed for two people, not three. But in the end he didn’t want to go. And he’d only had the drugs in his system to dull the pain of being torn from the one person he’d never wanted to leave.
John kept his feet moving in the right steps. Eventually he broke the eye contact by dropping his eyes lower—not to their feet, he was being good about that—but just to the level of Sherlock's mouth. And then to his neck.
His phone chimed. Numbly he looked down at it. The number was blocked and the message was short.
“Are you
“What is it?” John finally gasped.
“Someone else?”
“I’m not on the verge of anything. I’m fine.”
Moran gave him a small smile. “Quite true, quite true.”
He stepped out into the corridor and found the walls there similarly altered. John followed as Sherlock walked through the palace, inspecting his new design. It had been accomplished flawlessly. The rooms were completely dry. The water cascaded harmlessly down the walls into depths below the floor. He couldn’t believe he hadn’t thought of this before. The reason his emotions for John had caused such chaos in his mind was because there was no space for them, and they were too powerful to be locked away.
John found himself staring at the space one of the most important men in England had just occupied for more than a few seconds before he remembered to blink.
Sherlock shrugged. “Twitter. Different name, different identity, same profession, definitely her.”
“I do trust you,” Sherlock said, his voice deep with a sincerity he didn’t consciously have to summon. It was the truth, but he knew John wouldn't believe him. Not this time.
John snorted, "Oh come on. She reads the blog; she knows what you can do. You don't have to show off—”
Mycroft sent a text and a man met them in the lobby.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “I am never done doing genius things. But I suppose the motive and method of murder for all four of our victims is satisfactory for one night’s work. Just proving myself right, as usual.”
“Well,” Mrs. Hudson said indignantly, “as a matter of fact I did want to ask a favour.”
were the one that deserved lecturing for
She lowered her eyes.
Sitting at his desk he felt a dull pain in his left hip and shoulder and knew he must be sleeping on his left side on the floor. His legs were warm and his chest was warm; perhaps John had thrown a blanket over him. He stood up from the desk. He'd done enough work for the time being; he might as well wake up.
his challenge (
Sherlock held the armrests and jumped up onto his chair, sitting back on his heels. “Probably not one woman. The men who were poisoned were randomly chosen; that much is clear. There’s nothing to connect them and there’s nothing in their history that would make them targets. I would bet there are multiple women who provide the same service, but
"Thank you"—John grinned at the compliment—"I'm glad you like it."
Sherlock scowled. “Are you aware it’s traditional for people to become
“Send me a text though”—John placed Sherlock’s phone on the bedside table—“Don’t strain your voice.”
“Explain away,” Sherlock said, trying not to enjoy the rush too much. “I’ve got the rest of my life to listen.”
John told his inner operation theatre full of colleagues,
He disappeared into his living room and Sherlock smirked at John before walking in. John wondered if geniuses came in any other variety than smug.
“WHAT IS THE MINIMUM AMOUNT OF TIME A PERSON HAS TO BE DEAD FOR HIS FRIENDS TO BE UPSET ABOUT IT?”
At the moment, the most pressing consequence of John having absconded with all the magic was Sherlock's bank account. He wasn’t sure if his card hadn’t been accepted due to lack of funds or some other problem, but it was all so tedious he was loath to be bothered with it. He hadn’t logged into his bank account for years. Bank accounts were boring; keeping track of finances was insufferable. His mind was of such superior quality it could only be occupied with the most complex puzzles humankind had to offer. He couldn’t be concerned with anything as dull as money.
And then there was the way Sherlock looked at him, the way he watched him. John felt the hairs at the back of his neck prickle remembering the sharp brilliance of those exceptional eyes and the way they moved over his skin. He’d caught them lingering on him more than once at crime scenes or in reflections. John wracked his memory to think of any instance where he’d seen Sherlock look at anyone else like that, but he came up empty. Even his gaze on Irene Adler had been different, his expression suggesting something more like uncertain curiosity, grudging admiration, and intellectual appreciation than whatever it was when he looked at John. There was want there, John understood, swallowing. Nothing so obvious as lust, but undeniably more than what he’d told himself was merely the cold scrutiny of an inquisitive mind. No, the instinctive tensing of his muscles under that gaze was a reaction to the burn in the scientist’s eyes that had nothing to do with the dispassionate calculation he used on clients.
“No, look at me,” John commanded, voice low.
“My mind palace.”
“The mission was practically unmanageable, even for me,” Sherlock continued. “I didn’t want you worrying or waiting for me. I had hoped the results of my—I realise now—misguided experiment would include you finding a more pleasant way to spend those years than I did.”
Sherlock tossed the towel onto the couch. His curls, which had been wanting cutting for a while now, stuck out alarmingly and John stifled a grin. He forgot for a second that he was angry with his flatmate, who looked at the moment like a big, wet, formally dressed sheepdog. But it really was only a second because Sherlock plucked a rolled measuring tape off the table and held it out toward him.
“What do you mean?” John asked.
“My point.”
Silence.
John wondered whether he would be able to get him to eat dinner tonight. He’d just decided he’d probably have the same chance of getting Sherlock to eat a teacup when he spoke again.
“No,” Sherlock said with a grin, rising from the couch. John followed his lead. “We don’t.”
He was amazed to find that the fluttering thrill gripping him now was no less intense at thirty-four than it had been when he was fifteen. If anything it was even more powerful now, because the person sitting next to him, whose hand was still gripping his wrist as though he’d forgotten to let go, was a force stronger than any he’d ever encountered.
They were walking quickly down the street away from Tony Bauer’s flat. The night air was cold on John’s face. Sherlock tossed him his gun back. The safety was still on. Tony hadn’t known that though.
John grinned in surprise at the turn. He gave a short laugh in disbelief and Sherlock grinned back at him. John pushed himself up and walked off toward the stairs. “I’m going to get clothes,” he said, because it sounded like the best idea at the moment.
John found his thoughts cut off by Sherlock grabbing his waist and yanking him forward into a kiss. And then Sherlock’s hands were in his hair and he was biting into John’s lower lip and the flash of pleasure-pain had him amending his previous thought:
For example, according to Sherlogic it was perfectly all right that Mary had shot Sherlock because she’d also dialled the ambulance. According to Sherlogic, it was forgivable that Mary had shot Sherlock in the chest because she’d also intentionally missed his heart. According to Sherlogic, shooting someone was a valid way to avoid a confrontation with your husband.
“What?” John asked, startled. “What makes you think I’ve done that?”
Sherlock shrugged. "Then I’ll try.”
“All right,” John said, taken aback by Sherlock’s sudden sincerity. “So it’s settled then. I’ll move back in.” John finished the last swallow of whisky and set the glass down. He checked his watch; it was past eleven already. “I’ll just go unpack.” He stood up, and slung the duffel bag over his shoulder.
“Shocking,” Sherlock said, rolling his eyes at John.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. “If one is going to go mad with boredom it’s preferable to do it in one’s own living room.”
“You’re stupid, you know.”
"I'm off to do research," Sherlock said, walking toward the door and grabbing his coat.
“And the probability he’ll just answer the door in his pants…”
“She also said she left something of hers here… John works in her office, so he can return it to her tomorrow. But what was it? John do you remember?”
Sherlock had been… well, the way he was… for thirty-two years. Discounting a partial lobotomy, it just wasn’t possible that he could become the sort of person who waited in line at the bank to deposit a cheque, or paid bills, or worried about credit card debt.
“Sherlock!” Moran’s voice was pleased. “Congratulations on winning the match last night, with a little help from your friend of course. How is Dr. Watson?”
“Hi John, I’ve got this new case in Switzerland, would you like to come with me?” John said to the empty seat across from him.
John laughed. “She wants money,” he said over the music.
John thought, turning in circles as he walked to try to get a glimpse of anything through the fog that could ground him.
Sherlock walked into 221B, swinging the door shut behind him, not bothering to remove his coat or shoes.
They looked around the edges and could see a group of costumed people half walking, half stumbling directly toward them.
“The poem seems to suggest otherwise,” Sherlock countered coolly. “Exceptions to your infallible logic, dear brother?”
“He’s beautiful,” she said matter-of-factly.
Of course by that time it was far too late. But Sherlock denied it: “Involved? I’m not involved.”
He tapped on the door and by the time it opened his face had resumed its usual mask.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “How old were the patients?”
Mycroft sighed. “It’s disappointing how slow you are, little brother. Come now, try to think. Do you like the way you feel?”
She took the hint. “Can I get you anything before I go?”
John, who’d got lost at ‘should have been,’ was rather taken aback by Sherlock’s sudden impression of god knows what era he was going for.
“Sherlock.” She stood up to face him.
was all he had time to think before Moriarty’s head surfaced.
In a matter of seconds his handcuffs were opened, several unseen doors clanged shut, and suddenly he was alone with the bodyguard, who was standing between him and the door he’d originally come through.
“It was necessary to… remove him from your room. He was very much in the way of the medical proceedings.”
They turned a corner and John leaned back against the side of a building. He shook his head. “That was ridiculous.”
Lestrade remembered the junkie kid he’d met all those years ago: wild and haunted, an unmistakable aura of death around him. Lestrade would have guessed the unfortunate boy wouldn’t make it to twenty-five. And how old was Sherlock now? Thirty-two?
goddamn business what you do in your own flat.”
“We were in the neighbourhood and Kathleen asked us to drop off your work badge,” Sherlock said, drawing a white ID card out of his pocket. John looked at it in amazement. He must have nicked it from Kathleen’s living room.
was your plan?
“What do you mean a ‘ticking clock’?”
John was in the kitchen, wearing one of Sherlock’s favourite striped jumpers, putting the kettle on. He turned at the sound of the door, eyes lighting when they rested on Sherlock’s face. He was momentarily taken aback as he witnessed, in reality, the exact scene he used to play in his mind when he was away from London. He walked into the kitchen, drawn to John as though they were magnetised.
As he tuned the instrument and prepared the bow he ran over the brief exchange he’d had with John in the kitchen a moment ago. He’d been less than amused when John called himself ‘average’ and ‘boring.’ John may be a goldfish, but he was
They didn’t notice.
"Good," John said, "now come here."
Sherlock glanced away and there was a pause.
John let his eyes move over Sherlock’s sleeping form. He had almost lost him again tonight. If there really was, or could be, something between them he would have to consider it sooner rather than later.
“That’s all right. I’ll text him later.”
"Believe it or not, waltzing is a two-person activity."
"No, that's all right."
“Oh, WAKE UP!” Moriarty shouted loud enough to startle Sherlock’s eyes wider. “You
“My theory. Correct as usual.”
for a case.
John heard his teammates shouting as he neared the goal. An opponent was at his heels but there wouldn’t be enough time to catch him. John dove over the line, landing hard on his stomach with the ball firmly on the ground. A successful try.
"Did you just say you don't know why I go to work?"
When the Feelings Closet broke open it had flooded his mind palace, waves of exiled memories shuddering the very foundation of it, impulses ripping through and upending the meticulous organisation of his mind.
He’d gotten two words and one letter back.
out of all people— But what was it Sherlock was always saying to him?
“But—” Mary started.
“Try to sleep,” John said, keeping his voice low.
It was close to three-thirty in the morning when Sherlock’s eyes flew open. He had dozed off sitting up in bed with the laptop balanced on his legs. He estimated, considering the screensaver and battery level, that he’d been asleep for about an hour.
“What?” the driver snapped. “Can’t I just what? Use my mental bloody superpowers to clear the streets?”
"Sherlock," John snapped the warning as the girl's expression changed to horror.
“It’s a nice feeling, isn’t it?”
Sherlock groaned as the weight hit him and glared up at John. “Was that necessary?”
victim, David Rodgers, has a strange pattern of scarring all across his thighs? No? Did you know that there have been two other corpses this month with the same kind of scarring? Did you know
Sherlock kept his face blank, but his eyes burned through the man in front of him.
And there was still the possibility of coincidence. Though it rankled, he couldn’t completely rule it out. If men were dropping dead around London with scars on their thighs it wasn’t out of the realm of possibility that two of them could end up in the same funeral home. Whatever the truth turned out to be, their morning client was an innocuous component.
(See the end of the chapter for
Too deep, yes; too close to his core: a dark, shadowy depth where primal thoughts lurked—dangerous thoughts his conscious mind had nothing to do with. That the
“So you think there’s a woman like Adler out there who you can pay to play Guantanamo Bay with you.”
“You’ve accomplished a great many things since
He turned from the door and allowed himself a moment to sink into the wall.
But Sherlock wasn’t paying attention. A phone had materialised in the hand that wasn’t gripping John’s. “Excellent!” he shouted looking at the screen. And he started laughing.
“Where did you get this?” John turned it over in his hands.
"That's right!" Hannah smiled, apparently willing to ignore that half of what Sherlock said was rather insulting. She had frozen with her purse on her lap and was gazing at the detective. She seemed to have forgotten what she was doing as she witnessed, John assumed, her favourite character in action. But receiving no reciprocal smile she quickly resumed digging in her purse. She pulled out her phone.
But there was no disapproval in Sherlock’s expression. In fact, if anything he looked faintly impressed. While John normally savoured the rare instances he could impress the consulting detective, he was in no mood to appreciate it now.
foot," Sherlock said.
“Everyone.”
Sherlock had more or less resigned himself to the tides of life-long addiction, struggling to the shore for periods of sobriety before being swept out again. He’d had a good run, after the episode with Lestrade, but he could feel his will to remain sober ebbing, the drag of the tide calling him back to depths that blurred hours, days, and weeks. The inevitable overdoses that someone would either pull him back from or they wouldn’t. He’d been lucky so far, he knew that. He also knew there would be a day when his luck would run out. But he found himself caring less and less as tedious time dulled even the thrill of the cases. Without drugs it was all
“Scotch, neat,” John said. He knew it would probably be better to order something he hadn’t been consuming excessively the night before, but his hangover had been his fault, not the whisky’s. Scotch was by far his favourite drink and he wasn’t about to let one bad morning ruin their relationship.
Voices like memory.
“I need to tell Lestrade—”
of all places.
“No, I’m not—” Molly started. “I just came to tell you you can stay. I guess the hospital’s records must have been changed because Mary’s name isn’t on the clearance list anymore. Only yours is now.”
didn’t want Redbeard to die. So why am I not crying?”
“I am misunderstood,” Sherlock announced, flopping onto his back on the couch.
Lethargically, with none of his usual exactness of movement, Sherlock produced his phone from his pocket. He typed and John’s phone chimed.
John looked up, giving him a small smile.
John peeled his eyes open, brain rebelling at being dragged from sleep so early. Noise. Veritable racket. Danger? Battle? He rolled to his left and groaned. No,
was his brother’s reaction? No wonder Sherlock was… the way he was. With an older brother like that, Sherlock seemed overflowing with affection by comparison.
“Phone, in my pocket. Jacket not coat.”
John said, “is Sherlock.”
Sherlock flinched inwardly but kept his face impassive. There was no one better at suppressing emotion. With twenty-three years of practice it came to him naturally; no thought, no effort required.
Images and impressions, everything he had banished from his conscious mind was being swept at him in the flood. It was all he could do to catch bits and pieces of each thought.
But to John’s surprise Sherlock continued in a rush of words, “No, I haven’t got used to living here alone. Everything’s a mess, there’s no room for my microscopes, the fridge is only suitable for cannibals, and my debit card doesn’t work when you’re not here.”
“Sherlock, she’s not in Berlin; she’s dead. Terrorists got to her in Pakistan. Mycroft said he was absolutely certain.”
But hadn’t he remembered John’s hand in his hair? John wrapping his arm around him when he had climbed into John’s bed? No, but he was dreaming. He was asleep then.
“I’ll go,” Sherlock said, crossing his arms and half-sitting on the arm of his chair.
“I’m really sorry, but I have to—”
Sherlock had scrutinised the corpse Molly wheeled out for him that morning: David Rodgers—the corpse from the alley, but unclothed this time, allowing him to do a more thorough examination than he had been able to do on the street. He’d texted the photos on to John at his surgery. There was nothing particularly noteworthy about the body—thirty-five years old, fit, a regular runner judging by his muscle tone—except his thighs. On the otherwise unmarked, un-tattooed, unblemished skin, thin silver scars latticed the man's inner thighs. In a word: Odd.
Mrs. Hudson's heart melted.
Sherlock glanced up at her before looking back at his screen. “Really.”
“Well, I suppose I’d better leave you to it,” Mrs. Hudson said reluctantly. “Don’t worry about Mary,” she added. “She’ll come round. But in the meantime I’m glad to have you back. Especially if you can do something about this mess.”
“I’ll make a call.”
He looked down at the couch. John touched his wrist and his eyes flicked up. The warning in John’s expression told Sherlock he must have been making a face.
He lifted himself up off of his detective (a certain section of his mind kicking and screaming in protest) and stood. He offered his hand to Sherlock, who took it, and once he was standing the flush around his neck was even more apparent, and even more appealing, and John had to remind himself of the effort it had taken to get them both upright to prevent him from knocking Sherlock back down.
“Wow; that’s incredible. How do you do that?”
“I can go as fast as the traffic goes.” The driver’s tone was dripping with condescension. He glanced in the rear-view mirror, taking in John’s uniform. “What are you, late for the war?”
was his first thought. And then,
John’s head was bent over his and he was looking intensely into Sherlock’s face. He was still using a significant amount of pressure to hold him in place, though Sherlock had stopped resisting a while ago. John’s back was to the edge of the cliff, and behind him the sun was sinking into the water, leaving the sky scorched in its wake. It lit John’s hair, burning it red-gold.
“Transmission through saliva, yes," Sherlock said without looking up. He added offhandedly, "I didn't know it would make you fall over."
“Thank you.”
"It's not complicated," Sherlock said. He'd taken off his suit jacket and unbuttoned the top of his shirt. John was considerably more awful at this than he had anticipated.
When Sherlock finally sank the needle beneath his skin with practiced skill—the prick of pain like a welcome home—it had nothing to do with fear. He cared nothing about the mission he’d been sent to die on, and Mycroft was right (for all of his brother’s infuriating ways of existing, he was right). It was infinitely preferable to die on the field than it was to rot in a prison cell. Sherlock knew himself well enough to know he wouldn’t survive a prolonged jail sentence: the torture of boredom without the relief of The Work, and the drugs low quality and hard to come by—his brain would tear itself to pieces. It would break him. He would be unrecognisable by the end of it, and no matter how quickly Mycroft managed to negotiate parole, there would be nothing left of him worth salvaging.
Sherlock peeled off his own and dropped down onto the couch to unlace his shoes. Something caught John’s attention and he walked to stand in front of Sherlock, who looked up at him with questioning eyes.
leaning on you. You are leaning on
He snapped his attention back to what he was doing, which, unfortunately, was touching Sherlock’s bare chest. Sherlock ran his thumb over John’s old wound, and John realised the ever-curious detective must be just as interested in John’s scar as John was in his. John knew Sherlock had seen it from time to time when they had lived together, but never—John didn’t recollect—inspected it closely or touched it. John knew his own scar well enough by now. An ugly red marring that he had accepted would never fade, tracing out to white and silver around the edges.
Really it
John clenched and unclenched his hands. "Sorry, it's not your fault I'm complete rubbish at this pissing stupid fucking bollocks arsehole
Sherlock was playing again when John re-entered the living room. He coughed in attempt to swallow his pride. He was going to wear the suit tonight, and any other occasion that could possibly warrant it.
Sherlock’s eyes flashed toward his flatmate. Dizzy spell evidently passed, John was sitting up now, looking at Sherlock with concern.
“She left a few years after he started school. I’m sure our parents would have kept her on longer”—Mycroft scoffed—“I’m sure they would have kept her on through his university years. But she had made arrangements to return to the Czech Republic. He cried when she left. He spoke nothing but Czech for a week in protest, believing our parents were responsible for sending her away. I was the only one who could talk to him then. I hadn’t spent much time with the nanny, but as a precaution I learned the language as soon as Sherlock started to speak it.”
And just because John was a doctor didn't guarantee he would take care of himself properly. He probably wouldn't even have looked at the cut until later that night. Idiot.
A fate worse than death and it was entirely preventable, he realised in time when the wound wasn’t so raw and cold logic could soothe the burning pain. It was really quite simple. If one never fell in love, one would never experience such suffering. Because people were not permanent. People could be ripped away at a moment’s notice. Cancer, a missed red light, a spontaneously rupturing blood vessel, a random act of violence.
The people at the dry cleaning service considered him the world’s best boyfriend and he’d given up trying to correct them. The clothes were clearly not his size and he had no other way to explain regularly picking up another man’s laundry. No one would understand the ‘my flatmate is a spoilt prat who, while being the world’s most genius detective, is actually incapable of managing basic adult tasks’ explanation.
He sinks to his knees. Graceful, always graceful. (He must have spent hours walking round with books balanced on his head when he was a child. It’s the only explanation.) His long, delicate fingers move nimbly over the body, never fumbling; undoing buttons, turning up sleeves—a smirk: a theory of his confirmed—turning down the collar, pulling shirt free from trousers. He hikes up the shirt to inspect the stab wound. A wider smirk, he knows what’s happened here.
The sight of him, on the edge of the table, looking at him like that—it triggered something deep within his core: a primal instinct that made him want to grab Sherlock’s hair and force him back, kiss him and bite him and claim him in a way John was sure no one had before. There was a certain wiring in his brain that wanted to shove Sherlock down now and have at him until both of their visions blurred.
"Of course," Hannah said, readjusting her purse on her shoulder. "Erm, good luck with everything. Bye then," she said giving John a final glance around Sherlock before exiting the flat.
“Why?” John asked, obediently following his favourite detective down the hallway.
They sank to the ground, Sherlock’s arms around him. He reached up, holding on to Sherlock’s jacket—where was his coat? Wasn’t it cold? John didn’t know; he couldn’t feel; it wasn’t important. He relaxed into the detective’s embrace. He was tired, so tired. His vertigo made the street slant and tilt precariously beneath them.
Moriarty—his brain’s representation of its own weaknesses—with the gun on his tongue, sinking down, lower, until he was looking up at Sherlock, barrel of the gun in his mouth… Even Sherlock didn’t need a Viennese analyst to read the meaning in that image.
“So we’ll add it to the list of your failed experiments then,” John said finally, and when he looked over Sherlock was startled to see what looked like mirth in his eyes. How could one human being, with such specific and sturdy shoulders and knees and hands, be so complicated? Wasn’t John just swearing furiously at him and knocking him to the ground? Wasn’t he just vulnerable, admitting how broken he’d been? Could he really be amused now? Sherlock had a much better understanding of corpses than he did of people.
John couldn’t help smiling as he followed Sherlock quickly out the door and down the stairs. Actually he liked the name Waffles for a corgi. It was fittingly absurd. He liked dogs as much as he hated cats, but knew he would never dream of bringing another living thing into 221B. John grimaced at the thought of the experiments Sherlock wouldn’t be able to resist.
The corner of Sherlock’s mouth twitched at the memory. John wasn’t afraid of Moriarty. So what was it?
“Indeed,” was Mycroft’s response. “It'll be taken care of.” The line went silent and John frowned. Of course he hadn’t expected a pat on the back from the elder Holmes, but sometimes, even after all these years, he was still taken aback by Mycroft’s coldness.
Ok, now *lifts hands and backs slowly away from murderous mob* um, let’s just remember that this mind palace thing was an unresolved issue that did need to be addressed… Um, there are still two chapters left… please still read them?
“I haven’t seen him since—”
And of course there was always Cluedo.
“You could tell me more of your psychology,” Sherlock offered. “I’m sure I won’t last long.”
Sherlock took a few seconds to scan his record of conversations with John. He concluded with certainty, “I never said that.”
“Right, fine,” John said and Sherlock’s eyes narrowed dangerously.
“No, I didn’t do that, no,” he admitted through a grin.
“I expected to be staying here by myself. I expected a nice, peaceful holiday,” John said as Sherlock walked away from him toward the stairs.
John's eyes were heavy and Sherlock's warmth, his slow and steady breathing, was lulling him back to sleep. But what to do about the current flatmate tangle situation? John knew if he moved at all Sherlock would wake. He assumed this was not a desirable outcome, considering his knowledge of consulting detectives not to be the cuddliest sort.
Sherlock could see why Moriarty liked them. The consulting criminal had always been living in some nightmarish version of Wonderland. An obsession with fairy tales—his twisted mind.
Years ago, when they’d first moved in, John had tried to impress upon her the importance of privacy. But each time she would nod emphatically and insist that she quite agreed, and then continue to walk in and out of 221B unannounced. John had given up after some time, simply glad to have his bedroom on the second floor.
“Mary!” Molly said sharply.
John pressed the button for the nurse. He had to get out of here. Now. He needed to get back to Baker Street. He needed to wrap his arms around his detective and never let him go.
. Sherlock hastily redirected his attention back down to the violin case.
From his position in the doorway it seemed clear to John that Sherlock was not going to respond anytime soon. Taking advantage of his friend's paralysis he said, “Ok, I’ll just come in then.”
John was like a soldier in Kevlar: His ability to withstand Sherlock’s outbursts must be medal-worthy.
“What?” the seven-year-old Mycroft asked defensively. “What do you want?”
At first he couldn’t hear individual words, but then they came through in snatches. The word ‘idiot,’ and the word ‘stupid.’ John almost laughed, shaking his head in disbelief. He was probably lying in a coma somewhere and Sherlock was calling him an idiot. It figured.
“I’m not as patient as you are.”
Kissing Sherlock was like nothing he had ever experienced. How could a person with such hard angles have such soft lips? His coat and hair smelled like the night air, cold and sharp. John let his tongue graze the edge of Sherlock’s lips and Sherlock parted them for him, allowing John to slip his tongue inside, meeting Sherlock’s and feeling a heady rush at the taste of him. The scent of him, the taste—it was overpowering and he needed more; he had to get closer though there wasn’t any space between them. He found himself undoing Sherlock’s suit jacket and running his hands up his sides and around to his back.
“It might not happen. But in any case you should know that Reeves has murdered almost a hundred people, both criminal and innocent, and would continue to do so. He’s not a person to trouble one’s conscience over.”
“Yes, yes, you are always ‘simply.’ Everything is simple with you, isn’t it? It must be so bright and clear inside that simple head of yours. A cloud drifts past, birds sing, a butterfly flutters by…”
“It’s all about balance,” Mycroft explained breezily. “Sherlock is bound to be displeased with me for sending him home the other night. However, if I send you home early the balance is restored.”
It began with silence. Unless Sherlock was lost in deep concentration, the detective filled nearly every waking hour with monologues of thought, complaints, musings, insults—he had a snarky response for anyone brave enough to direct a comment his way (anything ranging from the standard “obviously” to his more creative flourishes, e.g. “you lower the IQ of the whole street”). He could outlive god trying to have the last word. But there was one significant exception. From the very start, Sherlock had never once corrected the dozens of people who'd assumed he and John were a couple. The silence in those moments—the entirely uncharacteristic lack of snide remark—was strange enough to lodge itself at the periphery of John’s awareness. Sherlock lived and breathed just to correct people, yet not even
“Seriously?”
“Yes,
She reached John’s room just a moment after Sherlock.
“I don’t know, maybe one o’clock? He said he’d had too much to drink and wanted a ride home. So I took Amy with me and we went to pick him and his mate up from some strip club or whatever ridiculous place.”
Irene Adler was gay. She was living with a woman when they met her; she liked women. But she’d fallen in love with Sherlock. And she had assumed that John, straight, had done the same. She was gay and he was straight, but
For a moment Sherlock looked broken, like a shattered window, gaping and hollow, but it vanished in an instant as his face resumed its blank exterior.
“Where is he? They said he was here last night.”
“Sherlock,” John said, and Sherlock stopped and turned to look at him. Bright eyes, brighter than anything else around them. Blood ran down his neck staining his white shirt. “God, why do you wear such expensive shirts all the time? It’s not
He laid his head on his elbow on the side of the bed and continued to hold John’s wrist, fingers resting on his pulse point. He willed the steady beating of John’s heart to drive back the frenzy of thoughts that were gathering on the periphery of his mind—buzzing, angry, black swarms of thoughts. He knew he wouldn’t have the strength to keep them back this time. And he knew they would tear him apart.
Mrs. Hudson giggled again and Sherlock slatted his eyes at her, as though his current position as a pillow were her fault. But when he looked back at John his expression softened.
John suddenly found swallowing difficult as he understood that unquestionably it was. Whatever uncertainty had previously been lurking around the question had fallen away in the dream. When Sherlock told John he loved him, John’s heart had skipped a beat; the veil of fog in his mind lifted and he knew absolutely it was what he had unconsciously been wishing, wanting, needing to hear all the time. There had been no need for hesitation when he told Sherlock he loved him too.
John stared at Sherlock’s older brother. “Really?”
Billy drifted in and out, sticking around for a while to help weigh and measure chemicals. He was surprisingly handy in the lab—Molly knew he had a background in making drugs—and he was actually a better than fair chemist. This, though, was out of his league. It was out of Molly’s league. She expected it would be out of anyone’s league if it were at the limit of Sherlock’s.
“Maybe just a bit of olive oil—” John froze. He had turned around to find Sherlock standing directly behind him, eyes none the less piercing for his lacking nutrition.
” he said louder. “
“Your incomprehension of something does not make it insane,” Sherlock said, coming to stand in front of him. “Are you planning to sit there all day?”
He held the phone up over Sherlock, scrolling through his contacts for Lestrade when he felt Sherlock’s hand on his arm. He looked down. Sherlock’s eyes were still closed.
“Taylor?” John muttered to Sherlock as they crossed the crowded floor, knowing he wouldn’t be heard over the music.
Lestrade thought he saw something flash behind Mycroft’s eyes, but then they were empty as he said, “I had hoped we were beyond this particular brand of Sherlock’s nonsense, but I see now it was an overestimation. Good evening, Detective Inspector.”
Each time Sherlock entered it was clear that the warmth was emanating from John rather than the radiator, a mind palace defect perhaps, but the closer he moved toward John the warmer he felt, until he was standing directly in front of him and John would look up and the glow of his hair under the kitchen light and the brightness of his expression were enough to illuminate even the darkest places Sherlock found himself during those two years.
It was midnight. The thoughts were relentless. Hours and hours. They tore at him. He was nauseous. He couldn’t breathe. He hadn’t let go of John’s wrist. John’s pulse was the only thing anchoring him in the torrent of vicious abuse. The steady pulse reminded him there was hope, a way out of the all-consuming dark.
John looked up and saw her mouth pressed to a thin line.
John shook his head, thinking of the cameras and the security guards and the money paid. “That's not how I want to be kissed.”
John turned from where he was walking into the kitchen and Sherlock realised there was no concrete formation of words present in his mind to produce a following sentence. He regrouped quickly.
“You really didn’t realise…? You didn’t...?” John trailed off as he became aware he was speaking out loud. He turned his head back to the sky.
“Cab.”
your honour right back in that house and lock the door. There’ll be nothing left but the soles of your shoes by tomorrow morning.”
“Don’t think this is over,” Mary flung the words back at him as Molly steered her toward the door.
“Don’t they think it’s weird that there are two of us for one ‘appointment’?”
He rolled his shoulders to stretch them and sighed. As always in these situations Lestrade wished he had something more useful he could at least appear to be doing, rather than helplessly waiting on Sherlock’s every whim. As the years went by it had become more and more tempting to just throw in the towel and bring a book to the crime scenes. But he hadn’t given up yet. Each time he allowed Sherlock free reign of an area, he crossed his arms and managed to maintain his dignity by snapping at Sherlock to hurry up and barking orders at everyone else.
Was there a word to describe Sherlock Holmes standing on a corner in slanted streetlight? Both ‘hero’ and ‘villain’ vied for the spot but neither fit. He looked like something from out of John’s dream, was what it was. One of those dreams when John had woken up in Mary’s bed panting, as though he’d been running through London with Sherlock all night, the detective’s face lingering before him as the sunlight of reality swept the dream away. The scene was breathtaking in its own right—it always had been, each night-time hunt when John glanced over at the detective and saw the play of gold light and shadow across Sherlock’s features—something he'd spent two years thinking he'd lost forever. It was here, now, overwhelmingly close, almost painfully real, and John found the words blurring in his mind as he took in the heat of Sherlock's eyes on him and the arrogant authority of his stance.
Mycroft had been certain for so many years that Sherlock would avoid this. His reaction to Irene Adler’s death should have been the worst of it—a mere bump in the road: something unpleasant but far from unmanageable. That was how death should be: A minor disruption; sincere condolences; nothing more.
"Erm, sure, I mean, if you don't mind…"
and you don’t even try to take care of them.”
“Are you investigating her death?” she continued. “Is that typical for car accidents?”
“Can I quote you on that?” John asked, opening his laptop.
She scrambled for her purse under Sherlock's icy stare, and John took comfort in knowing that if she was indeed a regular reader of his blog, at least she couldn't be caught off guard by Sherlock's behaviour.
“Saturday. You missed it.”
He leaned back against the pillar, hand on his gun against the small of his back. He was dizzy now. He hoped the spell would clear in time to get a good shot at Moran. He only needed one good shot.
John was wearing trainers, dark grey jogging bottoms and a navy hoodie, which was unzipped, revealing a white Barts t-shirt underneath. The circles under his eyes had been erased by several nights of good rest, and his blond hair was glowing bright in the low sunlight. In a flash Sherlock saw him as he must have looked ten years ago, a university student in rugby training wear, before Afghanistan, before him, and before Mary.
test results weren’t the problem, were they? I wasn’t the one who upset Mummy.”
Drugs, Jesus Christ, why now? What had happened last night at the cemetery to make him tear off like that? To make him look for drugs again? As angry as he was with Billy, a small perhaps more rational part of him knew that if Sherlock had made up his mind he would get what he wanted, regardless of whether Billy helped him or not.
It took a while and some effort for John to tear his eyes away from Sherlock long enough to take out his phone to send a text.
John stepped forward with his left foot and they moved through the paces. John, either not understanding Sherlock's incoherent ramblings or disregarding them, looked directly into his eyes again. Sherlock was better prepared this time and he held his gaze firmly.
“My apologies for the mess,” Moran said. “I’m afraid they reneged on our previous contract and, well, you know, business is business.”
"Your hands smell like latex."
“Relax, you’re doing fine.”
“Be dead then. Just don’t be
“My life is a mess, you know that. I haven’t had anything I could give anyone in a long time. So, please, do me a favour and just let me say this. I want to feel like I’ve done something right for you, for once.”
“No,” he said, shaking his head. “No, Sherlock, I am not going to stand here between these posh flats yelling the word ‘twat.’”
John slept on and off for the next few days, vaguely aware of Sherlock moving around the flat like a shadow. He never slept, as far as John could tell. He was engrossed in some experiment involving singed hair—not his, John was relieved to learn when he stumbled out of bed at the acrid smell and found Sherlock’s head not on fire.
Mycroft, Sherlock had discovered later, had known what he was up to from the start, having recognised the connection between the expiration dates on his cards and Sherlock’s ‘impromptu’ visits. What had they always said about coincidence?
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. "You—did you want to carry on?"
“The logic,” Mycroft said sharply, “has nothing to do with pretending not to have fallen in love once one has already done so.”
“Just gave him something to help him sleep. He should be up by this evening.”
“Really. And what was your bet?”
She started to speak but hesitated, pulling at the cuff of her sleeve. “Do you think,” she said slowly, “that John divorced Mary because he’s in love with you?”
He didn’t need drugs when he had John. Only the certainty of losing him—the private plane that would take him to Eastern Europe and never bring him back—had made him reach for his syringe again. And now… If he lost John now...
It was true some part of him wanted to give up and give over all the space he had in his mind to John. That, perhaps, had been the part of him responsible for the decision to kiss his doctor so recklessly today. But a stronger part of him knew that if he let go of his mind palace he would lose himself, which meant losing everything John admired about him. A Catch-22. But there must be a solution. He had to be able to reason his way out.
“Text from Lestrade.” Sherlock’s eyes flashed. “Murder
“It’s heroin,” he gasped, acutely familiar with the sensation. “That’s more than I’d normally take but unless you’ve laced it with something it’s not enough to kill me.”
John whipped his head around. Sherlock was there, standing off to the side of the field, leaning against the pole of one of the lights that illuminated the park at night. His breath caught and he had to consciously exhale to keep it steady.
Sherlock flexed his fingers in his pockets, suddenly craving a cigarette the way he hadn't in a while. In truth the only thing preventing him from smoking one now was the fact that he didn't have one. Sometimes the simplest solutions are the most effective.
“Yeah, I was,” John said, looking at Sherlock seriously. “
“Come with me”—Sherlock offered John his hand again—“I’ll explain when I have the complete results.”
I choose to work as a GP instead of a surgeon? Because of
The next evening John was in Ireland, standing on a path at the edge of the famous, western-facing Cliffs of Moher looking out at the most spectacular sunset he may have ever seen. The stunning view accomplished everything he’d hoped it would. London and liars seemed far away and unimportant as he watched the sun sink into the water and light the clouds like fire. There were bigger, more incomprehensible things in the world than any of his current problems. He allowed this understanding to wash over him, and he felt at peace.
Sherlock started, almost dropping the bow, when he saw John in the doorway.
Pause.
He willed John to hear the question in the words borrowed from long ago.
“Oh,” John said a little awkwardly, half turning from where he’d been watching the kettle. “I was going to meet Mike and the Barts group at the pub tonight.”
“You know what I didn’t like about Mary?”
“They want another few days for observation, but I negotiated an option for you to be discharged today with the necessary supplies to maintain an outpatient status.”
There was something dark and dangerous in Sherlock. People called him a sociopath. Molly didn’t know what he was capable of, but Mary was undoubtedly going to find out if she continued to stand between him and John.
"Look up," he said to his dance partner who hadn't stopped watching their feet since they'd begun.
But then John was a man comprised of contradictions, and Sherlock couldn’t resist contradictions. The man who walked into the lab that day was a left-handed doctor who’d learned to shoot with his right. A soldier and a doctor: a killer and a healer. A man who limped from a shoulder wound: a backward trauma that caused him to literally ache for the war, an outward manifestation mirroring Sherlock's own internal damage. Of course he’d known the cure.
do it, because John would not die. Sherlock was the best goddamn chemist in England and the unrivalled bloody expert on poisons. He could do this. He had to.
There was a flash of something in Sherlock’s eyes and he grinned. “Good,” he said. He dropped John’s gaze and John was surprised to see him hesitate for a moment. He looked back up at John for a second before turning away.
“Right,” John said flatly.
John had relaxed considerably from when they started. Sherlock could feel the tension easing in the muscles across his back. John was not overtly muscular, although in the t-shirt his muscles were noticeably defined. He'd known John was strong—he'd certainly received enough evidence the night John knocked him over in a restaurant. The doctor was in good shape, and he could feel the strength in the grip on his back and the sturdiness of his shoulders.
John stood up restlessly. If he was going to die he wanted to do something worthwhile with the time he had left. Before he could think better of it he sent a text to Mycroft.
“Do you really not know that I’m bloody insane?” John hissed. “I don’t want a normal life, Sherlock. What I want is to follow you straight up to the gates of Hell and die fighting whatever meets us there."
Moran walked out of the building and returned a moment later accompanied by what looked like a bodybuilder.
Magical John selfishly taking all of his magic with him, callously insensible to the consequences it would have on others…
Those incredibly distinctive eyes were as exceptional and enigmatic as their owner. Arresting verdigris tinged with darker green in some areas, greyer blue in others, and spots of bright gold flecked throughout. As a doctor John recognised this as partial heterochromia iridis, a not entirely uncommon condition which causes multicoloured irises. But as a person who was often on the receiving end of Sherlock’s renowned Piercing Stare it was difficult not to be mystified by the colours. The irises seemed to have changed every time he looked at them, like something in a dream that can’t be held by memory; something fluid and shifting. It was frustrating. Several times John had even missed part of what Sherlock was lecturing (or shouting) about due to his suspicion that Sherlock’s eyes had changed again.
