“Is this how you treat your friends, Cap? Throw yourself out of tall buildings, hoping they’ll catch you—“
Her eyes narrowed. “For an amateur, he is doing very well speaking to you,” she said. “Tell me, Stark, have you ever experienced telepathic connections before?”
Steve looked back out at the water again, and took a breath. “Is everyone in the military like him, nowadays?”
Clint shot him a look. “You mean to say that all that time you were riding around with him, he didn’t once consider just staying back there?”
It took seven tests before Helen said okay to the port system into the Cradle. “There are still a number of unknowns,” she warned. “Particularly about what sort of body you’ll end up in at the end of the process. It would take a staff of at least twenty technicians and a few years to actually study the binding system of femto-particles.”
Tony came up to him and stood very close, before deliberately placing his hand along Steve’s jaw. Steve held very still, and tried to force himself not to flush. He doubted he succeeded.
“Keeper!” the herald spat, struggling to right himself, but Natasha raised her hand, and the swords he’d been carrying flew out of his hands and into hers.
“Well, have some toast first, give you some fuel to go on,” Jim advised, his tone brooking no argument. Pepper could kiss him.
“Buy me some time,” Natasha said. “We’ll try and head this all off at the pass—no one likes universe hoppers, they destabilize every world they move through, and the Stones have to work twice as hard to keep the balance.”
“You remind me of her, a little,” Steve said faintly. He only knew the barest outlines of the story. He wanted to hear Pepper tell it. “In all the good ways.”
Steve clearly would have preferred to do something with his hands, but was too worn out to argue. Pepper gave in to instinct as she finished pouring a mug of coffee, and squeezed his shoulder when she put it down in front of him. “You look exhausted. Maybe go back to bed after breakfast?”
“So I’m here until you want me to fight for you,” he summarised. “Frankly, I can’t guarantee I’ll want to. I know what shady government organisations look like, Director, I’ve dealt with them plenty in the past. I’ll need to know precisely what’s at stake and why before signing on with anything you’ve got planned.”
“Well, who wouldn’t want to stop fighting, a pretty face like his making big eyes at you,” Tony observes.
“Shopping district, I think,” Steve says, sounding out of breath. “Cobblestones are slowing them a bit, but I think there are more coming my way, I’m going to have to–”
“I’ll be damned.” He stared at the readings. “Does this mean we can manipulate subatomic particles now?”
“It says it is glad,” JARVIS says. “And also–though I am not entirely sure I am understanding this correctly–that it is honoured to be in the care of one whose heart was chosen for armouring.”
“What can I say, I’m the type of guy who throws pennies out my car window,” Tony said, sidling up. “Nasty things. Cost more to make than to use, that’s just inefficient.”
As promised, Steve made breakfast the next day. There was bacon involved, which bought Morgan’s automatic affections.
“She’s not coming,” Tony called back, unsure of whether Steve would hear him or not. He met Natasha’s steady, burning gaze. “What do I do, Nat? I’m killing him.”
“To your last question, I certainly would not judge it so, sir,” JARVIS answers. “As to the first, it’s far more likely.”
Steve turned, taken aback. “I couldn’t,” he said blankly. “Time travel doesn’t work like that, I’d create a different timeline.”
“Well, technically I’m hoooomeless,” Bucky shrugged. “Unless I go back to Wakanda. Which would be nice, but they don’t really need some random white guy there wearing out his welcome; and anyway, I’m starting to like DC.”
He wanted to say a great deal, and all of it felt like too much, too soon. He wanted to say it anyway, but he knew he probably shouldn't.
“Think about it,” Tony said lightly. “And lemme know when SHIELD finally lets you out of this prison of a government building. Got a room in Stark Tower with your name on it, same as your big band buddy over here. Google the place–you have figured out Googling by this point, yes?–I think you’ll find it’s prime real estate. Better than Brooklyn, which is unfortunately overrun with hipsters now.” He looked at his watch. “Pepper might destroy me in the face if I’m late for this meeting, so I’ve gotta go. But I’ll catch you both later. Ciao.”
“You’re damned right it’s about guilt,” Tony snaps, hand coming down on the table flat. “What happened in Sokovia was all me, and like it or not, I should be tried for it. But because Iron Man got some good press about it in the States, fighting the good fight with the Avengers, we as a country have decided that I’m a-okay, I’m fine, besides, Eastern Europe doesn’t really matter, we’ve ignoring what goes on there for
“How are the other residents?” he’d asked, when the real estate agent was showing him around the too-good-to-be-true apartment. He’d already tested all of the faucets and checked the ceiling for leaks, and so far things seemed scarily in order.
“It really is beautiful here,” she murmured. “I didn’t expect that. But it’s really...it’s not bad. It's so much.”
“What’s that?” Tony asked, cutting them both off. He stepped back from Pepper, still holding one of her hands, and pointed to the folder in Steve’s hands.
Then they all move into the Stark mansion, and so he can’t just waltz into the house after a mission any more, obviously. He goes down into the basement and he follows procedure–piles everything into their proper places and steps out of the boots and shucks off the gauntlets like he has his shit together. He does this and he does it fast, and if he’s lucky someone else will do his paperwork for him while he’s gone.
“You seem weirdly happy about that.” Tony pulled up his screens again and started sorting back to where he was, while Helen pulled out a diagnostic kit.
“I thought about it,” he said finally. “And I knew that even if I shouldn’t, I wanted to all the same. But you were back here, and Sam was, and everyone else. And then Tony happened, and it all stopped mattering. What I thought I had wanted didn’t mean anything anymore.”
“He won’t let you go, anyway,” Natasha observed, “if the fact that he can reach all the way in here is any indicator.”
Pepper was already tucked under Rhodes’s arm, clearly torn between watching and hiding her face. Steve found her free hand and squeezed it, nearly too hard. She didn’t seem to mind. She was going to cut herself if she bit her lip any harder.
“We could do that,” Tony says lowly, his thumb going back and forth on the skin beneath Bucky’s t-shirt. “Get a room, that is. If you’re interested.”
Natasha huffed. “Not really, is the thing. We had luck. The right combination of small decisions, and big ones. But that’s not what people will assume.”
Dr. Feranza narrowed his eyes. “But what you do need to start doing is to be mindful of yourself. Are there things that exacerbate these dreams? Allay them? Are there places you can go that feel safe when you’re having a bad day? It’s time to not only think about the reasons behind your anxieties and troubles, but also the reasons for changes in those things. Healthy coping mechanisms are an important part of recovery, because they serve as a stopgap even when your brain isn’t quite ready to heal itself yet.”
Steve and Bucky look at each other, and then Bucky’s hand is shoved into the back pocket of Tony’s jeans and Steve’s arm is around Tony’s shoulders.
He put together a broad syllabus and reading list, full of alternative media and accessibility features of all kinds, with as many freely available resources as he could muster. He set out logistical maps for transporting kids from their schools to their local government buildings, made an index of addresses and fax numbers for mayors, governors, representatives, senators. Proposed projects, both local and national, urban and rural, for theoretical participants aged 12 to 18. He had no idea whether any of it was good, or even worthwhile. But he liked the idea of it, liked the idea of making a whole generation of kids who’d been overlooked and given short hands fired up about taking ownership of their society.
“Yeah, yeah.” He waved as Bucky got into the car. Shoved his hands in his pockets and watched as they pulled away. The house was very quiet, all of a sudden.
“Please,” he repeated, and then Tony’s hand was in his, Pepper leading the way, and his feet knew the way even if he couldn’t quite keep up, and then, then, he was home.
“Ugh. Point.” Tony subsided, muttering to himself. He moved to stand and walk away, and Steve felt himself curl his hand more firmly around the back of Tony’s knee, urging him to stop.
Steve felt like he should bow, something formal and distancing like that. He almost stepped away to do so, but then he realized how close they were. Pepper’s hair smelled like freesias. She sighed against his chest, and didn’t move. He could feel his heart pounding in his ears.
, haven’t I? I’m all in pieces and dissipated, it’s all a mess. So I’ve gotta just know where all my shit is at, and make it all become a part of me again. Easier said than done.”
Tony has already heard about Steve hurling on the top of the ferris wheel, but he laughs anyway when Bucky retells it as they’re weaving through the crowds, Steve slowly turning the colour of ripe tomatoes, because Bucky’s a fantastic storyteller, okay, it’s just not the same when Steve summarises, even when he does his bashful aw-shucks act.
And that was when Tony had found out that Howard had been a lot more dedicated to a dead soldier from the war than he had ever been to Tony.
“Maria Hill,” Fury said, by way of explanation. “She and Coulson are my top clearance staff members. At the moment, your identity is Need To Know. I don’t have time for the bullshit that your presence would incur, should word of you get around, so I’d appreciate it if you kept your personal security tight. Believe me when I say that you are not prepared for modern media, Rogers.”
Tony waved him away. “I can afford an extra floor, I can afford you. Destroy the place, and then maybe we’ll talk about payment.”
like this, with someone, like he did with you and Morgan, and I don’t—”  He stopped abruptly, choking and staring down at where Pepper had pried his hands free from the railing and clasped them in hers. “I’m sorry,” he whispered. “You don't need to hear this. You have enough—”
“Running the femto-particular analysis now...fuck, I’m going to get so many papers out of this. Sorry. Looks good so far. Just going to slow the...Tony? Are you…?”
“And I’m extremely qualified, so between the two of us, I think we’ll do okay.” She sat on the arm of the chair. “Tony wasn’t an expert in this, either; he had his memories of MIT and of growing up with robotics all around him, but he grew up too fast. He didn’t really get a chance to be around a normal educational system until much later in life, when he started taking an interest in SI’s outreach programs. And then he was so…” Her gaze went distant and fond. Steve swallowed, and couldn’t look away. She seemed to gather herself after a moment, but couldn’t fully shake the sad tilt to her mouth. “Anyway. You’re not starting out with much more of a handicap than he was.”
Indeed, Tony had wandered towards the squashy chair, letting go of her so he could flip the pages more readily.
“Thanks,” Steve started to say, but the dream was already fading. He didn’t wake immediately, but he remembered when he did.
“I’ll take it,” he’d said, because he was pretty good at dodging knives, and seriously. This apartment was great, and a straight shot to work on the Q. That’s like a precious sparkly unicorn in this city.
A gruff voice he hadn’t heard in nearly twenty years resonated through the speakers. “Mr. Stark, this is Captain Bowers. Do you remember me?”
Bruce’s work continued in the morning, but all of the heavy lifting was finished, so Steve was left at loose ends.
“Told you I’d been thinking about it. Wasn’t hard, in the end,” Steve said. He felt lighter, with the shield in someone else’s hands for a change. There’d been a lot of baggage hanging on it, he was realizing. He’d stowed it in the closet for a reason, while a guest in Tony’s house.
“Well, at least the attorney fees won’t be wasted, then. Ugh, it's probably aliens, the way our lives are going.” Tony looked at his watch. “Hey, so there’s nothing interesting on your floor yet, but I can definitely show you around the rest of the building, at least what’s up and running, which is more than when you were here last time. And Pepper’s coming at six, and she's bringing champagne, so that’ll be fun. Hey! How d’you want to get the rest of your stuff? You’re friends with Hill, right, she's in Fury's pocket but she probably likes you anyway, charmer that you are, maybe she could smuggle it out…JARVIS! What say you?” He started to drift back towards the elevator, commentating and gesticulating wildly.
“That’s all on you,” Natasha said. “I doubt it was on purpose, but I appreciate the assist, all the same.”
She doesn’t dismiss it; denial could have been a comfort in other circumstances, but she’s pretty sure she’s past the point of incredulity now.
“I think I could have,” he said. “But I wasn’t—I don’t think I was paying enough attention.” Something complicated pressed itself against the inside of his ribs. He shushed it.
Natasha hums, and pulls herself up with Steve’s proffered hand. “Hey, before we call it a day,” she said. “I wanted to let you know that I’ll be on mission for the next couple of weeks.”
Steve looks at Sam, who’s been watching them go back and forth for the past twenty minutes, not saying anything, arms crossed. At Steve’s expectant look, he raises his eyebrows.
He didn’t dream. He was aware, sometimes, of sparks of light in many colors, spiraling up and around him; lit fuses following strange, interlocking paths that he could only chase for so long before they outran him, zoomed out of sight. He thought, at one point, that he saw a hand reach out, limned in orange-gold, to brush back his hair from his forehead. It was gone before he could reach back.
Steve notices stiffness in his joints, and chalks it up to too many missions, not enough time to heal in between.
The Ancient One, sitting cross-legged on the floor across from him, hummed. “The transfer worked, it seems,” she said. “How do you feel?”
They’re devouring shawarma, sitting round a dingy table in a nondescript hole-in-the-wall restaurant and doing their level best to ignore the din of the national guard and civilians crashing around them in the aftermath.
“I can’t tell whether that’s a symptom of ego or just an appreciation of good work, then,” Tony says. He studies the figure on the table. “Thoughts, JARVIS?”
“Tell me about it. I’m a ball of energy living inside a nanoparticle suit. Life’s fucking weird, nowadays.”
“I’m sure,” Tony said. “We’ve run the numbers, run the tests, everything, technically this is way more prep work than I ever do before crazy experiments on myself, so technically we’re doing way better than usual. And I want—I want a body back. One that looks and feels like me.”
The site of extraction was off the coast of Iceland, close enough that Tony could don the suit to get there. When he landed, however, it was clear that he wasn’t first on the scene.
“Mm.” She tucked a stray bit of hair behind Morgan’s ear. Morgan squirmed, so Pepper set her down, and watched as she wandered down the steps towards where Bruce and Clint appeared to be napping beneath one of the larger oak trees. “He wanted his people close. Though I’m not nearly so generous as he was, I’m beginning to understand the impulse. And there are some who could probably use it more than others.”
Tony sucked in a breath, and his hand closed around Steve’s wrist. His callouses were just the same.
“Good,” Pepper said, straightening a bit. “I’ll have a look at your proposal, and let you know of any questions. Is that all right?”
“Does it look like I give a shit?” Tony snaps, landing hard on the cobblestones and pushing an extended repulsor blast in a long, burning arc across the chest of one of the bots.
“No, it’s fine, it’s just different.” Steve cocked his head and studied the faceplate. “Is it...stable?”
“Yep, gotta see a man about a dog. Or something. Whatever, I’ve got a different meeting. Also, if SHIELD calls, tell them you know nothing, no idea where I am, blah blah.”
“Scheming? Balancing the universe?” Tony suggested. “She seemed...not happy, but...not sad, either? I think she was glad to be doing work.”
“I hate fighting in the Village,” Natasha notes, sounding out of breath, which is never a good sign.
“Hi,” Steve said. He took a couple of steps forward. Stumbled. Bucky ran forward and caught him before he face-planted off the side of the platform.
Tony was across the table and then through it, sitting on its edge by Steve’s chair, close enough to touch. “What a pickle, eh?” he said, casting a hand around. “Trapped and no one to talk to, so I make people up. I mean, I guess there’s Vision, but it’s not really him, it’s not the same.”
“You’re working under the assumption that I’m not going to take your advice,” Steve observed. “That I’m not gonna run.”
First stop: 2012, the Time Stone to Bleeker Street. He just needed to make the first stop, and then the next, and the next, and then go home. And try to move on.
Clint and Natasha clock in as usual, but they just end up helping out with salvaging like all of the other agents.
Every impact was a jar, and shook him to his bones. This person was either superhuman, or not human at all. Steve thought chances were very much in favor of the latter.
“Take care of yourself,” Natasha said, crossing her arms and smiling. Her teeth seemed sharper than before. “Both of you.”
He held her with a guarded delicacy, like she was a Ming vase, like she was precious and familiar, yet entirely new to him.
Universes bled together. Time stretched and warped. Electricity crackled through his veins instead of blood.
“I can’t tell whether they’re sworn enemies or on the verge of dating,” Tony commented, hovering while Steve made his way over to the couch.
“It’s all good, big guy,” Tony says, straightening his tie and flashing the peace sign at the three apparent hicks who were taking photos with their terribly cheap and out of date cell phones. “We were just wondering what the hold up was.”
“I’m gonna need support on Bleeker Street!” Clint calls down the comms, and then curses colourfully in Bulgarian.
They didn't talk later, it turned out. Dinner was comfortable and light that evening, and Helen kept Tony occupied with throwing theories back and forth. Jim shared some news from his Air Force buddies, which Steve took an interest in, and Pepper asked after a few officers she'd worked with in the past. After that, it seemed too normal to disrupt the pattern with anything heavier.
Steve came down to breakfast late, which was already unusual; Pepper was on her second cup of coffee, and Jim was finishing off a round of eggs for Morgan, who was talking a mile a minute about the shortwave radio kit Tony had built her several months ago. She seemed to be doing okay without her dad so far, but worrying about her was an inevitability Pepper had long ago made peace with. Anyway, it helped distract her from her own grief, at least off and on.
The train, because he’d thought, late one night, that maybe putting it on paper would take it out of his mind. (It hadn't.)
Then there were the dreams, which Tony was pretty sure Steve hadn’t told anyone else about, and there was the way Steve had locked up when they’d gotten into the elevator, like he no longer cared for closed, small spaces.
Again, had Ethan called him earlier, he might have gotten a chance to look at the actual dossiers they were working off of, and things would have been far less troublesome.
“Not all of it,” Tony said, stepping back. He grimaced. It did look fairly H. R. Giger-esque. “I just need to be able to interface with the Cradle, if I’m going to be able to guide the building process. Which we suspect I have to, if I’m going to establish adequate connection to the thing so that I can actually transfer myself into it.”
He didn’t really know how to respond to that, so he just stumbled back a few paces and gave a small wave. “Thank you. I...I appreciate it.”
“And believe it or not, SHIELD wants you happy and functional,” Natasha replied. “We just have differing opinions of how we might achieve that."
“I literally have no idea, Steve.” Tony’s faceplate rippled again. It was an unsettling sensation, especially since he couldn’t quite pinpoint what emotion he was actually betraying with it. “It’s like Helen says—we don’t even know what I am right now.”
According to his emails, sporadic and staid as they were (apart from that one accidentally sent one, which,
“Where are you, Cap?” Tony asks, suddenly realising that he’s lost visual. Five minutes until SHIELD support.
“Fine is not the same as good.” Steve squared himself and looked the Ancient One in the eye. “Do it. Maybe we’ll find another way later on, but you need the Time Stone back now, and I can’t leave any part of Tony behind. So do it.”
“Nick, what a pleasure. I was just about to actually do some paperwork for once and you’ve officially ruined it, this is the most I’ve ever liked you.”
“Of course, sir,” JARVIS demurs. A series of clicks follows in a burst, and the child flails out a limb again, but this time latches onto Tony’s arm. Tony sways forward with the motion, and nearly bumps into Steve.
Steve winced slightly. “There wasn’t too much idealism on the ground in my time, either,” he said. But he wasn’t unmoved. It wasn’t the language, but the sentiment.
I think I’d be running for the hills.” His lips twitched. “But things have changed since you’ve been asleep. That includes the military. We’ve, uh, lost a lot of idealism along the way, I’d say. Shit happened.”
They all mull it over, standing in a weird huddle outside the shop, looking at rubble and collapsed shells of Chitauri and the first few paramedics and firemen beginning to make their way in towards the epicentre of the battle.
He had almost sworn he heard JARVIS huff. “I know how you work, sir. You begin from the inside and work outwards. I had organised my observations in that order.”
Steve slid down the wall of the building. “Heartbeat,” he suggested, his voice thick. “Working head, working heart.”
“His workspace might be an organizational tragedy, but Tony was a great notetaker,” he commented. “Top-notch documentation, all backed up from the servers at the compound. Just don’t ask me where he keeps his spare ratchets.” He prodded his glasses back up the bridge of his nose and looked at Steve. “Do you want to let the others know that you’re going?”
Steve sat down slowly in front of the open case and stared. Wondered if he could wear the glove for just long enough to bring Tony and Natasha back. He knew Bruce tried, but.
She’s the first one he sees at ground zero, directing troops in to sort through the wreckage of the warehouse, and he goes to her because she looks utterly calm amidst the chaos, and has the far-seeing expression of a seasoned commanding officer as she watches the movements of the other SHIELD agents.
A woman broke off from a group off to one side and walked over to Fury. She was dark-haired and high-cheeked, with a stubborn tilt to her chin, and even though everything else about her was nothing like Peggy, Steve felt his whole chest contract.
He just wished he’d stop losing people. He’d done a lot of reading on survivor’s guilt over the past few years, but it didn’t really negate the feelings, just explained them.
“Butt-dial?” Tony asked, semi-rhetorically, and then immediately shook his head. “Nah. What’d’you think, J?”
“Uh.” Steve rubbed the back of his neck, and tipped a flat hand back and forth. “Could have been better. Weird dreams.”
“Very well, sir,” JARVIS says, and Tony hears the whine like hornets in his ears, shaking him apart, and then it rises and rises until suddenly it bursts out of him, a sonic boom of force that sends him reeling.
Tony looked just the same as he always had. A little younger, maybe, than when Steve had seen him last—hair darker, fewer lines at his eyes and mouth. The wear of starvation that he never entirely lost after his trip into space was smoothed away.
“Can you look straight forward for me, Captain?” Helen cut in. “I’m just going to take some general readings.”
The Ancient One seemed to be staring both into and past him, as if perceiving mechanisms beyond his ken. “That changes things considerably.” Her eyes narrowed, and then she stood. “But we’re growing short on time. Stark, you have approximately half an hour to form yourself into something movable within the Time Stone before I must take it back, with or without you still inside it.”
face. “It’s come to our attention that this universe and this timeline has gained itself a bit of a reputation.”
And Tony’s grip had been steady, firm and warm. It had done a lot for Steve, in the first moments of waking.
“I hate this,” Rhodes said, sidling up next to where Steve and Pepper were watching the proceedings.
Her mouth lifted slightly at one corner in a shark’s smile. “Like I said, I’m keeping busy. Maybe I’ll see you again some time. Tell Steve I say hello, and that I miss him, too.”
“Mrs. Potts can assess the finer logistical points,” Tony replied. Pepper hummed in agreement. Steve could feel the vibration against his shoulder. “I can just tell you that you’re under budget and that the scale’s about right for what we initially envisioned. But in concept? Yeah, I think it’s sound.” Steve heard him extricate himself from the chair and approach, circling around until he was looking past the curve of Pepper’s neck up at Steve. Pepper still had her right hand in Steve’s left.
He more or less booked it out the front door, and then Pepper could hear his footfalls fading down the road. She shut off the water and wiped her hand on a dishtowel.
Tony had only tightened up when Steve had asked about Howard: “He’s dead I’m afraid, Cap. And we weren’t on the best of terms, so I’d rather you read up on him, if you don’t mind.”
“Yeah, Steve,” Tony says, and automatically he’s flipping up the face plate, because he knows how much it means to Steve that Tony is willing to show his face to him when they talk to each other.
“What about Pepper?” Steve countered. “And Morgan?” The thought of being able to bring Tony back, to bring him
“Don’t be on Facebook, you’ll only learn about how terrible all your friends are. Try Twitter instead, there are already fifteen Captain Americas on there at least, you’ll blend right in.”
“Maybe,” Steve conceded. It was more than Tony expected to get. He directed several uncharitable thoughts towards Fury.
Steve wondered what Tony’s angle was, because he knew that there had to be one—Fury was somewhat easier to read, not because he was in any way transparent, but because Steve knew a military chess master when he saw one, and Fury fit the bill.
She went upstairs on auto-pilot, and he clanked behind. Steve’s room was very tidy, and he apparently had never transferred his clothes from his suitcase into any of the closets or drawers, which Pepper found herself disproportionately upset about. She busied herself turning back the covers on his bed, smoothing down the quilt. When she stepped back, Tony set him down in the center of the mattress with an ease and familiarity that Pepper associated with Morgan’s bedtime, and the connection was both so jarring and so correct that she was stunned for a moment.
Helen was quiet for a second. And then she said, very carefully, “I imagine there are any number of people out there who have done you one good turn and one bad, and you’ve probably chalked it up as a wash.”
The murmur of conversation starts up again, but Steve makes a point of keeping eye-contact with Tony, until Tony looks away.
Steve licked his lips, and looked at three people across from him, each of them wearing different shades of expectation on their faces. “Uh, it’s nice to meet you all,” he said haltingly. “I’m Steve Rogers, of the Howling Commandos. I understand it’s been a while since I last was around.”
“The amount of energy this takes is going to be monumental,” Helen warned. “Be prepared for a blackout.”
“Steady,” Pepper murmured, a comfort and an order. She rubbed her thumb once, up and down, over the side of his.
“Technically they’re the same. Except one was weaponised, and the other just…is,” Jane replies absently. She pushes her hair back, and can feel it leave greasy residue on her fingers. It’s been two, three days since she last showered? She’s lost track. “We don’t know enough about it.”
“Just telling it like it is, Captain,” Tony said, stepping out of the elevator. “Telling you that JARVIS is a secret butler that lives in the ceiling would just be mean.”
He helped Bruce all morning and afternoon in organizing, assembling, and retrieving material from Tony’s lab space. He was occupied enough that when Pepper suggested dinner around 5 pm, he didn’t hesitate before offering to help with the salad.
“That’s more than I needed to know about Ms. Potts,” Steve pointed out, even as he felt his face go redder. “I’m also surprised you’re still on speaking terms with her.”
“No.” Steve agreed, and then the legs of his chair scraped as he pushed back from the table. “But some of it deserves more respect than others. Thanks for the toast, I’m gonna...yeah.”
Steve folded his hands in his lap. “I can’t wake up from that either. It’s just dark and cold and I’m alone, more alone than ever was, even after Bucky.”
“Never mind the house. Anyway, if you’re dead still, there’s no reason for me to move, it’ll only arouse suspicion. We keep things normal right up until we can’t.” Pepper thought for a moment. “Do you think Carol would take her, in an emergency? She’s been staying at Maria Rambeau’s for the last few weeks.”
“Sorry,” Tony replied, “Those things would do more harm than good. Can you imagine six million people all trying to learn how to drive in three dimensions? We’d all get ourselves killed in a hot second.”
“Seemed like it could still be useful,” Steve shrugged. “I thought maybe the repulsor might still have a bit of a charge.”
Natasha nodded, and then picked up her jacket and headed for the door. “I’m free to give you my opinion, that’s all. Now you have it. And one other thing: it’s my
“Captain?” the Ancient One interrupted. “You’re now on a deadline. The longer you linger, here and elsewhere, the more your soul will begin to degrade.”
“Sorry,” Steve said, and winced at how his voice cracked. He could feel his ears turning red. “Yeah, I...but I should come back later. Sorry.”
Unable to sleep, he headed out to the porch. Stood out there and breathed, and breathed, and felt for a long moment like he was falling apart.
“No,” Jim assured, through visible panic at having potentially alarmed her. “He had a sad dream about him.”
“I’ll get you a tablet when we reach New York. Electronic thing, holds the information of a million books in one slab of silicon,” he added, when Steve raised an eyebrow. “I’ll teach you how to use it before Fury gets hold of you. SHIELD will give you a sanitised version of the truth; or at least, a highly selective one, and I assume you don’t want that.”
Tony looks at him, affronted. “You don’t know what you’re talking about, Rogers,” he says, waving the Starkphone in question around, “Monochrome is simple, it’s easy and readable, it’s–”
“Shh,” she said, deliberate. “I want to talk to my husband.” She stood in front of him, studying the strange, flat-planed impression of Steve Rogers’ face. “Tony. You getting out of there?”
“I’ll drink to that,” Pepper said, and raised her glass. “To all of you, our family, thank you. And to—to having time.” She looked at Steve last, and nodded over her raised glass.
“My friend, you remain with us yet!” Thor says, leaping off his chair and scattering rice all over the place. “We were awaiting your procedures of the aftermath of battle!”
“You haven’t. Tony’ll figure it out.” He closed the case with the five Stones left inside, and looked at his watch. “I’ve gotta get to Stark Tower to hand off the Mind Stone. Tony, I hope you can figure out how to finish getting out of there by the time I hand it off.”
Steve definitely didn’t talk about that either. If he did, he’d spill everything to Pepper, and that wasn’t fair, not at all, so.
“‘Always’...? Steve.” She closed the door of her office firmly enough that the handle rattled; he sat heavily and she stood looking at him for a long moment before stepping forward and slowly lowering herself down to study him. “Should you be telling me this?”
“I think with the cosmic swords back in our possession, the chances are far slimmer,” Natasha replied. “That’s not to say Earth won’t need her defenders, but.”
She pressed her cheek against the cool plane of his chest, and rode out the hitch in her breathing until it evened out. “You don’t have to apologize,” she said, when she was able. “You have nothing to apologize for.”
“Friend Tony!” Thor booms, stepping out of the diner. “I bid you forgive me my tardiness, it seems that I have been deposited not precisely where intended.”
Something’s going on here,” Tony says over chinese takeout. They’ve all just basically moved into what’s left of the tower because seriously, what’s SHIELD’s damage?
When Tony first inherited Stark Industries, he was deluged by paperwork that Obadiah had to walk him through, reviewing each department and what he could expect from it, each project and its progress. Among them was a yearly expedition that was run in collaboration with the Navy.
When he reemerged out the back door of the garage, the shimmer had moved. Liquid and still transparent, it had shifted shape to form watery tendrils, curling together and then resolving into something resembling a limb. Slowly, slowly, it was aiming for the door knob.
The team’s send-off was much more manageable; Clint clapped Steve on the back, expression inscrutable. “Take care of yourself, Cap,” he said. “Try not to screw up the timeline, we just got it straightened out.”
“There’s nothing about you that’s virgin, Barton,” they hear Natasha retort, followed by what sounds like a slap fight.
“Oh fuck,” Tony said suddenly. “That means…” He looked up at the cluster of them across the room. “Gonna be fine,” he promised. “But uh, don’t be alarmed.”
Tony jabbed a finger at him, charmed despite himself. “You’re funny. It’s weird. Captain America doesn’t get to be funny.”
But then she’s turning away from him, barking orders again as she strides unhurriedly over a swell of broken pavement, and Jim has to shake himself slightly before taking off to go scold Tony and help the others.
his eyes were blue. Tony stared into them and said, “A naval ship, off the coast of Iceland. Morning, Captain.”
Hill had given them curt nods, before climbing into a van that would presumably go to some kind of backup helicarrier or something. Tony wouldn’t put it past Fury and his creepy long cons.
The bundle in his arms makes a series of clicking sounds, and then flails out a limb that appears to be half snake scale, half metal. Steve hushes it, and it quiets rather obediently, all considered.
“Really, this is just another instance in which you’ve made my life very complicated and confusing. It’s not really anything different than usual.”
He was glad he did. But at the same time, he realized with a sort of dull horror that he was now perpetually
Steve half expected it to be more tea, which didn’t sound appealing. His mouth tasted burned, like he’d eaten charcoal. Also...artificial coconut?
The Stones seemed dull within the broken glove, like they were tired. Or maybe Steve was projecting.
“Well, there are deffo a lot of scientists working on it, I mean, that’s what CERN is for, right?” Darcy says. “You wanna switch specialties, go hang out with them for a while? If so, I'mma need a heads up, because I’m pretty sure Ian and I are gonna need to find us some other work in that case.”
“I never had a uniform fit half as well as when he made it,” Steve blurted out, and then immediately looked down at his plate. “The SHIELD versions were awful, they fit strangely in random places. But the ones from him were always just right.”
Pepper swallowed. “Bruce is helping her out with her short-wave radio. It’s keeping her pretty occupied. She’s already planning modifications.”
He tried to push the thought away. Tony and Bruce, they’d fixed everything, put everything back. He’s grateful.
Steve sucked in a breath. “We’ve had this conversation before.” They’d talked about it a lot, in the early days of being fugitives in Wakanda, just after Siberia but before Bucky had gone back on ice. How Steve had clung too tightly and with too much abandon to something that didn’t wholly exist anymore. That every time he’d asked Bucky to remember something that he couldn’t, it had hurt them both.
This was all laid out for him while Ethan tore through Brooklyn because apparently the window in which this all could happen was closing fast. Something about timed internal security. Clint was having enough trouble trying to reacquaint himself with the headspace of William Brandt without worrying about much beyond his own set of tasks.
“Are they? Huh,” Steve said. He sounded odd and clumsy, like he’d been shot up with novocaine. “Weird side effect. I hate magic. Look, could you please help me get into the house? Because Tony’s alive, sort of, and I need the Bleeding Edge suit,
“Either I talk or I start panicking,” Tony replied, a little too flatly for Bucky’s liking. And then more quietly, “I hate closed spaces.”
Tony swiveled his head to follow where Helen was pointing to her set of screens. “What am I looking at?”
Steve blinked at her. She was strikingly beautiful, slim but clearly well-muscled, with a shock of smooth, bright red hair that ended in a bob at her chin. She met his gaze evenly, eyebrows just slightly arched upwards, not quite a challenge, but close.
The shimmer finally resolved under the pressure, and Steve got a better look at its face—vaguely humanoid, but with electric yellow eyes and lines of electricity cutting through its cheekbones and its elfin ears. “You are the Key, fool,” it snarled. “Your mastery makes it so. You will come with me to serve my king, for I am only the herald for what will come.”
The Iron Man suit was just as impressive as Steve remembered, and Tony moved so easily in it. “Rogue scientist, trouble in a lab, explosions and weirdness,” Tony said, waving a hand vaguely. “I don’t remember New York being so exciting last time I was here.”
Steve hummed, and let Bucky take his weight a bit more as he reached over to one side of the worktop, aglow with holograms. The strangest things kept capturing his attention—the stack of books on the coffee table, the dishes in the sink, and the way Pepper wrung her hands. He kept trying to track Tony’s multiple trains of thought, pull apart their reasons and histories, but they were moving too fast and in too many different directions.
“The heights were right!” Tony blurts, and immediately regrets it, because it means the attention is on him now. “And we both have blue eyes!”
“Yeah, I’m that Tony Stark, don’t worry about it. I don’t like putting my real name on the lease in case people get nosy. The water’s gonna be great, I just need to get it sorted. How’s the heating?”
She threw her arms around him. She weighed nothing, but her grip was strong—it was like being squeezed by a strong wind. “What are you
“He’ll be friendly towards me, I guarantee it,” Bucky growls, and unfurls the tiny card from his ring finger that slips into the nearly invisible slot just beneath the keypad.
He tried to draw the action away from the porch, but the shimmer wouldn’t let him—every time he pulled away, tried to steer their angle, it made a break for the door.
They had to. She didn’t think she could start back at the beginning of grief for a second time. She turned her head against his chest and looked at Steve, still fast asleep. “He really just...carried you with him?” she asked.
“Ah, here we go. I think you’ll have to give it your own spin, since neither of us are the science experts in the house, so feel free to just have a think about what you could do with the resources we have available.”
For the anon prompt: "Steve comes to the realization that Tony is actually a self-sacrificial/self-endangering maniac."
“And things that are important to people you love should be important to you,” she went on, clearly reciting something she’d heard from either Tony or Pepper. “So you should be important to me.”
Tony went back to work. He and Helen had a working theory that if he stuck himself in the Cradle, he could build himself from the inside out from within the Bleeding Edge suit, but the chances of becoming some sort of horrifying hybrid were extremely high, so they were trying to work out an alternative. And also just generally understand what separated him from the suit at this point, because as far as Strange could tell, he was
For feelwhaaale's prompt: "Avengers as Pokemon trainers/gym leaders/professors/trainers/breeders/whatever!"
“I like it. Solid choice of locale.” He couldn’t imagine Stark living here, or even Pepper, but it was nice, all the same. He suspected there was a sub-basement full of robots stashed somewhere.
“No signs of the usual tags we’ve come to associate with the use of the Stones—Bruce has them, and so does Tony. However, you do have some sort of trace readings of
She sucked in a breath, and her gaze landed on Steve like the coronal flash of the sun in an eclipse, piercing the darkness. “Oh,” she said. “Good answer.”
They went to a Thai restaurant. Steve recognised nothing on the menu, asked Tony to order for him, and got an evil smirk in response.
Steve tipped his head back to stare at the sun-dappled ceiling, taking a long, shaky breath. “Yeah?”
“No antimatter?” Tony says, shoving his goggles up onto the top of his head, revealing a forlorn and grease-smudged look. “I know it’s generally considered unstable, but–”
“It would be okay if you weren’t okay with it,” Steve added, swallowing down the harder, more pressing words behind his teeth.
Steve raises an eyebrow. “I’d argue, but I think Buck might strangle us if I do, and ‘sides, I’m finding that we’re in agreement on this one.”
“So you’re an adrenaline junkie. Should’ve known,” Tony said, making a smooth landing. He takes a second before letting go of Steve.
Steve ran until he couldn’t, which meant he ended up crossing state lines before he decided to head back at a slightly slower pace. When he got back to the lake house, he realized it was dark out; no wonder he was tired. He let himself in with a slow turn of the door handle, unsure of the exact time and who would be around and awake.
“I don’t know what to do with him,” Tony said, the emotional exhaustion of the day turning him honest. “Five years ago he left me for dead. Now he nearly killed himself bringing me back. I don’t know what to do with that.”
Tony took a small step forward, just enough for him to be close. “Steve,” Tony said, almost too quietly to be heard.
Personal code denied. JARVIS doesn’t even announce it, there’s just red light flashing from the keypad. Right. Steve’s code next, then Pepper’s.
“I have a date,” Thor says, a bit apologetically. “It was delayed by our recent skirmish, and so I must make it up to Jane.”
There was a crisis in Burma, quickly dealt with. Steve only heard about it in passing, and Hill refused to give any further details.
“There’s something very wrong with you,” Tony says slowly, still staring at Steve’s mouth, which is very distracting. He continues, “For choosing me, of all people, and then
He nodded. “Steve’s been staying there. I think he’s been helping out around the house?” There wasn’t a lot of bleed over from Steve on that, but there was some and it seemed...
It starts with heating. For a day it goes on and off for no reason, and then it suddenly evens out into a perfectly consistent 71 degrees. Steve runs hot–it’s a little uncomfortable, but whatever, heat is included in the rent, so he can’t complain.
“Enough, Stark. This situation is delicate, and you have all the subtlety of a dump truck. Take it easy, or we’re cutting you off.”
” he said in a rush, unable to stop himself. “Every time I’ve tried to live normally, it hasn’t lasted more than a few months, and every time it stopped, every time I needed to go back to the fight, I was
Tony tilted his head. “You don’t get to decide that, Rogers. Only the person you hurt gets to decide that. Why am I trying to change my own mind about this?”
“Wait, just a moment longer,” she said, her lips pressed into a thin line. “I need to adjust the organic compound mix to accommodate the change in overall profile...okay. Okay. 46% viscosity...yeah, that should do it. Jesus. He’s gonna owe me so many drinks after this. Stand back, this might be a little Frankenstein’s monster.”
I’m glad you were the first person I saw. It could have been so much worse, my imagination runs away from me at times, and I’ve thought of so many ways it could have been awful, so much more awful than it was, is…
“I don’t trust him,” Steve says, not for the first time, as he paces the safe house. “He means well, but he’s–”
“Aw, baby, don’t be like that,” Tony says immediately, sidling up to him. “We’ll make it up to you. Would a scandalous press conference suit?”
“They’re not our problem,” she said, waving a hand. “For the most part. The concern is the less savory characters who we suspect have found out that this universe took out Thanos. In many other places, he’s succeeded permanently. The question then becomes, what makes us different?”
“Your neurons are adapting and reconnecting at an unheard of rate,” one of the techs explained. “We’d like to record the progress.”
Steve huffed. “Probably.” He looked around. The room was bright with sun coming in through the skylight overhead. “How long?”
“Sixteen hours, give or take,” the physician answered, snapping her gloves. “Tissue has mostly unfrozen, and circulation of fluids is possible.”
He tried to concentrate on his breathing. That was about the deepest level of introspection he could handle at the moment.
“Probably only in the crudest sense,” Helen admitted. “You’d need way more control than what the Cradle offers to accomplish that, though a part of me wonders if some of that happened when Vision was created. But that was an accident— we’d need to know a lot more before we attempted to replicate something on that scale. But one thing I think we
“Push came to shove, we were working towards the same thing,” Natasha shrugged. “We’re reasonable people. Grudges are impractical.”
Tony looked at him squarely. “Don’t be,” he said. He paused, tilted his head back and forth, and then put his chopsticks down.
Which wasn’t much of an answer, Steve thought, but he let it go for now. He’d seen enough of the building, walking in, to know that there were probably a mass of floors that would be at least innocuous enough to provide good cover for a clandestine government building, which he would probably be allowed to wander through.
“Nothing on my plate, except an appointment at one,” Steve said. “I can meet you in the cafeteria afterwards?”
He belatedly became aware of Pepper watching him over her wine glass. He looked up at her and gave a kind of helpless shrug.
“We should do the sharp shooter,” Steve suggests, “You can win us something giant and unwieldy that we can’t fit through the revolving doors of the tower, Buck.”
Bucky looked at Tony with a combination of suspicion and concealed interest. “You’re the new Stark?” he said eventually.
Steve flinched, caught suddenly in a sense-memory that wasn’t his own, one that smelt and was steeped in the hue of cinnabar and death. “Not willingly,” he managed.
“I mean, it’s not sentient, but it’s not unaware, you know?” Jane says, thinking aloud, “It seeks out host bodies, and when it was in me, I could see…"
Natasha sat cross-legged on the grey, cold ground, her hands loosely resting on her ankles. “Hey, Steve.”
He sat, and let himself watch her sort through the piles. She really was extraordinarily beautiful, particularly with her hair down, in a sloppy collared shirt and gray trousers. He’d always been struck by her assurance, the solidity of her bearing even when striding around in stilettos. No wonder Tony had trusted her with everything.
“No,” Pepper replies, and has the passing thought that she should really be considered for sainthood, considering just how even her tone is in this moment, “Thank you, that won’t be necessary.”
They shook hands, and Tony stepped in close. He slipped the new Starkphone into his hand, and the tablet into the inside pocket of Steve’s jacket. Steve’s breath hitched when Tony’s knuckles brushed his chest.
Steve gave him a sharp look, but didn’t speak further. The doors slid open to reveal a broad, empty apartment with basic furnishings, and very little else.
A child from an extremely technologically advanced alien ship,” Steve clarifies. “Which may or may not have just waltzed through our universe via wormhole and left behind a number of refugees.”
“You look wrecked,” Darcy observes, sauntering over and putting a mug of coffee on the desk. “More wrecked than usual, and not the mopey my-boyfriend’s-gone-off-to-do-god-stuff kind of wrecked either. What’s up?”
“Are you really okay, out here?” he asked suddenly, looking at her. She was now more golden than not, punctuated by an impression of things he knew about her—deep red hair in waves, capable hands, a gun at her waist and in her boot.
Tony wrinkled his nose. “Only if we don’t have to eat there. I’ll order takeaway or something if you can’t leave.”
“That’s harsh.” She pushed off the door jamb and came out in bare feet to settle next to him against the railing. “Are you sure about that?”
“Tony and I. We took a long road, forgiving you.” Her mouth twisted. “I’m still on it, if I’m being perfectly honest.”
So upon coming home he shed them like a second skin, leaving shards in a trail on the floor until he was at his desk. And then he sat, and maybe emptied a scotch down his gullet before the soreness kicked in, because the triumph only lasted so long and the comedown was worse than any hangover he’d ever had. He wondered if he could get addicted to hero-ing like he did everything else, and figured yes, yes he could.
Steve looked at him, then at his SHIELD uniform, and then down at the ground. “Sure,” he said eventually. “A few.” It’s not entirely a lie, if he counts Maria Hill alongside Natasha. And Fury. People who watch him like he’s part-golden ticket, part-ticking time bomb. Everyone else called him ‘Agent Ryerson’, and Steve couldn’t quite manage to consider any of them ‘friends’, no matter how friendly they were.
“Too late for that, Stark,” Natasha says, and the crackle of the widow’s bite comes over sharp on the comm. “I think I might have found one with a brain though, I’ll try and get a black box if I can.”
“Mi casa es su casa,” Tony assured. He tried not to think about how he’d made much the same offer a decade ago, and that Steve hadn’t even come close to taking him up on it.
Steve snorted, a terrible, watery cough of laughter. “That’s a lie, and you know it,” he said aloud.
“Yes,” Steve agreed. It had been an education, comparing those dossiers to the textbooks and scholarly volumes Ms. Potts had been shunting his way.
“Good. Dismissed.” Fury handed off one of those glass boards to Hill. “Show him to his quarters please, Agent Hill.”
“What else, what else...I can speak, I can move, depending on how you define movement. So, motor functions, for a certain value of them, are in check.” He snapped his fingers, then pointed at Steve. “Can’t time jump, can’t change reality, can’t read your mind.”
Steve wandered around where he was allowed, and didn’t do much. They let him run in Central Park, which helped, though eventually his guards couldn’t keep up, so they fitted him with a tracker. That helped less.
She held up a hand. “Right now? Nothing. But I’d recommend stabilizing him in his current form for a while—he’s less vulnerable, the way he is now. And maybe stick close?” She cocked an eyebrow. “I imagine that bit won’t be a problem.”
“Oh god,” he whispered, everything crashing in all at once, reality reasserting itself in the worst way possible.
She shrugged one shoulder, her mouth twisting. “Did Tony ever tell you about his plans for Stark Tower? How he gave everyone a floor?”
“No seam, I can’t—“ He curls his fingers against the edge of the gauntlet, digging his nails into the line between red metal and tan skin. He hisses, and his nails come away bloody.
Steve exhaled wetly. “Sure thing,” he said, sounding a little steadier. “Don’t expect any meaningful responses, though.”
“Least of my worries, Cap,” Tony says sharply, shucking one of his gauntlets and running his bare hand along Steve’s shoulder, finding a deep laceration along his collarbone that’s still bleeding sluggishly. “Gimme your glove, come on, I need to staunch this.”
Bucky sighs. “And we’re the only ones who think that. He doesn’t think that. You’re not talking to his level. And again, I mean that in the most complimentary way.”
“It’s not often that it serves more than one master,” she said. “You must be very special indeed, Steven Rogers.” Then her mouth twisted. “You too, Anthony Stark.”
Steve poked at his phone. “This user interface isn’t particularly stable,” he remarked. Tony had shown him his phone on the ship, and it had been a
“Me? I’m not a key, I don’t open shit,” Tony retorted. “Go back where you came from and tell whoever you’re working for there isn’t any key here.”
“I imagine he will need to do a great deal of introspection to complete himself in a strong enough way to be pulled away from where he is. That, or he'll need a boost of some kind.”
“You don’t have to apologize for this,” Tony said. “You saved my life. It’s on me if I don’t know what to do with it.”
But whatever was left on the ground wasn’t moving. There wasn’t a lot of it—not more than a handful of thermometers worth of mercury-looking liquid. The rest of it must have disappeared into the Cradle. The port was bare.
He didn’t try to fight it. Less than a day’s worth of carrying Tony in his head and his chest, and he felt like someone had pulled out all of his internal organs, drained and cleaned them, and then set them back inside him in slightly new positions. Early childhood memories of priests proclaiming the benefits of cleansing with holy fire came to mind.
The suit turned. “Yeah, it’s me. Or, you know, as much of me as there can be, given the whole disembodiment thing.”
“Look Rogers, and I mean this in the most complimentary way: Stark is easy. Easy like sunday morning. Easy like summer afternoons. Easy like–”
“Possibly. But you must think on something too, Captain Rogers, while I deal with your colleague: what are you willing to lose, in exchange for Tony Stark’s soul?”
Standing in the vicinity of the gauntlet felt like being bent around an event horizon. Steve couldn’t imagine touching it, let alone wearing it now. It wasn’t like this before; Thanos had worn it like he was wielding a hammer, something stable and knowable. Bruce had worn it like it was a nuclear bomb, exploding slowly and inevitably.
A couple of weeks passed before the inevitable happened—an emergency situation in the city, followed by the intervention of Iron Man.
“No,” Tony agreed eventually. “I guess she isn’t. Neither of you are feeling many regrets right now, huh.”
“You know what? Me too.” She patted his shoulder. Her eyes glinted gold. “I thought I was ready to go, before. Now, I think I just needed a chance to be something else.”
” Sam complained. “I spend an arm and a leg getting my house back after five years of being dusted, and you just
“She said she was working on it, we might not have to do anything. But I think—that is, if you don’t mind, I’d like to stick around. Just in case.”
He got his hands under him, and pushed himself slowly, painfully upright. A glass was pressed into his hands. He put it to his lips.
“Come on, come on,” he muttered, lips hidden behind a flat plate of nanobots. Pepper couldn’t tell who it was praying. She stepped forward.
“Consider it done,” Bucky replies. “Also, enough cotton candy to fill us with regret six hours from now.”
He woke with a splitting headache and a bone-deep conviction that Tony was lying right beside him, down to the weight of him dipping the mattress, the sound of him breathing. Despite the throb in his temple, the sudden absence of loneliness was so acute that he couldn’t bring himself to open his eyes or even move, anything that risked breaking the spell.
“You’ve killed five punching bags in the past three days,” Fury said drily. “And you make my staff nervous when you wander around and refuse to answer when they ask where you’re going.”
“I’m so glad,” Steve said with all the dignity he could muster, beet red to his ears even as something clenched in his chest, “that at least he appreciated me for
“Good.” Her smile was crooked but warm. “I’ve put you upstairs at the end of the hall. Let me know if you need anything. It’s early, but I think I’m going to put Morgan to bed and call it a day.” She kissed Rhodes on the cheek. “Thanks.”
Tony makes a noise of amusement deep in his throat. But a few minutes later, Bucky feels Tony’s muscles go lax, his head falling against Bucky’s temple.
“If it’s too good, we may have to keep you on,” she warned. “I don’t cook as a matter of both skill and principle.”
“Of the tower? Temporary residences for visiting R&D officials and other imported lab technicians. Why?”
“SHIELD has kept your identity fairly locked down—Stark, for example, was never privy to that information—but it is out there, in some circles. Meanwhile,” Fury continued, “Everyone has access to your old newsreels, if they cared to look. Keeping you here is a way of staving off the inevitable, Captain. Someone will put the pieces together, and someone will try and track you down. We’re just trying to keep that off the table until you decide what you want to do, or until we can make you an offer.”
“You’re in luck—I am my own walking tracker,” Tony replied. “I’m Tony Stark. If you stick with me, SHIELD will have a pretty good sense of where you are, too.”
“More or less. They’re also very impartial. I’m only allowed to be here because of services rendered.”
Because somehow, in the interval since things stopped exploding in Times Square, Tony and Steve have managed to sustain an argument through hazmat cleanup, debrief, and fucking
“I suppose so.” When lunch was over, she kissed him on the cheek before he went out to where the platform was set up on the lawn. “See you in a few. Remember, I want your full proposal on my desk on Friday.”
Tony made an interested noise from the chair. Steve started to turn in his direction, only to stop when Pepper laid fingertips on his jaw. “What did I say?” she chided, with a small smile.
“Mrs. Potts,” Stephen said, with just as much deliberation, “You stood with all of us on the day the universe nearly died. We’re already all your people.”
“Relax, soldier,” Bucky says, bumping shoulders and then leaning in. “We’ll get them straightened out.”
The hubcap bounced off the floor of the porch, ricocheted off the wall, and then landed in Steve’s hand again.
“Look,” he says, “You’ve got a couple of options here. One, go after the establishment, which I’m not saying is the wrong thing to do—establishment’s got a lot wrong with it—but it will cause a lot of collateral damage, not the least of which being the team you’ve just formed, the allies you’ve just found these past few years.”
Steve thought, and then flinched away, appalled at himself. It would be true—and it was comforting that it was, like the status quo had been restored, Bucky being fine when Steve wasn’t—but
. Wishful thinking, self, that’s not helpful.” Tony shook his head. “I’m trying to figure out self-actualization, not self-justification. Or...whatever this is, yikes.”
Natasha wiped a towel across her face, then perched herself on the edge of the boxing ring. “Oh? What do I get in return?”
It comes on so slowly, so gradually—Clint’s always had calluses, after all, always had a few scars on the inside of his arm from when he’d been green with a bow and didn’t know better. That those scars darkened, thickened…well.
Still, he’d taken to listening to the IT staff when they chatted in the cafeteria, and he was learning the merits of Google. And of discreet, yet useful search terms.
He was, Steve couldn’t help but think, still beautiful in this strange form. He reminded Steve of the Stones, of his expression in the last moments before he’d snapped his fingers—the single focus of his unmoving face, the pure silver of the metal framing him, all color burned away except for the faint luminescence of purple, green, and blue at the edges of every plane and angle of his hands. Steve half expected him to spark with lightning at every turn.
Steve arched off the couch and then collapsed back down. His eyes flew open. “Holy god, what was that?”
Numb and trying desperately to organize her thoughts, Pepper stepped up to stand in front of him. “Steve. Tony. Whichever you are right now. What exactly is your plan here?”
He’d gotten frustrated with trying to calculate models based on a wing and a prayer anyway, and was therefore consoling himself with some more tangible materials, even if they might end up a complete waste of time. Maybe instead of building a port system to the cradle, he’d end up with a teleportation device. He’d done worse.
“‘Course you are,” Bucky said, and then before he could help himself, added, “But I was talking about your health.”
“I choose,” she said carefully, “To keep Tony’s people close. All of them, even the ones he wasn’t sure were his people. Because I think if I give it long enough, they’ll become my people, too. Mine, and Morgan’s. And that won’t make what he gave up worth it, but it will make it better.”
won’t do shit. The system’ll do something. We don’t know what. But,” Bucky cuts off, raking a hand through his hair and then across his mouth. It’s an unfamiliar gesture, enough that Steve is once again forcibly reminded that the friend he’d known from Brooklyn is no longer the one he has now. Still his brother, just…
“Lots of things here are unsettling,” Natasha agreed. “Time-is-a-flat-circle kind of shit. I don’t recommend sticking around unless you want to stay permanently.”
There was an insistent throbbing in the back of his head now, like someone was poking at the tender parts of it. He ducked into an alleyway and pitched over, trying to block out the pain, isolate it, identify it.
“Sam’s a good choice, but he’s gonna get shot out of the sky once people stop falling for his ‘death from above’ strategy.”
“You say that now,” he muttered, cupping her waist and trying to follow the direction she’d begun to sway. It wasn’t too bad, once he started listening more closely to the music.
“Molecular binding,” Tony said, with a wince. “Not something we’d calculated for, since we still don’t know the full properties of femto-particles, given we’ve just discovered them. I may or may not still be carrying some of the infinity gem stuff around with me. Also I’m about 30% made of alloyed nano-particles from the suit. Seems that whatever femto-particles made me
“You were in the Stones,” Steve argued, vaulting the jutting spears of stone and running full tilt to the stone dais, whose grooves were just beginning to run red. “Just see, please Tony, just—”
With some force, and not without a touch of lonely frustration, she pushes back from her desk and goes to grab her coat and hat. It had been raining when she came in (whenever that was), but she’s been pretty good at lucking out and avoiding it lately. She takes her umbrella just in case, though, tucking it in her purse.
“It means it’s designed to be good for your spine,” a woman said, coming in and slipping gracefully into another one of the chairs.
He picked up his chopsticks again, and stabbed a shrimp. “I dream about walking,” he continued, through chewing. “Walking forever in the desert, burning up and never being found. It sucks mostly because I never die. No dramatic death to wake me up, snap me out of it. I just walk, and when I finally do wake up, it feels like I never slept at all.”
“Definitely dinner first,” Steve says firmly, stepping forward. “Dinner, and maybe a movie, and no pressure at all, if you’re–”
He was grateful, and he couldn’t stop spinning back, like water towards a drain, to the holes left in the world.
They all look over at him. He looks faintly surprised, and then shrugs. “It’s just…your first thoughts–both of you–was marriage. That doesn’t even technically work–official name changes take a while to file, and even longer for those things to work their way into passport information. You claimed to be on your honeymoon–that doesn’t make any chronological sense. Marriage should have been the last thing to think of, given the circumstances.”
Steve didn’t stop to think, he yanked the case into his lap and threw open the latches. Inside, the Stones sat placidly, glinting. “Which one?”
just an empty suit right now, except for maybe some electron patterns, which...yeah. Not really enough foundation for a human person, generally speaking.
“Is one soul, split into two. Instead, you and Stark would be like twins in the womb, one devouring the other. It may be a slow process, particularly if you only take one piece of him into you at a time, but it is not sustainable, in the end. I can begin this process, but as he gains full mastery over himself within each stone, each piece of him shall transfer straight to you—there will be no going back after this first transfer. From then on, it shall be a struggle that can only end with one of you alive, and another consumed.”
“Ah yeah, sucks man. I get some real odd ones too, nowadays,” Jim said easily. “Hazard of the job, I guess.”
“So’s Bruce, Bruce is in need of tea and possibly some space where yelling isn’t happening,” Bruce says. “Thor?”
“And he was. Always eight steps ahead, because he was always trying to outrun himself. It took him a long time to slow down, too.”
“Home, sweet home,” Tony said. He was back in the metal suit—apparently it was warmer than the borrowed winter clothes he had been using on board, and he had a ‘reputation to maintain’. Steve was still somewhat disconcerted by it, this red and gold figure that seemed to have stepped off of the set of
“My pleasure, you guys always give me the most interesting and exasperating work,” she replied, giving both him and Tony very pointed glances. “Captain, since you're awake, would you be willing to undergo some diagnostics? I’d like to see what impact Tony had on your system while he was…” She gestured vaguely.
Sam shook his head in incredulity. “Man, have you met me? ‘Course I am.” He stepped forward and took the portfolio when Steve held it out. Peeked inside and made a small sound of amazement in his throat. “Do I need a new uniform?”
“Your connection to the Stones. I’m woven in—see?” She raised a hand, and that’s when he noticed it—her eyes had begun to glow, soft but fervent. Threads of luminescent orange like the glow of late afternoon sun were clinging to the tips of her fingers. He reached towards them; they brushed his hand, felt warm and faintly charged, but didn’t linger.
“I’m hallucinating,” Steve murmured. “This is my mind just trying to think of more excuses. I’ve been dreaming, and now I’m just—”
Even if everything else about them was broken, they still were so good at this. It made Tony want to cry, too.
, which, yeah, Clint was going to have to have a serious talk with Fury about SHEILD’s fake-your-death department, because this was actually one of the better scenarios Clint could think of wherein it was found out that one of his old aliases wasn’t as defunct as generally believed.
Pepper opened her eyes over Tony’s shoulder and twitched. Tony immediately came to a halt, twisting back to follow her focus. “Cap,” he said, the electronic voice blank with surprise. “Were you looking for one of us?”
Steve knew enough about Tony at this point that he was fully prepared to step in and prevent Tony slugging Bucky in the face at this point. Instead, however, Tony narrowed his eyes slightly before baring his teeth in something resembling a grin. He pointed at the empty space where Bucky’s arm should have been.
“No,” Clint says, and then they’re all turning their focus to him. He’s holding his hands out like they’re poisonous, palms upward.
“How is that, anyway?” Bruce asked. “You seemed to adapt pretty quickly, but there must be some limitations.”
“You’re one of the ruder people I tolerate. You absolutely saw something.” She cocked her head. “But maybe you don’t believe it?”
“I put my name out because I was willing to be accountable,” she had said, eyes still damnably warm, but also sad. “I stand by that. I stand by the reasons behind it. I joined SHIELD before, remember? I stand by that, too.”
“Pretty sure you’re not military, least not technically. What is SHIELD supposed to be, anyway, other than a shady intergovernmental hive? You guys have badges, and yet—”
Steve stolidly ignored Helen’s eyebrows, which were climbing up her forehead. “No rush,” he said, a little unsteadily. He took a sip of the wine and tried to concentrate on the complexity, letting it sit on his tongue.
Saw Peggy today. She’s just the same. Sometimes, at least. I hadn’t wanted to look for her, knowing how much time’s passed, and I’d looked up Dum Dum and Morita already and couldn’t
She’d found this was the easiest way, in the past few years. No histrionics, no outrage, just the plain question. It had cleared a lot of air between them, and when Morgan had come, a lot of Tony’s motivations became a lot more relatable to Pepper. He was all heart, and she was all patience—it had taken hard work, but they understood each other now.
She set her laptop down on the coffee table, and carefully kissed his cheek. He felt it like it was through several layers of plastic wrap. “Of course,” she said. “I’ll be upstairs.” She snagged a sandwich, and thanked Sam as she headed up the stairs.
He whirled around. The streets were emptied, everyone taking shelter. No one saw him. For the first time since before Rebirth, he felt the unmistakable symptoms of a migraine coming on.
“See, this is why you should always take the power of propaganda seriously. I’m looking at you and I want to buy war bonds. Several of them. Hell, maybe a hundred. Posters didn’t do you justice, by the way, but you probably already knew that. Neither did the comics, though if you repeat that to anyone we will have strong words. Hey, do we even have a name for you?” Tony wanders to the end of the table where the physician had left his clip board. “Steve Rogers. Very American, I like it. Dad never actually told me your whole name; you were always just ‘the Captain’. He squirrelled it away like everything else he did during the war.”
“You’re outvoted, Tony,” Steve says, sounding strangled. He has a strange, small smile on his face when he looks at Tony, though. And it apparently functions like kryptonite on Tony.
“Jim and I are going to do some organizing upstairs, but call us if you need anything,” Pepper said, munching on toast. “I have the suit available if you need any extra heavy lifting done, too.”
He just tried to be good. To do well by his host, do the work he was tasked with, and stay away from where he wasn't wanted or needed. It wasn’t too hard, and it didn’t require a fight. And it felt okay, for a while.
“Fuck, fuck, fuck, come on Steve, snap out of it,” the suit chanted, sounding like Tony but also very much not. It got its arm around Steve’s back and knees, and then lifting him bodily off the ground like he weighed nothing. “Can we clear a way to the couch?”
“You shouldn’t,” Natasha replied. “But you shouldn’t worry either, not for a while. With his herald taken from him, he’ll be a while looking for another. And we’ll be issuing a warning to him. That should keep him away from this Earth for some time.”
“Energy readings are low, but they’re not dropping any further,” Strange confirmed, drawing sigils in the air. “He wasn’t fully displaced, but his autonomic systems aren’t fully engaged. We might need to shock him.”
Steve showered and changed and considered going straight to bed, but his stomach would be eating itself by midnight if he did that, so he grabbed sweatpants and a shirt and came back down to the smell of spice and milk.
He was struck, suddenly, by the memory of sharing a cramped bed in Clint’s farmhouse, of suggesting sleeping head-to-toe and Tony making a disgusted noise.
“No,” Tony said eventually. “However, I have just about had it with this one super irritating bug in the suit’s ventilation system, and need to talk at someone who isn’t a product of my brain in order to maybe get to the bottom of it. Can that someone be you?”
“Is a magician!” Tony protested. “And also told me to die for the good of the universe, so fuck him!”
“Except in very extreme circumstances,” Coulson murmured. Hill shot him a look, but didn’t disagree. The three of them were fascinating, Steve thought. Three distinctly different brands of military training, composure, and poker faces. Hill and Coulson were more similar to each other, with the squared shoulders and straight backs Steve recognised from training camp, but somewhere along the way they’d had divergent career paths before ending up at SHIELD. As for Natasha...Steve couldn’t get a read on her at all. He suspected that this was, for her part, on purpose.
A long, awful silence, and then the shrouded figure nodded. She reached out a hand, and interlaced their fingers. The armor felt cool and silky to the touch, like fine chainmail lying flat against her skin. It rippled slightly at her touch. She tried not to find it too uncanny, and didn’t fully succeed. She’d lived through a lot of transformations over the course of her partnership with Tony, but
“There you both are,” Sam said from his spot in front of the arranged food. He appeared to have cooked again. “Good morning.”
Did that mean Steve had never claimed someone else before him? Had he never had a young and rushed love that ended in separation? Someone out there didn’t carry an old bite wound that had belonged to Steve once?
“Then think on it. Work is yours if you want it. Just show up and we’ll work out the kinks of our agreement. Days you’ll come in and what you accept and what you don’t. No need to worry you’ll be working on some shady business.”
he would mark, print and paint his name all over. Runes were true potential. They were the future. It was only a darn shame, and
Brucie, who he had shared a shack with, whom he had gone through thick and thin in a timeframe of a couple of months side by side, who he entrusted to watch over his two children -
Tony covered his mouth to stifle a laugh that threatened to escape. He was sat comfortably on a sunken stone far away from the chaos with a smiling Steve tucked between his legs and chest-deep in the water. He didn’t have the greatest view but he heard every sound, every cry of help and every shriek of despair. It was all music to his ears.
Which was why just the thought of Steve and their pack leaving for days left such a hollow feeling in his chest. To be so far away from him and them… he didn’t want to be left behind. He didn’t want to be alone. Away from the security of his family and remaining oblivious to their status. To be worried and wondering if they were coming back with injuries or not coming back at all.
Tony waved away the concern, not daring to see the well executed act. “Just need to get the feeling back on my legs.” He tried to plant his feet under him but they bent awkwardly and uncomfortably at his ankles when he put pressure down. He couldn’t feel anything from the numbness but he knew there was supposed to be pain flaring up his leg.
That was his selfish side speaking. He couldn’t force anyone to have faith in him. He had to earn it and he was willing to work and take every step until Steve, Rhodey and their packmates had a true reason to be proud of him.
for the very reason he had once feared would put his alpha off. For being a brazen omega with uncontrolled urges. The reason Steve now seemed to be eagerly taking part in and even encouraging.
Tony didn’t think he would have a good night, considering what was to come the following morning. After this night his search for a new pack would begin and the odds of that happening were not in his favor. For one, he had age against him. He was in his forties and not exactly the healthiest he's ever been. He was well past his physical usefulness to the pack when it came to fighting or even traveling. He could hardly walk long distances without getting winded now or carry heavy weights without straining his back. On top of that, he was also an omega and omegas were typically used to show-off as a prize or mother hen the pack. On rare occasions, omegas could join along the pack in battles, but the pack usually preferred having the omegas safe and sound and away from the danger.
When could he have possibly met Steve? Had he ever met him, or were they talking about someone else?
The alpha didn’t even let him take a step back, throwing his equipment down and removing his gloves before crossing his arms and giving a vibe that he wasn’t going to let Tony leave until he got an answer. “Listen, you obviously came in here with something in mind. If you’re not looking to buy are you looking to repair? What about that thing in your bag?”
Tony waved at them timidly. The motion seemed to snap the Avengers from their surprise as each and every one of them gave their own versions of smiles and grins. And while their reactions were a good sign he focused on the one that truly had the final say. He locked eyes with Steve and took notice of how the young alpha looked resigned for the brief moment as he processed their arrival. Then, when he finally realized who he was looking at, the resigned look melted away and hope, delight and a guarded appearance took over. His eyes were asking a question and Tony had an idea what that question was.
to the second floor. He was crawling his way up, jumped to latch onto the edge of a window, somehow was able to unlock it and slid inside.
. The whole chest out, chin up and radiating smugness with a cocky grin that young alphas were prone to do when he answered. “Something like that.”
Jarvis flapped his wings and whistled for Tony’s attention. “Will you be finishing that, Sir?” he asked while eying the bitten peach.
Jarvis whistled in agreement before curling up and nesting again on Bruce’s shoulder. Tony adjusted Vision on his hip and began the walk back to the shacks with wobbly legs and a limping strut. There was no way it didn’t go unnoticed and, just as Tony was learning to expect after hanging out with the Avengers for the day, Steve automatically went to his side with a concerned face and said “Are you alright to walk? We can wait for you,” keeping character.
The alpha began pulling out but Tony quickly wrapped his legs around his hips to keep him still. “Sweetheart…” Steve appeared lost now.
Tony blinked at the offered clothing. For a moment he thought the alpha was presenting the coat to hide away his bony body and save the Avengers’ eyesight, but that smile was too caring to be insulting him in any way. His chest fluttered as he reached for the coat and he whispered a ‘thank you’ before turning his body to put it on. When he turned back he found all the Avengers looking away from him and Steve trying his hardest to look innocent but failing. Even Bruce had looked away but he appeared to be holding back a laugh. Tony frowned but left it alone.
Most of all, he’s grateful Tony is still with him and begs with all his might it never happens again.
“It only takes a cornered animal seconds to slaughter.” There’s a grave tone in Thor’s voice. One that suggests it’s not meant to be a simple saying.
“No offense to the Avengers, but maybe them seeing me isn’t a good idea. They could pick up to what everyone is terrified of me for and attack. I’d rather not be known as the omega who killed the most famous war pack around.”
With a grin, Tony returned his gaze to Steve and was taken back when he found the alpha looking dejected. Was he really that upset about Tony not joining in their swim? It wasn’t as if they needed him to have fun in the water. He was about to say so when Vision suddenly started releasing a string of noise and tried rolling out of Tony’s crossed legs. Tony unhooked his feet and put them to the side to allow the little machine to roll to freedom.
When Tony first held the egg he had panicked. He didn’t know the first thing about taking care of a helpless infant, didn’t plan on ever taking care of an infant, but taking care of an egg that later became a blind, pink, twitching body that required food? Tony shoved the box incubating the egg back at Rhodey, but his friend refused to take it. It was a gift and you don’t return gifts, Rhodey had said so. He had also said he believed in Tony and knew he would take care of the egg as if it was the most important thing in his life… and he had been right. Tony was reluctant, but he accepted the gift and he’d be damned if he didn’t at least
Tony grabbed the hand and gave it a gentle kiss on its palm. “I’ll remember, Steve.” Arms wrapped around him, pulling him closer. Iron and stiff hide poked at his skin. His only defense his thin night clothing. “I traveled the roads before. This isn’t my first time.”
that Hammer had ruined so much for him. The alpha had ruined something many took part in and always expressed delight for and made Tony believe he was the only one destined to suffer through it and Tony was
. He didn’t need to turn around to see who’s arm was wrapped protectively around his middle. He could smell it all around him. The wonderful smell that could only come from Steve. In the air, the soft furs he lied on, the pillow he rested on, the smell coming in herds behind him along with the warmth of the alpha’s body plastered on his back. If he were to take a deep enough breath he could note the smell of himself mixed in with Steve’s scent, almost as if making a claim on the alpha.
It was not until he walked out of his home and saw a lone kid playing with the snow surrounding their neighborhood that Steve found his gift. Steve had never seen this kid before. He was a complete stranger, and yet the kid walked up to him like a friend.
He would have continued staring at the pair if the alpha resting on him didn’t make a rumbling whine and shifted. Steve’s chest expanded as he took in a deep breath and he rotated his head so his snout was tucked behind Tony’s ear.
Tony didn’t really know what else to do to make an impression besides fixing Steve’s coat around his body and pressing away the wrinkles. As for his hair Jarvis was already working on that, grabbing strands with his beak and claws and adjusting any that strayed away and poked out.
“Are you -” he started, wanting to ask if the alpha was laughing at him but quickly stopped when his voice cracked, last night making an appearance and causing him to turn red in embarrassment at how overused his voice sounded.
When Steve deemed the tears gone he settle down on the ground, pawing softly in a manner suggesting he wanted to get closer. Tony looked to a spot on the ground before nodding, not having the courage to meet Steve's eye after his mind decided to unhelpfully bring up the past life he lived. He didn't want Steve to see.
“Can you tell us about when you got them?” Jan said as she clapped her hands together. “They're so cute.”
Tony watched in disbelief as Steve charged for the shifted wolf that most resembled a malnourished coyote. Sharp edges and appearing ill the wolf truly underestimated Steve and soon regretted challenging him, but regret was not going to stop Steve. The scent of blood filled the air along with absolute terror, and urine. Two of the three that remained took it upon themselves to try and challenge Steve together, hoping getting Steve outnumbered would favor their odds, but it only angered Steve further. The third did the wise decision and fled.
“I’ll miss this little fool’s errand,” he said, pouring whiskey into tin mugs. “Though I guess it was less foolish than I thought.”
“Did it ever occur to you,” he says, scrubbing a hand across his face, “That I might have people to protect? Just like you?”
” the herald said, covetous, reaching towards Tony with an open hand. Tony leaned back. It didn’t seem to bother the herald, who just closed his fist on air, and then
Steve picked up after the fourth ring. “You need something, Stark?” His voice sounded thick, like he had a cold.
“Stark?” Cap echoed, struggling to sit up. Not wanting to turn his back on Fury, but feeling concern anyway, Tony turned to help him and put a hand tentatively on Cap’s wrist. Cap looked at him, watchful, but more trusting than Tony deserved. He tried to keep his voice steady.
He mulled this over. Put it together with the glimpses and impressions he’d caught of her contact with Tony.
Bruce was very pale when he finished. Clint was so quiet Tony wasn’t sure whether he was about to be thanked or punched. “That’s what she said?” he said, for the third time, each time progressively more flat. “She had work to do?”
Steve’s face goes soft. Tony hates it when that happens; it means that he is no longer in control of what happens next.
“I’d consider it,” Steve said, feeling a smile beginning to work its way into the corners of his mouth. “Add a splash of blue, maybe. Just so you match it.”
Conference room, all iron and glass. Could be anywhere, but Tony was wearing the same tie he wore when he asked Steve to sign the Accords. “Hi, Tony,” he heard himself say.
Jane snorts, sitting back and letting her hands fall into her lap. Her fingers, in addition to being greasy, are also seriously ink-stained. She probably has smudges on her face, too. “I should probably take a break,” she mutters.
Slowly, Steve crosses the room. He’s in his civvies, having purposefully left his shield at home, and he feels underdressed in his jeans next to Tony’s bespoke suit. “You can explain to me,” he says slowly, sitting down in one of the ergonomic client chairs, “How a guy who told Congress to fuck right off over his intellectual property can suddenly turn around and act holier-than-thou about vigilantism.”
“Maybe both,” she suggests, and then the sparkle spreads to the most minute of Mona Lisa smiles. It makes her whole demeanour light up. Jim finds himself, despite the panic that landed him here, snorting and letting his shoulders drop. He’s always been a sucker for competence, and she is so clearly that and more.
“What could they possibly need?” Clint demands. “All you need to debrief us is a stack of forms, a legal pad, and–”
“Let me just,” Helen leaned forward and with practiced swiftness, removed the intubation. Tony’s eyes flew open, and as she pulled out the last of the tubing, he coughed violently and tried to sit up.
“You do realise that as soon as you start asking them about Jameson’s analysis of free-floating signifiers and how that compares to Stein’s portraits of artists they’re going to be very assured of who’s in charge, right?”
“Obviously,” Clint said, not opening his eyes. It didn’t come out unkindly, which was good. He hadn’t mean it to be unkind.
It was worse—his arms came up around her, so carefully, and she could feel him trying to soften. Trying and failing.
“I think so,” Steve nodded, shuffling his feet. “Had a few starting ideas I wanted to run past you.” The two of them together, at ease, made him unaccountably nervous.
Tony looks at where he’s standing with an air of surprise. “You have fifteen minutes before it starts,” he says, “And the seminar room is down the hall.”
Pepper leaned back and winced a little when her head hit metal. Tony steadied her with a hand on her hip. “Well,” she said.
So obviously, working on transparent screens, with Steve right there, napping with a tablet on his chest and a notebook tucked under his thigh, in plain sight, was out of the question for Tony. Time to get his hands dirty.
Anyway. The damn bridge malfunctions, because there’s no other reason for why Thor should end up in Kansas for fuck’s sake.
Pepper set about a new pot of coffee, and slowly the rest of the household joined them—Happy first, then Bruce, both of whom were mostly non-verbal until midday.
She gave him an odd look. “No, why would we do that? No sign of frostbite, some buildup of fluid in the large joints but those are draining--”
Then the lights go on the fritz for a week. Steve contacts the super, and gets a vague response about them working on it.
“Crowded. But kind of nice. Sam and Rhodes are bonding over pilot stuff. Gonna have to pry him away with a crowbar if we stay much longer.”
“What, no dinner first?” Tony says, but his voice is a little wavery. He’s looking at the both of them with wide eyes.
It’s never distinct, and nine times out of ten it’s a woman’s scarf as she walks past, or a double-decker bus just disappearing around a bend. (They’re staying in London for now–there’s cleanup to get through, and readings to take in the aftermath of Malekith. Ian is desperately happy to have them all around (especially Darcy, obviously, they’re kind of gross at this point), but more importantly, SHIELD is pleased to make Jane’s lab their port of call while they coordinate with local authorities. Jane still doesn’t like them, but she’s getting used to Sitwell, who brings her sandwiches sometimes.) But in between debriefs with suits and burying herself in work, there are those slivers of red, fading quickly, but incontrovertible, and certainly not always explainable.
“Moooom! Steve says he’s gonna stay!” Pepper’s daughter announced, running up from inside the house. Morgan, that was her name. She trailed futures behind her like gold dust. Children were often like that, to Stephen’s eyes, but Morgan seemed particularly laden with potential. He supposed that was only to be expected, with parents like hers.
“I think we’ll need to,” Helen chimed in, from behind her constantly shifting set of screens. “We’re running out of space, now that Tony’s gone full engineer.”
Fury raised an eyebrow. “I’ll tell you,” he said, “But I’m not gonna repeat myself, so get Coulson in the central conference room in ten, and we’ll go from there.”
Steve exhaled. It was...easy, so easy all of a sudden, in a way it never had been before. “Cutting the ribbon,” he said. “For the Outside Initiative. At least, that’s where I want to be.”
“Kidding, jeez. About the replacement, but not about the interesting. Stark’s got a mouth on him, just like his old man.”
After dinner, it was too late to excuse himself, or even figure out where he was going next. Sam and Bucky had headed to DC after the funeral, and he could join them, but.
“Probably," Steve said, rubbing the back of his neck. "I got a brief call from Natasha the other day saying she was being transferred to a new op, maybe serious, something to do with an agent that’s been compromised. They may actually need me around, instead of just keeping me on site and on call. Iron Man too, if it’s really bad.”
Natasha’s eyebrow paused, and then went high up on her brow. “I was talking about the tower,” she said slowly. “But good to know.”
“You were drilling yesterday too?” Steve feels like he should have noticed that, though in fairness he’d been at the studio most of the time that day and then worked at the bar until 1am before returned exhausted to his place.
He tried to obey, finding the rhythm of the song, the walking bass and the syncopated, delicate treble.
“With me staying like this for the foreseeable. We knew we had to, if it was going to be for longer than a few days.”
“Good thing I kept this house off the grid,” Tony muttered. “And installed an arc reactor for a generator.”
He had a chance to absorb that he was posing as a programmer trying to get into some tech mogul’s good graces while Ethan was going after a terrorist cell’s paper trail, Carter was distracting the real programmer and Benji was doing…Benji things.
They are marathon arguers. Bucky hasn’t been this emotionally exhausted by someone else’s problems since Steve tried to join the army. And that’s
The setup, all told, was relatively simple. The port system, (still grotesquely shaped), connected at the top of the cradle where the power source also plugged in. Tony just needed to connect himself to the port, the Cradle would power on, and then presumably the transfer would happen. Steve was a little unclear about the science of that, but that wasn’t exactly a surprise to him.
“Apparently she can, though not often, and not for long,” Steve said. “She wanted to share some intel.”
“Yep.” He closed his eyes again. Nestled further in against the trunk of the tree. “You know he’s gonna be the one taking the trip.” He could stay here for a while yet, until Laura came and got him. Hopefully by then the emptiness wouldn’t howl quite so loud inside of him. Bittersweetness could taste worse than tragedy, sometimes.
Darcy pushes the coffee cup further towards Jane, and then leaves in a whirl of knitwear. Jane breathes, staring through the stack of energy readings in front of her. They were unanimous and clear: the laws physics were working again. The holes between the realms are sealed, impossible to reopen without another convergence, or the help of the bifrost.
Steve shrugged. “Right now, I’m too tired to even get a proper spin on it. Could be another week before I’m back to something approaching capable. And anyway, I think I’ve done my last work with it. Time for someone else to give it a try.” He raised his chin and looked back at Sam straight on. “You up for it?”
Tony nodded. His face smoothed out into near featurelessness—a newly developed defense mechanism, Steve surmised, and much more effective than any Tony had at his disposal when in his normal body.
He was going to sleep, then make bacon, then redraft the Outside Initiative. He was going to present it to Pepper, and maybe steal a dance with her, and then he'd steal another one with Tony. He’d help Jim with the grill, and interrogate Helen about what exactly they had to worry about, now that Tony was 260% of himself. He’d make himself ready for that, whatever that meant. Maybe call up Sam and Bucky, just to check in, but also to get a lay of the land. His world could get bigger again, but he'd make sure that it was better, this time.
It was Steve’s obvious enjoyment of every task that filled Tony with a sort of peaceful acceptance. For while he could be grouchy because his joints were hurting or because his arthritis was continuing its tireless task of twisting a few of Tony’s fingers into ridiculous angles, how could he remain grouchy when Steve took said finger into his warm palms several times a day and massaged the joint? How could he be depressed when being a ‘burden’ seemed to make Steve Stark the happiest man on earth?
Confused, he opened his eyes. Perhaps he had moved away from Tony during the night. But he had not, and the hand in his own palm was now cold. He touched Tony’s cheek, cupped it only to realize that though still supple, it was cold too.
When had the noise begun then? Had it been after the loss of his parents? The loss of Edwin Jarvis? Had it begun to drown out the lure of drugs and alcohol?
He chuckled, embarrassed at himself and for the first time while Tony was conscious, Steve leaned forward and pressed a kiss to Tony’s smooth cheek. He stayed there, running his lips over the soft skin of Tony’s face, inhaling his scent. Tony, noting the warmth that was pressing against him brought his clumsy left hand to touch Steve’s hair. It was the first time Steve invaded his personal space, when Tony showered Steve made sure to keep a small distance and keep his eyes averted. But now Steve was just so warm and his hair so smooth and he was just so real in Tony’s arms that without thinking he scooted over so as to give Steve some room to lay down on the bed beside him. Steve’s pained smile widened into a full beam of pleased satisfaction and he climbed onto the bed so quickly he made them both bounce.
Killian, it seemed, had continually made her uncomfortable with constant requests to go out on a date. Ironically enough, the young red-head felt safe in Tony’s employment because it was obvious he was in a committed relationship and felt that Tony had no sexual interest in her whatsoever.
Tony opened his mouth, about to argue, about to demand answers but then he closed it, a strange look spreading across his face.
The change is instantaneous, like gravity guiding an apple into the ground. One moment Tony is tense and grave and the next he is not. He looks at Steve in wonderment… in awe, and allows himself to smile sheepishly at his lover. He rushes closer to Steve’s large frame and allows himself to get lost in the infinite warmth of his love.
Drugs had not been touched since the first night they kissed. Steve made it clear after that that he wouldn’t tolerate Tony taking recreational drugs ever again. The warning had been strong enough that Tony had stayed away. But what could Steve do to make sure Tony didn’t fall onto the temptation? What could Steve do, other than scare tactics, to ensure his Tony would not repeat old patterns?
Tony tears his eyes away from the computer screens and smiles up at his daughter. “Thanks sweetheart.” He hears his own back crack as he stands and Sigrid giggles at the sound.
“I was raised in a government orphanage Sir, but I received my combat training when I joined the army.”
There would be question, Steve knew. So many questions. Tony would want to know why this young woman treated him like a god, the rest of the Avengers would want a nice, concise explanation about everything (which they wouldn't get). Most importantly, they’d have to figure out a way to know where the worst of the earthquake would hit and he still had to make himself look upon the face of an older Alaska Rhodes on a screen.
“Because it’s not as bad as it looks! Putting weight on it isn’t bothering me that much and as long as I avoid putting pressure on my side, I’m fine!”
As Tony’s fingers tangled in Steve’s blonde hair, wrenching a blocked moan off Steve, he thought about little Steve Rogers up in his little room in the Avengers compound and how he would never, ever know the smell of Tony’s skin, the taste of his sweat, the sound of his moans. The satisfaction of that thought alone had him spilling into his pants with a choked gasp.
The ‘Sir’ he still couldn’t break her out of but it was better than ‘My Saviour.’ He came to sit beside the girl, her eyes filling with awe at the gesture.
They couldn’t look away from each other. In fact every single instant that Tony was awake nowadays was spent looking at Steve, as if they both couldn’t get their fill. Tony couldn’t manage more than two words at once so now it was up to Steve to fill in the silence, up to him to entertain Tony, up to him to make sure the bedridden man felt loved.
Brown pools of vulnerability looked back at him, eyes which had never seen a day without Steve in it for nineteen years.
He waited heartbeat after heartbeat until finally he heard a door slide open and close. Looking back at the house Steve caught his first glimpse of Tony Stark in over sixty years- dark curly hair, handsome boyish charm and a walk that had attitude written all over it. Steve watched as the eighteen year old walked out into the garden toward him, a nervous smile on his red lips. He was all smooth skin and crystal clear eyes, all sweet charm and cocky youth.
He gets up and walks to a small fridge carefully tucked away by a corner. He inputs a digit password onto a small pad and waits for the sound of the lock swiping open.
It was all very emotional, Natasha told them when she reported back. There were hugs and tears and apologies galore. Tony was happy to hear it, Steve couldn’t help the snort that forced its way out of the bowels of his guts.
Staff rushed to their feet as they saw him pass. Some kept their gazes lowered in respect while others broke protocol to steal shy, excited glances. No one here was over 35 years old so no one here thought the commander less than a living deity. The High Commander could feel the awe and respect in their stance, in their gaze, and in the presence of such support he allowed himself to coax his lips into a soft, welcoming smile of sorts.
“Like death. I’ve got to go make sure those idiots don’t unfreeze him. He needs to stay in cryo for the next couple decades.”
At first he noticed he was lying on a bed under a blanket. Next he realized he was thirsty, thirsty in a way he’d never been in his whole life. He opened his eyes slowly, drowsy and took in his surroundings. He was in a medium sized room, light blue in colour, drywall all around. It was almost completely bare except for the bed he was lying on and what looked to be a night table by the side, a night table with a bottle of Gatorade on it. He reached for it, noticed it was uncapped and that his hand left hand shook at the movement. Slowly, he wrapped his fingers around the bottle and brought it close to him. As he sat up a little to take a long gulp, a wave of dizziness blinded him. He fought against it, his lips wrapping greedily around the neck of the bottle, gulping down the liquid. Then he noticed something else, his right wrist was cuffed, it was cuffed because he was chained. The sudden wave of adrenaline that filled Tony’s system gave him the strength to sit up on the bed, his head swimming. He took a proper look at the chain then, at one end was his wrist at the other, a bed leg. Interestingly enough, whoever had chained him had bothered to wrap a sweatband around his wrist, beneath the cuff, to prevent it from cutting into him.
It’d taken him over fifty years to get all the necessary components. Decades of dealing with galaxy scavengers for knowledge tomes, years of hunting down infinity stone dust and Arc Reactors and Wakandan minerals. Trillions of dollars spent collecting all the necessary components and culminating in this exact moment. He wished Peter was still alive to see this. Peter Parker who had worked so tirelessly to make this a reality in his lifetime, only to die so suddenly from cancer that he couldn’t see it completed.
“Figured I can start easing you off the meds a little. Give you a little more room to be yourself, I miss you”
After five straight weeks, Steve books Tony an appointment to see a doctor. Dr. Donald Blake comes highly recommended, he’s a good internist or so Steve’s research says. He bundles Tony up on a cold morning and drags his grumpy ass all the way to the hospital. Dr. Blake, it turns out, is tall, broad and endlessly charming. He’s able to immediately put Tony at ease. They’ll order a couple of brain scans and some bloodwork, do a thorough check up.
Bucky Barnes came out of cryo-sleep at the end of 2012. Tony insisted on setting up the mind-washed former Soldier with the best mental health team money could buy and a few days after Bucky woke up, Steve Rogers was summoned to collect his best friend.
He understood the real question, the need for reaffirmation that was so uniquely Tony, but why did his opinion matter? In the past eleven months Tony had proven to the world that he was a man to be respected and admired by his own merits and intelligence. So why should Steve’s opinion matter on something so inherently Tony Stark?
“Yes. So don’t think you can come here and use my husband to threaten me. You might be Captain America but I’ve been you longer than you’ve been alive so let’s just stay out of each other’s way, boy.”
Tony stretched out his hand in a self-conscious manner, as if trying to remember everything he’d ever been taught about hand shaking in a single instant. But Steve’s hand took hold of Tony’s before the boy had time to worry.
The only reason they were able to effectively eliminate so many was because Steve had long ago memorized the names of every early Hydra agent that had hidden inside SHIELD. It’d just been one of those weird things he’d done to pass the time during his mandatory involuntary commitment in that psychiatric ward before the Regime war. For any new agents that joined, there was a handy little test attached to the mandatory polygraph for candidates that was proving great at weeding out the garbage. The last of said garbage however, proved to be harder to get rid of than the rest.
Then came the night Tony and Steve spent three hours doing nothing except lying in bed staring at each other and Steve knew, he just knew his invasion had been successful. Tony clung to him like nothing ever had, clung to his words, to his touch, to his very sight and oh how Steve relished it.
But that would mean he’d have to be willing to play by their rules. To fight side by side with another Steve Rogers, another Bucky Barnes.
With one hand on Tony’s head and his right arm across Tony’s back, Steve had enough leverage to press the young man against him as he coaxed Tony’s mouth open with his lips. He kept Tony securely in place while he plundered the warm, willing mouth that could do little but open wide and try to reciprocate with his tongue. It was a filthy kiss, one that felt like sex with the way Steve nipped and suckled and drew Tony in so deep all Tony could do was remember how to breathe. Then Tony was hard again and he gave into it, rocking forward into Steve’s belly with the towel between them. The friction was delicious and Steve let Tony rock into him while continuing his assault on Tony’s mouth. The rocking only lasted a few more seconds before Tony was spilling himself onto the towel. The short-enduring libido charmed Steve, for it spoke of inexperience which went against all the rumours he’d heard about Tony’s youth.
“I adore you.” Steve whispered as he felt Tony’s body relax into sleep under the caresses. Tony’s only reply was a satisfied sigh of his own.
Should he be disturbed that Steve had been hearing every word he’d said to the wonder twins? That Steve felt the need to invade his so-called-privacy because Tony pushed on and got what he wanted? He should, he really should and yet, when he weighed the two courses of action before him, he knew which he preferred.
This unexpected last addition is dedicated to every single person who has continued showing an interest in this story over the years. Thank you for your comments, for your support and for your time. You helped keep this story well dusted in my mind and I know it took a while but I hope not to disappoint you.
Whatever happened around this time in Steve’s dimension must have been so catastrophic and traumatic that this was merely a rain storm in comparison. That’s why Steve was so relaxed. Tony knew from Eliza that an alien warlord had invaded, logically the evil alien warlord must have had technology and weapons beyond anything from earth, which probably meant millions of people died. If millions had died, the planet had been decimated. Humanity had obviously survived but somewhere in the rubble Steve had emerged as what Eliza referred to him as, High Commander Rogers.
Tired of denying himself, Steve lunged forward, capturing Tony’s lips in a truly filthy kiss that was all teeth and tongue and ownership. They kissed until Tony was gasping for air, lightheaded from both the exertion and the loss of oxygen.
Tony’s the only real, good thing he’d ever had… his Tony who’s all goodness and sweetness and kindness.
Part of Tony wanted to blurt out that that hadn’t been even remotely close to an argument, but then he thought back to something Steve said to him years ago, back when he was still having nightmares after Afghanistan. “We all handle trauma differently sweetheart. Some self-destruct, others compartmentalize and some use it to make them stronger. It all depends on which type of person you are.”
There was such desperation in the question, such pure self-loathing that Steve could kill Howard with his own hands for his role in it.
“Nope, no chance in hell Bruce. You know Jane didn’t want him in the picture and Jane’s scary lawyer mom has every intention of enforcing that.”
Tony stared at the cell phone in his hands for longer than he’d care to admit. He was sitting on the loveseat close to the chimney in the living room wearing sweatpants, fluffy socks and a sweater. They’d finished eating breakfast in the kitchen island two hours ago but had somehow gotten to talking about nothing in particular. The sound of Steve putting a cup of tea on the coffee table in front of Tony made the brunette suddenly freeze and look at Steve.
They thank Dr. Blake with the relief of the saved. They kiss and touch and rejoice with the knowledge that whatever Tony has, is manageable and not a death sentence.
Her excitement becomes nausea all too quickly, for finally, after all these years she finally understands why her Daddy does not want to date other guys. After all, why would he want to when his partner just up and left him for a woman?
Yet the more he looked the more he found. His trip to Staten Island with the wonder twins was fun. They had a good professional relationship and much to his surprise, he found that both Bucky and Cap enjoyed Tony’s banter and answered him back. Overall they had a good time, a fun day even. Steve Rogers, without the heavy gaze of Steve Stark nearby was actually quite the troll. Tony expected to get a couple of calls from Steve throughout the day, a few texts maybe but… Steve never called him.
“First of all, it wasn’t a hundred years ago.” ‘At least for you’ he added mentally. “Second, how do you know about vita rays?”
He finished the bottle of Gatorade and was placing back on the nightstand when he heard the wooden door unlock. The adrenaline returned and Tony braced himself for whatever came, pushing the dizziness away. The door was pushed open slowly, revealing, little by little, a tall, broad man carrying a food tray. Once fully inside the room the man used his back to shut the door and Tony looked at his face.
“Your studies in neurology are legendary! I use your therapies for reconnecting nerves in the field!”
Steve could make time stand still for Tony, could make him feel safe and loved with just one word, one touch. Steve could whisper a reassuring phrase in Tony’s ear in just the right voice and suddenly Tony felt ten feet high and ready to take on the world. By the sixth month Steve knew something had changed because the wild, half-mad urgency had left Tony’s body. Now Tony wanted slow, deep thrusts, wanted to kiss all through sex, wanted Steve to hold him all through the night, wanted Steve to hear all about his latest project, his genius thought.
had to hurt. “It’s not you, I swear. I’m just overwhelmed.” It was partially true. He was overwhelmed, frustrated,
Tony felt the tension release from his body. These were good reactions. None of his packmates were moving to attack the Hulk and many already appeared accepting. Thor helping along in his own way and Natasha preventing any thoughts of acts against the giant from forming increased the chances further. So far Steve himself hadn’t reacted negatively and with luck, he wouldn’t. They would come to bond with Hulk and have nothing to fear.
“Doesn’t he look incredible?” Jan said, stretching her arms to him in presentation yet her eyes were only on Steve.
He couldn't see Steve's reaction, but from the corner of his eye, he could see his mate was looking at him. Eyes of condolence, Tony would imagine. That seemed in character for his alpha. Always worried for him.
“Of course they did, Steve. I haven’t seen them in years. If you were to reunite with Bucky after being separated for years how would you react?”
“Then they would’ve run the other way. The stench of the deceased isn’t exactly enticing, Honey Bear. They won’t come close to me right now.”
Just like that both the cockatoo and machine stood straight as if never having posed in the first place and clawed and rolled back towards Tony. He reached his arm out in order to let Jarvis walk over and reach his shoulder and gave Vision a pat over his metal head. When they settled down he gave the beta a sheepish smile. “So that’s Jarvis and this is Vision. Stay on their good side and you have nothing to worry about. Get on their bad and you’ll have a bird attacking you from the sky and a machine rolling over your toes.”
Tony’s lips wobbled slightly as he tried to smile. “I believe you.” He closed his eyes, hoping it was enough. “I believe you.”
Tony could see her struggling to say what she meant by that. If he was understanding correctly, Hank reacted to his heat because of these negative memories he, and Jan, associated heats with. If Tony were to guess, he’d say the bad experiences came from a beta’s biological structure where, male or female, they both were capable of setting off a heat or a rut but only with the help of a partner or alchemy. With a partner, they’d have to work their way together for their bodies to adjust through pheromones and intimate touches until either a heat or rut broke, assigning their roles for either the bearer or sire. While with the help of alchemy, they’d have to drink the mixture that aided in bringing out their desired outcome. Both options took time, and never guaranteed success.
He felt teeth on his ear and the yank that followed caused him to yip. He batted Rhodey's face in revenge.
painful injuries. Perhaps a broken finger for every misbehaviour on your part. You don’t want that now, Darling. You
Tony took care to wash his legs and spots where Steve couldn't reach. When they were deemed wet enough he leaned for the oils and lathered one of the rags with it, running it over his arms and shoulders, sides and over his belly. From behind he could feel his alpha doing the same.
“And you shouldn’t need to walk on eggshells for me,” frustration leaked into his voice. Why couldn’t he just
The same one that spoke first leaned in, causing Tony to quickly act and avoid colliding with it, “It was not the dragon that decided to arrive. The dragon has no control. It was you, was it not, human?”
“Sir, before you go into a self-induced panic, please take a deep breath. I am still present and I am unharmed.” Jarvis trotted over to him. “You must understand. I can offer a different perspective of the field. If I am capable of spotting dangers others could easily miss would it not be logical to take that risk? I can not simply stand by without acting when my input can help prevent injuries and keep you safe.” The cockatoo hopped to stand on Tony’s knee. “If you were to come to harm while I didn’t act I feel the responsibility falls on me.”
He was prepared for torture on himself. He was never prepared for torture on his omega. On his mate. On his home.
“No arguments here,” Clint rushed out, “so do us a favor and all of you get off. I think we’re breaking Tony and the last thing we want is to make Steve upset.”
“Sir, we shall make noise and continue to do so should you decide not to move. Do not believe we won't.”
Tony went willingly, hand gripping Steve’s a little tighter than necessary. They rounded the front of the mansion, Steve coming to a brief halt when they were about to pass the corner. “Close your eyes, Tony.”
If anything the pout seemed to grow stronger with the added tint of pink on his cheeks. Sam then turned to Tony. “We’re teasing you, too. We don’t mean anything by it -”
She continued shouting and scolding and after a quick and rushed and frightened apology from the kids, she dragged them by the ears somewhere away from public eyes for a second set of words. Tony had no idea what had occurred but he figured since he had gotten an apology and the kids were being disciplined everything was solved. All that was missing was the kid who apparently stood up for his honor.
They turned their backs to each other to cover the area. All three standing defensively with their wings expanding slightly in warning. Tony and Pepper gained enough distance to avoid Rhodey accidentally striking them with his poisonous tail. Their own tails flicking back and forth in agitation.
Bruce shrugged. “Maybe they’re on a hunt to start a family? Even war packs have to settle down eventually.”
Steve took a swing of his drink. They weren’t here to enjoy it, so Steve would do it for them. Not a drop would be wasted.
“Aye,” Thor nodded, his grin broadening. “Two young future warriors. I have no doubt they will be strong and healthy. Your own magic is making it so. It aided in protecting them through your ordeal and will continue to do so.”
been Hank. There was no avoiding it. He owed it to the beta and he was going to remain there quiet and listen and accept.
Of course he couldn’t stay wrapped up forever. Not when time kept moving forward and the sun was getting closer to the center of the sky and his stomach decided it was hungry again and needed to be fed.
Tony cracked one eye open to Jarvis standing inches away from his face and bobbing his head up and down. “Who?” he slurred.
“No, it’s not!” Steve blurted, scandalized by the very thought of dismissing those actions. As if insulted by Tony for even daring to say it. “It’s the exact opposite of fine!”
Bruce was leaning against an elbow and was smirking at the display. Jarvis had moved over to stand on the omega’s shoulder in order to avoid getting hit accidentally by Steve and was releasing squawks and whistles of joy. Vision rolled back and forth next to them, seeming to want to join in on the fun but holding back.
Thirteen pairs of eyes were aimed right at him. Too many of them far too interested in his answer. Five of those pairs were difficult to even look at for those five were his
Steve gave a whine of want before using his hand that wasn’t teasing Tony’s slit to pull the left pant leg down and run the edges of his fingers gently over his thigh, making Tony shiver even more. The alpha made another trip down to caress before finally returning his hand to its original spot.
The alpha took a moment before deciding on a thought and taking a large bite of the carcass, loosening the skin and muscle and making his way around to the thigh. When he was finished he cheerfully presented the leg to Tony, bloody snout and all.
There had once been a time where Tony had been proud of his own work as well. Back when he believed he had been helping. Perhaps… he could do so once again.
Without another word, both Clint and Rhodey began shooting their arrows and bullets in rapid succession. Having been discovered there was no point for discretion against the enemy and they weren’t going to chance it. Now it was a matter of breaking through and reaching the rest of their pack. Strength in numbers, and at that moment they surely needed the numbers. They were about to be overwhelmed by Hydra responding to the call; inside the fort and around the forest.
What exactly were Tony and Bruce? Den omegas with the privilege of having the leader’s and third in command’s interests? Were they temporary until they found their true mates? Were they to remain den omegas after that happened?
Tony gaped at his pack, not believing they’d approve of such a thing. Natasha, Bucky, Rhodey, and Clint were quick to shake their heads and save their own hides, even shaking their hands to emphasize that, no,
She looked behind him in thought. “A couple of years. A little longer than the others,” she said with a nod to his pack.
His alpha was a savior in more ways than one, and if anything he was as insatiable as his own body. Whenever it began acting up Steve was there in an instant, ready to take on his ‘duty’ and sate that need. This time was no different.
Thus, Tony left his old life and earned a new one. The old workshop became his home and Thor and Loki became his uncles by proxy. Though it was Loki that argued he was the one who stopped Tony from losing fingers while working in the shop.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m so sorry, Tony. I didn’t mean to scare you. I’m sorry, please don’t be scared, please don’t be scared of me. I didn’t mean to. I’m sorry.”
The silence that followed stretched out for what seemed like hours to Tony. His eyes had closed when he looked away and so he had no idea what Steve’s reaction was or would be. He flinched when he felt warm fingers touch his chin and tilt his head up and inhaled when another set of fingers gently caressed his cheek.
It didn’t sound like a bad life. Perhaps his life expectancy would suffer from living out in the wilds and the possibility of becoming feral could be a real issue, but as long as he was away from Hammer and Obi he’d take anything life would throw at him. Besides, he had Jarvis and Vision. He wasn’t going to be completely alone, just pack-less. He could survive that.
When all their bellies were full, Steve pulled him up, making sure to take all the weight off Tony as he guided him to the pond. His hands never wandered far away from Tony’s side or his hip. They had been the first to make their way over but were not the first to jump in. No, that honor was taken by Clint, who ran to the waters and shredded his armor haphazardly along the way until he stood with only his skivvies and barreled in. Tucking himself into a ball and jumping.
been done to him. Almost all of them not the most decent things. One of those being Hammer never willing to groom him. The alpha hated it. Despised having anything to do with showing any sort of affection. All Tony began craving for once he started living a life deprived from it.
Stane blinked, caught unprepared. He hadn’t expected Tony to respond at all. Tony hadn’t expected it, either. “Care to repeat that?’
, Tony still couldn’t understand. If one had the option to pick between an old omega with scars and issues and a young and beautiful beta that knew what she wanted and was not afraid to get it, he’d imagine a lot would pick the beta. Confidence was a very attractive feature and Tony… didn’t carry a lot of confidence. Not when it came to getting what he wanted.
Next was Clint’s bow. It was an easy improvement. Clint’s bow was already made to the beta's specifications. What Tony wanted to do was add power to it. Power that only runes could provide. An advantage against the conventional.
Bruce’s eyebrows rose up and in his eyes comprehension set in. His eyes soon turned soft and he gave Tony a grateful smile. “I appreciate the concern, Tony. Thank you, but like I told Natasha I don’t mind not running. Don’t miss this for my sake.”
“I know you do, but the sooner the better. Fury really wants us to get there soon and I, for one, want to see what all this hush business is about already. You know how I am when I’m being sent somewhere blind. Get up!”
“I’ll take a look around,” with a grand sight of Pepper extending her wings she took off into the air with a gush of wind. It took months to learn and the process involved injuries and exhaustion that pushed human limits, but the ability to fly and cover more land was well worth the pain.
One part of that statement caught his attention. Steve wasn't upset anymore, not with him. He was possibly upset about something or someone else, but he wasn't upset
They made their way around, keeping an eye and ear for the signal from Jarvis, who was currently flying high in the air watching them all and hopefully at a safe distance from any firearm’s reach. Clint led them around the area, crouching to keep low in sight and Loki’s active spell making it impossible for Hydra shifters to hear them. Clint’s keen eyes made it difficult to strike as each time an enemy appeared they were taken down long before Rhodey, Tony or Bruce could even prepare to aim. There were a few stragglers that managed to sneak right through Clint, his eyesight managing to miss them and his hearing not able to catch them. Rhodey was quick to take them down with Tony snatching one strike for himself.
The infant is completely indifferent to his promise. She sleeps peacefully, wrapped in warm blankets. She is unaware that a car accident killed her mother just four days ago. Nor will she hear the dramatic story of how doctors had to cut her out of her dead mother’s womb just in time to save her life, at least not for another sixteen years. For now baby Sigrid sleeps deeply and she will stay that way until the pains of hunger rouse her into wails.
Steve was always constant. Steve was the constant to everything, he fed Tony, took him to the bathroom, helped him shower, dress, comb his hair. Steve was always in the room, sitting on the floor or on the foot of his bed. He rarely left except to prepare a meal or when it was time to go to sleep. Weeks went on like this, weeks of Tony listening to the gentle sound of Steve’s voice as he read book after book, after book. One day, as Steve took a break to flip a page Tony finally mustered the strength to ask the question that kept pounding in his head.
Before Tony, Steve used to think that there must be something wrong with him… something missing. Something that made people not want to get close… not want to be his friend.
He did one single test just to make sure it worked as intended and as he watched the deadly pendulum swing, he thought back to all his research. One single cut through the throat, the one wound not even his body could recover from. Wasn’t that how vampires were supposed to be killed after all? Tony’s death had already been a stake through the heart, so what better way to finish himself off than to cut off his own head? He’d lived so much of his life like a mythological monster; he might as well die like one.
With the chains ready to go, Steve merely had to attach the blade. He’d thought long and hard about the blade, he’d done research and even a couple of tests on fruit. Eventually he’d settled on a circular (shield like) plate which was so sharp it could cut through a strand of hair just by touching it. It was actually all rather simple, he merely had to pull on one end of the chain and physics would do the rest.
Time stopped for the Commander, breaths were held, light stopped travelling and his mind reeled as neurons painted Tony’s beautiful face onto his permanent memory. Tony was glowing, his eyes were full of love, his smile was real and the happiness in his face was not a product of anything other than Steve’s love. This was his prize, this was his reward, this was his afterlife.
“What do you mean you want to stalk your Dad’s New York friends on Facebook?” Harley is looking at her like she just told him she’s running away from home to pursue her YouTube dreams.
Steve smiled indulgently and reached for the food tray to place it on Tony’s lap, keeping his left hand on it to help him balance.
“It feels like we haven’t talked in a while, my bad, I’ve been cooped up in my lab trying to figure out the new clean energy power grid. So… how’re things going?”
Yes, he did indeed remember that. He remembered giving in as soon as Steve brought up that they hadn’t had time for sex in four days and he’d really love for Tony to stay so they could have some quality time.
Steve did believe him, knew Tony didn’t actually have a cheating bone in his body. It still didn’t keep him from thoroughly examining Tony’s cock and balls for lipstick or the scent of the cheap perfume though. While this instance proved to be nothing, it did plant a seed in Steve’s head.
He wasn’t happy about it, didn’t want to go but Peggy called him herself and he had to keep her trust. He told Tony why he was going, how long he would be gone, asked him to take care of himself and Tony waved him goodbye with reassurances that he was nineteen and perfectly capable of taking care of himself.
In war communication could dictate the outcome of a battle. Hack into the enemy’s comm systems and suddenly soldiers were left to fend for themselves without a tactic or leadership. He’d slaughtered thousands of Resistance fighters using this same tactic. So making sure that his line of communication with Tony stayed strong and up to date could be the key to ensuring his wellbeing. How to do that though?
Natasha, as expected, didn’t just let it go. She pursued Steve like a target, acted both demure and predatory in the hopes he would eventually give in and tell her something useful to report back. Unfortunately for her, he knew her too well.
“Please don’t scare me like that again ok? Seeing you walk through the door all bloodied and hurt was pretty awful.”
He started out slowly, making simple changes at home that Tony was comfortable with. Since they really only slept in Steve’s room, Tony’s old bedroom was turned into a full workshop so Tony could have a designated work space. Then he instituted an official dinner time, if Tony was going to be late he had to call Steve to let him know. They also had date nights and organized weekends where they travelled to different states. Tony took to the order like a fish took to the ocean. With Rhodey gone most of the ‘friends’ he’d hung out with had scattered into the wind. Suddenly no one had time to hang out with Tony anymore and it was evident what a blow that was to the young man’s self-esteem. So while at school Tony was hardly a popular guy (he had a reputation for being a stuck-up prick) at home he was welcomed into Steve’s loving arms without reservation.
Had Tony finally made it to one of those drug and alcohol fueled parties Steve had been trying to keep him away from? Probably.
Steve was on his feet in seconds and made a show of stretching leisurely before going around the help Tony up. Even clad in a long sleeved shirt and sweatpants Steve was gorgeous. He was well built with such considerable muscle definition that it left Tony wondering how Steve managed to maintain that physique when he spent his days by Tony’s side reading. ‘He must work out when I’m sleeping’ he concluded.
Steve drove, his eyes on the road at all times. He gave into the temptation of looking at the backseat only twice in their forty minute ride to the motel. In the backseat, fully strapped in sat Tony looking the very picture of a tired businessman taking a nap, his head resting lightly on the window beside him. Steve had disposed of Tony’s phone as soon as they went through the Bronx, thrown it over the window in a seedy looking street. Steve wore dark leather gloves in the car and he knew the rain would wipe out both his tire marks and possibly the phone. Thankfully if someone in these parts did find the Stark Phone, it would probably be used for parts and not turned to the police.
Tony does not in fact fall asleep after they make themselves comfortable on Stephen’s king size bed. At first they’re all too tipsy to fall asleep, too giggly to relax. Then one by one they start dropping off until Vivi is snuggled against Tony’s back like a warm spoon and Stephen has Tony’s right hand trapped in one of his. Tony thinks he could fall asleep like this, safe and warm in a friendship cocoon of his own making, but an old memory is protruding too much from the rest to be left alone. The memory of a situation, much like this one, involving a night he spent sleeping in Steve’s arms with Jane on the opposite side, her back warm against his.
Tony knew every plain of Steve’s body, ever curve, every tiny scar, every dimple and every pink ridge. He’d spent innumerable hours worshiping every space of skin, knew the sounds Steve’s stomach made when he was hungry even though he swore he wasn’t, knew the smell of his morning breath and even the smell of his sweaty feet. They had been together for twenty-eight years now and Tony still wanted nothing at the end of each day but crawl into Steve’s arms and stay there until he felt he could face the world again.
She shot to her feet, her upheld palm shooting to her temple in a salute that was the bastard offspring of both Military and Hydra salutes.
To Tony’s amusement, no sooner had the Super soldiers walked away that Steve had his left arm wrapped around Tony’s back. After all these years Tony could tell the difference between Steve-the-husband and Steve-the-sentinel.
“It’s just that… well… I mean, I was young so I don’t remember exactly y’know? But I remember he hit me hard on the head a couple of times while drunk. He knocked me out once… maybe twice, I think… and Dr. Banner said the tumour’s been there for a while, maybe since childhood and my specific type can be associated to a bad enough brain injury.”
Steve doesn’t reply, he just nods and walks to the car. Up on the porch Thor has Siggy wrapped up in a hug which ends with him lovingly kissing Siggy’s forehead.
He remembered the first time he did this. He’d been nineteen, barely a few weeks into their relationship and he’d done it simply because he couldn’t believe he could. ‘What nineteen year old gets to have THIS?’ He’d though then.
Tony’s petulant brown eyes locked with Steve’s blue, “Yes you will.” And Steve understood then that Tony knew his secret, had probably already done all the math to figure out Steve’s age. What else did Tony understand? How much of Steve did he really see?
A miracle, the media called it. A miracle achieved through preparation and bullying world governments into action.
“It’s just such a relief to be working for someone who isn’t sexually harassing you. You know?” She told Steve on her second day.
Their lives at the moment were pretty mundane. SI work filled their weeks but the thing with office work is that it doesn’t consume. In between meetings and inventing and paperwork, there were trips to the beach and weekends spent naked in bed and weekends spent in LA or San Francisco. Jarvis, now retired, visited often and they would all hang out in the kitchen while sipping wine and trying different cocktails.
He’d spent the better part of the past month and a half town-hopping, drinking and picking fights. Sometimes he fought for gas money, others, for fun and while his anger simmered unextinguished his body was beginning to complain. His knuckles, now permanently purple and swollen, hurt when he gripped the handles of his motorcycle, his torso, matted with colourful blotches of purple and blue hurt when he walked. Not that anyone would have noticed just by looking at him, Steve walked, calmly, confidently away from the alley and onto the barely lighted street to look for his bike. He found the old Harley right where he left it. He’d won the bike just a year ago at a game of poker, just as he’d won his last four bikes.
“Everything ok Thor?” Loki’s tone is pure accusation and Thor looks up at his brother with stinging eyes.
Steve is no fool, he knows his new little hobby has to come to an end. Tonight he completed what he set out to do, so maybe it is time for a change…
High Commander Rogers’s lips curved into what could be considered a smile. He nodded in greeting at Vision.
It’s obvious as they all pack into Vivi’s SUV, that he’s the only one in the dark as to where they are going. His confusion only rises when he realizes they are nowhere near the kid-friendly restaurants they frequent. Instead they head to a trendy area of downtown Knoxville and suddenly he knows exactly where they’re going.
With his head full of the past the High Commander didn’t quite realize he’d walked into the high ranking Staff’s floor of Stark Industries until the surprised receptionist was shooting to her feet. Such had been his elation at seeing the machine almost completed, that he hadn’t thought about leaving straightaway.
She stopped and Tony knew this was all the information he would retrieve from her today. She was forthcoming about some things but she carefully guarded anything that had to do with wars or battles. From what Tony was putting together, there must have been many wars over the years and the outcome of all that must have put Steve in a terrible position.
“Steve could you please remind Tony of all the bureaucratic red tape you and I had to go through to get ‘my baby’ built?!”
Steve wants to reply with ‘Why bother? It’s all ruined’ but instead he does as told. Then he watches, amazed, as Tony manages to salvage a few tempura pieces and adds the soggy ones to the fried noodles.
It wasn’t that Tony feared loneliness per say, rather it was that it made him profoundly uncomfortable.
Steve hummed gently while he ran playful fingers over Tony’s face, over his cheeks, forehead, temples and hair. He hummed the chorus of his favorite song, vocalizing the energy of ‘Everything’s Coming Up Roses’ with such gusto that Tony’s eyes were full of mirth. He thought back to the first time he’d heard it. Where had he heard it? It’d been after Thanos…probably when they threw him in that ridiculous institution. The song had given him hope, it’d given him the push he needed to put his plans into action and be the driving force in everything that came after that. Eventually, everything had indeed come up roses for him and proof of that was lying right there, in front of him.
He raised his voice on purpose, made it seem like he was getting mad. As expected Steve frowned and sighed loudly before muttering an “Ok, just be careful.”
“It’s a gift certificate for their sculpting class. I know you don’t draw anymore but you always look so interested in the sculptures whenever we walk by there, and baby you’re so good with your hands, so I took a chance…”
He stared at her for too long, he knew, made her think he was interested in her sexually. It actually made Tony jealous.
Thankfully the sound of the doorbell, an instant later, breaks the heaviness of the dining room. No sooner has it rung that a stampede of feet are heard running down the stairs.
He said gently, tenderly and it must have triggered something in Tony because his puffy lips suddenly found Steve’s. It was a brush of lips, barely a kiss, made possible because Tony was still standing in the elevated tub to make up for the height difference. But it was purposeful and there was no denying Tony’s open eyes as he did it, so Steve puckered up own his lips. A moment later, as Tony pressed their lips together again, Steve’s left hand went from Tony’s lower back to the back of his head to keep him in place.
“I know… just take care of yourself ok? And tell Nat I said hi… oh, and please remind her that she can’t say a word about this to anyone.”
Steve keeps a lazy ear on their conversation. He’d never worried about being found out, after all, how many years have him and Bucky spent fake-planning the perfect murder? They’ve been doing that for fun since before Bucky went into the Police Academy. Then as he ascended through the ranks, the old conversation turned more and more informative as Bucky learned more and honed his investigative craft. For Bucky it’d always been a fun training exercise with his lifelong friend but for Steve, it’d proven to be a great guide.
It’s through Vivi that Tony is eventually introduced to Dr. Stephen Strange, a neurosurgeon. Had Stephen and Tony met years prior, that acquaintance would have lasted no more than seconds, but life being what it is, Dr. Strange is not the same man he was a decade ago. For one, Dr. Strange is a widower who (like Tony) is still in love with someone who is now gone. They become good friends, the kind that can drink a beer out on the porch after a hell of a day and the kind Siggy likes to invite with them on day trips. Eventually, Stephen and Tony even become friends-who-sometimes-share-orgasms and even though their relationship shifts a little, they never talk about it.
The streets he’s walking on look the same as they’ve always had. They’re still much too rough for the hipsters, still shady enough for the drug dealers and bookies and everything in between to do business off of. It takes him a bit, but after a few turns he eventually finds the bar he’s looking for- The Hydra.
