Clint wanted to laugh. He really did. This had to be some sick joke; a horrible one that the universe had decided to play on him for absolutely no reason. Sure, he's done some terrible things in his life – especially before he joined S.H.I.E.L.D. – but he couldn't imagine anything he ever did evening out to this.
"Where?" Bruce demanded to know. "You rented my room."
"The what?" Tony shook his head. It was hard enough to blurt out the first time. He wasn't going to say it again.
"Well, people generally don't," Natasha said.
There's no salvaging the year for me at this point. Everything's canceled whether it be from coronavirus or political activism and there's really no point in being hopeful or enjoying anything anymore. Crushing disappointment isn't anything new for me, but God, I've never experienced this much of it at once. It's seriously to the point where I'm looking forward to being hospitalized for dysmenorrhea because at least the hospital is an entirely different building from the one I'm normally trapped in all day. *le sigh* You don't want to hear about that, though.
"I promise you, Tony's going to be alright." Steve frowned skeptically but before he could voice his doubts, Rhodey held up a had placatingly. "I'm not going to promise that he's not going to be upset – he probably will be – but physically, he's going to be fine. They won't do any of that messed up crap to him and they won't send him to the hospital unless they have good reason to think that he's going to do something drastic, which I find doubtful."
"How are we going to do that?" he asked. "Without Freeman there, we can't get inside the building anymore. We're not going to be able to protest in Stark's lobby."
It was rather easy to pull Stark's shirt out from under him and feeling that the undershirt was dry, Carol let him keep it. She then draped the blue blanket over him (given that he seemed to like it) before pulling the comforter and the sheets back and slipping Stark underneath them. Finally, she pulled the quilt over him and added two more blankets to the pile. Hopefully, that would be enough to start helping him warm up.
"I'm not infected, am I?" he asked rhetorically. Smith kept her face neutral.
"Like we honestly believe that," she said.
"Eighty percent." Steve laughed. "I can give you more."
"I don't know," Tony said. "He seemed pretty out of it when I talked to him."
. What do you think? A little too on the nose?"
"Understatement of the century," Stark remarked.
"I don't doubt it," Lara said. "I would, too."
"You're absolutely sure that's him?" Tony asked. He looked at the agent closely as he responded, trying to discern any indication that Coulson was lying.
Before they could get into the real meat on why they were there, though, they had to go through the obligatory sexual harassment training. It felt unnecessary given that there were not any problems with sexual harassment in the upper levels of management at Stark Industries (Mostly because Pepper would not tolerate it, period.) but that was essentially HR's main job. So, they had to just let them do their thing and get over it.
"So?" Rhodey said. "That still doesn't mean he should have gone and done this to you. I mean, fucking hell, he was too much of a coward to show his own damn face. That tells me he knew what he was doing was going to hurt you and that he did not want to suffer the same consequences. Christ, even now no one thinks it is him. I've heard these tabloids throw out a dozen possible names as to who that could be and not once have, I heard the name 'Tiberius Stone.'"
"Speak English!" Once again, Tony displayed no audible sign of annoyance.
"Even if I'm a bit impulsive?" Clint asked.
"Or the Jim Jones Fan Club outside…" Lara added under her breath.
Remember kids... Something about power and responsibility! I don't know! I have to go! Bye!
"What?" Tony prompted when Steve's hesitance to finish that sentence became clear.
"Yes?"
"Well, there's a huge police presence here," Tony said. "One can only assume…"
"What do they require?" Bruce asked. "Background checks? Health exams?"
"Yeah, you did," he said. "And I'm sure Fury was very proud." Romanoff sighed again.
"Um…" Steve drew out the word in both anxiety and to attempt to make sure his voice sounded reassuring. "I think you've got your mind a little flipped around there, honey."
"You're just jealous," Rhodey scoffed at the thought.
"Alright," he said. "If you're sure…"
"Miss Potts," he said. "The head of the chemical engineering department wishes to speak with you."
Loki's heart beat at a frantic rate. Even though he'd been tossed aside by his "father" once again in favor of Thor, he didn't want to see Asgard destroyed or its people eradicated. He wanted to rule them, not wipe them from the universe entirely. So, he thought fast, trying to come up with anything he could say to prevent the Titan from attacking the realm he had once called home.
"Well, we wouldn't want that," Bruce remarked. Lara hummed in agreement as she gathered up her things. Before leaving, though, she looked back at him.
"Uh, can I just talk to my friend here for a quick second?" Lucy looked confused but nodded.
"We'll be back," Carol said. "It shouldn't take more than a couple of hours." Drew nodded again and gestured towards the stairs.
Tony immediately shut his mouth. A wave of nausea had come over him and it felt like if he kept his mouth open for even a second longer, he'd projectile vomit everywhere. He was very aware that his entire body was shaking. He tried taking a deep breath through his nose to calm himself. All freaking out would do is upset his stomach even more.
"The site needed a name and IMDb said it was her birthday…"
"I don't know," Rhodey sadly admitted. "I don't know what you
Happy first official day of Summer!
Pepper looked down and bit her lip. The realization of what she was being forced into clearly didn't sit well with her. However, she came to accept it rather quickly. As she looked back up, her gaze went directly to Freeman.
It took a couple of moments for Clint to catch his breath. Luckily, Stark didn't try to ask him if he was okay. Clint appreciated that. At least Stark seemed to understand that a person couldn't answer pointless questions while they were choking to death. Once he could finally breathe, Clint tried to resurrect the conversation.
"That seemed rather impersonal." Lara rolled her eyes at that response and she could easily tell she wasn't the only one.
"Said something I shouldn't have," Tony admitted. A pang of guilt ran through him again and he had to remind himself that the fact that Steve still hadn't summoned S.H.I.E.L.D. to come pick him up was probably a good sign. It meant that he wasn't mad at Tony specifically at least. That, or he was so fed up with S.H.I.E.L.D. that spending time with someone who knew his deepest, most well-hidden secret and could potentially use it against him at any point in time (not that Tony would) seemed more appealing. Ever the optimist, though, Tony held out hope that it was the former and moved on to his next concern. "What about Pepper?"
Oswin clutched her knees tightly as she gasped for air. Ever since the explosion that morning, she and Knežević had been running and barely even stopped to take a breath since. At first, it had been fun; exhilarating almost. However, that feeling completely wore off by the time the first hour had passed. Now she didn't know what part of town she was even in. She could be anywhere from Pasadena to South Central by now. All she knew was that the sun was setting, her feet hurt, and she wanted nothing more than to crawl into the first bed she saw and sleep for the next two years.
"Yeah," she said.
Tony has finally admitted that he's ready to seek help. What happens now?
"Probably not," Clint said, passing the magazine back to her. "But maybe you'll find something interesting here, dear."
"Alright," he said. "Are you going back to the hotel?"
"Because it meant speedier response times?"
"Yeah," she said in a soft, slightly sad tone of voice.
"Am I?" he said.
"Honestly, I don't believe the story I told them," Carol said. "And I
"Shower, take a nap, do whatever you like," he said. "Just keep an eye on those power levels and call me if something goes wrong." Lara gave him a thumbs up.
I hope everyone's having a wonderful holiday because I'm sure not. I have to get blood drawn today and I'm deathly afraid of needles. It's to the point where I need to be put on Valium in order to be docile enough not to attack the nurses. Well, at least I can say I got the scare of my life this Halloween, right?
"What are these?" he asked.
"Yes," Adoniram said. "We do market ourselves quite a bit, but it's necessary to get the word out. We need to save as many people as possible."
"We have a man down," Lara reported to the operator. "Mid 50's male shot once in the head."
Regardless, Carol did as she was told and waited for the nurse with the wheelchair to arrive. When he did, she sat down and tried to wheel herself out of the room, but the male nurse grabbed the wheelchair by the handlebars and pulled her back, saying that he was supposed to be pushing her. Carol so desperately wanted to scream at the top of her lungs and punch the guy out but managed to hold back.
"What the hell?"
"I gotta say," Coulson said. "It's an honor to meet you, officially. I've sort of met you. I mean, I watched you while you were sleeping." Steve turned his gaze to the ground. You could cut the awkward in that Quinjet with a knife. Coulson kept trying to rephrase it in a way that sounded less creepy. "You know, it's really such a huge honor to have you on board with this…" Thankfully, Steve took the subject change as he stood up to look out the jet's window.
"…And the moment's gone." Steve put a hand on his shoulder.
"They cost about twenty-five bucks." Everyone looked at Lara. "I saw the little label card. I didn't drink any of it. Otherwise, we'd be having an entirely different conversation right now at the nearest hospital."
With that, Carol walked into the bathroom and took up residence in the nearest available stall. Opening the bag, she saw that she had been provided with a pair of navy-blue – and thankfully, logo-less – sweats, along with the aforementioned underwear, a white t-shirt, and brand-new socks and shoes. Carol wasted no time in ripping of the johnny and tossed it to the ground, along with her original bra and underwear as soon as she managed to peel it off her skin. In fact, some skin came with it and it made Carol disgustedly realize her burn was already starting to peel away. A particularly thin patch came off that parachuted slowly to the ground. The very sight of it made her want to gag.
"Well, I kind of wanted answers." That came out much slower and groggier than Steve wanted it to. "Still do…"
"Um…" The way Steve was rubbing Tony's arm was comforting, but the noise that came out of his mouth was not. Tony tried as best he could to get his sobs under control as he pulled away.
"Which I was going to do anyway," Steve said. "So, it doesn't really matter."
That always made Loki shiver. He knew exactly how Thanos would repay a failure to produce results or an outright betrayal, and the Other was right. Integration would be nothing compared to that. Loki was determined to keep that from happening at all costs.
Once they had gotten dressed, they were led into the next room, which consisted almost entirely of hospital beds and exam stations. Unsurprisingly, in addition to the CDC, S.H.I.E.L.D. had responded to the situation as well. Tony knew it the second he spotted Dr. Smith in the room, and he could guess that a few of the other doctors were S.H.I.E.L.D. as well. Within moments of arriving, the four Avengers were led to separate stations. Tony was sent to Dr. Smith, who was trying to look cheerful under the protective suit she had to wear.
Clint felt something cold and rectangular press up against his ear. (
"You alright?" He asked.
A few more moments of silence passed, only broken up by Tony finally making Sharon let go of his shirt and the baby voicing her displeasure. However, she quickly became distracted by her right hand, balling it into a fist and releasing it repeatedly. Tony watched her do this at least fifty times before Peggy spoke up again.
To his surprise, she texted back rather quickly.
"I can't lie," she said. "It has, but you can't think like that."
"To make it blend in!" she exclaimed. "Whoever did this probably dropped it in a public mailbox and kept Newark as the city in the return address to keep the initial mail carrier from noticing!"
"Wait, what do you mean?" Tony asked. "I thought you were going to go to D.C. with us."
"You can't mean that," he said weakly.
That certainly wasn't too far from the truth. At first, the Church only gathered on the public sidewalk in front of the building to hold services in memory of those they claimed were the first deaths of the coming apocalypse – A.K.A. everyone who died during the Battle of New York. Tony wasn't exactly thrilled about this when it started happening, but they were technically on public land and had the First Amendment right to practice their religion as they saw fit. If they wanted to hold a memorial service on the sidewalk once every few days, then they had the legal right to do so. Tony could politely ask them to gather elsewhere (which he did numerous times,) but he couldn't have them arrested or physically move them from the sidewalk.
"Okay." Lara pinched the bridge of her nose. Maybe calling 911 wasn't as productive as she originally thought.
"Trust me," Tony said. "If I was actually having a heart attack, I would let you know."
Again, Tony went the silent route. It was clearly the best option of the three.
"And no one else has access to your backyard?"
That was until a weight came bearing down on him. He felt tired. A part of Clint realized that he needed to be alive to feel tired, but for some reason that just didn't fully click. He just felt so tired and confused and just wanted to fade away into the darkness. The peaceful, peaceful darkness…
"Sorry," he said. "Didn't mean to disturb you."
"Do you think this is funny?" he asked. "Do you know what a pain in the ass it is to reset this thing? I don't get paid enough to do this! I break my ass all day to fix shit for your rich assholes and I make less than minimum wage! I have a wife and kids to feed! Hell, they aren't even my kids! I'm taking care of some other asshole's kids on a wage of fewer than seven dollars an hour! Do you think I want to deal with this shit? No, of course not, but you assholes have to keep fucking with the elevator and break it just because you think it's fucking funny. Well, let me tell you…"
"Kudos, then."
"Might as well," he said. "It's not like I can go anywhere."
"I don't want anyone to know," Lara said. "Thank you for respecting that."
Tony started to rapidly flip through pages. He planned on reading the whole thing in-depth as soon as he got the chance to, but for right now he just wanted to skim and get a general idea of what to expect. The packet was much thicker than the "fake" one. Tony was not sure whether to take that as a good or bad thing. However, thus far in the skim-through, he had yet to see the words "narcissist" or "compulsive behavior" anywhere, so that was promising. Feeling the least bit reassured, he set the packet to the side and took a spoonful of yogurt on the bowl.
"So, you think she lied to you when you held her at knifepoint?" Natasha turned her head so fast that she could have given herself whiplash. "Yeah, I know about that." Nat swallowed hard before directing her gaze downwards.
"Asgard?" Thanos questioned. "Ah, yes. I remember, we tried to invade ages ago, but whatever forcefield they had put up kept us back." That was the first time Loki had heard about that. It didn't surprise him, though. It was becoming clear to him that Odin was the true God of Lies, not him. The only good thing about that revelation was that thankfully, Heimdall had most likely managed to stop that from happening without even alarming their people. "What do you expect me to do with
"You realize I'm the boss here, right?" he said. "I'm the one in charge of making the rules and the dress code, not you."
"Hey, Dad, what's wrong with the puppy's leg?" Clint was unphased. He'd been expecting that question.
"Wait," Tony said. "No, you can't do that."
"Doctor?" Steve questioned. Bruce sighed reluctantly and removed his glasses.
"I'm fine," he said. "I'm just not leaving him alone." Smith slowly nodded in understanding.
"I was just asking questions," Fair defended. "For the sake of Stark Industries, I think I have a right to be concerned with the company you keep."
his partners – men and women. In addition to that, he got tested as often as he could, and followed every recommendation expert could give on preventing the transmission of the disease. In short, he was careful and to imply otherwise was simply ludicrous. However, the truth was that no one should expect the media to be anything but ludicrous. So really, it should not have been a surprise.
The "Avengers" in all their glory stood before him. The beast, the man of iron, the captain, his… Thor, the Black Widow – now wielding his staff – and the Hawkeye, who had an arrow aimed directly at his forehead. Loki swallowed hard. He was no fool. He knew when he'd been beaten; when there were no tricks left to play; when his only option to ensure his own personal safety was to surrender. So, he slowly raised his hands.
"Tony?" He let out a breath of relief as soon as he heard Steve's voice.
"Alright, boys," Natasha said. "That's sweet and all, but we kind of want to be able to eat breakfast off that counter tomorrow."
"Enough screwing around, JARVIS," he said. "Let me in."
"What the hell?" was the first question out of his mouth. "What happened? Steve's the only one who kissed me, right?" Steve sat down and took a few deep breaths, trying to regain his composure.
"Would you mind fetching me some water?"
"Why would you need to check your hearing?" The confusion was clear in Stark's voice.
"God, what did I say about screwing?" Steve immediately pulled back, face flushed red. Tony couldn't help the rise of the corners of his lips. That was until Lara hit him in the face with the t-shirt Steve had discarded during the night. "Come on, get up."
The Avengers fell silent. They all knew how important it was to have the trust of the people of the United States – as well as the rest of the world. If they didn't have the public's trust, the consequences could be deadly. However, Lara wasn't an Avenger and as such didn't have those kinds of thoughts weighing on her mind. So, she still tried to argue otherwise.
"Oh my God," Lara said again, this time sounding like she was trying to catch her breath. "We need to call the police."
"So, do I," Tony said. "But hopefully this one will come around sooner rather than later." Steve leaned down a bit to rest his forehead on Tony's. Shutting his eyes, Tony immersed himself in the bliss of the moment.
Suddenly, this reality started to feel like it had gravity to it. He kept expecting for a flash to pull him away into the other one, but it didn't seem like that was going to happen. After a few seconds, he felt safe enough to try and respond to her.
"Why don't you get settled on the couch? I'll take care of this." Steve gestured to their uneaten food and Tony gave him a quizzical look.
The universe was a big place and for what it was worth, Carol had come across some strange ideologies in her time. None were quite as strange as this, however. She knew it was common for people to come to worship more advanced and powerful species after coming into contact with them – the Asgardians and the Olympians were prime examples – but she never had seen a religion that got things so close to the truth, but yet twisted it so far out of reality that it was hardly recognizable anymore.
"Well," she said in the most tutting of voices. "If that is the case, I hope you don't mind explaining that to the police."
"Hello?" Steve was able to keep the unsure tone out of his voice. "Is this Tony Stark?" Steve's heart sank as it occurred to him that he had no idea what to say if this was someone who wasn't Tony. Thankfully, it didn't come to that.
"Stark," she said. "You're looking better." He made a noise of disagreement.
"Where is he now?" Rhodes looked up, confused.
"In my report," she said. "I wrote that he was not recommended for the Avengers Initiative since he was showing some alarming behavioral signs. I amended that once he was given a psychological evaluation and cleared by an actual doctor, then I could see no problem with him working as a part of this team."
"The CDC has already cleared the both of you. No deadly diseases or contagions were found. Stark's been cleared as well." Steve could be heard letting out a breath of relief while Natasha held hers. "We have very strong evidence pointing at one primary suspect. Local PD in Newark, New Jersey already have her contained, but she's refusing to talk. They could use some help getting the info out of her and arresting any accomplices." Hill was looking Nat directly in the eye during that last sentence. It was clear that it was addressed to her specifically, but she couldn't care. In response, she kept her face blank and her tone firm, yet dark.
"Oh, that's easy." Oswin opened the door and stepped out of the car. "I don't." She slammed the door and started walking away before Knežević could even process what she said. Once he did, he was seething with rage.
"You also very clearly have a post-nasal drip." Rawls let Tony close his mouth and took a step back from him. "I feel fairly confident in saying that you have an upper-respiratory infection, which led to a strep infection in your throat and a bronchial infection in your lungs. I'm going to need to do a throat swab to confirm the strep but given that we can't do a chest x-ray to confirm the bronchial infection, we're just going to have to hope for the best on that. Your lungs did sound like they were filled with fluid and the post-nasal drip is pretty indicative of where that fluid came from, so I feel confident in giving that diagnosis."
"I know," he said. "I know you're trying, and I shouldn't be putting this on you right now…"
"She said it was okay for me to show it to you," he said before opening the box and extracting a bracelet made of red, white, and black twine with silver beads adorning it. The bracelet looked to be big enough to fit around two adult-sized wrists. Obviously, the girl wanted to be sure that it would fit him. While the crowd "oohed" and "awed" over the bracelet, Barton stuck his hand in the box and began feeling around, probably checking to make sure there were no concealed listening devices. Once he was certain there was nothing off about the package and the crowd had finished pretending to be impressed by the child's work, Barton put the bracelet back in the box, said a few more words to the girl, and then sent her back to her father. Barton then returned to his own seat and sat down, resting the box on top of his lap.
"Don't know yet," Natasha said. "We need to scope out the situation. Put on your comms but stand down until we know what's going on." Bruce tapped his ear, showing that he already had the comms in place.
Although that was probably and understatement, Tony still nodded in agreement with himself on that. With one more deep breath, he started moving towards the door.
"Sure," Pepper nodded. "Fourth floor, room P13. Go straight from the elevators and take the second left turn. It'll be on your right." The cop nodded and gave some sort of signal to his two buddies that told them that they weren't needed anymore. As the cop walked over to the elevator and waited for his turn to board, Pepper gently grabbed Lara by the elbow and led her to a relatively empty waiting area.
"It doesn't have to be anything too complicated," Tony said. "Just keep it simple."
His head still hurt, though, so that was a negative. When he was in the shower, the feeling of the water droplets hitting his head was pure agony. He even thought he was seeing double at a few different points. He tried taking Excedrin, but like everything else he tried it barely even touched the pain.
"And why not?" Thanos asked. "You are their King. Certainly, your people would do anything to have you back on the throne, safe and sound."
"Any luck?"
As soon as he could get to his feet, Clint was bolting for the farmhouse again. He couldn't see anything other than a cloud of smoke rising from the ground. It felt like it took him hours to reach the site where his home once stood, but when he did, he was left reeling. There was nothing left but a few charred boards and a pile of ash. The smoke burned his eyes and lungs, but he didn't even notice. His home, his wife and children were just blown to smithereens in front of him and there wasn't a single thing he could've done to stop it.
"Oh, no," Bruce said, shaking his head. "I understand the others are incapacitated, but I'm not going to unleash the Hulk. Not for this."
"Of course, I'm sick," Steve said. "I'm just as sick as all the lunatics in the asylum."
Thank you to everyone who's checked out this story so far! It really means a lot! :)
"The kind where you go out on dates," Steve said. "And hold your lover in public. The kind where no one is going to make you feel ashamed for who you are and what you're doing."
"Good, good." He then got up and went around the table to Tony's side and put a hand on his boyfriend's shoulder. "Honey, why didn't you tell me you weren't feeling good?" Tony shrugged.
"They're already here?" Tony asked.
Thor wasn't supposed to come back. He sent the Destroyer to ensure that wouldn't happen. Somehow, though, Thor had proven himself worthy of wielding Mjolnir and had his powers restored. The Bifrost had been destroyed, and now he and Thor were dangling off the bridge, the only thing keeping them from falling into the black abyss of space being Odin's grip on Thor's leg. Loki had failed.
"She wasn't, though," Natasha concluded.
"Blasting," Carol offered. "Energy absorption, lifting incredibly heavy things… You name it, I can probably do it."
"You're better at it than him," Dante shrugged.
"Well, I
"Right this way." Dr. Cranston walked in that direction and Tony followed her. He took one last look behind him at the people who had come to support him. Happy gave him a thumbs up. Pepper gave him another reassuring smile. Rhodey nodded, sending the message of "it's okay." Steve, meanwhile, still looked like he was putting on a brave face. Tony smiled for him one last time before stepping into Cranston's office.
Eventually, Tony pulled himself up off the floor. He caught sight of himself in the mirror and was startled. He was clearly pale and to some extent he still had the shakes. His eyes were encircled by dark shadows that almost looked like bruises. He touched them gently to make sure that they weren't. The didn't hurt, so he took that as a good sign. However, he could clearly see how people believed that he could possibly be sick. Hell, he almost believed it himself. His hands then went to his jawline. After a week of not shaving, his goatee had grown scruffy. He knew he was going to have to take care of that, but not right now. Instead, he turned and went back to the bedroom.
Laura hadn't freaked out about the dog – which was good – but he was starting to feel uneasy about her assessment of his behavior the more he thought about it. He wasn't that impulsive, was he? No, he couldn't be. Sure, he could admit that he may be rushed to decide a few times recently, but he would hardly call that impulsive. Besides, it hadn't hurt anyone, right?
"Good," Knežević said. "Start heading down there. Have you spotted any guards yet?"
"No, no." Adoniram shook his head. "Don't worry about that. I have a new job lined up for you and trust me, it will have you doing good work for the Church."
. She yanked the tag off the bed and began to fold it and unfold it. It was all she really could do to entertain herself. Every book she'd found in this place so far was rather dull, and they only got TV for an hour in the rec room and the woman that controlled it didn't have very good taste.
"Just ignore them," he said. "Salinas and the Church both. We don't have beef with them and as far as we know, they don't have beef with us. We don't even know what they want in the first place. It could be completely unrelated." Tony brought his glass to his lips again but was met with confusion when he found it to be devoid of any liquid.
"The Loki stuff," she said. "Coulson, anything else… If any of it's bothering you, you know you can talk about it, right?"
"I'm sorry?" he said. "I didn't think it would be a problem."
"We don't have it officially confirmed yet," she said. "But he is showing symptoms."
talking about his sex life…Well, it would be like Christmas came early for them and it was also why Tony was glad that the reporter never got a chance to bring up the sex tapes. Tony felt a little bit of relief at that. That was one less thing to worry about for now.
"But it's not going to be that way for you," Rhodes said. "Gay rights are more understood and accepted now. Yes, you will be dragged through the dirt, but nowhere near as bad as you would have been twenty years ago. Besides, you have things that Tony didn't have back then."
"Alright," he heard Oswin say. "I'm here."
"Apology accepted," Steve said. "Is that all?"
"Alright," Clint said. "So, who's going to get it?"
Sharpton had stood from her seat as she shouted. Her voice continued to crescendo until it reached its breaking point. Natasha remained impassive through it all. Sharpton wanted to get her emotional and she wouldn't give her the satisfaction of that. Instead, she waited to see if Sharpton had anything to add. She clearly didn't as the sound of her ragged breathing filled the space.
"Mr. Stark," a voice called out as the two men approached the door. A museum employee – a tall woman with short, curly, black hair – stood there waiting for them. Tony raised his hand in greeting and picked up the pace. Steve followed him closely. When they caught up to the front door, Tony walked up to the woman and shook her hand. "It's wonderful to meet you, Mr. Stark."
"Consider yourself lucky." Jessica grimaced tightly.
"No," she said. "Not yet." Hill gave Clint a pitying look before schooling her face back into a serious expression.
"Right," Bruce said, but Lara could tell by his tone that he wasn't quite convinced. "Would you mind if I went with you?"
"No," Clint said. "I mean, I know I played that murder prank before, but I wouldn't go that far."
"It was an accident," Jessica insisted. "Please, Carol."
"Depends." Steve turned to Tony. "Do you want to go?" Slowly but surely, Tony nodded. He felt Steve's warm arms start to wrap around him just as Carol approached.
"You've never told anyone that?" Steve nodded. "Not even Tony?"
The woman then hung up the phone and looked up at Carol with a wide smile. In response, Carol raised an eyebrow.
Yes, both sex tapes and professionally-made pornographic films got passed around as well. The one thing that could always resolutely be said about the human species is that sex will always catch our attention. As revolting as that statement could be to some, the truth in it could not be denied. "Sex sells" for a reason.
"I heard you," he said. "But I can get him to stop calling you." Lara raised her eyebrows.
Tony tapped the screen and the see-through device lit up, displaying an unknown number on the screen. Tony's eyes narrowed. The number was way too long to be a telemarketer or anyone in the Continental United States for that matter. Intrigued and skeptical at the same time, Tony hit the accept call button and brought the device to his ear.
"Nothing," she assured. "Just smelled something weird."
The sound of the cashier clearing his throat reminded Tony that he had more immediate concerns. Looking from the tower of alcohol to the young man waiting to be paid, Tony bit his lip.
"Good," Laura said.
"You," he said as he approached her. "You did that?"
"Oh yeah," she said like it was nothing. "I've seen at least four so far. Five if you count the one I passed on my way in here."
"Brother Daniel," he said. "Wonderful to see you again." Adoniram took his hand and smiled back.
"Good," Lara said. "Although what surprised me most was that they barely went after Steve." Tony shrugged.
No, no, no, no! Don't Phunk with my heart!
"Which could be hours." Betty sighed in aggravation. "Do you mind…?" Bruce shook his head and stepped out of the way.
"Um, well…" Hesitation gripped Lara like a vice, trying to keep her from pushing words out of her mouth. She fought against the current hard, needing to get what happened out in the open air as soon as possible, at least so she could survive. "We were standing in the hallway of our apartment building. We live on the second floor, so there's a set of stairs there. When I… Hit… Him… I, I was standing at the top of the stairs, but facing away from them. We briefly argued about the fact that I… Hit… Him… Which led him to retaliate by pushing me down the stairs."
"To you," Jessica said. "But trust me, this man means the difference between life and death for Earth and every creature on it."
"Alright," Natasha said. "I'll leave you to rest, then."
"Ah, yeah, give me a sec." Lara pulled herself to her feet and tapped on the counter to bring the holographic screens back to life. When she got back from the liquor store the night before, Tony had her manning the computer as it ran a facial recognition search for Selvig across all private and public security surveillance cameras across the world that JARVIS could hack into. It was essentially busy work, but Tony couldn't ask her to read all the files for him and then transfer the knowledge into his brain. However, the fact that the program was still running was a testament to the fact that thus far the search had been fruitless. "Nothing yet, but honestly I'm not surprised. All the people this Loki guy has working for him are S.H.I.E.L.D., right? They'd know how to avoid being spotted."
"I manage," Bruce said. "Besides, I shouldn't be out in public where people could get hurt. It's safer that way."
"That was only a taste of what lies in wait for you should you try resisting again," the masculine-sounding creature said. "Submit or you shall know true pain." Loki tried to put whatever he could into his expression to show that he understood. The creature then continued to drag him to wherever it was he was being taken.
"My master," the creature said. "I have brought you a gift."
He then turned to his left to look across the room. He was a little startled to see that people had moved since he last looked up from the packet. (He must have
"It's all on me," Bruce cut in. "You didn't do anything wrong, Natasha. I shouldn't have let go like I did."
"I'm pretty sure those are all from the D.C. trip," he said. "There may be some stuff about the bio-terror attack, but I can't be sure. It seems to fast for them to have already made their report." Pepper shrugged.
"Oh please," Lara said. "Compton's not as bad as Dr. Dre advertises it to be. I never had a problem when I lived there."
"No buts," Pepper said, holding up her index finger to silence his objection. "Has she, or has she not?" Tony looked down.
"Consider yourself lucky you got the burgers at all," he said. "Burger King doesn't start serving lunch for another hour. Do you know how much begging and pleading I had to do to get them to change over the kitchen just to make two burgers?"
So, he just gave up. At least for now. He'd give her time to cool off. In the meantime, he had work to get done and a puppy to care for.
"It's not your fault," she assured. She then took a deep breath and changed the subject. "So, do you mind showing me what we've got so far?"
"Right," Tony agreed. They then lapsed into a peaceful silence for a few moments before Carol spoke up again.
"Where have you been?" Adoniram's mouth quickly dropped open, aghast.
"That day," Tony said. "That stuff with that girl, Jessica… Was that real or was I just tanked beyond all compare and just imaged it?" Lucky for him, Carol nodded.
"What do you mean?" Knežević took the perplexed look on her face to be purposefully taunting.
"Ways we can talk to Tony and try to keep what happened yesterday from happening again," Lara said. "I still don't think a spontaneous intervention is going to be helpful. At least, not one orchestrated without the help of a mental health professional."
"Twenty-five bucks?" Tony questioned. "Are you sure?"
She smirked to herself for a moment before the top of the tower started to come up underneath her. Now was the time. She let go of the alien she'd been controlling and threw herself off the bike. She timed it just right but wished she had stuck the landing a little better as she tumbled across the gravel roof. She knew she was going to have scrapes and bruises in odd places when she woke up the next day, but then again who here wasn't?
"What about Banner?" Natasha asked. "He's upstairs working in his office."
"Agreed," Conroy said. "But it seems that irrationality is an unavoidable curse in the world of upper-management – no offense."
"Try me." Steve raised his gaze so that he was looking Tony directly in the eyes. It was now or never.
"Anytime after eight's fine," Tony said. "Take your time, you don't need to show up here at four AM like you did this morning."
"No problem," Lara said, brushing a stray hair that had escaped her bun out of her face. "Where's Tony?"
"Fine," was the only response she got.
"That better?" Tony nodded.
"You're sure they can't trace this or anything?" he asked. "I saw on TV once that police can trace phone lines. Do you think they'll be able to trace this?"
"Oh, God yes."
"It's missing." Lara pulled the puppy away from her chest and sure enough, the dog was missing his front left leg. Lara's mouth dropped in shock.
Dr. Smith must have been, too, because all she told him to do was take aspirin for any headaches and to stay hydrated. Carol let her go back to check on Jessica before sitting back down in the desk chair.
"Yep," she said, popping the "p". "Wasn't even that hard."
"Do you need backup?" Happy asked.
Steve tried to change as fast as possible. It was a lot harder than one would think it would be, given that getting it on was rather seamless. Straps and zippers all easily slid into place and the layers of armor came together easily. However, taking them off was a bit harder. The straps were murder to try to undo and the zippers always seemed to get stuck on the way back down. On the one hand, that was probably good because they didn't want the uniform to come apart in the middle of a battle. On the other hand, it was a pain. It felt like the only way to get it off of him was to have someone else take it off of him.
"Thank you," he said as if he had a choice about wearing it in the first place. He ran a finger over the smooth surface of the bracelet. It wasn't metal, but whatever material it was made from didn't seem easily breakable either. As he continued to stare at the thin, restrictive band on his wrist, Tony put a hand on his shoulder. Steve tried not to overreact to the touch.
"Calling Commander Hill," she said, pulling the phone up to her ear. "We know Stark's not on the premises and S.H.I.E.L.D. has resources that can help us."
However, he knew that was going to be difficult. For starters, one of the robbers – a woman by the name of Winnifred Oswald, whom Tony was certain would come back as the woman on the surveillance footage – had already been arrested and was in FBI custody. They did have a second suspect they were looking for, but the cop wouldn't give him a name or any other information like that. He understood it was an ongoing investigation and all, but he couldn't help but be frustrated about the whole thing.
"Yesterday morning." Tony frowned. All he could remember were Carol, Jessica, and Fury at the safe house. Nothing came to mind with the name Salinas, but it was clear it concerned the others.
Vasyl Knežević and instead of interrogating me further you should be looking for him! He's been touching people and turning them to stone! I've seen it happen with my own eyes! Please! You have to do something to stop him!"
"Bye Bruce," she said as she pulled him in for a hug. "Take care of yourself."
"Yes," Subarian quickly confirmed. "It's also no longer contagious at that point."
"You're not the only one," Steve pointed out. "And if Tony doesn't see that, I won't let him fire you."
Clint was thrown back across the yard as the missile touched the ground. He could see every panel, floorboard, and shard of glass break apart in slow motion. His family was in that house; Laura, Lila, Cooper…
"Yes," Tony said. "Do you think I'd lie about this?"
"Amen," Bruce agreed.
"I keep feeling like I need to cough, but I try not to do it too much."
Within a fraction of a second, Tony moved to straddle Steve and had him locked in a deep, passionate kiss. Things got heated rather fast. Tony could feel his heart pounding in his chest as one kiss melted into another. As they breathlessly parted for a moment, an idea popped into Tony's head. Pressing a quick kiss to Steve's cheek, Tony brought his lips over to his ear.
"You should know," Steve said. "You're the one who initiated the context." Tony smiled and nodded.
While the nurse cleaned the site, they were going to draw blood from, Tony slipped his hand into Steve's free one. Steve looked at their joined hands, then back at Tony.
"Okay then," he said. "No problem. I understand. Would tomorrow be better or sometime next week? I'm sorry, I'm just anxious to see the girls again."
"When was the last time you were tested for HIV/AIDS?"
"Alright," she said. "What's changed in the past five minutes?"
"How bad?" Steve shook his head.
were the only ones that existed in her mind. That came to an end when the curtain was once again pulled back, this time revealing two familiar faces.
"All of them."
"Did you not hear what I just said?" Clint nodded.
"You're okay?" he said, scanning his eyes up and down Tony's body to be sure he hadn't missed any injuries.
"I'm doing this as a favor to Lara," Romanoff explained. "So, if you don't want to talk to me, that's fine, but let me do what I promised to do."
"Oh, okay," Maria said, completely understanding. "I'll see you in a bit then, right?"
"Mr. Stark, I think you've misunderstood our intent," Coulson tried to explain.
"Yes," Tony said. "They need my help with something I can't talk about. That's all."
Once she had her tea and finished her bagel, Oswin sat down next to the man and opened her laptop. Quickly finding her way to Google, she turned the screen to the man next to her, so he could see what she was doing.
"Clint," she started to say.
Originally uploaded to FFN on 7/4/19.
"I know," Freeman said. "But we have to take precautionary steps."
"If you're asking if I got sick again, I haven't," he said. "So far, I'm good." Clint nodded.
"I still shouldn't have done that without your permission, though." Lara shrugged.
"I was a king!" he snapped. "The rightful King of Asgard betrayed."
Originally posted to FFN on 9/1/19.
Natasha was another person who hadn't been able to sleep. The closest things to beds they had in that quarantine room were hard plastic exam tables. Obviously, it wasn't made to accommodate long-term stays. She made a mental note to log a complaint with Stark. That was, if she ever saw him again.
"Good evening," the slightly automated, British-sounding voice said. "Mr. Stark does not wish to be disturbed right now. If you would so kindly leave a message, I will make sure it gets to him. Please, start your recording after the tone."
"What do you want?" Adoniram's eyebrows raised in disbelief.
"No," he admitted.
"Like I could run a 10K," Tony said. "What do you think?" Bruce was unphased by his snappiness. He could deal with severe patients.
"That doesn't mean you should do away with caution," Pepper advised.
"No." Pepper crinkled her nose. "Why would he be arrested?"
kept flashing through her mind. She was an idiot. She shouldn't have assumed that Salinas was alone. Even if he hadn't brought over guests in the entire time she had been there, she should have taken more steps to ensure that Salinas would be the one drinking the water. She was so worried about keeping all her covers that she became careless. She wanted to slam her own head against the wall.
"Let her in," Tony said as he hit the play button for the millionth time. He wasn't sure, but he could have sworn he saw the chair move slightly for a millisecond there.
"A+," Steve said when Rawls looked at him. "And I can't give blood anyway."
"Uh, actually, I'm planning to threaten you," Tony said as he began to descend the stairs to the lounge below.
Tony buried his face in Steve's neck and didn't look at anything the entire way up to the apartment. He just breathed in Steve's natural scent and slowly felt himself slipping into unconsciousness. That was until he felt himself being placed down on something soft. Waking up, he realized Steve was lowering him onto a bed –
"I don't know," Tony asserted. "I can't say, and I can't comment."
"It's not," she said. "I know it's not. My ex won't stop calling me. It's really annoying."
"Lara!"
Running his fingers across the cool tile floor beneath him, Tony couldn't help but wonder what the hell was wrong with him. It's not like he wanted to be like this. He wanted to be able to sleep through the night, but he just couldn't. Even having Steve by his side didn't seem to do anything to help. All that he found that's helped was using alcohol to numb himself. He knew that wasn't healthy. He knew that if he wasn't careful, this could turn into an addiction, but it was keeping him disconnected to what happened. If he could stay disconnected from what happened, he could make it through the day. That's at least what he told himself.
"Trust me," he said. "Anything would look horrible after you've spent five being forced to do nothing but stare at it; even the Sistine Chapel."
"Court?" he questioned. "What did I do? Hey! I'm talking to you! Hey!"
"Then you know what to do." Salinas nodded before turning to exit the room, leaving Adoniram alone.
. It was midnight.
Tony felt a hand brush against his forehead. He opened his eyes to see nothing but concern and worry in Steve's.
"That Stark was found at around six o'clock this morning by a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent working undercover," Hill explained. "They brought him to a safe house to recover and he's safe now. However, that's all I can disclose for operational security reasons." Natasha and Clint nodded in understanding while Lara looked deeply disappointed.
Just before Christmas, they had gotten a call from Stark. They hadn't heard from him or any of the other Avengers since Coulson's funeral, so they immediately thought that it must be a world-ending catastrophe. Natasha was rushing Laura and the kids down to the Annex and Clint was sprinting to the safe to get their weapons before he had even picked up the phone. However, their alarm had been for naught. Stark was calling them to inform them that the Avengers had been invited to attend the State of the Union. Of course, both Clint and Nat had agreed to go, but if they had known what a circus this was going to be, they would have hesitated a bit more with their answer.
If it weren't for the fact that there was a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent sitting right there, neither Pepper nor Lara would have had time to school their expressions into something more friendly and appropriate. Freeman had been coming up on them so fast, he was practically running, but the S.H.I.E.L.D. agent sprung up and got between them, demanding to see ID. Freeman was thrown off-kilter for a second, but recovered enough to fork over both his driver's license and his SI ID. The agent (Agent Morse, apparently from what she told Freeman) took both IDs and studied them with more scrutiny than she had Lara's. After a few moments, she appeared to be satisfied and handed the IDs back but was sure to keep her eyes on him cautiously. Freeman gave her a nod in thanks and continued his way over to Pepper.
Steve laid across the living room couch, an arm draped over his face; trying desperately to fall asleep. He got only an hour at most after Tony tucked him in that morning. He wished he could say that he did not know why he felt that way or what triggered it, but that would be a straight up lie. He was concerned for Tony, which obviously was not unusual, but what truly sparked it was the question Tony asked him as he drifted off to sleep.
"While I appreciate the confidence in your abilities," he said. "You promised me you'd go right to sleep after that kiss."
Thankfully, it ended up being correct. As soon as Sharpton gave Natasha the information she wanted, she let her go. Steve let out the breath he'd been holding. There was a little bit of a resurgence of the fear when Natasha froze as she started to leave, but thankfully she took all her aggression out on the door rather than on Sharpton. The Police Chief let out a sharp gasp of surprise, but Steve and Hill were unphased and quickly left to catch up with her.
"So what?" Pepper questioned. "So, what about the fact that there's no furniture in here either, or flooring?" She stamped her high heel-clad foot on the concrete just to emphasize her point. "Even before you started this whole remodeling project you hadn't even had the floors done."
"You didn't come here because I bat my eyelashes at you," Natasha said.
Remember the 5th of November, kids!
"Already done." Lara turned around to see that the elevator doors hadn't closed and the lights were off. "I've also notified Tobias Wallace and the New York Police Department."
"Really?" she questioned. "What, specifically, don't you trust?"
"The media wants to make a whole spectacle of it," Lara shrugged. "Interviews, parties, yadda, yadda. It's the first time you're all going to be mostly together since New York, too, so that kind of adds to it. Plus, it would probably be easier for Barton and Romanoff to fly out to D.C. and fly back with us than doing a back-and-forth thing."
"Nope," Tony said. "Just do as I said. I'll be back tomorrow." At this point, they were walking down the driveway to Tony's car. Happy was already in the driver's seat and stood by, ready for Tony to get in the car so they could leave.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony couldn't help it. He started bawling in the second sentence. When Steve finished, he pulled him in for the wettest, most snot-covered kiss of his life. When he pulled back, his breathing was staggered.
"Good," he said. "That's good."
"I'm glad you've chosen to accept the position," he said. "I have a feeling you'll do exceptionally well."
"No, I mean, I don't think you should come over at all." Everything seemed to freeze around Knežević.
"I did the job, didn't I?" Romanoff's voice raised a bit with each word she spoke. Tony scoffed.
"Yesterday morning," Romanoff repeated. "Like around the same time we told you Stark was missing, and you completely brushed us off?" Freeman huffed.
"I'm sorry," Lara said. "Were you sent by Mr. Stark or an Agent Coulson? Because unless you were sent by either one of them…" She was cut off by a swift punch to her jaw and she would have fallen back if she didn't already have her hand braced against the elevator door to keep it from shutting. Her other hand flew to her jaw as she slowly looked up. "Wha-" She cut herself off when she saw that he was gearing up to throw another punch. Leaning forward and ducking down, Lara managed to avoid that blow and sent a counterpunch directly to her attacker's stomach. The man briefly gripped his side but seemed unphased as he tried to throw another punch. Lara dodged that one as well and countered by using all her strength to push him back as far as she could. By some miracle, she managed to make it far enough to buy her some time to hit the button to close the elevator doors.
"What saying?" Lara frowned.
"I want it," Steve said. "A hundred percent completely."
"We still say something," Natasha said. "It's our only lead. I just don't want to alarm Steve until we absolutely have to."
Once the safety performance finished up, Bruce and Lara took the pizzas and headed back to the elevator. Since Lara still seemed to be easing up – even remarking on how she couldn't wait to down her pizza whole – Bruce absolutely ascertained to himself that he wasn't going to bring up the topic of her ex again. After all, she seemed to bounce back okay in a short period of time, and he didn't want to ruin that.
Steve was surprised by how fast Tony's had shot up. For a second, Steve worried that he'd say something he shouldn't. Luckily, that ended up being unfounded.
"No!" Tony broke Steve's grip on him and started to walk into the path of an oncoming Lexus. Steve sprinted forward and pushed Tony as far out of the way as he could. Steve started to brace himself for impact but luckily the driver of the Lexus had one foot on the breaks. He stopped just in time and shouted the most creative string of curse words Steve had ever heard out the car window. That was saying something, considering he was in the Army.
Tony tilted his head back and let the cold-water wash over him. He usually took hot showers, but he didn't want to risk the steam making him dizzy to the point where he threw up, or worse. This was nice, though. The water felt soothing on his overly hot skin. Eventually, he felt good enough to get up off the ground and proceed with his shower like normal.
"Take us to Mount Sinai Hospital," she said. "The main building on Madison Avenue." The driver complied without a word. Steve looked back at Natasha.
"No one's been infected," Natasha said. "The letter was intercepted by Stark Industries security before anyone could be hurt." Sharpton laughed.
"Are you sure?" She was trying and failing to resist the urge to smile.
"I know," she said. "But a person is more likely to exit a building the way they came in, especially if they're disoriented, which Stark clearly was."
"Then what is your goal?" Tony asked. "Because I don't understand why S.H.I.E.L.D. would suddenly need information from the project that created Captain America. What are you playing at?" At that point, Fury relented.
Inside the doctor's station, Smith led Tony to an empty table and chair. Tony didn't even get a chance the properly look around before Smith started talking.
"Is it ringing?" Again, Lara answered in the affirmative. "Then answer it! It could be Stark!" Clint started to rush towards the phone, but Lara held a hand up to stop him.
"Got the message the first time, Banner." Bruce shook his head.
"He's not," Lara said. "But he's stubborn and likes to live in denial. He's not going to seek help on his own. He might recognize that he has a problem, but he's not going to seek help for it. You either have to force him into it against his will or make him see the light."
"Yes, but that's not the point," Natasha said. "He isn't supposed to leave bed because he's not supposed to be going anywhere, he can come into contact with viruses and pathogens."
"Bruce?" He turned around to see Betty standing there.
"You know," Laura said. "Like how Uncle Nick was born without an eye.
"Oh thank God!" He turned to look at Pepper on his right. She looked like she was breathing much easier now that the weight of that worry was off her shoulders. Turning to his left, Tony saw that Steve was just plain confused.
"And an apt one at that," Tony said. "I think I might steal it."
"Okay," Clint said. "That is a little much, but it's not because you're too attached."
Steve and Tony have made amends, and just in time, too! Loki is about to make his move and the Avengers need to come together before it's too late!
"Why not?"
got cleared to come off bedrest. You still aren't cleared for field duty or even to be out in the public."
"I can't draw a straight line to save my life," Lara remarked. "That's amazing!" Steve still looked at her oddly.
he thought.
"Could you be any cornier?"
"When did you become an expert in thermonuclear astrophysics?" Hill said.
"Don't get me wrong," Freeman said. "I did everything I was asked to do. I switched out interview scripts, I got our people into that Q&A session, but Stark's actions weren't my fault. He did all of that on his own."
"Yes, Tony," she said. "We're sure."
"Babe," he practically groaned. "I realize the massive hypocrisy in me saying this, but you
"Sorry," she apologized before scurrying up on Stark's six. Natasha shut the door behind them and pressed her head against its cool wood. Carefully, she found her center again.
"The Incident." Steve just blinked at him in confusion.
"I'm not just talking about you, Clint. We're all recovering from something in some shape or form." Natasha looked down, nodding her head.
"Yeah," he said. "We got into a situation a few months back. Stark very much saved our asses."
"It's not like I'm going to run myself into the ground," he argued. Tony smiled softly.
"Call me Tony, Steve." Tony had a rather sweet-looking smile on his face. It distracted Steve so much that the most he was able to get out were a small "alright." Luckily, Hill's abruptly interjecting voice brought him back to reality.
"Alright," he said. "Why don't you pass it over here?" Tony furrowed his brow.
The feeling of a rush of bee stings up his limbs broke Steve out of that train of thought. It was the same feeling one would get if they sat on their knees for a long time and then stood up. Steve tried to move his limbs to ease some of the pain, but that proved to be futile. His arms and legs were weighed down by something heavy and warm.
"Where?" Steve asked. "If you don't mean the hotel, then where? The tower? Your house?"
"Sorry," she said. "I know you don't like talking about it. I shouldn't have mentioned…"
"What do you mean by that?" she asked. "It's alright Tony, you can tell me." Tony really wished he could believe her on that, but he knew the truth was so terrible that once it was out, it couldn't be stopped. He dreaded the consequences, but at the same time, he was so hurt by what happened that he just wanted to tell her the truth. He wanted to tell everyone the truth, just so that way he'd be able to get it the weight of his chest.
The sun was starting to rise. Tony sat on a curb with his head in his hands, staring at his bare feet. He was contemplating his options. He had walked quite a distance from the convenience store, so much so that he had no idea where he was or how to get back to the hotel. The most cash he had on him was a dollar in quarters that had somehow accumulated in his pants pocket and he ended up losing all of it to a payphone that's handset cord had been severed. Tony tried to repair it, but he found that the wires had no electrical charge running through them at all, rendering the phone completely useless. So, in every sense of the word he was lost. There was no better way to sum it up.
"I just know it wasn't a dream." Tony had to pull back from the admittedly comfortable position he had worked himself into to look up at Steve, gazing directly into his eyes. The imploring look he gave him spoke volumes.
"Uh, kind of been wondering the same thing about you," Tony said.
Pepper was still visible in the corner of the screen. Instantly Lara could see her eyes slightly narrow, almost as if in suspicion. Whatever Freeman had to announce, it wasn't pre-planned. Lara took a deep breath and held it.
The BOLO stated that Knežević had been last seen wearing "only a soiled pair of underwear" and as having the ability to "turn anything he touched to stone." So, when reports of several 911 calls complaining about an intoxicated Asian man clad in only his underwear throwing rocks at people and screaming at them to get off the beach started to come in from the Vista Del Mar area, it was pretty much an obvious give-away as to where the wanted man was located.
All day, all he's done was sit in the waiting room and worry himself sick for Tony, not only about his current medical crisis but also about what would be done to him if the doctors suspected that one or both were gay. Pepper had already figured it out. Lara clearly had it in her head that if they were in bed together, that meant they had sex, even if they had all their clothes on. It wouldn't take long for a doctor to figure it out. Then, to top it all of there was the coup de grâce; Peggy had told Tony the one secret she swore on her life never to tell – the fact that Steve felt attraction towards both boys and girls.
"So would the IRS," Lara added. "And the FTC, the Better Business Bureau… Hell it might even make the Secret Service hot and bothered enough to step in."
"Good idea." Jessica had managed to catch her breath and stood up a little straighter. She winced a bit as she did it, though. "Flying all the way here and leaving me to run? Not so much."
"The chemical engineering labs, sometime over the weekend." Tony nodded even though Pepper couldn't see it, and mentally ran through a list of things valuable enough to warrant stealing. "Don't have any word on the how, though."
"Uh, I'm looking up the address in our systems now," the operator said. "And it seems we've already got reports of at least one active shooter in the area. Police are on the scene."
"Either pre-taped or print," she continued. "I believe the only live ones are the Q&A panel later today and the
"Yeah," Salinas said. "My first thought was that they went to her room to fuck, so I headed down to the basement. Didn't find them, but I did find this." From behind his back, Salinas pulled out a small cardboard box that he'd been holding the entire time and handed it to Adoniram.
Tony felt Steve run his hand up and down his arm comfortingly. Meanwhile, Lara slid into the seat across the aisle from them.
"Captain Rogers and Agent Romanoff are in the communal kitchen," the AI reported. "Dr. Banner is working in his office upstairs, and Agent Barton is in his quarters with Lucky the Dog."
As it turned out, the frog-man had forgot to mention that the shard was a sort of psychic flash-drive taken from the Kree, and that the Kree were looking for it. Hence why he offered it for such a low price. He wanted to get it off his hands before the Kree came looking for him, and when they eventually did, he just pointed them in the direction of the poor saps who had fallen for his little charade.
"Alright," she said. "Don't worry, I know how to find him." That didn't make Steve feel reassured at all, but he accepted it as he and Natasha began to make their way out of the lab and back upstairs. "So, did I miss something or was Stark just trying to get to me back there?"
"Yeah," Barton agreed. "That was freaky."
"No," Lara said. "But I have a restraining order out against my ex-husband, who is a member of that group and has been showing up at the tower with them and has tried to contact me while here." DeMarcus shrugged.
"That actually sounds like a fun time," he said.
"But Jessica's fine?" Carol nodded. Tony let out a breath he didn't know he was holding. "Good. Glad she wasn't killed because of me."
"What is it?" Carol asked, looking puzzled.
The time has finally come for Tony to meet his therapist. How will it go?
"This is the first I'm hearing of it," Tony said.
"I'm not okay," she admitted. "But I just need to get over it." As if to exemplify that, Lara straightened her posture to make herself seem more composed. Brushing a strand of hair out of her face, she quickly changed the subject. "So, how did the meeting go?"
The entire time Tony was speaking, his voice got hoarser and hoarser. By the end of it, he could barely speak. Steve stood there, astonished not only by the man's tenacity but also by the depth of emotion he displayed in those words. The fluttering feeling was back, and Steve made no attempt to stamp it out this time. In fact, he was embracing it.
"Eight," Knežević agreed. "So I think we should dedicate that with a toast!"
"What?" she said. "What do you mean? Was anything taken?"
"Why?" Tony asked. "I said I would handle it."
"Here, here!"
To her right was a wall-mounted mirror. …Or at least what she thought was a mirror. Within moments of walking through the door, half of the glass slid back, revealing a hidden panel and a woman on the other side.
"Yes," Clint confirmed while scratching the puppy's chest. "At least according to the timestamp on the video." Hill nodded again.
"The system is fine," Tony said. "Working flawlessly, in fact. The first thing I did yesterday after talking to the police was checking to make sure that no one had hacked into our systems. I personally double-checked every single system, file, and entry point for any sign we had been hacked and had JARVIS scan the whole system from top to bottom just to be safe. I didn't find anything; zip, zilch, nothing, no nada. I specifically designed my systems so that way if they were somehow hacked, then we'd have enough crumbs to lead us back to whoever stole the cookie jar. It's impossible for any hacker not to leave a trace through my systems. Even
"Trust us," Lara said, speaking up for the first time. "He looks much worse when he's scared." If that wasn't enough to make Tony's stomach churn, the other Avengers nodding in agreement to that remark did it.
"You honestly think I know that?" Tony felt Steve shrug.
"That's different," Hill said. "You're an agent, Stark's a consultant. He's not under our direct employment, so therefore we can't offer him the same services. Besides, Stark has the means to seek out mental health help if he truly needs it. It's not like he's helpless."
"Did you actually go or are you just saying that?" Dante glared at her.
Remember kids, I'm only one person and I'm not a wizard.
"Good," Tony said. "How many players are we looking at here?"
"Alright," she said. "A week, next Saturday at the Stork Club."
"Oh for goodness sake, Vasyl," Lorraine practically groaned. "That's exactly what got you put into prison in the first place!"
The following day, Tony didn't hear a single word from Howard about him storming out of the party, nor did he hear the man apologize for laughing at that incredibly stupid joke. For years, Tony continued to keep that secret. Peggy was the only person who knew outside of any men he had a relationship with (who were usually closeted as well, resulting in a state of mutually assured destruction.) In the end, Peggy was the only person he ever willingly came out to. The rest of the world… Well, he only had himself to blame for that.
"So, your relationship with the other Avengers is good?" That caused Tony to halt a little bit.
"Really?" Tony said. "Because it doesn't feel like it."
His jacket…
"Sir, I believe the Tamiflu you're holding has expired." Tony looked down at the bottle he was holding and saw that JARVIS was right.
Taking in that information, Natasha calculated how to proceed. Even without the board meeting, there were a lot of things they needed to discuss. She knew where she wanted to start but bringing it up in the correct way was going to be the hard part. Stark had shut down all her previous attempts to discuss the issues they had, and he was liable to do so again. She wanted to have an open, adult, and overall amicable conversation with him and to do so, she had to approach the topic carefully.
"No," Tony cut her off. "You've spied on me in the past. You've never worked as my personal assistant." Romanoff rolled her eyes.
…Or it could mean he had something far more serious.
"Official consulting hours are between three and five every other Thursday," Tony said.
"No?" He wasn't entirely sure what she was talking about.
"Well, you're not going to find out tonight because you need to get some sleep." Tony pulled back and let out a groan.
Remember kids, if they've just drunk a fifth of vodka, don't dare them to drive.
"Since now," Tony said. "I say so."
"Or maybe she's willing to put the past aside and work with you for the good of the team." Tony gave her a disbelieving look.
"He might know something," Natasha said right away. "Freeman, about Stark. I can't be sure, though. He was very vague."
It seemed that the agents had seen the cops coming from a mile away. While two of them worked to re-wire the elevator to get it to work (as they successfully managed to get the control panel off the wall) and a third stood guard, the remaining two set forth down the hall to greet their incoming guests. Lara watched with bated breath as they walked out of frame. She knew with great certainty what was going to come next; an ambush.
"Look," Clint said. "We have badges!"
He wasn't sure how it was possible, but he was pleasantly warm and achingly cold at the same time. The warmth was coming from an external source. He wanted to curl up into it and let it envelop him completely It felt like he hadn't been that warm in a long time.
When he thought about it, it really made sense. This entire country was filled with religious zealots. All he had to do was tap into their feeble minds and use their false Gods and paper idols to spread the ideas of socialism. It was practically genius!
thing to do."
"I'm fine," Tony said, his voice hoarse. "Much better than yesterday."
"According to your neighbors, you've been running a meth lab out of your basement." Knežević was stunned at both the accusation and the utter lack of emotion on the woman's face as she made it.
to relax into that couch. The material even smelled calming.
"Um, yeah," he said. "She said she wanted to invite you to the wedding." Lara raised her eyebrows.
"Before I turned thirteen, everything in my life was great." Oswin shook her head. "Well, not always great, but normal. I had friends, I had loving parents… Everything a kid could want. Then I turned thirteen… That's when people stopped noticing me." She wiped at a tear that was rolling down her cheek. "I don't mean that in a self-centered teenage angst sort of way. I mean like I could stand right in front of my mother and father breaking plates and screaming at the top of my lungs and they wouldn't even hear me or see me. It was devastating." Knežević handed her a napkin. "Thank you." He nodded as she patted her face dry.
"You won't be violating his privacy," Rhodes assured. "Hell, it'd probably be easier for me to tell you rather than try to have him explain it."
The questioning caused Knežević to pause in his self-pity party.
"See you soon," Clint promised. "Goodbye, sweetheart."
"Anacin?" Tony questioned. "Didn't they stop making that in the 70's?"
She raked her fingers though her damp blonde hair as she bit her lip and tried to figure out how to proceed. She knew there wasn't one in the guest bathroom and she found it doubtful that there'd be one anywhere in the guest room give that the penthouse was mostly occupied by men who likely rarely considered such things. To be sure, however, she had to check.
Within a few minutes, he heard two voices approaching from down the hall. He recognized them as Stark's and his assistants. He couldn't hear what they were saying until they walked into the room.
"Are we allowed to be here right now?" he asked Tony. "It doesn't look like anyone's here."
"Fine," he said. "You can talk to Rogers again, but only after I have spoken to him myself. Do you find that agreeable?"
"You don't have to deny it, honey bear," Tony said. "Admission is the first step to acceptance."
"It might not," Pepper agreed. "But are you going to open it to find out?" Tony looked down, refusing to meet Pepper's gaze. "That's what I thought."
Remember kids, is this the real life? Is this just fantasy?
A Secret Serviceman met with them and led them through the halls of the Capitol Building to their seats in the House Chamber. Steve took the first seat and Tony sat next to him with Romanoff, Barton, Bruce, and Lara following suit. It then became apparent that Freeman was no longer with them. Tony looked back to see if he had gotten caught up in the crowd and spotted him shaking hands with Congressman Salinas. Tony looked back and sighed. They didn't need him anyways.
"Yeah?" Steve was being a little hesitant about digging into his burger, even though he had seemed eager for one moment earlier.
Tony pulled back and allowed Steve to lift him into his arms bridal style. Making sure he had his arms securely around Steve's neck, Tony allowed himself to relax and rest his head on Steve's shoulder as he carried him out of the bathroom and over to their bed. It was a relatively short walk seeing as their bed was only about six feet from the bathroom, but Tony enjoyed it, nonetheless.
"Well, Lorraine," he said. "It seems you've left me with no other choice. He lunged forward and grabbed her exposed forearm. She palmed him on the nose to knock him back but little did she know, it was already too late. Once she got away from him, she noticed that her entire left arm was covered in stone and it was spreading to her body. All she could do was scream while Knežević watched with a smirk on his face. "You have no idea how long I've waited for this. My only regret is that I'm taking away one of the few minds in this world that still remembers Joyce."
"I'm sorry, but were you not working for S.H.I.E.L.D. during your time of employment under Mr. Stark?"
"Both my brothers, three therapists, my ex-husband, my friend Todd…" Tony shook his head.
"I have a change of clothes in my desk," she said. "So, trust me, I'm not going to look like Maggie off the pickle boat all day."
Tony felt a chill go over him. That wasn't the worst question he'd ever been asked by far, but it was still beyond bizarre and creepy as hell. He glanced over at Steve for a second to see that the other man was looking at him with a slightly concerned expression. Tony gave him a little nod to show him that he was fine before sending his eyes back into the crowd to find Lara again. She looked both concerned and angry. Tony carefully gave her a brief thumbs up to let her know he was okay, but from her expression, he could tell that she either didn't believe him or was too angry to care. After a few seconds, he decided that it was probably a mixture of both.
"Yeah, I heard," Steve said. "But I don't know what that is."
"What do you want?"
"Right on time," he said.
"I'm sorry?"
"But sir," the shorter of the two men said. "It is imperative that your customers be informed of the perils that await them. They deserve to have the opportunity to save their souls – as do you."
"You feel okay?" Steve eventually asked.
"I want to be with you, Tony," Steve said. "What I'm asking is if you still want to be with me despite all of these fears?"
"Well, I do," Steve said. "Now just relax and shut your eyes. I promise you'll feel better when you wake up." If for any reason, because he wouldn't have Valium in his system anymore.
Oswin awoke to the bright glare of the sun shining on her face. She could have sworn she closed the blinds the night before. Sitting up, her head began to thump, and she let out an audible groan.
"Don't worry about it," Bruce assured at the same time Stark spoke up.
Tony didn't know why he was so upset about that. Again, it wasn't like this was anything new. Steve had seen him at his absolute worst. Seeing him acting like a fool on a surveillance tape wouldn't change anything. Still, Tony somehow felt hurt. Not by Steve, but by himself.
There was a laugh on the other side of the phone, but Tony couldn’t tell if that was a good or bad thing. Tony settled for not answering, trying not to let Peter hear his nervous, shaky breaths.
There was a long pause of silence before that strange, deep, oddly accented voice pierced the air, “Well, Captain, I can’t say I’m not surprised. You’ve always had a knack for coming in and ruining my fun.”
And besides that, Tony
Peter laughed, “Man, it must be nice being a billionaire. I’d have parties like that every night.”
This morning, they were sitting at the breakfast bar. Tony sat in between Bruce and Thor, Steve across from him and Logan reading a newspaper next to Steve. Tony was sleepily drinking coffee from his regular mug, and staring blankly at his full bowl of now soggy cereal. Natasha yawned as she walked in the kitchen, “Morning guys.” She startled slightly when she saw the eighteen year-old boy sitting at the bar, “Morning, Tony” She said, her voice more soft then it was before.
Clint’s hand drops from her shoulder and looks to Steve in both shock and
Before Tony registers his words all Tony can think is
, they certainly hadn’t been legally selling weapons to the Soviet Union in 2015.
The bar had closed a half hour ago but Peter had taken a liking to the young man and decided to take shots along with him.
(Tony considers it a win.)
When they reached Tony’s room, Tony was about to open the door when he turned and said, “Steve- I wouldn’t… I don’t think I’d really care if you wanted to you know- sleep in here. With me.” Tony said, wincing at his own awkwardness. “And I mean sleep, cause frankly you look like shit.” Tony’s eyes widened, “Good shit! I mean—I’m just… I’m going to stop talking now.” Tony said and looked at Steve expectantly.
*******
Loki’s voice shook slightly as he spoke, trying to diffuse the seething man. “There was nothing more I could do, I basically had them all writhing-“
The team all drew back like they were slapped. Did Tony Stark just say,“fuck”?
“Well, Tony, You can call me Peter. What can I get for you?”
Almost.
The other looks relieved at the change in subject, “I’m Steve.” He returns, shaking Tony’s outstretched hand heartily.
Steve exhaled loudly, “Well, I guess that settles things.” He stands and walks to the door, “Shall we?”
Steve feels sick to his stomach.
“What do you mean, Tony, you have to explain.” Steve says, clearly trying his best to use his best calm and collected alpha voice to help ease Tony’s worries but the omega is beyond that point, shaking his head frantically and pulling away.
“No way! How the heck do you guys expect me to sleep while you-“ Tony stopped when Natasha stuck a small needle into the back of his neck. “Did you just- oh my god… you…jerk...” Tony scowled at her, realizing just what she’d done.
circumstances, can any of the Avengers find out that this is happening. Not only would they track you and ruin the mission entirely, they would probably slaughter me for putting you in danger.”
” He breathes, “more than anything in the world. I wish he had a long happy life with whichever poor beta or omega that he could trick into marrying him. I wanted him to have kids and get a white picket fence- anything that would make him happy. That’s all I ever wanted.”
There’s also something about the phrasing in the contracts. Odd capitalizations and some words written in different languages, Tony’s suspicions slowly rise.
When the Avengers arrive home the next day they’re a little bit less than furious. They get a call at two in the morning in their hotel in Chicago, claiming that the trustworthy, innocent little eighteen year old they had left at home was currently throwing the biggest party New York has seen since the end of WWII. And sure enough, it’s on just about every news channel, the tower’s penthouse illuminated in alternating colors and spewing music that was literally pounding throughout the street below. They were about ten minutes from departure when the entire tower went black and within the next five minutes hundreds upon hundreds of people filled the streets below, all trying to either catch a taxi or walk to a nearby bar.
be okay with an omega being their consultant. “If everyone is comfortable with that, I’d be happy to help.” He says earnestly.
. And of course the good Captain couldn’t live with the fact that he was only the most attractive man the omega had ever seen, but he had also listened to Tony intently, made him feel safe after his altercation with Rumlow, and even joked around with him about Fury.
But it felt real. Tony knew this day like the back of his hand. It was his 8th birthday. His mother was drunk, like always. Howard was busy, like always. Jarvis had made him his favorite breakfast, told him happy birthday, and gave him a hug. But then Jarvis had other things to do. And Tony was lonely and bored, a normal thing for a 7 year old living in a mansion with 210 acres and no one to play with.
“Nat was going to get a picture!”
So, Tony decided that the random helmet he made would soon be of use to him. (And the avengers, cause Tony was planning to start kicking some serious butt)
When they tell him he can go, he lets them all hug him.
And he disappeared once again.
“You’re not old enough to drink, Tony!” Steve yelled, exasperated at the same time that Natasha yelled:
Well, he tried to scream, but for some reason, it didn’t go through to the real world. It sort of just bounced off the walls of his mind and echoed back around. Tony recognized the crippling tiredness. He was no stranger to this feeling. Even at his young age, with all of the drama around finding the Avengers placements; figuring out how to get them into New York, how to convince them to be a part of the team, all the while still running a multi-billion dollar company… yeah, tiredness and Tony were old friends by now. Tony sighed deeply, tried to tune back in to the conversations around him. He could vaguely feel someone playing with the hair on the back of his neck, but he dismissed it.
Steve blinks and remembers the nervous kid in front of him, staring at him like he’s a dream come true. Steve smiles, he had been back in… well, back in the land of the living, for about 2 months now, and this kid that he had never met was the first one to smile at him so genuinely. Not to mention all the blushing and stuttering, which wasn’t anything less than flattering. “It’s so nice to meet you, Tony. No need for formalities, you can just call me Steve.” He said, returning Tony’s handshake.
Shield is on the case within minutes and after hearing eye witness accounts of hazy red headaches and voices in their mind, the Avengers are put on a Quinjet and shipped off. Bruce goes reluctantly. No one had seen much of the scientist the past few days and Tony worries. The curly haired man sends him a smile nonetheless, ruffles his hair, and climbs aboard alongside Nat.
The fire in Tony’s eyes died quickly, releasing his fists. “Sorry.” He whispered before turning and quickly going into his workshop.
Not Tony.
“Um. Welcome back?” Tony said, smiling awkwardly.
“My team?!” Tony says exasperatedly. “Hardly.” He huffs.
“I said I am all too aware that I’m not your alpha. And you’re not my omega.” Steve says and suddenly Tony feels a
Right now, Thor was attempting to braid Tony’s short hair, his eyes narrowed in deep concentration.
The entry room was silent, which was never the case seeing as the entry way was completely open to the living room, den, and kitchen & bar area. Steve inhaled deeply before calling out, “Tony? Clint?”
“Is he okay?” Natasha asked bluntly after closing the door where Tony was in Steve’s bed, everyone agreeing that Tony would probably feel safer there.
Tony’s already shaking his head and Steve can feel the younger shuddering next to him, “No, Clint. Tomorrow is the anniversary. It’s the anniversary and he’s
“Tony,” Steve’s voice is shaky, low, and incredibly serious. “There’s nothing here.”
The first thing Tony had done when he turned eighteen was stall any and all weapons production for Stark Industries. He had seen the things those weapons could do and more importantly, Tony knew the people who were being handed these guns.
“No one understands. They think they do, but they
“Yes, Captain, I happen to have a problem with all people who let innocent kids be in danger. And when that kid in Tony Stark-“
Tony stared after him. It was like everything was in slow motion. The dust dissipating, The footsteps growing closer, and most prominently, People saying his name.
“This pertains to Shield. We need your assistance on a top secret mission. If you accept, you need to know that top secret means no one outside of this conversation can know. That means lying to the Avengers and never speaking of what happens during your mission to anyone other than myself and Director Fury.” Coulson says this all without a single smile or laugh. Tony glances around the room, feeling like the camera crew of Punk’d is about to jump out.
She would pet his hair and tell him to never fall in love, or to never have children, because they only ruined good things.
Tony reared back. “You know I’m not old enough for alcohol. And why do we need other people?”
“Listen to you what? Apologize for the fortieth time? Feel bad for me some more? I’m over it. It’s done. There’s absolutely nothing any of you can do about it now so do what I did and get the fuck over it.” He growled.
“Yes, yes. It’s absolutely perfect. Flawless in fact.” Loki smiled, his hands already twitching in anticipation.
Disclaimer: Don’t own em’. Never will.
“Sorry, sorry, I got a little held up at the airport.” Bruce Banner said, placing some papers in front of Coulson.
Suddenly, Tony’s yells stopped, and that must mean that Steve’s back. Clint would’ve thanked God, but after watching an innocent little kid being torn apart from the inside-out, Clint didn’t think any god who let things like that happen was worth thanking.
Lying to the team won’t be easy, but Tony’s going to have to get used to it if his secret project keeps going as well as it has been lately. He picks his hand up, charging the reactor with the press of a button and releases.
Tony didn’t like Hammer.
“Expendable.”
“No! This is stupid! I don’t need a babysitter, Steve.”
The science wasn’t completely sound, but it was Tony’s best shot at this point. He wasn’t even positive that the arc reactor was a good idea for mass production. Yes, it would serve as an amazing step towards clean energy for the entire world. But it would also be a huge temptation, and Tony knows the board of SI and even worse, the military, would want the technology for something else. Something bigger and much more dangerous.
Steve is surprised at the low growl that leaves his throat inadvertently. He looks, wide-eyed to Tony’s confused look, “You—weren’t you 14 when you were a freshman?”
Slide to unlock
Steve: *exists
Tony nods in agreement, looking somewhat amused, not at all helping Steve’s concern. “God, you and Rhodey can never meet. You two are
Tony woke up to a warm bed, feeling well rested for the first time in a long time. He yawned, and felt the arms around his waist tighten and a nose nuzzle the back of his neck. Tony let out a small sound of approval, pushing back into the body before he felt- wait… was that…?
Steve, Clint, Nat, everyone: tonY NO
“Exactly, Thor.” Steve answered, humor vague in his tone.
Tony shrugs, “It’s complicated, I guess. Nat’s close, definitely, but I don’t think she bonds easily. Something to do with the whole Russian assassin thing. I’ve known her a few years but she hasn’t expressed any real interest in a bond, not even to Clint.”
“Tony!” A deep voice way too close to his ear yelled.
Tony groaned, “How can you be sure?”
Steve once again had to be pulled back by Logan (who was barely restraining himself), to keep from jumping on Loki. “I’ll fucking kill you.” Steve growled.
“Tony—that. That alpha was probably 18 or even older, he should have never been talking to you, let alone—you know.” Steve sputters angrily.
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter rolled his eyes, “You and Steve. Are, you know, fucking? Or whatever it is you kids do these days.” He says teasingly.
But anyway, I added a surprise character, for no other reason than because I like him. ITS MINE I SHALL DO WHAT I WISH WITH IT.
Peter seemed to take that as acceptance and started to walk away before Logan added, “-But if you do end up being the little shit we all think you are, don’t even begin to think that I won’t rip your throat out.”
Tony hugs him back for a second before Logan escorts peter out, only a little too roughly.
Steve inhaled shakily, looking down at Tony intently before putting one hand carefully at the back of Tony’s neck and brought his head down so that his forehead met Tony’s. Steve closed his eyes and whispered, “You.”
Natasha’s jaw drops at that and both Steve and Clint stop for a moment. It isn’t often that Nat is caught off guard. “There’s no way.” She says softly, stepping towards the mirrored glass.
A new voice pierced the air, startling the Avengers, “I’m wounded, Clint.” Peter said as he waltzed into the room.
“Sir is not referring to me, Captain Rogers.” The AI says, almost defensively. Tony did say that his creation is just three months old, he’s a bit testy at times. “He’s referring to my namesake, Sir Edwin Jarvis.
Tony should really pay attention to what he’s saying. “W-what?” He asks, dumbly, trying to ignore just how hard his heart is pounding.
Kis cica- Little Kitten
, like, I’m this dorky beta and she’s this drop dead gorgeous alpha with red hair and green eyes and we were
Tony shrugged nonchalantly, “I’ll have someone come by in the morning.”
Tony: on my way to meet captain america!!! Not nervous at all just about to meet my reason for existence hah aha aha ha
“It’s alright, Steve. Like you said, you haven’t been around omegas for a while and Tony has a way of bringing out everyone’s protective side.” Clint tries, even as he keeps his distance.
And Steve understands. No matter how many people told him they were so sorry for his loss when his mother died—when
and had taken it upon himself to teach Tony how to defend himself. Ever since that day Clint had been like Tony’s older brother, fiercely loyal and protective. Even though they didn’t see each other as often these days, nothing ever changed between the two of them.
Stark Industries heiress, Maria Stark killed in tragic accident
Steve didn’t intend on being this protective over an omega he met less than twenty four hours ago, but here he is. And honestly, he knows what it probably looks like to the other avengers but it’s
Weapons were never Tony’s passion anyway. Sure, it’s easy to build something that can explode into a million pieces, Tony’s been creating things like
“Just take a minute, Tony, you only passed out a few minutes ago,” He reprimands lightly, helping the omega sit up on his own. Steve removes his arms from around Tony but doesn’t move away.
The avengers were angry when they got that call at 2 AM.
James Rhodes walked in on… well, an interesting sight. Number one, Captain America was sitting on the floor next to his best friend. Number two; there were two very well known assassins in the room. And three- “Tony isn’t that the guy you have all of those science posters of?” He asked, looking directly at Bruce.  “How’d you get to meet him? And why does that guy look like Steve Rogers? Are you paying him? Did your life sized cardboard cut out of Captain America break?” Rhodey was confused.
So guys I really REALLY shouldn’t be writing right now. Not only do I have my permit test on Tuesday (///UPDATE/// I GOT MY PERMIT. 1 QUESTION WRONG BABYS OMG) but I also have a Julius Caesar memorization due Thursday that is FREAKING me OUUUUT. I’m so scared omgomg.
“Okay, that’s enough, Agent Hill. He’s told you all he knows.” Steve says, and yes, thank goodness Steve is in Tony’s corner this time. Because really, who’s going to say no to Captain America?
He didn’t want to deal with any questions from the team about Howard’s involvement with HYDRA and he certainly didn’t want to deal with Steve’s guilty eyes following him around. A part of him wanted to gloat to the alpha—that shows him to underestimate Tony Stark’s stellar research and deduction skills.
Peter stands behind him with a worried, slightly scared look on his face. “Tony, buddy, you okay?” He asks, hesitantly putting his hand on Tony’s shoulder. Tony immediately buries himself in Peter’s arms, earning a small, “Oof!” from the other man.
The Avengers are going to be pissed.
This time, Steve tried to speak up, “Coul-“ But once again, Phil cut him off.
Continuing his fast pace down the hall, Tony starts typing out a long message to Rhodey. Ever since Rhodey started training in the air force, they haven’t been able to talk much, but they both make a habit of sending texts when they can. Last Tony heard, Rhodey was complaining about some other alpha at the base who’s totally showing him up in all of their basic training assignments. Rhodes says that he’s met his ultimate arch nemesis but Tony sees it for what it truly is; young love. He’s in the middle of waxing poetic about what the two alpha’s children will look like when he hears a low voice call after him. “Tony?”
He follows the agent, who pulls out a packet of papers from god-knows-where and looks at Tony expectantly.
Tony laughs lightly, tilting his head, “I mean, I didn’t really believe you when you said you’d
It had only been two days since the attack, but Tony had calmed considerably since the day before, and the only drugs he had were painkillers for the bruising around his waist.
If you are someone who is coming from the story this one is based off of (Please, Don't Believe Me) PLEASE read the End Note. There are going to be some pretty big changes from the first one to this one that i'm kind of nervous about so just give that a read before commenting anything because I think it will clear a lot of things up.
Steve never meant to have these kind of feelings, okay?
Nick Fury had never particularly hated Tony Stark. Of course, the kid was hyper and kind of annoying, but knowing him since he was 6, Nick knew that this Tony was a lot better than the Tony he knew 3 years ago. Sure, Tony was still a little shy, shouting made him uneasy, and authority figures were something a little less than terrifying for him, but at least now he smiled and laughed often.
Tony expects Clint to be the one rushing over first but to what seems like everyone’s surprise it’s Steve, marching over and placing a hand hesitantly on the back of Tony’s neck in a comforting gesture. “Tony, what the hell happened? Are you okay?”
"Totally." Tony says as robotically as possible. "Acting natural. Easy Peasy."
******
“You are not surprised.” She says, tilting her head. Tony suddenly recognizes the slight accent, takes in her long red hair. “They did say you were even more clever than your father.”
Coulson gave him a sympathetic smile as he stood, “Good Luck, Tony. Remember this. If anything goes wrong- anything at all, leave. If our insider doesn’t show up at exactly 9:45, leave. If the bartender won’t give you the whiskey, leave. We have people stationed throughout this entire gala, each and every one there to keep you and our insider as safe as possible, but you need to be on high alert. You can handle this, right?”
Tony fell to the ground in agony. “He knows. He knows. He knows everything.” He heard people screaming his name. His friends. His family. His… Steve. But no matter how hard he tried He couldn’t answer. He could only dig his nails into the cement ground and listen and watch the horrific life that he lived. Howard was right. Howard was always right.
told me. I have a choice to make. There really wasn’t much else. It was just…” Tony trails off once more looking towards the ground. “It was really scary. It wasn’t
No, he didn’t make an angry grumbling noise or anything, he actually growled at Steve. Steve heard this along with a metallic sheering sound that made Steve want to cringe and cover his ears. He also heard Tony yelling. Steve’s eyes widened at the elongated, metal claws ripping from the opposing man’s knuckles.
know who’s after him, but Steve keeps going. “You can’t just run off on your own anymore. It’s not safe right now and you’re vulnerable.”
This suit, Tony decided, was turning out to be absolutely perfect. His mind was already exploding with the thousands of ideas running through it. His hands simply did what they wanted, subconsciously building the models mapped out in tony’s head.
Steve returns the look with a smile. “Let me walk you there,” He offers a hand to help Tony stand.
How are we feeling? Any thoughts of where things are going?
*****
Despite Tony’s embarrassment, Steve doesn’t even hesitate. “Yes! Yeah, of course. I’d- I mean. Yes.” The older man stumbles across the affirmation and his ears are tinged with red.
“Oh.” Tony says, feeling a shiver go up his spine.
“Logan.” Clint muttered. “Might as well let him go, Cap. He’s no danger— as long as he decides you're worthy enough for his presence.
Steve recognized the man almost immediately. “I thought I told you to stay away from him.” He snarled viciously.
Not really knowing how to respond Tony chuckles mirthlessly, “Anything for prosthetics, right?”
“Alright everyone, Party’s over!” Peter yells, ignoring the yells of protest. “I suggest you follow those pretty blue lights over to the exit before they turn off and the police show up!”
Steve didn’t like the eerie silence that consumed the tower. Steve stopped suddenly, causing Tony to run into his back. Steve smiled apologetically and Tony shrugged, still looking scared.
Fury doesn’t show emotion- it’s not in his code. But he sighs, and shakes his head in what seems to be some form of sympathy. “We don’t know much yet, but Howard was…” Fury’s eye drifts to meet Tony’s. “Howard wasn’t the same after you went under, Cap.”
So it
“What are you doing here?” Steve growled lowly, stepping closer to the door that Peter was leaned on. Peter just raised an eyebrow.
“Well, not that this isn’t adorable, but I’m afraid it’s time for Blondie to start raining sunshine down on America about now.”
his job. Weapons development had taken a backseat to the new and upcoming clean energy stint Tony was on, but the past few days he’s been working on something new.
order, Tony-“
Clint rolls his eyes, “Should I be offended that I’m never a part of you two’s pissing contests? I’m just going to assume you’re both too intimidated by me to even try to challenge me.” He glares at Natasha after a small huff of laughter is heard from her direction.
“Right, that’s what their called!” Justin says with an amused smile.
when he had to sneak in late at night so that he could fill Clint’s locker with itching powder. This time the dread pirate Fury himself had called Tony in.
Bruce sends a comforting smile Tony’s way. “I’m hoping I won’t be needed much on the field, but I am definitely excited to work with you in the lab sometime.”
“Was that a groan?”
He shrugs it off, corners of his mouth tilting up as he turns more fully, taking a half step in Steve’s direction before he takes in just how
The doctor narrowed his eyes slightly before taking a step back and handing her a small stack of papers, “These are confirmations of Tony’s diagnosis. The recommended drugs have been ordered and will be here within the hour. I recommend using his dosage as if he was 2 years younger, given his size. There’s also a list recommended psychologists and such, if Tony decides to see one. Tell Tony I wish him a good recovery, will you?” And with that, Dr. Lawson walked away briskly.
"I don't know if your listening, or if you care, or if your even alive..." He took a few shuddering breaths, biting one knuckle. "Nope, not going there again, your fine, everything is okay.... Steve, come on, give me some sort of sign. Anything, I don't care what. A note through the cracks? A text? Loud, heavy base, angry music? Just a hint of life, Steve?" Tony pleaded, feeling his willingness to stay there dissipate. He needed Rhodey there, the voice of reason, Tony's rationality, someone to assure him it would be okay even when he wasn't sure it would be. Rhodey was good like that, ever since they met in MIT.... Always there to pick Tony up off his ass, pry his door out of his mouth, saving him from
Bucky sat patiently and waited for Natalia to fetch a washcloth and some bottles. He straightened his legs out in front of him and watched as the water around them became a little murky. Seeing the grime leave his body so easily made him feel lighter, the knowledge that he would be clean again was almost like a physical weight off his shoulders. He’d forgotten what it felt like to be clean, and he wasn’t even half way there yet.
Tony took one small step towards Steve. He stayed vertical. So he tried again, also successful. Thinking the rest would be fine, Tony attempted his usual swagger on his short walk over to mystery man. Well he would have done if, after another two paces, he didn't trip up over his own feet and went headfirst into the side table with a very ungraceful 'oof'.
"Yes sir." Steve squeaked, knowing exactly what was coming. Once under the drapes, Steve felt a whole new level of private, he could still see out but it was just shapes and shadows, even sound was a little muffled, it was almost magical. On his knees, Steve pulled a pillow under his chin and shoulders, making his rear the highest point. Tony emerged from the bathroom, a few bottles in hand and a cloth. He placed the bottles on the bedside table before joining Steve under the drapes, holding a flannel. Steve swallowed when Tony knelt behind him, thankfully everything had been discussed long ago and they knew each other's limits. The traffic light system was in place and they had a safe word. Steve trusted Tony with his life, he knew he would never get hurt by him.
"Tony? Tony focus on me. You need to come out from under here Tones." Rhodey turning up was like a miracle, the one man who wouldn't judge Tony, or blame him, for his actions. He was also one of the few people who had seen this side of Tony, the side that no one wanted anyone to see. Currently, Rhodey was crouched by the desk, maybe two or three metres away and more out in the open space, knowing exactly where to be, having done this with Tony before.
"Thank you,” he said, sounding more human and less undead.
“Actually, that one’s a bag of vitamins, minerals and electrolytes that you are really lacking right now. This one-” he held up a slightly smaller bag, “-Glucose. Energy. Of which you need more of. This one here….” He held up a large syringe, “Is the antibiotics. This goes in with the first.” He explained, and Bucky really appreciated being shown and told exactly what was happening.
"Can I go to my floor and get clothes?" He asked, looking up with pleading eyes.
“Oh for god’s sake, it’s not like I haven’t seen it all before” Natalia huffed, turning her back and crossing her arms. “Hurry up.” She added for good measure.
"Could you not have just used the one on your hand?" Natasha piped up glancing down at his arm, Tony's actions piquing her interest.
Turning his attention away from the two strangers and looking down at himself, he still had the jeans he’d stolen months back but his chest was bare, revealing all his ugly scars and malnourished body. He looked up at his flesh arm and then back down to his left shoulder, struggling to remember why his arm was off but there was still metal on him. However, his stump had been wrapped in huge bandages and then Bucky remembered what he’d done. The pain had been too much to bare so he’d torn his prosthetic right off.
! You don't even realise what you've done to Steve do you? You couldn't care less! No matter what he says,
A hand was placed gingerly on his shoulder, slowly curling around the back of his neck when it wasn't shrugged off.
7 people in total. 3 guards, 2 nurses, Bruce and maybe another doctor. 2 guards on the main door, probably more outside. One guard stood by the door to the cell. The nurses were… not doing a lot. Making care notes probably, Bucky couldn’t see. The other doctor was watching with interest and Bruce was rubbing his eyes under his glasses.
"Thanks,” he murmured, his voice no better than before.
“Aren’t you supposed to be one of his closest friends?” Natalia asked accusingly.
"Told you he wouldn't know Tony, how many times do I have to be right before you start listening to me?" Bruce boasted, tapping one of the three screens so it still followed Bucky. "Hey, JARVIS? Are you able to find a different angle?" He inquired, his voice slightly tense.
"No." Tony backfired, "not deliberately at least. I have an apartment in this block and I just got the wrong one. Sorry..." He said sheepishly, a small blush tinting his cheeks. Normally, Tony would be shamelessly flirting but something about being mothered, by a stranger no less, in such a way forced him to act differently.
“What do you mean, ‘can’t’?” Natalia asked, guiding him to sit back down and lay on the bed. At that point, Clint returned with 4 small bottles filled with a clear liquid and four wrappers with what Bucky suspected were syringes in them.
"I'm... Hiding." He admitted, sluggishly rubbing his eyes and frowning at the headache already starting to form behind them.
Bucky didn’t need anything more than that before he was pushing himself up out of the chair. He stumbled to one side because of how off balance he was without the weight of his arm. But he was able to fix it easily enough. He carefully wandered out of the elevator and in the direction Clint had gone, having to hold one arm out and use the wall to lean on slightly.
"Im gonna have to answer this, you good?" Tony checked, setting his unsorted stack to one side and rising to his feet. Steve looked up and appeared to be slightly guilty, or maybe worried, but nodded anyway, Tony didn't know what else he could do so he pressed green and vacated to the guest room.
Handing back the bottle to Natalia's waiting hand he noticed the light indicating the floor number was moving a lot faster than he anticipated. Upon closer inspection he saw that the top 12 floors were residential:
The ipod became the first in manny gift Tony either chucked into Steve's lap or subtly hid underneath whichever pillow he occupied that night. The most complicated by far had been the StarkPhone. Steve looked in borrow at Tony's extended hand, almost as though he was handing over a dead baby. It took him about six hours to fully explain, until Clint caught wind of what was happening and complained that he still couldn't find the camera function. So the one-on-one tutorial became a full class of StarkTech lessons.
Those would be the first thing Tony replaced.
After that fateful night two years ago, a beautiful romance blossomed.
Bucky nodded once, sitting up and crossing his arm over his body so Natalia could reach.
"Okay spangles, I'm back, make sure you're a good ten feet away." He warned, standing as far back as he could and raising his arm, aiming about 20cm down from the top, a quarter of the way in. He fired, using the laser to cut the metal in a large rectangle, it taking a few minutes to get all the way round. As expected, the metal did not fall away from the surrounding door, which was why he had the repulsor. Angling his body to the other side before aiming and firing dead centre. The smell of burning metal was fresh in his nostrils and he tentatively stepped forward, not sure of what to expect once inside.
"And we didn't do anything. Not even Sam... Thank you Steve. For letting me in, for accepting my help." Tony swallowed and pulled away, looking up and smiling weakly.
Steve could be dead...
This was a part of the relationship that both men found they enjoyed, so they occasionally indulged; they didn't want it to be a frequent event otherwise it would stop being special. Both men also liked to be dominated and be dominating, though Steve often preferred to be submissive.
"Can you stay?" Tony whispered, glad the room was dark enough to hide the blush on his cheeks. He felt a little guilty for asking but he was very used to having someone like JARVIS (real or AI) watching over him in case of a rogue kidnapping or just to wake him before a nightmare took hold. Steve didn't even question it, he simply pulled up the beanbag nearby and plonked himself in it, still lower then Tony but high enough to keep an eye.
"Im glad you like it, now get over here and give me your mouth." He ordered with a teasing slap. Steve quickly turned and knelt before Tony, the movement causing more stimulation inside him.
"Fucking hell Rogers! What the fuck is that stuff?! Owwwww!!" He cried, his hands gripping Steve's hips.
When she was done, Natalia deposited the razor on the counter and then wrapped the hair in the towel, setting it down in the sink and then helping Bucky up and out of the bath. She wrapped a towel around his waist and then another around his hair so it didn’t drip everywhere.
"Yeah, just... Maybe need a minute..." He slurred, bending his knees and stretching them out again, flinching at the crack of his joints. Tony nodded and took the ankle restraints back to their cupboard. He then disappeared to the bathroom and returned with the oil and a bowl of steaming water which he left on the bedside table.
"Paparazzi." Tony said with a shrug, he knew he brought some of it on himself but he still deserved privacy.
to tell the team that he'd tried, that he initially told Steve 'no'. That wasn't exactly how it went though.
Steve did as he was told and opened his mouth, waiting for Tony to guid him as usual. Tony snaked his arm up and let his hand grasp Steve's hair at the nape. Without any restraining, Steve let Tony push him down and onto his cock. Steve didn't quite know why but he really loved being controlled by Tony, letting Tony do as he pleased with his body. Tony knew him best, Tony understood what he needed better than he did. It made for a better orgasm every time. It was also based upon trust and love and care. If Steve ever so much as uttered the word 'yellow' Tony would halt everything immediately. Even though 'yellow' simply meant 'slow down'. Also, Tony never shirked on aftercare, doting on a panting, sweaty, boneless, babbling Steve while he came down from whatever kind of high he was on. He would often use baby oil to massage his thighs or back, sometimes using ointment on his writs and ankles if they looked red or sore.
reality TV in the 21st century. Tony realised that Steve was still really far behind. So he made it his personal mission to amend it, starting with music. It was easy to slot it in between his other projects; making new suits, developing gadgets and toys for Clint and Natasha, making Steve's suite simultaneously more protective and more snug (mainly for the benefit of others, Tony told himself), he even offered to design something for Thor but the thunder God boisterously declined but thanked him with a pat on the back forceful enough to dislocate a shoulder. (
"I'm sorry, sorry. I should have warned you. Can you just hold that to your head? Im gonna grab a first aid kit." Steve shuffled back and waited until he was sure Tony could support himself. He rushed off into some room and returned with a huge ass, desert camouflage rucksack.
Deciding it was best to stay quiet, and not piss the guy off any more than he clearly already had, Bucky simply nodded. The smaller woman frowned at bucket man and then at Bucky, walking forwards until she was about an arm's-reach away. The guy's glare became harder, more threatening. It was obvious that there was something between them.
"We've got him." Clint interrupted, not in the right mood to mess around.
The lack of air was gradually causing his brain to go cloudy, black dots dancing across his vision and making it hard to focus on Rhodey.
"Do it," he pleaded, knowing he could never be what he was, a hero, a friend, a brother. "I deserve it," he added, pressing his neck forward into the knife edge.
Tony could understand this kind of agony to a certain extent, he lost Pepper about a month after the invasion of New York. She 'couldn't handle it, she needed to put the company first, would always love him and hoped they could remain friends as they had been before.' Tony hadn't even seen it coming, he'd been to focused on the clean up, a giant shark infestation (which would have been fine if they hadn't developed ways of breathing out of water) and about a thousand other things. But then, in retrospect, that probably was a sign in itself.
Until he couldn't, he began to whimper as he came, trying to thrust into Tony's hand. A hand that was swiftly removed so Steve's first orgasm was ruined, thirsting into thin air for any kind of sensation. His erection twitched and the head shone with the little he did come but he was left frustrated and in Tony's 'bad books'.
"Better view point." He said quietly, even though it wouldn't be. Tony would be on his side watching the film so Steve would get the back of his head and his ear.
He blinked his eyes open, squinting against the bright light. He groaned a little, turning his head away from the light and squeezing them closed. He heard a switch and tentatively opened them again, seeing the main light had been shut off and a smaller bedside light had been turned on in its place. It was far less painful; he was able to focus on the room. Though things still seemed a little blurry, and his head was pounding as he’d been warned.
"Joy, I have to sit through that all over again..." He mumbled, throwing his arms up and stalking to the elevator, throwing the pencil in Steve's general direction, it looping twice in the air before falling seamlessly into Steve's waiting palm.
"James, it's okay. That's JARVIS. He's Stark's artificial intelligence and he monitors the building and everyone in it. He can't hurt you," Natalia implored, she wasn't even phased by his reaction.
"Hey Cap? Don't sweat it, I offered, I just didn't realise how much angst you'd got pent up." Clint spoke from beneath him, a little rough and raw but that was just from exertion. Steve stood in one swift motion, pulling Clint with him. He was graceful in his own way, all the muscle and bulk controlled the way a gymnasts would be. It was an odd combination as there were times Steve could be very clumsy, bumping into door-frames, tripping up stairs, sometimes even his own feet. It was in those moments that Steve remembered who he was now, no longer weedy Steve Rogers from Brooklyn but The big and strong Captain here to save America. It was a heavy burden.
Each rib stuck out, skin taught in between. His stomach was a hollow pit and his hips were prominent. As were his shoulders and spine, each vertebra jutting out like a miniature mountain range. Having been kept in the ice and the dark for so long meant Bucky's skin was almost grey in colour, apart from the pink patches of past punishments, scarring that had not completely healed the way Steve's would. His serum was a knockoff version, good enough to do the job but it lacked some of the benefits.
. His skills had clearly diminished as he hadn't heard anything, too preoccupied with his own plight. He was also a little confused as they said he wouldn’t be alone, but that could just include when he’s out of chains. Bucky looked up again and tugged, testing the strength, when it didn’t immediately give, he tugged harder, his muscles straining and a small grunt of effort escaping him.
"Last night you said this was you accepting help. We need you Cap, I can't lead this team. Sure I'll pay for it and make weapons for it but I am not a leader. You are, you know how, you're good with people. You carry on like this and you won't be around to boss anyone around. Even if you have to force it down, just humour me and eat the goddamn pancakes would you?" Tony vented, not realising that his hand was now snugly entwined with Steve's until it was squeezed.
The petite redhead turned and looked at him expectantly, gesturing to the deep bath. Frowning, Bucky went to step inside the slightly steaming water but Natalia placed her hand on his wrist, pulling him back with a slight shake of her head. What was she trying to tell him? What is it he needs to do?
All members of the small gathering looked up in confusion, a sort of universal
"What's the matter, how is he...? Christ, Tony, are you okay?" Bruce implored, seeing Tony's jittery movements.
“Yeah, I heard all that earlier.” Bucky interrupted, his body listing to one side as his energy waned. “antibiotics, that bag of fluid there right? I consent.”
If there wasn't a small rodent burrowing into his skull then he could probably find out. However, he wasn't graced with such a luxury and he still hasn't been given anything to drink.
Now his mind was working double time trying to figure out a way to get him out and communicate more efficiently.
"Perhaps 72 hours 30 was pushing it, sir?" JARVIS' reprimanding voice echoes through the workshop. Out of the corner of his eyes he could see the disapproving look Rhodey wore so often around Tony and he elected to ignore it, choosing instead to glare at the ceiling.
That was Natalia, 2 of the three people he could hear in the room.
Natalia was already filling the large basin when he entered, he stood awkwardly on the white tiles looking around and not knowing what to do, waiting for an order. As with the bedroom, everything could fit at least 2 people and Bucky wandered if it was Starks idea of funny or if he just didn’t like small spaces.
"Okay, so at a guess sergeant Barns is on his way to the Smithsonian. He keeps checking his watch and has some leaflets so maybe he's going to see the one time only special Captain America show. Which I had no idea about, hey Steve! Why didn't you tell us?" Tony rambled, turning and starting towards Steve. Steve just rolled his eyes, throwing the tablet down on the sofa and walking towards the screen.
Tony winced and hissed, the towel had partially dried to his hair, the wound re-opening slightly. "Owww." He complained, trying not to pull away.
"Tut tut tut.. You lied to me Steve, you should have said you couldn't last and I would have helped to through. Now you're itching for more but knowing you can't have it. Shame. But I do enjoy punishing my bad bad boy." Tony taunted, sharply twisting Steve's nipples, causing him to cry out in shock. "Get on the bed, face first, on your knees." He ordered, disappearing into the bathroom to collect a couple of objects.
"Where is it? Where is it?
"Green." Steve rasped, a small sated gin on his lips. Tony grinned in return, getting up and moving to the foot, releasing Steve's ankles.
Biting his lip to contain the grin, Tony leapt up to fetch the eye garment, letting it rest on Steve's chest just in front of where he then straddled. "I'm going to tie you up now, front or back?" He asked as he always did, there was a lot of routine when they did this. Steve thought for a moment, trying not to let the vibrations distract him.
"Cap." Steve groaned, this was the first time he'd managed to get back to sleep after a nightmare, and then not had another one. "Hey cap. Steve!" Tony poked his shoulder, then his cheek. "Captain Steve Rogers!" Tony shouted, climbing onto the bed and jumping so he jostled Steve. "I know your awake." He announced and Steve could tell he had his arms crossed and his eyebrows raised in that smug smart ass way without even having to look.
"Green, oh please sir, green!" He pleaded, refraining from pushing back. Tony began to push the toy in, Steve didn't know what it was but it felt different. The more it went in the more Steve felt it's shape, it was curved downwards with small nobbles on it. It didn't take long for Steve to realise it's purpose, once in all the way he could feel it pressing directly on his prostate.
, he wasn't sure he could hold off against this. Tony apparently saw this and withdrew a little, so it wasn't pressed directly against him.
It was all Tony could do to close his gaping jaw and choke out a pained '
Steve could be dead.
So naturally Steve followed. It took a couple of seconds for his muscles to get into gear and actually move, flight it was.
"How the hell did you manage that? Did you weld them together or something? These types of doors aren't easy to replace either, it's not as if it had been long since I put them in either, I don't know why I did your floor differently to everyone else's, I mean really? I have the money but if I'm gonna spend it then it's gonna be on something big, not new doors. I think I might make the new ones glass so we can see in. Not that you'll be on your floor, I should never have left you alone... Or maybe just one set of doors, so you see a dark, dirty elevator shaft. Saves us this trouble anyway. Oh, and while we're on the subject - JARVIS! What the fuck did you do to him? He isn't happy, I wouldn't expect and favours from him any time so-" Tony's nervous ranting was cut off by four loud bangs, not so much knocks this time, more like the door was being slapped or kicked. He stopped, realising his error.
"Come for me Steve." Tony whispered, taking Steve in his mouth and hollowing his cheeks. Steve peaked and then thrust best he could into Tony's mouth, also pushing himself down onto Tony's fingers, spilling his load into the genius' waiting throat. When he's come down from his high, Tony pulled off, only he decided Steve was apparently not done. He began to relentlessly tug at Steve, swiftly adding another finger and thrusting into him.
Natalia's voice startled him into reality.
"He's right though Tony, you need sleep. Do I have to sedate you again?" He asked, only semi-joking. Tony quickly shook his head, holding his hands up in a surrender and he plodded toward the lift, Colonel James Rhodes on his heels.
Bucky looked back up at the chain around his wrist; it was silver and shiny, not rusty iron like he expected. The inside of the cuff was softly lined and padded, proving to the assassin inside that it was more for caution than punishment. He hadn't noticed the two similar chains hugging his ankles. He has enough chain length to allow him to move a few metres in each direction but not to reach anything he could use to escape…he liked that trust.
"I was feeling kind tonight but since you disobeyed early on I'm going to make tonight very difficult. I hope you like being edged Steve." He hissed, fitting his role perfectly. Steve nodded obediently, parting his legs wider in wait for what was to come. Tony chuckled and stroked his back softly, a gesture to show this was just an act and he would come out of it at any point if Steve needed it. Contact was lost and Steve heard the click of a bottle top, then came the feeling of one of Tony's fingers against his entrance. Steve relaxed instantly, letting out a small moan, it had been well over a month since he's been penetrated and God had he missed the feeling. Soon came a second finger and Steve groaned loudly, pushing himself back into Tony's fingers.
Bucky frowned and let his eyes adjust, finally focusing enough to figure out who the fuzzy form in front of him was.
"My apologies sir, Captain Rogers' heart rate and breathing appeared elevated, I was simply concerned for his well being." Jarvis responded, having the decency to sound apologetic. Tony simply glared up for a minute, clearly contemplating what to do next: open it in front of Steve or give it back? Luckily for Tony, he chose the latter, that was not a wrestling match he'd want to lose.
Before moving to a new area, Natalia would warn him, so he knew where the next touch would be coming from. She kept asking him if he hurt, also telling him he was allowed to admit it if it did. He wouldn’t dare. She also made the odd comment about his size. Having not been able to eat a lot, he'd lost a lot of weight and muscle, he'd caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror on the way in to the bathroom; even when he was so poor he could hardly feed Steve, let alone himself, he hadn't been this underweight.
he couldn’t keep things straight in his head. The only plus side is that he didn’t have to think through a headache anymore. He thought back, tracking his movements the to the last time he felt alert like this. Turning, he began to walk around the cell, using the drip stand to stop himself drifting to the right.
“Agreed. Come on then Barnes, I’m guessing you can probably hear us by now, Steve hates it when he has to have this stuff” Bucky felt the bed shift beside him as Clint sat on the bed. “I know it feels horrible, and I really hope you’re not in the middle of a flashback ready to choke me to death when you can move again. I’m gonna touch your hand, try and squeeze it, it’s a good indication of how your body is burning off the drug.” He explained.
"I don't know how you managed to lock this door. Or, more importantly, how a 1940's man like yourself managed to block all of JARVIS' communications... He's and AI, I can't even do that. And I don't want him monitoring me half the time. I mean I don't know what I'd do without him, he's kept me on the relatively straight and narrow for a long time. My best invention, even the iron man suit doesn't top it.... This is ridiculous..." Tony sighed heavily, looking at himself in the mirrored wall. His eyes were bloodshot and the two different shades of grey lining the sockets made them look sunken into his skull. His lips were chapped and nibbled raw, drawn into a thin line. His head hurt, his face hurt, his stomach hurt, everything had some level of pain, 12 hours sleep had very little effect other than an energy boost.
“I’m going to wash your arm now.” She eventually informed him, moving on the edge of the tub to get better access. It was quicker here, she wasn’t as careful because she could see his face and would be able to tell if he was hurt or scared. he moved where she wanted him and felt more relaxed and less like the assassin the cleaner he became.
Luckily as leader of The Avengers, Steve was given the access code for Tony's workshop in case of emergencies. While this wasn't exactly an emergency, Steve was going to utilise the privilege he'd been granted "Stark?!" He called angrily, storming into the workshop and stumbling back when he saw Tony with his feet up, Steve's sketchbook sitting closed on his lap, fingers twirling the 2B pencil in his hand.
“Yes.” He said simply, carefully lowering himself down into the hot water and blocking out the pain of any wounds yet to be healed. When he sat upright, the water only came up to his waist. Probably deliberately done so the bandaging on his arm wouldn’t get wet.
"Who the fuck are you?" Came a strong voice from a tall, broad, muscular man standing above Tony with a confused and irritated expression. Oh great, Tony climbed into the wrong apartment. Not that he was really complaining, they guy was hot. Like Icarus kind of hot. He currently had that steamy anger thing going on that was super sexy, whether it was intended to be that was was superfluous. Tony rolled onto his front beneath the window he'd collapsed under. In his defence, he'd thought it was his own, and he was very drunk...
“Did you find my cat?” he asks as he began eying everyone in the room to try and judge their position and role in this space, he took note of where the doors were and that they seemed to need an access code to enter and leave. There weren’t any windows, underground maybe? Or a room within a floor of the tower. It was white and sterile, maybe to reduce the amount of sensory input. It was a little painful on the eyes initially, but he could see the value of it, it wasn’t distracting him from the more important things in the room.
Another half hour passed and Tony felt Steve begin to twitch around him, he was already close but this just pushed him over. He reached under Steve's hips and lifted so he was able to hit the sweet spot each thrust, and then they were both coming. Steve taking Tony's bottom lip between his teeth and clenching his eyes shut as he came without being touched, white streaming over his belly. Tony followed about a millisecond after Steve began, his hips faltering in their rhythm, filling Steve deep inside.
Tony shifted, sitting cross legged on the bed by Steve's feet. Steve now became more awake, this hasn't happened before and it was obviously important. He heard Tony take a breath to speak, and then let it out again, doing the same and getting caught on the first word, sounded like an 'I'.
"Twilight saga tonight. The whole team has to be there." He said softly, feeling the palpable tension wash away with Tony's groan.
"Hey James-" the hand on his shoulder tightened and stopped him from getting closer to the other man. "Clint isn't going to be a prick and use the nickname if you don't want him to. We're good, we're going to try and keep ourselves out of chains right? You do this for us, let us help you then you won't go back in them. The second we think you're a threat we lock you up. Deal?"
"Ugh, fine!" Tony sighed, sitting up and waiting for Steve to sit back down again, laying back and using Steve as a head ready once again.
That had been unexpected, this man’s behaviour was slightly unsettling to Bucky. Even so, he walked back over to the bed and sat down on it, facing the wall and Bruce on the outside. “I won’t answer anything when surrounded by people I don’t know.” He stated clearly, refusing to even blink as he stared at Bruce.
“You think Steve is just going to sit around and accept he can’t see his best friend from the dark ages?”
They'd made it to the elevator with almost no issues, the chains were coded rather than key locked, clever...so it had taken less than a minute to get him out of them. Getting into the elevator had been more difficult as Bucky apparently had trouble walking, maybe it was because he felt lopsided and off balance, maybe he had been injured.
"Yes sir." He breathed, pushing his hips into the sheets. Tony chuckled, pressing a button on the plug so the vibrations stopped. Steve whined, long and disapproving.
His head snapped up at the sound of a door closing, he was now
Tony clambered off his stool as the air rushed from his lungs, the hurricane force of panic and terror shook him to his core. He cowered under his workshop desk, knees drawn to his chest, knuckles bone white as he clutched his hair in an attempt to quell the tremors that ran the length of his body.
"Right, okay..." He started, taking breaths and releasing them, not knowing what else to say. Eventually he settled on not saying anything at all, deciding instead to curl his arm around Steve's slim waist.
"W-who?" He stammered, needing clarification. He could hear shuffling and groaning in the background, the scrape of metal was also distinctive.
Next came the ankle restraints, clipping on around the posts and resting in wait for Steve's ankles. Then finally the drapes, 3 ties, one on each of the three outer sides. They fell open with a shwoosh and Tony became a silhouette in the centre of the bed. By the time he emerged, Steve was panting and dripping, having drawn himself as close as he could without going over. He knew one touch from Tony could ruin that.
"I killed Steve, I killed him Rhodey. He's dead because of me, cause I let him go to his floor alone, it's against the rules but I. Still. Did. It!" He spat, feeling Rhodey's strong arms wrap protectively around his shoulders, rocking forward and back slightly.
Natalia came to sit behind him. Not joining him in the water but sitting on the ledge so she could easily reach him. “James, I’m going to use the shower head to wash what isn’t submerged, I will avoid your left shoulder. Does that sound okay?” She asked, giving him the freedom to choose once again. He nodded his affirmative and heard the tap turn on, quickly changing to a spray that was not yet angled towards him. But he could feel the tiny spray of cool water and realised she was waiting for it to warm. He could hardly remember a time of having warm water to clean with even before the war.
"The Winter Soldier is currently waking, sir. If you wish to communicate that is." JARVIS' voice sounded distance and tinny but Tony was thankful for it nonetheless.
"What did you think of the relationship between Bella and Charlie?" He asked, crossing is arms just below the arc reactor. Steve bit his lip, he knew Bella was the protagonist and narrator but he couldn't remember who Charlie was at all.
The words were spoken in a soft, velvety voice, one Bucky had never been able to refuse. Now that he thought about it he realised that the stump did feel uncomfortable. The pain of removing the metal one subsided as soon as he blacked out and the freezing temperatures had numbed it enough so that he couldn’t feel anything.
"I know, I'm sorry. I'm almost done..." Steve said, squeezing a little more before returning the tube and slowly releasing his fingers. "It's a glue, it helps bind wounds together so it can start the healing process quicker. Much better than stitching, more sterile, and honestly, it's less painful." Steve patted Tony's hands against his waist but didn't force them off. Simply reached over for a bandage and a dressing, placing one down and then using the bandage to secure it. He pinned it in place and then pulled back. 'There, good as new...' He mumbled, smiling down softly. Tony smiled lazily up at him, eyes drooping a little. "We ought to get you to bed, I'll leave another bottle of water on the side and a couple of pills. Then I can take you back to where ever it is your really staying." Steve planned aloud, collecting the bits of rubbish and everything from his kit, placing it back in its place while still not forcing Tony to let go.
“Of course. Thank you doctor. Come on Peter.”
Bucky opens his mouth to reply when his pager went off. He groans and reaches over to check it. He reads it and curses
“Someone almost fell out a window?”
He couldn’t see Thor’s face but could tell Thor didn’t believe him. Tony laid down down on on his stomach, tucking his good arm under his head and the other hung off the table.
“Just come with me Stevie.”  Bucky pulls him gently into an empty patient’s room near by.
“What did you do to Steve to make him look for comfort outside of his marriage? His morals are very important to him. He loved you but you drove him away.”
“Stephen…”
“James Barnes.” He takes a deep breath to prepare him for the conversation.
“Shall we begin?” Ana askes, looking around.
“Mhm. Anthony Edward Stark, will you go to hospital fall formal with me?”
“No, you have to work.Stephen. Those people need you more than I do. I can handle this and if not, Nat will break his dick off and feed it to him.” Tony says bluntly, fixing the cuff of his jacket and looking up.
“You’re making full words. That’s good. I need you to take three deep breaths, okay? Ready? Together. In”
Woo Stephen's POV
Exactly thirty seconds later, the door opened. Steve was greeted by a British man a little shorter than Steve himself, but just as scary if not more. Edwin Jarvis. This was the man that Tony considered his father as his real father pretended he didn't exist. Edwin was extremely protective of Tony, partly because he and his wife were not blessed with biological children of their own.
“That’s what Peter said.”
Stephen hummed a little as he strolls into the hospital but stopped short when he saw a flash of shoulder length brown hair. His jaw tightens and he started forward but then his pager went off. Sighing a little, Stephen turned away and headed to the MRI room.
With that, he stands and leaves the room, slipping outside and circling the building before going back inside with big worried eyes.
Instead of replying, Edwin looks over Steve's shoulder. “I couldn't be prouder of anyone.”
“I don’t know.” Tony sighs and gets up. “I don’t even know what caused that.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Uh oh. Nothing good ever comes from those words.” Steve makes his way over to the bed and sits down. “Am I in trouble?” The words were teasing but Bucky didn’t smile.
“Tony is here in the ER.’ Bucky says nonchalantly. Steve just sighs. Of course. He leans down and kisses Bucky’s face.
Tony stared at him for a moment before sitting up and pushing Stephen onto his back.
“Is seeing not proof enough?”
“Good. Now.” Tony stands. “Change and come join us. We can get the first movie watched tonight.”
“How is young Peter?”
“I always have time for you.”
“No. Nothing important.”
The compliment was genuine. Stephen wore a white suit with a black tie and lapels. The colors brought out the pale blue of the younger man’s eyes.
“We need to talk Tony.”
“Tony I told you and I’ll keep telling you. I will wait for as long as it takes. I don’t care how long you need. I have all the time in the world.”
“Is that what he tells you?” Tony lets out a short laugh.
Tony straddles him, looking down. “I dreamed about you.”
“Uh, Maximoff sir.”
“There's pepperoni and cheese. The bottom one is Hawaiian.” He gives Tony a pointed look before running a hand through his already messed up hair. Tony makes a face and sticks his tongue out.
Steve grips the vinyl of the bed, making the paperr crinkle. “Did Tony tell you that? You know he’s a liar.”
Of course, Tony hadn’t done anything to set him off yet so it was only a matter of time.
“Yes. We need to talk about that Tony.”
“He doesn’t seem to be able to read.”
“I can’t wait.”
Song:
“Focus on the shoes and talk to me. What’s on your mind?”
“Wow. Harsh.” Steve laughs, following the other two in. “I want to keep this short and sweet.” He says, sitting down.
Stephen sits down beside him and looks over at him. “The hospital is having a Fall Formal for the teens who can’t go to their own and I’m forced to go.”
“I’ll see you later.”
“What are we gonna do?” He asked softly.
“Out.” They released together. “Again.” They repeated this twice before Stephen spoke again. “Find one thing and focus on it.”
“I saw what he looked like Steve. He showed me.”
Steve stood still for a good minute or so before he began to look around. He knew this room well. He and Tony's family had dinner together quite often. Along the mantle of the fireplace were a row of pictures.
“I don’t have anything to say to you.” Tony says bluntly.
Tony stared at her in shock. “About what?”
“You’re an abusive alcoholic. I don’t need him to tell me that.”
“Anything else interesting happen?”
Come say hi! (If you want to)
“Tony.” Steve’s voice changes, hardens. “Are you really going to make a scene here of all places?”
“I’m starting to regret that.” Tony mumbles before letting out a soft groan. “Right there.”
Natasha opens her office door and sticks her head up. “Tony.”  She greets warmly. Then, “Steven.” She says coldly.
“Then that sounds like a plan.”
Steve didn’t go home after he left Tony in that parking lot. Instead, he went to the hospital where Bucky worked. He was tired of looking at Tony’s mopy ass face and he needed to see someone he could actually stand to look at. Plus he missed Bucky. He hadn’t seen him in almost three days. He picks up his phone and calls the top number on his speed dial. It rang twice before the line was picked up.
“Tony, what-”
“You okay dad?”
-----.-----
Bucky laid back, up on his elbows. “Is that so?”
Stephen wakes to find Tony tucked into his chest. The shorter man had his eyes closed but he was mumbling in incoherent Italian. He catches his name-or was he referring to Steve? It was terrible having the same name as the person of your affection’s ex. Tony’s fingers twist in in the fabric of Stephen’s shirt.
“You were gone a while so I wanted to check on you. Did something happen?”
“Don’t you think I know that?” Bucky yells. “But I’m not you. I’m not the one putting an innocent man and a child through hell. I’m not the one that put that man in the hospitalhopital at least one hundred and sixty eight times in ten years!”
“Tony-”
“Tony, we will figure this out. I swear to you.” Nathasha kneels beside him and tilts his chin up. “He won’t get away with how he treats you.”
“No, Steve, we don’t.”
“Steven you need to leave.” He vaguely hears Natasha say.
“Who is your husband?”
“You weren’t supposed to find out..” Steve says simply. He didn’t even sound sorry. That pissed Bucky off more.
Tony lifts his head and looks up. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to worry you. I don’t know what happened.”
“I know.” Tony answers in a soft voice.
“Do you want  to be in charge for once,” Steve tilts his head, their faces close to touching. “Dr. Barnes?”
Stephen starts off down the hall, his jaw tight and his fists gripped tightly. He turns to the nearest person and scrubs and demands harshly. “Where is James Barnes?”
Tony blushes slightly and doesn’t answer.
Tony felt his heart hammer but couldn’t bring himself to look up. “What if I’m never ready? Because I don’t know if I’ll ever be. I know you aren’t Steve. You’re basically the opposite but I’m scared. What if I’m ruined?”
Bucky groans and reaches over. “Barnes.”
“Yeah.” Tony nods in response. “Tomorrow.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Got the stuff?” He asked, pulling the ties of the scrub pants with his teeth.
Tony doesn’t answer and pushes past and out of the bleachers to find Peter before his break was over. Stephen follows, and Tony turns toward him.
“Because you’re a stupid drunken bastard?” James asked as he lights a cigarette.
Steve nods. “He is quite the man.”
“Yes sir.” Stephen laughs a little. Once Tony leaves, he changes into sweatpants and a purple t-shirt before walking back out to the living room. Peter was curled up in an armchair and Tony was stretched out across the couch. Stephen simply lifts Tony's feet before setting them back down on his lap after sitting.
Okay so Bruce is 100% mom friend.
“Come on. We have to meet the kids at the car.” Stephen tugs his hand and Tony follows with a smile.
“O-” Before she got her answer out, Stephen was gone.
“I work late tonight but if you like we can do a movie marathon if you like.”
“God I’ve missed you.” Bucky groans between kisses.
“No no. I’d love to. I’m just surprised you want to go with me. I mean isn’t there so many others you’d rather take?”
Stephen’s hands go up to Tony’s waist and he groans softly. “Tony…”
“You’re just as bad as I am. You are sleeping with a married man.”
James’ expression changed from disgust to confusion to horror.
“Oh here we go again.” He hears Steve say. If he could stand, he would have left. The next thing he knows, his head collided with the cold tile.
Stephen looked like he was going to protest but just nods. “Alright. At least let me know how it goes?”
“Good. I don’t want to be here longer than I have to.”
Steve reaches for him and Tony flinches away.
Toiny cracked a smile. “So did I. It was nice not having to worry if I was going to be hit tonight or not.” He says before he could stop himself. He stared at the ground, not speaking.
Tony hesitates, wondering if he should tell Thor about Stephen. His mind returns to that morning and his face flushed. Burying his face deeper into the pillow. Tony shakes his head.
“Steven.” She just rolls her eyes and returns to her book.
TO BE CONTINUED. PART TWO COMING SOON
Bucky pushes him back. “Burn in hell.” He spat, leaving the room and slamming the door behind him. He lets out a breath then rubs one hand down his face. He just slapped America’s Golden Boy. He could lose his medical license over this. First of all he needed to find Stephen and Tony to apologize and then he could worry about his career later.
Well here comes a scene a lot of y'all have been waiting for. Well kinda
“I’m screwing your husband and you aren’t breaking my face right now? What is up with that?”
“I see...Alright. Thanks for the heads up.”
“Yes?”
“Tony. I knew I’d find you here.”
“It's Friday night. He's fine.” She says, not looking up.
Peter waves back as the couple takes off. Tony looks up at Stephen.
Tony smiles and thanks him, moving past the lobby. Thor was finishing with a customer but looked up with a smile.
Tony takes a deep breath in. Stephen counted to three.
“Steve-”
Tony wasn’t sure why, but he believed her. He nods, bringing her hand up to Stephen’s before looking up and nodding again.
Steve stood on the porch, his nerves high as he wrung his hands staring at the big oak door. Taking a deep breath, he knocks three times.
Tony watches the other man’s expression harden.
Steve smacks him and slowly pulls away. “You are something else James Barnes.”
“No.” Bucky snaps. “You don’t get to call me that. Not anymore. You will call me Dr. Barnes or not at all. You made a liar out of me. You made me lose the respect of the best doctor in this hospital, probably in the country. Do you have any idea what that could do my career?” His voice rises as he speaks, probably ableto be heard from the hall. “You made an ass out of me. Do you even care about that?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Of course not Peter.” Tony answers. “We were just waiting for you.”
“You too, Doctor Man.” Tony smiles a little more.
“Yeah for crazy people.”
“Cum for me love.” He says, kissing just beneath his ear. Steve always knew when Bucky's orgasm was near. His nose would scrunch up and his eyes would close. That was exactly the face he was making now. Steve begins to thrust faster, his breath short and harsh, his sounds mixing with Bucky’s.
“Is there a problem?” A voice said from behind him.
“Oh? What for?”
Peter sighs a little and nods. “Yeah. Okay. See you afterwards?”
“I’m so stupid, asking you to sleep with me. And then I caused this and-”
“What is it?”
“I agree. But Tony?”
Tony looked down at the cast on his arm. He had almost forgotten about it. “Oh, I fell.” He shrugged.
“About Steven Rogers.” She says, brushing some hair off of her shoulder. Tony stiffens.
Stephen gives a weak smile. “I think we scored.”
“It’s fine Stephen. I know I can be irritating at times, especially when I get going on one of my rants.”
“Hey. Can I join you?”
I felt bad for the sadness, so here's a feel good chapter
“Well Peter is a good kid too.”
“Steven.” She says sarcastically. “You aren't my boss. Tony is. You'll do Good to remember that as you are the reason we are here.”
“We won.” Stephen murmurs in Tony’s ear, making him jump. He turns his head to see Stephen smiling sheepishly. “Sorry. You looked out of it.: He explains.
“I’m sorry. This is all my fault. I didn’t mean to get you all worked up and-”
Stephen puts a hand on Tony’s shoulder and whispers. “It’s up to you.”
“That sounds great.”
Bucky lets out a soft growl and Steve just chuckle. “I love it when you do that.” He says, leaning forward to kiss him deeply. Bucky growls again and presses against him. Bucky tasted and felt so much different than Tony. Tony soft, timid, and careful and tasted like honey and cinnamon. Bucky was rough and calloused and tasted like cigars. Steve kisses the doctor hungrily and none too gently.
Stephen rolls his his eyes playfully. “Yes, very funny Peter.”
Bucky takes a step back, the adrenaline that he had starting to run out.
Tony holds up a finger. "Nat? I know its late but I need your help. I'm taking Steve to court. I want out."
“I think I’m better now. Thank you.”
“I wasn’t aware you were looking for me.”
“That’s a start. Where do you want to go from here?”
“Tony I’m not going to hurt you. I never would. Because I-” Stephen stops, the unspoken words hanging heavily in the air. Tony peeks up at him, his hands still on his ears. Instead of answering, Tony stands.
“I know just the one.” Steve smiles and tucks Peter into his chest.
“Because I don’t like you.” She says bluntly.
Tony looks at him. “I love you so damn much Steve.”
“I’m sorry Stephen. I just….I’m still married. And I can’t stoop to his level. I can’t...I have to be good. For Peter.”
“I love you too.”
“Been pretty busy but then again it is that time of year. I'm almost done here so you can get ready.”
“Stephen, Tony is an alcoholic. The only reason he is still in that damn house is he has a son that he cares for.” James squares his shoulders. “I can’t help it if you want to get into Tony’s pants or whatever, but nothing that comes out of that mouth is a lie.”
“Why should I believe you?”
A family portrait was in the middle, with Ana and Edwin's wedding photo to one side and Tony's graduation picture on the other side. There were two other pictures on either side of the cluster in the middle. On the far right side was a picture of Tony at four or five years old. He was dressed as Superman, with a wide grin. His fist was in the air as if he were flying. Steve smiles fondly.
“Aw Natasha. Why so harsh?”
“Let’s go then! I’m starved.”
“Tony-”
Just as Steve pushed in all the way, Bucky’s phone went off. Blue eyes meet blue for just a moment then Steve leans down and kisses him.
“I should get ready for work. I’m meeting Thor today at one.”
“I’m sorry. It slipped out.” Stephen looks over at the door before looking back. “No actually I’m not. Tony, I should have told you sooner. I know you aren’t ready and may not be for a long time. But I will wait, for as long as it takes. Because I do love you. I have for eight years.”
Tony follows Peter and Shuri into the hospital’s lobby, looking around. The room had been decorated with fairy lights and  and silver streamers. A snack table was nestled in the back corner. He himself had gone with an all black suit. It was slimming and Tony felt good in it. Peter had gone with a more traditional tux and Shuri wore a floor length strapless rose colored dress. He looks around, looking for Stephen. He didn’t see him and felt a bit out of place. There was a tap on his shoulder and Tony jerked and spun around.
Because if anyone can put Steve in his place, its Peggy
“She’s really not. Unless your name is Steve Rogers.”
“Hey guys! It was crazy hard to find you. The crowd is huge.”  Peter says, winded.
“Not god, no.” Steve retorts, pulling away, a string of drool connecting his lips and the head of the cock in front of him. “I’m not that good.”
Tony wraps his arms around Stephen's shoulders and pulled the taller man's head to his chest, cradling him just like Pepper did when Steve first lashed out.
“Peter, it’s homecoming. Biggest game of the year.” Shuri playfully bats the back of his head.
“Steve-that hurts. Let me go.”
“Do you need anything before I leave?”
Stephen snaps and reels back, punching James square in the face. James’ head snapped back. He retaliated with a growl. He balled his fists and aims for Stephen’s stomach. Stephen doubles over and stumbles back a little before standing straight.
Steve turns around and leans against the door with a smirk. “Is there a problem doc?”
“Crystal Storm.” Stephen whispers.
“What do you want use to be?”
“Hey…” Stephen whispers, propping up on one elbow.
“Thank you miss.”
“Okay okay.” Steve rolls his hips forward, slowly. The drag made Bucky groan again and even Steve couldn’t hold back a moan. He does it again, faster and longer, Bucky slapped his hands down on Steve’s ass and snakes his hands under the fabric of Steve’s pants, squeezing the soft flesh. Steve pushes his hips back into the hands on his back side groaning as deft and searching fingers spread his ass cheeks and run over his hole. Steve tenses and pulls up.
“Hey sexy. You busy?” He asked.
I'm not gonna lie to y'all. I mostly wrote this chapter an excuse to write Stucky porn
“Sorry. I guess I got lost in my head.”
“Okay Maximoff. Get Wong then page me. I will be right back.”
“I will see you Monday when we go to talk about this.”
Tony nods a little. Then he leaned close. “Can we talk about this later? Tonight?”
“Well I only have one thing to say. I’m not signing.”
“I have all i want. You. Money is just for fun.” Steve retorts before tossing Bucky’s pants aside and licks his lips.
Ana smiles and hugs Steve, but before he could say a word, Edwin says
Tony smiles back and takes Stephen’s hand, letting himself be led onto the dance floor. A soft song was playing and he caught a few words.
The last picture was Tony, two years old, sitting on a wide bed surrounded by pillows. His eyes shone brightly and his cheeks were red with laughter. Steve could almost hear it.
Stephen smiles once more before crossing the room and placing a gentle kiss to Tony’s hairline. “Help yourself to anything. Love you.” He smiles once more before leaving. He had made it to the front door before he realized what just happened. His face flamed and he leans his head against the door. He wonders if he should go back and work this out but he had rounds to get to. Hopefully it goes unmentioned.
