Steve shot up in the bed, calling for Bucky but Charlotte stopped him, pushing him to lay down again.
“Go away.”
When he’d first arrived, they had shaved his head and shoved him into a line of other prisoners for a shower. If you could call it that. The rain room had been large and bare. The cement cold under his feet.
*Warning: Bucky threatens to smack Peter, not in jest. We thought pretty hard about this and ultimately decided that corporal punishment being the norm in his own upbringing and opinions on it being more favorable in society as a whole, that this made sense for him as a form of discipline. No actual smacking occurs.
Tony shifted again, pins and needles shooting through his leg.
Which brought Tony’s thoughts to the matter of their sleeping situation. The first week the children had refused to sleep at all if Tony wasn’t a few feet away from them, but that had grown uncomfortable quickly. The single bed was not built for a family of eight and certainly no one enjoyed sleeping on the floor.
At that moment Artur looked up from where he and Maria sat in front of the fire place playing with her dolls.
Morning
Tony sighed with pleasure after the first sip, the aromatic smell of it thick in his nose even as the sweet nutty flavor flooded his tongue. He’d say one thing for the Rogers household, their kitchen stocked some of the best coffee he’d tasted in years. The coffee at the abbey was steps away from being declared an actual sin against God (Tony should know; he’d written the petition and sent it off to His Holiness himself).
"This next part's going to be a bit improvisational," Tony said, as he looked at the chains.
"You're a gorgeous mess, aren't you?" Tony breathed.
That meant Tony probably wasn't carrying it right now.
"For real," Steve said, feeling Tony relax against him.
Afterwards, Howard looks down at him, and even his sneer conveys disappointment. "Don't do anything else stupid, boy," he says. "You have your future to think of. You'll be running the company when I'm gone."
Tony took it, but his face fell. "I suppose that's fair," he said. "I mean, you know exactly where I've been. And I sure don't know where
Oh. He was
. He absolutely had to be bluffing.
Tony probably should have had more thoughts about that.
Tony lifted his head and looked at him, all along the length of his arm. His smile was glorious; his breath ghosted over Steve's skin. And then he bent his head again, kissing his way up Steve's arm, with every bit of focus in him turned to this task. Steve knew how heady it was being the recipient of Tony's full attention in any context; he never dreamed he'd be able to find out how it felt when Tony devoted his whole self to
"Hey, Cap."
"Point taken," Steve said, like he could just put all the fights they'd ever had behind him with two words, and for some reason he was still petting Tony's face. Tony wasn't about to tell him to stop. "I'm sorry, I just-- how the hell did you not see them coming?"
When Tony turned into the warehouse doorway he immediately regretted not offering to take
Tony was sober because Tiberius had stopped him from drinking. He was sober by Tiberius' mercy, which meant he was going to stay sober for as long as it pleased Tiberius to keep him sober. Steve didn't know how long that was going to last. But he didn't think Henry Hellrung was going to be able to help with this particular iteration of Tony's alcoholism. Not while Tiberius was there.
Steve had definitely missed something.
"Oh," Steve said, thinking it through. That... yeah, that could work.
And yet, here he is, six months later, with a whole new problem and only one question on his mind, consuming his thoughts every day, a question so private that he can only trust the anonymity of the internet to answer it for him. There will be an answer. The internet has answers to everything.
As Mr. Stark leans on the workbench for balance, he stumbles backwards and around the edge of the table, back to his stool, and he sits down hard. He leans to one side, and Steve hears a drawer rattle. A few seconds later, Mr. Stark is fumbling with a bottle of pills, his hands shaking.
He knew he should probably tell Tony to stop. He didn't.
Tony petted his hair. "Okay, honey, that's a no. So I'm thinking concussion. Hurts anywhere else?"
Through the cracked cockpit canopy of the wrecked Quinjet, Steve can see that the snow is coming down even harder. Wonderful.
And then Stephen is gone.
"You're welcome," Steve said, dryly.
"What?" Tony said. "I'm rich. I've played polo. Can't a guy own a riding crop these days?"
Yeah, that was the level of coherence that Tony was looking for. Tony expected Steve to be out of words by this point, but somehow Steve kept going.
Steve clears his throat. "Uh, no, sorry," he says. This is not an auspicious start. "It's Cap. Grabbed the wrong card. My mistake."
"Yeah," Tony said. "Yeah, Ty, it's me." He scowled. "Quick question: what the hell are you thinking, running a news story linking me to a goddamn
"We did," Tony acknowledged. At least they agreed that he wasn't dreaming. "But, you're just. You're so." He seemed to be at a loss for words. "Uh. May I?"
"I'm close," Tony breathed, still shaking. "I'm-- if you don't move, it'll all be on your face."
It was what he'd wanted. Tony had seen what he'd wanted, even though he hadn't really known how to say that. He didn't want to hide Tony from his friends, from his teammates. And now he wouldn't have to. That was the important part.
"Oh?"
"Actually, no," Steve says, pleasantly. He smiles a winning smile. "I didn't miss."
Steve licks his lips, nods. Takes a step of his own toward him, not quite coming all the way up to meet Tony, not yet.
Stricken, Iron Man's head snaps up. "Hey, hey, no!" he says, sharply, because apparently he'll stand up for Steve, but not himself. He breathes in and laughs a rattling laugh; he holds up his free hand and seems to regroup. "Why don't I try this again? I even made you popcorn."
"Sure," Tony said, confused but game. It was
Horror gnawed at Steve, nestled in his guts, clawed its way up to his heart.
"It gets worse when I come," Steve blurted out, and he immediately went redder.
"Do it," Tony repeats.
In the light, Tony looked even more exhausted than he had half an hour ago. He'd taken his shoes off, but he'd clearly been trying to sleep in the remains of the suit he'd been wearing. His shirt was rumpled, his pants creased, and he hadn't even taken his belt off.
Steve waited until Thor was out of sight to let go of Tony's waist, at which point he unslung his shield and balanced it on his arm. "You ready, Shellhead?"
Tony was clapping along with the rest of them, and when Steve turned, Tony looked oddly like he was about to cry. It seemed like a little much for a product that sounded like a fancier VCR. Not that it wasn't an impressive feat of modern technology, but Steve didn't understand being moved to tears by it.
"You can go hard," Steve said again.
. And that, that definitely shouldn't be possible. Steve's never laid eyes on any part of Iron Man that wasn't fully shrouded in either fabric or metal. There should be nothing for Steve to recognize. There can't be. But Steve can't shake the feeling that he
Something twisted and awful knots up under Steve's breastbone. The internet had said it was okay now, liking men. Mr. Stark had certainly not hesitated to ask him out, after all. And Iron Man, though he'd obviously been surprised that Steve had asked, hadn't been appalled or disgusted or anything like that. But what if that's not true for everyone? What if the rest of the team thinks there's something wrong with the two of them going steady?
Now the woman was climbing into the back seat of a red and white car. Maybe it was from the sixties or seventies? Steve wasn't that well-acquainted with all the eras of cars he'd missed. There were two men in the front. The driver reached up to place a flashing police light on top of the car as they sped away.
Well, Steve can't say he didn't suspect that. His heart aches for Tony. Sometimes he wonders who Tony would be if he'd learned he was allowed to feel whatever he wanted to feel. Happier, probably. But Steve's with him, no matter what.
But Iron Man? Iron Man's different. With him, it's easy. It's all easy. There's no drama. Heck, there aren't even any fights. And, sure, maybe some people would say it's not a good idea to date a coworker -- but they still get along incredibly well as Avengers. Maybe even better than they did before. They don't fight about command decisions. It's as if Iron Man always knows what the call will be before he makes it -- and likewise, he always knows just where Iron Man's going to be before he leaps off a building. Iron Man catches him. Always.
Damn. "No, I don't," Steve admitted.
Steve nodded. "I like hearing you talk, though. But I'd like to see what I can do about relaxing you a little more.?"
They hold hands the whole way.
It hadn't seemed like it had been that long at all. But, now that he looked around, he could see the room was emptier than it had been. The guests were starting to leave, trickling out in ones and twos. And Tony still hadn't come back. Steve didn't know where he was. He'd been gone quite a while, hadn't he?
His father tells him to keep it a secret.
Tony clicked his tongue. "What did I say about you calling me sir?"
He knocked on the door.
They're not getting that.
"You should do whatever you're most comfortable with," Steve tells him, because that's the truth. "If you don't want me to see -- if you don't ever want me to see -- you don't have to show me. You don't owe me anything."
hardly ever cry," Tony pointed out, mumbling against Steve's collarbone.
Steve nodded like this made sense to him, and then he stepped back, hit something on the back of his glove, and let the hard-light shield materialize into being. It was a well-choreographed move; he didn't wait for the shield to finish forming up before he was already bringing it down onto the bonds that were anchoring Tony to the table. A half-second later and it would have passed through them, but Steve's timing was perfect. Wrist, wrist, ankle, ankle, and then Tony was free.
And back to the elephant in the room.
Steve blinked. How could the worst woman Tony had ever dated have been someone he'd never, ever mentioned? She must have been someone Tony had been with before he'd known Tony. What could she have done to him?
It had to be one of the two of them: Dane or Monica. It couldn't be Steve.
. Tiberius Stone, who had known Steve for a grand total of fewer than five minutes, had somehow figured out exactly what Tony was to Steve. He knew what Steve felt for Tony. He knew, and Tony didn't. And he definitely wasn't going to tell Tony about it.
What the hell. Why not? It wasn't like Tony was going to be alive to use the armor for much longer. At least he was wearing clean underwear. At least he was only wearing underwear. He wouldn't have to ruin perfectly good clothing. And it was the nice underwear, too. He hadn't thought he'd die in sexy lingerie, but he supposed he should have anticipated it, given the general shape of his existence so far. Oh, well.
Somehow Steve went even paler; his eyes went hollow and dark. "Shellhead, no," he said, softly, and Tony's poor overtaxed heart skipped a beat before he figured out why Steve was saying no to him. "We're not doing this, okay? Not like this. You're going to be all right. You're going to make it. I promise."
Steve splayed one gloved hand on his chest, briefly covering the star. "Do you know what this uniform is made of?" he asked. "When I started, way back in 1940, it was leather with steel scale-mail. That's sure as heck not what it is now."
"Hey, there," Steve says, softly. "You doing okay?"
Tony nodded. "I-- I called him when I heard his parents had died. My parents had just died, so I knew what he was going through, right? I thought I knew, anyway. So I showed up at his place. I figured I could be there for him."
Steve's absolutely going to give him everything.
"I can do brunch tomorrow?" Tony offered. He smiled. God, he was so beautiful. "Look, I'll even let you make the reservations. How about that?" He smiled a little wider. "There you go. Don't pout, Winghead."
He doesn't know if Tony will like it, being a vampire. But he has to like it better than dying, surely.
He didn't want to, but Tony had asked, and it was damn near impossible for Steve to not do things Tony asked him to do. So he turned around.
He's always been kind. He doesn't remember anything. In the beginning, he was always kind. There's a lump in Tony's throat.
There was silence in the Quincarrier for a few long seconds, and Steve's voice, when it finally came, was subdued. "I know I don't do well with feelings," Steve said, quietly, anguished, staring off into the skies. "But I forgave you. I forgive you now. And I want-- I want-- you mean the world to me, Tony. Even if sometimes I do a piss-poor job of showing it."
taken hostage? Have you heard yourself?"
And he's still here, isn't he? Steve repeats this to himself. He's not abandoning Tony. He just needs a few seconds without the distraction, so he can listen as intently as possible. Then he'll switch it back on, after he takes Ghost down.
Right. Work. Tony offered Steve the probes with one hand. "Do you want to do the honors? You're a little less... conductive... than I am right now."
," Tony said, pained. "Here, here, I've got you. It's okay. It's great, actually." He crawled up the bed, pulled Steve into his arms, and stroked his hair, even though right now he was probably dying to come. "I just didn't expect it."
"I'll be so good," Steve promised, and, yeah, that answered the question of how Steve felt about D/s. "I'll be good for you. I'll get on my knees if you want." He paused, testing the word. "Sir?"
He liked it. That probably shouldn't have surprised him, but it did. He'd thought he was going to like it, but he'd thought he was going to like it more because of what it meant, because it would mean finally acting on a lifetime of desire, because it would mean pleasing Tony. He hadn't thought he'd like the act for its own sake, too.
"Oh?"
"We've got trouble," she said.
Steve frowned. "Yes, you did." It had sounded like absolute hell. He definitely wasn't going to forget Tony's description of it anytime soon.
, Steve." His thumb and finger wavered and wobbled, as if Tony were threatening to close the gap between them. "Do you get it now?" he snarled.
The silence is awkward and more than a little upsetting.
Tony stretches and smiles again, a wordless answer, and Steve obligingly works his fingers a little higher up Tony's calf, still holding his leg. This position isn't going to work for Steve to massage Tony's back, though; the bed is too low for Steve to reach him properly while standing up. He'll figure something out.
"God, yes," Steve rasped. He sounded-- well, he sounded like he'd been sucking Tony's cock. He was still trembling, his body tingling with pleasure. "I'd do this every day if you'd let me. Going to think about this all the time.  I'd do this any time you wanted, just get on my knees for you."
Steve was beginning to feel like a character in that sci-fi movie Tony had shown him once, the one where everyone was being replaced by pod people. He couldn't believe what he was hearing.
It was just him, lying in his bed, getting ready to sleep. Him and his aching hand. He didn't think his bed had ever felt this lonely before.
"Now what?"
"Hell, yes," Tony said. He was actually grinning now, his face bright with relief. A disproportionate amount of relief. "Please. If you want. If-- if that's okay with you."
The two of them have eighteen hours of leave remaining and Steve intends to make the absolute most of it.
me to?"
"Oh," Steve says, softly, amazed. He hadn't thought--
The armor system log still open on Steve's laptop displayed an error message:
"It's okay," Tony says, softly. "I don't think I'll be... up for much, though," he adds, delicately, and Steve's glad Tony can think straight enough again that he's not just going to say yes. Maybe he can't stand up, but he can still stand up to Steve. "But that doesn't mean you can't have a good time, in whatever form you'd like. I'd be happy to make sure you're... seen to. I, um. I really like knowing how much you want me," he says, his expression raw and open, unguarded in a way Steve knows he wouldn't let himself be in the light of day. "It does a lot for me. Even if I'm not getting off. It just feels good," he says, helplessly, like he has no words to describe the feeling. Steve knows what he means, though. "Good inside my head. Satisfying. I don't know. So, really, if you, uh,
But maybe it was different in Tony's world. Tiberius had said that when Steve had met him, hadn't he? He'd said Steve wasn't their sort of people. He'd said Steve wasn't like them.
Tony laughed; his eyes were bright. "Oh, you're a dangerous one. I'm going to have to hang onto you."
Tony shook his head in wonder. "Jesus," he murmured, awestruck. "You really
But Tony was still talking. "I guess he thought that was too simple. So then he tried telling me, uh." Tony's face was somehow even redder. "Nice things. Compliments. As you. Everything I could have wanted you to tell me. Kept it up for a while. Until I believed it was you. And then after he did that, he had you tell me everything was a lie, and that I was so stupid for believing any of it was real. Then he walked in as himself and told me I should have realized it was a dream because you'd never tell me you-- you'd never say anything like that." Tony halfheartedly wiped his face with the back of his hand and tried to smile. "That was-- that was pretty rough, actually."
It didn't matter whether Tony loved him back or not. That wasn't the point. He just wanted Tony to be okay. He just wanted Tony to be safe. He wanted whoever Tony was with to be someone who
Tony is a coward. Tony remembers Steve's body on the floor of the Necropolis. "Something like that. Worse than that."
"Feels so good," Steve told him, and Tony grinned at him and repeated the motion, balancing the head of Steve's cock on his tongue like he knew how much Steve wanted to see that -- which was a lot. Steve moaned, and Tony kept going.
The empty space between them diminishes to nothing. Steve is across the room in an instant, a blaze jumping a firebreak. And then Steve pulls him into his arms.
Oh. Right. Sometimes Steve forgot about things like that, even after a decade in the future. Sometimes he forgot everything that was possible. It was all so fantastic, really. He undid the relevant pouch -- not the one Jan had poked -- and pulled out his cell phone. The clock on the front said 11:23. Ouch. No wonder Jan and Hank wanted to go home.
Steve's actual knowledge in this area is more in the direction of therapeutic massage, because it tends to come up in his line of work. And if Tony were here for that, Steve would be going a lot harder on him. Deep tissue massage. Working on some of those adhesions. Tony's got a lot of scars in odd places. It's yet another hazard of the job. There aren't visible scars in the middle of his back, but just to the left of his spine, Steve can feel the toughness in the muscle under the surface, the scarring beneath it, the way it feels different, and he knows exactly what that one is. Kathy Dare shot Tony from the front, and the bullet lodged against Tony's spine. The surgeons took it out the same way it went in. No exit wound.
"I have absolutely no complaints about the size of your stick," Steve assured him, and Tony smiled and, presumably, went off to find a bigger stick.
Steve runs his fingers through Iron Man's hair and kisses him back; Iron Man makes a quiet little noise, a half-voiced moan of pure pleasure, and Steve can feel Iron Man shudder against him. He's nearly undone.
He wasn't supposed to be
And that... that was very, very bad.
Once, a few years ago, Tony had slipped off the mansion roof during repairs and taken a header into the flowerbeds, three stories down. He'd been armored up, so it could have been a whole lot worse than it had ended up being, but he hadn't reacted fast enough to brake completely. When Steve had ripped his helmet off, Tony had blinked up at him, startled, gaze not tracking, not sure for a few seconds where he was, reacting to Steve's frantic questions like he didn't quite remember human language, and clearly heading into a nasty concussion, one that had taken him a good few weeks to recover from.
Impressed, Steve grins back at him. "Well, congratulations, because you sure nailed it. This is wonderful. Not that I remember this place."
. But you don't get what you really want. And I aim to change that." His smile was even softer now, coaxing. "So I'd really like you to say it. What you want. I think life can be fairer."
Then Tiberius lifted his head again. "And, as I'm sure you know, Captain, I made a statement taking full responsibility for Mr. Stark's visit to Donahue Development. Mr. Stark was there on business, on my behalf." He looked at the camera, beseeching. "I don't know what else you want from me, Captain. I've already apologized."
about Tiberius. Not aloud. Tony hadn't either, and Steve hadn't been about to take the initiative. Steve had thought Tony didn't want to hear it, didn't want to apply it to any relationship he had ever been in, maybe didn't even think he could be a victim of abuse. But it looked like Tony had no problems using it to describe a
He might have been able to control his voice, but he can't control the rest of his reaction; heat starts to gather, low in his belly, and he knows he's at least half-hard from just this one touch. It was an understandable reaction when Iron Man kissed him -- and it was certainly understandable that Iron Man could politely ignore it -- but just
It's nice like this, all fucked out, just letting Steve use him. Tony's just a little too sensitive like this, and he loves that feeling too, Steve overwhelming him with his touch, with his body. Steve's gripping Tony's hips tight, rocking Tony with him as he fucks into him, harder and harder. He lifts Tony up a little more and then he's in
"It's all right," Steve says. "That doesn't matter." He holds out his hands. "Just be with me. That's all I want."
"Shh." Steve kissed him again. He put his arm over Tony's midsection, lower down, careful not to touch where the scars were. "It's okay. It's all okay. I love you. I'm right here."
Even Steve's superhuman endurance seems to have limits, and Tony's a little surprised when Steve sprawls forward, just barely catching himself with his hands so he doesn't crush Tony. He's lying atop Tony now, their bodies pressed together, chest to groin. The edges of the armoring of Steve's uniform dig into Tony's ribs, metal against sticky skin, but Tony wraps a lazy arm around him and pulls him closer anyway. He's definitely making a mess of Steve, but Steve burrows in close to him and doesn't seem to mind.
, Tony. He figured it out when I walked in on you. I imagine the look on my face had something to do with it."
his teeth are glinting white behind the mouth-slit. He looks like he's honestly happy. Thrilled, even.
"He doesn't have any involvement in programming--"
Stephen extends his shaking, gloved hands over Steve's head, palms held parallel to each other. As Tony watches, a mass of rainbow light gathers in the space between them.
Iron Man isn't there.
"There you go," Tony says, approvingly, as Steve slides off his underwear and kicks it away. "Feels better, huh? I feel better too."
Steve's stomach lurched. Someone else might have called it freefall, but Steve had jumped out of planes without a parachute. More than once. Freefall would have been easier. At least if he'd really been falling, he would have known how to land.
"You can come anywhere you want," Steve breathed, tilting his head back, an offering. "My thighs. My ass. You can come on my face and take a picture and jerk off to it every night you're away from me, because I'm yours, yeah, I know I'm yours."
Steve's never let his fantasies go this far before, and he thinks even if he had, there's no way he could have suspected that Iron Man would be this good. Iron Man is still holding him close with one arm; there's something bulky trapped between them, and he suspects Iron Man is also holding his helmet, but it doesn't seem to have put him at a disadvantage. Iron Man is kissing him hard and fierce, almost desperate, like no one's touched him in years and he has to make up for all the lost time right now. Maybe no one has.
, could be dead already, twenty feet away. He doesn't know. He hates not knowing.
Stone held out his hand. Steve shook it. Even with his gloves on, Steve could tell Stone's hands were soft. Smooth. He'd never done a day of hard work in his life.
But Iron Man, on the contrary, doesn't seem impatient with him at all; he laughs another quiet hissing-static laugh. Steve can see his eyes crinkle at the corners. Steve thinks Iron Man must be smiling.
Yeah. Yeah, he was.
Tony was already rummaging around, getting out the egg carton, the butter, the skillet. "You don't want to get raw egg on your splint," he said, adding butter to the pan, putting the heat on. "I've got this."
Geez. That's something Tony definitely doesn't need to hear.
Surely it had to stop sometime. But it didn't seem like it was going to be anytime soon.
The lens was curved over Tony's eye. It looked, actually, a whole lot like the HUD interfaces for some of his armors, but Steve couldn't tell what this one was displaying, if anything.
"Just look at you," Tony murmured. "I can hardly believe I'm here, finally here, and you're letting me touch you."
"Of course I didn't," Steve said, surprised. Why would Tony have assumed he'd do that? "Why, did you
gets out of here.
be sure."
Mr. Stark's throat works. A muscle in his jaw quivers. The look in his eyes is pure desolation. And then he speaks.
Steve glances over. Tony is shaking where he stands. The armor is trembling. Oh, no. Tony has to hold together. He has to be better than this. But right now, Steve's not sure he can be.
Steve feels like he wants to cry. He's not sure he actually can, yet. He feels his mouth wobble. "Yeah," Steve says. "I know."
His name's not going to be there.
Tony sighs happily. "Oh," he murmurs, in a tone of pleasant surprise. "You've been holding out on me this whole time. Good hands. Really, really good hands."
Tony's eyes were kind, and he ran his finger over Steve's lips. He wasn't angry, then. That was good. "It wasn't wrong," Tony said, quietly. "And it's very kind of you to think of my situation. I appreciate it."
And then he stopped dead.
There's a low hum, an almost-pleasant warmth spreading out from the back of his neck, and then Steve can move again. Thank God. He takes a deep breath, stretches a little, and shakes out his hands. All better.
"Jesus, what is
"It's good to be back." Tony closed the book and set it on Steve's nightstand. "And thank you so much for all of this. For being here. I know I'm-- a lot to handle at the best of times. And this is definitely not the best of times."
Jan squinted at him, because she knew this was unlike him. "Uh. Right. So, as I was saying, I don't quite want to get in the middle of whatever's going on with Wanda, Vision, Carol, and Simon."
"Oh, nothing," Mr. Stark says, quickly, with another flash of a smile, this one a little self-deprecating. "Workshop accident. That'll teach me not to wear proper safety gear. Had to patch up Iron Man's armor, you know."
But Tony said he was okay, so Steve nods and heads to the closet, where his uniform is hanging. Somewhere behind him, there's the heavy click of Tony's armor case unlatching. He grabs his uniform, then turns to the dresser to get himself some better socks, and while he's there he picks up some underwear for Tony, because Tony definitely doesn't want to go commando in solid metal.
Steve can't help but chuckle. "Yeah, so I've been told." Tony definitely knows this about him. "For my entire life."
Tony sighs, all the tension ebbing out of him. Steve slows down a little, a silent question in his eyes, and Tony flails out an uncoordinated hand, trying to encourage Steve.
"Okay," Steve says. "Then we're going in."
"Hey," Steve says, softly, and Tony doesn't even lift his head. Steve comes back around to the other side of the bed in the hope that it will get Tony to focus. "Hey, Tony, I'm going to need you to stand up so I can take the rest of the harness off. Do you think you can do that for me?"
, but he couldn't figure out how.
"So what do you think?" Tony asked. A curious smile edged the corners of his mouth. "Alive or not?" He paused and lifted his head, baring his throat. His smile was a little broader. "You need to try the carotid instead? I trust you not to be a vampire."
Steve knows that people usually think of Captain America as sexless, and he's fine with that. Captain America is a symbol. An ideal. Unsullied by messy human desire. Chaste. Pure. But, underneath the cowl, Steve Rogers is only a man, and he's far from innocent. He wants Iron Man. He
"No, no!" Tony says, hurriedly, stepping back, beckoning Steve forward. "Please do come in. I just need to get ready for the day."
The point is, it's not actually out of the ordinary if Steve wants to do all the talking.
"Oh, yeah," Tony murmured, his voice gone husky, his breathing ragged. "Oh, yeah, like that, just like that, oh, your
And now Tony was out of his life. Probably for good.
Eventually, Steve lifted his head. Steve was smiling now, and Tony, helpless, began to smile back. Steve wanted him. Maybe they could have this after all. This was really happening.
There were more tears welling up in Tony's eyes, coursing down his face. He couldn't see again. "I'm sorry," he rasped. "I'm so sorry. I was afraid. I was a coward. I waited too long. It shouldn't be like this. I should have-- I should have told you before--"
This wasn't fair. None of this was fair. He was supposed to be going on a date with Steve, not bleeding to death in the middle of Macy's on 34th Street because he'd been magically shanked by a sorcerer who didn't even have the decency to obey the goddamn laws of physics.
Steve recaptured his hand, and when Tony tugged his fingers out of Steve's grasp, he instantly regretted the flash of confusion and hurt in Steve's eyes. But he had to get to his faceplate. He didn't make it. His hand sagged away. He'd just have to try again.
, he didn't need to say. "The battle itself turned out to be pretty, uh, anticlimactic. Apparently Thor took Mordo out before he even knew Thor was there, and then Thor left Tigra to guard him while he ran down to help me with you. He, um. He knows who you are now. Sorry. Tigra probably does too."
. If you knew everything I know about him, you wouldn't want him anymore. You wouldn't love him anymore. I can promise you that. Believe me. There are good reasons not to marry him."
Privately, Steve thought he'd never met anyone more charismatic than Tony.
Nicknames. They were nicknames. That hadn't been
Tony finally raised his head. He looked like-- well, he looked like someone who'd been crying for an awful long time. His eyes were glassy, seemingly a paler blue, and bloodshot; his skin was blotchy; and his face was damp with tears and snot, dripping into his beard. His chin was tilted up, almost defiantly, as if he were bracing for Steve to tell him what a mess he was. Steve was going to do no such thing. This seemed like progress, though; Tony was looking at him. Tony was probably going to cry again. That would be okay. These things happened.
He reaches up. His fingers slide across his jawline, pressing into notches at the base of his helmet. Metal clicks and unlocks, and it's then that Steve realizes what's happening, as Iron Man lifts the helmet away.
Steve blocked, one two three, and then grunted as the fourth blow slammed into his chest, rattling his teeth. He couldn't keep this up for very long, but he was, he hoped, making a respectable showing of himself.
Oh. Tony's really not mad.
A groan escapes Steve's mouth. Tony's not wrong; Steve likes it a whole lot. Sometimes he feels a little guilty about just how much he likes Tony sucking him off, but mostly he likes it too much to care about anything else once Tony's on his knees. He spent the entirety of the dessert course tonight watching Tony lick creme brulée off a spoon, Tony silently teasing him from across the table. All he can think about now is coming in Tony's sweet, hot, pliant mouth.
He couldn't ever lie to Tony, could he? "Yeah," he said, on a sigh. "Yeah, I am, a little." Something flashed through Tony's eyes. It might have been fear. "But that's not on you. That's on me. You didn't do anything wrong. I know it's not that you didn't trust me. At least, not any less than anyone else. I know it's not personal. And I can only imagine how it feels to-- to have a part of yourself that you feel you have to hide, even from people who care about you."
Putting his cup down, Mr. Stark presses his palms together in supplication. "You don't have to go, W-- Captain. I don't bite."
"You didn't need to do that," Steve said.
On the plus side, it looks like
Halfway through Tony's speech, the multimeter began to display a set of symbols that Tony not only did not recognize but also would stake his right gauntlet repulsor assembly on the fact that a standard LCD could not physically display any symbol remotely close to that.
He put his palm flat on the star of Steve's uniform, then bunched his fingers together and drew his hand down, resting his fingertips on Steve's stomach. He glanced a little lower. It was rapidly becoming clear which way Steve dressed.
The car pulls away from the curb, and after a few seconds Iron Man settles back into his seat like he's been here before a thousand times. Steve admires his confidence.
"Excuse you," Tony said, mock-offended. "That is an entirely different musical. Sheesh."
The room suddenly seemed very quiet.
Steve turns and heads for the front entrance of Stark Tower as Tony's heavy footsteps echo behind him. He feels more than a little odd taking point on this operation when by all rights Tony should be leading the way.
Steve heard himself groan, impatient. He realized he was trembling, trying to keep himself from just pushing up against Tony's hand, so close to where he needed.
Whatever was going on, Tiberius clearly hadn't let Tony in on it.
Steve wasn't following him at all. "What?"
Instead, he just grinned back and tried not to think about how his own heart was just going to keep breaking and breaking. "I'd say less than fifty. I think the shield's worth at least a few percentage points by itself. Wouldn't you say?"
, Tony wanted to say. Steve hadn't been there when Tony was sobering up. Steve hadn't been the one who held him when he cried. And in the end Beth hadn't been able to handle being with him after all, had she? So what were the chances that Steve could?
Something hot and wet sluiced down Tony's torso, underneath the armor, slick against the metal of the chestplate, and, oh shit, that was blood, that was what that was, that was blood outside his body where blood didn't belong, that was
"I'm really sorry. I shouldn't have presumed--"
It's ridiculous, of course -- he hasn't asked Iron Man out yet. He doesn't even know what Iron Man would say. And none of this would oblige Steve to go steady with either of them. But somehow it feels disloyal. And unfair, to get Mr. Stark's hopes up when Steve's heart is elsewhere. Oh, Mr. Stark would be a great date -- the internet has also assured him of this,
Tony had wanted to hide it. All of it.
for horses.
? There was no way that was going to come out of his mouth.
He wanted to hold Tony, but Tony didn't seem inclined to move from where he was sprawled on Steve's bed, and right now Steve didn't trust himself enough to know why he wanted to hold Tony, and he couldn't figure out if holding Tony while they were both in his bed was something that he would have done before or something he absolutely wouldn't have. He was tired too. Not as tired as Tony, though.
"Nothing to apologize for," Tony said reflexively, because he was always glad to see Steve even when Steve was being
"Mr. Stark!" Steve says, and he nearly reaches out for him before he remembers that Mr. Stark doesn't like to be touched. "What's wrong?"
Tony's fingers skimmed the waistband of Steve's briefs, and Steve shuddered in anticipation, but he wasn't expecting Tony to instead put his lips to Steve's cock right then and there, mouthing the head of his cock through the fabric, dampening the cloth, molding it to Steve's body the way he molded armor. The heat of his breath, the pressure of his lips -- it was all exactly right, exactly what he needed. Except, of course, that now he wanted more.
Hank smiled and held up his hands; clearly he knew when he'd been bested. "Okay," he said, tilting his head toward the bar. "I'll just go get another drink."
"Hey," Steve murmurs, his voice pitched for Tony's ears only. "Nice slow breaths, okay?" He taps his own chest, two fingers against the star. "With me. In. Out. In. Out."
Tony's smile was more than a little misty; he looked like he might start crying again out of happiness. And then he wrapped himself around Steve and kissed him, kissed him again and again like he was just so grateful for all of this, for being here, for Steve. Steve understood the feeling.
"Yeah," Steve admitted. "I know."
He supposed he couldn't really ask for more names than that. Steve was desperately determined to be thorough.
Neither of those things are true.
Steve didn't think there was any way Tiberius could top that.
It should have been routine. It
"Don't stop," Iron Man says, instantly. There's something low and content in his voice, a note Steve has never heard before. "Please don't stop. You're amazing."
"You know what it reminded me of?" It's not really a question, the way Tony says it, and he hardly pauses for a response. "When I drank."
Tony tapped his chest again. "I was dying," he said, flatly. "In the middle of the fight, my heart gave out. Massive heart attack. I was dying. And that was when the armor changed its mind about killing me." He licked his lips. "I don't remember much of what happened very clearly. It's probably better that way." He stared off into the distance, past Steve's shoulder. "It had a working heart by then. It had... created one. A cybernetic heart. It was becoming more alive by the minute. It had a working heart, and I didn't, and it ripped its own heart out of its chest and plunged it into mine. That's the heart I've got now. No idea how I survived that, honestly. Thought I wasn't going to make it. But I did. I lived. The armor didn't. And that was how it ended. That's the real mission report."
Steve can feel his own face heat, and it takes conscious effort to prevent himself from stepping forward, fists clenched. He holds himself still. He'a never been a bully, and he's certainly not going to start now.
Well, that won't do.
Oh. Steve felt exactly the same. Steve was his. Steve had said so.
Tony's throat works. "Steve, I--"
Steve's not going to torture him. He presses Tony's trembling fingers to his cheek. "All you have to do is ask," he whispers. "You can have me. You can have anything you want from me. Everything you want."
, because that wasn't true. He wasn't the only one. It was just that Tony didn't know it. Yet. He was going to have to do something about that. But not right this second.
Well, it couldn't be worse than anything else so far, could it? "No, what?"
Tony gets his hands splayed out behind him on the table to try to balance himself as he tips backwards, because Steve is still pressed against him, bending forward with him, following him down, mouthing urgently at Tony's collarbone, kissing his way down Tony's chest. His mouth is hot and hungry, and he's working at the buckle on Tony's belt with one frantic hand, and that's good, that's great, he's moving right along--
It didn't matter, Steve told himself again. Tony would get the message when he got the message. There was no point worrying about it. And, at any rate, Tony had definitely promised him brunch tomorrow. And, with judicious use of Tony's name, Steve could probably still get them reservations even if he called the restaurant tomorrow morning.
, Christ -- Tony knew Steve well enough to suspect that Steve might want to be, now. That his opinion would change if he were with someone. That if there was anyone in the world worth being out for, to Steve, it would be Tony.
, he thought. It wasn't his best battle cry.
Another car honked in the background. "I'm pretty sure I've never told you this, but both of Ty's parents are also dead. They died a few months after my parents died." Grief thickened Tony's voice. "It was also a car accident, actually. Life's just full of coincidences, I suppose." His breath was shaky now. "I'd always thought it was an accident, just like my parents' accident. That was how the coroner ruled it. But Donahue-- he seemed pretty damn sure that it was a suicide. He told me that Ty's father had killed himself -- himself and his wife -- because my father had destroyed his business. But, y'know, when you flip your car over a guard rail and off a cliff at ninety miles an hour on a rainy night, who even knows, right? It could have been suicide. I know you never met my father, but trust me when I say that it's pretty believable that he could have driven someone to suicide." The words were bitter.
And out there, behind the cops, was one of SHIELD's flying cars. Steve didn't know whose side the cops were on, but he knew whose side SHIELD was on.
hurt Tony; the lightest of marks from the rope still remain from earlier this evening, just where his lower back curves and fills out, disappearing under the towel. It was intentional. Tony likes a few rough spots in interesting places, and Steve was very happy to do that for him. But now isn't the time.
"This is it," Tony informed the box. "This better be good."
"I'm fine," Steve says, quickly. He doesn't need Mr. Stark worrying about him, not when he likely has so many more important things to worry about. "Just surprised, I guess. I thought Iron Man would be here instead."
Tony could actually see the frisson of lust travel through Steve's body.
It wasn't a response Steve had been anticipating, but, well, they were superheroes. It happened.
"I know," Steve said, feeling his face heat up, "but-- but--"
Iron Man nods creakily. "Fine," he rasps. "Better than fine. I'm just-- I"m not used to--" He laughs. "Not every day someone offers you happiness, you know?"
At least for this one, Steve had actual evidence.
When was the last person Steve has slept with who'd made him laugh in bed? He couldn't remember. It might have been Bernie. That had been years ago. But Tony had always made him laugh. And then, just as now, he'd follow it up with declarations that just melted Steve's heart.
Iron Man nods. "I'm fine." He pauses. Steve can hear him inhale. "There is one thing I miss, though, and it's... touching people. It's selfish, I know. But I have to wear the chestplate, and if anyone knew, they'd-- they'd know I was Iron Man. And I can't take that risk."
"Please, yes, please, yours," Steve gasped, and then Steve's cock jerked in Tony's hand and he was coming, coming all over Tony's hand, Tony's cock, his own trembling stomach, and it was the hottest thing Tony had ever seen.
Tony's imagination had only extended as far as Steve seeing him, and no farther. He hadn't ever entertained the thought that Steve would be able to touch him. Or that Steve might
He dared to let his hand drift up Tony's spine, to the nape of his neck, the back of his skull -- and then Tony yelped, and Steve instantly let go.
In the photograph, Tiberius could walk again; Steve could tell this because he was being marched out the front door of ViaStone in the direction of a waiting police cruiser.
. I know I'm fortunate. I know I'm lucky. I know that through an accident of birth, I grew up never having to wonder where my next meal would come from or whether I'd have a roof over my head. I took all that for granted. And then I lost it all, and I didn't even have that. And I'm not taking it for granted again." And that, Steve knew, was what made the difference. Tony knew what it was like, after all. "I don't want anyone else to live like that. Anyone." He smiled a very small smile. "And especially not you. Because, God, Steve. It was always you. Always. I loved you first."
. Steve has a bit of a possessive streak. He mostly manages not to give voice to it, but Tony is an adept lover, and he coaxes words out of Steve he thought he'd never say, even in bed. And Tony likes it. So it's all good. It's not hurting anyone.
"Steve." Tony's voice was slow and shaky, breathy, his speech punctuated by gasps. "S'good. So good to me, sweetheart, oh--"
"No, I want to," Steve says. He's always thought Tony needs to hear it again, how much he loves him, how much he wants him, how much he wants to make him happy. If he says it often enough, maybe Tony will begin to believe him. "I just can't figure out the best angle."
Tony isn't dead. That's the good news.
ViaStone's headquarters loomed over him, dark steel and smooth glass in an even darker night -- and, damn, that was one of Tony's cars, a sporty roadster in a violent shade of purple that Clint probably would have adored, still parked outside. At least he was in the right place, he told himself, as he pulled into the empty place behind Tony's car. He took a few heavy breaths that echoed inside the helmet, then yanked the helmet off and reflexively reached back to check his shield. Still there. He patted the edge of it. He needed some reassurance right now.
Ha. As if he could move enough to do that.
And Steve didn't know how to tell him otherwise.
Tony took another sip of tea and then rubbed at his chest with his free hand, like he'd been doing all week. Steve hadn't known what Tony was doing before, but now that he knew about the metal port, he could tell that Tony was framing it with his thumb and index finger, pressing down with his palm where the scarring was the worst. Then Tony looked up and met Steve's gaze, and that was when Steve realized Tony had done that purposefully. To catch him looking. Steve's face was hot.
Oh, no, no, no. This won't work at all. Tony doesn't need to concern himself with Steve's welfare right now. Tony has more important problems. Steve's not the one who's still dropping. Is he? It's not
"Can you suit up by yourself," Steve asks, "or do you need me to help you?"
Tony inhaled hard. "Probably not," he admitted. "I'm sorry. But I do believe you now. This is... this is all too much to fake. I know it's real."
Tony chuckled, and he looked brighter than he had in an entire week, as the helmet settled into his hands. It was worth it, Steve told himself. Tony's happiness was worth anything. Everything. "You know," Tony mused, "if I tried to tell the world about Captain America's
It's easy now not to focus on anything, to let everything float away, tipped over the side into a fast-moving current. He doesn't need anything back.
Dumbfounded, Steve can't do anything but stare at him and state the obvious. "
He knows that's not the usual way most people would set up this scene, but in an hour or so Tony's going to be so far down he's not even going to be coordinated enough to stay on his hands and knees, and this way, Tony won't have to do any of the work. All he has to do is lie back and enjoy it. An anniversary present.
It'd just be nice if Tony would say it, is all.
Steve realized his mouth was hanging open. This was-- this was a lot to take in. Tony believed him. Okay, Tony actually believed Trevor Donahue, which didn't leave Steve feeling too great, but if it meant Tony was going to get away from Tiberius, he'd take it. Even if Tony didn't want anything to do with him after this. That didn't matter. Tony was going to be safe.
Tony's voice was quiet, but decisive. Determined. He wasn't afraid to cross Steve. He'd never been, and he still wasn't. Part of Steve was actually happy that Tony was willing to disagree with him, that Tony was still Tony, that Steve wasn't going to be able to push him under and expect him to give way because he loved him. He knew Tiberius had done that to Tony. God, he knew he used to try to do that to Sharon; not, he hoped, to the same extent, but he still remembered the times he'd tried to get her to quit SHIELD for him. So it was comforting, in a way, to know that this was going to be different from their past relationships. They were still going to be themselves. They were going to be the way they'd always been with each other. That was good.
he was a bastard, if that makes any sense." His breath rattled, a tiny little laugh. "Steve, you're-- you're the best man I've ever known. And the thing about you is that you believe the world of me. You'll back me. So I felt like I couldn't trust what you said because you were always going to believe that I was good, that what had happened hadn't been my fault. And because of that, I thought that if it really had been my fault, if I'd done something wrong, you wouldn't have told me so, because you wouldn't have believed it. You weren't... unbiased. But this guy had no reason to care about me. He had no reason to want anything good for me. He wasn't going to stand up for me. And he was saying the exact same things that you had said, about Ty." Tony blew out a breath. "And that was when I thought that there might be something to it. That it wasn't just you telling me I didn't deserve the news media raking me over the coals for every mistake I've ever made. That you hadn't constructed a convoluted explanation in your mind just to try to redeem me. That probably doesn't make sense, does it?"
Tony couldn't seem to figure out what he wanted to do with his hands; he was brimming with renewed energy, gesturing wildly. Steve could touch him now, he realized; surely now that was permitted. He took one of Tony's hands between both of his own, a gentle suggestion, and Tony's grin was full of delighted surprise, like he hadn't even known that was an option. Steve traced idle patterns over Tony's palm, over the inside of his wrist, and Tony shivered, sighing happily. It must have been a sensitive spot. Steve was looking forward to learning Tony's body in an entirely new way. He'd known Tony before. But everything was different now.
"I'm not," Steve said. "I don't put any stock in those. You know that. I meant our friends. You've slept with a few people we both know." Tony stared at him like that had never occurred to him. "And I know you don't like to go to the kind of team parties where the liquor's flowing freely, but I've been to some of them. And you should know that a whole lot of Avengers are happy to kiss and tell, when they're tipsy enough. Especially about you. And I'm sure Natasha and Jan thought I wasn't paying attention. But I was."
"Probably not," Steve agreed.
Steve shrugged. "No, I can't say as I am."
talking to Tiberius Stone. He was bending over a table; it looked like he was sketching something out on a paper napkin. A heavyset man who must have been one of Tiberius' bodyguards was conspicuously lingering, several feet away from them.
"I am sorry, you know."
He's not sure the rules really apply. He's not sure there are rules. He finds he likes that thought.
Mr. Stark holds up his left hand, with the back of his hand facing Steve. Several unpleasant-looking scars mar his skin; he looks like he once had a fight with a blowtorch and lost. Then he wiggles his bare ring finger, illustratively, and that's when Steve gets it.
The worst parts of Steve's job -- well, other than the supervillains, that was a given -- were the parts where he didn't get to be with Tony. Oh, Tony had a lot of responsibilities at Stark Solutions and Steve didn't begrudge him any of them; he knew what it was like to work two jobs, even if he'd never been a CEO. But somehow the worst parts, the very worst indignities, were when Steve had to see Tony and he didn't even get to get close to him.
"I'd like to come all over you," Steve blurted out, because apparently he was once again turned-on to the point where he was just going to say everything in his head. "I, um. Oh, God."
-- the only cover anywhere on the floor was back behind the escalators, and those weren't exactly close anymore.
, he knew Tony would do the math, and Tony would figure out when, and he couldn't risk Tony figuring out why. "I'll probably be all better in a few more days."
It was ironic, somehow, that Tony looked perfectly fine from the outside. He was just dying on the inside, was all. Story of his life.
That was when Tiberius strode out onto the set.
"You have a
"I'm just saying," Steve said. "There are probably a hell of a lot of people who could talk. I can name at least one of them. And you said Donahue knew where the bodies were buried. I'm guessing that's literal. He might not have known the truth about Tiberius' parents, but I'm betting he knows more than a few interesting facts."
Steve hasn't actually touched Tony's neck or shoulders. From the side, he doesn't have a great angle for it, and Tony's neck can't take as much as his back can, so he needs to be careful, and the far side of him will be hard to reach. Usually he's done people's neck and shoulders for them while they were sitting up, but Tony seems to have melted into the bed. Steve sure doesn't want to ask Tony to move right now.
Tony started to unwind the leads of the multimeter. "I actually keep this thing around for armor repairs in the field, if you were wondering," he added. "Never thought I'd get any kind of tactical use out of it. This is a first."
"Of course," Steve says, because what else is he going to do? No matter what happens, he's not going to leave Tony tied up.
He lands the Quinjet smoothly in the hangar, lowers the ramp, and unstraps Steve's unconscious body from the seat. He scoops Steve up with guilty, armored hands, and he carries him out and down a flight of stairs to the personnel quarters. There's no one to catch him. For all Tony's talk at Jan's party about needing to get bigger, the Avengers right now consist of him and Steve, the Tower's sole residents.
-- but when it came time to get the rest of Steve's uniform off, Steve had to wrench his boots off with both hands and then wriggle around Tony's bed, arching up to peel his pants all the way off. Tony would have paid good money just for that show alone.
A half-dozen different ideas ran through Steve's mind, all of them sizzling with possibility, and he smiled as he slid his hands down over Tony's ass, finally touching him the way he longed to, cupping that enticing muscular curve, holding him closer and closer still, moving with him as he flexed, as he thrust and surged desperately against Steve's body.
"You can," Steve said, softly. He offered Tony a smile. "Whatever you want, you can have it. I'm positive I'm going to enjoy it. You just have to tell me what you want."
Right. Captain America, definitely not a possibility.
Steve nodded, frantic. "Please. Tony,
Carol was still watching him, her face drawn and tight. She needed an answer. He couldn't give her the real one. It was still a secret. It was all a goddamn secret, because Tony was too ashamed to tell anyone he loved a man but not so ashamed that he wouldn't fuck him. Tony was going to let Tiberius take him to pieces, and he wasn't going to tell anyone why.
Tony's voice went low, his eyes gone dark. "Oh, I'll show you anything you want," he said, and he climbed into Steve's lap.
to the one he would have if Iron Man were a robot, is the thing. He can't exactly touch Iron Man, and Iron Man can't exactly do things like eat regular meals with other people around, as far as Steve can tell. So he can't very well invite Iron Man out to an evening of dinner and dancing, like he could if Iron Man were a regular man.
Tony's tongue was still cleaved to the roof of his mouth.
surprise," he added, more firmly. "Worst possible circumstances, though." His teeth worried at his lower lip. "Oh, God, Tony."
Tony pulls out one last memory, lets it play. The visual feed stutters. Blood is in his eyes.
"If you don't want this," Steve says, his voice rough, raspy, smoky from the flame burning inside his soul, "now would be a great time to leave the room."
true." Steve scuffed his toe on the floor, feeling a little embarrassed, himself; he hadn't meant to draw that much attention to the statement. "Doesn't seem to me like there's any particular trick to saying something that's true. You just say it."
Steve realizes he's smiling. "I'll have to pay extra attention to you to make up for having shorted you all these years, huh?"
But Tony wanted him...?
He thinks Iron Man might feel better if he did talk about it, but that's not Steve's decision to make. All Steve can do is work with what he has.
each other. "Yeah, Iron Man keeps me updated on you two. And you-- you have to know he can't be what you want. You're a smart man, Captain. You must know that."
The water turns off. Tony steps out of the shower, towels off, brushes his teeth, neatens up his beard -- everything he'd do if Steve weren't watching. He discards the towel from around his waist and wanders naked across the room to the walk-in closet, and Steve is hot all over. He knows Tony's not going to touch him. He knows he's not going to touch Tony. He knows he gets what Tony gives him, and no more. He doesn't get to decide. All he can do is watch.
Tony beamed. "Exactly! See, that makes sense, doesn't it?"
"You're certain he'll remember?" Tony asks.
owe you breakfast. Lunch. Whatever meal this is. Several meals. Dinner. Might even call them dates." Tony said this a little too casually as well. Neither of them had used words like that, last night. They hadn't really talked about their future together, even though it had been clear they'd both been planning one. Tony lay back down and nestled up against Steve once more. "Or we could stay in bed a little longer."
Wanda shook her head. "Not that I know of," she said. "And he hasn't asked for backup either, if that's what you're wondering."
"No one told me I shouldn't read their messages," Steve says, defensively. He still feels like an idiot. But it's better than Iron Man feeling miserable, so it's a fair trade.
Light was still flickering, reflecting off the ceiling in strange colors.
Tony grimaced. "I mean, yeah," he said, pained, "I'm not going to pretend that I have no idea why you'd worry about that, but he-- you-- you're nothing alike. Believe me."
Steve's dungeon fantasizing doesn't usually involve them being intimate with other people, though. Mostly these days he thinks about it as a way to show Tony off, filling some deep-rooted need in him. They'd all see that Tony's his sub, only his. They'd see how perfect he is -- because an awful lot of Steve's fantasies involve Tony being appreciated, whether or not it's him doing the appreciating -- and they'd see him like this, down in subspace, full of joy. Steve wants people to know how good Tony can be for him.
a digital multimeter in my pocket, but also I'm very happy to see you."
Ghost is distracted by this sudden change in his fortunes,, and Steve takes this opportunity to grab Ghost by the shoulders. Steve pulls himself up to sitting, back through the glass, so they're both all the way inside the building, again, and then he punches Ghost in the face. Hard.
Tony's voice is still breathy. "Yeah."
He must have asked Mr. Stark for permission. Given how Mr. Stark clearly feels about Iron Man, Steve can't imagine that that conversation went well, but he also knows it's not any of his business.
Tony lifted his head and smiled. He gave Steve's cock a friendly pat. "And you also weren't kidding about the blush, I see." He nodded, and Steve glanced down to see half his chest gone red, the way it often did. "But you, uh, didn't mention you were a talker, huh?"
nervous. Steve could save the whole damn world twice a week without so much as breaking a sweat. But here he was, refusing to meet Tony's eyes.
His laugh is a little mechanical beep, and he slaps his hands against his thighs. There's no metallic sound whatsoever. How much armor isn't he wearing?
"You have beautiful hands," Steve tells him.
He'd said it. God, he'd said it. He hoped this coming-out thing got easier. He felt like he was standing on a battlefield.
Time to go.
-- have feelings for Tony like Tony had for him. It had been years. Tony would have noticed.
"Yeah." Tony's voice was bland, his expression unreadable. "I got the idea when you tried to kill me."
What was Steve supposed to do? Tony was clearly having a great time. This was his old friend, whom he hadn't seen in years. Tony deserved to spend all the time he wanted with his friend. Steve couldn't just interrupt him because it was his bedtime and he needed to get going. But Tony was also his ride home.
Maybe someday, it would get easier.
Steve is almost always scrupulously gentle with preparation, both because, well, that's the kind of guy he is, and also because they both know that Steve is, ahem, generously-proportioned. But Tony's not in any mood to wait, and he knows Steve isn't either.
"It wasn't what I asked, though," Tony continued. "I asked you what you wanted. Not what you'd be willing to do for me. What you actually want. I want to know
Steve can't tell Mr. Stark he would have said yes to him if he'd never met Iron Man. That won't help anything.
It was an old, old reason. Steve knew Tony was right about that. He bit back the familiar flare of anger. This wasn't about him. This had never been about him, not really. This was about Tony's fear. After all this time, Steve couldn't quite believe that Tony would still think Steve's first impulse was to scratch him from the team. Why was Tony's deepest fear that Steve wouldn't want him around?
, made much less hypothetical.
," Steve choked out. He could hardly speak.
"You were too," Tony told him. He kissed Steve's neck, his chin, the corner of his mouth. He could feel Steve smile. He took a breath. "Maybe you want to do this again sometime?"
Steve gestured down at himself, at his uniform; there was a flicker of a smug smile on his face. "I think he sees me in leather a lot, actually."
Tony's laugh is mostly air. "You already knew that."
Getting to put the cuffs on Steve was, in and of itself, better than some actual sex that Tony had had. The leather was buttery-soft, and Steve sighed in pleasure as Tony slid straps through buckles and got the cuffs around Steve's wrists and then his ankles. Steve was still staring up at him, dreamy-eyed, letting Tony just manhandle him, and, oh, this was going to be good.
He was crying silently. Maybe he'd already been crying, with the helmet on. "I'm-- I'm sure," Tony said, quietly, hoarsely, and then in an even smaller voice, he added, "But if you're offering hugs, I'd really like another one of those hugs."
okay?"
Steve squeezed his hand. "It's going to be all right. I-- I asked about withdrawal. I asked Don, not any of the doctors here, just in case-- well. Just in case. And I got the impression that, if it ends up being a thing you have to deal with, it won't be the most fun you've ever had in your life, but, unlike alcohol withdrawal, opioid withdrawal can't actually kill you."
The sooner they got this over with, the sooner they could get back to... everything else.
Oh, yeah, Steve's a vampire now.
Tony smiled again. "You have. And if it helps to have... permission, everything you've ever thought about me is fine. More than fine. Whatever it is. Feel free to keep thinking about me." His hand on Steve's stomach slid downward, only a fraction of an inch, but there was definite intent behind it now.
That was a relief. But that didn't make any of this okay, either, just because it could have been worse.
And then Tony's gaze softened. "Hey, no," he murmured. "You're going to be good. And you can trust me on that."
He looked over and Tony was sitting up and gesturing wildly at him, between the two of them, his other hand held to the side of his face, finger and thumb extended in the universal gesture for
Tony put the morning's Daily Bugle on the table between them. The headline read CAPTAIN AMERICA... OR CAPTAIN CHEATER? and was accompanied by a very damning picture of last night's gala.
what an octothorp is?"
Tiberius, meanwhile, showed no sign of waking up. Thank goodness.
"That or the address," Steve agrees. His secret identity has been more of an open secret up until now, but this is all going to be a matter of public record, and there aren't all that many people who share an address with Tony Stark. "The world does know who your housemates are, you know."
"No!" Tony said, horrified. "God, no, you're nothing like-- how could you even think--"
Tony was grinning up at him along the length of his body. "Well, since you ask so nicely..."
Iron Man makes a louder staticky noise, maybe a cough. "Um," he says. "I have to confess that this one was a bit of a selfish pick. Also, you might have already seen it."
"You're not a gamekeeper, you know," Tony said, quietly.
Now that's even more surprising. Steve could tell Iron Man really liked kids in about thirty seconds flat. Maybe no one else he'd been with had seen him interact with them -- but still, it's a heck of an assumption for everyone to make about him.
"I know," Tony said, and he hoped he at least sounded encouraging. "But that's why we're here now. To figure out what we have left, and build something new out of it. Right?"
, Iron Man had confided, and no amount of money can fix that. Steve doesn't know what he can do about that except be here, and give Tony what he wants. And that's what he'll do.
His mic was still live. He couldn't answer Carol, not without broadcasting it to the whole world. Carol would tell him more, wouldn't she? He schooled his face into impassiveness. Whatever was happening, he'd be ready.
Not to mention the fact that the only man who knew the armor well enough to modify what it logged had been in the armor and very, very busy at the time.
Tony's head snapped back up. "What? Why?"
He'd managed to keep that fact hidden the whole time, as he and Thor had teleported Tony back to -- thankfully still nighttime -- New York, as they'd hustled him to the closest hospital. Steve can't quite shake the memory of holding Tony in his arms, the weight of him, even now that his arms are strapped down to the hospital bed. He carried him all the way here. Got him admitted.
He briefly regrets that he's the only one on the team who can't fly. Everyone else is in the air, nimbly avoiding the attacks of Baron Zemo and his new Masters of Evil -- who, so far, still seem to be just the Enchantress and the Executioner. They're Asgardians, Steve has gathered, but from the battle cries that Thor has been shouting, they're certainly no friends of his.
"No," Iron Man says, and that damned sadness is creeping back into his voice again. "You wouldn't. You're a good man."
Steve was beginning to see where Tony's story was going. He'd known Tony had been a fan, of course. But it seemed like he'd meant a lot more to Tony than he'd known.
Steve knew it was ridiculous, laughably pathetic, but that didn't stop him from thinking it. Of course it wasn't fair. The world wasn't fair. He didn't get everything he wanted just because he wanted it. He knew that. He wasn't entitled to Tony's affections. The world didn't owe him Tony Stark.
"Right," Tony said. "This is the part where you should put back in the box anything you don't want me using on you tonight. No judgment. I just want to know what I get to pick from." And then he had another thought. "Also a couple of activities are off the table for tonight, because I have neither lube nor condoms. Wasn't planning on bringing anyone home. Haven't, since before I stopped--" Before he stopped drinking. He laughed and felt the harshness of the sound bite into him. "Not what you'd expect from the famous playboy Tony Stark, right?"
He can't quite believe that Iron Man has really gone to all this effort just for
Steve reminded himself that he could touch Tony now. His touch was welcome. He didn't want to let go of Tony's hand, but with his free hand he reached up and brushed Tony's cheekbone, feeling the heat blossom in his skin.
Tony pressed his face against Steve's palm and kissed Steve's fingers before Steve's hand dropped away. Did Steve not really want--
His voice must be too sharp when he says it; he didn't mean to give himself away. But Tony knows he's up to something, even if he doesn't know what, because his gaze is suddenly shrewd.
But Tony stiffened. "Yeah, I know," he said, miserably. "Happens a lot, I'm sure."
Steve actually, literally, feels his heart skip a beat. And if his heart's beating already, that's... well, that's a big problem.
He has to know that Steve would like that. He's a genius. He's the smartest man Steve ever met. But he wants Steve to reassure him. He needs to know that he's safe. That this is okay.
"You remember that night when neither of us could sleep and you decided to tell me how to play Dungeons & Dragons?" Steve asked.
Unfazed, Stephen just stares at him. He's silent for a few moments, and when he speaks his voice is quieter. "I'll look into it--"
Carol got as far as the hallway, then turned around. "Cap?"
And Tony loves sucking cock, Steve knows, and when he's already down in subspace like this it brings him even further down, lets him lose himself in the rhythm. He's all feeling now, no thoughts -- that genius brain of his is going to stay quiet for the rest of the night. Steve likes it when Tony's like this, this side of him that he so rarely gets to see. No barriers. No masks. No shame. Nothing but happiness. He can give Tony that.
Wobbling, Tony takes a step backwards. It's exactly what he shouldn't have done. Now Ghost knows for certain that something's wrong with Tony. Not to mention that Tony said the armor kept him upright; if the armor is having to work this hard, Tony must be absolutely terrible underneath.
Tony has made a mistake.
Steve didn't know what was going on here, but he knew he didn't like it.
Slowly, slowly, Steve leaned in and kissed him.
Tony's taut, pinched expression, oddly, relaxes at Steve's complaint, as if he had been expecting something much worse, as if he wants to say
"Yep," Tony confirms. He's dabbing the washcloth lightly against the base of his throat. He looks significantly less terrible. He grins. "That's it. Congratulations, you've found the appropriate lube."
, Tony's heart says.
Because Steve knew a secret. He knew that Tony and Tiberius were lovers. And if he opened his mouth, he could ruin Tiberius' entire life. In an instant.
He hadn't had five separate major fallings-out with Sam, either, so maybe there was something to be said for that approach.
That, Steve had to acknowledge, was impressive.
"Oh," The sound was soft, almost surprised. "That's-- that's good to know. Thank you."
He tried to squeeze Steve's hand. He wasn't sure he made it. It wasn't as if he could feel him through the armor.
Somehow Tony's armor was still functional. Repulsor rays lashed out from both Tony's hands and hit Radioactive Man in the chest, a perfect center-of-mass shot. It only staggered him, but that was enough; he dropped Tiberius, who promptly ducked and ran.
"Your hands are so warm," Tony says, in wonder. "I mean, I knew you ran warm, but I didn't realize it would feel so much better than anyone else." He hums a note of contentment. "That's lovely."
"Here to examine me, doc?" he asks, cheerfully.
Ordinarily, Steve would probably pause at this point. He'd make sure Tony was absolutely fine. He'd start off slow. Gentle.
okay?"
be something." It was a joke, because of course Tony couldn't help with that. Steve just needed to heal up.
"What do you need me to do?"
"So, Occam's Razor, right?" Tony concluded. "The easiest explanation is that Ty was paying Radioactive Man to be his bodyguard, and that someone else offered Radioactive Man even more money to turn against him. Maybe Trevor Donahue. It's an old story. One of the oldest."
"And I'm sure you'll do a great job." Tony signs the bottom of the form with a flourish and then passes it over, along with the pen. "Your autograph, please."
. Then I reached out for you--"
Tony bites his lip. "But you don't even
Tony's mouth was now pulled to one side. "Way to bury the lede, Winghead," he muttered, and God, Tony hadn't called him that in days, had he? Tony looked down at himself, abashed, and back up. He glanced around the room. "You wouldn't happen to know where my clothes are, would you?"
"Tony?" he asks. "Are you all right? I can move--"
"No!" Steve says, hastily, because he'd never make fun of Iron Man, and he doesn't know why Iron Man thinks he ever would. "It's not stupid at all. I just-- I don't know what it is. Or why you're wearing it." Is this another one of those future things that everyone is supposed to know? He bites his lip. "So maybe I'm the stupid one."
"Yeah," Tony said, hoarsely. "Yeah, that's exactly what I'm saying." He coughed. "And, for the record, I do like men. And you. I like you a hell of a lot."
Steve kissed him again. "So," he murmured, "is there anything else you want to see?"
Steve's never asked Tony if he specifically made the release catches to fit Steve's hands. The first time Steve helped Tony out of his armor was a bare few days after Steve learned Iron Man's identity; Molecule Man had left Tony with a leisure suit in place of an armored suit, and Tony had hesitantly asked Steve if he wouldn't mind helping get him in and out of one of his older suits while he was upgrading it. Even then, the catches had fit Steve's fingers, just the same. And they've been the same ever since.
Pulling his cowl back up, Steve sighed. "I'm so sorry." He tugged his gloves out of his belt and started to put them on. "Can we, uh, pick this up later?"
Steve petted Tony's back again. "I know, I know. It's all right."
And then, on the other side of the room, Tony raises his head, as much as he can in his bonds. He coughs. His gaze is a little clearer; he must have figured out what's going on. "I'll take care of it, Wasp," Tony rasps, a little too throatily, and Steve sincerely hopes Jan will refrain from trying to guess why Tony's voice is so hoarse right now and-- wait.
Tony smiled up at him. "Sounds like someone needs to come over here and kiss me."
By the time Steve got back to the mansion, he knew he was far, far too twitchy with nerves to be able to do anything remotely productive. Working on team administration duties was right out. And, after last week, he knew that recreational sparring was definitely out. He didn't have the focus. But at least now he was aware of that.
"And I'd also like your blessing," Steve finally manages to say. He forces out a nervous smile. "I, uh. I kind of have the impression that Iron Man doesn't have much in the way of living relatives, or I'd have tried to ask them. And so I figured that, the way I see it, you're the next best thing to his kin. The two of you must be pretty close. It would-- it would really mean a lot to me, Mr. Stark."
The man didn't move.
"Please." Steve's voice was hoarse with desire, and then he reached out, not touching Tony, but instead pressing his wrists together as he stretched his arms out, ready for the cuffs, and Tony thought it was, definitely, the number one hottest thing he had seen in his life.
Tony tucks his head under Steve's chin. He's silent for long minutes. Steve can hear his heart beating. Tony's stopped shivering, he realizes. He's warmer. Good.
"Excellent!" Ghost nudges Steve's skull with the gun. "Let's get to it."
bad at flirting, am I?"
He tries to push himself back up, but Iron Man is still holding him, and it's not like Steve wants him to let go either, but it's not like Steve can stay.
"I know," Tony said. "Don't care. Kiss me anyway."
Tony heard himself laugh in the silence of the room as he came to a halt.
Steve reached for his laptop again, pulling up a connection to the Avengers system, even as he already knew what he was going to find. "Tony hasn't logged this as active yet, has he?" he asked. If Tony had, of course, the system would have notified him of a supervillain threat. He wouldn't have needed to learn about this from the local news.
Subspace is one of those things they don't usually get a chance to play with. With their lives the way they are, it's too risky to put Tony in an altered state of consciousness very often; the team could need him, armed and ready, at any minute. Steve's a little jealous of all those kinksters who can go to a dungeon and do this every Saturday night. Some part of him wishes that could be him. But he's only a little jealous. He loves Tony too much to actually be jealous. He doesn't want anyone else.
"Your opinion on my love life notwithstanding, you're still an Avenger." Tony bit his lip. His hand came up again to rub at that same spot on his chest. Steve wondered what was wrong. He supposed it wasn't his business. "This will always be your home. No matter what you think about Ty. And even if you weren't an Avenger, your friendship still-- it still means a lot to me. You're always welcome here."
Maybe it was silly to enjoy holding Tony's hand this much; it was a pleasure adults were supposed to outgrow. But Steve had never been one for letting the rest of the world tell him what to do, and at any rate it sounded like Tony had been deprived of a lot of the usual things that other people got to enjoy in relationships.
way, so he'd have ropes to struggle against a little -- and they never got a chance to get him all the way relaxed, did they? Steve's pretty damn sure that Tony's no longer in the mood. So that opportunity to loosen Tony up -- both in the physical and the mental sense -- is gone. And now Tony is even more tense from the fight. Sure, Tony didn't do any of the punching himself, but that doesn't mean he's not still keyed up from, essentially, defusing a hostage situation. With Steve as the hostage. Of course Tony's still a wreck. And just holding him clearly isn't going to do enough this time.
"I wish," Tony said, with a snort, "except I would then also be rather upset about my personal dimensions, in the euphemistic sense."
When Tony talked like that about him, it was hard not to be in love with him. But Steve knew he was really going to have to stop soon.
He reaches out, his fingers trembling, and he brushes the metal of Iron Man's gauntlet, his own gloved fingertips sliding along the grooved striations, red leather on red metal. He knows Iron Man can't feel it, but Iron Man is looking down at their joined hands, in awe. That's exactly how Steve feels about it.
With his free hand, he grabs for anything to slow him down, any kind of handhold, but his wildly flailing hand goes straight through the floor and then out the wall into the sky beyond.
If Steve said anything else after that, the deafening roar in Tony's ears drowned it out. He was struggling to breathe. Thank God his heart was fine right now, because a shock like that could really have-- God, had Steve really just-- he couldn't think-- he couldn't
"Great!" Steve yelled back, as the elevator dinged. He stepped inside. "Go right ahead! They can arrest your boss!"
"Here's the plan," Steve said. "Iron Man, you're with me; we'll confront Mordo directly on the eighth floor. Thor and Tigra, I want you two to split up and cover the likeliest exits, in case he tries to make a run for it. Tigra, seventh floor. Thor, ninth floor."
. Steve wishes he could see Tony just like this every day for the rest of his life.
He scratches lightly at Tony's scalp with his nails just to watch Tony shudder again. "You're doing so well," Steve tells him, and Tony, hungrily responsive to even the slightest bit of praise when he's like this, lights right up. Steve will never get tired of watching him smile. "It's supposed to feel good. Just like that. There you go."
"Nope," Steve says. "You're already the best man I know."
Iron Man laughs, a quiet sad little sound. There are still tears in his eyes. "In about ten seconds," Iron Man says, "you're going to see why that's entirely the wrong question."
"No," Tony said, firmly.
Steve still can't lift his head -- what the hell did Ghost hit him with? -- but he can see that Tony's still trembling. His hand is half-raised, and he'd have a clear shot at Ghost, but Steve knows there's no way in hell Tony can take it. Not like this.
"What?" Tony asked.
Oh. When Tony said he hadn't been with a lot of men, he'd meant
But Steve was unmoored. He was drifting, only aware of the pleasure, like light pouring through him. Tony's strokes over the shaft of his cock were more confident now, his thumb pressing lightly against the tip; it would have been too much against bare skin, but through the fabric it was exactly right, it was so good, and after a few more strokes Steve was aware that it was rapidly approaching
"What the hell?" Steve said.
And maybe this isn't the reaction Steve ought to have to that, but he's glad to hear it. Tony's right here. Steve's in Tony's bed, because Tony wants him there, and Tony kissed him, and Tony's happy to still be with him. Tony wants another year. Tony loves him. The raw, twisted, guilty wound within Steve starts to lessen. The burden weighing him down starts to lighten. Tony really doesn't blame him for everything that happened with Ghost. Tony's not at all upset with him for believing that Tony didn't have it together. Tony's forgiven him, and doesn't that mean he should forgive himself too?
," he read, and he pronounced the name wrong, which was a sign both that he was actually reading it and that he'd probably never heard of it. "E. M. Forster." He looked pensive. "Never heard of it. Heard of Forster, though. We had to read
There's a couch wedged into one of the corners, piled with dark red cushions. It looks like it's seen better days, which isn't the condition Steve would have expected from someone with Tony Stark's money to throw around. It has a few rips in the fabric, and there are some stains on the armrest that look like oil, and a few scorch marks, but when Steve settles in, he sinks into the cushions and discovers it's extremely soft.
we could have
Tony blew out a heavy breath and stared at him. Waiting, Steve supposed, for his judgment once again. Because after everything, after all this, he still thought Steve was going to judge him for leaving his new heart condition out of his report.
Well, Steve had asked for it. Tony could always put his clothes back on when it turned out that Steve really hated the sight of him. So he set the first flogger aside, unbuttoned his shirt with shaking hands, and let it fall. Steve regarded his skinny chest in silence, and Tony swallowed hard and undid his fly before he could second-guess himself, pushing off boxers and pants and socks in a tangled heap of clothing. With dread in his stomach, he glanced up.
Tony couldn't find a way to put any of his thoughts into words, so he shut his mouth and just hoped Steve would keep holding his hand.
, either. The noises Tony makes when he's having a good time, Steve supposes, are similar in every context. And it's really doing a lot for Steve, honestly. Steve's whole body practically hums back in response, like an echo, a matched frequency, warmth spreading through him.
When Tony passes him the packet, Steve blinks and stares at it like he doesn't quite know what to do with this mysterious thing, even though he was the one who asked for it. Steve's not really thinking straight. He's distracted. Tony doesn't blame him.
It takes a few minutes, but eventually the color starts to return to Mr. Stark's face. He's clearly feeling better, as he laughs ruefully and drops the aspirin bottle back in the drawer.
He's in the middle of taking care of the less-critical evidence, stripping the blood-covered pillowcases, when Ty comes back from lacrosse practice and unfortunately makes him go to the school nurse, who calls Howard, who takes him home and calls one of the family's private physicians, and Tony has the most mortifying conversation in the world with a seventy-year-old man who wants to talk to him about
Hence, he supposed, the jealousy.
And he couldn't have done any of it without Iron Man's help.
If Steve were a better man, he wouldn't want to know. He'd shut his eyes now.
"So good, Steve," Iron Man breathes, and even though Steve can't help but be flattered -- wow, he wasn't kidding about being starved for human contact. He leans a little closer on the couch, not quite close enough to press against him.
The realization hits Steve all at once: Iron Man
Steve really, really should have punched him.
him," Jan said, only a little impatiently. "Text him and tell him where you're going. He'll see it the next time he checks his phone."
It was rare to catch Tony off-guard with his own logic. Tony's mouth opened and shut. And then he smiled. "You-- you suspect that, huh?"
"Next, please."
He strips out of what's left of the suit he put on just a few hours ago, and he struggles into his uniform. Behind him is the scraping and heavy clunking of Tony suiting up; Steve's always thought it sounds like dropping dumbbells.
"Holy shit," Tony breathed, incredulous. He was shaking where he was pressed against Steve. "They got him. Oh, my God. They're going to get him. I think it's actually going to stick."
," Tony said, hoarsely, and his voice broke on the word, and he was a coward twice over, he was begging, he'd done nothing to merit this, but he could see the precise moment, the anguish reflected in Steve's eyes, when Steve finally gave in.
. His face was an ugly red, his brow furrowed, and he was trembling now in pure rage rather than feigned sorrow.
"I'm sorry," Tony said, between heaving sobs. "God, Steve, I'm so sorry."
Steve licks his lips. "Will you be here when I wake up?"
But it's okay. Everything's going to be okay now. Steve repeats this to himself.
"Steve, I--"
Ghost gives a sardonic little hmph. The gun digs into the back of Steve's head. "Oh, it'll be easy." Ghost's voice is smug. "You and I both know that Stark's got to have backups of that data somewhere." Steve supposes that means Ghost's destroyed the local copies already. "So I want you to give your boss a call. Explain the situation. Have him bring me the plans. All of them." He chuckles. "He's Captain America's boyfriend. He wants him dead even less than you do, I'm sure. Can you imagine his face?" Another laugh. "I can't wait to see that."
Nodding, Tony was even now wiping away tears. "This-- this is
"Ty knew me well enough that he could take me on a guided tour of my phobias," he said, his voice gone dull. "I suppose it was my fault for telling him I thought DreamVision had great applications for exposure therapy. This wasn't the therapeutic kind of exposure," he added. "Cockroaches, mostly."
"Shellhead?" Steve asked, his voice trembling. "Are you saying--"
Steve squinted at him, confused. "What?"
"How're you doing, Shellhead?"
, like a raincloud on the horizon. Maybe Iron Man just hasn't let him see this side of him before. "I'm staying. I mean that. Is there anything I can do?"
It wasn't
, oh God, oh God. What was Tony supposed to
Monica, though. Monica had some potential. Or at least, unlike the previous four people, she didn't have
"That was... all right, then?" Iron Man sounds uncertain. Like he's still not sure if it was okay.
cock, stretching him open, a perfect stretch just this side of too much, and how he can get more of that in him.
Tony swallowed hard. "Breathe for me," he said.
"Ah-ah!" Tony says, jerking his hand away, and Steve goes hot, shame and lust twined together. "That's not what I have for you. You know what I have for you."
"I wish I could have done something," he admitted. "Of course I wish I could have kept any of that from happening to you. But I don't think I could have been... what you needed. Practically speaking, I wasn't single. If you'd said something right then, I would have said no. But even if I'd been single, I-- I don't think I'd have been good enough for you."
"No, no," Tony said, his attention already on the book. "This part is fine."
Tony's eyes opened at that. He was still smiling, and it didn't seem like he could manage speech quite yet, but he met Steve's eyes and nodded, smiling even wider. That was a yes, then.
Stephen's eyes are shut, his hands still stretched over Steve's face, and other than the tiny tremble in his fingers he hasn't moved at all for the past ten minutes.
Tony pulled out a chair instead. Steve stared.
That was the mistake.
Tony's hand stilled, which was what Steve had asked for, but Steve hissed through his teeth anyway. He was tingling all over, limbs gone tight, body coiled in readiness for a release denied.
"Oh, don't do
He takes a slow, shaking breath. He counts to three. He exhales. He shouldn't be this nervous, should he? This isn't even the hard part.
"You did say you'd explain," Steve returns. "And it's pretty clear that this--" he gestures at the huge, open-concept floor that is the Avengers' common area, and then at the city beyond the windows-- "isn't the New York I remember." Steve's smile is almost rueful.
It's plain to see that Tony hasn't slept here in quite a few days. The linens have all been changed, and the bed is neatly made, professionally made, all tucked in. The sheets are an unstained white, expensive. Bland. None of Tony's usual detritus -- keys, phone, wallet, watch, crumpled receipts, spare change, scrawled notes and other people's business cards -- has accumulated on either of the nightstands. The lamps are dim, radiating soft light. It feels like an upscale hotel room. This isn't where Tony's soul is.
Steve grinned back. "Oh, I definitely want to help. How do you want me?"
Tony swallowed hard and glanced away. "Strictly speaking, no," he said, which did not fill Steve with confidence. "But even after the upload, something of Jocasta's core programming remained in the armor. The part of the programming that wanted her to bring Ultron to life. And then it got... glitchy." Tony's face flushed. "Would you believe it if I told you there was an unforeseen interaction with a Y2K bug I hadn't patched? There was. So the part that was specific to Ultron was gone, but there was still the... drive, I guess. The impulse. The desire to be alive. And then one night, maybe a month and a half ago, I was fighting Whiplash, and you know how he is. God,
"Mmm," Steve said, pushing up against Tony as Tony slid his fingers inside the cuffs to check the fit.
He'd wanted Tiberius to be good for Tony. He'd believed he was good for Tony. After all, Tiberius was making Tony so happy. And he was Tony's oldest friend, and Tony's taste in friends was impeccable. Tony wouldn't be friends with someone who would have done this to him. Tony wouldn't fall in love with someone who would have done this to him... would he?
There's another aching, terrible silence, and it's only when Tony opens his mouth, in the half-second before he speaks, his pained gaze turned on Steve, that Steve realizes, with a pang of shame, it's not himself Tony is worried about. Not anymore.
Precisely. Tony thought, but a groan from the inside the truck sent his heart racing again and he scrambled to hop out of the truck bed, calling Bucky's name.
. But he knew Tony’s games now, and he was in no mood to play them.
No one could be trusted. No one was to really know how organized or how wide spread the resistance was. No one but Niklas himself, Tony didn’t doubt.
Stefen made to jerk away, but it seemed to be part of some ingrained instinct that mattered little because a moment later his hand thudded against the door for balance and with a deep groan he was pushing up into Tony, his mouth opening under the assault as if he was trying to steal his next breath straight from Tony's lungs.
In any case, Steve had ended up agreeing to take a look at something he and Harold had been working on in the garage after supper.
“Ah, the kiss of distraction map.” Tony mused; the glint Steve found in his eye one of humor when his gaze snapped back to him. Steve’s skin itched with discomfort. When Tony looked at him like a lover would, it only served to remind him of everything they had lost. How could Steve bear to meet the expectations of such a gaze, and how could he dare to not at the same time? Tony deserved a lover. It was not Tony’s fault that Steve was broken and wanting in all the ways that mattered.
Sorry this took so long! I got promoted at work, moved apartments, lost my computer, replaced it and in other words life happened. This chapter is entirely in Tony's point of view and covers the month that Steve is gone and the next one (which is almost finished) will be in Steve's. Bonus we finally get to meet Bucky! That should be coming your way within the next week. In the meanwhile enjoy Tony's dive into
“I must take it for myself. But the trouble is fear. I’m afraid to go and afraid to stay and afraid either way that I’m too addled to know which way is up. I don’t know whether I want a quiet life with a family I’m proud to call mine, or if I want simply to be left alone to create something that will stop an army. Something that would make even ‘His Excellency’ tremble at the idea of considering any alternative but peace, or risk the war that ends all wars. Sometimes I even think I could really do it, if given half an opportunity. It’s a hunger inside of me I can’t stifle and I can’t sleep for the fear that eats at me, telling me to get up and do something for all our sakes.”
Tony swallowed and mustered a cheerful grin.
"Oh my," she finally said, taking a shaky breath. "And what do you plan to do with it?"
“How do you know?”
"And here she is! I was wondering when we’d see you. But you need a partner don’t you?" Joshua asked. Natacha looked back at the circle of girls she'd left, all of whom looked appalled at the idea of stepping forward now that everybody was watching their little drama unfold so avidly.
A new scar forming over his freshly shaven jaw.. A permanent mark. If he’d had the strength, Steve would have frowned. He’d liked Tony's face the way it had been… but then Tony smiled and Steve supposed he liked his face this way too.
As Tony drew closer he recognized Harry Osborne and the Drake brothers. He wondered if Harry’s mother helped him wash the blood out of his uniform after that night or if he’d done it himself.
Ned smiled widely at him and Péter smiled back reaching for the other boy’s hand to shake firmly.
“I don’t think I’ve ever seen such a look of nostalgia on you Cap.” Tony’s breath was warm tickling Stefen’s ear and his lips twisted into self-depreciating half smile.
"My father is the reason people believe what the Führer says is true about the might of the aryan. I don't mean any offense to your father of course, Frauline Göring. There is an advantage to air warfare that he can’t be blamed for. Perhaps if he'd been on the ground facing such impossible odds, your father would also have saved two companies of men, or even three."
It hammered as they walked through the station and out to the car that waited for them on the corner, and it seemed overly loud within the confines of the quiet car as they rolled through the paved streets and Berlin unfurled around them. Tony barely noticed anything of their surroundings, too preoccupied with the burning heat at his shoulder every time Stefen brushed against him and trying not to sound like a babbling idiot answering the drivers occasional polite question.
"Yes." Tony answered low and quick. Maria's eyes filled with tears but Tony was already shaking his head, brushing them away with his thumbs almost before they'd even finished welling. He leaned forward and kissed her forehead, then Artur's, stroking her brother’s cheek as he murmured in low rapid-fire Italian, "Just for a little while. I can't explain. I wish I could. But I promise it won't be forever. I'm going to come get you. But you can't say anything about it. You understand?  You just have to trust me."
Steve believed him. He knew that neither of them would willingly do anything to hurt the family but they were still just children. They could not be responsible for knowing what may or may not be dangerous to say, not completely.
“You ask a great deal more than that of me,
Tony felt his mouth tugging into a smile despite the uncomfortable mix of shock and anxiety still coursing through his veins.
“It wasn’t I who was appointed Chief Researcher of German Ancestry.” Tony had answered, making it clear just how little he thought of that appointment. “I’m not the expert you are Vonkov. Perhaps that’s why I’m confused.”
Bucky’s lungs were burning but he pushed himself harder, following the deep tracks left by the truck that carried Steve. The military vehicle was designed to travel on difficult terrain, but the woods were compact and made their progress slow. He didn’t know what he planned to do once they managed to find the road again. He grit his teeth and pushed himself harder.
But if Bucky knew anything it was that music was a hard thing to get rid of. It was too much a part of people. Even the dourest of Nazi supporters had a tune or a chant that brought sweet memories, and privately Bucky thought that as long as that was so maybe there was still hope for this world yet.
“We’ll be fine.” Steve reassured him in what he hoped was a soft tone. It must have been close because Tony didn’t bristle or try to argue with him for once.
“Don’t be silly,” Magda shot back, for lack of anything better to say. In truth it wasn't a silly question at all. The man certainly looked dead but no, there, he was breathing. His grimy chest rose and fell in shallow heaves, a thin wet wheezing sound accompanying each breath.
Glancing at Charlotte, Steve’s expression softened. Selfish as it was to tie her to his family when he couldn’t promise her the love she deserved, it was good that Natacha would have someone now.
“You did?” Stefen asked slowly, face deceptively blank. Tony could read the mounting anger in every stiff line of his body.
Bakhuizen snorted as if he found something funny about that. Tony watched the captain, both of them aware of the sharp inhale of breath coming from James, as if he’d forgotten how to breathe.
“My family, I won’t leave without them.”
"Oh, you are a hard man to figure out, Stefen." She murmured finally as she crossed to the little couch Steve was stood in front of and sat, the cushions sinking under her weight. She folded one leg over the other and regarded him silently, waiting.
And damn, there Steve went with that tilt to his head. The slight one that meant he was already half way to not listening and plowing on with his own plans. Stubborn bastard.
Steve strained, trying to lift himself up but his chest bloomed with agony so bright it was like a firework, even with the numbing cold. He slid into darkness not a second later.
“It will.” Tony promised, swallowing past the lump rising in his throat. “One day we’ll build it.”
Tony didn’t know what he found more alarming at first, the rapid succession in which the late Mrs. Rogers appeared to have bred them all (god rest her poor saintly soul) or the completely assured and serious manner in which Ian had just announced he was due a grim fate (as if nothing had ever been more certain). Tony decided on the latter.
“They’re harmless.” Tony wondered how Bakhuizen was so certain of this but kept that thought to himself.
The barn door opened letting in a sliver of wintery light before the woman slipped in. Releasing his breath slowly in relief, Steve sat up, his protesting the change in position. Patroche wiggled out from under his arm and went to go greet his master. The loss of the little animal’s warmth ached, and Steve let his fingers trail along the springy hair on Patroche’s back until the last possible moment.
“Sara, bambina, this would be easier if you would just let me carry-”
“I don’t know Ian, you know that.”
“What?” Steve rasped through a sleep roughened throat.
“What’s wrong with him?!” the boy demanded even though he went slack in Bucky’s grip.
Steve’s heart sank at the news, wondering if Luca and the rest had made it to Italy, only to discover that it wasn’t the sanctuary they had thought it would be. If this had been happening on the mainland for months, there was a good chance they had been rounded up and moved to an internment camp.
The monk took a sip of his soup in a strangely dainty manner for someone of his energy and answered, “Oh, no Captain, it’s meant to be a secret between the children and I.”
It was cold comfort. Though the chill inside may have had more to do with bumping along in the back of an open truck in the dead of winter than anything else.  Being a hero certainly wasn't glamorous, he thought to himself as he curled up closer to his knees.  The truck couldn't move all that fast on the snow-covered roads, but the wind still managed to slice through his coat and he was half convinced that his cheeks were about to fall off his face in frozen lumps any moment now. It was a few hours between the abbey and the train station where he and Bruce would part ways. There was less to worry about on the back roads, winding through forest and farm, but there was sure to be security at the station, so it was better all-around to deal with a numb face.
The worry that Catalina was right sat on his chest like a rock, squeezing out the breath in his chest and he grit his teeth and snarled away the threat of tears. He was overwhelmed by the sweltering heat in the tent as he struggled to take a full breath. He couldn’t help the small sob of relief as cool hands touched his brow but he did his best to choke it down anyway.
When the children had begged Stark to allow them to show their father the puppets they’d been making for some party they were going to throw when Sam came back Bucky had been irritated – because Weiss was gone and there wasn’t going to be any damn party – but then Charlotte had backed up the idea, claiming a puppet show was her ideal way to spend the afternoon, and Stark had given Steve this look. Bucky would like to think it was Charlotte’s polite enthusiasm for the idea that swayed him, but he wasn’t one to indulge in fantasy if he could help it. It was Stark and those eyes of his that were pulling Stefen’s strings these days.
Rita's mouth fell open unattractively and two of the other boys didn't even bother to hide their sniggers. Elizabeth looked torn for a second before her mouth tilted in a smile.
“A shame then, to spend it on the road.” Tony mused and Rogers paused to pin him with a smile so banal it was pointed.
-Dachau-
“All of them?” Tony gapped at Holmes in horror, his heart sinking into his stomach. Thousands of people,
“Then we have to get them out before then.” Stefen responded in a grave tone.
He was a Jew, and one day he was going to get caught. When he did he’d take her family down with him.
“What’s going on?” Dvorak snapped, and both the woman and the doctor jumped, startled, but then Fischer realized who it was and looked relieved to see him.
“Péter is too old to ground, and to properly ground the rest of us you’d have to be here.”
When he sensed that Ian was tired, he looked back, noting the way the boy dragged and weaved slightly with every step and called for a halt. He put him on the sled under a blanket and made him drink down a ladle of hot soup.
"You look dead on your feet." Bakhuizen commented, brown eyes appraising Tony as closely as Tony was appraising him. Tony arched a wry eyebrow and snorted softly in reply.
Péter was already prying open the top of the barrel that contained his younger brother by the time that Tony reached him. James clutched at Péter as the older boy dragged him out, lifting until James cleared the rim and Péter could set him down on shaking legs.  The boy looked pale, and his lips looked darker than Tony would like, but there was no way of judging what stay he was in until they could get inside and light a few lamps.
Dvorak finished his breakfast slowly, ignoring the ire of his comrades savoring the hearty meal. The innkeeper’s wife was a good cook, but nothing compared to the fine meals his home chef used to dream up. The French chef Helene had insisted on would have turned his nose up at the local fare, but as Dvorak chewed and swallowed the last of his sausage and washed it down with another swallow of ale, he found it deeply satisfying.
Steve surged through the doors and into the parlor, nearly knocking over a footman in his progress.  The man managed to jump out of the way without upsetting the tray in his hands but his face was slack with shock as Steve swept by. He had to find a place, anyplace, for a moment alone, had to get
“It's all right, sir. Captain Rogers.”
Right. Brunch with the baroness. The woman Stefen had an
Steve focused his breathing. Why was it so hard to breathe out here? It was like being a boy again, wheezing for every breath, only Bucky couldn’t lay with him and rub his back this time.
"I need him." Tony immediately snapped. It wasn't even a complete lie. There had been two pairs of hands involved when Tony assisted Bruce with the initial experiment, and there was no telling what surprises lay in wait. It was better to replicate the experiment as exactly as he could and he trusted the steadfast chauffer with a lot, but he trusted Péter more with knowing how to handle chemical agents.
“What are you doing?” Tony was surprised to hear him ask after a long moment. Good, he was back with them again. Tony swung the rifle around and looked down the spine. The sleek dark wood gleamed in the sunlight as he sighted a faraway stump and answered.
“It’s alight.” Tony announced, not just for his sake but for Hortense and Willamina as well, who were both pale and shaken. “It’s going to be alright.”
Steve had just returned from Berlin, tired, wet, with a sore throat and ready to eat a meal for an army. He'd shucked his coat and stood watching her from the doorway. All of the tension that he’d carried with him from the road had melted away. He could have watched her for hours.
“Christ, you pack a wallop,” he grunted lowly, catching her by the wrist, even as the rest of him curled inward to avoid the next blow. He was quick to catch her other wrist and hold it tight. Far too tightly to get away. Natacha kicked at him and screeched.
He knew he was asking for a smack in the teeth so he ducked, but he wasn't quite fast enough to escape the cuff to the back of his head. Cursing under his breath Bucky stumbled and blinked the stars from his eyes. Shit, alright maybe it was time for a new tactic. He didn’t care so much about the fighting (boys in the familia learned young you had to fight for just about everything and if you couldn’t fight with your brother who could you fight with) but alley or not, blowing their tops and brawling in the street was going to attract the wrong kind of attention.
They all worked side by side, prisoner and freemen alike, temporarily bound together by the same miserable work, the Gestapo urging them along and dissuading any of the prisoners from considering escape. Their presence made Tony anxious, and as the hour clicked closer and closer to the arrival of the afternoon train, the feeling of disquiet in Tony grew and grew, until he was fairly jumping at every shout and every clang of a pickaxe.
When had he said that? Well, naturally most of them would be relieved. The Hogans would most likely make their way back to England to be with Virginia’s family. Hammer and the other servants had families and lives of their own in Austria, but he’d never said anything any which way about where the staff would go.
Bad was an understatement. Stefen looked as if he were dying, and the fact that nobody in the room was brave enough to say it only underscored the fact.
Everything would be fine. Today would be a day full of great memories. Tony would make sure of it.
“I do.” He admitted even softer. “But maybe I
“Follow the curriculum I gave you and you shall have no problems. Do not, and I shall inform the captain. Is that understood?”
sister,” Steve tried to make light, tried to banish that terrible look off of Bucky’s face but when his prala laughed the sound was almost as bitter as his expression.
Peppers hands flew to her mouth in shock and Harold wrapped a consoling arm around her, face gone a bit pale. Next to Tony Willamina took a sharp breath.
But Stefen’s expression wasn’t darkening with disgust or clouding with confusion, or anything else that might have made sense, he was just staring at Tony with that infuriating smirk on his face looking too gorgeous for words.
Tony turned to look at him, considering him quietly as they stood nearly shoulder to shoulder, neither of them speaking.
“I've been away, caring for my children. Colonel Phillips has been so kind as to give me leave to look after them.” Steve corrected, shortly.
“I’d heard that Hughard had a family. You have his look.”
“It’s rather stupid to blame children for not understanding what they haven’t been given an opportunity to understand. You know how I hate stupidity… but I find myself in the rare position of having to apologize for it. So enjoy this while it lasts. I suppose this means I have to reevaluate my level of intelligence as it may have dropped by a small percentage. That still leaves me miles ahead of everyone else but I hate miscalculations.”
“He’ll come back,” Natacha insisted, her eyes going flinty. When Ian opened his mouth she gave him such a look that he slowly closed it again.
That was why she’d acted so strange. She was embarrassed. The ball of tightness in Steve’s chest began to ease and he turned his eyes away, giving the woman her privacy.
Ian in contrast, seemed to have found his third arm. Unlike Péter and James he’d inherited his father's fabled ability with a rifle.
>>-----0-----<<
A rabid dog must be put down, but its service should not be forgotten. He was unsure whether the General felt the same, but he would do what he could.
"Something tells me you take everything seriously." She heard Tony say, pausing outside the door. Beside her she heard Artur suck in a noisy breath, holding it as the handle on the door turned and light flooded the little room, washing over their faces.
“The start of term. If you like,“ Steve added, though he knew it wasn't necessary. A barely suppressed grin was already spreading over Péter’s face.
"Ah Stefen. I was just about to explain to Herr Stark how it is expected in every German household to…”
In the corner of his field of vision Pepper was shuddering.
Stefen often described being in the army as a lot of ‘hurry up and wait’. Being a refugee, as it turned out, was the same. The trick, Tony thought, was finding ways to distract the mind. It was frighteningly easy to lose one’s mind, slogging in circles through the thick mud of bureaucracy, ever aware of life slipping through their fingers. Working with the DELASEM was as much practical as it was necessary.
Stefen was becoming predictable in his choice of intimate friendships. It was hard not to feel like the odd man out.
Bucky inhaled sharply, snatching the message out of Stefen's hands to read it for himself.
~*~*~~*~*~
“In the front hall. The Captain is trying to hold them off but they’re determined. The twins are in the music room with the girls. We must get them out.”
Tony had the sudden urge to grab the thing and throw it into the fire. He didn’t want that thing here. That evil thing, that dangerous thing, it never should have been brought here. God did Coulson have any idea what kind of danger he’d brought into the house. To the children!
“Ciao?” she called into the silence when Tony still had not found the power of speech and he jumped like an engine kicking into life.
“Perhaps never having had a schoolmaster employed in her own home, the baroness is confused between a textbook and a dishcloth.” Tony sneered in reply and Stefen gritted his teeth, jaw working mutinously as he closed the distance between them.
“Excuse me?” he managed to sound more stilted than shocked. “What do you mean?”
Slowly Péter nodded his agreement and the two stared silently at one another other – Péter looking like he wanted to say something more and Tony not knowing what to say next – until Tony decided he’d had enough of
The man in the suit didn’t move, just kept looking at him like James had seen cats watching pigeons in the town square. His palms began to sweat.
As if he had heard Steve’s thoughts, Tony sighed, lowering the crust of bread he had barely taken more than a bite from and pinned Steve with a familiar look of exasperation.
Tony made a grab for the closing door, forcing it, to the dismay of the butler, back open.
Becker barked out a laugh and quickly tried to stifle it. Seeing him all polished up on the television, he’d almost forgotten how crass Rogers could be. When you actually met the man it was painfully clear he’d come from non-commissioned ranks.
Frau Hogan bared her teeth at her. It was the only word for it, because that expression on her face was too savage to be a smile.
“Please, Péter. Won’t you ask him?” Artur begged prettily, tugging on Péter’s shirt sleeve. He didn’t seem to have any trouble begging Péter to stop being so stubborn where his father was concerned, Tony thought with fond amusement. “I want to hear Vati play the mandolin! It’s not fair everybody has heard it but me.”
Tony barked a laugh, enjoying the quiet accompaniment of Stefen’s chuckles. Tipping his head up toward the sky he breathed in deeply, taking in a lungful of sweet air as he sorted through the strong and sudden urges he felt.
“Your underclothes, Artur.” Steve corrected, helping pull Artur’s shirt up over his head after a moment of watching him struggle. He discarded it in the growing pile with the rest of the children's clothes.
"No, no, no!" Steve said, hastily. "That's all right. He didn't kick me out. I offered to leave. It was my idea." He sighed. "I thought it would be... better... if I didn't spend a lot of time around him right now."
Chen Lu stood up. "I don't think so," he said.
He also knew that most people probably would do some kind of formal negotiation at this point. Set out some ground rules. Establish a safeword. But that was going to require stopping, and Tony really didn't want to slow down now. They knew each other, he literally couldn't hurt Steve unless Steve let him do it, and they could just course-correct as they went along.
Tony let him go. He was still smiling.
Geez, Steve was weird today. It was understandable -- but even so, there was something really off. Maybe Tony could talk to him later; maybe they could get dinner together or something, like they used to. He just wanted Steve to be okay. But maybe Steve needed time to deal with the loss of the mansion, and maybe dwelling on the past was the wrong thing.
. His eyes were bright as he intently studied the news. His hair fell, curling, over his forehead; Steve's fingers itched to push it back ever so lightly. If Tony let Steve touch him, Steve would be so gentle, so careful. Tony wasn't ever going to let Steve touch him.
"Well," Steve said, smiling again, and there was something smooth and dark and sultry in his voice, a rush better than the kick of liquor in Tony's lonely soul. "Heaven forfend you not get exactly what you want, hmm?"
Thank God. Tony had done it. Steve let out the breath he'd been holding. He was shaking.
When Steve snaps his head up, Mr. Stark's face is a sallow, sickly yellow-gray. Sweat beads on his skin. And he has a hand pressed to his chest. Something's very wrong with him.
Steve hoped that wasn't Tony blaming himself. That was probably Tony blaming himself.
Tiberius glared up at Tony. "Go to hell."
"You too, huh?" His throat was so tight he could hardly speak.
Tony's gaze followed Steve's, alighting on the book. "I think I'm okay," he said with a smile. There was a thoughtful pause. "What's it about?"
But Iron Man cuts him off. "Shh," Iron Man says, and the noise is low and gentle... and one-hundred-percent human. Iron Man's not using the vocal filters anymore. This is the first time Steve's ever heard Iron Man's voice, and the realization of that shocks him into silence, stuns his mind, stops his thoughts. He can't think.
"Uh," Steve says. "Wasp, I--"
"You've had your tongue in my mouth," Mr. Stark says. His voice is a dry rasp; his lips twist. "I think you can call me Tony."
"Probably," Tony says. "I can't see your hands at this angle, but there's a catch on each side, and-- hey, there you go, you're a natural."
Steve didn't think Tony even noticed when the three of them headed out; he was still engrossed in conversation with Tiberius. It didn't matter, Steve told himself. Tony would get the message.
Suspiciously, Tony tapped a D-ring with one fingernail and it rang out, the sound almost unearthly and very, very familiar.
Tony smiled. "I'm glad. You were amazing, by the way."
The polished wood of the front door warped in front of his eyes, and Steve realized he was on the verge of tears.
Steve's answering smile was small. A secret shared between just the two of them. "Yeah? You think?"
"I mean," Steve continued, and there was a meekness in his voice that Tony had never heard before, and he realized that Steve was
That got Steve's attention. He turned his head and squinted, like he thought maybe Tony was still drugged. "Don't you remember, Tony? You insisted you were going to implant yourself with a subcutaneous chip, while you were making this suit. I did pay attention."
Tony's still stroking him, ever so lightly, through the last of it, and he eases his hand away when Steve finally stops shuddering.
Tony was standing in the doorway, leaning heavily on the doorframe like it was the only thing holding him up. He was wearing a clean suit and tie, and he'd showered recently enough that his hair was still damp, but if he was trying to clean himself up to make them think everything was fine, it sure as hell wasn't working. His gaze wasn't quite tracking right, definitely not focusing, and his eyes were set deep, looking almost bruised, black and blue in his gray, hollow, lined face. He was coming apart at the seams.
Tony's gaze was disconsolate. "Yeah. That's an accurate summation of the problem."
Ever since he became Captain America, the entire world has told him, repeatedly and at length, what a delightful coincidence his birthday is. Steve sometimes wonders if that's the real reason he was picked for Rebirth.
His voice was gentle, but it was clearly a real question. He was wondering, Steve realized, if Steve was going to panic, because they were entering the part of the evening's festivities where Steve's attraction to men was being seriously demonstrated for the first time. Or, more succinctly: getting a blowjob from a man wasn't necessarily gay, but giving one sure was.
Something in Tony unknotted. "Yeah?" he asked. "You like what you see?"
Steve's throat was dry. "It's not a mistake to love people."
He just-- he loved him so much. It was as simple as that.
Steve took another sip of his water. "Mmm-hmm. I'm guessing he didn't take it well." Obviously he hadn't. Tiberius had attempted to trap Tony in DreamVision, after all.
It'll be a shame when all this is gone.
Then he felt the sting of a hypodermic needle in his neck and his last thought was
Steve supposed Tony didn't have to say anything at all if he didn't want to. It was enough that he was here.
Steve isn't sure what Iron Man means. "A medical problem?" he ventures. "Your heart? Wait, no. I don't know."
"So," Steve says, and he smiles, and he hopes he doesn't sound anywhere near as nervous as he feels. He wants this to go right. He doesn't want to presume too much. He wants Iron Man to like him as much as he likes Iron Man. "Did you want to be a gentleman and walk me to my door?"
Before he could change his mind, he strode decisively over to his bike. He only had the one helmet, but Tony needed it more than he did, for several reasons. He picked it up. Light gleamed off the helmet's mirrored visor. He turned to Tony. He held it out.
, anyway."
Mordo was pretty much exactly as Tony had expected, which was a feat when Tony considered the fact that he didn't think he'd ever met the man in person before. He was dressed as if Hydra had raided a magician's costume shop, although Tony figured the preference for green and yellow was probably just a coincidence. He had a patterned, high-collared green cape, and a green and yellow outfit covered in symbols that probably meant something to his fellow magicians. Tony thought he looked ridiculous, but Tony was also fully aware that most people probably wouldn't consider him, Iron Man, in a good position to judge anyone else for looking ridiculous. People still teased him about the goddamn nose armor, and he'd gotten rid of that years ago.
Iron Man's head is now tilted in the other direction. He's curious now, that's for certain. They've been friends ever since Steve joined the team, but Steve's never asked him any kind of intimate question. Not like this. Iron Man's secret identity is paramount. But he doesn't need to know who Iron Man is to have a good time, and he hopes Iron Man feels the same way about him.
. Steve hates the cold; he's always hated it, even before the ice, back when he never had enough meat on his bones to keep him warm. He'd been thinking in the back of his mind that a chill was something he'd just have to endure, being with Iron Man, but it looks like he doesn't have to concern himself with that at all. Iron Man is perfect.
It was messy, everything sloppy and spit-slick, but he didn't mind. He figured that was probably a good sign, anyway; he'd always thought that if you were going down on someone and trying to look dignified, you were doing it wrong. He thought Tony probably liked it messy. Tony still hadn't opened his eyes, but he was biting his lip, gasping out the tiniest little sounds, like he couldn't possibly hold back how much he liked this.The thought that he was doing that to Tony sent heat all through him. He was still sensitive, having come once already, but he enjoyed how it felt, Tony's body hot and damp where Steve's cock still pressed against his leg.
Steve shakes his head, bumping against the metal on Tony's palms. He looks up. Tony's looking back down at him, his face half-shadowed by the raised faceplate. Tony's smile is still a little wobbly and he's blinking back tears but he's
Steve almost didn't want to know how anyone could be worse than Sunset Bain. Or any of the people Steve had thought of. "What happened?"
Steve breathes out, and the last of the tension in him has vanished. Tony knows. Tony knows all his secrets and Tony has him here and he's safe.
"Maybe you don't think your own happiness should count," Steve continues, and he's selfish, he's so selfish, but he wants this so much. "But what about mine? You make me happy, Shellhead. You make me happier than I've ever been. Don't you want
Dropping Tony's hand, Steve puts his finger to his lips -- just to remind Tony to keep any chatter on comms and not external speakers -- and then unslings his shield. He tests the weight, finds the familiar balance of the shield in his hand, and then reaches out with his other hand. He fumbles for his belt pouch, finds the access card Tony gave him a couple years ago, swipes it, and noiselessly eases the door open.
, wasn't it? Tony would have been expected to express his gratitude. Steve didn't even want to think about how.
He sets Tony down on the bed, brushes Tony's hair back for him, and then busies himself with getting out of the uniform. Sex probably isn't something that's happening tonight, but Steve knows that if Tony has a choice about it he'd rather cuddle Steve when Steve isn't wearing a mail shirt. And besides, Steve wants to touch him. So he perches on the edge of the bed and starts taking his boots off.
Steve. Steve, Steve, Steve.
Pleased with himself, Steve starts laughing.
Both his hands are scarred.
at him. God. "I, uh." He bites his lip. "I've never had any complaints." He realizes, too late, how that must sound, now that Iron Man's just finished explaining why he doesn't want what Steve wants. Steve shuts his eyes. "I'm sorry. I can do without, honest. I don't mean to pressure you."
Steve fucks him with two fingers, a little rougher than he usually is, but, God, it's all so good. Tony is open, slick and wide-open, aching for more. The breath jolts out of his lungs every time Steve's fingers thrust in. The stretch is perfect. The heat is glorious.
He would have liked to have said that he'd have wanted anyone to do the same for him, but that wasn't exactly true. Part of being Tony Stark meant that most people were just going to assume he was kinky, whether or not he was, but in the dilettante pop-culture way that meant that maybe he tied his girlfriends up with silk scarves every so often, when he wanted to try something new. That was the impression he liked to give. That wasn't him, namely because (a) he was kinky in a rather more serious way, (b) when he did things he wanted to do them properly, and (c) silk scarves were a terrible fucking bondage material. So, sure, he was into kink, and he was willing to take the heat for whoever it was on the team who didn't want to be so open about their preferences. That was just what you did for your fellow kinksters, right?
"I, um," Steve says, roughly. He feels graceless. Inelegant. He doesn't think this could ever be a tactful proposition --
He could do this. He was doing this. Tony was here. Tony was safe. Tony was his friend. What more could he want from Tony than he already had? God, he knew Tony loved him. Of course Tony loved him. It wasn't like he needed sex to live. He didn't need that from Tony. If he just needed the release, his own hand worked well enough. He'd been perfectly all right being Tony's friend for a decade. That didn't have to change now that he knew Tony was queer too. It didn't make a difference. What was he missing? Nothing, that was what.
. So, no.
, everything in him said.
Then Steve stops, and lets them drag him away, and Tony wonders if that was love after all.
It's clear that Tony's a fan of that idea too. Tony rocks his hips frantically against the air, looking for stimulation he's not getting, and he moans again around Steve's cock, sucking harder, taking him down deeper and deeper, still the best Steve's ever had. Steve can feel the pleasure building within him, higher and higher, and he locks his fingers in Tony's hair even tighter, which just makes Tony moan again, louder. He's close, God, he's so close. Almost there.
In Steve's mind, his childhood bullies corner him in an alley, stand over his weak, sickly body.
Tony coughed, and when he looked back, he could see Tony's face flushed, ever so slightly. "Um," Tony said, hesitantly. "Actually, if you'd let me, I was wondering if I could ride pillion."
Tony's gaze drops, obviously and deliberately, to Steve's cock. The thin fabric of his underwear doesn't hide much. And then Tony grins broadly and arches up, putting his ass practically in the air, muscles flexing as he finally works his underwear off. He is gloriously, shamelessly nude. It's one hell of a appealing view, and Tony is clearly well-aware that Steve is... moved. That's the point. The tension within Steve loosens a little more, replaced by the pleasant low-key hum of arousal, a tingling warmth. It's much nicer that way. He feels... good.
Steve could feel his face heat up. "Tony," he said, but try as he might, he couldn't even sound disapproving.
Steve tips his head to the side and nudges the pauldron of Iron Man's armor with his cheekbone. "Yeah, see, that's exactly what I'm offering. If-- if you want that."
As she sat, a magazine slipped out from under her arm and onto the floor. Tony managed to catch a glimpse of the title, La Femme, and the picture of a poised woman on the cover before she snatched it back up with a distinctive curse under her breath.
“You and your family must come to Norway Captain, I insist. My daughter would love the opportunity to make so many new friends.” He said once he’d set the child free. Siv was giving him an indulgent smile but nodded in agreement.
Hammer had never really taken much interest in photographs or those hobbyists who went around taking pictures of this building or that fence post. As if anyone cared. He could see his way towards collecting photos of a pretty bird here or there, especially if she were willing to take her clothes off before hand, but otherwise what was the point?
Stefen’s eyes flew to find Stark who was holding a cackling Sara upside down, holding her by her two chubby legs and shaking her gently like a sack of flour.
Austria was a small country but fiercely proud of its treasures and contributions to society. Captain Rogers, hero of the Great War, was reputably both. Even Tony, cloistered away behind the walls of the abbey had heard of him.
Bucky let out a sharp laugh, and she fell quiet.
Schmidt sat his plate down and brushed his hands on the waiting napkin.
It wouldn’t be enough, he knew that deep down, but it would be something. Tony Coulson with his gaze to try and disagree. If there was one thing he believed he knew about Coulson it was that he wouldn’t give them away, even under torture. Not if he believed they’d live on to be of use to Farkas and whoever else was part of the wider conspiracy to overthrow the Reich.
“I’m thinking that it would be a shame to miss Péter while he is home. And it’s so close to when dear May is to come visit. Let me talk to Herr Schmidt. What the officials want is for you to put on a show Stefen, and there is no spectacle so wonderful as a party. And I do throw such gay parties.”
“We will leave instructions with the staff for him, but Péter is old enough to take care of himself. We must think about what is best for the rest of us right now, and it is best we leave Austria.” She reminded both the daughter and the father with unwavering resolve. They could resent her for it now, but they would thank her for it later.
Stefen’s face sagged with relief as Tony pressed his point firmly, glaring at Coulson all the while. “You take that cursed thing with you when you leave. You hand it off yourself to whatever poor bastard agrees to take it.”
From Pola they could buy passage across the water. Out of reach. A new beginning.
MUSIC: SECOND FANFARE.
! Steve had to take it back so he wouldn't have to look at his brother and see a dead man. Didn’t he get it. Didn’t he see? There was nobody left after them. Nobody left in the world to remember them or even put out a goddamn bowl of food after the gadje tossed them in their graves.
Well, there was a war on. There wasn’t much to explain. We were children, yes, but -
“It’s alright…” Stefen responded quietly, and then after a moment he admitted, “You’re actually not the first person who has said something like that to me.”
“Tony, what-?” Steve managed, surprise making him stupid as he blinked at the other man who was now holding his daughter as if Steve were the devil himself and intent on grabbing her.
Sam snorted, his eyes traveling over empty stores and their facades littered with Reich propaganda but he was silent on the issue the short distance to the station and Steve was grateful for it.
“I told you Captain. I aim to please.”
“Asleep I would imagine, Captain, and I would also imagine that you would only order your head of house to disrupt her normal sleeping arrangements due to your own absence if it was an absolute emergency.”
He found Virginia and Julia setting the table in the dining room just as he expected, but Herr Hammer was the real surprise. The butler was in his uniform, looking polished and pressed as he had every morning of the past decade, save the two days previous.
Steve didn’t answer for a moment, though Bucky could tell Steve didn’t need him to explain. After a long pause Steve got the words out, slow and a bit hesitant.
We’ll need to get them dried before we can harvest them. Péter fetch me the baking stone, would you?
"We mustn't let the men think that we are easily beaten or easily impressed. Where is the fun in that?" she declared with a wink for Natacha. Natacha beamed and nodded. The mayor and his group of socialites tittered.
“Is Tony coming home today?” the little boy bleated, looking up at her with such a pathetic look on his face it made her chest ache. Charlotte pulled her hand away, her spirits sinking once more. She’d hoped she’d have a chance to unpry the grip Stark had on the children while he was away, at least a little. Stark had not quite been gone a month, but the hole he’d left in the children's lives might as well have been a kilometer long and twice as deep. What she wouldn't give to go a day without having to hear the name of Tony Stark.
“I don’t think there are words enough to describe you Tony.” he answered, voice cracking with emotion. “You’re a good man, and I want your help. I
Even though he disliked the Osbornes, Steve had warmed to the idea of inviting their neighbors and the families of the staff to celebrate Péter’s fifteenth birthday. Charlotte had taken the bull by the horns and sold him on the necessity of inviting Péter’s former HJ troop, as well as the Mayor and a few other important city officials. It meant that the staff could not join the party the way they would have when Péter was little. Stevie was sore about that but there wasn’t anything either of them could do.
They stood watching, far enough away so as not to be noticed but close enough. God close enough.
"I am not finished yet! We are far from finished!"
“It don’t always gotta be you Stevie.” Bucky replied, sounding exhausted.
"He has his brother with him. They look out for each other."
(Romany) asshole.
“He wants to hurt you Tony. What happened between you two?”
“Tony would you please?” He pleaded, looking apologetically at the monk who looked supremely uncomfortable all of a sudden. “I know it’s an inconvenience but it’s just for the night. He’ll be more reasonable when he feels better.”
Tony grinned in response.
Artur looked up at him with round hopeful eyes and Tony didn’t bother trying to resist the curious melting sensation in his chest. He wasn’t made of stone for pity’s sake.
Steve never should have let Tony out of his sight. The problem was, Steve had come to depend too much on him. He’d become blindly selfish, subconsciously believing Tony to be impervious to harm. Tony had been the closest thing to invincible in Steve’s life thus far. Everything else got taken and broken, but not Tony.
Tony had always known that there were things about his situation at the abbey that Niklas wasn’t sharing with him; he was clever after all. More than clever. Some would go so far as to call him a genius. He had built his first boat when he was four years old. Which just meant that it had taken him entirely too long to figure out that Obie had never just been talking about his mother’s Italian roots but her
It was all in his head of course, but for decorum’s sake he could have done without the image.
“Forget it Tony. I’ve already taken care of it so that they won’t bother you again. I really do not understand you at all Stark. You’re the one always urging us to go!” Stefen sat up suddenly with a growl and Tony quickly slid off him to avoid being toppled to the floor.
“Do remember that Dr. Erskine has not come by in months Herr Hammer. It is hard to injure a man you haven’t tended to in over half a year.” She snapped, flicking her gaze to the butler for the briefest of moments before turning back to Dr. Fischer. “It is very kind of the army to send you, Herr doctor, but I wish you would have sent word ahead. I’m afraid today is not a good day for the major to have visitors.”
"But then we all must reap what we sow, isn’t that right darling?" She mused thoughtfully, considering her work with a satisfied smile. "You're going to destroy yourself, and I'm only sorry that your children will be caught in the middle." The words felt delightfully cruel coming out of her mouth and as pleasant as a sigh of relief. The tension she'd been holding inside for months, all her fear and her worry for him, cut away like strings and falling away from her at last.
And then there was Bucky himself. He didn’t seem to be doing so well in the following rules department either.  Still, a fella could try.
“The children,” Tony prompted, jerking his head in the direction of the table. The eyes of Stefen and his crowd of hangers on followed him and one of the women, her cheeks bright with too much drink, made a cooing sound.
But then of course the children got tired of just watching their boats in the water, Bucky and Tony occasionally striding in to fetch a wayward vessel, and someone remembered Tony promising they could swim.
“Oh.” Tony, instead of properly answering, had gone back to gawking at the great house lit up with lights and covered head to toe in bright red banners with swastikas, muttering in an aside way, “Perhaps he is short in other areas.”
"It means you have no family." Wanda's eyes lifted from the dirt and caught his. Their dark pools looked bottomless as she stared into him and continued to speak, softly and slowly.
"And sometimes intelligent men don’t get the education they deserve." Lt. Becker replied shortly.
He’d held Péter in his arms and promised him the world when he was born. Now he could make something good on that promise.
woken by Magda’s shout. It was still a moment before his brain left the nightmare and he recognized his surroundings. The sun was setting, casting a pale peaceful glow over the walls of the barn. A peacefulness that was disturbed by the sound of raised voices and stomping. Two sets of stomping.
“You’re staring, Herr Stark” the captain accused. Tony scrambled for an explanation that wouldn’t offend the man.
Well the goats wouldn’t be, Stefen! And there were all sorts of dangerous creatures in the woods. Like wolves! Wolves and mountain goats, and a plethora of other things that could hurt a boy of twelve traveling on his own; all because Tony had been stupid enough not to anticipate that Péter wasn’t the only rash one in the bunch.
“W-what?” Ian gaped, his head swiveling around back to the husband with shock, his heart beginning to thump hard again.
Tony nodded slowly, considering each corner of the plan that was slowly taking shape in his mind. Too slowly. Not enough. Not anywhere good enough. Come on Stark. Think!
They’d slipped in and went largely unnoticed for a few blissful minutes until Khalmmer had spotted Steve and broken away from his group to make an introduction. He’d introduced himself and had proceeded to pass Steve and Charlotte around the room to his various friends like party favors, greeting and licking the boots of whomever they were pointed at.
Because Sam was wrong about one thing. This was still home and a home was something to be defended. Steve would have to save it, and if he couldn't, well then, he'd have to avenge it.
“I’m well.” Tony managed to rasp out. “I’m well. Are you? Are you well Nonna?”
"My God." Steve gaped, and not because a London broadcast which was outlawed, but because it was pouring into his ears, clear as a bell. Tony's mouth split into a wide grin of triumph and Steve just stared at him in dumb shock.
"Growing up is funny that way." Tony acknowledged with a knowing hum, crossing over to help Ian tie his kerchief.
The doorbell buzzed again, insistently, and this time she stiffened in apprehension, slowing her packing. They couldn’t have come for her this soon could they? It had only been a few days. Her father’s sizeable contributions to the State Police should have bought her a little more time. Slowly she crept toward the door of her room, ears straining for the sounds coming from the hall as she heard her housekeeper answer the door, followed by the sound of approaching footsteps.
"All but Maria. They have declared her illegitimate. Father has arranged to send her to the workhouse quietly, to avoid public scandal." Charlotte recounted tonelessly.
His last clear memory of her there was from before the days of fever. He could recall her perfectly: back straight, fingers gliding over the keys. It had been raining, Natacha and Péter had whined all day about being cooped up indoors. Even Ian had kicked up a strop, only to eventually wander off to curl under a blanket and listen to his mother play.
“So am I back to Mr. now?” Bucky asked with an arched brow as he took a swallow from the mug. Hedwig hadn’t changed much since the last time he’d been through (what eight months ago?) all plump curves and buttermilk skin.
“Mmmmn, nope.” Stefen hummed with a grin. Bastard. “I think she wants to dance.”
"What is the meaning of this?" Steve demanded, standing up sharply, eyes flying between Hammer and Virginia who had stopped in the doorway along with Willamina and the two house maids. All of their expressions were  grim and somewhat horror struck like a crowd gathered to watch a train wreck unfold.
Tony didn’t consciously choose to sleep, too worried that Stefen would slip away while he dozed. Time moved in a blur of exhaustion and anxiety that made it seem as if every second crawled, until time itself began to mean nothing. There was just Stefen and every breath he took, and the one he struggled to take after that, and the next one after that. Sometimes there was nothing to be done but sit, and he did so without protest for the first time he could remember, as if he’d been sculpted from clay with this very chair beneath him. He sat at Stefen’s side and laid his hand against whatever bit of flesh was closest, an arm, a shoulder, just to keep feeling him, just to be sure, and tried not to think about what would happen if Stefen never woke up.
Natacha, frail? It was a laughable thought.
Steve's mind was pleasantly blank. He licked his lips.  When had his mouth gone so dry? He scrambled to remember what he was meant to be doing.
Hands cradle his hips and then Tony is inside him, time slipping like a rock over water. One minute Steve is reveling in the trails of heat Tony’s mouth makes across his skin, and in the next all he knows is the sensation of being filled and pushed into the bed. He wanted more of it. He told Tony so. Told him every last filthy thing he’d ever thought about him, about what he wanted to do to Tony and what Tony should do to him. He told Tony things he’d hardly dared to think, let alone speak aloud.
Coulson blinked at him, expression carrying a hint of surprise he couldn’t quite hide.
It was too easy to feel a boy again, standing in his father’s nobler shadow, desperately trying to live up to an impossible ideal even as he was reminded that he did not deserve second chances any more than he had deserved the first one; that the day he had first drawn breath was a blight in the grand order of somebody elses perfect world. There was a singular comfort to be found in forging metal: in the reverberation of each strike through muscle and bone, in the singe of spark and flame against hair and skin. Proof that even the hardest of materials could be persuaded to reformation given the right minded hands. There in his workshop, Tony Stark’s hands had always been right and his mind sound, even if nothing else about him ever had been.
“My grandmother’s heart broke to lose her only child that way.” Stefen went on. “She was always very sickly… I got that from her I think, but the heartsickness was worse after that. On her deathbed she begged my grandfather to go after my mother and take her
Damn it. Tony cursed under his breath and shook the maudlin thought away. That wasn’t the reason he was holding back. He wasn’t that fragile or that petty. He had every sane reason in the world to bite his tongue, he didn’t need to dip into the pathetic.
“Have you never seen the flag before Stark?” Hammer snipped with a sniff. “I’m much too busy for silly questions right now. I –”
Heart thumping, Tony flipped through the pages as more and more familiar names jumped out at him among the soup of the unfamiliar. Patrick and Mary Tuck, Janneeke VanDyne, Susann Richter, Robert McCabe.
Bucky needed another drink. Something stronger than coffee.
Then she’d turned to Lt. Steven’s, who seemed in charge of the police operations, and asked him what he and his men were planning on doing for meals and if they wouldn’t they prefer hot plates instead of rations as well as clean sheets in the mornings. Steven’s had looked at her with such admiration it wouldn’t have surprised Tony a bit if he’d proposed to her a moment later.
Natacha blinked slowly, possibly still hoping to think of a way to avoid snitching on her brother before she nodded.
Steve had to get up. He twisted, swinging blindly at Schmidt, a cry torn from his lips as his vision swam double. It seemed to him that his moans bounced off the walls of his cell, taunting him with the emptiness of the space and the unsoundness of his own mind. He could not tell what was real and what was not. From the fire in his veins to the hands gripping at his throat, yanking at his hair, and the voice of his enemy snarling hotly in his ear.
They were lucky. They had been so damn lucky. Lucky that Tony had been curious about the yelling outside, hadn’t tried to ignore it or drown it out by increasing the volume of the orchestra.  Lucky that he’d gone to look and that he’d correctly guessed they’d target the Music Hall. One of the few places in Salzburg where Jews could still belong.
“James!” She called with a wave. He waved back to her, grinning around the cigarette hanging out of the corner of his mouth. With his hair slicked back and still dressed for work she thought he looked just like Clark Gabel, only better because she knew how he liked to joke, and what made him laugh. He was still a mystery in some ways but a good one. That she was sure of. She liked being sure of something.
“You don’t care about me!” James accused, crumbling into desperate sobs. He looked so small and pathetic sitting there in the snow with his bruises and his broken heart. Tony felt sorry for him, almost enough to forget why he’d tossed him there in the first place.
One pudgy hand slapped onto his chest and the other tried to pry one of his eye open (none too gently). Tony batted the hand away, rubbing his sore eye.
Her eyes widened even as her brow furrowed deeply in puzzlement, as if she were trying desperately to unravel the meaning behind the gesture and didn’t quite trust the conclusion she was coming to. They hadn’t spoken privately since she’d confessed to poisoning her father he realized. He wondered if he’d even touched her and couldn’t think of an instance. It had been too long since he’d seen her genuinely happy like this, and he knew how quickly this moment would fade. He’d been so wrapped up in Stefen’s recovery he hadn’t stopped to think what she might need from him.
"Can you get out of it?" Bucky immediately demanded, obviously not liking the thought of Stefen and the children making the journey any more than Tony did. Stefen gave him a dry look.
Tony’s brows shot up in surprise as he glanced warily between the two of them, his mouth falling slightly open.
"We're glad to have you, Herr Stark.” Stefen finally replied, and then quieter, with a telling thread of uncertainty. “You do plan on staying with us?"
“I’m fine!” he snapped, gathering up the rucksack he’d dropped, hastily glancing at the market boys who were watching lazily from across the square, blowing streams of smoke into the air with the careful disinterest of youth.
How pointless it all seemed now. All those secrets and all that hiding over so many years. No menorahs had been lit this year, but the lights had found him anyway. Lights for the last Jew in Salzburg.
“Don't you ever get tired of war, Stevie?”
Major Rogers called for a halt, not taking his eyes off the Corporal, his body still and ready. Becker looked between them. What was this?
Tony gestured at one of the packages, trying not to smile.
Stefen closed his eyes as if pained, and Tony knew he was cursing inside. Perhaps he was imagining all the lives those ships, armored and armed with Tony’s technology would take. Tony had imagined it often enough.
Martin had delivered his tools and the parts to his engine from St. Péter’s and Tony had barely waited for the cement to finish drying in his new workshop before he’d set up, and begun to improve upon the engine he’d started all those months ago. Many of the tools he used he’d created himself, designed to do the things he’d dreamed up whether it was smoother cylinders or smaller parts.
Alright yes, Tony recognized that he was being uncharitable, and he was even willing to acknowledge that most of his bitterness truly stemmed from the pit of worry that had taken region in his stomach – but he was reserving the right to be as mad and as bitter as he pleased for as long as he needed to be. Stefen hadn’t answered his letter, and had left him to deal with anxious and downright crabby children who didn’t know how to deal with the stress of their ever changing world.
“Maria Santiago. I told you about Jarvis and Ana, our butler and our cook at Hill House,” Tony began and Steve nodded. Tony spoke of Jarvis and his wife with more warmth than he did his own parents at times. “Well the reason Jarvis stayed here in Pola so often instead of following us to Hamburg was, he had a niece who became his ward. I never did hear the whole story there, but when her parents died in Spain, they brought her to be schooled here.”
Tony went back to putting the rifle back together and Stefen regarded the piece of abandoned fruit, blinking at it as if it had just spoken to him.
. He thought. And then thought it again.
“I had some of the best tutors I’m afraid. Though it has been a few years since - ”
Most of Tony’s memories stayed locked away in his mind, exactly in whatever box he put them in - but sometimes they rattled their cages and leapt up with life of their own to taunt him.
she did. Tony kicked himself. They all took for granted how mature she was, how consistently levelheaded and undemanding in comparison to her siblings, but she was still a
At least the whine had been on pitch. After Péter had said that their parents used to swim with them he’d expected that he and Natacha would prove sufficient swimmers and they were, both splashing into the water with the sloppy confidence of youth.
“Captain Rogers! I can’t believe my eyes. It’s been years.”
“Sorry Tony.” he mumbled past the fingers in his mouth.
Steve swallowed thickly, thinking that he’d blown himself wide open and made a fool of himself, but Tony hadn’t left him. He laid down beside Steve and wiped away the tears and mess, told Steve he’d been wonderful. Called him love.
As he turned to close the door behind himself he caught one last sight of Bucky sitting on the edge of the bed, speaking low, one hand clenched in Stefen’s shirt, his fingers white as he held on for dear life.
? But he flipped dutifully to the pages behind the velvet ribbon as Tony had indicated. For a moment, his eyes raked over the page, taking it in.
him!” Magda yelled as they slammed into the wall beside it.
“How exactly did you tear it?” Steve barked in question. Frau Carboni shot him a nervous glance and Tony took a step closer, a staying hand reaching for him.
While he would stop before calling the beast gentle his stroppy host spent most of his time snoring or huffing at Steve from a safe distance across the pen. The grizzly little thing seemed to be the woman’s pet. Her special little love. Like Artur and little Mon-Ami.
~*~*~*~
“Do I? Anything you want, English, Latin, Greek-”
“What do you- Herr Stark wasn’t a part of the war.”  Stefen refuted, but that was lie. Everyone had been a part of the war. “He didn’t fight,” Steve amended.
“No Maria, it’s over then under. You have to alternate.” Natacha said from behind them, and Tony turned to observe where the others were working to rope the beds. Natacha, Péter, and Ian were holding up the square frame while Maria (with Sara trailing behind her) worked underneath, weaving the rope through the large holes Tony’d painstakingly drilled in the frames to form netting.
“They have every reason to fear, Stefen, you are right, and only you to show them the meaning of strength. Don’t let fear become their master.”
And Stark just kept looking at him with those eyes of his, seeing too much. When he extended his hands Stefen understood what he wanted, but it wasn’t any easier to let go.
“Finding Stefen. That’s your job!” Tony rushed on, the words coming out like blades intent on cutting anything in their path. “Focus on that! Don’t you dare come back without- without...” Tony took a sharp breath, hand gripping his chest where his heart squeezed as if in the throes of attack.
For once Tony was silent, struck numb by Péter’s words as they reverberated around his head. He was right of course. Stefen’s work with the resistance wasn’t just dangerous for him. If discovered there was no telling how his superiors would decide to punish him and where it would end. Stefen feared General Schmidt like the man was the devil himself, and Tony had no words for it, but he knew instinctively just from a single meeting that Stefen was right to be so afraid. And still he fought, and here Tony was, building him a one of a kind tool to use in his efforts and all but painting the name Stark upon its side.
“Anyway, think about it.”
“Mama is still sore with you.” Hedwig clucked her tongue, a teasing glint in her grey eyes. “And Vati says that if you were a decent man you’d never have run off on our Nele.”
Tony followed Ian’s gaze. The captain was kneeling over the fire pit, setting stones about the rim, seemingly in deep conversation with Bakhuizen who was holding an armful of them, handing them off when Stefen gestured for them.
~*~*~*~
“You’re late.” Charlotte commented when Steve had closed the door behind himself, reaching to turn the key in the ignition. He winced, even though her tone was only mildly disapproving.
Steve had once thought that someone who grew up in places equally as grand as this one would constantly be comparing the rest of the world to that sort of standard. Tony certainly seemed to enjoy his luxuries, but he wasn’t some puffed up little tick like Göring and he didn’t lose his head over meaningless trinkets and fashions.
“Of course, Father.” She finally answered with a demure bow of her head, but her spine had gone straight, her shoulders braced as if for war. “It wouldn’t.”
~*~~*~
“Yes, Captain. I understood perfectly.”
“High on a hill lived a lonely goatherd lay -ee-odllay-ee-odllay-ee-hoo.”
“Hey,” Tony tugged playfully on Maria’s sleeve, pulling the child’s focus to him. “Don’t just lay there like a sack of potatoes. Make room for your brothers.”
The villa was alive with music and lights, but the joy that should have accompanied such a gathering was leached by the number of somber faces in crisp uniforms moving about the room. Tony didn’t think he’d seen this many S.S. in one place since Dachau, and he couldn’t help but be nervous. But maybe that had less to do with the sheer number of officers in the house that night, and more specifically to do with his new friend.
“They weren’t followed or nothing, I was half a block behind the whole way and didn’t see nobody.” the boy Clinton assured, as he dug around inside his trouser pockets for the correspondence Coulson had given him to deliver. Steve handed him the coded report he’d scrawled on a scrap of paper and it quickly disappeared inside the boy’s jacket.
“The Laendlr?” Ursala questioned, slowly releasing the strand she still held of Natacha’s hair as the girl nodded and stepped away. The older woman looked impressed, noting that not many girls Natacha’s age were interested in the old folk dances.
"Yes. They were quite fond of me, though not for the reason Bucky likes to imply."
Steve put his weight against it, feeling for any give. The door was sturdy, it would hurt him but he could get it down and that was all he needed. He threw himself against the wood, barreling into with his shoulder. Something had come loose inside him. Each strike more frantic than the last as he threw himself at the door like someone crazed.
“I can see that. You look like a smart young man to me. A young man who loves his country and knows his duty. You do know your duty don’t you James?”
“Yes, sorry…” Steve cleared his throat. “Buck and I got on the road this morning. The phone line was down at the hotel.”
Bucky and the other snipers worked more strategically shooting at tires and drivers. He spotted a mounted gun on top of an oncoming kübelwagen after it shot down two of their men in a single pass. Teeth gritted Bucky stood and shoot the gunner through the head before he could begin another. Position blown he started to run, weaving through the trees for cover as bullets pelted around him.
There was lots of giggling and splashing as they acquainted themselves with steering the small crafts, Tony shouting out instructions over the ruckus as Pepper and Harrold waved from the dock and generally laughed at the ridiculous picture they all must have made.
It was damned lucky that he could play in his sleep and sing even if he was four sheets to the wind – which he wasn’t, he was just damned nervous as any sane person would be – otherwise the whole disastrous affair could have been that much worse. Tony couldn’t remember a time when he’d ever been this tense, and that was saying something considering he’d once led a prison break armed with nothing but a few homemade explosives. The one saving grace about being stuck at the piano was that it allowed him to drink in peace while he watched the room without drawing too much attention.
No one. No one would fault him.
There was a brief pause and then a moment where Tony could hear shuffling coming from behind the closed door. He thought he heard the scrape of a drawer opening and then closing before soft footfalls.
"The Reich has revoked the papers of all polish immigrants whom the state classifies as Jewish. They were accused of abusing German hospitality and illegally occupying employment. They were told their crimes would be forgiven if they agreed to immediately return to Poland, after signing an agreement never to come back. They were loaded on the last shipment out. I'm sorry."
Pavlok sighed, fishing for more paperwork for Tony to review, which upon finding he slid toward the younger man.
He’d been so careless. Selfish. Inconsiderate of anything besides his need for Tony and unwilling to heed Bucky’s warnings. Charlotte was clever and very good and manipulating circumstances to get the things she wanted. Not usually for malicious reasons, but when it came to matters of the heart… it changed people.
Rogers jerked as if slapped and looked over his shoulder, the movement slow and careful, as if his skeleton was made of glass. His pale lips twisted into grimace at the sight of Dvorak and Fischer standing in the doorway, eyes that were sunk in purple bruises narrowing first on Dvorak and then his companion. With a groan, Rogers pushed himself up until he was leaning against the headboard. The muscles in his arms shook with the effort it took to lift himself. Poor bastard, Dvorak thought with a twinge of sympathy.
There was only a thin trickle of stagnant water left in the cup and he was not the matriarch of the family, but it would have to do.
Every part of Steve wanted to shake Tony off and run after her.
Gynter Funk & Rita Göring both had fathers in the Führer’s inner circle.  Frau Zemo’s son Helmut was handsome and reminded her of Péter.  Elizabeth Fennhoff’s father was a notable psychiatrist and was rumored to have demonic powers of persuasion. Rita was the one spreading most of the rumors because she was a silly twit and a gossip. Her father might have held a higher seat in the Reich, but Elizabeth was the more intelligent of the two girls and the better liked. Unfortunately, Rita’s jealousy did not halt her bottomless hunger for approval, so she clung to the other girls' skirts like lint so that you did not get one without the other.
No, he didn’t know them personally. Just of them and what they enjoyed.
Steve lingered longer than he had any right to in the bath. The heated water felt like bliss as it sank into his skin to sooth his sore muscles. He eventually had to make himself abandon the tub and face the day. It was Christmas Eve and he was determined that it would be good for the children. He couldn’t promise them much else right now, but he could give them that. Steve dried off and dressed without any help for the first time in weeks, and then made it down stairs to the kitchen where Willamina had served up breakfast.
“Yes.” Charlotte sealed the envelope closed with a firm press of her hand.  “I’ve decided to stay out the winter with Aunt Sophie and Uncle Georg. I would appreciate it if you kept that information to yourself. Despite that earnest face, you are terribly good at keeping secrets.”
Tony frowned, confusion warring with horrible dread as he took the bottle from her hand, trying to make sense of what she’d said and read the faded script on the peeling label at the same time.
Medals and riches and lots more besides, Tony thought. And if they failed, the Führer’s temper would see them as good as dead. Obadiah had to know that too. Tony understood exactly what was at stake here.
Stefen would have to follow later but he'd promised not to miss picking Péter up from the train. Tony believed him, but he had very mixed feelings about leaving Stefen and the Baroness in Nuremburg.  He was jealous of the woman he could admit that, but more than that he did not like to leave Stefen out of his sight knowing what he was involved in and the constant risk of discovery.
There came a stage at every party - no matter how anticipated or well executed on the part of the host -  when fingers began to fidget with watches and eyes began to linger on doors. The wilting hour.
Not in here. In here he was Subject U-1610.
On the outside, Ludl Chaple looked peaceful and undisturbed. A small grey stoned church mostly empty on a working day, save for the occasional coming and going of an automobile. bringing someone on church business. One such automobile brought a man who went by the name Visser, or simply Vis among the locals. With him that day was a young woman carrying a large covered basket. Her jacket was that of a working woman, plain and modest, but there was nothing modest about the bright red of her painted lips.
Steve was concerned that by the time he made it out of the parliament building shortly after two in the afternoon, that he had missed Tony’s arrival with the children.
“That'll be all Stark.”
“The police came. Somebody tipped them off.” Tony explained quietly and Bucky’s eyes flew back to him. Steve tensed, already knowing what Bucky was going to say.
Time to say goodbye
, picking up on maths and sciences that Steve couldn’t even pronounce. Cheeky and resourceful like his mother. Stubborn and brave like -
“You start us off.” Péter heard Natacha saying as the trio exited the room. He wanted to follow them, even though he knew Natacha would say she could take care of herself. Even though it made his stomach feel all tied up in knots Péter thought that he could shoot someone if they tried to hurt his younger sisters and brother. If it meant stopping someone from hurting any of his family, he could shoot. He could.
"Do you think the children would enjoy a trip into town today?" Stefen asked after a moment more and Tony’s heart thudded at the unexpected question. Eyes darting to the captain, who kept his gaze trained strictly ahead, Tony searched his expression for some hint that he’d heard correctly. When nothing else came he swallowed.
"The abbot can't be disturbed. What is your business here Sir?"
They had to find Péter.
VOICE: The life of the world, its conflicts and achievements, its news and fun, its leaders and its common people.
“Munich. I got tired of the city.” Bucky finally answered him when his plate was cleared. The man jumped, surprised to be spoken and met Bucky’s wide grin with a wary nod. “It is a nice town. How is the work?”
Tony clapped his hands and waved for the children to join him at the piano. He was touched by their show of eagerness, Maria all but tripping over herself to be the first one to reach his side. Natacha followed behind the others her steps measured and face still unreadable.
"Are you coming to dinner?" He eyed Steve's uniform suspiciously. "I want you to come to dinner."
“Raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh To- I mean, Herr Stark, says he doesn’t mind watching children Frau Richter. He says that monks are especially good at capturing minds when they’re young.” Péter offered, cheeks turning pink again when Susann laughed, gaily.
In the end James and Ian took turns with the pistol, both managing quite well despite their youth to Tony’s surprise.
Steve nodded, reaching for the discarded letter from Schmidt requesting his attendance at the meetings to be held in honor of the royal visit, all those official as well as social. He handed it to Bucky over his shoulder as he set the letter from the Prince aside and resumed his drawing.
