At the very least, Cas feels comforted that language has failed Sam as well. Sam returns his gaze to the table, his secret keeper, absently tracing the scratch marks of their names. He seems to pull language onto his tongue by sheer force of feeling, a skill which Cas at once envies and finds terrifying.
“No,” He corrects. “I was
A/N: We saw that you liked Dean/Eileen Sibling-in-Law bonding, so we got you some Dean/Eileen Sibling-in-Law bonding to go with your Dean/Eileen Sibling-in-Law bonding. -Non
He can’t do that. He’s not allowed to do that.
Dean puffs a useless breath against his pillow before hauling himself to sitting. His feet hit the cold floor as he puts his head in his hands to delay the inevitable, just for a second.
People will miss her.
In the silence between his own tattered breaths, he stares out at the beautiful field and wishes desperately, selfishly — for once, for one time, to not be alone.
“Oh. That’s good,” Dean says, because that’s good. “You should be happy and comfortable here,” he adds, because Cas should be happy and comfortable here.
mocking, heedless. Then, a nail in the coffin, she sinks to
Hunting down that ghoul with Dean had also been good.
Cas doesn’t want to die. Somewhere beneath a painted smile and glazed eyes, Cas is screaming. Dean has to save him.
So. Flowers. Cas gave Dean flowers. Blue flowers that look like Cas’s eyes. Cas and flowers. Cas with flowers. Cas laying in a field of flowers. Cas’s blue eyes and soft lips surrounded by these soft blue flowers, making his dark hair stand out like a smear. Cas’s long black eyelashes lifting to look up at Dean with those blue flower eyes. Cas’s hand entangled in green stems and blue flowers as he comes apart.
Dean sold Cas a lie of free will that got him killed. Then, because it worked so well the first time, he kept doing it again and again and again.
Then, he quietly sits down and starts to cry. Alone, silently shaking, carefully hidden in the trees.
It’s Sam begging Dean not to leave him alone after Chuck.
Finally, it’s just a matter of figuring out what kind of creature eats organs and reflects people upside down. After a two second conversation revealing the inverted reflection, Dean groans. Eileen nods her agreement. Hunting Aswangs sucks.
comes back over the headphones, he’s about halfway done, so he restarts again and let’s that carry him to the finish. The second time it comes around he picks up
Cas frowns at his shirt sleeve like it has personally betrayed him. On closer examination, the sleeve cuff is a bit uneven, rolled poorly. It’s Cas’s right sleeve, so non-dominant hand use might have tripped him up.
His bellow could probably be heard 3 towns over. It didn’t need to be so loud, because when he spins around and stalks into the hallway, Dean and Eileen are standing just down the way laughing their asses off.
Still, just to be safe, Dean pops in Cas’s first mixtape and lets that comfort him for the drive.
“You can cook?” Claire says, and it’s less a question and more an accusation.
It’s not that Dean is blind. He knows Cas is not a perfect person. He knows Cas struggles with feeling weak and directionless at times. He knows Cas once had regrets, decisions he wasn’t proud of. He just didn’t think Cas
None of this reveals any actionable intel, but it shakes out to be a bad day for Isabelle. After their restaurant encounter, Eileen is less focused on determining Isabelle’s particular brand of supernatural creature and more invested in making her day marginally more shitty. Dean has to stop Eileen from slashing the tires to her stupid convertible. She’d be more frustrated, except Dean suggests removing the tire valve caps instead, which Eileen appreciates.
They’re all so caught up in increasingly more obvious and ludicrous ways to cheat that everyone is surprised when Jack mutters, “I’m not sure I understand the rules of this game,” and Kaia responds, “I do,” before placing her last card victoriously on the table.
Dean carefully didn't think about how he'll never be able to say it. He won't get that happiness either because that feels too big and too cruel. Let Castiel have his happiness. What's one more thing that Dean can't say? He can't even imagine the words in his mind without seeing black goo sliding down Castiel's face.
The song ticks over.
“Honestly, it was kind of funny,” Sam chuckles, as he folds himself onto Dean’s bed.
“I apologize.” Cas says, and his face is serious, but Dean sees that twinkle in his eye and knows he’s being a little shit. Cas likes scaring the crap out of Dean just to see him jump. Cas brings his hand up to rest on Dean’s cheek, because that's a thing that they do now, even though it makes Dean have to close his eyes. Every time he tells himself he won’t lean into Cas’s palm, and every time he does. Dean reaches out and lets his left hand squeeze Cas’s bicep.
This time, the tape reads “From Cas,” which makes Dean smile. Since, you know, Dean’s getting so many mixtapes from his army of admirers that it’s really important for Cas to make clear that
“What the fuck is a lunar ceremony?”
It’s pathetic enough to have mistakenly summoned Cas. To have cried all over him. To have pinned him under useless weight.
It had taken a few days for Dean to remember everything about Hell, like the memories had needed time to catch up to his body. Dean had momentarily entertained the idea that if he moved faster, pushed harder, he’d be able to outrun what he’d become.
Here’s the thing: this is the angle Dean needed for the shot. She gets that. But a hundred million things could go wrong, and if Dean doesn’t make the shot, Eileen is dead. She can’t fight an Aswang at close range. No one can. That’s sort of their whole thing. She has her knife, and if she could catch it off guard or off balance, maybe she could reach the small of its back. Unfortunately, with the way they’ve set this up — with Isabelle fully aware why she’s there — Eileen’s shit out of luck. Isabelle may be a smug bitch, but she’s smart as hell and twice as deadly.
He thinks about what Sam had said about retiring, and he still doesn’t know exactly what that would be. Maybe a few more weekends like this. Just a couple. It couldn’t hurt.
He sees Cas smiling at Dean, the idiot who didn’t realize they were dating, when he closes his eyes.
Great, now he's thinking about mold in his bed. Gross.
The song starts, but Dean is staring at “Light of humanity.” like it might somehow make sense. There’s even a period at the end. The song mocks him gently with
The next song starts off strong. It’s heavy and atmospheric, and more Dean’s style. He can get behind
CW: vague reference to Hell things, but mostly this chapter is just soft as fuuuuck
Dean reaches down to the walkman and hits play before he can talk himself out of it. The tape had played out during his conversation with Sam, so it starts at the beginning, but Dean’s not in a rush. It’s not hard to wander in and out of the kitchen, doing odd jobs and watching the chili. He has to pause it for a second when he goes to change the lightbulbs in the east hallway because he drags Jack out on a whim to teach him how it gets done.
A strange yearning overcomes Castiel for Sam to be his brother by origin, not just by choice, such that Cas might speak to him the way he’d speak to the closest of his angel siblings: in the abstraction of thought and emotion, fully and without reservation. It’s not a bond that one initiates with every angel, but Cas feels confident that were Sam capable of it, he would happily join Cas in that link. It’s not one that Cas has shared with anyone for thousands of years. Not since Anna, long before she first abandoned the garrison.
Uh, in the angelic way. Not in the love way.
Kaia, because Dean suspects sometimes that she’s the only one of any of them with a modicum of self-preservation instinct, joins him.
He glares at the flowers again as he opens his closet door.
The top thing she absolutely knows is true about Dean is that he loves Sam, Cas, and Jack. He’s deadly with a blade and insane with a gun — probably one of the best marksmen she’s ever seen. He’s saved the world a few times. He’s apparently held Michael in his brain just by force of will. He’s a good cook.
Briefly, she curses Sam. She’d have a perfectly normal relationship with Dean, if not for Sam and his stories and the love between the brothers that she could see from space.
Dean rips the headphones off. He can distantly hear the voice lifting softly out of the headphones and hears
Resilience.
“If it’s not bad,” Patience says, looking up at Dean, not even trying to hide the tears slipping down her cheeks. “If it’s not, then why can’t he — why doesn’t he —”
and thought of Dean, even with every stupid shitty thing Dean has ever done.
Dean doesn’t say, ‘you wanted to bring your mom on your date?’ because he wasn’t actually raised in a barn. He does spare a quick second to do the mental math and make sure this isn’t like a legal drinking age thing, but Kaia and Claire are a comfortable 21 (and also Dean made half of their fake IDs. They’d hold.)
She takes her time wandering to the door, but as soon as it’s open, Dean bursts in, talking a mile a minute and signing just as quickly.
The song turns on and Dean can't help but smile. Ella Fitzgerald makes him think of the ratty jukebox at the Roadhouse, and the memory is old enough now that it's faded sepia rather than grime and blood splattered across vivid color. Cas is a classy dude. Of course he likes the old classics. He and Ella would probably get on like peanut butter and jelly.
A minute ticks by, then another.
Dean shoots Cas an incredulous look. He remembers every horrible second of being in Detroit. Of course he remembers what he said. Sort of. In Dean’s defense, a lot of things were going on, and Sam was possessed by Lucifer and going to die. Also, it was a long time ago. Still, he remembers the feeling. Sam was going to suffer, but Cas knew where, and Dean needed to know so he could be there.
Okay. It’s officially time for Sam to retaliate.
“Yeah. Thanks, Dean.” Between the mixtape from Hell and the 3 year old who’s sort of his son and sort of god, also from Hell, but in a very different way, Dean figures he's actually probably used up every feeling for the rest of the month. He gives a curt nod.
Thinking, Dean reflects, is significantly less helpful than it was made out to be.
The Aswang releases what might be a laugh. “But you do kill people. Is that better? At least what I do, I do to survive. Do I not deserve to live? To eat? To thrive?” Isabelle maintains her perfectly smarmy veneer, self-assured that she’s not done anything wrong.
Dean, because he knows this is the one single thing that Castiel has asked him for, goes for the throat. Finds enough anger to punch against the sliding black.
And Dean had started to pray. It was formless — a longing that never quite surfaced into words. Because that's what he did these days. Because he didn't know what else to do. Because he didn't know if Cas could hear him in the Empty. Hell, he didn't know if Cas would care to listen — but Cas deserved to know that Jack was here and he was okay and —
“But you don’t know me.” Jeez, kid’s really stuck on that, isn’t he? Cas is watching Dean with a bit of mischief in his eyes, so Dean knows he’s going to be absolutely no help. I have time, Dean had said, like a fucking moron.
love with, he mentally corrects.
“She’s really nice,” is what Kaia leads with, but Claire snorts and says what he knows they’re both thinking.
They don’t even end up doing anything illegal. They’re actually eating at a diner, coming up with a plan, when the owner of the
Dean doesn't have a plan when he leaves the gun range, other than to leave the gun range. He slides into the war room, pops open his computer, and starts idly searching for a hunt. He finds two instantly, both milk runs.
The grocery stores might not be open when he gets there, but it’s better than being here. Better than opening his mouth to let blood and dust spill out.
Dean gets up, and stirs the pot.
Dean fiddles with the whiskey bottle.
Dean has exactly 5 seconds to panic while he tries to figure out what he's going to show Jack before he's ripping off his flannel shirt and rolling up his left sleeve.
Cas, who Sam said should tell Dean how he feels. Cas, who tends to charge into things half-cocked. Did he make a move last night? Did he tell Dean he was in love with him? Did Dean...?
Dean manages a stuttering step back, twisting slightly away. Mercifully, Cas doesn’t follow. The half inch of extra-space gives his brain clarity, as does dropping his gaze. To the floor, he says something that probably should be said to Cas’s face, but we take what we can get.
He’s got a couple hundred miles to go before he can make it to the bunker, but he’s thinking about what happens when he gets there. Nothing’s changed, except now Dean knows that they’re dating in Castiel’s mind, which means everything has changed. He rewinds the tape to the very beginning, like that might somehow reveal how that happened to him. Hell, he contemplates pulling out the first tape and trying to rip that apart for clues, too. He didn't think he’d be alive in a post-Chuck world, let alone this. He just can't figure out what Cas is getting out of this arrangement, and he has to figure it out. If he can’t, he knows he won’t be able to keep it. Cas is good at leaving, and Dean — Dean is really bad at asking people to stay.
She says she likes to feel the vibrations of the music in the car. Last time Sam had asked about that, they started talking about an entirely different set of vibrations, so Sam doesn’t ask anymore. Not if he wants to keep blood in his brain.
Cas stops him in the hallway. They stare at each other for a moment before Cas says, “It makes me happy, that you're listening to the tape.” He says it with such a soft smile that Dean's possessed left hand flys out to settle on his bicep.
“Dean.” Cas says, and his voice is pure frustration. “I am relating my own experience with humanity whenever I believe it might help. You are the person through whom I came to love humanity. You are still, in my opinion, one of the best men I have ever known.” Castiel says this in an aggrieved tone, like that could diminish the impact of the sentences’ content somehow.
Dean hears a quiet
Hymnals peters out and the next song is one that Dean knows. Fuck, everyone probably knows it. It's fucking ABBA. It's Lay All Your Love on Me.
“Jeez. I got something on my face or something?” Dean says, ducking to look at his reflection in the sparkling steel pot balanced on the drying rack.
All of a sudden, Dean misses Benny like an aching limb. The way he always does but always ignores. Benny hadn’t needed Dean to tell him what Cas was, what he meant — he just understood. Benny had never judged Dean for who he was. Hell, Benny had even liked who he was. He’d understood. Benny, who’d had his back from the beginning, even before Dean knew it. Benny, who hadn’t blinked at any request that Dean made of him.
“Yes.” Dean can hear Cas’s smile as he answers. “That is exactly the right angel.”
Hell, rage, disappointment. He could handle those. Dean knows how to take hits. He knows how to get punched, how to get back up.
During what should have been a completely normal check-in with Michael and Adam, Jack had then challenged Michael to a race, contesting that Cas could judge. The summons somehow escalated into a flying tournament, Cas charged with racing the finalist. Michael, who Cas had expected to refuse on principle, had been delighted by the idea and produced a bracket with surprising speed.
Instead she signs back, “Welcome to the club. We should make t-shirts.” She knows it will make Dean laugh.
Sammy shrugs. “Things have been pretty quiet.” Dean can believe that. Honestly, sometimes Dean thinks about how many things they’ve killed and wonders how there are any monsters left at all. Most of the time it feels like they’re a drop in an ocean that wants to eat them and everything else in the world. “You ever think it’s weird now?” Sam adds, not casually at all.
“Jack.” Cas had said, with his rumbling tenor. His undeniable voice. Sounding so real. Casually, like it wasn't ripping up the foundations of the very safe house Dean had built for himself. “I thought I told you to wait for me.”
So, it’s not that he doesn’t understand that Cas wants him, it's more that he doesn’t understand
can bring some!” He says, leveraging himself forward to stick a finger into Claire’s space. She meets him there. He’s about to add something, but he catches Kaia flinch back in the corner of his vision, and suddenly he’s snatching his finger back like it’s been burned. He gathers the cups up quickly, like holding glass might somehow make him delicate. He misses Claire’s return shot.
Wait. Cas does say yes. Dean already does that.
him. Dean had stupidly, idiotically mentioned her too many times and Castiel had asked, and Dean remembers scream-singing Blank Space in Baby, and nudging Sam into singing along. Cas had sat in the back seat and laughed with them.
“Aw. I always knew you cared.”
No. John loved Dean. He did. Dean remembers wrestling matches, Dad clapping him on the shoulder after Dean used only six bullets to hit as many cans. He remembers Dad, impossibly small in that hospital room, telling Dean he was proud of him.
Cas drew Jack to his chest and folded his wings over them both, desperate to give the boy some kind of comfort.
Dean feels as if a lock on a small corner of his heart has been hit with a shotgun, obliterating the keyhole and half the door in someone’s rush to get in. Words spill out.
The next song is, of course, not calm at all, but bright and peppy. Normally, Dean would say it's uncomfortable how the songs jump from tone to tone, but right now he's happy enough that every song jolted him to another place until he wasn't doing anything but listening to the mixtape.
Cas feels his own anger walk in with him. For some reason, Dean falters for a half step when his eyes fall on Cas. Cas keeps his eyes trained on the book in front of him.
Maybe Cas is asexual, like how they explained to Jack.
Dean drags himself backwards, laying down on the lumpy bed that will forget him even before he wakes up in the morning. He rewinds the tape to the beginning, but he hesitates before hitting play. That Dean is a fantasy. He doesn’t exist anywhere but in Cas’s imagination. The blueprint existed once, maybe, but you’d have to trace back before Chuck wanted his perfect weapon, before the Mark sloughed off everything that wasn’t sharp and cruel.
He’s not sure he breathes the entire way there.
“I’ll talk to him,” Dean says, before Sam can suggest it. “It wasn’t his fault.”
Luckily, their shock doesn’t stop them from doing their jobs. Claire and Kaia are closing the door to Baby and moving to lean on the Volvo, so Dean just says a long, drawn-out “yup” as he slides into the driver’s seat.
“I’m not sure I understand.”
Dean was in charge of Cas's cultural education, after all. Led Zeppelin is sometimes the only good thing about being human. Cas deserved some sweet tunes. That's it.
Grabbing the walkman, he slams his headphones on as he sits at the desk. He's clearly gone insane already. What could possibly make it worse?
“I’m —” he starts. Unwilling to turn his face, desperately trying to keep his voice level. It comes out rough and breathless. He starts again “I’m —” I’m fine. He’s fine.
It was a good hunt — one where no one but the monster got hurt. Dean is smiling when he teeters into his motel room and swings the door around behind him.
carefully cradles
She smiles and takes off for the open road.
“Woah, woah. Hold on.” Dean says, coughing, because he needs a hot second. Just a quick 2 seconds.
Dean’s hand reaches out on autopilot and pauses the tape. He climbs out of the car and walks into the craft shop, pulling the lyrics apart in his head.
By the look of surprise on the girls’ faces, this is news to them.
He’s also saying, “You can’t argue with me, because I see you. I know who you are, and you can’t claim that I don’t.”
‘Eileen is the fucking best,’ Dean thinks, and finds himself signing “You” “best” at the same time without so much as a conscious thought. Eileen smirks, and they retreat into silence for a few minutes as Dean shovels cold eggs and coffee into his mouth. Nerd squad has started talking about magic, which is when Dean normally has to intervene. Left to their own devices, Cas and Sam would come up with an experimental form of magic and use it right there in the bunker, but the conversation sounds safely theoretical for now, and Sam seems…
Eileen closes her eyes. She anchors herself to the ground, letting her limbs sink with the heavy knowledge that a hit is coming.
“So, how can you give me an affectionate nickname?”
Both men carefully talk around their father, who by rights should be a part of the story of Sam attempting to sneak a dog home in his backpack, but Eileen doesn’t comment on it. Eileen knows the story, but the way Dean tells it still leaves her in stitches.
“Pretty much.” He slices himself some lasagna
Her phone buzzes almost immediately. “I miss you, too” followed by a bathtub emoji — it’s something of an inside joke for them. A personal kind of kiss.
Dean, who learned his mistake last time the gang played Scrabble (another game that has been banned from game night, the list ever growing), stays the fuck out of it.
Patience is looking at Dean when she says, “She’ll be back in 13 minutes, and I’m sorry, but they didn’t have that beer you like at the shop.”
John Winchester did a lot of things, but he didn't raise a coward.
The song starts, and Dean thinks vaguely he may have heard it before. Then, the lyrics hit, and he's letting out an ugly snort because — really Cas?
Dean had simply frozen, then crumpled.
What is Dean going to do?
Dean had killed them all.
She pokes his shoulder as they start their approach to the house, and he apologises again for being overprotective. “I’m impressed,” he signs. “I had problems with dogs after my first run in with hellhounds.”
What would it be like, knowing they’re still out there, knowing that she has no way to hear them coming? Dean imagines knowing that it could happen again, knowing you’d be just as defenseless.
No. Cas doesn't think of it like that. Cas chose free will. He didn't choose Dean. He didn't fall for Dean. Hell, he didn't even fall. He's in his room doing God knows what because he's one hundred percent angeled up and probably doesn't need sleep. Maybe he chooses to sleep. He explained that he can choose to eat like humans now. Taste the food. He complimented the tomato soup Dean made when he figured out Cas's problem with tomatoes had been the texture.
15 listens in, and Dean sits staring at the thin white lines that litter his knuckles. He’s able to listen to the song and not think about the times his fists crashed into Castiel’s face. The ways his words slid between Castiel’s ribs.
Okay. That surprised him.
He wonders sometimes, if he’d put the bullet in Chuck’s head, if his next shot wouldn’t have been his own gray matter.
Dean has to tell Jack to go put Purple in his room so they can all have lunch, and Sam gives him a bitchface thats either “fuck you for this dumb cow” or “fuck you for agreeing to the name Purple because now I have a stuffed cow named Blue” or maybe just “fuck you.” However, Sam also barely waits for the nachos to cool before stuffing his face, so Dean knows he's forgiven.
The worst thing is that Dean has no one to blame but himself. He’s the one who couldn’t keep it together. He’s the one who showed Cas how pathetic he is: somehow both a child whining about monsters in the closet and the monster itself. Nothing redeemable in the middle, just crap that no one needs, a gun in his hand.
Dean grabs his walkman, but he’s distracted from playing it by the chime of the bat phone. Dean pretends to be someone high up in the FBI while he grabs a pile of books that Sam left on the library table and reshelves them so he can dust.
and realizes Fuck.
They had left a small section of Heaven that way though. Charlie liked it.
The song continues — gentle, kind even. The words are like a kiss, or a hug. A hand cupped gingerly around his cheek. Some painfully soft thing that nonetheless slides under Dean’s clothes, peeling off anti-possession tattoos and emptying him out inside. Hurts.
Dean would feel bad about it, but when Cas catches on, he gently taps his cards against the table once. Sam frowns at a hand that has suddenly become three times larger.
First, he walks into the kitchen to a mess made by Sam and Jack. They're evidently trying to make lattes, which seems stupid, and Dean has to spend 10 minutes cleaning the kitchen just to make it dirty again with breakfast. Cas flits in and out, not stopping to eat but grabbing one of the 8 weird latte creations on the counter. Then, Jack wants to learn how to shoot, so the three of them ditch the perfectly good gun range in the bunker to shoot cans in the field that stretches behind the bunker.
Dean had known a little sign before they met Eileen. He’d tried to learn some after they’d met Lucas, reminded suddenly of how easy it is for words to abandon you. It wasn’t an easy thing to learn on the road, so Dean hadn’t gotten far, but he’d been on the look out for books that might help. After Hell, he’d barely remembered it. He’d tried to get back into it during his year at Lisa’s, just in case Ben ever...
Son of a bitch.
But. Cas isn't human. Well, he's not human anymore. Sure, he'd had sex with April. Unbidden, Dean's mind pulls up Cas and a woman, in bed, and he spends another 10 seconds dragging his brain away from ascertaining if Cas had used his strength to pull his partner flush to him, to spread her out on a bed, to devour her…or if he'd let her set the pace, if he'd looked at her with wide blue eyes as she'd lowered herself onto him, and — goddammit.
Dean’s baking bread and making something that smells delicious, so Sam doesn’t push. Dean’s been cooking a lot recently. Sam’s not complaining, since he’s a great cook. Actually, he’s an amazing cook. Sam and Cas have a whole journal dedicated to his cooking experiments.
song.
It would be easy, he thinks, staring down at his plate, if Cas simply
? He went from fighting tooth and nail for his survival, for everyone's survival, and now he’s standing on a dock that he built, talking on his cellphone to an angel of the lord about the other baby angels he’s adopted to teach free will. He’s seen Cas stabbed, and human, and near death, but he panicked like a two year old getting their blanket washed while Cas is fully powered up, surrounded by siblings that love him. Dean realizes with a weird unsettling hiccup that there probably isn’t anything left strong enough to kill Cas, at least not without making some serious noise.
Eileen is in the car.
Dean blinks. So, Patience is at least becoming more comfortable with her gift. When they’d first met, she’d been petrified of it. Each month, she becomes more comfortable and more assured. Honestly, she reminds him more and more of Missouri — a take no shit attitude and slightly more knowledge than she
Tapping his foot to Blackpink, Dean thinks that maybe he doesn’t have to get it to find it beautiful.
Cas had chimed in and said, “It's also alright if you never understand this kind of love. There are many kinds of love.” Then, it was 5 minutes of Sam trying to explain asexuality to a kid for whom they'd all forgotten to explain sex.
Cas doesn’t pull the paper out right then, but he does make eye contact with Dean, probably drawn to his smug smirk. Dean winks. Cas blushes, just lightly, and Dean thinks, ‘Oh yes. We’re definitely going to kiss again.’
“You completely panicked, dude.”
A/N: Since last week's chapter was a little late, we're making today's post an early morning affair! For those of you who've been looking forward to more alternate POV's, we hope you enjoy some Saileen rights, as well as Dean's classic Horny And Mad About It antics :P
Dean does not disagree. Whatever works. Still, the grocery run is definitely on Dean.
Or, well, maybe this particular part of Dean doesn’t come from being broken.
“You’re going to regret that,” Isabelle hisses, gesturing at the Marid’s head where it drips on the counter. The air shifts. A flicker of fear seeps down Eileen’s spine.
“Even the last couple of days alone, man, you just…seem better.” Dean shrugs it off.
Sam feels something unfurl in his chest, but it catches. He remembers ‘If I didn’t know you, I would want to
She responds to goodbye texts from Dean, who left earlier in the morning to deal with the vampire nest, before getting sucked into Instagram reels just long enough for her coffee to go cold. She microwaves it while she packs up the room, tossing items around just long enough for her coffee to go cold once more.
, and now everyone’s on edge about Heaven stuff. It’s not like they didn’t fix it.
Dean runs through a mental litany of his own greatest hits and tries to find a way that could make sense.
They high five a lot. That’s how they greet each other now. It’s halfway between an inside joke and pure idiocy. Still, inside jokes — those are things you have with friends.
Cool girl, that Eileen. Weird as hell though. Suppose she’d have to be to date Sammy.
He goes back to looking for a hunt that actually makes sense for them to handle. He's cross-referencing a promising omen in Wichita when Cas wanders into the room with a “Hello, Dean.” Dean doesn't look up, offering a shrug and a noncommittal grunt.
Dean’s tired. He’s so tired.
He doesn't even have lungs anymore. He's just a flayed open chest and a shaking hand gripped tight around a coffee cup that should be a gun.
Dean thrashed awake that morning, unrested.
. He had smiled brilliantly and ran over to hug Sam, babbling about how he'd fixed Heaven, and how Michael and Adam could watch over it for a while, and how he was sure they'd come get him if he was needed. The stupid kid had even waved when he showed up. Waved and said, “It's me, Jack” — like the shape of his face and the curve of his shoulders weren’t seared into the back of Dean's eyelids. Like Dean isn't haunted in his sleep by the two angels he failed.
Cas is fine. Sam is fine. Everyone is safe.
Jokes on him, though. Eileen ends up loving the amulet, and she brings up the fact that it used to kill people constantly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, good. Wouldn’t want you to be not good.” Dean says, because who the fuck cares about words right now? Cas is blushing. Cas’s cheeks are dusted red, and his eyes are bright, and he’s smiling, and Dean is going to spend the rest of his life figuring out how to make that happen again.
And he's going to do it. Just as soon as he figures a way to put the squirming warm feeling in his chest away every time he thinks about the fact that Cas made him a fucking mix tape.
They used to gossip about Dean in Hell, said the Rack was waiting for his return. Eileen’s not positive what the Rack was, but it was only spoken of in hushed, reverent tones —  the kind that were never a good sign in Hell.
So, he sat with Jack and explained. To Dean, words are often just words. It’s his actions that matter. Saying “I love you” didn’t mean as much to Dean as something like the fishing trip or the driving lesson that Jack loved to talk about. Cas had rifled through the four days they’d been back and pulled out every instance of Dean’s affection for Jack, explaining as he laid them out before his son: cooking breakfast, planning a game night, teaching Jack how to dust, showing Jack how the record player worked, letting Jack brew the coffee (it tasted horrible, but Dean drank all of it with a smile).
or even
Claire, completely unfazed by Dean’s silent promise to extract vengeance at the next possible opportunity, eggs Cassie on with, “Oh, absolutely do that. Please do that.”
He looks out the window at the forests blurring by. Lets himself think about Jess baking, and Jess laughing, and Jess burning on the ceiling. Lets himself remember how the grief of that loss would have eaten him alive, but Dean hadn’t let it.
Eileen doesn’t even know how to begin her response. Affront at the accusation that she would cheat? Explain what being in an open relationship actually means? Point out the hypocrisy of Dean flirting with the waitress when he’s also in a relationship, but apparently she can't engage in the same?
“Oh, I get it!” Jack exclaimed and Dean wasn't listening. He was very interested in a stain he’d discovered. Probably going to need to bleach the counter. “It's like another love language!” and Dean snorted, because the kid was right, but also because the conversation where Jack had discovered love languages had been hilarious, as was the ensuing chaos.
Dean rips himself to wakefulness, desperate, gasping, and mercifully alone.
bleeds into
Dean lets out a short ugly laugh. Powerless, but alive. Maybe Chuck will understand what it means to be human after all.
, will always be too much. Too ugly, too violent, too dark. He remembers how he’d just lost Layla’s life for his, and how not even a month later, his father’s. He knows he can’t say “you were” to Cassie, even if it was true.
Dean’s not normally so blind to his own idiocy.
It's a love song. It's a fucking love song. And Cas knows that it's a love song, because Dean had explained it. Dean had said, “Sometimes you just want to touch someone so badly that every time you're not it feels like starving.” Castiel had responded by putting it on a mixtape labeled “For Dean”.
Dean makes something that must pass as a greeting and walks himself to the kitchen, supposedly to get a beer, but he just stands there for a second, chest heaving like he’d carried a million pounds and ran with it the whole way here. He needs to open the fridge because that's where the beer is. The beer that he’s at least 80% sure he said he’d grab.
The tape ticks over, dialogue starts, and Dean is too busy trying to figure out if Cas included a scene from a movie with an underscore to freak out about the lyrics. By the time the second pre-chorus comes on, Dean isn’t even panicked — he’s just confused.
Sam seems startled by the question, as though the many times he ran through this conversation didn’t prepare him for this as a possibility. Sam looks up, and his eyes are as big as saucers when he says, “I...I don’t know.”
and he shoves that thought as far away as he can. Locks it in a bar freezer in a corner of his mind.
Cas is magnetic, is the issue. Dean had been really good about locking those thoughts away and not touching them.
Dean’s good with change. He just doesn’t know how to get back to baseline. It’s not like he’s gonna throw Cas out of the bunker. ‘Again,’ his mind tacks on. He’s not gonna throw Cas out of the bunker,
Sam and Dean’s little “Hello, we’re Feds” thing is endlessly hilarious to Eileen, mostly because Sam is still a little uncomfortable with pretending to be a federal agent, but also because it's insane that it still works. There’s no denying that it's efficient, but then again, Eileen’s also never shown up on the FBI’s most wanted list. Eileen usually sticks with “nosy reporter” or “distraught friend of the deceased.”
Dean swallows his beer and grabs another, desperately letting the song pass because he needs to not have any thoughts about Castiel throwing him around by the time the two idiots return from Heaven.
drifts from Baby’s speakers. Dean's hands tighten on the steering wheel, and his heart keeps a carefully steady rhythm as the lyrics
It’s strange. Dean doesn’t seem to like fingerspelling much, preferring to talk around words he doesn’t know. He uses Brother for Sam and Angel Champion for Cas.
interrupts his thoughts
Content Warnings: nightmare sequence with some body horror. If you want to skip the section as a whole, proceed to after the "--" cut and begin with "Castiel sits across from Sam".
Then, Cas is turning away from the phone and saying, “Dean says that he thinks the purple magpies are a lovely idea,” because Cas is a literal son of a bitch, but also because Cas loves to mess with people by pretending to be a literal son of a bitch.
repeat, staring up at the night sky, marveling at how unlikely this ending was. Everyone is alive. Everyone is safe.
Dean finds his mind wandering as he walks past his own room to the library.
“Don’t I?” Dean says instead, molten iron cooling in his throat where tenderness should live.
Cas can’t fathom what Dean could have feared, but the certainty settles in his chest. Dean had been afraid of
Dean knows that he’d never approach Cas, because he doesn’t approach men — he doesn’t. Maybe Cas would see him across the bar though, lights low enough that Dean became something that he wants, and he would approach Dean instead. Cas can be relentless in pursuit of things that he’s after. Maybe, just maybe, Cas would decide that what he wanted was Dean. And Dean — Dean wouldn’t say no.
Sam just wants them to be happy.
“You tell Zad that I think purple magpies are delightful. When I die, he can put as many as he likes in my Heaven.”
Dean stares into the chili and frowns. Cas seems happy enough with the way things are, and it’s not like Dean’s going to start busting out something like
How fucked up is it that in a romantic mixtape for Dean, Cas includes a song about making yourself take the next step after someone dies?
She untangles herself from his arms, dabbing under her eyes like she’s correcting makeup she’s forgotten she’s not wearing. “Thanks,” she says with a watery smile.
Eileen glances at the black mutt bounding away, then back to Dean. She signs her question quickly, talking along. “Hellhounds are actually dogs?”
Maybe — maybe he never even loved Dean in the first place. I mean, most of their relationship took place in Chuck’s world. Maybe Chuck had messed with Cas’s programming, orchestrating a romance. Maybe Cas dying for Dean was another of Chuck’s horrible machinations, a vengeful God adding something good to the board so he’d have more to rip away.
“Zadkiel decided to follow a school of
The stand off had been tense. Alicia, confused and pleading, as Sam held the gun at her. Max standing damningly quiet beside her. Max had stared into Dean’s eyes, not even bothering to raise his weapon, as if he was fine to die like this. As if an extra year had been worth it.
Dean crying in his arms. Dean saying he didn’t need Cas. Dean kneeling in front of Cas. Dean saying he needed Cas.
He shoots Mackey a follow-up text telling him to let Dean know if he needs anything, earning a quick 10-4.
and his resultant hesitation takes him through
This is true. Dean is glad he’d left a batch in the kitchen that night, otherwise he’d never have gotten a chance to try them at all.
You make loving fun.
Altogether, Dean’s a little surprised when he looks up from doing the dishes and finds Eileen sitting on the counter regarding him. It’s just him in the kitchen, so Dean pulls his hands out of the sink, dries them on a towel, and turns to look at Eileen with a questioning gaze.
The music isn’t distracting enough, but if Dean can count on one thing, it’s that the mixtape itself will be. He fast forwards a bit, finding the end of a Better Son/Daughter. He lets it play out, while he grates cheese.
Claire squirms uncomfortably. Under the table Dean sees Kaia grab Claire's hand. Dean feels no sympathy.
For a second, Dean lets himself wonder what it’d be like if Cas didn’t. If Dean wasn’t too much
Benny, who hadn’t fit in Heaven, Hell, or Earth — just like Dean.
Fuck it. She has a few hours before Dean gets here. She can visit the first dump site. If Dean wants to see it himself, he can go on his own time.
He flips to the other paper, glimpses “9. You rise.” in Cas’s pencil-thin handwriting and ignores his shame to read “10. Your heart is good.” around the echo of
His bed felt too big.
Maybe Sam’s overthinking it. Something clearly happened between Patience and Dean last night, so it makes sense that Dean is a little on edge. Dean worries.
“Is that bothering you?” Dean’s mouth says, and his hand gestures at the sleeve that Cas is fiddling with.
This sends a laughing Jody into the room, and then she’s pushing him away from the sink and out of the kitchen.
It feels too personal. Too much like having his own ragged ticker pressed into polyester. He can’t bring himself to look at what Cas might have to say about it.
marches steadily towards
Dean is choking. Drowning — no he’s in his room. Choking. He’s —
Another male voice. Lighter than Sleeping At Last, but no less clear. The first line is
Kaia smothers a smile in her hands, while Claire splutters indignantly for a moment. Alex says something that sounds suspiciously like, “God, you idiots,” but it’s drowned out by Claire’s much louder, “How do you even KNOW about that show?”
Cas smiles and doesn’t step back. He just sort of stands in Dean’s bedroom, staring at Dean, smiling. He tilts his head to the side thoughtfully. “I always did have a cause, though. Hopefully he forgives that.”
“Dean, I’m Deaf, not blind.”
Cassie laughs, and brightly says, “Still a romantic, then?”
body, and Max got too drunk on a shot called Bazooka Joe, and uh… summoned it.”
So, he leaned his head against Cas's for a brief second. A last temptation, before he said, “Never,
Unseen to Sam, Cas unfurls all of his wings. They rest in a completely different plane of existence, but something about this thought experiment is making them feel cooped up.
Serendipitously, while Isabelle is stranded on the side of the road, Eileen is able to pull over to gloat — I mean, help her. It’s getting dark when Eileen steps out of the car to assist. Isabelle is finally out of her ridiculously oversized white sunglasses, which is how Eileen notices her own reflection upside down in Isabelle’s eyes.
Sam is giving him a weird look, and here’s how Dean knows his brain is completely melted: he has no idea what that look even means. Dean’s brain must be shredded to ribbons if he can’t figure Sammy out. Dean thinks maybe he’s waiting for something else, but Dean doesn’t have anything else he can say.
The walkman. It sits innocently on his pillow, where he'd tossed it after making the bed this morning. Dean stops and stares.
Hey, Dean’s not going to complain. Cas didn’t have to fix it, so he’s more than welcome to shatter it again. An endless cycle of making something whole to destroy it. Could be fun, Dean thinks, if it wasn’t such an obvious metaphor.
They haven’t...done anything. Dean’s had no idea how to give that to Cas, and Cas doesn’t seem to be asking. Definitely not asking the way other men who thought Dean was pretty had asked.
Maybe, if Dean gives Cas this — if he can make Cas happy, and if he can figure out how Cas started to think that Dean was worth all of this in the first place — maybe he can keep this one thing.
And Cas was there, too. Cas simply appeared at Jack's shoulder, gently frowning. Sam stuttered back out of the hug, instinctually attempting to jerk Jack behind him at the movement, but it's hard to move a nephilim (God?) if he doesn't want to be moved. Jack had looked chastised, which set off alarm bells in Dean's mind that he could barely register over his mind screaming at his body to move, to go over there, but he couldn't. He couldn't move — because the three of them were perfect, and Cas's frown was flipping into a smile, and Dean could swear — he could SWEAR — he saw black goo creeping into the edge of the room.
If someone so much as looks at Claire or Kaia wrong, he’s going to rip them apart with his bare hands.
Cas would put it on sometimes, when they were driving alone. It had been nice to watch him bob his head to familiar music. But it didn't mean anything. It was just, y’know, a friend educating another friend.
The timing has to be perfect. Two more feet, but there’s no reason to lie. “Honestly, not really. You kinda suck.”
He pops the tape in, shifts into drive, and pulls onto the open road.
At least that he can relate to.
He really had no one to blame when Castiel appeared in the kitchen 5 seconds later with 6 apples and a whole wheel of cheese from France (apparently). But it was so normal, so Cas, that Dean actually couldn't stop the way laughter bubbled out of him.
“Cleaning fee will probably be a bitch, but weirdly,” Eileen twirls a knife, “I don’t think it’s going to be a problem for you.”
while the song croons
Dean won. Dean and Sam won. Dean, Sam, Cas, and Jack — they won.
In my defense, heightening the suspense only increases the ultimate hilarity :P Also, apologies for the delay in posting! We are officially shifting to Saturday posts for the rest of Mix 3, as weekends are very helpful for revising. Enjoy! - Non
It’s not about her feelings. It’s about getting the job done.
“I’m not certain I believed, entirely, in love or in free will until that moment. You loved your brother so much, so completely, that you were able to reach him when he should have been completely gone. It wasn’t a grand gesture, it wasn’t a weapon or rage. You simply loved him enough that you would not abandon him. That love saved the world.”
Dean opens his eyes. He catches his reflection in the rearview mirror, but he averts his eyes. That Dean is a fantasy. Instead, there’s just the Dean whose anger drives teeth and knives into everyone around him, whose useless hands can shoot with deadly accuracy but can’t reach out, whose heart is shriveled in his chest.
Dean’s hand stalls out. This isn’t in English.
It's just a cool lyric, and the image of Cas exploding into particles is a memory he's tread on so many times it isn't even painful anymore. Even
Dean's almost distracted when the next song starts. He thinks it's another instrumental at first. It starts with an overture, but Dean's ready when the lyrics start, because now he gets what Cas is doing, just — pulling out moments from their lives and putting music to them.
Sam responds with a hesitant, “Alright?” fixing Cas with another look. “Well, okay. I guess it can wait.” Then, since being confusing is a Winchester family trait, Sam sits down at the table and starts flipping through a book.
Cas hadn’t known when he’d confessed how naming something allows it to grow.
It’s stupid. This is so stupid, Dean thinks, willing his hand to fucking move. He’s faced worse. He’s handled so much worse. He’d let Eve bite his neck without so much as flinching. He’d geared up to fight Michael after Michael. He’d faced Lucifer, and the Leviathans, and God himself.
“You have a wonderful laugh.”
and Cas said
Dean sucks in a breath. For a second, for just a fucking second, he’d forgotten.
There are maybe five of them scattered around the surface of the table. Little blue flowers with white insides. They’re very pretty. Soft, Dean finds, as soon as he works up the courage to touch one with the tip of his finger. They’re whimsically tossed on the table, like an afterthought, like one might stick a post-it note on a door after just missing someone.
Dean flips the card back over. Who is Nick Jonah Davis? Where did Cas find all this music, and why does The Peacock Dance make Cas think of him? Does it make Cas think of him? Is this a romantic mixtape, or does Cas just…like romantic songs?
It’s not working. Something about the song still bothers him.
Eileen’s a great hunter. Still, if it does turn out to be a pack of purebreds, she’s going to need backup. Backup Sam won’t be able to provide from his hippie retreat.
Dean pauses the music before he consciously registers moving.
Cas regards Dean like he’s seeing him for the first time and pauses. “Do you truly believe your life is worth so little?” like there is any answer to that other than yes.
Dean feels pressure build behind his eyes, finds himself blinking a bit more than he should. The song continues with
He goes to the actual gun range and empties a whole clip into the stupid paper target.
He can’t do this.
She catches him staring because she’s not blind and pops out one earbud to shoot him a questioning look.
Dean definitely didn’t have time to trawl bars last night: when Sam had gone to bed, he had been teaching Jack how to do sleight of hand tricks while Cas smiled over at them.
He wants to do things that make him happy. He wants someday to be able to say out loud that one of the things that makes him happy is Cas. He wants to take Jack fishing. He wants to see who Sammy turns out to be.
On his second listen, Dean finds the song much nicer. It’s sweet, even. Dean finds himself tapping the rhythm out on his thigh with his fingers.
“Right! Well, Castiel and I talked, and I wanted to be here, and he wanted to be here. Here is what makes us happy."
“Dying for someone isn’t romantic,” Dean asserts. It would be just his luck to finally get a decent boyfriend and have said boyfriend kill himself because he misinterpreted what counts as an appropriate anniversary gift.
Dean’s love is a dying thing, is what that means, and it’s not like Dean doesn’t know that. Dean’s love is good for dying. But Cas won’t let him do that. Cas is never going to stay — death will take him, or he’ll leave — and Dean can’t do anything about that. Nothing Dean says is going to make a difference. Why even say anything at all? He can’t change it either way.
Dean looks at his bedside and decides pants are the most important. He can take them off later.
“Could you really move a mountain?”
Distantly, he hears music. No.
So, Dean's hand sort of…stuttered out. God, it was even shaking a bit, but hopefully no one could see, because Cas had said goodbye. Cas had said goodbye forever, but he was here, right here in front of them. Dean's hand squeezed around Cas's bicep like it would make him more real. It didn't help, because somehow Cas's smile became impossibly wild, and Dean couldn't look at that and think he was NOT dreaming.
Michael darted out of nowhere when they crossed the threshold into Heaven, crashing into Cas with a hearty laugh, insisting that next year would see him in the finals. Laughter and chatter echoed across angel radio. Cas beamed at the joy mirrored across the faces of his brothers and his son.
He thinks about Patience and what Patience couldn’t make herself say. If he wasn’t bad, then why couldn’t his father accept him? Why didn’t his father love him?
It might not even be a monster. Maybe this is just a very weird serial killer. Eileen has no idea what's going on, but she and Dean are the only people looking into it, so she’s going to find out. It would serve Sam right, though, if it was a serial killer. Dean and Eileen would brag forever.
It also doesn’t take too kindly to Eileen decapitating it, but Eileen is okay with that. The Marid’s opinion is hardly important to her.
He’s obviously not thinking straight, so he mistakenly reads thirteen, even though he hasn’t listened to it yet.
He can’t look away from the rippling water.
Dean thinks of Cas saying, “Well, I can go with you,” 100 different times, in a 100 different ways. He thinks of all the different ways that's gotten Cas killed.
“No. You can’t.” Dean knows it hits as Cas shifts his posture, because Cas has left the building. It is Castiel, Seraphim of the Day, Shield of Heaven, brilliant rage and golden fire, who responds to Dean’s unnecessary anger. His eyes flash a bright blue that outshines the grace of Heaven itself.
Sam has a problem.
. His baseline. His most mediocre. Cas knows Dean. Cas doesn’t just know the face Dean puts on for most of the world: he knows
Liliana doesn’t count.
Cas is still frustrated and annoyed, but the emotions stop crowding him as soon as Dean is out of the room. He resigns himself to worry. “Will they be alright?” Jack had discovered Monster Energy at a bodega a few weeks ago and had decided that it’d be cooler if Heaven operated like a bouncy castle. It’d taken Cas a whole hour to get the gravity back to right.
Dean releases a drawn-out, “Okay?” Sam regards him curiously. Waiting.
Cas shrugs, fury abating to a weary sort of amusement. “I often don’t do what I’m told.”
Dean is nearly 40, with a job he's getting too old for, a kid brother he's too dumb for, and a body that's too broken for anything but cutting off heads.
“I’m here.” Cas says, sliding around like he could draw Dean’s eyes towards him. Dean doesn’t want Cas to see, doesn’t want to see his own reflection in Cas’s crystal clear blues. When Cas shifts, with his right hand still curled around Dean’s left shoulder, Dean collapses, half into Cas, half into Baby. He lets Cas guide them down, buries himself in Cas’s chest.
“Oh! I understand it,” Dean shares a brief second of eye contact with Cas, before taking a sip of his beer. “The nickname for me is an extension of your affection for Castiel.”
“Woah. Hey. I’m sure your Dad loves you.” Patience’s hands tighten on her cup, nearly audible in their tension.
Dean is so truly fucked.
Cas had known the meaning of heartbreak before. He’d watched Chuck take Jack from them. He’d watched Dean march off to die. Even so, he had never felt such a physical shattering before that moment. Not until Jack, curled up miserably, looked at him with tear-stained eyes and asserted that Dean hated him.
“Oh boy, Dean. Your life is just a mess, isn’t it?” Claire is smiling evilly, and Dean consoles himself with the fact that the books are not in print anymore and just not that popular. She probably won’t be able to find a copy. Probably.
He’d died. He’d probably died a hundred times at this point, but he got up. He got up, and he kept fighting, because someone had to.
Dean rewinds the song.
Dean stares down, unhooking the walkman from his belt to turn it over in his hands.
Dean decides that’s a good enough understanding of the song. Of course Castiel would be drawn to songs about choices, songs about free will. He gave up his life, multiple times, in defence of choice and free will. It's just a song that Castiel likes and he put it on the mixtape. No further reason to pull it apart.
“If I have any say in it, you will not die for a very long time.” Cas says, with all the gravity of someone who has already died so you can live more than once. Which is to say, deadly serious and impossible to argue with.
“I would not lie to the angels, Dean.” Cas’s face smooths out as he switches from confusion, through sadness and into simply regarding Dean. “I do not lie to the angels about you, Dean.”
“Your signing is pretty good,” Eileen says, signing along. Dean snorts a laugh, because he knows talking to him in sign is probably a bit like talking to a foul-mouthed toddler for Eileen. She’s slow and careful in all her signs, which Dean appreciates, but he doubts it’s fun for her.
Finally able to check out, she slides her sunglasses on and sits in the driver's seat of her car, ready to get on the road.
A/N: EILEEN MY BELOVED. Hopefully the central presence of THEE hunter queen makes up for a late evening post - Non<3
“Not unless you want to,” Dean smirks. “No trouble in the diner except that they burned the bacon.”
“Is there a reason we’re all standing outside like morons when there are perfectly good couches inside?” Alex chimes in before Dean has to decide if Patience’s statement warrants more of a reaction.
She flicks it open. The first text is from Dean: “Knock Knock.”
Four words slam realization directly into Dean’s gut. Jack's been walking around with a tangle in his chest labeled
“4. Rhumba for Peregrine by Mike Dillon.” Dean blinks. The song picks up a bit and Dean finds himself absently tapping a foot along. Okay, better than elevator music.
The second is also from Dean, and says the same. So does the third text that arrives as she’s staring down at the screen in confusion.
Safely, in his own head, he lets himself accept that. He didn’t want to. Hell, he never wants to, but he did get back up. Again and again.
Sure enough, Claire greets him with massive sunglasses and a frown. She’s so hungover that she doesn’t even grumble when Dean hands over the t-shirts to her and Kaia. She happily and somewhat blearily slides it over her outfit, creating a hilarious medley of grunge and flannel and Power Puff.
Dean’s mind was a mess, the prayer opened and never closed. Misery, anguish, grief poured out in sharp rivulets. Cas had felt his own tears wet his face at their depth. He put his hand in Dean’s soft hair and pulled him closer, letting Dean’s soul spill out of him and onto them both, as if that would allow Cas to lift some of its heaviness.
Dean had tried, is the thing. Dean had tried to push Cas out of his life. He had let his anger fester between them, the only force strong enough to excise the part of him that desperately and pathetically wanted Cas around. It had almost worked. Almost.
Content Warning: references to Dean's time in Hell, Dean's ongoing rumination on his own monstrosity
Okay, Eileen could see how this maybe fell through the cracks. Really, it’s a miracle that Sam turned out so well-socialized.
He falls asleep with the vague thought that all he needs to do is buy himself time.
He isn’t interested in being the target of Dean’s anger when he doesn’t deserve it, but that doesn’t mean he wants to cordon off Dean’s ability to be angry around him. Dean’s anger is a beautiful, incendiary thing. Dean’s anger pushes him from dark corners into the light. Dean’s anger is the part of him that stands up to defy injustice and pain. Dean’s anger may be the only part of Dean who thinks he deserves better.
Basically, Dean likes both. Apparently that’s normal. Eileen likes both, and Eileen is the coolest person they know. In retrospect, it’s extremely likely that Rhonda had liked both. Maybe Dean isn’t broken.
Once he’s within eyesight, she signs, “Nice shot.”
He doesn't think about Cas walking into the lake. He doesn't think about the river in Purgatory, and he doesn't, he especially doesn't think of the black goo sliding down Cas's body like a loving caress.
He barely hears
. Life isn't Mamma Mia though, and there isn't a convenient musical number to help him confess, nor is there a happy ending waiting for him, so he doesn't say anything either. He reaches across the couch and squeezes Cas's left bicep like that's a replacement for everything he wants to say, and the soft smile Cas gives him after almost makes it seem like it is.
Not that there is anything to blame Sam for. Because nothing is wrong. Dean is fine. Cas is fine. And he's here. Which is amazing. Jack is here, too, which Dean never would have thought possible.
because only someone like Castiel can just
His curiosity stays him. Dean’s had way more than 9 lives. Curiosity can take its best shot.
Dean’s gaze is steady. “Being psychic isn’t all that you are.”
Dean, who has been to exactly one concert in his life that wasn’t for a case, feels a strange thrill in his spine as they head out.
Cas is in a male vessel, which might be a problem — sexual compatibility may not be a requisite for romantic love, but it’s probably important to Dean. The thing is, Sam’s pretty sure Dean
Jack's face crumples for a second, and then his hand is sliding off Dean's bicep and around his neck as he leverages Dean into the world's most awkward hug, take 2. He mumbles a soft “okay” before laying back and settling on the bed.
He listens to
He feels anger bubbling out of his skin, spreading and dissipating into the cool air of his room. His right hand twitches with Castiel's grace.
Dean can’t really imagine it, but he could understand it. If Cas wanted his body. If it was Cas’s rough hands holding him down, if Cas was just chasing some kind of release, and Dean was a convenient body.
The speakers croon
But Dean can’t. He can’t make this about himself. He can’t show Cas the jagged, imperfect thing that is his longing, his want, his love. But he also can’t have Cas thinking it’s okay. He has a chance right now to stop this happening again, and he has to take it. He has to find a way to take it. He seizes on the one thing that he knows Cas puts first — above everything, above Dean.
It’s just —
Dean can’t even help a crying girl. All he did was give her a place to hide.
Dean sighs wearily: the sound of a man who has realized that Castiel is going to kill him and has accepted his fate. Dean's watched Castiel slam demons down for daring to breathe wrong, and — nope, whoops, that's not supposed to be sexy.
Cas has already seen him at his worst, already chosen to love him, knowing full well what he is. Sam won’t give up on him just because he’s weak. Jack just wants his approval and love. He’s saved the world once or twice. He can make himself into the person his family thinks he is.
. He sloughs off the anxiety, the confusion, and everything else to focus on what's in front of him.
Dean looks out at the lake, where Patience and Kaia are facing Claire and Alex in a rousing game of Chicken while Donna laughs so hard she may honestly be taking in water.
Instead, he squeezes Cas's bicep and says, “Thank you.” Cas's eyes twinkle.
that was you!” It’s said with a laugh and a smile, and Dean looks over even though he doesn’t need a visual to know who it is.
Eileen shifts, unselfconscious in the passenger seat, fingers pausing. He knows she’s just found the army man crammed in the ashtray, so he keeps his posture light and his eyes forward. Sure enough, her eyes dart to him seconds later, so he looks back and gives her a wry grin. She smirks, continuing her exploration, bolder now that Dean’s all but given her permission.
He holds the walkman in his left hand, and the coffee in his right, and sits at the table. 3 days, 7 heart attacks, and the full awareness of how much Castiel loves him has brought Dean full circle to the kitchen table. 4:30 in the afternoon, instead of 4:30 in the morning. The terror of having listened to the whole tape, instead of the terror of having listened to none of it.
makes him smile instead of reminding him that Cas fell for him.
Eileen’s not a coward, and she’s not going to back down. She texts Dean a brief “I’ll ride with you, 3 minutes.” before gathering her stuff. If Dean’s not going to make room for her in The Life of Winchester, Eileen will carve it out herself.
“Can I show you something?” he offers, once Jack's breathing returns to normal. Jack's curiosity appears to conquer his desire to stab an emotional knife into Dean's chest because he reproduces Cas's exact quizzical head tilt and says “Sure?” in a voice that's all Jack.
Wait, what? Dean, who was pretty new to accepting the fact that Castiel is in love with him, falters. He barely reigns in a flinch. “Oh. So, you...don’t, uhm.”
“I’m not kidding, Cas. Never do that again.”
“Fuck you.” Not that.
Cas enters a room, offering Dean the same smile he’s always given, and Dean is a raw nerve of ‘oh god he knows, he saw, he knows.’ Dean doesn’t know what he’s allowed to say, how to apologise, how to thank Cas. He doesn’t know how to fix anything.
“Yeah, man. Dean is like the king of made up games. I had a lot of energy as a kid, and we spent a lot of time cooped up in motel rooms.” Sam smiles to himself, comfortably in a fond memory. “They’ll be fine.”
It’s possible he blows a red light, just a little.
“That’s awful,” Sam says, but it’s half-hearted. Dean’s
Dean’s thought about it. My God, has Dean thought about it — but that’s nothing new. Sure, maybe he’s been looking at those thoughts more directly recently, but he’s not so dumb as to pretend they weren’t there before.
He looks into his half drained mug. Okay, he hasn’t had MUCH coffee yet.
The girls descend like the hungry beasts they are, all variously chatting about nothing. They apparently have some kind of funny story involving Claire, a bunny, and an unsuspecting hiker, but Dean can’t quite follow it with the way everyone talks in overlapping voices.
Dean can’t even look at Cas’s true form without burning alive.
He rewinds it to listen again. He's not even upset when he realises the first line is
“Fuck off.” He starts, because it’s a strong start. He slams the last two glasses back to the table. “You’ve literally eaten my cooking before.” He adds, because she has. “Hell, you basically single-handedly ate all the wings from last game night.”
Castiel has the good grace to pretend to consider that. “You could no sooner change my love for you than I could will myself to stop. It is as much a part of who I am as my grace. It could be separated from me, but it will always, inexorably, be mine.”
But Dean being
time?”
The situation is that he’s having fun. This hunt was good. Rewarding, in its way.
and Dean is rewinding again.
Dean flexes his hands a few times, just to prove to himself he can. This is —
Dean thinks.
This is hopeless. Dean was never going to be the kind of person Cas should love.
“You have a type, I see.”
Because Cas didn't want that. He's in love with Dean, but he didn't want Dean. That's the only reason Dean could think of to not tell him sooner. To never plan to tell him.
“So, how did you two meet then? On a job?” And Dean is too busy smirking at Claire and Kaia’s nonplussed reaction to Cassie’s non-reaction that he just fucking says, “Oh, he pulled me out of Hell.”
“Eliam is very pleased to be the older sibling, and thanks you for this charge.” Castiel says. “I am myself pleased with how well you received my brother. You handled yourself very well.” A beat. “It was nice, what you said to Zadkiel.”
Okay.
“What? Cas, I don’t need a mountain moved.” Cas finds himself strangely disappointed by this. He hasn’t had a reason to truly flex his wings since he got them back. He thinks through the garrison. Perhaps he should teach them some aerial combat. There are no threats, but it doesn’t hurt to be in practice. Eliam in particular might enjoy it. Jack hasn’t done much flying. Cas will take him next time they’re both free.
Sam wants to go. It’s just — he sneaks another look at Dean, sitting across from him at the library table, fiddling with some car part that Sam can’t be bothered to identify, walkman headphones around his neck.
Normally, inactivity sits poorly on Dean. For once though, he’s so completely shocked by the lack of anything looming over him that he can’t even be upset about being useless. For once, he’s not useless. There’s just actually nothing to do.
Well, he’s not sure how to tell Dean.
The shame that rests heavy in his chest isn’t because he was resilient. It’s because he doesn’t want to be.
Dean repeats the song because he still has five hours to Jody’s cabin, and that's plenty of time to listen to 18 songs.
Dean pauses the song.
He pushes the lasagna forward towards the girls. “You know you’re warded, right? Like, the angels don’t know where you are, unless you tell them.” Cas had warded Claire when she was 6 and he had discovered that the angels were not always the good guys. Jack had warded the others as part of a game of Sardines, which is another game that had been banned from the bunker.
With Sam.
No, Jack had simply...appeared in the bunker as Sammy and Dean were coming back from some shitty hunt that Dean can't even remember right now because the coffee is
Eileen’s hackles raise before she viciously pushes them back down. Dean’s not homophobic. He’s not bi-phobic. He’s literally bi. Maybe he’s one of those ‘different rules for girls and guys’ types.
None of this is the problem. This is the third mixtape that Cas has given him, and Dean is good at rolling with the punches. He can adjust to new circumstances. Dean is good with change. Hates it, but he’s good with it.
Just one song. Cas’s angular handwriting taunts him with “Tus Pies (Your Feet) - Nahko And Medicine For The People”
“Your insistence that you’re not worthy of respect is by far your worst character trait, Dean.” Which, rude. Also, Dean can think of several other significantly worse things. “The angels are naturally curious about you and Sam — some have faced you in combat, others have read the gospels. Some of the newer ones feel that they owe you their lives. They know that Jack and I remodeled heaven with your happiness in mind. Perhaps this is my own bias coming through — when I seek to explain humanity to them, I often default to you.”
enough hobby. Eileen knows Dean tested out of high school early and was socialized almost exclusively by hunters, old friends of John, and the television.
Back to his headboard, Dean resolves to listen to the rest of the mixtape. Give Cas a better review than a stuttered “thank you” and put this whole thing behind them.
For nothing. For Chuck's sick game. For the Winchesters’ failures.
By the time Blackpink comes on, Baby is covered in soap suds and Dean’s hands almost feel clean.
“She’s way too good for you.”
“Could be a purebred,” Dean hedges, but it doesn’t feel quite right. Even if it was a purebred, that’s a lot of feeding. “Maybe a pack?” He’d have to look at the bodies if he really wanted to know.
“What about a continent?”
over the music without freaking out, and he's even able to smile about it by the time Left Hand Free comes on.
The script won’t allow it.
She can be herself with Sam because he understands her. She can be herself with Cas because he speaks her language. They somehow became her closest friends in the universe.
Wait, does Cas think Dean’s arrogant? Can arrogance be
Aswangs are annoying. The only way to kill them is by hitting a specific spot on the small of their backs, and Dean and Eileen both wrinkle their noses at attacking an open back. It may be stupid, but still — Eileen doesn’t enjoy it. It’s also clear that Dean is not thrilled about doing this hidden and at range. There’s something a little wrong about killing that way, even when it’s the only way.
Liliana had been a terrible parent in some ways, but she’d been very accepting of who Eileen was. She didn’t care much one way or the other, so long as it didn’t interfere with hunting.
Fuck, what does Sam think? Does Sam know? Did Cas and Sam talk about it? Is Dean going to have to tell Sam? Is Sam going to be angry?
It’s not that he wants Claire and Kaia to like Cassie. It's just that he feels like Cassie deserves Claire and Kaia to like her. Cassie’s great.
Sam looks contrite. He seems to have found a stray thread at the corner of Dean’s bed and is working it between his fingers. “I dunno. A couple of weeks.”
The song feels like staring at Sam’s body in that shitty house in Cold Oak. It feels like folding onto the store room floor for hours before trying to stand.
He knows this one. At
Dean grips the coffee cup like a lifeline. He's going insane. Castiel is driving him insane.
He tries to figure out how he could be giving Cas what he wants, and he comes up with nothing. The song goes on to its end, sings out
Jody takes a tentative step forward. Dean tries to fake a voice to make himself sound less broken.
Dean snatches her into a hug like he could smother that thought out of her.
Cas looks down again at his hand. He thinks of Dean batting it away, a wild look in his eyes. Perhaps, and he settles in the misery of it, perhaps Dean had been afraid of him. It had only been the two of them in that field, and unless Dean had developed a sudden aversion to wildflowers and grass, Cas was the only thing there to fear. It’s an absurd thought, but Cas has no other explanation.
He listens to it once through and can barely make it out through the roaring white in his head.
Dean worries that he may actually be getting a bit of a sunburn as he feels growing heat on his cheeks, so he grabs the walkman and stuffs it in his pocket as he retreats to the shade.
Right?
Dean swallows air, gulping oxygen. It’s not working quite right. Dead air sticks in his chest. Stiff fingers around his heart. Steel hook in his shoulder. Stagnant nothing in his —
If the first mixtape taught him anything though, it’s that Cas loves him. Dean knew that, he really did. Somewhere between Cas leaving him forever, Cas coming back, and 18 little songs piping out of his headphones, he’d actually come to accept it.
“Claire showed them to me.” Dean smiles at Kaia over the rim of his coffee mug, just an encouragement so she knows she can keep talking if she wants to. “I actually was gonna take Claire to their concert tonight, but Jody had a surprise work thing and Donna has to be back in Stillwater by 9 AM tomorrow, so I don’t think Claire will have fun if we go now. ”
The ritual worked though. Alicia came to, twigs transmuted to flesh and blood, blinking away confusion.
Cas thinks Dean is a little shit.
Oh dear.
Dean had gathered Jack’s departure and Cas’s death, transforming them into a happy ending for Sam. Dean made himself live again because Sam had asked him to, casually leaving his own happiness out of the equation.
Try loving him, Jimmy.
Dean had been miserable. It was like his mask lay splintered across Cas’s chest, so Dean had pulled anger over — over something. Cas sometimes feels like he knows every nook and cranny of Dean’s heart, but other times, Dean is an incomprehensible tangle of features and feelings.
“You’re my brother,” he chokes out. “And I love you.” Sam’s face reorients with concern. Great, Winchester. You tell your brother you love him so rarely that he immediately assumes something is horribly wrong when you do.
He can hunt Chuck down and finish the job.
If only there were two —
Well, it’d been something to do with his hands when not at work. But again, just out of books and a smattering of videos. When they met Eileen, Dean started trying again. Once Cas had come back and Dean had seen him signing fluently, he’d seized the opportunity. His learning went significantly faster with an actual teacher, and Cas had put away 2 hours every Tuesday and Thursday to work with him on something that Dean should probably be able to figure out alone anyway. Still, it was nice, and Cas didn’t seem to mind. He seemed to find it an interesting exercise, since he knows every language without consciously thinking about that knowledge.
He calls Castiel.
He thinks about maybe bringing a grill out here. He thinks about fish tacos. He thinks
And he learned sign language for her.
Look, it's not even 9 o’clock. He's old, but he's not that old. He can't go to bed yet.
Dean hadn’t been able to handle the idea of Cas being dragged off to whatever Hell Eve had for him with the belief that Dean was angry with him.
Cas saved Dean’s life, and Dean left him to rot, too useless to do anything but hunt down the monster that trapped Cas there.
Being the focus of that love — letting it press into his lips, seep into his skin — Cas had never experienced anything comparable to it. How does one keep steady in such a torrent?
Dean feels his entire face.
It’s a sure sign that Cas didn't actually retire to his bed last night, but instead engaged in his nighttime ritual of “observing humanity,” which actually entails flitting off to whatever insane market compels him.
After everything, they had climbed in their car and driven home. Sure, Dean had been somber, but things had been insane. The strangest thing for a while was the way Dean had been perfectly fine. He’d made jokes. Hell, he’d even agreed to build Jody a dock while they were coordinating, just three days after everything went down.
The angels spread across Heaven in merriment, Mariel asking Indra if he would help her train, Eliam and Zadkiel playing tag, and Cas smiling at Jack, whose own wings were fluffing up in his desire to let loose. After only a slight nudge, Jack, Michael, and a small army of angels were testing who could dive with the most accuracy. Even Naomi joined in with wry (and frankly hilarious) commentary as she and Purah devised a judging system. Asariel appointed themselves as the Russian judge, holding up a sign with 5.4 blazoned across it regardless of the skill displayed.
Dean hadn’t minded being the monster that he was when it meant that he was strong enough to put down greater evils. These days, the fact that he put that gun down is sometimes his only reminder that he has a chance to change.
He thinks about stopping gods, denying archangels, throwing apocalypses out the window. He thinks about Sam, who turned out 600 times better than Dean, who’s still the best thing Dean ever saved.
Cas stopped speaking, and looked at where Dean's hand curled around his trenchcoat — which made sense. It's the sort of gesture that intimates a desire to speak — but Dean didn't have anything to say, he just wanted Cas to stop talking. He just wanted.
Dean, at least, has the decency to wait until Cas is all the way down the hall before he starts laughing.
The song ends. Parting ways with Eileen had upped the gravity in his room, and he realises it’s not the hunt that’s bothering him, but the hollowness that follows: the oppressively ugly and peeling wallpaper, the bed that’s too big and too lumpy, the pressured silence of empty air.
“What the fuck, Cas?” The creeping horror of Cas having seen him so pathetic, so broken, curls over his shoulders.
“It’s just — I get why you didn’t want me hunting. I even get why dad wanted me to try to shut down my powers at the beginning. Hunting is…nuts. It’s crazy, and it’s so dangerous, and it’s not really the life I would have chosen for myself, I don’t think.”
Dean had snapped. Just once, just one time, he’d wanted something better. He wanted someone out there to have better luck than the Winchesters. It was a world free of Chuck: why couldn’t just one fucking person have a happy ending? Why shouldn’t the twins get a chance to be okay?
Cas forgave Dean when Dean did the same.
Cas, who loves him, who Dean loves, who Dean destroyed over and over again.
“If making Dean realise how much he matters was just about loving him…” Sam trails off, pain holding his tongue. Cas immediately realises what he’s leaving unsaid.
In the morning, his shoulder wakes him with a heavy twinge to let him know that it objects to the motel bed mattress, but he consoles himself with the knowledge that Claire is going to be having a much much worse morning.
That's the thing, isn’t it? Dean really can’t. Cas knows him. Cas has seen him at his worst. Beyond that, Cas has seen him at his
He listens and listens, and tries to imagine a version of himself that could possibly make this true. Dean tries, desperately, to see himself through Cas's eyes. Wants to grab this imaginary version of Dean that Cas envisions. Maybe if he can just see it, he can fake it. Maybe if he tries really, really hard, Cas won't remember that from the moment Cas found him, Dean has been neck deep in the misery he's created for other people.
over his body rending apart.
He gets behind the next song, and the song after that. Keeping Claire and Kaia in his eyeline, he’s soon winding his way to the merch table. They're selling vinyl records, which implies good taste, but they also have a shirt featuring the Powerpuff Girls, which implies weird taste. He buys two of the Powerpuff ones for Claire and Kaia because he knows it’ll make them laugh, and then he catches a black shirt that sports a coffin and says “Let It Bury Me.” He buys that immediately, because he knows Sam will make a hilarious face when he catches Dean wearing it.
He stares at his hands, spreading them out on the counter like that could help.
Dean scrambles and heaves himself upwards, turning away as quickly as he can. Cas can’t see. Cas can’t see him like this. No one can know. He turns his face away.
As always, his heart is shattering, and the universe doesn’t care. A gentle breeze ripples over the field, flowers swaying softly to music that Dean can’t hear.
Dean pauses the song. Drinks the rest of the glass. Realizes this is his third glass, and he doesn’t want to get blackout drunk alone in Jody’s cabin when the kids might return at any moment. Considers switching back to beer, and then just gets water.
He listens to
He ripped Jack apart for using a gun the same way Dean does.
He listens to the song with his mind blank, and then he restarts it.
Things had been a little better after that. Dean was still quietly miserable, but he wasn’t taking stupid risks. Plus, he hid it less. He still refused to talk about Jack or Cas, but at least for a while, they’d been miserable together.
Sam, who never had to earn that from Dean. He was just a kid, and he was Dean’s little brother.
“I should, uhm...check on Jack,” Cas says.
The real question is, what is he going to do about it?
Is this some kind of test? Is this some sort of weird, brotherly version of meeting the parents? Is this a threat of some kind?
He can’t look at Cas right now and say that he forgets half his reasons for living every time Cas goes. He can’t explain how, the last time, he had slipped right past depressed and grieving, careening into emptiness right alongside Cas. Like Dean’s whole heart had gone with him, sleeping in that inky black nothingness. He can’t let Cas know about tying the curtains around his body and wondering whether or not there was going to be enough left of Dean for Sam to bury. He can’t let Cas know about spreading his ashes and wondering if he could decompose in that field, too. He’d left Baby running because some part of him had known that if he parked her there, he’d lay down and never get back up again. He can’t let Cas know how much it had destroyed him to lose Cas, to not be able to save Cas, to have never had Cas in any real way, to know that he didn’t have a right to how much he couldn’t function without Cas.
“Given how you feel,” Sam begins. He’s giving Cas the eyebrows that indicate he is speaking lightly about something that makes him wish to speak heavily. “You should know that Dean...Dean always looked out for me, right? Even in ways I didn’t understand. Even in ways I still don’t, I think. I feel like I’m always discovering new hits that Dean took for me, and I know I noticed too late, I didn’t — I know. Dean didn’t have anyone who did that for him, not —” he looks up, giving Cas a surprised smile “— not till now.”
That’s...not the sign for thirsty.
Dean’s sure Sam is way better at it than him, but he figures he knows enough to make things a little easier on Eileen.
Dean is a marvel to him, beauty made massive in its contradictions. Dean’s heart folds in on itself, wraps itself around bruised parts, exposing delicate flesh to protect tiny pieces of the others he holds within himself, clinging desperately to those that he loves.
Instead, he says, “I do lots of things you don't know about, like doing dishes, apparently,” and throws Sammy an aggrieved look.
Sam didn’t even know Dean knew what shakshuka was.
Dean’s phone buzzes and he lunges at the distraction, pulling it out as quickly as possible.
Naomi had erased her from Cas’s mind. Her, and dozens of others. Restored now, in grace and memory, Cas inspects a lesson he learned twice. Love is not about knowing. It’s not even always about understanding. It’s about accepting.
Content Warnings at the end.
But this — this soft ministration, this gentle attention to Dean’s pain. This blind faith. Dean is buckling, breaking.
‘Hey, can I —’ no, wait. Probably better to go with ‘hey, I’m gonna —’ no, wait. He has to let her know she can say no.
And then Jack is saying “Chocolate chips!” and everyone says “No!” because Jack really, truly shouldn't have that much sugar early in the morning, and the morning eases into business as usual. Dean makes a batch of chocolate chip pancakes anyway, since Sam sets them out. They're equally weak in the face of Jack's pout.
Dean chokes on coffee. Kaia’s hand flies to her mouth, but Dean doesn’t know if she’s hiding a gasp or a laugh.
“Dean? Are you alright?” Cas says, his blue eyes never leaving Dean’s, like if he stares hard enough, he can do something before the black slides over them completely.
He feels old and angry.
, again, with feeling.
Dean ferreted a few things away, so Sam will probably keep finding items with eyes on them for weeks.
Right?
Dean frees half a breath. Sam’s at the bunker, safe, and probably eating all of Dean’s leftover chicken. Dean sees the time in the corner of his phone and wonders how many minutes he spent flailing around like a particularly idiotic baby.
. If he can do that for long enough, Sam will let him hang around the bunker after he’s set up his new life, and Cas will stay, and Dean won’t ruin Jack the way he ruins everyone else he touches.
He listens again, annoyed to find his foot tapping along. It’s a catchy song, if completely incomprehensible.
Benny. Charlie. Rowena. Jo. Ellen. Pamela. Missouri. Kevin. Mom. Bobby. Jack. Cas. Sam.
It had almost been comforting to realize that this was simply another nightmare about things he could never have.
“It’s already yours.”
Dean had just figured he was a little broken. A bit greedy. Dad had always said he was a little too needy.
“If it would help convince Dean, then yes.” Cas says, and then, because he figures seeking clarity has never been a bad choice with these boys, he adds. “Would moving Everest help convince Dean?”
reminds Dean, not of the misery of not knowing what in his life was real and what was a consequence of Chuck’s twisted games, but of the fact that they are free now. But it’s
That was, “Are you really fine, Dean?”
Kaia is inside staring blearily at the coffee maker like she could manifest coffee with sheer force of will. Dean, gently, displaces her and starts the pot. She shoots him a grateful look and settles at the island to wait.
Is he doing to Jack what James is doing to Patience? Is there any way to overwrite telling your kid he’s a monster? Putting your gun in his face? Turning him into a bomb?
The song rounds to an end, but Dean liked it, and it was new, so he rewinds it as he settles in and lets
Anyway, things have been good. Fine. He's been fine.
God, if she knows nothing else, she knows that Dean loves them.
something like that.
me to save you. I thought you were dying.” Cas draws himself to his full height, giving the impression of looming over Dean somehow, despite being shorter. “Perhaps next time I’ll just ignore you.”
Claire conducts a slick hand off to Eileen while walking past her towards the snacks. Dean’s weirdly proud.
Dean sneaking flowers into Cas’s coat. Dean cooking for Cas, smiling softly at him, nudging his shoulders to point out funny things on the TV. Dean shattering the plastic dividers of the gun range, deploying harsh words at his loved ones, harsher ones at himself. Dean pushing Sam out of the way on hunts, Dean refusing to let Cas heal him after Cas cracked his zygomatic bone with his own fists. Dean taking Jack on drives, on fishing trips, Dean explaining in soft tones what he knows. Dean with his gun in Jack’s face. Dean mourning Jack’s death. Dean taking Claire and Kaia to a concert so they’d feel safe. Dean never feeling safe with anyone else.
Wants and needs aren’t always the same.
He parks Baby, strips her of his bags and belongings by rote, and slides the mixtape out of the tape deck into the walkman in his pocket. He stands for a few seconds because what the hell is he supposed to do?
Dean hears the thrumming beat of the music, thinks briefly about Castiel seducing him in other ways, and gets to Cas’s clever fingers unbuttoning his dumb collared shirts before he’s shooting the whiskey back like it was a cheap shot in a bar with a low hygiene rating.
Dean shoots Sam, Cas, and Jack a message saying he’ll be home a day later then he planned, since he’ll be following Claire and Kaia to the concert tonight instead of going home as anticipated. Claire had nearly extracted a blood oath during breakfast about it, so there is no way he’s backing out now.
Dean is cursing the singer for the audacity to sing so plainly, so clearly, and to make Dean listen with his own ears.
floats somewhere between Dean’s ears.
By the time he settles down, he’s hearing
Content warnings at the bottom!
Dean and Baby cruise the open road alone, which means there are no witnesses when the song ticks over and Dean laughs so hard he actually has to pull the car over.
Dean wants to yell. He wants to take his hand back and split it open again on the table, on the computer, on Castiel's face. He wants to do something about the weird, impossibly gentle way Cas touches him, here, after everything. He wants an answer for why Cas still heals him like he's something worth putting back together.
It’s not that she doesn’t need backup on this case. Shit’s hinky as hell. She’s just not looking forward to Dean busting in and taking over. Her experience with men like Dean generally says that this is going to be a really annoying few days.
with a smile, hearing, “Less dumb. Less ass.
Dean pulls back onto the road as his laughter settles under control, and he can't even be upset, because of course Cas is a possessive bastard. Also, of course Cas is an ABBA fan. God, his angel is a weirdo.
Some things about Cas are as similar to Dean as Dean’s own hands, but Cas is a vast, evolving landscape, a being utterly
“Didn’t have the beer I like, I know. Patience told me.”
Dean thinks about Cas’s easy patience, his love and his low low expectations of Dean. It’s a beautiful song — a little girly for Dean’s taste — but it's sweet. The bit about holding hands is —
The door slams. The engine roars. Dean is driving before another conscious thought descends. He hurtles down the road to
Eileen doesn’t, so she shakes her head.
Sam hums thoughtfully, “How far could you move a mountain?”
Dean decides thinking isn’t helpful. He focuses on the tape just in time to force a smile at Oh Honey. In the silence before the next song starts, Dean tries to convince himself that he’s redeemable. That there is a way to keep any of this.
Dean looks at himself in the camera of the self checkout kiosk, staring down his pixelated form. Cas is probably already used to disappointment, loving Dean.
It’d been a good night, but usually Eileen breezes through between hunts and her own life to hang out with Dean’s dorky brother. They tend to do their own thing together, which Dean is going to continue to believe is sit in the dark and hold hands, for his own fucking sanity.
He’s still smiling a few minutes later when he reaches to flip his computer open. Something catches his eye. He freezes.
“Should it become necessary, you cannot ask me not to do everything in my power to save you, Dean,” Cas says, standing and stepping closer. “It’s my life, and I wouldn’t choose an existence without you in it.” Dean feels something in him snap.
Eileen bolts.
But each time, Cas had come back. Now, in a world without Chuck making him bleed for the Winchesters, Cas still stays.
Cas smiles, gorgeous and perfect, and Dean brought him there. Cas slides his hand down Dean’s face, tracing burning trails down his neck before stopping above his bare chest.
The mixtapes. Those were after.
Claire and Kaia are thrilled. They’re doing something that might pass as dancing, except they keep stopping to scream lyrics or sometimes laugh.
Sometime. Probably.
He hadn’t been a demon then, after all, but he’d found his way to it. Dean Winchester’s legendary ability to make bad things worse.
He could stop it. Reach out and stop it. Unfortunately, the only thing worse than listening to Cas’s mixtape with Eileen in the car is stopping the tape now and having to explain why.
Stop thinking about sex with Cas. He’s right fucking there.
Then, the strangest thing happened when Cas passed the finish line a full 3 seconds in front of Indra. Unprompted, he found himself laughing.
That’s his — something. They’re dating. He’s allowed to look.
It's like he can't stop himself. He needs Jack to understand gun safety, and he needs Jack to understand it right now. Sam's giving him this weird look that could mean anything from, “I get guns waved in my face constantly, you need to calm down” to “It isn't even loaded, you need to calm down” or even maybe, “Jack is literally (maybe?) God and could probably resurrect me by blinking, you need to calm down” or perhaps, horribly, “You've pointed a loaded gun at me with full intention of pulling the trigger,
“Look at that, Jodes. I mean, look at that. You did that. You can’t tell me you see that and think you didn’t do good.”
Sam shrugs. “Apparently.”
Eileen notices the wink, giving Dean curious eyebrows. He gestures over to Cas, putting down his mug to sign “Angel,” “Race,” “Champion.” Then, because Cas isn’t looking at him but Eileen is, he finger spells “Badass.”
(See the end of the chapter for
It seems he has nothing in him but emptiness and anger. He listens to I See You and A Better Son/Daughter, thinking only about Cas leaving. Dean is too angry and too childish.
Jack tries to apologize about the gun, but Dean is able to shut him down with, “People make mistakes when they’re learning. Just don’t do it again.” Jack had seemed happy enough with that. He’d peppered Dean with questions and laughed at Dean’s dumb electricity puns (Dean is ex-static). Making Jack laugh isn’t difficult, but it is always rewarding.
Dean is disgusted with himself for that thought, but in his defense, he was caught off guard.
And Sammy — blessed, glorious Sammy, with his ability to speak words that have emotions in them when not nearly dying — just said, “We missed you too, Jack.” Sam hugged him, which is doubly good, because it meant Dean didn't have to.
Jack and Cas must be busy.
Eileen pulls over at the bookshop, and Sam lets her drag him out of the car, into the present.
It's a beautiful song. It has a heavy weight to it. It makes him think of Cas’s capacity to be utterly still and utterly dangerous at the same time. Cas’s ability to walk into a room and draw all eyes to him. Even now, after everything, Castiel is a commander of Heaven's armies. He carries a weight about him.
Sam never told Dean he would’ve stayed in that building and burned to ash trying to reach Jess’s hand. He’d never had to. Dean had known. He never admitted how angry he’d been at Dean for keeping him alive, for making him care, for not letting him fade into his grief and revenge. He never had to. Dean had known.
“I —” Cas’s response is cut off by something Zadkiel says, and Dean can’t make out the quiet conversation that follows. After a good few minutes of conversation, Dean picks up the nail gun and walks it back to the tool table. He’ll clean up the rest later.
and Dean reaches blindly for the Impala. Places his hands on her, listens to
Except, apparently you can. Because Cas doesn't care about genre or sound. It's just…Songs for Dean. Instrumental, Classic, and now…metal.
And smashes his finger into the rewind button till the tape restarts to Fitz and The Tantrums. He needs to think.
Claire kicks Dean under the table for some reason, so he figures she wants an introduction.
and he realizes that there isn’t any version of loving Cas that doesn’t end with him flayed apart by Dean’s hand.
Dean starts to say, “There are meetings?” before he catches himself, shakes his head, and laughs. Eileen grins.
The voice ticks up, as does the beat, and someone sings
Goddammit, Dean. Sam accepts him. Dean would know by now if he didn’t. Dean’s never been subtle about his weaknesses. Sam has killed and died and bled for them.
It's the weird “eeney meeney miney moes” that click it for Dean. This song isn't about Dean. It's about
hand.
“Jack.” Cas said, like it was an answer. Which, in a way, it was. Of course Jack wouldn't leave his father to rot in the Empty. Jack started talking, conveniently tearing Dean's eyes off of Cas. Unfortunately, Dean was now looking at Jack. Happy, alive, and animated Jack — who reeled into Dean's space and didn't jerk back because he’s too dumb to realize that Dean's a poison and that Jack should stay far, far away.
Dean’s not sure how he didn’t realize he was bisexual, because boy does he seem to want it both ways. He wants not to hunt, and he wants to hunt. He wants Cas to forgive him, and he doesn’t want Cas to forgive him. He wants to be at peace, and he wants to keep fighting.
And then, Dean continues about his day.
shit like this.”
He reverses out of the spot, leaving Claire spluttering angrily and Kaia laughing quietly.
He rewinds to just the beginning of the song and hits play.
She can’t really shake that feeling of distrust regardless. Sam and Cas, despite how lovely they are, aren’t women, aren’t Deaf, aren’t Eileen. It’s not that she doesn’t trust their judgment. It’s that they might not have the ability to see what Eileen does. She’s been burned by people she thought would be safe before. Sam wouldn’t stand for it, but that’s only if he understands that it’s happening.
He remembers Sam, after his wall broke, saying he wasn’t sure if he was in Hell or out. Dean is not in Hell. He’s not. He knows that. But god, somewhere in his mind, a wall has come down and Dean’s not sure why he can’t put it back up. He picks up each piece — each person he loves — and he walks them into the freezer of that bar, and he slams the door.
Sam shrugs, but his mouth twists. His hands drift back to the book, a clear sign that he doesn’t want to talk further. A weight settles on Sam’s shoulders. Cas puzzles over how to lift it, but it’s Sam who breaks the silence between them.
He slides the headphones off his ears. He scrapes gulping breaths until he can breath quietly. He leans forward, pressing his forehead against Baby’s cool metal.
Dean wakes up the next morning at 8 AM, which is the latest he's slept since Jack and Cas returned, and calls it a win. He can't remember his dream last night, but he does remember rolling over in the middle of the night and idiotically thinking for a split second that his bed was larger than normal.
Content warnings at the end
“That’s true.”
This is maybe the most romantic thing that's ever happened to him, and Cas just casually dropped it in his lap.
He thinks about looking for a hunt, but Sam would bite his head off if he even considered going out solo. Instead, he grabs the bat phone and swings by his room to snag Mixtape 3 before sliding into the Impala.
Dean's eyes snap open in the black of his room. His hand scrambles for his gun and comes back with the walkman. Heart pounding, he can't remember what he was dreaming about, but he's in his boots and out of the room before he can begin to think about it any further.
Dean listens with half a mind as Cas explains that they each compete with one set of wings from their true forms, although switching between races was allowed. That’s about when Dean realises he has not had nearly enough coffee to contemplate engaging with that right now. Jack hops into the conversation, and Dean settles at the table to share aggrieved eye contact with Eileen as he hears the words “quantum entanglement” leave Sam’s mouth.
quavers on, all the way to
Sam doesn’t have a response to the dig about his dancing, mostly because he can’t really argue, so he shoots Dean a glare.
Like it was waiting for her, an image floats to her mind. It’s game night. Sam is passing her Scrabble tiles, and Claire is in a corner laughing at something Kaia said. Patience is frowning down at her letters while Alex rearranges something beside her. Dean is putting food on the table, and Jack is poking Cas’s side, asking him a question as Cas carefully smiles back. The table is practically humming with happiness.
Dean thinks of tiny moments — sipping coffee with Cas while Michael raged in his brain, driving down the open road with Cas while the Mark screamed in his blood. He thinks of big moments — praying to Cas in parking lots, in Bobby’s scrapyard, from his knees, his hands grasping pale bark in Purgatory. Praying to Cas, even in the beginning, when he didn’t expect an answer. Even at the end, when Cas was dead and in the Empty and he knew he’d never get an answer again.
A black mutt bounds forward, wagging its tail and charging straight into Dean. Eileen expels delighted nonsense before moving past Dean to get her hands on soft fur. The dog is extremely friendly, and clearly beyond thrilled to be pet, flipping over on its back to receive both scratches and the full force of Eileen’s attention. She feels Dean relax over her shoulder and shoots him a laughing look. Clearly, this was the big scary threat Dean sensed.
Dean doesn't pretend to understand it. And sure, Cas and Jack have duties in Heaven sometimes, but they always come back. They have a Tuesday night game night, where sometimes the girls and Jody or Donna will show up. They have a
When in doubt, LET THE FANFIC TAKE YOU AWAY.
But Dean holds himself to different rules than he does others.
So, yeah. Things have been fine. Things have been normal. Cas and Sam and Dean have been teaching Jack human things. Dean and Jack go fishing, or driving without talking because Dean is useless, but Jack seems to like it. Dean's planning on teaching the kid how to grill next weekend. A bunch of people are coming through. Sam suggested it as a way to let everyone know that they were welcome at the bunker, and to float the idea of installing a hunter network for real this time, but Dean knew it was just a very elaborate way to get Eileen to come over.
Dean honestly has a bit of a spring in his step as he puts the haul in the back of his car, which is how he should have known it wouldn't last.
this is his own fault.
He lets the song end.
Then, he thinks about Cas putting so much love into a mixtape that it spans into other languages. He thinks of Bobby saying, “You're a better man than your father ever was.” He thinks about all the things he's done that make him just like John.
And Dean pulled a smile onto his face, because honestly, Jack is kinda cute sometimes. “I remember, kiddo.”
Then his hand tightened, and he couldn't stop himself from pulling Castiel a little closer, and Cas just went along so that Dean could put his other hand on Cas's cheek — and his hands weren't shaking, but God, something was trembling. Dean thought extremely stupidly that he could kiss Castiel right then, and Cas wouldn't stop him. Hell, Cas might even want him to — because Cas is in love with him, and sure, he doesn't want anything more, but a kiss is a kiss, right? But before he could lean forward, he saw Cas's tear-stained eyes enveloped in black goo and suddenly, he had something so much more important to say.
He doesn't even notice the careful quiet behind him. Jack's face beams so hard it might split open, Cas's eyes soften, and Sam's mouth morphs into quiet shock. Dean is too busy measuring flour to notice. He tosses a careless, “Hey, we just doing strawberries, or do we got other stuff people want in their pancakes?”
No. No way.
Dean salted and burned bones with his father before he could shoot, watched spirits flame out of existence. Fire was almost comforting — igniting bones, holy oil. A barrier against evil. Fire meant a body to burn. Closure, sometimes. Endings, always. Fire clears. Fire purifies. It might destroy, but at least it’s simple.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Neither does torturing the other perfectly good food in the fridge with whatever that —” he gestures to the shelf before him “— concoction is.” Sam rolls his eyes and Dean lets the bickering carry them back to the table.
“Yeah, dude. Haven’t mastered the art of sleepwalking in the last 5 minutes, unlike you. Clearly.”
Well, Dean certainly made a mess of that, didn’t he? Cas probably thinks he’s pathetic now. Dean is kind of pathetic now. Dean’s been kind of pathetic all along.
When he tuned in, it was with no coffee and no defense that, at 7 AM that sunny (who knows? There are no windows in the bunker) morning, Dean found himself listening to Jack turn to Sam and ask him to “explain the emotional significance of a mixtape.”
But then, why stop at a Dean who isn’t a weapon? Why not go all the way back? Why not return to Dean who was never in Hell, who doesn’t look at a person and know exactly how he’d string them up on the rack? A version of Dean who was stronger, smarter, better — who managed to get himself and Sam out of Dad’s crusade. A Dean who works as a small town mechanic with a hotshot lawyer for a brother, who managed to give Sam the innocence he deserved. A Dean who knows more about Jess than what she looked like and when she was born because he’s a Dean who knew her, a Dean who never let Yellow Eyes sink his claws into Sam. A Dean who managed to keep Sam safe.
He’s kneeling, and Alistair is praising him for his good work, wrapping his finger possessively around Dean’s neck, pulling his mouth open, feeding him reward.
They both love Dean. Dean loves both of them.
A horrible preposition. A completely different thing. A fucking nightmare.
He seems like a great guy, although it’s hard to tell how much of that is just Sam seeing his brother through little sibling glasses. Eileen wouldn’t know. She never had a sibling.
reverberates in his ears before his mind slides off the music. The edge of the bed dips under his weight as he tries to figure out what he’s feeling, why killing the Aswang and the Marid didn’t lift the load from his bones.
Sam doesn’t want to be unwritten.
Dean is quiet for a second.
Jody continues, “How much time do you have?”
— the song’s wild energy making it impossible to stop.
‘Hey. This is Dean.’ he starts, because Sam usually texts Eileen when they’re not together, and Dean usually just texts Sam when they are. It feels weirdly formal, but for all Dean genuinely likes Eileen, they’re not really friends. ‘I’m about 3 hours from Tulsa.’ he adds next. ‘Mind company?’
If Dean had been dating someone for several months and had only gotten tight smiles and bicep squeezes, he may have also resorted to seducing them with mixtapes.
and feels the confusion creeping up. He hears
Content warnings at the end!
Sam has a small situation.
“You died?” Kaia says at the same time that Claire lets out a choked, “The
The realization that if Dean revealed that it made him unhappy, Cas would stop doing it slams somewhere in Dean’s mind, and he’s too busy trying to examine if that’s real that he forgets to lie and instead says, “That’s not true.” Because it’s not. The mixtapes make Dean very happy. It's everything else that’s the problem.
“Jack decided he wanted Krunch-Cookie-Crunch at 5 AM this morning. He was not subtle about it.” He actually was reasonably subtle about it. It isn’t Jack’s fault that Dean was already awake. He’d feel bad about using the kid as a scapegoat, except that’s kinda Dean’s thing, isn’t it?
The artist screams
“You're calling Zadkiel, Zad?” Castiel says, because he always responds to the wrong part of Dean’s sentences when it matters. Really not the thing that needs clarification, Cas.
“So,” Cassie begins, and Dean only plays with diving for the door for a second. “Tell me about him.”
And there, Jack stared at him with such an imploring gaze that Dean was positive Sam must have taken Jack aside and taught him how to do puppy dog eyes at some point. He now possessed one powerful pout. He was clearly waiting for Dean to say something, so Dean did. Because lord knows he let the kid down enough, and if Jack wasn't smart enough to realize that he should be punching Dean in the face, Dean was just going to have to do better. Someone should protect Jack from Dean, and since no one else would, Dean would do it himself.
After digging a little deeper, since the first search isn’t always right, he comes away with 2 thoughts. 1) There are a lot of websites dedicated to flower meanings, and 2) Cas dropped some Baby Blue Eyes on Dean’s bedside just to let Dean know he had won the race.
“He was lost and confused. And he deserved better than to just tag along on the ride of our revenge trip.” Fuck — Jack deserved so much better than what Dean had given him. “He’s just a kid.” Dean adds, because Jack is maybe God now, but he is definitely only 4 years old. “He looks up to you.”
Cas walks into a room, Dean thinks, ‘I could kiss him,’ and he’s immediately useless. Going on the hunt with Sam had been a relief purely to have a working brain for more than 2 hours.
Sam, Jack, and Cas are all at the table when he comes in. Jack says, “You’re home!” excitedly. Sam nods. Cas smiles.
Cas frowns down at the table. It’s their first fight as a couple, and he’s not even sure what they're fighting about.
“What?”
Dean likes the song, against his better judgment. It’s fun, and the repeating
The flowers definitely weren't there last night either.
The next song starts, and Dean doesn’t stop it, desperate for any distraction. He can’t look at “You Were Worth Falling For” in Cas’s handwriting anymore, so he flips back to the other and reads “8. Fire Fire by Flyleaf.”
Visiting the shelters had been a bust, too. No one could identify the missing men. Eileen only had photos of two of the six recovered victims' faces. The others had been too busted up to identify. Combined, the details merely told Eileen what she’d already known: whatever they’re hunting is smart.
Cas actually stumbles in response, like his legs forgot how to stay standing, and Dean’s a very simple man, okay? That shit goes straight to his ego.
because I see you.
Eileen starts puttering around the motel, straightening her bed. Sam always makes the bed if he stays over, pressing military tight corners out of her rumpled duvet.
“And I loved you still.”
Eileen skids onto the mark, spinning, knife out, ready to face Isabelle. She knows it’s useless.  She knows her next move is the stupidest decision she could possibly make.
Sam gives him a weird look, and because his evil little brother is blessed with both good hearing and a desire to fuck with Dean at all times, he says “Was that Nick Lowe? When did you make a Nick Lowe tape?”
She shoots him a grateful look. “Will you make shakshuka again?” Dean mentally scans the pantry, then remembers that he can grab stuff before she wakes up if they need it.
That should have been the first clue.
Castiel does. Dean’s not sure how Castiel could have missed it. Cas, for all he can be recklessly brave, isn’t stupid.
“Nah,” she says, signing back. “You take it. I’m gonna head home in the morning.”
Cas stands there for a few more seconds, then moves and sits in the chair across from Sam, thinking hard. Maybe he could talk to Eileen. She’s also dating a Winchester. She might have insight regarding how to overcome their idiotic stubbornness.
takes 3, but only because Dean had already turned over
Confused about how the angels could be at all related to this, Dean says, “What?” but it’s clearly too quiet to even register.
He's ready to work himself up about that, but the next line is
He weeps.
His hands feel wrong, and the panic is crushing his chest, and when he looks down, he figures out why. It's not his gun. It’s the fucking walkman. It sits heavy in his grip as his hands curl around it like he's going to fire notes off into his pillow.
The next song starts with a high-pitched whine. Dean pauses the tape, still thinking about the violence he carries everywhere.
Dean enjoys cooking, Sam knows. Or maybe Dean just enjoys food and feeding people, but it’s close enough.
Awkward cohabitation with the ex is new territory. Dean’s been avoiding the mixtapes — desperately clinging to when Cas wanted him in a place where Cas could catch him is mortifying. Plus, he doesn’t want Cas thinking this is a Charlie in Straw Dogs sorta situation. Dean’s fine with the break up, it’s just…an adjustment. He’ll adjust. Yea, he’s still carrying the unfinished tape in his pocket. So what? It’s not like he’s listening to it.
Cas is on the edge of the bed, Dean kneeling between his legs, and Dean’s mind is filled with nothing but static noise and harsh breathing and the insane noises that Cas releases at every touch. He pauses, struggling to get himself under control, otherwise this will be over too soon — way too soon — and Dean wants this to go one forever.
The song starts heavy and atmospheric, which suits Dean’s mood just fine.
He casts around for something, anything, to distract him — he feels his hand reach for his gun, but everything is wrong, and it doesn't sit right in his hands, and it's not comforting, and Dean thinks, wishes, prays that he could feel anything else right now. He's alone and his gun isn't right and it's not safe.
Dean squeegees soap from Baby’s windshield. Cas’s existence on Earth had meant being used and discarded by Dean. Dying for him with a smile, then coming back to die again.
the way some people say “uhm” or “get this.” Like it's a word for grabbing attention, like it's a comfortable sound for his mouth to make. “If this is uncomfortable,” Cas began. Dean's hand, which clearly has a mind of its own (he'd have to look into that later) spasmed out and grabbed Cas's bicep again. Dean had an uncomfortable brush with psychic powers that informed him he'd be doing that a lot. Squeezing Cas's arm in the hopes of making him real, in the hopes that it will make Cas stay this time.
He reads. “8. For creating yourself.”
Claire and Kaia sometimes drive in if they’re in the area for a hunt, but Alex and Patience usually come by way of Angel Express. Long distance friendships are probably easier when one of you has the ability to teleport anywhere at will.
“Dean,” Cas breathes, just beside Dean’s left shoulder, as Dean tries to smother his face into his own right hand. Cas’s hand rises to rest softly on Dean’s left shoulder. There’s that horrible gentleness. That obliterating kindness. “Are you alright?”
This conversation is not going the way Dean expected.
Cas opens his mouth to tell Sam that isn’t the problem. He knows Dean loves him. He’s known that for years. He has never doubted Dean’s love.
Dean had chosen love, over and over again. Dean preferred death via hypovolemia to denying someone else a single drop. Cas had held Dean to his chest, covered him in his embrace, sworn again to protect him — like he had in Hell, like he had in the waiting room, like he had in front of every good decision he’d ever made.
He slides the tape back into the deck and lets the ABBA song play again.
Dean’s not sure how to tell the kid they broke up, since he doesn’t know if Jack even realised they were dating. He doesn’t know how to tell Sam he almost had everything he wanted, but he was too stupid and too broken to keep it.
Also, Happy Misha Collins Day.  - Yar
“You okay, man?” Sam interrupts.
Her relationship with Sam is going to get a bit awkward if she murders his brother in the middle of a crowded diner. What a hell of a way to go though. Definitely better than the last time.
Sam hadn’t let him. Sam had watched him quietly self-destruct in a world where they no longer mattered, but every time he hit bottom, Sam had a case they had to do, or someone who needed their help. When it got too bad, Sam cracked open his own grief and Dean had understood that he couldn’t leave his brother alone to deal with the wreckage Dean himself had made.
Dean doesn’t rewind the song even once. Dean hears Famine's voice jeering, "That’s one deep, dark nothing you got there," and feels every stretch of the emptiness between his ribs.
Dean lets the next song begin and listens to its gentle strumming, trying to let his heart calm, trying to empty his chest.
“Got a case down in Texas. Vampires. Nest of about 4. Wanna come?”
Dean thinks about Sam's probably cracked computer, and the definitely cracked range divider, and Jack's shattered facial expression — there is simply no way that's true. He misses the next verse but
“All you hunters are the same.” Hey now. “Arrogant, self-righteous bastards.” Again, hey.
Dean puts it away, fiddles out his phone. 6:30 AM. Sam will be up and about soon. Dean hoses Baby down perfunctorily, slides into the driver’s seat, and heads out.
Dean blinks at him, and wonders how he became another person Sam is afraid to talk to.
He sends a text to each of them. Donna responds with the thumbs up emoji and 3 sparkles. Krissy responds with a purple devilish face. Dean, briefly, feels extremely extremely old.
The voice was Dean. His inability to say anything that matters without Death’s scythe to his neck, followed by the quiet, gentle way Cas prompts him to speak.
He walks the glasses over to the kitchen and puts them in the sink. Lets Kaia’s half step away wash over him.
Dean thumbs down to Cas on his phone. He looks at the blank message draft. Then, he chucks his phone into the passenger seat. It’s quick work to pay and slide into the driver’s seat.
The way she made bisexual sound like not a big deal.
Love does die. That much, Dean knows for certain.
“Then next time
over the opening, so he turns it up.
No pressure.
Dean grimaces. “Yeah. Big, ugly, monster dogs — but basically look like dogs.” Face carefully devoid of any discernible emotion besides mild curiosity, he continues. “You don’t know what hellhounds look like?”
Dean, for want of something better to say, throws out, “And it's...edible?” because Claire and Alex are walking up, and he can’t fly apart, not where they might get caught in the debris.
Eileen opens the box quickly. Who doesn’t like presents?
Content warnings: discussion of tricky parental relationships, allusion to John Winchester's homophobia and neglect, panic attack/flashback to Dean's time in Hell
Dean hits rewind, letting the song loop. It’s a catchy song. It’s fun. Dean is absolutely not thinking about writing physical love letters though, and he is devotedly not thinking about Cas ever saying any of these lyrics. He is shuffling the papers to read the second one, which he thinks are Cas’s little notes about why he’s including the songs, since the first one had said “Light of humanity” and had been about Cas’s experience with being human.
Eileen is frustrated, not so much with Dean as with her concept of Dean. He’s been…well, he’s been perfect. He stays carefully within her line of sight, quickly follows her lead, and happily agrees with whatever she’s feeling. He’s remained bright — almost optimistic — as they run into stone walls. He’s clever with solutions and quick with work arounds. He’s professional, efficient.
He wants to stay here forever.
Little goals: be able to withstand Cas’s tender touches with the same stoicism he’s able to weather punches.
“Where else would I be?” Cas finds himself snipping back. It’s not as though he doesn’t tell Dean his plans for the days: when he’s going to be in Heaven, when he’s taking Jack. It’s a thing he’s not obligated to do, but Dean gets testy when he doesn’t know where Cas or Sam or Jack are going to be.
Cas’s hand reaches out to pry Dean’s hand off the walkman, and Dean is frozen by clement fingers dancing over his clenched fist. Cas is so close to him right now, crowding Dean between the desk and Cas’s bright, unblinking, blue eyes. There is barely any space between them, and Dean’s heart is caving, capsizing, coming apart at the seams. Cas’s gaze cuts up from the walkman to catch Dean’s face, and all Dean can think is
Sometimes, in moments like this, it's hard to remember that Chuck is actually dead. Well, not Dead, but gone. Dealt with. That there is somehow a world that gets both peace and freedom. Sometimes, Dean’s only grip on reality is that he didn’t pull that trigger, and if Chuck was still riding driverseat on the road of the universe, Dean would definitely be dead. He might be in Heaven, but he’d definitely be dead. That’s the ending that Chuck wanted.
doesn't rattle him.
Cas had died, and Dean had carried his trenchcoat in his trunk. Cas had died, and Dean had begged Gadreel to bring him back. Cas had died, and Dean had spread his ashes in a beautiful field beside a windmill and a brook and a blackberry briar. Cas had died, and Dean was left with nothing but a bloody handprint over a fading handprint over a broken heart.
Pants. Dean needs to put on pants. And shower. Probably shower first.
It’s a picture of several magpies from Cas, all of which have been crudely dyed different colours. The caption just says, “This is your fault.” Holy fucking fuck, they’re really dating, aren’t they?
He knows that's an astronomically bad idea, but the temptation remains.
Dean realises why Kaia had wanted Jody there. He fiddles with the wire on his own headphones and remembers being 21 — knowing that his family was falling apart, that he’d be alone. Getting just a little too drunk after a hunt, then getting jumped by the survivor of a vampire nest he hadn’t known he’d left alive. He wonders how different that night would have been if someone else had been there to watch his back, understands that he’d be dead if the man hadn’t wanted to take his time and
He shakes himself out of the thought by drumming his hand on his desk a couple of times.
Sam, who had been trying to offer comfort, who had just wanted Dean to admit and talk about his grief, broke down crying in Dean’s arms instead.
hang in the air like a noose around both of their necks.
(See the end of the chapter for
They lasted a half dozen months. Longer than Dean would have expected. No surprise that he’s too much, too broken, too angry, too jagged. Even for someone like Cas.
Sam’s frown persists. “You should really stop buying him that junk.” Dean should, but he won’t. He leans against the map table. Sam looks down at his phone.
“Yes. I’m, uh. I —” Castiel cuts off as his eyes drift from Dean’s eyes down to his lips. Dean, because he really is only human, smirks. This prompts Cas to say, “I have...this was informative.” For some reason.
But he had to say something, right? Castiel was staring at his hand, but his eyes were slowly lifting, and soon he was going to make eye contact. Words were going to come out, so it would be good if Dean picked them. But what do you say to the person who dragged you out of Hell —  who fought and died beside you — who loves you so wholly and completely that even you, angry and broken as you are, couldn't deny it? What do you say to the person who died for you, got a second chance, and immediately chose to die for you
, which Dean had happily sung along to not five minutes before. Here, in it’s softer repetition, hearing it again as if for the first time, Dean is struck by a thought.
Dean mimics the sign for bisexual carefully — almost reverently — for how slowly he does it. Signing it back, he asks, “What the hell is bisexual?”
He closes his eyes before the black goo he knows is coming invades the room.
Huh. That’s not what Dean expected Sam to say.
Sam knows this isn’t something he can push. He knows that. Still, it’s infuriating to see that Dean could have something he wants, if he’d just allow himself to want it. If he’d just let himself have it.
The image of his gun pushed up against Jack's face dances in front of his eyes.
Dean had found himself staring over it constantly, like if he looked hard enough, a trench coat might wash to shore. He’d stare, and then staring would become painful, so he’d look away. Five minutes later, he’d be staring again. If he didn’t pay careful attention, if he looked away for too long, he’d catch the dark waters of the lake out of the corner of his eye and see Cas fading away. It was better he look and see blue instead of black.
Dean puts down the nail gun.
There isn't a part of him that hasn't been carved apart by Cas.
Sam wants Dean and Cas to have this. This little, miraculous, enormous thing.
Eileen signs a quick ‘what?’ as she raises an eyebrow. He nonsensically replies with ‘you flirted with the waitress’. He’s been alternating between signing alone and speaking along with his hands for the entire conversation. Eileen enjoys how much more expressive he is with sign, but his confusion is evident in face and hands alike as he fingerspells ‘waitress’. Eileen spares a moment to enjoy the hilarity of Cas teaching Dean the sign for ‘Flirting’ before the sign ‘Server’ before replying.
Dean didn’t pick up after the second call, so Cas had taken to the sky, slamming into places Dean might be. Donna’s and Jody’s cabins, their homes, the town. ‘Please save me’ had come through with crystalline clarity. Dean’s prayer was full of loathing and fear, and Cas had pushed his wings faster, half preparing himself to dive into Hell once again.
Sam had stared at his brother, and only saw an abandoned well of sinking black. He couldn’t find Dean anywhere in the void. Sam had realised then that he was wrong when he thought Dean was just waiting to die. No. Sam was looking at a dead thing merely playing at being alive. So, he’d done the most selfish thing he could. The only thing he could think of that would work.
“Hello, Dean.” Dean releases a breath he didn’t know he was holding.
However, Cassie is a reporter at the end of the day, and pushing her off a story isn’t easy.
sings a male voice,
Cas is a real dick sometimes though. Is this fight Dean’s fault? Absolutely. Did he deserve Cas throwing the Ma’Lak box in his face? Also yes, but it still fucking hurt, okay?
She wants to have that.
“Do you ever think about retiring?”
Dean slides the headphones around his neck and heads to the stove. If Sam's up, Jack and Cas will be down soon. They're all gonna want breakfast, and none of them are going to cook it if Dean's around.
Dean has listened to the song 8 times when he pulls into town, and he’s singing along to
takes 6.
Jesus fucking Christ. Is Dean dating Castiel?
Dean’s eyes are carefully trained on the shirt and Cas’s arm, but he can feel Cas’s gaze on him, weighted.
He’d been dragged to Hell. He’d started the apocalypse. This isn’t hard.
For example, sobbing all over your lover.
Cas had thought he was resilient.
Dean’s not blind. He knows that he’s done some good in the world. Hell, he and Sammy have even saved it a few times. But he’s never done anything that anyone wouldn’t do in his shoes, and boy, he did not pick those shoes. When you talk comparative values, Dean’s not much better than a lot of the demons they kill. There isn’t even a point of comparing him to Sam and Cas. There isn’t a scale that would make that graph fit on a page.
“He is warded from sight, Zadkiel.” Cas responds, and yup — that frown of his is definitely growing.
He's having such a good time that he doesn't stop the tape as it slides over to the next song.
Cas, because he’s a fucking weirdo, looks down at himself quizzically. “Oh. Yes.” Cas says.
Fuck. Cas really did love him. Cas loved him, and Dean was the one who broke it.
When Cas slides his fingers through Dean’s sternum, the response is immediate, orgasmic. Dean whites out somewhere between pleasure and pain. He might be screaming, but it doesn’t matter because Cas is happy. Cas is so happy.
“I like you as well.” And then, because even Castiel can’t fix angels’ allergies to basic rules of polite behaviour, Zadkiel flies away.
“Would you like it if a partner made you a mixtape?” And Dean was going to the cupboard to get the bleach for that stain on the counter and not looking at Castiel's eyes, not feeling Castiel's eyes on him, nope — he was busy cleaning their home. And Dean is a champion of ignoring and repressing and generally treating things like they’re not a big deal. So, he just shrugged it off.
Benny. Charlie. Rowena. Jo. Ellen. Pamela. Missouri. Kevin. Mom. Bobby. And, sitting right at his table, happy to see him, Jack. Cas. Sam.
Dean finally locks on to what's happening. “What! Jesus, Jody, no. I’m not fucking dying.”
It does. His suggestions for printed slogans get increasingly more ludicrous as dinner continues, but Eileen doesn’t care. They’re both laughing too hard.
Max’s coven is loose, rarely gathering. It’s more a network of good witches who keep each other informed and act as seconds when needed. Tasha set it up years ago. Max thinks it’ll be good for them to meet Sam in person, especially with the hunter network growing. If nothing else, it’d be handy to have a few good witches on call.
Sam, looking flummoxed, offers Cas a weak, “Good.”
Cas responds, because Cas always responds to Dean, by sliding his hand to Dean’s cheek. Dean steals a few more seconds of peace from Castiel before speaking.
Fortunately, he remembers that one Michael is dead and the other is happily vesseled. He rips the headphones off to take an extremely cold shower, but it's made worse by the fact that the song is just catchy enough to remain stuck in his head.
Cas, who Dean loves so deeply that he shatters each time Cas dies.
and Dean hears what Cas is saying. He can hear it because he’s said it a hundred times.
Dean takes a step back, like distance has ever made Castiel’s gaze less intense to him.
it’s “I left, but you didn’t stop me.” It’s Dean, knowing Cas is in the Empty, sending out useless prayers, promising to find a way to bring him back even when he couldn’t, when he didn’t.
Dean, very graciously, pretends to ignore Sam’s shoulders sinking in relief. Dean fucked up his relationship, but he can at least smooth things over for Sam, who deserves a weekend off from everything. Plus, Dean wanted to get back to baseline, and there’s nothing more baseline than killing monsters.
They’re not all winners, and some have too much butter for Sam to feel good about himself when eating them, but in general, it’s all delicious. Sam’s not necessarily surprised or anything. Dean was definitely an adventurous cook when they were growing up, but he’d been good at it even then. Sam still thinks about marshmallow fluff mac and cheese. If he wasn’t certain Dean would burst an artery about it, he’d consider asking him to make it again now.
Dean’s foot taps along to the beat. What? It’s a catchy song. Dean listens to it once, restarts it, and then is struck with a thought.
“For you?” Dean says, knowing his confusion shows in the hesitancy of hands and the questioning of his voice.
“Dude, what’s got your panties in a twist? You think your freaky ass lettuce came to life and finished what God himself couldn’t?” Dean says. It's close to right, so he commits to it and grabs the beers, straightening up.
Thinking about Sam’s insight, about the way Cas knows Dean views himself, Cas reconsiders this wild joy. He pictures the way Dean smiles softly sometimes, like his mouth has momentarily forgotten to frown.
Dean is owed this. He just realized he’s been dating the man he’s in love with.
" Cas says again, plaintively. It's full of need and want, and Dean did that to him. Dean’s mad with power, trying to get his hands everywhere at once, overwhelmed by the feeling of Cas at his fingers, the smell of him, the way Cas doesn’t close his eyes but stares down like Dean is some venerated altar.
It’s objectively hilarious how often Sam and Dean walk into buildings full of law enforcement. Eileen is very invested in keeping her civilian ID clean enough to fly on her passport, thank you very much. Still, she loves how Dean has no fear about getting made, even in a building full of cops. There is a non-zero chance that Dean is actually waiting to be called out on it.
He hears
People think that Dean should have problems with fire. He gets it — he does. But what burns stays dead. He didn’t see his mom up on that ceiling, but he watched his childhood home burn, and his childhood stayed dead. Sam’s dorm had burned, and so had his dreams of a normal life.
That, at least, he knows he can do.
Dean thinks about peeling out of his flannel to make himself feel less warm all over, but he’s smart enough to know that would absolutely make this worse.
Claire splutters indignantly, “Pick up exists!”
Grabbing his walkman, Dean snaps the headphones on and hits play. When that doesn’t immediately quiet his mind, he turns up the volume and heads to the garage.
Dean stares at the water like it personally betrayed him. He takes a sip, and it does nothing for the tightness in his chest.
Cas saved Dean from Hell, from demons, from angels, from bad deals. Cas held off monsters, archangels, and Death herself.
The chorus about leaving everything behind hollows Dean’s chest. He doesn’t want Cas to see him, but god, he doesn’t want Cas to leave either.
See, Dean knew he had been forgetting something in the emotional turmoil of the first tape. He was supposed to sit Cas down and explain that he wasn’t worth all this...stuff. The fresh fruits and the stupid cooking challenges, Cas letting him explain movies and shitty jokes, the soft touches that Cas drops on him, and definitely not the fucking mixtapes.
Cas is saying:
It’s possible that Dean doesn’t do boredom well. Possibly.
He only has two lines, so instead he whimpers, “Cas. It’s already yours.”
Dean imagines a version of himself who fits into that safe, peaceful world without polluting it. A Dean who doesn’t yell at Cas for trying to comfort him, or at Jack for trying to be like him. A Dean who isn’t more weapon than man.
Cas, because he’s a nonsensical wavelength of eternity packed into a tax accountant with blue, blue eyes, says only, “Oh.”
Sam opens his door.
have a type. Dean knows that Cassie and Cas are two extremely different people, but he’s struggling to explain it.
It's the face he makes right before he says something he knows Dean is going to hate.
Ella Fitzgerald's unmistakeable vocals promptly croon into the silence. Dean actually has to scramble, because he'd turned up the volume to hear every word of Taylor's song, and I'm Beginning To See The Light is simply louder. He's going to have to teach Cas about how to normalize volumes on mixtapes for next time.
“Actually, I had an idea for a spell. Can I run some thoughts by you?” Sam says, maybe 3 minutes later. Cas lets Sam distract him for the next few hours, until Dean walks into the library.
Still, Dean’s sort of a dude’s dude. A hunter’s hunter. Gruff, sometimes violent, but effective. Liliana probably would have loved him. He’s got a quick command of lore (not to Sam’s level, but still miles above most hunters), and he’s efficient.
“No, nothing major. One of the new angels was curious about me — had some questions.” This doesn’t seem to calm them down.  “Cas had him well in hand. Don’t stress.”
He takes off the headphones, stuffs the walkman in his pocket, leaves the whiskey on the table, and finishes the dock in silence.
Dean shrugs, “Yeah. Sounds right.”
Cas had held Dean gently, comforted by the pressure of him against his chest. He listened to the beautiful sound of his breathing, attempted to comfort him in return, all the while, worried about what could possibly have caused this. Dean had faced gods, monsters, and monstrous men. Nothing had cut him this deeply.
“Cas, buddy. If you have a point here, we’re circling it. So, what? I didn’t want to let Sammy die alone. Nobody would leave their brother like that.”
Dean is shocked to find out he’s not lying when he says, “I’m working on it.”
“You think you’re so much better than us,” Isabelle continues.
Dean whirls around, making eye contact by accident again. “What?” He’s trying to figure out why Cas is apologising to Dean of all people about being a rebel with a cause. That’s in Dean’s top 3 favorite things about Cas. Right in between Everything and Everything Else.
Cas’s face is the picture of displeasure. “I think he may have a bit of a crush.”
How did it come to this? How had Cas failed so completely?
“It was complicated,” Dean volunteers, just to give Claire a reprieve from Cassie’s probing eyes. He regrets it immediately when her gaze settles on him. God, it’s weird to try to find words to explain this situation to people. He tries to land somewhere close to the truth. “Cas was in the hunter life at that point, and he didn’t want Claire in danger. He doesn’t want to take the place of her father, but we, he uh, he cares about her a lot and wants her to be happy — whether that's with him or not.”
Cas sits on the bed. There is a comfortable silence for a few moments, as Dean fiddles needlessly with things on his desk.
‘Please,’ he thinks wildly, pleading to no one. Maybe to the God that doesn’t exist anymore, maybe to the universe. He’s not even sure what he’s asking for. He just doesn’t want to be alone. ‘Please save me.’ He knows no one will come. No one is going to come. Dean doesn’t deserve to be saved. Not anymore.
“I’ll go with you.” It was the way Cas let Dean talk about things — actual, real things — without making him feel too weak for not being able to handle it himself.
Goddammit. Dean shakes his head, like he could shake the thoughts right out. It, tragically, doesn't work. He thought they'd decided not to think about the mixtape. It's just Cas being Cas. Excited to explore human things. Which he should do — Cas should explore all the human things he wants. Even the stuff that's for high school girls and teen romances. Like milkshakes and fries, and shitty movie dates, and car make outs, and —
“Please, Dean,” he begged. “Don’t make me lose you, too.”
They make the invisible visible.
Claire rolls her eyes and punches his arm instead of saying hello, taunting, “You old people gonna spend all weekend talking about your weird soap opera?”
“I would prefer it if you stopped yelling, but yes — it doesn’t affect my feelings for you, Dean.”
The car ride to the motel is mostly comfortable, but Dean still seems agitated about the thousand dollar bowl of fake produce. Eileen would talk about it more, but while Dean seems comfortable hurtling down roads with his eyes on the passenger seat, Eileen is (as usual) very invested in not dying.
Cas thinks for a moment. “Not without significant deleterious environmental effects.”
