“You look like you’re about to rip your mobile in half,” came John’s voice, interrupting Sherlock’s thoughts like a bucket of cold water.
“Just get me a report on everything and everyone in the body lockers in there, and then I need an update on our progress with finding the vehicle,” snapped Lestrade through clenched teeth.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow. “You've met him. How many friends do you imagine he has? I'm the closest thing to a friend that he is capable of having.”
Mycroft stared at the flowers, eyes wide, mouth slightly open but absolutely silent. Several long seconds passed before he looked up at Sherlock, not even blinking.
honestly Sherlock if you thought it was going to be easy to get rid of John I’m SO sorry but you were sorely mistaken
Then again, John was an idiot. A brave idiot. But bravery was always the kindest word for stupidity anyway.
By the time they reached the room, the paramedics had lifted Soo Lin onto a stretcher, and were wheeling her out of the room. John had stayed back, surrounded by smeared blood, broken ceramics, and shards of glass.
Soo Lin looked up at him in surprise. After a moment, she said, her voice even softer than his, “… Thank you.”
“Oh, right,” said John, nodding at his shoulder as if he’d forgotten about it. He couldn’t think of much of a lie, so he decided on a half-truth. “I’m only just back from active duty. Still getting back to full health. Shoulder hasn’t healed up quite right yet.”
Reflexively, Sherlock brought up a map of the area in his mind, predicting Moran’s path and tracing routes that could intersect. He chose one. Rather than continue on after Moran, he immediately turned left as well and ran until he reached the motorway. The explosion at the SIS building had brought traffic on the road to a stop—allowing police cars and firetrucks approaching the scene to get by—and he took advantage of it, weaving through stopped cars and crossing the road. He ran further along the road, under the arches raising the tracks in and out of the Vauxhall Tube station, and then south along the next main road.
“I’m not sure. I brought some files to go through. Cases,” replied Sherlock. He gestured to the paper in his hand. “Can – can I read these?”
The room turned in an unnatural but not wholly unfamiliar vertigo, and Sherlock promptly shut his eyes and dragged his mind back bit by bit from the inky black of empty unconsciousness.
On to the next puzzle! As (I think?) I said before, this one is going to be a little different from the first, because this one isn’t a direct adaptation from TGG, but is instead an “Adaptation-of-Canon a la Llama”… by which I mean I’ve taken another story from canon and modified it to suit my purposes. I hope it proves fun to read!
,” snapped Sherlock, stepping back out of John’s reach and rubbing his sore forehead, which was sure to bruise now. “What is
“Good to know,” said John, though he couldn’t quite resolve himself to the idea that, even if he called several times, Sherlock would write it off as nothing and carry on. Surely Sherlock would notice. … Wouldn’t he?
Sighing, thoroughly relieved that this was done, John quickly cleaned his shoulder with a few antiseptic wipes, and tossed them in the waste bin by the sink.
the bit about terrorism. Your lot isn’t going to catch him. You don’t have the resources, manpower, or experience. Mycroft’s people aren’t going to catch him if they’re dancing around and he kills their agents every so often to remind them to back off. I doubt any foreign government has a better chance of bringing him down. So who is left other than me?”
“Just—let’s just be careful?” pleaded John. “We don’t know what he’s hoping to get out of all of this. He has to have a reason for sharing so much with you.”
Sherlock had internalized this ideal so deeply that nothing had shifted his resolve in all the time since. His mind became a mighty palace, full of rooms and libraries and halls bursting with knowledge. Nothing had ever jeopardized the impenetrable walls he built to make sure the world stayed distinctly out, where it belonged, available for his dissection and study and nothing else. He'd become the Detective. Cold, cool, and calculating.
John continued to smile. “It’s my job,” he said. “Sort of. It was my job, before. At least I know I serve a purpose when shit like this happens.”
Sherlock hurried down the stairs and out onto the street, ignoring Mrs. Hudson’s curious call of “Sherlock, what’s all the excitement?”. He took a few seconds, looking right and scanning ahead for John.
“Be discrete getting there. Watch the service doors from a distance and be back here by noon. Text if there’s an issue,” said Sherlock.
John sighed. “So it’s not so much that we have new information—it’s more like we have confirmed that our theories are right?”
“And…” added Mycroft, as he signaled to the man who had been monitoring the video feed. “…you might give him these as well.”
Sherlock finally took a left turn and they entered a dark and deserted stairwell.  Sherlock climbed, keeping to the right side of the stairs, and John did the same. Sherlock was the faster of the two by far, flying up two flights of stairs with ease before stopping at a large window in the stairwell, which lead out to a fire escape situated in a side alley.
suspicions—and instead…” He seemed to struggle for the right words. “I wasn’t prepared, for any of what you told me. I don’t know how I could have been prepared. Not that that justifies my reaction. Even I know it was unfair, and unkind.”
The Detective shrugged halfheartedly, still curled up in his chair. “It wasn’t hard to deduce. I met Lestrade at Bart’s and he told me Mycroft had asked about you. And then I came back here and you had gone. No sign of a struggle. Fairly easy to figure out where you’d gone. And he’s always at the Diogenes,” said Sherlock. “So. Easy.”
Sherlock made a beeline for him, John at his heels. “You have him here?” he asked, the moment his brother was within earshot.
Lestrade hurried out to talk to his people, leaving Sherlock and John behind with Shan’s body. Sherlock’s anxiety at Shan touching him of her own volition had faded somewhat, but he was still preoccupied with this new set of circumstances. The Black Lotus would be at risk now, if Moriarty chose not to take them under his wing… And, if he did, they’d be utterly dependent on him. He would be less their benefactor and more their leader.
“Is he ever not working?” said their landlady knowingly, stepping over the threshold carrying a tray laden with things for tea for John and Sherlock.
a model. Just for small time things, and artists, generally. But it’s hard. And Gruner’s made it almost impossible for me.” Kitty looked at Sherlock curiously. “How did you find him, exactly?”
“Who knows?” replied Sherlock. “These people certainly don’t. The only person capable of asking you what you know, John, is me. Ordinary people cannot ask the dead for answers. If they could, the world would be a very different place. But my abilities are entirely unique to me. Believe me, I have done the appropriate searches and made the correct inquiries. If there was anyone else who could do this, I should think he or she would be known to me. Instead, it is down to you and I to figure out what it is these people are so set on covering up.”
“Do you only know one-syllable words? Don’t you worry—we’ll see each other soon. All in good time. You’re only the bait, after all.”
“Did I really, though?” asked Moriarty. He circled John slowly, until he stood behind him and just to the side. “I know I have it now. Now that you can’t hide from me in your cozy little flat and have pleasant little evenings without me on your mind. I wanted to
He glanced at the clock on the screen. Midnight was still some hours away, but it still wasn’t much time.
,” he sighed, but he wasted no more time before shouldering his bag, swinging down onto the ladder as well, and climbing down as fast as he could, until he joined Sherlock at the bottom.
“You can’t touch me and I don’t need help, so just let me be,” the Detective snapped, so John simply stood to the side to let him get his footing.
“He doesn’t have to be,” interrupted John. “We can help you. Get you into some kind of protective custody, maybe. Help you start over, like you planned.”
Sherlock waved a hand dismissively, though he was just as drained by the events of the last several hours as John was. But as John put his foot on the first stair, he hesitated. “John?”
“I don’t like it either,” sighed Mycroft, though there was an unfamiliar care in his voice as he said it. “But as your older brother, it is my unfortunate duty to constantly worry about your welfare. And since I’m already worrying about your physical wellbeing, given the current situation, I might as well worry about everything else. And somehow, talking about this is easier than pretending to be matter-of-fact about how little time we probably all have left to live.”
John craned his neck to the side, and tugged at his shirt collar until the scar over his heart was just visible.
Mycroft rolled his eyes, and picked up the photo of John from the morgue, tossing it at Sherlock. “Then do me a favour and start with this one.”
But the voice interrupted, speaking at full volume once again. “Oh yes, it’s me. The one and only. Speaking to you live from an undisclosed location.”
Sherlock smiled a little. “I’ve been relying on that kind of unimaginative thinking to keep my secret for almost thirty years.”
know—should be enough to tell you that things are different with this case. For Sherlock. And I think he needs you now. More than he’s ever needed you.”
John looked down at his shoulder. His neck was stiff from craning down to peer at his shoulder while he worked, but he painstakingly made the second-to-last stitch, and then the last stitch, with a loud exclamation of “BLOODY
The realization dawned on him as he instantly recognized the tread, the weight, and the decided air of a man on a mission.
“Why are you complaining?” demanded Sherlock. “The whole case just makes you look good. Another feather in your cap.”
“So you probably want to know how I did it,” said Hope, scrutinizing Sherlock with an unexpected sort of glee. “You wouldn’t be asking me if you’d already figured it out.”
Sherlock’s bloody wrists bled and his muscles trembled with exertion. But even as he did so, Sherlock understood he was more likely to rip off his hands than break the chain, with such insufficient torque and no momentum. He stopped, breathing hard.
“Good. You can leave me a signal around the service doors if there’s a problem. Otherwise I’ll come in that way to meet you.”
It took him an additional fourteen minutes to come to the conclusion that being different—well, being different like he was, at least—was simultaneously a tremendous gift and a terrible problem.
Sherlock took another deep breath, and readied himself. He kept his phone clasped tightly in one hand, and extended the other.
,” said Sherlock, glaring over from the sofa like a furious and very bony sofa cushion. “Or a cigarette.”
It took Young Sherlock five more seconds—bringing him to the fourteen minutes—to determine the way his gift worked.
Sherlock smiled grimly. He’d guessed as much a month earlier when the marks had first appeared. The paint was long gone now, but the mark had served its purpose before then. “So you’ve all been exchanging messages in the usual way in the usual places and no one has anything new. What does the rest of the Black Lotus think?”
“Excellent, hate to hold you up, off you go…” said Sherlock, with an insistent sort of wave towards the door. Mrs. Hudson got to her feet, as did John, and John turned off the television with a faint expression of relief.
Mycroft lowered the breathing mask and sighed. “To be frank, I don’t have all the details yet. The full story will require looking at the video from the building, and talking things through with my security team.”
died. Which means bringing the responsible party to justice. Focus on that, instead of on how terrible the death itself is. We can’t bring Carl Powers back. Not really, anyway. But we can make sure Moriarty pays for it, if we can use this as an opportunity to learn more about him.”
“Yeah. That is – I mean…” John gave a quick recounting of everything that had happened to him, from the moment the Black Lotus had broken into 221B, to waking up in the locker room, to finding a bomb on his chest, to hearing Moriarty in his ear, and finally to walking out to the pool to join Sherlock. No one said a word while he spoke, other than a few squeaks of horror from Mrs. Hudson.
“I don’t exactly have any plan behind that statement, so to me that’s pretty much as detailed as it gets.”
Sherlock scowled. “Don’t cast me in a sentimental light. I’m speaking from an objectively reasonable standpoint.”
“You should be careful about associating too closely with Sherlock. Especially if you have something to hide,” said Mycroft.
“What I wanted you to do before.” Moriarty jerked his head sideways in Yao’s direction. “Touch him. See what happens.”
A loud bang interrupted Amberley. He, John, and Lestrade all looked around, but didn’t see anything. “Did you hear something?” said Amberley anxiously.
For the first time in his life, Sherlock thought he truly understood why his Gift was as terrifying as it was for people like Mycroft and Lestrade, for those who were witnessing and experiencing it as outsiders. The giving and taking of life seemed clear-cut and straightforward when you were the one in control. But he wasn’t in control now. John wasn’t the only hostage here.
But Mycroft didn’t so much as blink. “I have a right to take an interest in my own brother’s life. Especially when you seem to have so little regard for your personal safety.”
“Sherlock,” John said, lowering his paper. Sherlock ignored him, hands pressed together in front of his face.
“I have absolutely no idea,” said Sherlock glumly. “None whatsoever. We know of only a handful of people who are or have been connected to Moriarty. And honestly, I don’t know that any of his living ‘employees’ would be willing to work with us anyway. Moriarty seems very – possessive, when it comes to his people.”
“You heard me,” said John, voice tinged with both relief and fury, walking into the room, giving the four walls a sweeping glance. He checked over his shoulder, looking back down the hall to find it empty for the time being, and then hurried over to Sherlock and crouched down at his side.
John was making his bed when the floor suddenly shuddered beneath his feet with a thunderous crash. He stumbled, catching himself to stay upright, and his heart skipped a beat.
,” said John, pressing the wound hard at an angle to make sure Moran could still breathe, and then he called, “I need help with an intubation over here!”
“What did you do with the bodies?” demanded Sherlock, shaking Amberley by the shoulders. “What did you do with the bodies?”
John met his gaze. “Well, where else would I be if not running after you, saving your ass?” Both men smiled, then John took a deep breath and said, all business, “I guess I’ll see how I do on my own this time.”
“I’m not sure I follow,” said John. It was clear from his expression that he was noticing how many times he had said something along the lines of ‘I don’t understand’ in the course of the conversation so far. But Sherlock conversed by way of overcomplicated jargon more often than not.
Soo Lin nodded. “Of course. Though I do feel better. It seems unusual to feel rested in a hospital, but I do. It is… strange, but I feel almost as if I have been running my entire life, and this is the first time I have stood still.”
There was fantasy, and there was Reality. And Reality coldly dictated the simple truth of the matter: all lives end. All hearts are broken. Caring is not an advantage.
“I can answer for you,” said Sherlock, trading significant looks with John, and then Lestrade. “They almost certainly don’t. And all things considered, I think you’re going to want me to focus on the massive and deadly case that you’re not permitted to actively devote yourself to when you’ve a whole division to run.”
John took a few minutes to organize his thoughts, during which time the only sound in the flat was the gentle roar of the Bunsen burner in the kitchen and the faint hiss as whatever it was Sherlock was burning was slowly consumed by the little fire.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “If you could deduce half as much as I can about him, you’d see how rigidly he abides by his morals. He has an excess of emotional intuition. Nerves of steel. An almost nauseating amount of empathy. Good luck subverting the conscience of someone like that. Perhaps you’re not so clever after all.”
Once the sounds of their footsteps had gone, John turned so he could lean against the door. He glanced at Sherlock, who still stood by the window, looking out at the street, arms crossed over his chest.
But Lestrade grabbed Sherlock's arm, and tugged him to a halt. Sherlock brusquely shook off Lestrade's hand with an outraged glare, but Lestrade didn't give him time to start complaining.
“All doors can be opened,” said Sherlock, a little too smugly. He clarified, “With the proper application of knowledge and skill. And a set of picks. Really, this would have been moderately more challenging if the lock used a keycard. For a museum’s security, this is beyond subpar.”
,” shouted Sherlock, clenching his fists to stop himself from touching the cabbie—whether to make him dead again or to shake the answer out of him, Sherlock wasn’t entirely sure.
Soo Lin was alive. The sniper was caught. Gruner had escaped death by inches (less than that, really). And as news of Gruner’s near-murder spread, the rest of the Black Lotus might at last have realized that Soo Lin was right, and scattered. He had a feeling he wouldn’t encounter them again.
“And it is for that reason that I have people outside the door ready in case something goes amiss.” Mycroft looked sidelong at Sherlock. “Things are only going to get more dangerous from here on out. For all of us. So you’d be best served resolving yourself to that now.”
“Yes,” said Soo Lin. “When our employer partnered with Gruner, I was given a position as an ‘expert’ in Chinese ceramics at the museum. My job was to inform the museum and its associates every time one of our smuggled antiques was brought to Gruner’s auction house—though they did not know these antiques were stolen, of course. Gruner would vouch for its provenance on his end, and I would ensure the museum of its authenticity. It helped us to guarantee a buyer for our items, by selling to known collectors or to museums through the London auction houses. Antiques are easier and more profitable to sell than drugs, if you can secure a trusting and ignorant source of buyers.”
case—was only getting bigger, and the body count was growing. The dead informant, John, the cabbie Jeff Hope’s victims, and now Shan.
Sherlock laughed, and the effort almost hurt. “You don’t even know what that is,” he said. “You’re controlling, not caring. Now, if you don’t mind, I’d like to go home.” He turned to go, signaling an end to the conversation.
After a long moment, he turned and walked back towards 221B, until he reached the paper lying in the street. It had fluttered a few feet in the cab’s wake before coming to rest. Sherlock crouched, and picked it up, channeling every bit of his will into doing so with a perfectly steady hand.
The sound of the door opening wrenched John from restless sleep, and he sat bolt upright, bleary-eyed and halfway between sleep and panic.
“Make two cups. Milk is in the fridge and tea and sugar are on the counter,” said Sherlock with a careless wave of the hand. John nodded once more and smiled (Sherlock got weirder and weirder by the minute), and then he returned his attention to setting up a bed on the sofa.
She turned to face the door, and immediately she smiled, much more broadly and openly than she had when she’d come to see them at 221B almost a week earlier. “Please do. I was hoping you would stop by.”
There's another puzzle coming up (you called it, Sherlock), but this one is less directly transcribed from TGG. I shall say nothing more on the subject for now; you'll just have to wait and see what insanity I've got in store.
“I’ll do it,” John volunteered, giving Sherlock a very clear ‘you owe me’ look as he did so. This mollified Mrs. Hudson enough to give an approving nod, and after a couple more reassurances that the door would be free of yellow paint within an hour, she returned back inside the house, leaving the door open after her.
John snorted and waved as Sherlock stepped out into the hall and down the stairs. The front door closed a moment later, and John settled in, picking up the television remote and flipping aimlessly through the channels.
Sherlock frowned, giving John an uncertain look. “I’m not sure I see the problem. There shouldn’t be any mention of you anywhere.”
After a moment, John crossed the living room halfway, closing the distance between them while still giving Sherlock some space. “There’s something else, isn’t there,” he said. “Something you’ve deduced about Moriarty that you didn’t tell Mycroft and Lestrade.” It wasn’t a question.
“He used three question marks. He’s already surpassed freaking out and gone straight to fear-tantrums,” said Sherlock, typing a short “On my way. –SH” and sending it to Lestrade.
Lestrade reached the door first, and held it open for Sherlock. “Careful now. Don’t enter without me.”
Sherlock nodded. “Quite. John and I had already deduced that it’s a number system, and I would assume the numbers are Chinese in origin.”
Moran landed on his feet, making it to Sherlock’s side of the road, and they locked eyes. Sherlock was less than thirty seconds behind him, and followed at a breakneck pace as Moran backed down one of the smaller side streets framing Vauxhall Park.
Sherlock threw caution to the winds. He couldn’t play this back-and-forth for three minutes, but perhaps he could intimidate Gruner for that long. The bulging vein in the man’s temple was evidence of a rising and tremendous temper. Gruner had shifted the Ming dish carefully to the side, as if moving it out of the way if he needed to make a move over the desk. So Sherlock stopped being cautious. “You’ve overstepped yourself,” he said coldly.
Sherlock nodded and shrugged simultaneously, wondering the same question. “I should think so, yes,” he said. After a pause, he added, “And I hope I am right. For both our sakes.”
His aggressor, wheezing, rolled to his side and got clumsily to his feet, looking at Sherlock with undisguised loathing. “You’re dumber than I thought you’d be. Our employer has a much higher opinion of you than you deserve.”
“Sherlock!” Lestrade walked over from the front of the building to join them by the ambulance. “The building’s empty. They’ve all run for it, looks like. We’ve found plenty of illegal goods and a few really illegal and really expensive things hidden away in there, but they’re all gone. We’ll find them, of course,” the policeman added, but the Detective looked skeptical.
“Then…” Sherlock said thoughtfully, taking a sip of tea. He sighed. “Then I’m not sure. Right now, he knows how to get in touch with me. How to find me too, I suspect. But I can’t return the favour.” He took a couple steps back from the mantelpiece, eyed the skull for a moment longer, and finally retreated to sit in his chair. “My Network doesn’t have anything to report. As far as I can tell, the Black Lotus have gone to ground. Maybe with better resources, I could find them again, but…” He trailed off, thinking. After a pause, he went on, “There’s little chance of finding them anytime soon. It’s even less likely that we could find the sniper. And we don’t know any of Moriarty’s other contacts or accomplices. His empire is massive, sure, but the reason it’s been able to get that big is because he’s an expert at hiding his involvement.”
Watson processed this for a moment, and finally grinned. "Great. Great, well. Thanks, Sherlock." He seemed to hesitate for a moment, and then he stuck out a hand.
John waved dismissively and retreated into the house (to find shoes and something to clean the door with, undoubtedly), and Sherlock hopped into the cab. The taxi pulled away from the curb, leaving Baker Street and its watching eyes behind.
John continued, “Lestrade, we’d best get going. I will be looking into the case; Sherlock will remain behind and assist me if I should need it. Mr. Amberley—“ and here John paused and shook Amberley’s hand, “—you’re a paint supplier, are you not? Out in Lewisham?”
Lestrade was waiting for them when they reached the scene. As the cab rolled to a stop—Sherlock practically throwing money at the cab driver and hopping out, with John following after—the Inspector walked forward from the line of police cars and yellow tape surrounding the area.
“How about I patch him up?” said John, looking between the two of them. “I’m a doctor. I’m sure I can handle it.”
“I’ve better things to do than argue,” he lied, as he stepped around John and Lestrade back towards the door. “When you feel like assisting the process instead of inhibiting it, do let me know.”
“So,” continued Sherlock, “we know the child in question came from Sussex to London twenty years ago and left his shoes behind.”
The sound was so loud, and so unexpected, that Sherlock jerked. He sat bolt upright, heart hammering so loudly in his ears that he almost couldn’t hear anything.
Sherlock anticipated the question, and shook his head. “I need a body. I’m told there wasn’t much of one left, and certainly not enough for a conversation. I have my limits.”
"You died," confirmed Sherlock. He consulted his watch. Watson had adequately relayed the final words and his final view of the scene in a comfortable twenty-one seconds (dying informant, shrapnel, terrified look, turn, light, grab, "M", dead), leaving fifteen seconds to use as he pleased.
That said, I’m REALLY excited to get back to writing and have been churning things out as much as possible. I actually wrote most of this chapter between lecture sessions at a conference… apparently atmosphere loss on rocky planets and the dire state of global climate policy in the USA really get me in the writing mood HAHA
“A bit,” said John sharply. Though he’d yet to meet her in person, John was aware from Sherlock that Molly had been the person in charge of John’s body when he was still dead. He felt he owed it to her to be on her side.
The Holmes brothers might deal purely in logic, but John was not like them. To him, sentiment had just as much validity, and right now, this was sentiment. Coming here was pure sentiment.
John bit his lip, thinking hard. Could he pretend to be going to get a drink or something and follow after? Or would he just have to wait until Sherlock got back to tell him what was going on? What if it was something to do with catching the sni—
John picked up a file, and glanced at the header. “I can’t imagine this is easy for him. I doubt he likes keeping secrets. Secrets this big, anyway.”
“—but I can’t do a full chemical mock-up against a database. I told you, people can help from a distance and leave me alone to do the meaningful analysis in relative peace and quiet. Pollen in the mud from nearby plants is as good as a roadmap to me. London overlaying Sussex.”
Sherlock hurriedly turned on his phone’s flashlight function on to locate the room’s light switch. He located the panel and indiscriminately flipped each of them in the hopes that one would be for the overhead lighting, and he turned to survey the room.
“When have I ever left you out of the loop, brother mine?” said Sherlock innocently, shutting the car door in Mycroft’s surly face. As Mycroft rolled the window down, Sherlock added, “You’ll be hearing from me. Quite soon, if I had to guess.”
John understood that Sherlock was trying to get him to leave for sentimental reasons. It wasn’t malicious. John just had no intention of cooperating. He lowered the pillow slightly. “But didn’t I
," Lestrade interjected, crossing his arms forcefully over his chest. "No. I do not need you butting in on that one. So you can stop asking."
John frowned slightly but said nothing as they went on, obeying Sherlock’s instructions and mimicking his casual body language. Keeping pace with the long-legged Detective in front of him and carrying his bag while not looking too obviously conspicuous was demanding enough of John’s energy and attention already.
“Neither am I,” admitted John. He paused, and said, “I suppose we need to talk. About the me being alive… thing. And I have other questions too. I mean, all of that stuff you knew about me, yesterday. About me and how I died and everything. You really just—you know, figured it out on the spot?”
John stood at his side. “I was kind of hoping…” he said quietly, and Sherlock knew he’d been thinking of the coded graffiti as well. He glanced at Sherlock. “Maybe she’s inside?”
“I will,” said Sherlock, and turned and quickly disappeared into his bedroom, closing the door with a quiet click.
Sherlock took a deep breath. “… No,” he said, trying to put as much force behind it as possible to make it a hard refusal, but even as he said it, it sounded feeble.
. You can’t tell me I’m not allowed to be here for this case now. It’s a couple months too late for that.”
“If something is wrong, it may be much more difficult to answer a phone call than to type something,” said Sherlock absently.
“It might be possible to identify some of the other members of the Black Lotus and bring them in officially. Or just question them on the street,” Sherlock was saying. “Then again, I’m not exactly confident that it would be possible to find more than maybe one individual, if any.”
refers to the angel leading the army of locusts released from the abyss after it is first opened… and in either case, Moran escaping capture seems to fit that description just fine to me XD I wanted to stick to Mycroft’s habit of somewhat over-the-top religious symbolism as a means of secret communication… because of course he would
“So you can work in silence on your own as usual?” said John, trying not to sound too judgmental and failing miserably.
lazy that it doesn’t matter. If it involves actual physical exertion, I’ve got the upper hand every time. If Mycroft can’t solve a problem through watching CCTV footage or arranging a teatime meeting to threaten someone, he won’t solve it.”
“Sounds like Lestrade has his hands full,” commented Sherlock, speaking quietly in the emptiness of the hallway.
“Well, that was – well, literally a lifetime ago,” added John. “And I didn’t really spend time, you know, down here in the morgue.”
I won’t say much more this time - more to come very soon, along with fun news about some future updates :D
“More and more every passing second.” Sherlock’s tact seemed to have abandoned him in lieu of some less mortifying venue. Perhaps horror was making him bold.
Sherlock shrugged. “I’ll meet you downstairs,” he said indifferently, and he swept out of the room with his coat over one shoulder.
“I’ll get her,” said John firmly, taking charge. “But first I need to get you up. Do you think you can stand?”
In any case, there really was no news. Mycroft and Lestrade and their miniature army of subordinates had combed every inch of the pool—and the rest of the sport complex, for good measure—for any indication as to where Moriarty had gone. But, unsurprisingly, there was nothing. A ghost would probably have left more for them to go on. Moriarty might as well have never been there. The security cameras throughout the entire building had been turned off since an hour before John had been abducted. There was no trace of Moriarty in the building, or his sniper, for that matter.
“Josiah Amberley,” continued Lestrade, turning to the man on the ground and hauling him to his feet. Lestrade started to lock the handcuffs on the man’s wrists. “You are hereby—“
“Let’s look at you, for instance. Some of the more obvious facts you know I know,” began Sherlock at a quick pace. “For instance, we have already established from our conversation in the morgue yesterday that you are—or at least were—an army doctor. You said you were stationed in Sangin, Afghanistan. I was informed you are a captain. I can gain further information without too much difficulty. Your dog tags and uniform indicate that you’re a member of the 5
But Soo Lin shook her head. “I have limited time no matter what. In a community like ours, small as it is, there are too many secrets between us for me to be able to leave. As I see it, my time is limited already. My best chance is to help you.”
There was a long pause, and then the door opened to reveal Gruner. He looked even more severe in person, his haughty expression accenting and accentuating his short greying hair and slightly narrowed eyes. He looked down his nose at Sherlock.
Sherlock tilted his head ever so slightly to the side. “Fine. Astute of you. I suppose my possession of both and the location of the sugar on the counter by the stove as opposed to stowed in a cabinet may have hinted that was my preference.”
Sherlock took a breath. “I’m not going anywhere,” he said. John’s shoulders visibly caved with relief. Soo Lin opened her mouth, looking panicked, but Sherlock gently cut her off. “I have people who will make sure this is done,” he continued. “Quickly, and without error. He is
,” said Sherlock, sounding for all the world as if he was accepting some dangerous experimental procedure. “You can do just enough to tide me over until morning and then you can go away.”
“I think that’s probably the most unsettling thing you could have possibly said just now,” said John dryly, taking a deep breath.
Now standing, John hurried around his chair—dodging Sherlock, careful not to bump into him as they both flew about the flat in a full-blown panic—and made for the stairs up to his bedroom.
’s lovely work on live journal and dreamwidth) and the German wikia page for the show for reminding me that Zhi Zhu was not Soo Lin's brother's given name in time for me to write this chapter... XD
all known witnesses to Moriarty’s criminal dealings in London,” Sherlock corrected. “You were in the process of obliterating the pawns tied to
“Annoyed, furious, tired,” elaborated John. “But that doesn’t mean I’m not glad we found you in time.”
The small courtyard outside the building that housed the Secret Intelligence Service—and Moran, and Mycroft’s miniature army—was quiet when they arrived. The smattering of car traffic and pedestrians nearby had slowed to a mid-morning trickle.
If he’d touched Zhi Zhu Yao before, they would know exactly what would happen to John if Moriarty touched him. This was why Moriarty had wanted him to touch Yao. They would know the logistics governing the interaction between their Gifts.
Sherlock eventually ground the rest of the cigarette into the pavement with his heel. It was impossible to maintain a smoking habit in London. He’d need to get back to nicotine patches. Perhaps tonight was a good time to simply make this business a three patch problem. After all, the toxins used in several crimes still looked potentially promising. With so little information to use as his starting base, the night called for multiple patches. And perhaps a cup of tea, if John was still awake when he returned.
“Then just tell me,” said Sherlock, sparing a brief glance at John. “Keep still, take deep breaths, and tell me.”
“Look,” said Sherlock, trying to find some sort of compromise between John’s roiling sea of emotional subjectivity and his own objective logical high ground. Even if he thought needing to do so was ridiculous. “Think about it this way. Carl Powers was thought to have died in an accident. We might finally be able to prove how he
“Can I ask you something?” asked John, picking up his own cup of tea, more for the warmth than anything else. “Something kind of personal. And also with the expectation that me bringing it up is not going to restart the debate about me leaving. Because that’s not happening.”
They had exchanged looks over their cups of tea, both with eyes framed by dark circles and uncertain expressions. They had said very little, but by now—two months, seventeen days, three hours, and eight minutes after John had slammed Sherlock’s head into his coffin (the first time)—they had gotten rather good at saying everything that needed to be said without actually saying anything at all.
that I was in a relationship with. I’m a good guy okay? And then the answer to your question is that you never flirted back. I mean not clearly and so I didn’t want to freak you out and stopped.”
Above all was the fact that a forced heat would be more intense and would reduce Sherlock’s ability to think straight during it even more.
John woke up with a start. His alarm bell had put an end to the dream but his body wasn’t finished yet. He groaned and went to the shower to deal with it.
Still handcuffed John arrived with Lestrade at his house. It was clear that the second man was still convinced that John was, in fact, guilty and that he hoped that he would find some evidence against him at this place.
The next few nights nothing happened. John was always on edge, always ready. He didn’t get much sleep because of that.
“So… tell me was it a ghost of a former loved one? Or no… wait… oh that’s interesting. You didn’t know that ghost when it was alive right? Oh, that’s good. Is she at least pretty? Tell me.”
“Lestrade! Lestrade! You can’t be serious with that? How incompetent is actually your team?! They missed nearly everything!”
Sherlock woke up from a few clashing sounds. He groaned as he realized that he had slept for six hours.
At first, it was a chaste kiss. It didn’t take long for Sherlock to grabJohn by the sides of his neck to hold him in place, and deepen the kiss, shifting until his weight pinned John to the mattress.
His father was the obligatory patriarch of the family. His word was rule. So when he said that he didn’t want a daughter that was such an abomination, and refused to talk to her until she behaved normally, everyone -
His father squinted his eyes, directing his narrowed gaze at Sherlock, who just stared back with a blank expression. John swallowed.
At the moment he felt like he was stabbed again – in fact, multiple times. The feeling became worse the longer he watched John.
Sherlock reacted with a small half-smile. He looked relieved as he squeezed John’s hands. “Thank goodness. I love you, too.”
“Okay, so Friday it is. But… look I think we should consider everything… what is if… you won’t remember a thing of your time as a ghost?”
They now lived happily in a cottage in Sussex, Sherlock was keeping bees and John had published their cases as a book.
Slowly everything that was sunken in got fuller until it looked like a sleeping person except for the greyish skin.
Sherlock smirked. “It was bad luck for him that I was here today. Otherwise, he probably would have succeeded; it looks like an accident.”
John smiled, showing all his teeth. Then he let go of Sherlock’shands and leaned down to continue the kiss, gently at first, then hungrily. It didn’t take long for him to allow Sherlock to remove his shirt; it took even less time for Sherlock’s shirt to be pulled free, thrown somewhere - neither of them cared where - with a frustrated groan.
He never told them that he just went to the army because of the adrenaline and the danger that awaited him there.
Mrs Hudson frowned, putting two and two together. “Oh, are you John’s father? The boys told me a bit about what happened. I was so worried - John looked as though he had seen a ghost.”
Sherlock couldn’t find anything of interest and was just in the process of judging the taste of the woman when he heard a loud rumble.
Then he felt John’s growing bulge meeting his own, and quickly redirected  his hands to wander in this area - but as soon as he removed his other hand from John’s neck, John’s hands caught his wrists, and suddenly - inexplicably - John was above him.
“But… what? No! I don’t talk to you because I feel obligated to! I talk to you because I’m really interested in you.”
“I’m not trying, John. Besides, I already said that I’m sorry, and I really want to make it up to you.”
Sherlock looked like he was pouting, which made John laugh. “Believe me, you are good at flirting in general. The gender makes no difference.”
Sherlock forced what he hoped was a polite-looking smile onto his face, while John clenched his glass like he was trying to smash it. He hated how rude his father could be. He also knew that his father didn’t like it when you give clever answers, and he could see that Sherlock was teetering on the edge of bursting into loud deductions.
“I don’t know. Maybe because I’m a nice person? Maybe because I like you? I don’t know. Maybe because I’m an idiot.”
“I already thought about that. I’ll go to the graveyard at four and they close it at five… so until then I’ll just wait until it’s dark and then I’ll start. I have to dig until I reach you… only then I can start the ritual. This will be exhausting. I mean how deep will that be?”
Suddenly Sherlock pulled him down for a messy, uncoordinated kiss which was absolutely perfect for both of them.
After they sat down on her kitchen table, both with a cup of teas in front of them and biscuits in the middle of them, John took a deep breath.
“Sherlock. You have no experience in such things and I believe that you’re quite naïve if you believe that he’ll stay with you forever. He’ll leave you eventually and then you’ll regret that you have no control of his whereabouts anymore.”
This sounded like he already had one at the moment and this train of thoughts was way too dangerous at the moment and so John did the only thing he could do at the moment.
He held his hands to Sherlock and waited until he grabbed them so he could pull him out of the water. After that, he hurriedly gave Sherlock the big towel so that he could cover himself.
“Okay… so I found your Liam Bellamy and everything you said about his wife and daughter is correct. He was a zoo veterinarian back then and that explains how he could get that equipment and how he could be such a good shooter with it. Well… the problem now is that he’s no longer living here. He migrated to Africa four months after everything happened - I know pretty cliché-like. Mr Bellamy lives now in the city Balfour in the province Mpumalanga which is in South Africa. It’s a bloody one-horse town!”
On that cue Sherlock did indeed come to the kitchen. He placed himself next to John while glaring at his brother.
“Because if you are then I have to tell you that I’m truly flattered of your interested but I have to tell you that I’m unfortunately dead.”
The detective went downstairs only to find an extremely ugly room which had been apparently mostly used for a collection of ancient dolls.
His mother only got his attention back when he noticed that everyone besides Sebastian and him were standing up and leaving the room.
A while later when he finished his dinner he decided to just ask him so he went to the living-room where Sherlock was sitting in his chair, arms in praying position under his chin, eyes closed.
He put them on Sherlock’s skin and tried not to think about the fact that he was now touching Sherlock for the first time except for when he had opened his mouth.
After that, they got called for dinner, which went pretty smoothly.  His father told everyone some stories of his youth, and his mum told them the newest gossip about their neighbours.
His whole body seemed to cramp and he knew because of the symptoms that he was having a panic attack but that wasn’t what he didn’t understand.
He grabbed his hair with his hands. Suddenly the door opened and a serious looking Lestrade came in.
John turned around and lifted the gifts once more on his arms, and between them, they juggled the gifts down the stairs to the cab and set out for John’s old house - the house he grew up in. His parents had invited them for Christmas this year.
John went to the graveyard and looked for Sherlock’s grave. When he found it he looked for a hiding spot nearby and sat down.
The two of them standing in front of a house with a garden, in front of them two more children of them playing something.
So it had been downright a scandal for them as Sherlock had told him that he was going to bond with a seventeen-year-old Omega.
“No, no. I would turn around, pin his hands over his head and shag him senseless! which,  by the way, I’m doing very often. He’s my boyfriend. So ladies, I don’t think that he will call you! He’s mine.”
John stopped, a devilish smirk gradually slipping into a soft smile, and met his lover’s eyes. Sherlock’s pupils were full-blown.
He pretended to adjust the Seven bag on his shoulder and stared at Grace’s long hair as he entered the desert corridor leading to the toilets. She was definitely stomping and the door knob trembled when she slammed the door shut. He wished – he always did – he could make that door disappear, just like Maddie had showed him in that computer game where you can kill people without using any weapons – what was it called?
Since their bonding, they had only told Mrs Hudson of the change of their relationship and Sherlock had refused any cases because he didn’t want to end this little bubble they had created just for them.
“That was brilliant, as always,” John complimented softly. Sherlock just shrugged and made a vacant gesture with his hand. John laughed at that and grabbed his sleeve to pull him closer. “Oh come on. Don’t act like you don’t know how amazing you are.”
“Oh don’t be such a fun killer. It’s not my fault that you’re an open book. You wear every emotion right on your face. It’s not that hard.”
“So I know very well what had happened and now I’m here now to talk to my newly alive brother. By the way, Sherlock you can come out now. It’s pathetic that you think that I wouldn’t notice you lingering on the stairs.”
Sherlock looked like a deer in the headlights, skittish but frozen and unsure, while John turned slowly around, his face a dangerous red colour.
“You know?” He repeated as her figure slid rapidly on the toilet floor. “You really do know, don’t you.” He stated flatly.
As soon as his eyes focused on Sherlock he smiled a dazzling bright smile, which Sherlock had to return.
He was unusually quiet that evening but he wouldn’t push it and so John couldn’t do anything than go to bed.
They felt a sudden need to comfort them but the DI repressed that because he didn’t want to create the impression that he was interested in Sherlock.
“Okay… actually that’s way too expensive for me but… okay. I’ll buy it. See it as an early birthday present alright?”
He stopped his pacing and stayed standing in front of John staring at him with a glimmer in his eyes that had never been there before.
So it was a huge surprise as Sherlock asked him to bond with him and just a very tiny spark of hope.
The woman seemed speechless and so John offered her the glass of water which she willingly accepted.
Sherlock chuckled at that and John joined him. They stayed at the bar, and  Sherlock entertained John with deductions about the other guests until dinner was announced, purely to see him smile.
“I can ensure you that I’m completely honest but as I said before I don’t want to rush anything with you, so I didn’t plan on telling you this right away.”
Now John had the nerve to wink at Sherlock and he was in that moment more than grateful as ever that he wasn’t able to blush.
John found his father sitting alone at one of the tables along the edge of the dance floor. He hesitated, but pushed on and sat down next to him.
The ceremony went smoothly, in a rush of brief greetings and hurried introductions, and quiet observation - as expected; it was the wedding party afterwards which was the worrying part. There would be alcohol and a lot of John’s family members,  a lot of other people. They followed the crowdto the door of the room, itching to reach for one another’s hands, and took a moment to just breathe, separate from the festivities within.  Then they looked into each other’s eyes for a long moment, building up their characters,before they stepped into their roles and entered the room.
John rolled his eyes and sighed but did as he was told. Then he prepared their breakfast and put it on a tray and carried it upstairs.
But they had never belonged to those who bought Omegas like their friends in this class of society always had done.
Suddenly former unpopular pupils who had been bullied had become interesting. Or at least to the others. They had fought for their attention. All of this had seemed rather suspect and disgusting to Sherlock
John smiling while his pregnant Omega, which would probably be a blond woman with blond curls was standing next to him snuggling into his side while he had the arm around her shoulders.
The next day started quite uneventfully with John making his breakfast. They both waited for a call from Lestrade. Then John decided to shop some groceries. He told Sherlock but he only made an acknowledging sound while he was sitting at his chair, still reading some papers from the last day.
It was also…interesting to meet you but if you don’t want to ruin your brother’s birthday any further I would suggest you leave.”
“Um… okay…I believe I know why you reacted so frustrated when I told you about my first kiss and my first time.”
I just... just wake up. Alright, John? If not for me, then for Rosie and Mrs. Hudson. Because they're all still here, waiting for you to come back. Can you just do that, John?"
Whoever John had been talking to a moment ago was gone, he'd been replaced by terse, clipped Sherlock.
Sherlock looks at him and then back to Mycroft. With the annoyance of being outnumbered exuding off of him, he gets up and grabs his laptop from the table by the door, giving Mycroft an evil glare as he unlocks it and shoves it into his chest, "Very well then."
"Well. I need new clothes. Mine are covered in blood and people won't stop staring, not that it bothers me, it's just annoying. As much as I wish to stay for the next hour and a half, I cannot allow you to choose clothes for me."
Everything begins to happen quickly. John's standing up now, a gun pointed at him. He remembers this part, how confused he was. Until she said, 'east wind.' Something about that wasn't right, he'd heard that before. But before he can figure it out for the second time, her tale finishes. He almost doesn't want to watch this part, but it's too late. The gun goes off, the glass shatters, and John hits the floor. She doesn't move though, she just stands there watching John. They're all watching John now. Watching and hearing nothing but his struggles to stay alive. At least, not until there is the sound of a door slamming in the background and approaching footsteps. Sherlock has arrived, and almost as soon as his tall form enters the frame, Eurus tries to move towards John, but she never gets there. Sherlock's reaction is like lightning, pulling out a gun and firing it.
Molly dropped by around nine with coffee; black with two sugars. She spent an hour with Sherlock before she headed off to work. She told him of this man who died of a carrot allergy on the London Eye. (It wasn't nearly as riveting as she thought it was.)
Paramedics and police are yelling to each other from across the room, everyone zigzagging around to help.
Sherlock knows he could probably be a little kinder but none of that matters right now. He'll make it up to Molly later. Maybe.
"That's usually the case, now be do be quiet Sherlock. And actually, I think I'll stand, thank you."
There is a pause before Sherlock speaks his next word. He takes shuttering breath but no words come.
The cab ride is quick, giving that Sherlock paid the cabbie to step on it. The door to 221B is open before Sherlock is out of the cab.
Sherlock sighs and runs his hands over his face. He was right, like he always is, stress can ruin everyday of your life. When Sherlock glances at his watch it reads half-past-three. If Rosie is still on the same nap schedule as... as before, then she'll just be waking up from her afternoon nap. Perhaps Mrs. Hudson could bring her by. That would be nice. It would be good for Mrs. Hudson to see John too. Sherlock rings her and when she answers he's greeted with a cacophony of noises.
"Alright, then I'll just," the nurse walks over to John and begins to press different buttons on different machines, each making their own chime and beep. She untangles a few tubes and straightens them out along the adjoining stand.
"We can discuss the information you have to share when John is out of surgery, awake, and capable of understanding you, incessant page."
"Yeah," Sherlock folds the corner of his lips in. He doesn't want to leave. Not again. But if John want's to rest...
Sherlock briskly walks through the door, shuts it behind him, and looks Mrs. Hudson in the eyes before pulling her into a hug. His voice, deep and quiet, recounts, "John was shot. He's in surgery. Doctors say he'll be out soon. I'm here to change and grab some things."
John half expected that. He half wanted Sherlock to just say it, whatever he isn't saying. It makes it so much more hard to be mad at him. He seems almost as broken as John feels. His thoughts are interrupted when Sherlock calls his name.
Lestrade catches his breath and asks while pulling out a stack of folders from his bag, "Mind if I run a few things by you?"
"Oh... ok. I'll be back soon. The doctors should still be fiddling with the machines when you get up there. Nothing to worry about though."
Sherlock's phone buzzes again. This time it's a phone call. Sherlock is in no mood to verbally converse with Molly, thus ignoring his phone once again.
Sherlock hangs up and descends down the stairs. He grabs his laptop and it's charger and the charger to his phone, then is gone in less then fifteen minutes since he arrived.
Sherlock's been pretending to look out the window, when really he's been watching the nurse out of the corner of his eye. "Pardon? Yes, I'm Sherlock Holmes."
With the crib in the living room, Sherlock keeps his door open to make sure he'll be able to hear Rosie if she awakens; he's normally a light sleeper anyway so it shouldn't matter.
Sherlock ends the call and looks down at John. All he wants to do is touch him. He mustn't let himself think this way. He can't. This is his fault. What he does allow himself to do, however, is fix John's blankets. He straightens and pulls them up to where he thinks is suitable, his hands lingering for a moment before he drags them back to his side. His eyes linger longer. Taking in every line of John's face. It's harder to pull his eyes away, but he does, and he grabs his things and goes.
Sherlock regurgitates everything he knows. "Name: John Hamish Watson. Wound: gunshot, deep laceration to the head. Blood type: B positive. Allergies: none, though peanut butter can give him an upset stomach in larger doses...."
"Sherlock. In the hall, please," this time holding the door open to Sherlock and motioning for him to step out.
Molly's face drops and looks as if she wants to say more but her pager goes off and their conversation is ended. Molly excuses herself and promises she'll be back tomorrow, taking the egg rolls with her.
Sherlock removes Molly's hand and gets up, turning to face her. "I'll back soon. Please text me if anything happens."
Sherlock walks over to his chair besides the bed and sits down. John shifts to face him. They sit in these positions until John speaks a few moments later.
Sherlock gazes out the window for a while, even after the sun has disappeared. He views the city nightlife begin to trickle out. Soon, buildings that weren't open before will light up, and crowds of people will flood restaurants and bars. Ordinary people with ordinary lives. No Moriarty, no Magnussen, no... no chance for ending up shot and in a coma lying in a hospital bed because of your best friend. Lucky them.
Sherlock stops before he goes in. There are voices coming from inside the room. Good, the doctors are there. He enters the room and what he sees causes his mouth to part the smallest amount. There's is John, hooked up to machines left and right. He looks so frail and broken.
John who is on his back, leans a bit to hit the switch on the wall behind the bed to turn off the lights. The room darkens quite a bit but light still seeps through the blinds on the window just enough so its not completely dark. John turns his head to face Sherlock and puts his hand out again. Sherlock takes it and their fingers wrap around each other's again. John gives Sherlock's hand a small squeeze and within minutes they're both falling asleep.
John breathes out an 'oh' as he see Sherlock breaking down, tearing up in front of him. "Sherlock... Come here..."
"I'll give you the room. I could use a cuppa anyway." And with that Mrs. Hudson scoops up Rosie and shuts the door behind her.
“Oh, really? Could you please come with me? I would rather have this talk inside an interrogation room.”
If it was reverted it would be terribly embarrassing because he felt his own pulse quicken being this close to Sherlock.
It was a really nice way to start the day. They didn’t know that their peace would be disturbed the next day.
“Yes, men who want to shag other men. He always said that they want every guy and as soon as you aren’t careful enough, they will get you, because they aren’t able to stop themselves.”
Mycroft didn’t bear to live there anymore after that and so he moved away and sold the house to me. Before that, I was just a neighbour. He doesn’t even visit the grave of his brother often.”
With that, he opened the drawer of the bedside table and grabbed something which he then put in John’s hand.
He even had to stifle the urge to scent the man when he entered the yard which was beyond embarrassing.
He walked to the stairs but then a thought occurred to him and so he went back into the living room.
John was beaming at him and Sherlock was avoiding his gaze, feeling uncomfortable about his own outburst.
“No, it’s not! You can’t honestly think that’s how mates treat each other. You deserve better. You deserve someone who would cherish you. Someone who wouldn’t lay a hand on you. Someone who would make you happy.”
John was frowning now and when Sherlock still didn’t answered he started to withdraw his arm under Sherlock which yanked him out of his rigour.
It was surprising how tall he was when he thought about how small these children were. Surely, they had had help from their parents.
By that time the bathtub was full so John shut it off and then locked his eyes with the man in front of him. He wanted to make sure that it was truly okay for him and so he waited until the other one nodded again.
Everything hurt. Literally everything. He considered for a moment if he was in hell now. But no he could feel that he was lying on a couch. His couch. He could smell his home. The smell of old furniture which he had inherited from his parents. The smell of former exploded experiments.
He always had thought that it becomes boring-a domestic life with a mate who was always there when needed.
As he settled his bag on the floor, reminding himself mentally to clean it afterwards, one of the three doors opened.
As soon as John stepped into the police station his muscles tensed from adrenalin.  He asked at the information desk where he could find that detective inspector Dimmock and waited.
Sherlock couldn’t stand this anymore and pressed himself between the two so that he was facing his mother.
John took the offered hand, and they walked together to their bedroom to pack for the trip, full of dread for the days to come.
“So let’s see…she died of anaphylaxis, or a severe allergic reaction. You can tell from the swelling around her face and neck, and there are signs of suffocation. But what caused it?
He used his whole body weight and finally the killer lost his consciousness and landed on Sherlock who fell with him on top on his back.
When he kicked Grace Wilkinson’s half-clothed legs to shut the cabin door, he had the strange impression he was forgetting something important.
John now pressed his lips together. He didn’t know how that woman could know all these things but he wouldn’t tell her more.
Sherlock remembered the day he was made perfectly clear. It was the end of November, the snow was two metres high and it seemed like it was never going to stop snowing.
After everyone congratulated them, Harry spoke. “Come on now, we all want to know. Who proposed and how?”
John had slowly turned back and had looked up in Sherlock’s face with watery eyes which had broken Sherlock’s heart a bit.
The street lights made Cody’s cheeks shine in a creepy shade of yellow. When his mother frowned and he pouted again, his face looked definitely like a cheese gâteau.
He also tried to make tea but somehow his tea didn’t taste that well as John’s had which was odd to him but he decided to wait for him until he would drink more of it.
The blue scarf that was wound around his neck suggested that much too because it usually belonged to the father of these children.
“John found a spell and he did it. It worked. I’m back since yesterday. The end. Now can I look into these cases?”
“Hello Mrs Hudson, I’m really sorry to disturb you this early but I have a few questions but if you have no time right now I can come another time…”
There was of course still the opportunity to try to get some poison pills that would definitely ruin his fertility if they wouldn’t kill him- no one wanted a broken Omega.
As John walked through the shop he watched the other people talking, laughing and some even fighting. He saw an exhausted mother with her crying child who didn’t get what it wanted. There was also a teenage girl who was just looking at her phone while her father talked about apparently boring stuff. John let his gaze wander over everyone and suddenly he felt a huge pain in his chest when he thought about the fact that Sherlock would never be able to do something like that again. He would never amber through the supermarket. He would never be annoyed by the incredible long waiting line or the incapable staff.
“I know that. But I thought you could talk to the police officers here so that they’ll make less fuss in relation to working with me.”
With that he let one hand wander to the waistband of Sherlock’s trousers which caused Sherlock to feel like this wasn’t happening.
“Um…what do you want to do? How sore is your skin? Do you think that you could take a bath or something like that?”
Sherlock ended a call and looked into the mirror smiling-something he did more often lately than ever before in his life.
The sudden physical contact pushed an involuntary moan from John’s throat. This only encouraged Sherlock to go further, and so he let one of his hands wander under John’s t-shirt.
His semen landed all over their chests and bellies and seeing that as well as Sherlock’s lips forming a perfect ‘o’ did it for John.
Sherlock joined his laugh and they stayed like that, laughing for a while. When they sobered Sherlock looked serious.
After one week John decided he could go to work without the possibility that Sherlock would be gone when he would come back.
“Anyway, I picked an Alpha for you. You’re going to meet him in four weeks and bond with him four weeks later. His name is Sebastian Wilkes and he’s a really handsome, thirty-year-old man. You won’t fight me or him. Is this clear?”
He was even more surprised than her when Bixie shot her directly at her ankle. His aiming ability was getting better and better at each murder – that was marvellous and quite unsettling, truth told.
He realized he must have been silent longer than intended because Sherlock was now frowning even harder and looking very young.
“Why are you looking this panicked? Have you regretted what happened or have you changed your mind?”
“Oh, now you’re lying, John. You only wore it once and you said that it itched, so I did you a favour.”
He opened his mouth to swallow the shy grin that was trying to spread on his face and to give a proper answer when she cut him off. Again.
John let his gaze wander over his parents and Harry, and Sherlock, who put his head on John’s shoulder, and he smiled widely. He felt, for the first time in his life, truly happy - and with Sherlock on his side he knew, he would be able to face everything in his way.
“Yes, Mrs Holmes and Mr Holmes were friends of mine and we often drank tea together. I was heartbroken when they both died.”
John’s shoulders dropped as the realisation crashed over him that this was the end. This trainwreck of a wedding, this murder scene, was probably the last time he would be able to see his family.
In front of him, there was the man he saw in the mirror. He stared at him and for a moment John was lost in his eyes.
After a few seconds John restored his senses and he stood straight like the soldier he once had been.
There were a lot of “oohs” and “aahs” and “awws” to be heard and even Sally couldn’t help but smile which Sherlock almost returned until Anderson spoke.
But his skin was still burning like hell. He wondered when John would come or if he would even come back.
“Right. Okay. Let’s see… I would wander through this city, look what’s different and check in my homeless network if everything is still all right. Then I would buy some cigarettes and smoke them all. Hm… oh then I would get my violin and play it.”
His father showed no reaction at all, so John took a deep breath and decided that it was his turn to start talking.
They reached the door this time and opened it unchallenged - only for it to collide with someone on the other side of it.
“John. You’re a doctor. You know that nothing of what you told me sounds well. I think that sleeping pills aren’t enough.  I know that you probably don’t want to hear this but I think it would be best if you went to a mental institution and stay there for a while. As soon as you’re feeling better you can come back. Maybe we just underestimated the stress and trauma you experienced.”
“Meaning I was not exaggerating when I commented on their exceptional skill as a criminal,” elaborated Sherlock, wishing the effort to keep up by both Doctor and Inspector was considerably greater.
The Detective had come in, taken one look at the crime scene, and taken out his pocket magnifier, bending low to examine a few of the flamingos.
While John and Lestrade talked, and as police officers filed into the room and started (mis)managing the crime scene, Sherlock just stood there. He felt like he was watching it all through distorted glass. Everything seemed distant and disconnected. Surreal, in a way that made him feel sick.
I also have been spending an infuriating amount of time working on rehab for my knee. Don’t tear your ACL/meniscus, folks; it really sucks for creativity and productivity. Stretching, strength training, and grumbling about stretching takes up more of my day and mental energy than I care to admit. I have some astrobiology fieldwork coming up next week, so we’ll see if I’ve done enough… (I probably haven’t, but I’ve tried, and therefore no one can criticize me)
In response to the question, Sherlock pulled out John’s gun from where he had concealed it at his back, and calmly raised it to point at Moriarty. “Both.”
Ignorant to Watson's fascination, and ignorant most of all to the passage of time, Sherlock continued his explanation. "I can deduce that the attacker was likely a sniper by training, considering the precision of the shot that killed you. And I might also say he was acting alone, considering there was only one target and he was clearly focusing on making the setup look like an accident. But the informant survives the explosion meant to kill him, Medics arrive at the scene. You arrive. So two scenarios present themselves. The sniper could either kill you and risk more men being drawn to the scene, or he could kill the informant before he had a chance to speak. Any moron would know to get the informant. So he goes for the kill shot. The informant knows it's coming, and expresses visible fear; you, as a consequence, react, and attempt to arm yourself, but the informant is convinced, and rightly so, that the kill shot is intended for him, and attempts to get your attention in order to pass on his intel before he dies. But, I might assume from the nature of your wound and death, he drags you into the way of the kill shot, as evidenced by the fact that the shot hit you from the front, at only a slight angle. So you were nearly fully turned to face the sniper, before being jerked back. The bullet strikes your shoulder, piercing the left subclavian artery on its way out, and you die instantly. People notice. You are removed from the scene. The informant has likely bled out by this time, but the sniper cannot be certain. Realizing his cover may be blown and not willing to risk another additional casualty, the sniper quickly initiates another limited explosion to rend the informant a non-threat and provide a distraction, during which time he vanishes. I know from what information I had before talking to you that there’s nothing left of the informant’s body. And I can deduce from the fact that I'm talking to you that you were removed before the second, successful explosion, since you are the only body still whole enough to speak with." Sherlock halted, turning to look at Watson. "So. A sniper. Military-grade skill. You're dead. The informant is very dead. And here we are."
, doesn’t it?” Sherlock said. “If he went through all the trouble of setting up that meeting at the pool—with messages and puzzles and all of that build-up—he has to have more in mind than ordering someone else to put a bullet in my brain from two hundred yards away. He might decide to get rid of
He stepped inside, leaving a perplexed Mrs. Hudson behind, and crossed slowly to the stairs, listening. There was no noise from upstairs, good or bad. He hesitated a moment longer, almost hoping he
John and Mrs. Hudson both turned their heads around to look at him as he entered. John flashed him a somewhat apologetic look, while Mrs. Hudson simply beamed, and waved a friendly hello.
“They’ve been getting on my nerves since we got here,” said John with a shrug, as if this answered all questions.
That being said, we always knew Mycroft was going to well and truly stick his nose in everyone's business.
Sherlock sighed and swung his leg up, fast and hard, in a high kick that made his muscles scream, so that his foot just connected with the man’s abdomen.
“Yes, but they wouldn’t publicize it,” said Sherlock. “Risk mass hysteria at the threat from without and within? I don’t think so. And with attention on the suicides, the police would have to focus there. Just keeping people calm would cost time and resources.”
“Precisely,” said Sherlock. “So that’s what we do. We take Gruner down, and we’ll have solved the puzzle. And maybe he’ll have some poignant information to share with us down the road.”
It was an unexpected relief when Mycroft rang the doorbell early on the third morning after Moran’s escape. Even if it was to talk about Moran and Moriarty and everything else life-threatening, it was better than aimless days spent wondering and sleepless nights spent worrying. The three of them had settled around the living room, with Sherlock and John in their usual chairs, and Mycroft standing by the fireplace.
“Good. I’ll put the kettle on.” John quickly made his way to the kitchen and turned on the kettle. He dug out mugs and a couple teabags from the cabinets, maintaining a somewhat forced façade of nonchalance.
Mycroft hesitated, and then he sighed. “You’ll know it when you see it. If your invitation is anything like the one MI5 received, it should be personalized.”
Amberley let out a scream. Lestrade took a step away from Amberley, and John could see why; the man looked demented. Amberley clapped his hands over his mouth.
“The real question now is, what’s our next move?” said Sherlock, thinking aloud more than anything else.
“He’s benefited more than anything from my secrets. If I had my druthers, he’d know nothing. But it was my lack of caution that made it possible for him to learn what I can do. So I’m stuck with him. And he with me.”
’  making him feel more worried rather than reassured—but Sherlock got to his feet and stepped into the kitchen without comment, turning on the kettle for tea and getting mugs out of the cupboard.
“It’s not that we have nothing to go on,” said Sherlock, scrolling through pointless messages on his phone. “We just… have no obvious trails to follow.”
—that she could get him that much closer to finding Moriarty. Alive, she could have been persuaded to cooperate with the police, in the interest of protecting her followers.
“But what’s so important about a pair of shoes?” demanded John, rather at a loss as to how this was supposed to be an exciting find.
Sherlock pursed his lips uncertainly. Maybe he could pat him on the arm, far away from any exposed skin? He lifted a hand uncertainly, hesitating before he’d moved much at all. But before he could make up his mind, Mycroft reentered the room, a folder full of papers under one arm, and Sherlock quickly dropped his hand.
Shattered glass was blasted around the room with a concussive burst of air that sent glass shards and loose papers flying in all directions, and hurled Sherlock to the ground. He hit the floor hard, along with half the contents of the room blasted off tables or falling from shelves, in an instant.
“Yes,” answered Sherlock predictably. “I think so. We did what Moriarty wanted. We figured out the truth about Gruner
His brother blinked in surprise. “Surely that would be ill-advised now, given how Moriarty had John abducted from there. And considering how well he anticipated our moves tonight.”
Moran quickly raised his gun again and fired off three shots in Sherlock’s direction, so close that Sherlock could feel the wind rushing past his ear. Sherlock instinctively raised his arms in front of his face, shielding his head as a few more gunshots rang out. An echoing, heavy sort of silence settled in the air after the last shot, and Sherlock lowered his arms to see that Moran had disappeared once more.
“Sherlock,” said John unexpectedly, touching Sherlock’s sleeve near the elbow, his tone suddenly urgent, all anger evaporated.
“I was just saying—the sniper is our easiest link to finding out more about Moriarty, but the odds of finding them are equally slim,” said Sherlock. “And, considering we now know Moriarty can bring people back from the dead, we can’t rule out the possibility that Moriarty’s sniper is someone who already died.”
“Good question,” said John, moving to clear off the coffee table while Mrs. Hudson held the tray out for him.
The ambulance arrived first. Sherlock heard the racket as paramedics attempted to forcibly open the door Sherlock had unlocked, and he hurried out of the room and back through the staff hallways to let them in. As the responders moved past him, Sherlock saw a number of police cars pulling up.
in the way. If you’d stayed back a moment longer and stayed out of my way, then our paths never would have had to cross again.”
“The same way I came in. Keep to the left side of this hallway, it isn’t covered well by the camera at the far end.”
John pursed his lips, and nodded. Mycroft descended the stairs without another word, and John closed the door behind him.
"This seems awfully high-profile, Lestrade," said Sherlock, his polite tone not quite masking his interest. "How did you find out about this?"
“Oh, fuck you and your mind palace,” John said, turning away from Sherlock but certain that Sherlock knew he was smiling. “What did you get?”
Sherlock inclined his head. “Good idea. Better for you, I’m sure. I am curious to see how you heal now that your body is now instantly renewing on the cellular level. Recovery time may be interesting.”
“You say that like it’s stupid to be worried when a criminal mastermind makes it very clear that he knows where you work.”
Soo Lin nodded in agreement. “Give me two days. If it is possible for me to get a location, I should have it by the third day.”
Satisfied, Sherlock straightened. “Test the pills and test the victims. Undoubtedly you’ll find the toxins in their blood match what is in this pill. If that’s not sufficient, then I’ll acquire something additional. But I imagine this will be more than enough. After all, no one would ever think of checking if all of the victims had taken a cab before turning up dead. Not many would suspect a cabbie of murder. Not when the deaths were self-inflicted. Cab drivers occupy a special niche. They pass through crowds unseen. It requires an uncommonly clever mind to piece together that there existed for any length of time a sponsored, murderous cab driver who would take passengers to a secluded location and convince them through intimidation or coercion to risk suicide by poison.”
Sherlock pushed through the security team to Mycroft, looking around as he did so. He forced himself to spare only a fleeting glance for the body on the ground, which wasn’t Moran, and an equally brief glance through the open doorway of the room that had, until what could only be moments before, contained Moran. Instead, he focused on Mycroft.
“I’m trying to be reasonable,” said John. “But I’ve already got enough to deal with right now. I don’t need to come to terms with being responsible for murder too. Even accidentally.” He glanced at Sherlock. “I
Molly looked at him closely, faint puzzlement in her expression. “No, no, there hasn’t been anything. It’s horrible. We’ve never had anything like this happen, not ever. We’re all under a lot of scrutiny now, of course. It’s very upsetting. I feel awful.”
Sherlock took a deep breath and crossed his arms over his chest, glancing around the courtyard of frightened-looking men and women. “Moriarty must have gotten to someone. Threatened or offered enough to enlist their help.”
Since Mycroft’s visit, Sherlock had leapt back to work, absorbed in the thrill of the chase almost immediately. It was like the sullen days sitting around the house had never happened—or, more accurately, it was like he was hell-bent on making up for the lost time.
This based on the available data from the people he normally interacted with. Lestrade might go mad, Mrs. Hudson would surely get very bored and very annoying very quickly, his family was not an option, and people like Lestrade’s lackey Anderson—Sherlock couldn’t decide who would kill who first.
John rubbed his eyes, letting this new information sink in. After hours and hours of nothing, this almost felt like too much. “It all comes back to this supposed terrorist threat, right? The one you were all hoping the informant I was trying to help told me about before I died.”
“What’s got you so scared about letting them help?” asked John, finally sitting down in the chair on the other side of the table.
There was an instant change in Sherlock’s thoughts. His heart, weighed down with leaden disappointment one second before suddenly leapt into his throat. “Tell me.”
“Lovely,” grumbled Lestrade, and he and Sherlock haltingly followed John up the stairs, ascending silently and carefully.
Horror had to be all over Sherlock’s face and he couldn’t stop it from showing. He could barely process the words. Shock and confusion and sudden, swooping terror locked him in place and froze every word and every thought he could think to say in his defense.
. That’s clever, I’ll admit. Very tidy. Very well done. And succinctly summarized, I might add. You’ve managed it all rather neatly. Like something out of a James Bond film.”
“I’m eager to get some peace away from prying, pestering people,” said Sherlock harshly, and John, to his credit, merely rolled his eyes and decided that getting permission was completely hopeless.
“I can’t,” said Sherlock after a moment. He looked at John, anxious and apologetic. He drew his hands away slightly. “I don’t – I don’t think I can take off the bomb without accidentally touching you. I’m.”
“Of course not,” said Sherlock. “If anything, it makes it more interesting. Moriarty’s interested, now. We just have to be more careful, too.”
“Ah.” The driver whistled in admiration. “That’s new, ain’t it. Figures you’ve got some secret advantage. Explains a lot.”
Sherlock tilted his head back slightly, and it hit the support beam he was tied to with a dull thunk.
Lestrade gave him a small but reassuring smile. “It’s not a lot to go on compared to the last two, but you solved those in a couple days each. I’m sure this message will be the same. I’ll keep an eye out for anything else out of the ordinary. Do you think we should go looking around again later? I bet there’s more to this than a creepy note.”
brownie points to anyone who's already guessed what story from canon I'm playing with ;D if you haven't guessed already, you probably will next chapter.
And what had struck Sherlock most about her was not her ruthless efficiency or willingness to kill someone just to keep them quiet. It was how afraid she had been at the possibility of failure.
For twenty-five years, seven months, two days, twenty hours, and sixteen minutes, Sherlock had said nothing.
he decides it’s time to kill you. So we have to try whatever leads we can find that aren’t pointless from the start.”
“Maybe I should have,” said Sherlock. “I know what he’s like.” He finally turned around halfway, looking out the windows of the living room, and John could see how hard Sherlock was struggling to keep his face void of emotion. “He’s never been particularly understanding.”
!” shouted Amberley, twisting around to draw a gun tucked out of sight from his belt. He pointed it at Sherlock. Sherlock took a step back. “No—“
“They saw the message I left for you and realized I was speaking to others outside the Tong. They came on their own, to try to stop me from talking before I could betray them. They feared that they would be punished for my actions. I could not make them listen to my reasons.”
John didn’t find this particularly surprising, in light of Sherlock’s present condition. If he was the one who had been held captive in a basement without much or anything in the way of water and food, John doubted he’d be all that chatty either. And he got the feeling Sherlock wasn’t going to enthusiastically talk about his brother anytime soon, judging from their interactions outside the Lucky Cat.
“I expect you to forward any and all prevalent information to me immediately,” said Sherlock, not listening, completely in the grip of the case at hand. He started down the hall, leaving Lestrade behind as he walked away. He needed to check again that John had nothing of importance to tell about his death. This was too good, this was too good to put off—
“Oh, shut up,” said Sherlock, smoothing a finger over the screen before starting to compose a text to Mycroft. “You’ve made your point.”
“Hm. So. Body is gone,” he said carefully. “No obvious way to identify the thieves, if your people have found no significant fingerprints on the coffin or around the building and there is no video.”
know how soon Moriarty wants you dead,” said Lestrade. “I’m not being cautious enough. I don’t want to die because you’re careless, and I’d rather you weren’t dead either.”
Kitty shifted, looking at everyone in turn—from Lestrade to John to Sherlock—and finally said, “It’s a digital camera. A small expensive one. With a black holder for SD cards. He has one for each former girlfriend. He keeps it locked in a drawer in his office desk.”
Sherlock’s fingers—were they shaking? He couldn’t possibly be shaking. He most certainly was not shaking—twisted around to touch it. He strained, reaching long fingers strengthened from decades of playing the violin until he could scrawl letters in blood on the skin of his arm just below the sleeve. His captors, in a hurry to dispose of his body later without being seen, might not notice. But the police would. Forensics would. Oh God, if Anderson was the technician who happened to be working on solving
“Death doesn’t disturb me.” Sherlock looked closely at John, expression inscrutable. “You’ve been with me for over a month and a half now. You’ve seen my methods; you know what I do. You know what I
He scanned the streets ahead as he ran, watching, hoping—and then Moran ran across the road only a short distance ahead, rolling over the hood of a car that screeched to a halt, the driver blasting the horn as they slammed on the brakes.
Mrs. Hudson flapped a hand at him. “It’s no trouble. I’m just doing it this once. I’m not your housekeeper after all, but it’s nice to check in on you boys.”
“It’s good.” John sighed, and then the sigh turned into a yawn. It was almost four in the morning, and a cup of caffeinated black tea wasn’t enough to counteract the bone-deep exhaustion that followed being abducted, held hostage, and almost killed for the second time in less than fifteen weeks. “Think you’ll be able to sleep?” he asked.
"Sorry, sorry, no, just—you don't usually use names," said Lestrade, his suspicious tone returning. "You never use first names. I don't think you even know mine."
gift was insight. It was something like instinct, a little like some kind of sixth sense, like the universe would stop time for him only long enough to tell him what to do at speeds faster than the speed of thought.
Young Sherlock's life, forever removed from any possibility of normality by his childhood discovery of his life-restoring-death-giving Gift, was irrevocably changed.
That night, and for many weeks after that, the first face John saw in his nightmares was Moran’s. He’d wake up sick at the sensation of cold sweat on his palms like drying blood, convinced he could feel Moran’s glassy eyes staring at him from a dark corner, mistaking the rustle of wind on the sands outside for the rattle of Moran’s breath.
Moriarty made a face. “Ha. I’ve done it before. People always want something. People are always willing to make a deal with the devil for the right price.”
John paused, and nodded. “Good. I’m holding you to it.” A thought occurred to him, and he added (suddenly more anxious), “Is it – you know,
“That seems to be one of his many talents,” said Mycroft, but then he sighed. “My people are still going over everything at the pool. We can evaluate whatever evidence we get from there, and try to formulate some kind of plan. Lestrade and I can coordinate our forces on that score—“ Mycroft glanced at Lestrade, who nodded, “—and try to identify a trail that we can follow to him, as long as you will agree to stay here.”
I can never resist throwing in a little bit of a) Sherlock throwing tantrums and b) investigations not going Sherlock's way right off the bat and c) John being the one to get things
“The Roll of Honor hasn’t been updated since last Friday,” said Sherlock, as John leaned forward to squint at the screen. “News of your death won’t have been publicized.”
“Correct,” said Soo Lin. “The code is based on a book…” She glanced at the shelves on the wall, then stood. Sherlock also got to his feet, as Soo Lin walked to one of the shelves and removed a book. She held it up. “This one, actually.”
“Do you mind,” said Gruner, interrupting Sherlock before he could hit ‘send’, “if I ask how you got this?”
“No.” The reply was automatic. After a moment, however, Sherlock ventured, “You do – you know, believe me, then. You don’t doubt the circumstances that have resulted in your being here.”
The Diogenes looked just as regal as it had the last time John had been there. After John had paid the cab driver, he paused for a moment on the sidewalk, looking up at the building with a distant but persistent trepidation.
“Speaking of streets,” said Lestrade, suddenly craning his neck so as to glance at the window across the room. “You need to get after him. Officially, he’s still dead, and if—“
“Yes,” said Sherlock, gathering his things. “And I’ve texted Kitty, but I didn’t hear back,” he added, with a small frown. “She may or may not turn up for the hopeful arrest, but I’ve told her where to wait for Lestrade.”
After all, weren’t they worth more than this? More than dying because they had the misfortune, knowingly or not, to be in Moriarty’s way? Than being killed because they’d tried to
“Shoes?” finished Sherlock, crouching down to look at the pair of trainers that had been placed in the middle of the faint little patch of blood that marked the spot where Shan had died. “Yes, yes they are.”
Mycroft smiled, in a coldly calculating sort of way. “Good.” He turned to nod to his driver, and at once the car pulled away from the sidewalk and into the street. The second car did the same, rolling its front tire off the curb with a soft thump before following Mycroft’s car down the street.
At first, John—still in shock at the fact that there were two Holmes men, and keen to find out more about this umbrella-wielding brother—attempted to get Sherlock to elaborate. But as they drove, Sherlock grew increasingly mute and sullen, until eventually he stared out the window and ignored everything John said.
John opened his mouth to reply, but the car slowed, and finally rolled to a halt along the curb outside a stately looking building. John looked around the street. He didn’t recognize the place, but it was certainly upscale. It had the air of a banker’s office or some expensive club.
Feeling distinctly more awake now, John looked around the rest of the flat, but there was no sign of Sherlock. At last, he came to a stop in the middle of the living room, licking his lips anxiously.
Sherlock hesitated for just a moment, but decided against arguing. Maybe John was stupid, maybe he was bold, maybe he was curious. In any event, it wasn’t Sherlock’s choice to make.
And yet, this small hideaway on the third floor was as quiet and ordinary as John could have hoped for, and the sight of the slightly dusty but welcoming twin bed was enough to exact a long sigh of relief.
the man in the photograph, meaning this is a case of pseudocide. That is, your death was faked. In which case we have an entirely different problem on our hands. Namely, there’s the issue of motive.”
An unlikely bond had formed, and with it had come the promise of a (very slightly) lowered rent on an apartment in central London, should Sherlock ever find himself wanting a new place to live.
“After all,” said Mycroft. “Why, on that particular mission, would you have chosen to fake your death? Are you working with someone? Spying for someone? Or perhaps just simply actively undermining the efforts of intelligence agents. And then, if your reasons for faking your death are noble, as you’ll certainly try to argue, why not go to the police? The government? Your superiors? No, instead you seek out the help of a private detective and try to fall off the grid. Your actions reek of espionage. Crime.”
Sherlock awoke to the sound of gunfire and shouts. He sat bolt upright in bed and snatched his harpoon from beside the mattress before sprinting to the door. “John!” he shouted, but the gunfire and intermittent yells persisted. “JOHN!” Sherlock shouted, barreling into the sitting room with his harpoon brandished in his hand.
Sherlock started them forward at an infuriatingly slow pace. Every time he tried to speed up, his muscles protested too much to ignore. He grit his teeth and kept going, pausing only when they reached the door of the room.
“I’m perfectly fine, Mrs. Hudson,” said Sherlock, endeavoring to sound offhand, and he even stood up straight for effect. John had to applaud his bravado, even if it was somewhat pointless given his current condition.
John looked up at Sherlock’s face. His eyes were wide, and he was even paler than usual, and his entire body was trembling from nerves or adrenaline or fear or some combination of the three, and he wasn’t moving.
Sherlock got out his phone and walked absently to the living room, sitting in his preferred chair by the window while John bustled about. John glanced at him with a curious expression—the speed with which Sherlock went from prying and scrutinizing to utterly disinterested was bizarre—as he went.
And while there was good reason to return John to his deceased state, because that was what everyone (including John) was expecting, that final, single fact was what did it.
“What?” demanded Sherlock. “For once, Lestrade, you know as much as I do—well.” Sherlock paused. “All right, no, you don’t, but you know everything I’ve told you concerning our crime bosses of interest here, and it’s not as if I’ve had much time or opportunity to collect any more data. Give me access to the crime scene, and maybe I can find more. But it looks as though your people have already descended upon it, and I’m not going in there if Anderson is in there.”
“Thank heavens,” said Amberley. “I was beginning to think she’d never be found. I never much liked banks, so I kept all my savings in that strongroom. Don’t know what I’ll do without it. Pension’s not much.”
“Come in,” he said, with a small smile and only a trace of his native accent, standing back to let Sherlock in. “You must be Dr. Barton.”
Sherlock paused, frowning, looking at the ruined building. “Well,” he said finally, “if the point was to kill me, it wasn’t very effective. If the point was to get my attention…”
“I’m just worried about the risks of her poking around for Moriarty’s personal assassin,” said John. He absentmindedly touched his left shoulder, where there had been a bullet in the immediate vicinity of his clavicle some two months, twelve days, nine hours, and forty-three minutes earlier.
“I’ve a couple cases, if you’re interested,” said Lestrade, hands back in his pockets. “I called, but since I didn’t hear from you, I figured I’d come by and check. Wanted to see how John was doing with things anyway.”
“Okay,” said John, both surprised and not surprised Sherlock was willing to take the risk in asking Molly for help. “Right.”
John smiled. “Sure. Though it’d be nice if we could actually talk long enough for you to tell me anything about you. Seeing as we’re sharing a living space and you’re the person in charge of solving my murder. We barely covered the basics this morning, and it’d be nice to know more about you than your name and address.”
John leapt up from the chair suddenly and began rifling through books on the shelf by the fireplace, finally taking out a medical dictionary, which he opened to a section on some heart condition’s symptoms and began to read, curled up in Sherlock’s chair by the window. Every so often he would heave a sigh, like he was struggling to resist chucking the book across the room. Sherlock could tell that John was smug, just from the way John was causally reclining in the chair.
Sherlock stopped himself from rolling his eyes at the last second, and took out his phone, setting the timer to one minute.
“You ask too many questions. Make too many inquiries. We—and our employer—have found it necessary to prevent you from continuing to do what is so clearly foolish. Your investigations must cease. We hope you understand what is meant by this.”
Young Sherlock was eight years, three months, four days, nineteen hours, and thirty-seven minutes old when he discovered that he was nothing like anyone else.
The man smiled, and came to a halt, resting his hands in the pockets of his suit. He didn’t even glance at the gun. “Jim Moriarty,” he said brightly. “Hiii.”
John smiled tiredly. “Guess we need it. I was so tired that I didn’t even hear Sherlock come in last night.”
“Until he tells me too much and we catch him,” offered Sherlock. “It’s the only lead we have. You know as well as I do that this is all we have to go on.”
“Keep her awake,” said John, one hand bundled up in the jacket he had pressed to her stomach, and the other at her wrist to monitor her pulse.
“Don’t tell me what to do,” grumbled Sherlock. “I don’t need painkillers. Pain is physical. The body is just transport. It can be ignored with the proper focus.”
“Ask him,” answered Sherlock in exasperation, stepping past her to enter the building. “But in any event, I don’t plan on wasting time debating matters with you. You should try being informed for once—it’s a marvelous state of being.”
He cleared his throat. “Just trying to make sure no one saw us fleeing the morgue last night,” he half-lied. After all, he expected his Network to report such things back to him. The key information would be that concerning who
Sherlock glanced at John, in a mute signal that if John wanted to say – whatever it was he wanted to say – now was the time. There were only fifty-two seconds remaining in which to say it, and Sherlock wasn’t sure he could stand doing this for even that much time.
John scowled. “So, you tell him you solved this and wait for the next puzzle as a reward. Great. I love playing mind games with terrorists.”
Certainly a name, of a man or an empire. Moriarty, potentially a name of Irish roots tracing back to the name Ó Muircheartaigh, ‘descendant of Muircheartach’, and therefore the lineage of the Anglicized Moriarty. Likely composed of the Gaelic elements ‘muir’, meaning sea, and ‘ceardach’, meaning skilled. A name meaning ‘skilled navigator’.
“You know what, I’m going to come back in a bit,” said Lestrade. He caught John’s eye and jerked his head in the direction of the door.
Fingers crossed for a timely, extra-exciting update next week (I swear, this semester is killing me - four classes and a research thesis are proving to be the death of me), to make up for the delay in getting this chapter finished and up.
?”), Sherlock caught John’s faraway expression and frowned. “What are you thinking about over there?”
John joined Sherlock in the living room, setting down a mug of tea on the coffee table for him. Sherlock picked it up without complaint, eyes still fixed on the skull, and John sighed inwardly in relief. Sherlock was eating and drinking whenever John offered him something, which John hoped meant that Sherlock was getting ready to mobilize again. Or that he was starting to get back on his feet emotionally, though John knew better than to say that aloud.
With a light intake of breath, John pulled out his gun from where it had been hidden at the small of his back. He glanced at Sherlock, before cocking it and settling the grip in both hands.
“It could, but that could be ages,” said Sherlock coolly, the irony that he had been in John’s state of mind only a few minutes before completely and utterly lost on him. “The sniper that killed you and Shan is one and the same. That’s so much more interesting than sleep.”
Sherlock gave the room in front of them one more sweeping glance. Something was wrong, even if he didn’t know what. “Stay close to me,” he said softly, and he led the way through the gallery and into the next. John followed in close step, the two of them passing from room to room without a sound, the silence hanging heavily on their shoulders.
Sherlock’s Gift wasn’t an easy thing to comprehend. John knew that—he’d had a hard time adjusting to the idea, and he was quite literally the living proof that it was real.
Molly was on her way out, a knitted cardigan replacing her usual white lab coat and her hair, for once, down and out of her standard ponytail, when Sherlock reached the doors. When she spotted him, Molly jumped in surprise and dropped her keys with a loud clatter on the asphalt.
The click of the lock disrupted Sherlock from his thoughts just enough to glance in the direction of the door, and then at John, bouncing on his heels with a newfound rush of excitement bubbling up in his diaphragm. “That was uncharacteristically cowardly of you, Inspector,” he said smugly.
John took a deep breath, letting this fully sink in before he said, “I’m not really sure I want to know what the next one will be about.”
John unzipped the jacket the rest of the way and pulled it open to reveal the semtex stitched into the jacket lining and the harness he was wearing beneath it, trying not to look as afraid as he felt. “… I could stop this heart too. Properly, this time.”
“Right, right,” said John, closing the door quietly. Now that they’d stopped running, and he had the oxygen needed to direct his brain to matters besides breathing and not losing sight of Sherlock charging ahead in the dark, his questions were beginning to reemerge.
John scowled at Sherlock, nodded stiffly to Lestrade and Amberley, and left the room to get dressed.
Waiting and not knowing what was happening behind the doors leading to the surgical wing at St. Bart’s certainly seemed like it fit the definition for that particular level of Hell. And a glance in Sherlock’s direction told him that Sherlock was probably thinking along those same lines.
"We should go. Lestrade clearly needs a donut. He's grown irritable with the lack of sugar," said Sherlock snarkily.
Sherlock strode forward and picked up on the glass bottles, examining the pill inside. “I would have this analyzed sooner rather than later, Lestrade. I think it likely you’ll find one bottle contains poison that matches the poison used by the four supposed suicide victims, and not some innocent heart medication typical of the elderly.”
John gave Anderson and Donovan a full ten seconds to reply and, when they didn’t, he turned on his heel and set off after Sherlock.
“Sorry,” said John, looking around as he tried to blink the sleep out of his eyes. “Do you know when Sherlock got back?”
John swallowed. Being the only person was perhaps worthy of concern, but he couldn’t help but feel it was significant, more than anything. He was needed to solve this. Needed as a source of information, rather than a source of evidence. And that carried weight. It carried purpose. It
“Because we’re just alike, you and I. Don’t you feel it?” Moriarty watched him out of the corner of his eye. The frustration of a moment ago shifted and changed into a dark kind of amusement. A pleasure that screamed danger. “I told you, my dear. We’re
Sorry for the small delay in updating, everyone - it's been a busy start to the semester, and I've discovered that "final semester" as an undergrad in no way denotes "easy semester"...
“I’m…” said John. He sighed, and licked his lips anxiously, running his good hand through his short hair in a slightly agitated manner.
tell you? I’m not worried about all of that. I don’t care if there’s a risk. Whatever danger I’m in is danger I’ve acknowledged and accepted.”
“Ha!” Sherlock sat back, still grinning. “Right. A nice thought, but Gruner is an unparalleled authority in Chinese pottery, especially of the Ming dynasty era. You could have studied for a solid twenty-four hours before meeting him, and it still might only have been sufficient for a few minutes of distraction. I confess that might have mattered if Kitty hadn’t been there to, ah, ‘help’, but there was no point in exposing you while Moriarty is on high alert for signs of what happened to your body. And Gruner proved even more dangerous than I’d expected. But I’m sorry to have deprived you of the excitement.”
Without waiting to assess the situation further, Sherlock slammed the escape window closed.  “I do believe that is our cue to leave,” he said crisply, turning, and immediately slid down the ladder back to earth, jumping off a few feet above the ground and landing with a feline sort of grace. “So much for relocking the window. Come on, John!”
John plucked at the hem of his sling with one hand in an agitated gesture. “I don’t know if I even believe you.”
“But that doesn’t mean he isn’t suspicious about it for other reasons,” objected Lestrade, glancing around the car park as if concerned Mycroft was going to appear behind him and strangle him. “Suspicious enough to seal all the records and look to me for information. Without knowing you brought John back from the dead and inadvertently uncovered a multinational underground criminal empire, it just looks like you’re poking around a case that involves the stolen body of a dead veteran and a guy who looks a hell of a lot like said dead veteran, and
Now, this chapter does leave some things unexplained (some of Sherlock's findings, some of Sherlock's actions, etc.) -- they'll be explained soon enough, fear not.
Lestrade and Amberley left. John and Sherlock exited 221B Baker Street and Sherlock stood with John as John waited on the sidewalk for the cab to arrive. “All right,” said Sherlock. “How did you know he was a house painter, John?”
being honest!” said Sherlock, angry in spite of himself. He knew it would be a hard thing to process. Mycroft—and Sherlock—operated on logic. This wasn’t logical. It was true, but it wasn’t logical. It would be hard to convince him without proving every other possible solution to be wrong.
,” he yelled suddenly, so loudly that John jumped a foot in the air and retreated as Sherlock jerked his wrist out of John’s grip. Sherlock stared at his wrist indignantly, then at John. “You said a
Sherlock opened his mouth to reply, and stopped. Perhaps that was better, he mused—perhaps it was better, if Watson was just – dead. If the full proof of his mistake simply went away.
“Because there are two possible ways for me to have a photograph like this,” explained Mycroft, picking up the photo and holding it up. It took an unexpected amount of willpower for John to both not look at it and not look away. “Either you’re the man in the photograph, or you’re trying to be.”
Standing in front of Mycroft, the truth hanging in the air between them, Sherlock felt like he’d only now just realized that Hope was still residing in the jar.
The surface of the pool rolled in gentle little waves and sparkled with the submerged lights, creating just enough light to see by.
Sherlock gave a smug nod, and settled back against the sofa cushions. “Sounds like you’re done, then. Thanks for your input.”
In reply, the woman bent so she could take off her right shoe, and she turned slightly on the spot, raising her foot and resting it on her opposite knee so Sherlock could see the bottom of her foot.
“Because it’s too late to undo things now, and it might have done some good,” said John. “Maybe I wasn’t happy to be doing something that carried so much risk, but without Soo Lin’s help, we would wake up tomorrow to find that every single link we had leading us to Moriarty was gone.”
“No, I’m…” John didn’t finish the sentence, instead looking at Sherlock. He could see the injuries and every single one made him wince. If they had the time, he would do something about them now. But John knew what it was like to try to be a doctor in a place where bullets flying overhead was normal, and he knew when it was essential to stop and get to work and when it was essential to grab each other and run like hell first.
John stared at the screen, eyes locked on Moran’s face. “I met him on my first trip into the field after I was deployed. Some scuffle at the edge of the city went bad, and medics were sent in to assist. Moran was there.” He turned to Sherlock, eyes very wide. “I couldn’t save him. He
“You can stand down now, Lestrade,” said Sherlock, completely unfazed. In fact, he and Mycroft both looked unsurprised as Lestrade appeared from the far end of the hall next to the stairs, a gun raised and leveled at the door.
“Do you really think you can manage?” asked Lestrade, an eyebrow raised as he looked at John uncertainly. “How?”
“I thought we were on the same page,” John added. “I’m less sure, right now. Today’s been something of a nightmare, in parts—and some of it is just nerves, but…”
“I hope so. You’ve practically threatened to drag me here. So what crisis is so important that I had to be here this instant? Or are you simply not in the mood to do your job today?” Sherlock stopped in front of Lestrade and raised an eyebrow.
“I’ll do my best,” said Sherlock, turning and waving at a cab a short way down the street, which rumbled up to the curb in front of 221B. “And you, don’t get seen.”
blackmailing him,” came Mycroft’s voice, just as John was reaching the door. “Just some worthless nobody I could get rid of without a second thought. I wish that was all you were.”
“Where the hell is my head for my experiment, John? Why the hell is the fridge filled with cake and what the hell did you do with my head?!”
Sherlock stood his ground. His hands, clenched into fists at his side, were actually trembling. “I could argue with you all day and get nowhere, or I could just show you.”
He should not want to tell the truth now. After years of reminding himself every day why he should not, after years of abiding by the Rules governing his Gift, he should not want to change.
Sherlock smirked. “You are. But you can lurk in the door for fifteen minutes to get a little paint off the door, right? And then resume lying low.”
“And would you look at that!” interrupted Sherlock, voice practically dripping with fake enthusiasm. “A dumb idea just found a friend.”
“Mm,” grunted Sherlock, not looking at him, and John stomped off to his bedroom, mumbling under his breath.
“You’ve got to find a better way to wake me up,” replied John groggily, rubbing his eyes. “This got old after the first time.”
Young Sherlock kept his eyes on the leader. Young Sherlock was only a child, and inexperienced in the ways of the world, but he knew enough about people—and, truth be told, enough about boys, and bullies, and morons—to know that all it took was one to make his point.
“Maybe. But only if you’re willing to burn,” Moran replied. He started backing away, with slow, nonchalant steps. “You know how much he likes to burn things. If you step out of line, he will cauterize your life. Burn everyone and everything. I know I would take personal pleasure in relieving you of your dead doctor.” Sherlock opened his mouth to retort, but Moran continued, “He’ll be in touch. Make the most of these last few days.”
And it wasn't until he was thirty-three years, nine months, thirteen days, twenty-one hours, and forty-one minutes old, exiting a morgue that contained one too few dead people, that he ever had reason to fear it might be at risk.
“Any information I might require is readily available to me. A person can identify an airline pilot by his right thumb, if they know what to look for. The same can be said of anyone. But most people don’t look. They see, but they do not observe, so they miss everything of value, whereas I can learn nearly anything I need. And learn far more.”
“All I can say in my defense is that it was all a bit… let’s just say it was a bit of a surprise,” said Mycroft. “Though it explains quite a lot, in hindsight. Redbeard, for one. You shutting us all out. Your choice of career.”
“Look,” said John flatly, looking up and fixing Sherlock with a Look. “You looked like absolute shit, and you obviously didn’t feel much better than that. You weren’t fit to be running around. And it’s a good thing to lie low after being abducted by a group of people still roaming the streets. Lestrade thought it was a good idea.”
He started with the tie which he gently removed and the other one stared at it like it was going to bite him. Then he removed the suit jacket. Sherlock hissed a bit when he had to stretch his arms for it.
Sherlock let his heated gaze sweep over John’s whole body and John felt like never before, having all the attention on his.
John couldn’t concentrate on his work anymore and his boss suggested he took a time out. He took it.
When John stood up the next morning-not to mention that he didn’t sleep at all again- he took his cane which was now always leaning on his bedside table and hopped the stairs down to make breakfast.
John let his eyes travel over the guests, finally resting on his father. He felt a pinch of pain in his chest when he thought about what Sherlock had told him, but now was not the time. Besides, his breath hitched and some of the pity he felt drained away when he saw how his father’s gaze lingered on Sherlock with so much hatred - as if Sherlock was the personification of evil. He was so caught up in the expression that he didn’t immediately notice that Sherlock had stood up, and was now standing in front of him with his hands folded under his chin.
So that's it- that's the end of this journey ;) I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did while writing it :)
So he stood up as fast as he could and rushed down the stairs only to find Sherlock still sitting in the chair.
There was nothing left of the somehow grinning, tall and the most beautiful thing in the world for John.
John had been beaming at Sherlock because of what he had said but now his attention snapped back to Mycroft and he had simply enough of all that. He slammed his fist onto the kitchen counter which made both brothers look at him.
“Congratulations I guess? I never guessed you were the type for it. So? I guess this means that you won’t work anymore right?”
John pretended not to notice it and went to make breakfast. After he finished eating he sat down in the chair across from Sherlock.
He had two floors. The kitchen and the living room were downstairs and the two bedrooms and the bathroom were upstairs. He really liked it.
Where once their two snowmen had stood, there were now two small puddles, which slowly began to merge into one big one.
John went to the kitchen to clean the used cups when he saw how Molly approached Sherlock who was reading in some documents Lestrade had given him.
She calls out from inside her flat, "Didn't make any dear, just could tell you wanted to be alone. You're an easy tell."
Should he take it with him? Will John want it? Or will John be angry he found the ring? Best to leave it. He tucks the ring behind a pile of books where it will be safe. He turns back around when Stella re-enters.
"Yes," and Sherlock's sitting down and the doctors are gone. Molly will surely be arriving soon. He clasps his hands and waits.
"Sorry, my apologies," Sherlock gives a half smile to the nurse handling the ventilator. She smiles back and continues with her work.
"Is your hearing going too now? Yes, Molly Hooper looks very worried. I have eyes everywhere, Sherlock. Call her, and when she asks if she can do anything for you, take her up on her offer."
But his body doesn't listen and Sherlock turns so he can see Mrs. Hudson out of the corner of his eye, and all he utters is a single, broken, "No."
Sherlock just looks at him. He's filled with anger, anger because he knows Mycroft is right and he hates that. He hates that Mycroft knows.
The sun is beginning to set over London. The orange sun glints across buildings, reflecting its rays into the room. Sherlock can see the dust particles floating around the room, dancing in the rays. He's always liked the sunset. Not many people know that about him. Not even John. Sherlock doesn't obsess over it like some people, but he doesn't dislike the thought of watching the sun set.
Sherlock stares at floor, and then down the hallway, and then at the door for a few minutes, wanting to go back in but unable to move his feet. When he finally does he slips in, shutting the door quietly and awkwardly standing in the doorway. John watches him intently. He's trying to find out what's going to happen next.
Sherlock's a complete idiot. What is he doing? What is he doing here? He has no right to be. He, he, he... he got Mary killed. His friend, Mary. Rosie's mother, Mary. John's wife, Mary. Mary, who despite everything, all her misgivings, loved John. Loved Sherlock. Knew Sherlock. Knew him well enough to know why Sherlock made no attempt to see John after the two of them got married. Knew why Sherlock is in this hospital room right now. Knew all of it, and still loved him.
'Because this way, my way, your doctor could wake up sooner. And all I want is for my little brother to be happy.'
Mrs. Hudson is right; she has a point. What was Sherlock thinking? But Sherlock can't be alone right now, he can't deny it. And Mrs. Hudson should come see John, even though Sherlock can tell she's afraid too.
He could leave. Just leave and slip quietly back into Baker Street. Come only when called- if he's called. John might prefer that. But he couldn't. He couldn't do that. He can't allow himself to that. John never left, so he won't either. But then again, Sherlock never actually wanted him to leave. Now, John might be better off if he did.
The paramedic places a hand on Sherlock's shoulder with a look of acknowledgment. When the paramedic stands to go Sherlock slumps back against the wall, whispering to himself through a shuttered breath, "John."
When Sherlock finishes eating, or rather when he finishes eating five bites of Chow Mein, he pulls out his laptop and sits back in the chair by John's bed. He reads a few research papers before his laptop dies and he has to set it aside and plug it in. Without anything to distract him, Sherlock has to look at John, as much as it hurts. Sherlock wishes there was something he could do, but there isn't. All he can do is sit.
It's the waiting portion that Sherlock hates. When Sherlock is left alone with John, his feelings begin to bubble to the surface. All the pain and remorse. How could he ever make up for that? How could he ever apologize?
Sherlock and John meet eyes and John tells him. John decides to tell him what's been unfolding in his mind since he woke up.
"SHERLOCK! Oh god, what's happened!? I heard from Lestrade! John's injured! Oh god is it fatal!? Sherlock what has happened? Are you alright!? Please! Tell me how you're feeling, what are you thinking!? Are you hurt!? Is John still in—"
He's fiddling with the hem of his suit jacket now. Unsure of where to go next. Maybe he'll just stop. But the words just come.
And there it is. John sits up a little, his lips parting a fraction of an amount, just enough for a little air to seep in. "Me neither."
"It's really no problem. I got everything on the list. The underwear was a bit awkward, but I have everything you asked for. What about you?"
Rosie rearranges in Sherlock's arms, re-nestling her head in the crook of Sherlock's neck. Her breath tickles on Sherlock's neck. He sits down in his chair, not wanting to wake her by putting her back down. It's oddly comforting, holding a baby. Odd, that.
And Sherlock stays like this, for hours, promising himself he'll be awake when John wakes up. He'll be awake so he can move his finger, that's what he tells himself. One or two nurses come in in every few hours to check up and ask him if he'd like some coffee. Sherlock declines each time, sending them away. None of the nurses give a second glance to Sherlock's hand.
"Well, considering the extent of his injury, he's recovering quite well. As of early this morning his swelling has gone down forty-five percent. We expect another forty percent by tomorrow, best case scenario, this evening. When the swelling has gone down eighty- seven to ninety percent we will begin to slowly wean him off the morphine and other anesthetics. Then, by the time he wakes up, if there are no intervening circumstances, there will only be around ten to fifteen percent cranial swelling left. At that point, we can administer medication to help speed the healing process up. Overall, Mr. Watson's recovery is going very well, if we stick to the plan he could be awake in a matter of days. He may have to stay for precautionary purposes a few days more. You must know how extremely lucky you are."
"How do you feel?" Sherlock's voice comes out small and almost timid from John's left, where he still stands, eyes frozen on John.
The two men hold each other's gaze and Sherlock's eyes go glassy. John can't look and turns his head, signaling to the pitcher of water and making an attempt to lean for it.
"Sherlock," he raises a finger towards the sleeping figure next to the bed, "How long has he been there?"
John's heart is pounding. He doesn't think Sherlock will see it the wrong way, but is there a wrong way? Isn't that what John wants? To have Sherlock sleep next to him?
"They finished earlier than expected; just a few minutes ago actually. Guess that's a good sign? They've moved him to a room in the ICU. They said someone arranged for him to have his own. Did you?"
He sits motionless for the next few minutes until there's a soft knock on the door and the click of the handle turning.
Sherlock's the smart one. Sherlock knows what 'happy' feels like. Sherlock has let emotion cloud his judgement before. Yes, things went poorly sometimes, but at least he felt. It had been so long since he 'felt' before. It's been even longer for Mycroft, and that's why Mycroft isn't the smart one. If it hadn't been for... well for emotion, Sherlock wouldn't have made it this far, he would have given up a long time ago. Mycroft doesn't feel. Regardless of his 'concern' for Sherlock, he has nothing. No friends. Christ, it's like he never even felt at all. What happened to them? What made this way? For once, Sherlock's tired of it.
"Yes, I know that. I'll make sure he follows his 'regimen,' what are the side effects specifically, is what I meant." It takes everything in Sherlock not to roll his eyes.
"We will keep Mr. Watson on a small amount of painkillers for the obvious reasons, but we will take away the majority of the sedatives keeping him asleep. We will also deliver medication to assist his waking up. He should wake up somewhere between early tomorrow morning and late afternoon tomorrow, there's really no telling when exactly, just tomorrow. After anesthetics are reduced it's all up to the patient. Shall we begin?"
After the doctors leave, Sherlock sits in the chair under the window in the corner. It hurts to see John like this, so weak, so frail. John can't even breathe on his own; the ventilator's noise quietly fills the silence.
Sherlock gets in the car and the driver shuts the door behind him. As quiet as this car is, the shut of the door has stirred Rosie. She makes the usual baby murmurs which make Sherlock smile. He reaches a finger over and pets her tiny hand. At his touch, Rosie undoes her fist and wraps her fingers around Sherlock's finger. Within a few seconds, Rosie's asleep again. Sherlock doesn't take his eyes off her for the entire drive to 221B.
"You know exactly what Sherlock. I'm not going to insult your intelligence, albeit clearly lacking in common sense at the present moment, by pretending as if you don't. I'm tired of watching the pity party of self loathing you're throwing for yourself, and John is too."
"Yes. If I hadn't been high on all of those drugs then I could have been able to figure out the note, and if I had done that, I would have known."
Carefully as to not hurt John, Sherlock climbs in besides him. He's on his side and very close to John. He can almost smell him, that distinct smell that only belongs to John that is now mixed with hospital laundry detergent on the sheets. John needs to come home soon.
John's mouth responds before his brain can catch up with it, and it's not until it's out that John realizes what he said.
Sherlock tries his best to secure another blanket around Rosie, making sure she'll be comfortable all night.
Sherlock gets up and moves his chair next to John's bed. He sits, but does nothing else. He doesn't talk, he doesn't move— he just sits and watches John's chest rise and fall with the ventilator.
Time ticks away. Slowly. Each tick of the clock laughs at Sherlock's best attempts to stay awake. He's so tired. He hasn't slept in ages. John calls it 'being human.' Sherlock calls it 'annoying.' The ticks and tocks of the clock grind into Sherlock's ears, driving him into insanity. But still, each tick and each tock make him sleepier and sleepier. Time couldn't possibly drag on any slower. When he finally does gather up the energy to look at his watch, it's four in the morning. He's gotten this far but Sherlock's only human after all. Despite his best efforts, despite how hard he's fighting it, Sherlock's eyes slip closed and his mind melts into a deep slumber.
Sherlock ever so slowly, with hesitation filling every bone in his body and every quiver of his being, brings his hand up by John's. He keeps it there, as if he were testing the waters, but really he's just afraid. But if he can't do it know, he'll never do it. Sherlock, millimeter my millimeter, moves his pinky finger so it lays gently across John's pinky.
"...Except I can't tell what parts were real or not. I had this crazy... dream, I guess. You had a sister and she was working with Moriarty. We were in this, this... this asylum-like place and- and she made us complete these awful... 'games' is what I think I remember her saying—"
"Can you remember anything else?" Sherlock notices the change in John's face. He always notices. "We don't have to talk about if you would prefer not to."
"I guess that's true," John pauses, a small smile quivering at the corner of his mouth, "But if I have learned anything by being friends with you, it's that things aren't always what you expect," he lets out a small chuckle. Sherlock even lets the smallest of smiles creep onto his lips.
Having enough of the memories that really hurt more than they bring joy, he gets up. He doesn't do anything else quite yet. He just stands in front of the chair. Then, silently, he walks over and sits in the chair next to John's bed. Just sits. Nothing else. More time passes, Sherlock doesn't know how long, but he knows it has since a new round of nurses start to come in.
Sherlock looks at John's hand. Then at John's face. And back again, eyes resting on John's hand. Then, ever so cautiously, Sherlock brings his hand and rests it softly in John's. John wraps his fingers around the side of Sherlock's hand and Sherlock returns the gesture.
Lestrade raises his hands up in innocence, "Alright! Alright. Sorry, geez... I'm sorry, Sherlock. About everything."
Sherlock hasn't stood in front of this door in weeks. He can't bring himself to ring the doorbell. Or knock for that matter. Knocking would be best though, in case Rosie is asleep. Sherlock lifts his hand slowly and knocks quietly. Stella opens the door moments later.
"I'll just have the hospital give me a toothbrush, Bill bring me the clothes I ask of him, and sleeping won't be necessary," explains Sherlock. He's opening up Chow Mein now; he's hungrier than he thought.
"That's a wonderful idea! But is the hospital the best place for a baby? With all those diseases and such..."
Sherlock is shaking John hard but John can barely feel it. He can't speak either, no matter how hard he tries.
, without thinking, without processing. His Gift, his power, was bringing back the dead, not seeing the future—but, in a way, his
“It’s been so nice getting to chat, John,” said the landlady, giving John a quick little hug, which he returned with the arm not in a sling. “You’re very much welcome here. We get all sorts here and you should be right at home.”
The repair work on the upstairs flat had been completed in record time, with new panes of glass in the windows and the floors swept free of dust and debris. John went upstairs to check over everything with the last of the cleaners—who had apparently come in at the crack of dawn to finish their work—and thanked them profusely for their efforts. It was good that he did, as Sherlock’s interactions with them consistently solely of storming past them to the kitchen, where he started setting up a workspace on the counter.
The force in John’s voice became more pronounced, but so did a new edge Sherlock did not immediately recognize. When he did, his voice was suddenly questioning. “… Are you worried?”
Sherlock had the acting skill necessary to know when less was more. He bristled, eyes narrowing. “Really.”
John did without further delay. He looked at Sherlock, the attentiveness in his face giving Sherlock the sensation of being dissected. The look wasn’t wholly unlike Sherlock’s expression when he was in the midst of a deduction, and Sherlock found he was not keen on being the subject of scrutiny. He never had, and it was no different with John.
Sherlock rubbed his temples with one hand, while the other traced one finger around the rim of his mug. “That’s a loaded question.”
—“ John jumped, his heart leaping into his throat, his hand flinching away from the zipper at the voice, so close that it sounded as if it was inside his head.
There were footsteps on the stairs, and a moment later, he could hear John entering the flat. John took off his jacket and hung it in the closet, and quietly shut the door to the flat. There was a pause, and then John turned on the lights.
“John was picked up by Moriarty earlier today,” said Mycroft. “Apparently as incentive for a private meeting between Moriarty and my brother. A meeting none of us were made aware of until the last possible moment.”
Plus, I wanted to explore something a little new and a little terrifying - namely, Sherlock actually feeling fear.
It was almost impossible to tell who struck first. Moran sprang to his feet—his chair falling over backwards with a bang—and rammed his head upwards and forwards to slam violently into John’s nose at almost the exact moment that John pulled his fist back and punched Moran hard in the face.
“More or less,” said Sherlock with an affirming nod. “First touch, life; second touch, death, forever, permanently. Which,” he added, “is why I told you not to touch me yesterday. And I will ask you not do so in future. I acknowledge when sharing living quarters this may be complicated, but I must insist.”
“Be…” started Mycroft, but Sherlock had already turned his back on them and stalked away to the house. “… cautious,” he finished, to no one in particular. “If that’s even possible.”
Readers, I owe you several thousand apologies for the very unexpected hiatus. I'm inarguably the scum of the earth and the best I can do is beg your forgiveness and hope the promise of no more hiatuses and a lot of impending drama is enough to make it up to you.
“You’ve made that very clear,” said John quietly. “But if he’s dead in a morgue, then his body being there and my body being here would sort of suggest that I.
“Look,” said Lestrade, “We both know that’s what this is about, but no one else does. If you’re looking to get a hold of more information on everything, why don’t you see about trying to get higher access from your…“
“One wrong move…” started Sherlock. “One false step or one surprise attack, and you’re dead. I’m not doing it.”
“Oh, come on,” interrupted Sherlock. “A second opinion is very useful to me. And you’ve proven yourself at least somewhat competent in the past. You caught on well enough with the cabbie. And with Mycroft. And with the sniper’s movements in Afghanistan.”
“Indeed,” said Sherlock. “Those responsible for the events in Afghanistan are bolder than I had initially thought. And apparently very determined to leave the police with nothing.”
matters. He was in a cell then, but it’s been less than thirty-six hours since you said that, and now he’s gone.”
Sherlock, meanwhile, pulled a few of John’s handwritten pages toward himself, and sat down at the table. “A selection of unsolved cases within the London area for the last fifty years.” He examined John’s handwriting. “Where did you begin?”
He stood there, looking down the now empty street and replaying everything Moran had said, word for word, piece by piece. The eleven weeks, two days, six hours, and fifty-eight minutes that had passed since he and Lestrade first touched on a crime orchestrated by Moriarty suddenly seemed unbearably short, culminating in a sudden stop that was fast approaching. And more than that—the fate and final course of so many lives would be decided in that time. He felt sick thinking it.
that there happens to be a sponsored serial killer loose in London creating enough panic over multiple supposed suicides to keep both the police and news media distracted for who knows how long? I don’t believe in coincidence.”
John shrugged and said, trying for a smile, “Probably for the best that professionals did it. And it’s fine that Mycroft’s lot didn’t get here in time to see you ripping my clothes off in a darkened swimming pool. People might’ve talked.”
“Somehow, I knew you’d say that. So just… be on your guard. We’ve lost eleven agents to him already, and those are just the ones we know about,” said Mycroft. “I’d rather that didn’t happen to you.”
, of all people, to try to get information out of Moran? Moran’s the person who killed him two months ago, in case that somehow slipped your mind. If being ‘impartial’ is your concern, we can both be confident of the fact that no interaction between John and Moran is going to be objective. Or productive, for that matter. This is a stupid idea, by anyone’s standard.”
The second was that he could not tell John about this. For less obvious reasons. But something told him this was not likely to be taken well. Normal people and their proclivity for sentimentality rarely meshed well with death. Especially deaths they may or may not have unknowingly had something to do with.
“I’m fine,” said John, in a voice that suggested he was anything but. He wiped his bleeding nose on the back of his sleeve (which did nothing but smear the blood even more). He glanced at Mycroft. “Was that what you wanted to happen?”
Sherlock sat up a little straighter. There were only so many possibilities, but there was one that was on his mind more than any other at the moment. “… The Black Lotus’ assassin. Zhi Zhu.”
“Sherlock looked at John. A wide grin was crossing Sherlock’s face. He could see what John was thinking. There was a pause.
Moran passed under the east end of the bridge and through the wharf, still a distant figure occasionally moving out of sight. Then Moran turned left and vanished between two buildings.
“Yes, well…” Mycroft shrugged, giving John an appraising look that John actively avoided returning. “I won’t pretend I understand it, but I would be stupid to ignore it, and I would be lying if I said I didn’t think it was fascinating.”
I’m aiming to finish most of the remaining chapters as quickly as possible and very close together, so I can release them without any unexpected waits in between. My hope is that the rest of the summer will grant me more time than usual to work on fun-writing rather than just work-writing.
But if they did, Sherlock knew he would be exposing them to incredible temptation. And incredible danger.
Amberley seemed to snap out of his funk and promptly walked to a small passage out of the living room. John followed him until they reached a thick door with a padlock. “Is this where you kept your money?” said John, somewhat amused at the very old-fashioned looking room, like a bank safe in the man’s pantry. It had very clearly been a back boiler room of some sort before Amberley converted it into a sort of vault. A few remnants of old pipes hung from the ceiling, totally at odds with the reinforced and well-locked door.
Feeling lost, John made his way to the police station, where he met Lestrade and Amberley, both of whom were leaving the building.
the point of the note. I didn’t disappoint with my handling of the shoes. He’s inviting me to keep playing. And this—“ Sherlock held up the little dish that had come with the note “—is the next challenge.”
At least, it should be. He thought it was. It was… he knew this, he knew he did. Fast-acting… fast… God, his head hurt.
“No? That’s too bad,” said Moriarty. “Allow me to properly introduce you, then. This is Zhi Zhu Yao. ’The Spider’. A skilled assassin. One of my most valued.”
“But,” Moran continued, shrugging, “I guess people become interesting when two psychopaths who can bring back the dead try to recruit the same person. Even if it
John had managed to get the vast majority of it off quickly enough, but now there were faint streaks of yellow blending in with the dark blue, making the whole thing look just a little too multicolored to be passable. John shot a bit of the door with cooking spray (hopefully the internet hadn’t lied about this) and attacked the paint with his sponge, balancing crouched on his heels and muttering about lazy magical detectives and smugglers undoubtedly enjoying watching him scrub paint. Seriously, this was idiotic. Next time, Sherlock could get the paint off the sodding door himself—after all, it was technically his fault that there was a bright yellow numerical nightmare all over the door…
A shocking amount of bright red blood was streaming down his face from his nose, which he was doing absolutely nothing to stop. He looked suddenly wan and utterly exhausted, like he’d run a marathon in the last twenty minutes.
To Sherlock, it wasn’t obvious. Maybe it should be, but it made sense somehow that Sherlock could see all the things people missed and then fail to see the obvious things for himself.
Sherlock would sporadically get up and pace the room, or flip distractedly through his files, or even take up the violin resting by the window once more and play rapid-fire scales. Anything to keep busy, anything to keep distracted.
Sherlock ignored John’s protests and focused on the numbers. Exactly twenty-two seconds passed, and then Sherlock coolly punched four buttons. The alarm beeped, and reset.
The room had been trashed but not searched, and there had been no attempt to obfuscate the intruders’ purpose. All signs of the obvious struggle were left in a deliberate, clear message.
Unbonded Alphas didn’t just touch unbonded Omegas and they never really never scent them without being at least engaged.
He wrote down the address and this said name and put it in the pocket of his jeans. That was the best place where Sherlock wouldn’t accidentally find it.
Sebastian let him go and began to dress again and gave Sherlock’s mother a charming smile what almost caused the Omega to vomit.
John prepared everything and looked into the mirror to shave. He dropped his razor. For one moment he saw a man standing behind him.
But that wouldn’t work for long. His heat would start sooner or later and then he would be helpless without a save housing which he wouldn’t be able to pay because his family would make sure to block every access to money.
Her name was Maddie and she was mute. When she was eight years old she was on an overnight school excursion, she had no friends and was bullied.”
He paced back to John with the now-finished tea, and sat again in his chair. He left John’s on the table, and contemplated his full mug. After he took the first sip of his tea, he decided to just make the suggestion of the second best option.
He closed his eyes and braced himself for what was about to come when Sebastian had successfully shoved his own trousers and pants down and was now pressing his length to Sherlock’s buttocks.
John reflected. He almost immediately felt terrible about the thought. He leaned in the doorway, watching Sherlock work, distantly aware that someone was calling the police.
All his schoolmates and teachers had found that funny and laughed and whispered about him as if he hadn’t meant it the first time he had said it.
After one hour suddenly the doorbell rang. Sherlock considered not going but the ringing didn’t stop and so he forced himself to the door.
The children had added a dark blue blanket around him which they had arranged so that it looked like a coat.
When he finally got it, John raised his eyebrows and then beamed at his mate who had now a smug smile on his face.
The Omega made a frustrated sound that was interrupted when suddenly a wet heat closed around his painfully erect penis.
“You’re an idiot. I would be still dead. This is fantastic. I’m alive, John! Listen to me! I’m alive! I think I have never been that happy to be in pain!”
He hummed hesitantly and scratched his eyebrow as he extracted Bixie from his bag. A kid at the zoo had called it that way a couple of months before – “the gun that makes lions soft and sleepy.” He wasn’t entirely right: the rifle didn’t contain anaesthetics, just a paralyzing substance to make aggressive animals docile and still and
Sherlock scannedJohn’s face intently for a long moment, like he was looking for something. After some time, he seemed satisfied that he’d discovered it.
“Oh, they had a car accident. It was terrible. The boys were twenty-five and eighteen that time and it was just too much for them. The older one plunged himself into his work and the younger one plunged himself into drugs.
Then it was his turn to check the injuries and he looked at everything closely and put one hand to John’s face while doing that.
A heavy silence filled the room for a few moments while everyone but John looked at his father, breath held. John didn’t dare. He focused instead on the loose thread in the knee of his trousers.
But besides this and his deeper voice, there had been nothing different and so he had thought that the teachers had just tried to scare them all.
Sherlock’s eyes widened once more, his heart loud in his ears while she continued unbothered by her obvious panicked son.
Of Sherlock were only a few centimetres left and so John smiled internally when the sharp pain began.
The ladies toilet looked different, somehow. It took him a moment to notice the new huge bin under the sinks. It was oddly large and narrow.
“Sorry, I didn’t want to wake you. I just tripped and let my stuff fall.  Anyway, I got what I found. I looked for something to check you.”
John smiled and told Sherlock about the shop and Irene. After he finished Sherlock who hadn’t once interrupted him finally spoke.
Everyone except John ignored her until she came home with boyfriends, which made her so unhappy that she started to drink.
John sighed and slid the heavy hand from his face onto the mattress, watching carefully for any sign of the man beside him waking. Sherlock laid on his stomach with his face towards John. The sight in front of him put a smile on his face.
Sherlock just shook his head determined and so John took the steps with him. It took them almost twenty minutes until they reached the bathroom where John made Sherlock sit on the toilet lid.
He absentmindedly pulled her in the second cabin and tried to sit her on the closet lid, but she didn’t seem to be able to sit upright and slid awkwardly between the wall and the WC.
The knob was still warm when he held it in his gloved fist for a second. He had held it several times when he had followed Grace there to figure out how and where to keep her heartbeat from disturbing the world disorder. After each Arsenal indoor match, Grace and Cody usually spent an insufferable amount of time drinking chocolate and chattering about football, school plans, trains (they seemed to be obsessed with them), and other shades of nonsense leaning over those round tables.
The jumper he had hated so much at the beginning was now catching the tears that he was the reason for.
John reached for the nightstand to get the lube, and coated some on his hands, settling comfortably  between Sherlock’s thighs.
John’s father turned his face away. John swallowed, feeling that pinch of pain in his chest again, a sad ache and a burning anger at the cause of his father’s issues. He was shocked by his sudden outburst; his father was usually a reserved man. For a moment he didn’t even know what - or if - he should respond.
As soon as they arrived, they saw that John’s family were crowded against the police tape, as close as they could get. The bride was sobbing, and Ember’s mother looked pale, pinched and shellshocked. Many of those less familiar with Ember herself - his father included - watched suspiciously as Sherlock adjusted his position and bent down next to Ember.
When she left he went into the living room and grabbed the scotch bottle. He poured it in a glass while thinking about his situation.
Francesca might think that he was mentally ill but he wasn’t. He knew that there was a man. A man who saved his life. Although he actually didn’t believe in supernatural stuff he thought about what the mysterious man could be. A ghost? A demon? An angel? Or a hallucination although John didn’t know the man and he wasn’t able to create such a good-looking man in his head.
“So… what do you think? Do you want to dig my body up to splatter it with your blood and then to revive it?”
“Oh, John. Sherlock worked with the police. I remember he told me that he had his first big case and oh he was so excited. I hadn’t seen him that alive since his parents died. But everything went wrong.”
“Um… hang on… that was when I was elven or twelve if I remember it right. It was the girl that lived next door. She was at the same age and her name was…Lilly, I think. They moved away a few months after this and I never saw her again.”
“No. I didn’t even know which of them it was - and even if I knew, I wouldn’t have.e I was too ashamed of it.”
. He felt she was unable to react – she could just feel the pain in her legs and the cold humid surface of the toilet floor.
John woke with a start when a heavy hand landed directly on his face. He blinked his suddenly wide eyes, and squinted, noting that the sun was barely filling the room. He turned his head to look at his watch.
“Oh, that. At first, I just threw books at the walls and let stuff fall. Later I played scenes from war movies on your laptop.”
“I guess my stomach disagrees with us. So…I think I have to go and make breakfast. But don’t worry. You don’t have to leave this bed. I’ll bring everything upstairs.”
Nothing happened and John had an unbidden painful thought. What if this was Sherlock’s plan all along? So it was easy to get rid of him.
John navigated them both so that they were lying on their sides to make the time until the knot would swell up more comfortable.
He patted again the piece of paper he had pressed on the cabin door and covered his teeth with his lips, thoughtfully.
Or that was what John hoped anyway. He didn’t want him to know that he was going to do some research to find out if there was any way to bring him back.
“I mean what you said to your brother. Did you mean it that I’m the main reason you wanted to be alive again?”
As soon as he got out of the cab he stood in front of an impressive looking shop. It had a glass front where you could see some books which you could buy. None of the books seemed special. Over all of it was “Yen-Cave” in massive letters written in dark red. John squared his shoulders and got in.
They both felt like their scents melted together to become one and after a while, John pulled back to lick the wound so that it could heal.
Sherlock stared into John’sdeep blue eyes,feeling warmth spread in his whole body, from somewhere in his chest to the tips of his fingers.
“I can do whatever I think is the best thing for you. I’m responsible for you and you can’t live forever like this. I mean you’re thirty-five, Sherlock and don’t let me even start about the fact that you’re living together with an unbonded Alpha! You should be bonded to an Alpha and have a lot of children by now. But no you chose to
Later, they made their way back to London. As soon as they opened their flat door, John felt like he could relax and breathe for the first time since the invitation had arrived.They unpacked their belongings, chatting about everything but the wedding, and ordered a take away. They settled quickly back into livingd their life together - the life they both loved - and tried to avoid the topic of the wedding, and the lack of family that John felt as a keen loneliness only Sherlock could eclipse.
. Lovely girl, my Maddie. And unfortunately dead, but…” He straightened up Bixie at his hip and placed it horizontally in a casual movement. “…you know.”
Sherlock just gave him an unimpressed look and continued staring at himself at the mirror in disgust.
It had been no surprise that she had been way cleverer than an average kid should be but it was indeed a surprise as she declared that she wanted to take over Sherlock’s job.
When he was twenty-seven years old, he had been already used to the pitying looks he had gotten from anyone because he had been unbonded.
Each of them drifted into the living room after dinner, and settled themselves on cosy sofas with glasses of punch, while the fire in the chimney gave the room a cosy orange glow.
His father frowned, but did not appear to want to continue the conversation. He turned  to talk to some of the other people on the table until they were interrupted by the toasts and speeches, and then the dance floor opened. Everyone stood up, and moved around the room to mix with other guests; a surprising number started to dance. One of the women who gave Sherlock her number asked him to dance with her, and he accepted, with John watching bemusedly from his position propped against the wall. He could see how hard the woman was trying to flirt with Sherlock, but he just looked like he was internally screaming.
John who had worn his best pyjama had fidgeted with the seam of it while coming from the bathroom into the room.
John frowned and put the gifts he carried on the ground. Then he stepped forward towards Sherlock and put his hand on his arm. He waited until their eyes met.
“Alright. I’m going to see what I can do. I’ll let you know when I know the answer. Okay, I should go. It’s good that you’re alive, Sherlock. Bye, guys.”
As soon as Sherlock entered the flat John had to stifle a growl because of the scents which were drifting in his nose.
On such days they just sat on the couch and watched TV and John had his arm around him and Sherlock laid his head on John’s shoulder.
That’s the reason why he always thought that he would be doomed to be alone forever and he didn’t really care about that for most of the time.
He basically hanged on Sherlock’s lips. Something that John could relate to. When Sherlock finished, Lestrade looked exhausted.
While he was reading he began slowly to clench his right hand over Sherlock’s body so that there was blood dropping everywhere.
Sherlock was pacing back and forth in the living room while John was drinking cup after cup of tea. He hadn’t felt this tense since he had woken up at night because of the noises. The irony in that let him burst out laughing.
“By the way, I think it would be best to bring a ladder… I mean in the best case, I’ll have to get you also up. Oh and I’ll need a portable electric drill to open the coffin.”
He even tried to date Beta woman although that was always ending bad- either because Sherlock found a way to sabotage it or because they just couldn’t hold his interest for long.
He let the suspicious looking inspector in and led him into the living room. They were alone or so it seemed.
“Yeah, just…” Cody’s eyes widened in an attempt to look adorable. He failed. “As you’re going to the bar, buy me a Mars bar first.”
He looked for a long moment into Sherlock’s eyes, silently arguing, silently begging him to back down and let him follow. Sherlock didn’t budge. John eventually nodded.
“Um… I guess. I mean he worked before with the police so I think it shouldn’t be a problem to get him in again. If… that’s what he wants.”
When it had been time to go to bed, Sherlock had gone first to the bathroom and lay down, awkwardly waiting for John.
The day came and he woke up with hope in his heart. He went downstairs to make himself breakfast. After finishing eating he stood in the middle of the living room with his cup of tea in his hand. He enjoyed the beginning of spring and the first twittering of birds while the first shafts of sunlight warmed his face.
