“Cas, you gotta start talking normally. You sound like something out of Pride and Prejudice.” Dean grumbled. Cas gave a small shrug, having no idea what either pride or prejudice had to do with the conversation but felt it was probably a minor issue.
talking about the water?” Dean walked out to meet them, stretching slightly before walking next to Castiel and casually taking his hand in a small throwaway act of intimacy that felt more solid than any of Dean’s sexual suggestions. Castiel attempted to look nonchalant, and ignored Sam’s gaze.
The exodus suddenly gained new legs as Dean Winchester entered the space, gently but firmly pushing those who were stuck in their own memories toward the path and picking up people who had stumbled. Finally the space was clearer and he was already turning back at a run toward the bandstand and Sam when he saw another flash of light, a golden swarm that circled around the top of the bandstand before blinking out of existence with a blast wave that picked him up and slammed him hard into the trees, bouncing off one and ending up in a bush.
By the end of an hour they were all out of breath, and several muscles were aching in Jody’s thigh. There had been an injury too; Dean had kept hold of his little sword and had accidentally bonked Annie a bit too hard on the arm, although it was Dean who was more upset than Annie.
“A good time?” Dean repeated, his eyebrows rising briefly before he laughed. “C’mon, live a little Cas! We have time. You’re keen, I’m keen and there’s a really big bed
It was an ordinary, pleasant evening and as everyone knew, ordinary, pleasant evenings always tempted fate.
They looked at each other a moment longer, before Dean shifted his weight and slowly leaned across to press a kiss to Castiel’s mouth gently. Green eyes opened again to fix him with a still sleepy but significantly more friendly look, a small lopsided, slightly sheepish smile on Dean’s face.
“Is he dying?” Dean’s eyes were enormous. “I didn’t mean to do it! He fell! He was running and then just went down!”
“Hmph.” Castiel slowly and deliberately closed his fist a little more, feeling more than hearing the small squeak from Dean. The wriggles slowed and finally Dean waited, clearly impatient. It was just as well, his own willpower was already slipping. Castiel’s hand gently nudged the man’s legs apart, hand finally moving down to place a digit against Dean’s opening and rested it there, waiting and watching and feeling the ache deep in his body reach new depths as a look of uncertainty and desire and determination flickered across Dean’s expression like an emotional disco.
“Appreciate the decor tips but the ritual is very clear on what needs to happen, pumpkin.” Balthazar’s hand drifted over Castiel’s shoulder lightly and clearly affectionately, and Dean suddenly realised he and Castiel weren’t the only ones with a lack of clothes. His eyes opened a little wider, glancing at Cas for some reassurance that this wasn’t going to end up as a strange angel threeway and not having a huge amount of success penetrating the intensive look.
“Your invitations. I would have accepted them had I been reassured you fully understood the situation.” Castiel expanded, pushing past the growing suspicion that discussing this was a poor decision as well. There was no guarantee that Dean’s keenness would continue, and sure enough not a muscle moved across the man’s face.
Castiel finally snapped out, lifting his head with the determination that Jody had noticed he sometimes had whenever he was feeling particularly protective.
It was as beautiful as he had imagined, and yet he had very little time to appreciate the display. The heat of Dean’s body clamped down around him, each little shudder  simultaneously flooding his senses, and Castiel bit back a cry of his own as his willpower failed him and he came hard and deep within Dean’s heat.
Their eyes met, Castiel’s curious and Dean’s defiant, before he slowly, slowly pressed his finger past the reluctant tight ring of muscle into the secret heat of Dean’s body. The angel couldn’t look away from Dean’s face in utter fascination as the focus left green eyes, the man biting his bottom lip subconsciously as he fought back a whimper. A beautiful sight, both powerful and vulnerable at the same point, and Castiel felt another deep throb kick him as Dean let his head tilt back.
Well, he might not be a murderer but there were a whole range of other awkward reasons for a half naked - or fully naked - guy next to him. Dean bit his lip and looked around the room a little more, before slowly sliding out of the bed and landing on the floor with a soft little bump. He waited, heart in his mouth, but there was no movement from the man nearby.
A hand was waved awkwardly toward Castiel’s midsection. The angel frowned a little harder in honest confusion.
“Would you like me to restore some of your energy?” still anxious, a little hint of uncertainty. Dean stretched and settled back again, a small shake of the head. No, he liked this. Sure, his body felt like it had been wrung clean of any strength whatsoever, but it was a good exhaustion, the type that came from finishing a marathon or achieving whatever the physical goal was, and quite frankly it also came with a great excuse of why Cas was wrapped around him now. Yeah, he was happy to let it come back gradually and then he could think on all the stuff he needed to cringe about. For now, sleepy.
After that, they’d spent a couple of hours in the yard, digging, running, getting so up close to nature that Jody was pretty sure they could grow potatoes in the muck in Dean’s ears. Yet another bath, and the duck was sunk again by the boat. Sam advised it was due to duck warfare, and Jody couldn’t disagree with him.
At least there had been no argument over who was going under cover. Sam had acted as though the obvious choice was him and Cas, and all Dean had to do was shrug, argue a small amount and then agree. Pretty damned easy. Bit too easy if he was feeling paranoid, but if Sam had any real thoughts about him and Cas then he’d kept them to himself for years as it was. Probably fine.
“Why would you balance money on a surge?” Humans were perplexing. There was a soft laugh from the other end of the phone.
Sam was on word strike and merely nodded, still wide eyed and stunned. Still, there weren't tears and that was a good thing. She hated hearing either of them cry. Seemed against nature.
“They both look the same age.” Jody glanced across at the sleeping Sam. “Sounds like the spell.. or whatever it is .. had a fixed age. Any idea how to remove it?”
. Just leave me alone.” the words were delivered through gritted teeth, both hands curled into fists and tension outlined throughout his body. Castiel sighed. This was neither ‘fine’, nor how he would have wished this conversation to have gone.
“Right,” she said, cheerfully. “I’ve got a couple of teddy bears here, one green rabbit - don’t ask me why it’s green, it just is, a couple of those adult colouring books … uh, colouring books for adults rather than dodgy pictures.. and some pens, and a large cop car. It’s all the stuff we were planning to donate a while back and forgot. Most of it’s from weird Christmas lucky dip things. I’m not normally a bunny girl.”
“Dean believes it’s his job to investigate all locations first to check they’re safe,” the angel explained.
Did he feel okay. Well, that was a complicated question. Dean winced slightly and rubbed the back of his head with a hand, slightly sheepishly.
Dean bristled but the words seemed to be genuine. He gave a little reluctant nod, and watched as his brother began to walk toward the door.
Another very long silence and a man who looked as though he was approaching his own personal hell of a question. Dean’s eyes flickered toward the doorway nervously, as though concerned that someone might be watching, before turning back to Castiel with the cautious air of one expecting a trap.
“Who was that?” Dean’s voice was casual but Castiel believed he could detect the slight hint of nervousness.
“Sam. Generally, yes.” Castiel leaned onto the nearby counter and allowed his eyes to drift to the front door. “Have you had a productive evening?”
Probably fine was still the review after they had arrived and carried in the two suitcases they’d brought with them. Dean glanced around himself with grudging approval. The home was small but clean and modern, with a small yard out the back and a patch of clearly carefully tended flowerbeds out front. It was all ground floor, a large bedroom to the rear with a bed large enough for the average yeti, a modern bathroom, and a merged open plan kitchen-living room thing with leather sofas and a tv that desperately needed some sort of sports match on it.
“Mgm.” he said instead, but didn’t push it. If he kept his gaze away from Sam then things hurt less. That worked.
“Do you know how you want us to do this?” Castiel breathed after another hard kiss. Dean looked at him dazed and uncomprehending. The angel hesitated, not sure how to approach the subject of who went where but suspecting straight forwardness was probably the best route to avoid unnecessary problems.
“Yeah. Some of the markings are linked to a few specific power companies.” Sam replied, the confirmation that at least the creature or god or whatever had been identified. Castiel all but sagged with relief. Knowing your enemy might not immediately lead to success, but at least it gave them a starting point.
That seemed to be a fair bet. Still lying on his side, Dean’s head was resting against Castiel’s shoulder and the line of his body was all but draped over the angel’s. Castiel was aware of the heat that Dean was generating, and the soft, gentle vibrations of a living, breathing,
“C’mon. Let’s get in and get you unpacked. Remember, you only have a couple of suitcases at the moment, the other stuff will come in a few weeks time. I’m here to check whether the furniture will fit. Clear?”
“Anyway, you’re working on getting him back to normal. It’s all okay, Cas, I promise.” Sam’s voice had softened. The guilt hesitated for a moment.
“Fucking hell!!” The basket went flying and Dean went automatically backward until his back hit the door. Eyes wide, panting softly and his heart feeling like it was about to jump out his chest, Dean tried to recover his decorum. “Dammit, Cas!”
“Yes, it’s a good look for you.” Rowena commented from behind her table. Dean scowled in her direction and then cautiously down again at where his hand was linked to Castiel’s as though in disbelief. Not that either Dean or Castiel tried to extract themselves from the situation, hands remaining clasped as though this was some essential lifeline. Perhaps it was.
Still, this was exactly the reason why Castiel had not wanted to push anything whilst Dean was unaware of his own feelings toward the matter. It was depressing to see how correct this decision had been.
“Oh for goodness sake! You both keep saying that as you genuinely expected them to be fine! Were you honestly
The column had finally led to the bandstand, and Dean felt Cas’ hand tense. He winced internally. Okay, that was probably fair. Getting zapped with electricity wasn’t something you were going to forget.
“Dean,” Castiel decided to step in before Dean added to the torment clearly happening in the man’s mind. “I enjoyed our time together. My only concern was that you did not know the truth before acting.”
The sound of voices made his head snap up. And that was definitely his cue to leave; sure, it was probably just a couple of walkers doing their walkery things, but last thing he needed was a reputation for ignoring signs on his first damn day and anyway he just had to trot down the other steps before-
A few moments of healing later and the damage was resolved, Castiel opening his eyes again to focus on Sam’s face that had already gained significant relief.
Sam nodded solemnly, and deliberately didn’t look at Castiel. “I will do my very best. So.. uh… how’s the head doing? That mark is still really vivid. Sure you don’t want someone to take a look at it?”
He was still breathing and there was a soft murmur that sounded as though Cas was trying to wake up. Each little shudder vibrated through Dean, and he hugged him harder, not knowing what else to do. Shit, perhaps bandstands
“I believe you had the same view for the last few days as well,” Castiel offered, and was slightly taken aback as Dean snorted another laugh and scrubbed his face with a hand. Finally he let it fall away as Dean lifted his head to study the angel still stood in front of him.
“Ancient magical relic.” Castiel took a mouthful and hesitated, looking at the glass for a moment. “This is agreeable.”
“I don’t care.” Definitely Dean 100% back to normal. There was another sleepy yawn and Cas stroked him again, mostly because he could. Who knew how long this would last for? He bit his lip and tried not to focus on that aspect. One evening was more than he’d ever thought was possible.
Sam fixed him an impatient look that suggested this had already been covered multiple times. It probably had, but Sam talked so much that occasionally Dean just tuned him out for his own sanity.
And for a little while there was no movement. The sandwiches stayed on their little plate. The hot chocolate cooled on the side, a rogue marshmallow still gamely floating. The occasional sound of passersby on the road outside, a laugh, a vehicle, the call of an owl in the nearby trees. Castiel’s arm still curled around Dean as though it might in some way protect him against a situation that Dean didn’t even know was occurring. And Castiel watched him, carefully, conscientiously, a moral battle fighting within him as he surveyed the boyish features of his ‘husband’, the dark eyelashes against his pale but slightly muddy cheek, the occasional freckle, the innocence that shone through whenever Dean wasn’t fighting.
Another hard kiss left them both breathless, their bodies intertwined enough to grind beautifully against each other as Dean’s nails raked gently down Castiel’s back.
Having sat down at the kitchen table, Dean took another look at Cas as he began to demolish the bacon rolls that Not-Debs had brought. His husband. Currently sounded a little stern, but then that did seem to be concern and confusion, and Dean guessed his own behaviour probably wasn’t acting right. Who knew, perhaps he was normally a hugger and Cas was wondering why he hadn’t had his morning kiss.
“Right.” Cas looked like a bunny in headlights. Sam shifted position, sitting and curling his legs under him like a human shaped cat, the blanket still wrapped around himself. He was also looking significantly less tired, which was probably a bad thing.
“Dream battles can be complicated things to fight.” Castiel had already settled on a much needed small white lie. Dean disliked being vulnerable. Suggesting that a condition was simply another battle to fight and win should, logically, then put him back into a steering position and perhaps settle him further.
,” Jody said firmly. “If it’s just some old relic with a curse that someone forgot to remove then there’s no big bads trying to kill them, right? They can stay here and rest and
Swearing, Dean stared up toward the car that was so close and yet so damned far; Sam was not the easiest of people to move at the best of times, let alone when he was dead weight that needed to be moved gently. The curses gained traction, and he stared back down at his lifeless brother anxiously. No, no, Sam would be fine, they’d be fine, it had to be,
Even he couldn’t last forever. His climax was so close, tottering on the edge, and Castiel paused to take a shaky breath as he opened his eyes and surveyed Dean sprawled underneath him again. So breathtaking, Dean’s face flushed and his body shining from sweat that merely emphasised the beauty of his form, trembling from sensation and need.
“So.” Sam said as soon as they were positioned near what Sam assured him related to the water. Castiel closed his eyes wearily. And he knew that voice well.
“I’m going with him!” Dean would have folded his arms but the sword almost poked him in the leg when he tried. In the end he just aimed the wobbly tip of the sword toward them again. “S’my job.”
“No, he’s pretty good at being an asshole, it’s just not normally this concentrated.” Sam shook his head and sipped the ridiculously strong coffee again. “I don’t think he’s sleeping.”
Hell, Dean still didn’t quite know what to make of that. Happy? Terrified? Bewildered? All three at the same time? That was a possibility.
A kiss thankfully resolved where that conversation was going, and it was proving to be one of the more enjoyable physical forms of punctuation. They were breathless when the kiss was finally broken off, their gazes locked in what appeared to be a romantic game of chicken where each waited for the other to form the situation.
First of all Dean didn’t know what happened. Casl had crawled under the bandstand until the only parts of him still visible were the sensible shoes that his husband seemed to be wedded to. There had been a sound like an electric bolt had just hit, a strange zap-sizzle-feel it in the bones noise, but Dean couldn’t immediately place where it had come from. The realisation hit only a moment later.
Still, he could watch over him until Dean was better. That was the least he could do under the circumstances.
He squeezed Cas’ hand again and looked at his eyes hopefully, but Cas’ expression was unreadable. Dean was about to say something further when the leaders moved to the bandstand and one stepped forward. The crowd surrounded the bandstand expectantly, filling every little spot that they could as they watched.
“Bite me.” Although Castiel suspected that the older Winchester was definitely in the mood to be the one with the teeth based on Dean’s current expression.
“Dean..,” Castiel took a step toward him and then paused as Dean failed to even flicker. The comfort of seeing him whole slowly began to slip away. “... Dean?”
“What? Uh. Yeah. I think so. I..,” there was a pause and his voice grew smaller, taking a better look at himself “..uh, I haven’t got pants on.”
“Because …,” Dean stared at him before screwing his eyes closed and lowering his head in frustration. And that Castiel could fully understand. Sometimes life was significantly easier when the Bad Thing was pointed out to be destroyed. Subtleties and areas of grey were as annoying as they were bewildering.
There was a small pause from Dean and a little frown to suggest that this was something he hadn’t considered.
, but slightly. And yeah, he could get used to that hungry look in his angel’s eyes, especially as he moved so damned quickly to line himself up against Dean’s already battered hole and push straight the way in. Dean lost his breath again, widening his thighs and trying to regain his breathing as Cas found a whole new level of speed to work at.
In the end they had agreed on a compromise. Cas could have a look at some of the wooden structure from underneath, having been able to squeeze through some of the decorative gaps around the edges, and that way Cas could see the ‘historical detailing of the construction’ without actually stepping onto the out of bounds platform. Crazy, sure, but Dean had already accepted the fact that his husband was a little odd.
“So when Deborah and I couldn’t really carry you, Debs ran back here and was lucky enough to find Cas. He picked you up and brought you home.” She had the bright, happy smile of someone pleased with the general world picture. Dean nodded slowly. Dean. His name was Dean. And the guy in there was Cas. And Cas was …
“This would not be-,” Castiel began again, but Jody shushed him a second time. The angel settled back down with a distressed look on his face, clearly disliking the idea of an upset Dean. Some things never changed regardless of how large Dean was at the time.
The only thing they’d disagreed on was the phone that Cas had secreted in a pocket. Dean was mildly scandalised - this was not the time for distractions! - but Cas had insisted in such a way that Dean had given up. At least he was confident that Cas’ manners would stop him from using it at an inappropriate time.
“Actually, I didn’t. Sex is fine. They’re very pro-sex.” Sam shrugged. Dean perked up a little and said a brief prayer for that.
, and Dean glanced over his shoulder in what should have been a glare and instead resulted in the most puppy dog expression he’d ever pulled in his life. A look, apparently, that Castiel was finding it really hard to resist based on the slightly haunted longing look in the angel’s blue eyes.
“Oh, for christ sake, Cas, we both know what Dean’s like.” Perplexed had moved to amusement. “He’s going to get himself in trouble short of tying him to a chair in a locked dungeon. And even then, he’d just get into a different sort of trouble. You’re not his keeper.”
man next to him. Within ten minutes Dean had shifted positions slightly to cuddle closer, a soft mumble in his throat and his arm gently resting itself across Castiel’s stomach.
The smoke rose into the night sky prettily, but now that the congregation were away from the woods and the bandstand no one seemed to care. Castiel moved between people, snatches of conversations surrounding him; people worried about long forgotten family members, kids that were left behind with whoever, glimpses of old friends and old connections that had been torn away from them for so long.
Cas frowned, head slightly tilted as he tried to understand this viewpoint. It made no sense. “Why?”
They were a damned good fit. He felt full to bursting, pleasure mixed with pain, and Dean whined again sulkily at the distinct lack of action. Still, the view had its own benefits. Cas’ expression was just as intense as ever but there was a light tremble through his body and the clear look of someone fighting against his natural inclinations to just plough in. The lights and the weird disco ball only added to the glow, illustrating Castiel’s form so well it was like an artist had designed it, which given Balthazar’s presence it probably had been.
“Cas, it’s fine.” Dean kept his voice casual. “You hold my hand a bit, you smile at me, I smile back, we call each other some cute names and laugh, and then make a wink wink suggestion every so often.”
Ergo, the two small boys in various colours of plaid and slightly battered had to be Sam and Dean for reasons she couldn’t even begin to imagine. On the plus side, they didn’t seem to be baby demons.
to them. They wrote songs to it, stories, histories revolving around this emotional anguish, occasionally even spoke fondly of it. In many ways it was brave.
The hungry caterpillar also made an appearance, and Dean maintained that it was only hungry because it was eating leaves and not pie. Another aspect that she couldn’t really argue with.
“You know the situation, Cas. You don’t want me to continue then I won’t, I promise,” he said softly. Castiel growled and Dean jumped a little as Cas’ nails dug harder into the skin of his hips, a little blast of pain that mixed happily with the agony and found a new way to increase. He liked that too? Awesome. Full on pervert, him.
Turning, he was mildly surprised to note that the man’s face was equally cautious, but then Dean was past caring. The occasional interruption he could deal with, but this was a whole lot of shit. If Sammy-kins was going to disapprove of same sex marriages he could damned well not walk in without warning.
hurt as far as Dean was concerned. Still, they had a job to do, and he’d have to find a bottle of whiskey somewhere else. How hard could that be?
Dean made a soft scoff through bacon. “What, like some sort of witch circle? Better be careful, they’ll turn us all into sheep or squirrels or something.”
Dean gently but firmly took hold of Castiel’s shirt and tugged him up to stand in front of him, so very, very close.
“I woke up a couple of hours ago. That’s why my arm is where it is. Been dozing since that point.” there was the sound of Dean yawning sleepily.
“What aren’t you telling me? Because either you don’t know what it is, and you’re making up the bit ‘bout Sam being fine for a few days, or you do know what it is and you don’t want to tell me.” he scanned the cautious expression of Castiel, frowning slightly at the look. “So..?”
“Doesn’t get much better when they get older,” Jody advised. “And I guess it could be worse. They could be a year younger and you’d be dealing with potty training as well.”
“Dean’s never seemed to be the shaking sort.” Castiel said, still clearly reluctant. Sam smiled at him gently.
And it was almost certainly too late for that, but this at least was time for an appropriate confession. And, strangely, a small amount of irritation. It was not uncommon for Dean to treat him as though he was an adult shaped child, and although it was sweet on occasion it was also extremely frustrating. Truth be told, he was old and tired. He remembered times of old, different lands, diverse people, laws and rules and behaviours. Perhaps he did not understand things fully, not the ‘human’ way certainly, but that did not immediately relate to knowledge. And he knew what he wanted when it came to Dean. In many ways, it was one of the few clear things left in life.
going to work-,” Jody paused as the small boy appeared as though by magic at the doorway, looking dustier than ever and with a few new smear marks across his cheeks that made him look as though he was about to appear in a baby version of Lord Of The Flies. In his hand he clutched his little sword, the other the teddy bear. He looked immensely proud of himself.
Castiel turned around again, scanning the surroundings, and the look of anguish on his face almost made Dean push himself up and announce his presence. Only Sam ran up, his hand on Castiel’s arm and urgent words in his ear, and the angel hesitated. Another pained look around him before Castiel ran after Sam to finish mopping up the mess, and Dean closed his eyes wearily. What was it? Ghost? Demon? Some fucked up ritual shit? Probably didn’t matter much, it all felt the same. And he was probably about as much use to them in his state as a broken devil’s trap.
Debatable. Castiel cast another look at Dean and then immediately away again as though eyes were scalded by burning light.
Castiel jumped like a startled bunny, and Dean closed his eyes wearily. Okay. Didn’t recognise that voice so that probably meant this was the brother. And if the scared look on Cas’ face was anything to go by, Dean reckoned that Sam probably didn’t approve, even with all the water fixing he was planning to do for them.
“You do say that particular thing a lot.” Castiel considered it. “Although when you say ‘fuck everything’-,”
“You’re bringing some personal effects. The community kinda provide the major stuff,” Sam looked around himself critically. “Apparently they like white and cream.”
For a moment his heart felt as though it had stopped entirely, Castiel staring at her with the look of someone who had briefly forgotten the language. Accident. There were many types of accident, and many of them were lethal. But Dean was Dean. Lethal happened to other people, and he had to cling to that.
“Cas. C’mon,” Dean fixed him with a defiant look, his hips shifting slightly in what he hoped was invitation. Cas’ eyes seemed to darken, the intensity finding a whole new level to reach and for a moment Dean had a paranoid panic that he’d accidentally managed to offend him in some way despite their current positions being naked on a rune decorated floor.
,” Dean said, a little sharper, before his voice softened again. “Jesus. How often is it that we have something that
“I need you to stay close to me tonight,” Cas had murmured in his ear, and Dean had given him a fond look back for his protectiveness. It wasn’t as though he actually needed to be protected - they weren’t exactly going to be jumped on by a bear, for god’s sake - but sometimes it was just nice having someone being that concerned.
“I wish it was that easy,” Castiel felt like the worst friend possible and tried to ignore how much the man slumped next to him. “You can’t make a decision without information.”
Blinking, still sleepy, he looked up into a brighter room where Balthazar had opened the blinds and allowed some of the light to filter through from the new day. The candles had gone and so had the floor pattern, the disco ball still slowly rotating and sending little mirrored flashes across the room. Balthazar himself was settled in a padded armchair set in the corner, reading a newspaper with a glass of something seemingly alcoholic sitting next to him on a table. Castiel, of course, was still wrapped around him protectively, and Dean enjoyed that sensation for a moment before looking back at Balthazar warily.
“Two to tango, Cas. Force the issue, give him the choice. If you don’t, he’ll just talk himself into ignoring everything.” Sam said. “Trust me. He’s good at that.”
Needless to say, this desperation for control was almost certainly one of the reasons why Dean was not sleeping. It certainly should not drift into sex as well. There had to be some point where the weight of the world did not press as hard onto Dean’s shoulders.
“Cas.” Balthazar spoke finally with a strained voice, and Dean was about to ask what was going on when he felt Cas grip him tighter, one final, deep and hard thrust in him and his angel stopped dead, tense for a moment before shuddering against him as he came. This apparently was the cue, as Balthazar came next, Dean unable to pull away as the hot, sweet come flooded his mouth and was swallowed just as quickly as the most practical way to get rid of it.
“I am aware. I’m just not sure what to do with it.” Castiel folded his arms. “He has firmly fixated on our marriage, in detriment to all others.”
“So we should be doing this naked?” Dean replied. Castiel had a sudden flash of severe and unpleasant panic. That would be taking it far too fast.
The angel smiled, wrapping his arm around him and pulling him tight. Awesome was definitely right, and not just for stolen orgasms. Lying beside Dean during the case had been both exquisite and a living nightmare, a look don’t touch torment that found vulnerable areas that Castiel had not even known he possessed. The ability to stroke him, to touch him and witness his delight was magic by itself. Sure enough, Dean gave a soft little sigh of contentment, a cat next to a warm fire on a freezing day, and nuzzled him happily.
“Breathe,” he said softly, and Dean made a sulky face at him for even suggesting he might have forgotten the oxygen requirement. Still, his body slowly relaxed, a too quick breath gradually finding a slower alternative, and Dean’s eyes fluttered shut as he let out a soft groan-sigh.
. Relief flooded through him and Castiel opened his mouth to speak when the realisation that Dean hadn’t moved hit him.
“I shut everyone out, it’s just me!” Dean snapped back. “And this ain’t either your problem or your business, so
The angel looked at him politely. Dean flushed again and muttered something under his breath that Castiel pretended he couldn’t hear, before the angel gently captured Dean’s chin in his hand to draw his attention back onto himself.
Dean prowled closer warily. He’d seen something like this in some sort of horror film, IT maybe, or some other older thing that harked back to a ‘days gone by’ type of era. A circular structure, with a tiled cottagey roof, wooden posts and a cheery paint job. Yeah, that was definitely what you put in the middle of a damned wood.
His own brand of adorable insanity squirmed in his sleep, shifting his weight before settling again with a soft, sleepy moan. Castiel found the smile on his lips before he was even aware of making it. It was certainly wrong to feel so strongly about a human, but then out of all the wrong things he had done over the many years Castiel felt this was one that he was satisfied to do. But then even that was a poor interpretation of what could be, full of what ifs and could haves and regret for not taking the moment.
His hips lifted almost of their own accord, Dean groaning weakly as Cas shifted his weight to line up and then suddenly realising that a plunge might not be the smoothest ride. He was about to query whether a bit of spit wasn’t a possibility when he suddenly realised that his lower half was feeling… odd.
Castiel did not know what the determined look meant, but it seemed important. He was just opening his mouth to query when Dean held up a hand to shush him, offering a small little smile before pushing himself up and heading toward the door.
“Shh, it’s fine. You all would have come to help me if I needed it,” Jody looked down at the sleeping Sam again. “ Although it’s been a while since I looked after kids this young though. Not long enough to forget that they look sweet and cherubic when asleep and normally turn into demons when awake, though. Sneaky demons.”
“Yeah, I remember. There’s a vacant house in The Glen who our contact-,” Couldn’t remember contact’s name, but he doubted that mattered as long as Sam had it. “-arranged for us to get. Cas and I will pose as a newly married couple because they really,
It was welcome to see Dean’s desire so plainly spelled out. However, this did not necessarily mean that Dean would be leading all activities. With the truth acknowledged, finally,
Lunch had been eaten, although Dean had refused the carrot sticks. Sam had wolfed his own down and then begged for more in what was possibly a show of solidarity with his little green bunny. Later on she had discovered that said little green bunny had also been given a carrot stick for lunch, although apparently the bunny was of the same opinion as Dean as to its appeal.
“I know you’re really old, but we’re not your kids.” he pointed out. Castiel was even more perplexed.
“You really gonna keep wearing the trenchcoat? In bed? C’mon man, live a little. I can lend you a t-shirt, something a little more cozy.”
It did, however, seem a little ungrateful not to acknowledge their concern. Having reached the house and deposited a still unconscious Dean carefully on the bed, Castiel turned to offer a small smile to the women.
Sam growled softly and shook his head, taking the opportunity for his longer hair to cover his eyes. “No. It’s all fine.”
Mingling itself was relatively easy; having assumed they’d be surrounded by people with various levels of ‘weird’, he was pleased to note that most of them seemed .. well, kinda normal. Relaxed clothes, modern day chat, laughing, the occasional reference to a late night poker game that he was definitely all for, and someone had brought one hell of a lot of doughnuts along which were sitting on a big plate looking lonesome.
“I didn’t know you could .. uh,” Dean kept his voice low, as though the neighbours were about to burst into the room and complain about the noise. The immediate frown cleared from Castiel’s brow as he worked out what ‘uh’ meant. Oh. Yes.
Lunch proved to be a continuation of odd things, including more greenery that Dean seemed to be perfectly content with. Castiel eyed him. It was not a bad thing for Dean to obtain a taste for healthier foods, but the sudden change did not settle his nerves.
And people were starting to leave as well. Definitely their cue to go before they started getting asked some complicated questions.
She surveyed the damage again before mentally shrugging. It could be worse. They could have thrown themselves out of windows for a start. Holding out a hand for Dean to hold, then the other for Sam, she led them back downstairs.
Sam watched him for a moment longer, then gently put his hand on Castiel’s shoulder and gave it a little squeeze that the angel assumed was a mark of solidarity rather than a strange form of massage. Castiel looked up, faintly startled.
Turning a corner, Dean stopped to take a breath. Woodland. Who the hell built houses around woodland, anyway? Trees and trees and the occasional squirrel or werewolf if you were unlucky. It was like they’d tried to make a tiny little Central Park in their little gated world, and failed miserably. Muttering to himself, Dean turned another corner and skidded to a halt.
Remarkably, Dean was still on the bed by the time Castiel got back to the room, although sadly he was equally still awake. The angel stood in the doorway and studied him carefully. The man looked as though he had gone several rounds in a vicious fight, his hair ruffled and out of sorts, his posture poor, and his expression weakened despite the standard scowl that seemed to be permanently etched to his features.
“It’s rum.” she advised when Castiel sniffed it, a frown confirming his curiosity. “So.. I guess this is the bit you tell me what’s going on.”
It was likely that his thoughts had managed to show on his features as Dean looked curiously at him and then sat up a little more, his cocky grin turning thoughtful.
“All good, Cas.” Dean watched him as the shirt slipped on, and then even further as Cas sat on the bed and slowly moved into position. His added weight dipped the mattress enough that Dean all but rolled into him naturally, something that the elder Winchester seemed perfectly content about.
Ultimately, his speculations couldn’t help. Dean would wake in the morning and be keen to cuddle further, to kiss, to do all the things that Castiel had always wondered what it would be like to do with Dean. Asking him would only discover what Dean’s current mind believed was true, and the consequences of any wrong move could be catastrophic.
Castiel had never seen Dean so eager to talk about anything emotional. Ordinarily this was the time when the man found a reason to go out for a long drive, or drink, or discover a fight somewhere. It was not a bad change by any means, but when you were desperately trying to avoid the situation there was something to be said for distractions.
“It’ll come to you.” Sam rubbed his temple with a finger. “And the only reason I can get in is via a guest pass thing, and seriously, that took a
“Force him? Please. He’s a big boy, he can work out what he wants to do.” Balthazar looked back at Dean thoughtfully, and ran his thumb lightly over Dean’s lips again. “Isn’t that right, sweetheart?”
The words continued, rhythmic, dancing, warm. Dean could feel his mouth growing drier, a tingle throughout his body as he watched, entranced, unable to look away. The outside of his vision had faded away to darkness but that didn’t matter either, the world was not going away and the lights were dancing and flickering around like fireflies. Despite the fact that there were several rows of people in front of him it felt as though the words were only for him, murmuring, persuading, and Dean strained to hear and feel every word.
Dean opened his mouth to speak again before lifting his other hand - with bear still attached - and rubbed his eye with the ball of his hand in the same way as he had when smaller. He focused on the bear and frowned.
Dean, of course, managed to turn a difficulty into a near impossibility. Pushing himself from the doorframe and coming closer, Dean’s hand gently and curiously slid over Castiel’s chest, his eyes clearly fascinated by what he found. Castiel forced himself to stand still. This was… well, it was .. inappropriate. Yes.
“Ah. A novel way to remove hell, but we must attempt all options,” Castiel replied solemnly, then smiled and leaned down to press another couple of kisses against Dean’s neck. Oh, and who the hell had taught him how to do that? The sensation was fantastic, the soft breaths in his ear, the scratch of stubble, all conspiring to drown him in need. And then Cas lifted his weight to get going, and fuck, that sounded so awesome it could have had its own tv channel.
“I have, as it happens. So get this,” there was the soft sound of pages turning from the other side. “Those symbols for the electricity?”
“It’s okay, Dean. Castiel is just going to get some supplies,” she said soothingly. “I need you here with me.”
Apparently the answer was unknown to Dean as well, who merely scowled and shook his head stubbornly. This was not unusual, in Castiel’s experience. There were many things that Dean disliked in the world, and having to ask for other people’s help was high up on the list. Well, unless the help revolved around pies or other such stock. Dean had his priorities firmly mapped, and many of them oozed fruit filling.
“I don’t believe I said he wasn’t, to be fair. But he is a friend, and he knows magic. He will come through for us, I have no doubt.”
“You are not and we will be having words later on,” Castiel replied sternly, and then nodded to Sam again to lead him out the back where the water pipes or whatever the damned thing they were fixing was. Probably some mains or something, not that Dean really noticed the water pressure being anything bad.
He’d been on earth some time now and Castiel felt he had learned significant aspects of the human condition thanks to the Winchesters. Many of said conditions seemed to be negative in some way, but apparently you could not appreciate the positives without a contrasting force. Needless to say, both Sam and Dean had seemed to take this viewpoint to extremes, and presumably were due a significant positive aspect any moment now.
When he had finally settled, when Castiel had breached him fully and Dean was sat on his lap, the angel took a moment to allow them to ease into the situation. His younger lover was a picture, a mix of need and nerves and desire, Dean’s breathing shallow and quick and his eyes pleading silently.  Castiel could feel every little tremble that worked its way through Dean’s body, hear every little whimper, and the tight, hot heat surrounded him fitted so perfectly it was as though designed. To a certain extent, he believed it was.
And it was all hectic and mad and messy and infuriating and silly, and strangely… relaxing. She couldn’t quite explain the feeling she’d had when Sam had given her a massive hug before running to bed, nor the way that Dean smiled so trustingly at her when she took his hand. She’d kissed one on the cheek automatically after putting them to bed and stopped in shock, but the boy - Sam - had been so pleased that she no longer cared whether it was a good idea to take things that far. She’d bathed the boys several times now. A kiss on the cheek was nothing in the great scheme of things.
, he had explained, and Cas had given him a shocked look as though Dean had grown two heads and various unusual body parts. Dean still had no idea why. Rules were
“I believe this particular spell will need another spell to correct it.” Castiel lifted his head and fixed Dean with a look that needed a whole book of translations. And that was probably pretty bad, based on past experience.
“Okay. Be right back. And at least that explains what happened to the trifle in the kitchen,” she walked back out the door. Jody’s eyebrows rose, turning back to Castiel and his current passenger.
First Dean’s bed, now his clothing. The day was full of unexpected but welcome surprises. Castiel considered the offer before tilting his head slightly in acceptance. Ignoring the additional shiver of pleasure for the situation, a thinner fabric between skin might also benefit the aid of comfort on a practical ground.
Castiel scowled at him for a moment before shaking his head and deliberately changing the subject. “I need to look at where he fell to see whether there’s anything that’s caused this. There’s supposed to be a ceremony tomorrow.”
Castiel frowned and reduced the distance again, trying to analyse Dean’s words a little clearer. Only he knew, they both knew. The conversation had no corner where awkwardness was not invited.
“He is keen,” he said finally, and with extreme emphasis. “Very keen, and I cannot possibly undertake the level of intimacy he wishes as he is at the moment. Which makes it imperative that you fix the water soon as possible, as clearly we cannot do anything until he has the ability to take a shower. A proper shower. A shower we can fully discuss.”
Castiel reviewed that. “So if we were to sleep with him during the night then he might be able to get some sleep?”
“Because I’m the only one who could do the ritual, keep up Sam.” Balthazar looked at him as though he was crazy. “You were sick, you needed some help, we did a ritual, and now you’re up and talking and alive and isn’t that fantastic? That
The angel had not anticipated this aversion to Sam, and Castiel pondered on its significance. That Dean would not be as close was a given, but it had been less than half a day and there were strong objections despite Dean not having seen his brother in this new headspace. Why? It was all very perplexing.
“Cas, it’s okay. Stop looking at me as though you’re worried I’m going to stab you.” Dean added. Only it wasn’t himself Castiel was worried about getting stabbed. The lines on Dean’s face spoke of his tiredness, and the cheerful, carefree expression had long departed, leaving only a what if and a should be once again.
“What other option do we have? He carries on like this, he’s going to break himself falling down stairs or walking in front of a car or something. Sometimes you just have to shake the answer out of him.”
“Jody. It is good to hear your voice.” the angel hesitated before asking the question she knew he was desperate to ask. “How are Dean and Sam?”
“Well, I would feel much better if you know what could be lurking in the woods,” Jody said solemnly. Indecision flashed across Dean’s face as he glanced at the brightly coloured book in Jody’s hands, and then down at his nearby sword. A small battle was clearly taking place in his mind.
“How on earth did you..,” she stopped herself. “Okay, nevermind. Right. You’ve both had some form of breakfast, now let’s get you worn out. Where’s Sam? Oh. Sam, .. don’t do that. And get out from under there, I’m not cross, I’m just … well, surprised. There’s a good boy.”
“Well - omphfh,” Dean got over the shock of a mouthful suddenly thrust upon him and began to chew. “Okay, are you happy no… fucking hell, this is
“I see.” Castiel was lying, but he thought he might have a vague idea of what they were talking about. And it seemed easy enough. Stern voice equaled discipline from a father like figure. This was not necessarily a bad thing. “So you will tell me what concerns you have?”
There was a weary sigh. “Not well. I found the first contact. He was amused but couldn’t really offer anything useful. I’m trying to locate the second one. I believe she should be able to remove it, but whether she has the inclination is another matter. The affliction appears to be some form of curse, which can be difficult to stop once triggered.”
“You have literally just hit your head from some type of incident. Increasing the chance of a tripping hazard seems a little foolhardy.” the words were a sharp scold although from the look on Dean’s face he wasn’t sure those words had truly landed the way he’d intended.
He was half aware of the chanting slowing but it was definitely chalked up against the ‘didn’t give a fuck’ list. Dean’s fingertips tried to find purchase on an unforgiving smooth surface as Cas’ fingers stroked over the painfully sensitive tip of his cock before moving back to his original strokes, or, as Dean viewed it, turning his insides into heated jello.
Was that another hint or was it just the human saying? Castiel wasn’t entirely sure but he was planning to keep an eye on all manner of woodwork just in case. He was still frowning at the phone when Dean came through the door with another basket of random foodstuffs. Castiel did not have many stories to draw from but this sounded remarkably like the witch in Hazel and Gretel. Or perhaps the Red Riding hood story, with Dean as the girl.
“That sounds like one of those things that people say in order to convince themselves that the situation isn’t that bad,” Annie commented.
Dean was automatically fighting the finger’s progress but little by little the reaction died away until it was nestled and snug. The angel gently leaned forward to press a kiss against Dean’s brow, waiting for him to relax enough for it to be moved.
“Mm.” Dean paused for a moment, then shrugged. “Yeah, I guess. Couldn’t hurt. Although the bed ain’t the biggest in the world. Might be a bit close quarters.”
As he moved to the sink, leaning down and finding a subtle way to break the system with a quick twist, his eyes moved back to the door that Dean had vanished through. The man was quite certain they were married. Castiel had no idea whether that would prove to be good or bad; his mind had wandered to such a situation in the past, but that was with someone who was fully aware of his surroundings and history and implications. Dean might be willing, but he had no information to base his decision on. The situation should be clear.
Eyes like a wounded animal stared back at him sullenly, but at least Dean’s teeth bearing seemed to have relaxed. Castiel hesitated for a moment, before stepping forward cautiously and holding out a hand. Dean watched said hand for a moment, his eyes narrowing, before looking back at him suspiciously.
“Great. Well, top drawer over there. Pick what you want. And I think there’s another pillow at the top of the wardrobe.” he indicated with a hand, then squirmed his weight to one side as Castiel obtained both shirt and pillow, placing the pillow down next to Dean’s before removing his own clothing.
“What? Instead of likely to damage our relationship we move to 100% guaranteed?” Dean snorted softly. “And if you say anything about never winning if you never take the shot, or jump off a fucking cliff to see if you can fly, or something else that’s normally on a wall in cheerful letters, then I’m going to..,”
Opening the door revealed a young woman of about thirty years, with long brown hair and extremely anxious eyes. Castiel frowned at her in uncertainty.
Blinking in the sudden light, Dean’s immediate action was to look for Sam but he was lying on the nearby bed, eyes still closed and a smudge of mud across one cheekbone, looking all the world like some victorian victim waiting for someone to come rescue him. Moving swiftly to drop by his side, Dean checked once more for heartbeat and breathing and found both. He almost sagged with relief, gently stroking his brother’s hair for a moment before glancing back at Castiel who hadn’t moved from his standing position by the door.
“Don’t worry, everything is perfect.” Other than the parts that weren’t, but Castiel was not planning to count those as they involved the outside world rather than ‘them’. Tomorrow might be another day but for now, for them, they could not complain. Apparently that was good enough for Dean, who was relaxed enough to slowly drift into sleep.
The last two words were very different when drawled from Dean’s lips, especially from the fond smile he was offering that clearly stated that Dean was teasing rather than being rude. Castiel gave another nod, and carefully removed the shirt that he had only just carefully put on. Dean had shed his shirt in a matter of seconds, which was an impressive if questionable feat.
“Bad dreams.” Dean mused, a small, tired smile. “Fuck sake, man, how many monsters have we fought? We’ve stared into the depths of heaven and hell and various other shit places, we’ve died, we’ve been taken over, we’ve been the universe’s punching bag. If I was going to have bad dreams then my subconscious has really dropped the ball here.”
Perhaps they would get back to normal. Perhaps it was just too raw, too weird, too whatever. Jody sighed as she put away the camp beds and tidied away the last remnants of play. Who knew that something that didn’t have either fangs or knives could hurt quite this badly.
“Thank the lord your boyfriend is strong! He carried you like you weighed nothing at all,” the woman chuckled, a fond look in her eye that spoke of romantic images and other such crap. Only Dean wasn’t thinking of romantic images, not right then.
Sam looked slightly more mollified. Dean growled softly. He tried to remember looking after Sam since they were kids, but his memory just wasn’t liking it. And it hurt. Thinking about anything in the past hurt really bad, and Dean shook his head trying to clear it. The only thing that didn’t really hurt when it came to Sam was the knowledge that the man was a distinct annoyance. He cast a little look at Sam again, trying and failing to find the bond.
“Ngh,” Dean squirmed again, a strange little noise that suggested he wasn’t sure what he wanted but he wanted it
“Dean.” That was Cas, and that was his warning voice. Dean bit back some of the curses he was planning to say and flashed Castiel a warning look. Okay, perhaps Balthazer might have the ability to do the spell but surely there was someone,
“Kinda looks busy for somewhere that doesn’t really have much to do.” he commented. “Couldn’t get much out of people when it came to their work, got a few freelancers but mostly staying in the community, working around here in exchange for board and food and stuff like that.”
Castiel frowned, uncertain where the question was heading. “There were no wool making devices nearby, no.”
Sam’s expression suggested this was a poor evaluation of the current circumstance but he decided to keep quiet. Ordinarily he’d be happily up for a large and noisy argument, but here and now it seemed unwise. Equally, it wasn’t just them in the bunker. Castiel had been staying for a week during a period of ‘reflection’ - whatever the hell that meant - and was already creeping around carefully in the face of Dean’s Sleepy Wrath. Adding to the angel’s tension seemed a little unfair.
The voice clearly stated the owner felt the answer was ‘no’. Sam huffed a soft laugh and shrugged again.
-Cas’ hand on his shoulder turned that thought very firmly back onto their circumstance. Dean slowly found his fists unclenching, his shoulders falling back under Cas’ warmth. And Cas
After many minutes Dean finally turned his head to look at him. The tiredness was still very clear in his eyes but it was bolstered by a harder, more curious stare.
“They are, although I can’t say the same for my house. They’ve played, had a couple of stories, made some cupcakes with Annie in the kitchen - Sam got some dough on the ceiling, and I still don’t know how - and did some drawing in the evening. Sam drew a mouse with lots of weapons, and Dean has drawn you a picture of a car and some pie. He was worried you were unhappy, so he went with the best things he could think of to cheer you up.”
Dean was clearly spoiling for a fight, and seemed confused when said fight didn’t show. He finally gave another sulky glare in Sam’s direction and then pulled a book toward himself, flicking it open and pretending to read it. Sam wondered briefly how long it would take Dean to realise that it was upside down, before sighing internally. Not worth the stress.
“The water’s broken? But I just had a shower with no problems,” he lifted his arms to demonstrate his clean and still slightly damp naked body. It was true. He was very showered.
“I think we’re moving back to what you want and what you need being two different things.” Balthazar advised. “Drink your orange juice before I decide to take you up on your ‘I like rough’ suggestion.”
“Haven’t you heard? Size is everything.” Dean winked and turned a little more to face him, scanning the other people over Castiel’s shoulder idly. Most were still in their own conversations, and he was pretty sure he’d spoken to nearly all of them with positive results and normally some sort of compliment toward his current ‘husband’.
“Are you okay?” Castiel murmured in his ear, and Dean smiled sleepily at the clear concern in his voice. Speaking, on the other hand, was an effort he wasn’t sure he could do.
“This is a spell, not a speed dating thing.” the angel commented. “Unless either of you two want to become the lead caster, I’d suggest keeping that sulky little mouth of yours shut. Well, for words, anyway. Other tasks may vary.”
Another silence from the other end of the phone. “Definitely didn’t prick his finger on a spindle, right?”
An already painfully hard groin throbbed harder, Dean biting his own lip as he gazed back. He had no idea what the hell Balthazar was telling him but currently he wouldn’t be surprised if it was some sort of angel porn designed to rile him up. Were there specialist moves that really got angels going? Who knew.
“It’s okay, Cas.” Sam said softly. “Several years back. This isn’t going to affect the relationship that you have with Dean.”
“No! No,” Dean readjusted his voice to something a little less high pitched. “I just wanted to check.”
“I’m fine! Yes, I’m fine, everything is good, I just fancied a bit of healthy living, okay?” Dean raised his hands in surrender. “Is that a bad thing?”
to this guy. And could he remember any of it? Fuck, no. But .. well, as guys went, he was good. He was
“Yeah, he’s right there, currently using the cloak of invisibility.” Jody raised an eyebrow and gestured to the empty space next to her.
Another movement on the bandstand, and Dean watched curiously as an older woman was brought on the stage. Her hair was long and loose and she too had a relaxed expression on her face, hands clasped to her chest and eyes that seemed to care for nothing other than the leader in front of her.
Sam shrugged. “Wouldn’t be the first time. He never admits it, but I’ve seen it from sleeping in the same room for years. But it’s never been like this, even after some of the worst things.”
“Never said I wasn’t.” Balthazar smiled again gently and stroked Dean’s cheek delicately, before glancing up at Castiel again carefully.
His own body’s betrayal was also becoming the lesser of his problems as Dean shifted position in his sleep again, making a small noise that was half yawn, half squeak, which was quite frankly adorable, and his arm lazily slid downward before resting once again as Dean fell back into a deeper sleep.
Castiel winced internally but didn’t allow that to show as he continued his obvious physical investigation whilst searching with his mind through more angelic means. A dark bruise was already forming on Dean’s forehead, but Castiel could detect no further injury other than a small graze on his thigh which was probably the result of said failed rescue mission. He gently pressed his fingers to Dean’s neck, checked again, and then crouched to lift him smoothly into his arms once satisfied that he wasn’t going to harm him further. Both women stepped back, eyes wide.
“Good, good.” More squirming, and Castiel was beginning to see the appeal of bondage games to keep him still. Still, the squirming seemed to be allowing him to think, and that was the main thing. And truthfully Dean could roll all over him, it was still good.
Now? Now Castiel filled this gap, but filled it in a way that Dean didn’t even understand. Cas wasn’t just a friend, but a confidant and a symbol, and if it had been anyone else then he’d really be searching his soul on what the hell he was doing. Hell, Cas was almost the little voice in his head made solid and there was always a void whenever he wasn’t around. Which was, quite frankly, pathetic when he thought of it like that. Couldn’t stop it, wasn’t sure he wanted to stop it, but still, pathetic.
” Dean looked up with a pained expression. “Cas, man, stop saying that, and especially not in that voice that suggests I’ve just sentenced the world to death! I
he lets us.” Sam replied with feeling. “We were much younger when we did it before. There was another point when we tried it but that .. uh, ended up in a different way.”
He was married? He didn’t feel married. Dean’s gaze fell on the front garden and focused on the picket fence. A white picket fence. With a little white house, on a little street, with families around him and
Still nothing. Dean growled softly and in faint desperation, and edged toward the window. It was light outside and the noises were .. well, normal. People talking, laughing, a couple of vehicles driving slowly. Children playing with a ball. A dog barking. Hell, it sounded like some sort of holiday camp. And that was good, right? It had to be good.
“And we’re doing it again. Undercover, Dean. You remember the story, right?” Sam looked at him with the expression of one fully expecting the answer to be ‘mostly’. And that was a fair assessment, but Dean wasn’t planning on giving him the satisfaction for that.
He was definitely sure it wasn’t a good time, however etiquette apparently dictated uncertainty as ‘more polite’. Humans were odd.
Dean stared at him incredulously and then gave a short, loud laugh that had no relation to humour. “Man, Cas, you are making this
in the pockets of Cas’ trenchcoat? Jody wasn’t sure. Didn’t know whether she wanted to find out either; probably a small portal to another planet the way they were going.
“They are well?” Castiel checked again. Jody chuckled. Castiel took his guardian angel role very seriously, and that was without the ‘special bond’ that the angel and Dean seemed to share. Best friends, Dean had always maintained, but Jody wasn’t born yesterday. She’d seen the looks in their eyes, like something out of a high school drama.
“Goddamnit, Cas, how can I fix it if I don’t even know what’s going on? Whatever it is, whatever it was, I forgive you. If you can forgive me for whatever it was too, then we’re okay, right?” Dean lifted his head and looked at him hopefully.
“You okay? You look deep in thought,” Dean moved the basket to the table and paused to press a light kiss to Castiel’s cheek before beginning to take out various foods. “Cas! Snap out of it, we have lunch.”
“That’s right.” Thankfully Sam was distracted from squinting at the screen. “Looks like they have communal food as well, in the Great Hall,”
Dean folded his arms even tighter in mutiny. His display of outrage was not assisted by his slightly oversized t-shirt and shorts from the thrift store, nor his current scent of baby soap from his bath, but Jody wasn’t planning to tell him that either. She had been expecting more of a fight for bath time, but both boys had been fascinated by the bubbles and won over by the little boat and rubber duck that had also been a thrift store victory. The water had been cold by the time she had extracted Sam from his elaborate story around the duck’s capture, which was on par with Moby Dick.
“Of course he did.” he took another mouthful gingerly. If this was the fuel Dean had been feeding himself then he was amazed his brother wasn’t vibrating in his chair. He was aware of the angel watching him with the expression of someone who really wanted to say something but didn’t know the best way to start. Sam sighed.
“I don’t know.” Castiel spoke gruffly, feeling Dean’s head rest against his chest and getting a better grip on his body. “Where did you find him?”
Castiel sighed wearily and closed his eyes to the welcome darkness. It was no wonder that humans spent so much of their time trying to distract themselves from reality, whether that be activities or films or stories or mediation. Emotions were painful. Connections were excruciating. Dreams seemed to be held up as a positive aspect but Castiel had not often seen the benefits; all dreams seemed to do was outline in detail what had not yet occurred and probably would never be.
“Dean has returned to his bedroom and is currently lying on his bed. Do you have any suggestions on how to stop these nightmares based on your previous experience?”
“Dean?” she pushed herself slightly away and glanced across to find an equally confused man standing in a no-longer particularly large t-shirt. Dean looked okay, had all the bits that he’d started off with, and his hand was still clasped within Cas’ but his eyes..
Castiel focused his attention on Dean again. Whatever the sleeping issue was, it was clearly unnerving enough to fight about. That was never a good situation.
“Cas, I’m sorry. Didn’t mean to.” a small glance in his direction and the shame seemed so solid already.
The angel chuckled to himself as he sipped a new cocktail he’d just whipped up. Ah, the Winchesters might be a pain in the ass but every so often they were quite entertaining.
Rowena looked back at Castiel, and then knowingly toward Jody, and then back again. “Oh, was it the boys I was referring to? Good to know.”
Even Lucifer couldn’t have designed a better torture. Castiel stared upward for a moment, as though the ceiling might in some way offer him some escape from the uncomfortably personal conversation they were having. Did he love him? His strength, his loyalty, his energy… how could he not? Castiel had fallen for his soul long before anything else.
Castiel found his hand moving as though by its own accord, disengaging from their sleeping arrangements in order to gently cup Dean’s jaw. Dean waited patiently, a loyal dog with no doubt that its master meant the best for it, and it was simplicity itself to steal another light kiss gently, and then again as though the first might not count.
- might come back. Like the memory of the colour of his phone. Dean paused and then groaned softly. Like his own damned
Dean cracked his eyes open slightly as his nipple was abandoned and a soft murmur sounded, only to find Balthazar murmuring something into Cas’ ear. The light flickered across the angel’s dirty blonde hair, for a moment forming what appeared to be a very incorrect halo, before said angel gave him a careless glance.
“Right, we’re going to have a game in the yard, okay? Possibly some ball throwing-,” Or possibly not; their hand-eye coordination was definitely not as good as their passion for it. “..or running around, bit of training-
“Yes.” The word was calm, simply and very much true. Castiel kissed him again lightly and smiled gently at the still flustered man. “I would be very okay with that.”
“You’re gonna adopt them if this carries on much longer,” Annie had observed after one storybook session, and Jody had shushed her, but what
All the time in the world, as long as it was within the next day or so. Castiel watched him silently. What would Dean make of the confession? Even if he were to rediscover his memories, it would not remove the ones that they had shared. Would he feel deceived? Embarrassed? Angry? This was not how a friend should act, and Castiel did not even want to think of the potential consequences should Dean discover his fondness for him.
“Do you think that Dean might have been hit by the electrical surge? That it caused his memory loss?” Castiel queried.
Dean didn’t know how long they continued for but he could feel Castiel slowing behind him as the angel clearly struggled to contain his own release, and Balthazar seemed lost in his own world. Balthazar’s hand tightened in his hair, his body trembling and tense, and Dean all but jumped on this weakness.
Dean made a soft noise that represented a shrug without the effort of physical movement. “Well. Just in case this wasn’t really what you had planned.”
Half of him was expecting Balthazar to speak up and ruin things but the other angel was silent in whatever darkened corner he’d taken himself to, and there were no distractions on offer as Cas gently cupped Dean’s chin with a feather light touch as they stared silently at each other for what felt like years.
The smirk hadn’t got much better and Dean was just about ready to punch the son of a bitch out. Sure, it wouldn’t have actually done anything, but it would have made him feel a little better.
need fixing?” Balthazar refilled his glass without bothering with the human niceties of reaching for bottles, the glass simply turning from empty to full in a blink of an eye.
Dean huffed a soft laugh and pushed himself up, deftly stripping himself of remaining clothes as he stared back at Castiel in either curiosity or challenge or perhaps a bit of both. And the reveal was glorious, as Castiel had always believed it would be. Logically it shouldn’t have been, of course; the firm muscles, the golden skin, the sizeable erection, he had seen all of it before during his many years, not least during the stage of ancient greece and their penchant for naked, oiled wrestling, but the very essence of Dean turned good into a marvel. What that essence was he couldn’t say, whether the cocky if shy posture, or the argumentative but ultimately kind eyes, but it was there and Castiel could not have been happier. From the pleased smile on Dean’s face, this had been noted.
worried. Your memories haven’t returned and .. well, there are some things that might alter your decisions.”
“Cassy.” That was Balthazar, a little warning tone. Castiel swallowed and straightened his shoulder, giving a little shake of his head in answer.
Dean pulled a small face. “Well, can we get you undressed instead? I show you mine and all that crap,”
Dean’s hands clenched a little tighter with the soft growl continuing in his throat, and this was better, he could focus all his uncertainty into the very real certainty that he really wanted to wipe that smug look off Balthazar’s face and what the fuck was it with angels and generally being pompous asses-
Apparently Sam was intending to leave that sentence there without supplying additional information. Castiel raised his eyebrows.
“I’ll go get the mixture done.” Balthazar murmured softly. “Get some food and drink in him when he’s feeling a bit more lively, okay? He’s probably running on empty.”
The boy looked bewildered for a moment as though she’d spoken an unfamiliar language, then smiled a little more. How often had he heard ‘good boy,’? Probably not much. She stood, ruffling his hair as she did so, and tried to ignore Dean casting another longing look at the Impala. Cas had requested use of her vehicle instead, so worried about accidentally damaging the mechanical love of Dean’s life, and she could see the reasoning. Still, it was like an enormous temptation with a massive sign hanging over it, and neither boy had shown any restraint when it came to temptations.
The point was taken. His hands tightened on Dean’s hips as Castiel slid into him one last time, his eyes closing briefly as he concentrated. He was rewarded by a soft, shocked yelp from Dean at the angelic stimulation deep inside him, arching his back and clenching so tightly around Castiel’s cock that the angel briefly regretted using his abilities to stimulate Dean’s prostate perfectly. Very briefly. Dean’s orgasm was hard and almost violent, back arching and muscles clamping down on him so hard that Castiel was pushed into his own climax almost immediately, shuddering his release into the still tight warmth of his lover before he slowly, slowly relaxed against Dean’s exhausted, shuddering body.
“And that way would be..?” he prompted. Sam gave him another awkward look, a small flush rising to his cheeks before he looked away.
“... what…?” Dean’s voice was supposed to be strong and masterful and ended up being a soft whimper of pleading. “C’mon. Please.”
“Such a shame we’re not back in my day. You could beat children in line without a thought. Kept my Fergus in line.”
“Okay, fine, have your pet back. But I still need the fluid, and that has to be between a pair who… mm, let’s say
Castiel felt a little proud buzz travel through him at this, and deliberately pressed a little more against him. Not that there was much room to spare; Dean had curled up so tight that Castiel doubted he could get closer unless he physically rested on top of him. This also would not have been an issue, although the chances that Dean would accidentally roll off were reasonable.
“Dean, you need sleep.” A soft voice but authoritative, the type that he’d seen Dean respond to in the past. Sure enough, Dean squirmed against him again, but in a manner that suggested that other things were on his mind other than sleep. For all his rebellious streak, Dean could be remarkably predictable.
“Oh.” Jody stilled the pen to think over this. Difficult or impossible? Probably best not thinking about. “Do you think you’ll be able to convince her?”
“I see,” Castiel didn’t see at all, but it seemed foolish to pry any further for fear of untranslatable answers. “As long as you are happy.”
And hell, they were married. It was probably part of the contract. Oh yeah, Cas might pretend he was very proper and well mannered, but Dean was pretty sure there was a happy little pervert under the collar.
It felt like an angel blade had plunged into his heart and decided to wiggle around. Castiel made another non-committed noise, and forced himself to remember that the community was almost certainly watching. He carefully placed an arm around Dean’s shoulders and brought him closer, and the happy little sigh of contentment and trust that escaped was both one of the most beautiful and horrific things he’d ever heard.
“Okay, fine. I might be .. vaguely into the suggestion. But still,” Dean’s voice was rough, and Castiel couldn’t tell whether that was nerves or anger or panic. He’d known enough about Dean now to know that anything outside of the norm was generally frowned upon, especially if it clashed with his father’s viewpoints on how the world was. Sam had often discussed it during drunken evenings when Dean had stormed off after an argument.
Everywhere Dean looked were animated faces, their eyes twinkling in the lights. He grinned to himself and his hand automatically reached for Cas’, squeezing it happily. He noticed that Cas didn’t let said hand go afterward, but Dean wasn’t about to complain about that. Sure, they haven’t yet been able to do the rolling around in the bed that he’d hoped for, but Cas
“They’ll remember everything they did before, right? Their history before they got shrunk?” she asked softly.
“..he’s still got his head shoved up his ass, got it,” Sam said drily. “Yeah, okay, Cas. I can’t say I currently want to be around him either. Sometimes he really reminds me of Dad.”
“To be honest, most reasons tend to boil down to ‘because’ in some form or other.” Castiel looked back at him and then sighed. “Dean, it would not help your current mood.”
Well, okay then. That was a thing. And he wasn’t sure whether he wanted to peer into the truth for fear of what he might find. Was it right? There was a churning in his stomach to suggest the angel had a point, and yet he felt far too vulnerable to admit that. They were friends. Really close friends. Really,
“Good. Sam had a suggestion on how you could do that,” the angel nodded solemnly. Dean watched him warily, then shrugged inwardly. After all, how bad it could be?
me information, so what am I supposed to do here?!” Dean grumbled, rolling onto his back but keeping his body pressed up against Castiel’s form as though they were glued in place. One of Dean’s hands was touching lightly against the angel’s thigh, and that delicate touch alone was enough for a shiver of pleasure to run down his body.
“Aye, I can see that. They’re breathing for a start. I know with my Fergus that young boys especially have a habit of doing very unpredictable things,” She moved into the living room and Jody was aware of a large black bag tucked under an arm. “Come, come, let’s get on with this. Castiel, are you going to lie there
interested in them, as though they’d been watching the same videos for years and suddenly discovered Netflix. Dean kept his relaxed smile firmly fixed and an eye even fixed-er - if that was a word, which probably wasn’t - on Castiel.
And fuck, he hated being babied. Growling softly, he cast another look over his shoulder as best he could to check Cas’ expression but short of really wrenching his shoulder he couldn’t properly get a good look. Still, Castiel’s nails were no longer buried in his skin, instead a warm stroke of hand over his ass and side that made him tremble. Okay. Apparently Cas was kinda on board with it, and Dean no longer knew what the hell they wanted in this ritual. Pretty sure he knew what they wanted here and now, though.
They stared at the doorway again. The doorway did nothing, as doorways were wont to do. There were still sounds of activity from outside, but now they were a little less wholesome, a few arguments, some vehicles moving. What the community would end up as was anyone’s guess.
Dean made a soft sulky noise that suggested that this was debatable, before his hand palmed Castiel’s groin with a firm movement that was as glorious as it was sneaky. The angel groaned deep in his throat and lifted his hand to fix Dean with a stern look. A completely unconcerned, cheeky grin met him coming the other way.
“It’s Sam, isn’t it?” Dean said finally. Well, that was not an angle that Castiel had immediately thought of, but he was currently willing to seize upon any excuse that seemed less complicated than their current position.
But Dean had given a cry and pulled away, already vanishing around a corner. Annie frowned as she came from the kitchen, watching him run before turning back to view a weary Jody.
Castiel moved across to take the fork and spear a piece of pie carefully, before aiming it toward Dean. “
Finally there was silence. It carried on for some time, Castiel merely holding him close and feeling his lover’s heartbeat slow as Dean nuzzled up.
Letting out a soft sigh of relief, Dean crawled a little way on the floor and slowly pushed himself up. A quick glance down at himself told him he wasn’t really in much better state; he was wearing a pair of dark blue boxers and very little else, and had a throbbing headache that a quick glance in a mirror confirmed related to a bruise on his forehead. Dean rubbed it gingerly and carefully moved to the table where a couple of phones sat, one slightly cracked but working.
“Sam has known about my feelings about you for many months.” the angel said doubtfully. “He was politely enthusiastic but I never had the feeling he was mocking. And why are you looking at me like that?”
“So that equates to… what? A day? Two?” Claire looked between them and suddenly brightened. “Hey, this means I’m a more experienced hunter than Sam and Dean!”
“Like fuck you are.” Dean protested, but allowed him to slowly, painfully get to his feet. Not that standing worked for very long; a few seconds later and Cas had sagged again, Dean immediately taking his weight. Weirdly reluctantly, Cas finally slid his arm around Dean’s neck and they slowly, carefully, made their way back to the house.
, and he stared at the car again just in case that was going to give him a hint. She didn’t. Could get Sammy anywhere, but where the fuck was he going to take him?
“And you are not sorry either,” Castiel pointed out through gritted teeth. Sam chuckled to himself and folded his arms.
It made it no less clear, but it sounded like it was unimportant. Essentially the answer was ‘yes, very likely’, and that gave him hope that the memories weren’t all lost.
“You mean of our marriage?” Dean said softly, oh so very softly, and Castiel found himself briefly lost for words. Of course he remembered. They all remembered. Only memories weren’t necessarily the best things that could ever happen to people, the truth being a noble thing to strive toward with no consideration of the potential pain.
“For fuck’s..,” Dean caught himself before he accidentally said something that Cas would take as negative, then grinned. “Yeah. I’m willing. Sign me up.”
He wasn’t entirely sure that they believed him, but then he wasn’t entirely sure he believed himself. There was another small look, a little smile, and finally,
It was getting easier. Sure, he still couldn’t remember much … if anything .. of his previous life, but Dean was increasingly certain he wasn’t missing much. And life seemed peaceful here, with the people and the architecture and the shared food that had more doughnuts than even he could cope with.
“You are allowed to make noises, you know.” Balthazar had finally moved from his position behind Castiel, having prowled across to Dean’s front in a cat-like manner on hands and knees. Sitting again, the angel lifted a hand and gently stroked his fingers down Dean’s stubbled cheek, ignoring the desperate anger that Dean glared at him. “I’m serious. No neighbours, no witnesses. Noise is good. Noise is
He was aware of Balthazar’s amused gaze on him and bristled again. Sure, he was probably looking sulky, but this was ridiculous. And more the point, poor Sammy needed help. He needed help
Still, at least people weren’t giving him funny looks. The occasional person gave him a friendly wave - still slightly creepy - but most of them ignored him enough that he was a background character in whatever personal drama they were involved in. And that was good enough for him. The only thing this would achieve was to explore all the random paths for no good reason, and then Dean could make his way back to the house and a non-alcoholic drink and find out what Cas had been up to. He really,
“This being sex? You are aware this is not a necessity?” Castiel captured Dean’s chin in his hand and tried to soothe him. Dean gave him an incredulous look.
But it was his concern, and it was sweet that the angel still worried about making a good impression with his .. what, soulmate? Potential lover? Whatever it was, Cas was as loyal as the best type of dog, and his current puppy dog eyes were merely testament to that fact. But to a certain point, that wasn’t really his problem. Sam shrugged again and began to head out, with the angel reluctantly following.
“In this location, no one would know that we were working outside of the script.” Castiel observed. There was another huff from Dean.
The thumb continued to stroke across his lips curiously, a fishing lure waiting to see whether the fish would bite. Dean snarled, eyes flashing angrily, but they both knew that was pretty much toothless. If anything, Balthazar probably knew him all too well, both coming to sex with a very similar mindset, and that wasn’t a fun thing to consider at the best of times. Balthazar was still a jerk, though. On the other hand, Dean wasn’t sure whether that was enough to stop it.
The next few moments were almost a blur as their bodies began to find a rhythm, slowly at first but building strength and need with each thrust. A slow and steady rocking motion seemed to work well, every so often being punctuated by slow, hard, painfully deep thrusts that caused Dean to cry out weakly in pleasure.
Opening the door revealed a bedraggled and clearly fatigued angel, mud smeared on his cheek and his clothing crumpled and faintly lopsided. A small child was curled up against his chest, thumb in mouth and clearly fast asleep, and another of the same age was holding onto Castiel’s hand with the other firmly gripped around a makeshift sword hastily crafted from a couple of sticks and some string.
Sam called in the middle of the day when Dean had vanished off for food. Castiel made sure he was near the noisiest thing in the house, which appeared to be a very old style of microwave with a ‘whirr’ background noise. It wasn’t much, but every little helped.
Jody reviewed the situation in silence for a moment, and then raised her eyes to Castiel in question.
Dean smiled grimly. Well, he could pack a punch as well, and if he didn’t talk to his brother for a while would it really be that bad? Sam probably had some girl stashed away, and a dog, and potentially kids. He looked the kids type of guy. Sam didn’t need Dean, and Dean had his own life now.
At first Dean was generally annoyed. Time restraints?! They actually followed the crazy ass instructions that his crazy ass brother decided to dictate. Seriously, who died and made Sam the leader? Who got worried about
They stared at her silently. She looked between them incredulously before closing her eyes and rubbing her temple with a finger.
It definitely wasn’t okay, or anywhere near okay. Castiel tried to stare at the ceiling again, but the options were severely limited. Finally he released his breath and tried to think of how he should approach such a conversation. Experience failed him.
Annie had been watching them from the corner of the kitchen, sipping from a can of diet coke that was another thing that Jody didn’t really approve of for breakfast but thought that was the least of her problems.
One plunging, twisting finger turned into two, slowly easing him open and following Dean’s verbal and physical cues on when to speed up, when to pause, when to stroke, when to play rough. Castiel doubted whether Dean even noticed himself making his little shaky gasps but the angel did and they were glorious.
“My brother,” Dean gritted it out. Oh, the angel knew damned well who Sam was, and this was already painful. The angel eyed him again.
, and Dean felt a little throb of interest in his core as he studied the blue eyes that were watching him. Definitely good looking. Jawline to die for. Expressive eyes that seemed to swap between puppy dog to stern master back to puppy dog again. Still wearing very little that showed off his body like some classic statue.
“Dean, I mean it.” she scanned his eyes when he finally and reluctantly looked her way. “I know you’re a big boy, but you need to wait. I don’t want you hurt, do you understand? You staying away from the car would make me very happy.”
“This is going to work, right?” Jody shot another look at Castiel. The angel looked solemn but nodded. Sam looked between them and then down at the t-shirt he was swimming in, tugging on the fabric nervously.
Dean turned to stare at him briefly, and again Castiel could see the lost little boy hidden in the previous irritation and fury.
Dean raised an eyebrow to signify this was neither a suitable reason, nor a reasonable excuse. Castiel sighed internally. Sometimes he really wished that humans came with a manual.
The hand wandered across his tense chest, tracing along the line of his muscles and exploring with a delicate touch. Dean was so close now, his naked form close enough for him to feel his heat and breath in his scent, the different hues sparkling in curious green eyes, and it would take so little to lean into the touch, to move against the clearly willing man and explore whatever it was that Dean had it in his mind to do.
Was this sensible? Almost certainly not. But then sensible was not what Dean Winchester specialised in.
“I believe a fallen angel status is reasonably official when it comes to ‘misbehaving’.” Castiel pointed out sternly, and feeling Dean’s little shiver of need at the tone. “You will be good.”
“Yes. Yes, it is. They’re providing you with an entire house, Dean. If you were some evil plotter, would you miss that opportunity?” Sam raised an eyebrow.
“Oh. Okay.” Dean considered then then shrugged. “Well, it’s nice of him to fix it, but after that he’s gotta head on out. We’re married now, he’s just got to get used to it. Right?”
“Yeah. Despite Dean’s opinion, I’m not that unobservant. I know you love him, and he loves you. No judgement on my side, honest. I think you guys work together well, and you make him all relaxed.” Sam seemed to be happily encased within an alternative reality timeline, and Castiel was struggling to bring it back again to his own understanding.
happen if Castiel couldn’t find a way back to their adult forms? It was a question she was ignoring, but it was harder and harder not to imagine as the boys took up much of her day.
“I can search for anything odd when I check the pipes and the water. There should be service pipes all over the site with a place like this.” Sam suggested. Castiel reviewed that and gave a small nod.
He was half amused by Castiel’s reaction to the suggestion that he was worried that he’d put himself in Dean’s bad books, a startled expression before returning to an expression that couldn’t work out whether to be formal or adorable.
Jody glanced at the scene. Neither boy seemed willing to let him go, but equally Cas seemed perfectly happy to let them, one arm wrapped around Dean and the other pulling Sam to him. She smiled to herself sadly. She suspected that the days of such emotional honesty would be soon over.
Well, up until a noise at the door, anyway. Apparently the knocker didn’t consider waiting until the door was actually open before coming in.
“Gonna explode. Please let me explode. I wanna explode.” Dean’s head dropped again, his legs widening again and all but impaling himself on the cock each time, gripping it as much as he could with his internal muscles and hearing Cas gasp as he did so. Well, it seemed only fair to share the agony, as long as he was fucking alive to enjoy it, and if this carried on Dean wasn’t sure whether he would be.
He was bemused by the wary look that was aimed at him after that question. It seemed that there was something in the past that Sam was keen not to mention, but this again seemed unusual. They had all witnessed a multitude of events, Sam’s apparent shyness seemed out of place.
“I’m familiar with this aesthetic,” Castiel commented. Dean huffed a laugh. Yeah, that was probably right. Heaven definitely had a multi-stock supply of white paint on hand.
Castiel was still clearly considering things in the backseat, and Dean didn’t really want to think about that. Hearing the scheme had been hard enough as it was, trying to explain how to act romantically to an increasingly bewildered angel was even worse, and now, as they were about to head over the gates, he was feeling a little queasy in his stomach. This would not be a good idea, it was
“What happened?” Sam spoke up, and Dean shot him a filthy look. Could he not see that Cas needed some time to recover before asking idiotic questions? Cas made another soft noise and finally shifted his body weight.
And yet, there still existed a little ball of hope that perhaps the notion might not be a reasonable one. And that.. Yes, that both delighted and terrified him in ways that he had never dreamed possible. Who knew the most terrifying moments could be contained in the gentlest of gestures.
Silence again but this was the type that was pleasant to share, restful and comforting. He could sense Dean’s heartbeat, slowing now as he settled, and the beautiful, faintly musky scent of their activities. Castiel had many questions, but not one of them was important enough to interrupt this moment. Besides which, he was still uncertain whether he’d want to hear the answers.
“Indeed,” he said instead, and was suddenly taken aback as Dean placed his cup of cocoa down and cuddled up to him.
“Not quite, it’s on page three of this brochure using different language and several shiny people with very bright teeth.” Castiel frowned at the images. Sam waved that fact off almost immediately.
Dean looked uncertain, a super tough protector who appeared to be quite interested in a small fuzzy teddy bear. For a moment Jody wondered whether the boy had ever actually
Dean’s head lowered until his forehead met cool, dark mud, a soft strangled noise in his throat. The touching. The caresses. The kisses. The way they curled up together in bed, the dinners, the cuddles on the sofa and the beauty of Cas’ hand in his. Their words.
She always thought the knock on the door would happen in the evening, possibly at a dramatic time or the witching hour or something. In the end it occurred at twelve minutes past two in the afternoon, just after the boys had woken up from their naps and Jody had put on some calming music in the vague hope it might slow them down a bit.
There had been no call, no indication that his husband was in distress, but Dean’s instincts were correct. Feeling the anxiety bubble within him enough that it felt as though he’d been struck too, Dean had knelt down and looked. He couldn’t see anything that might have caused it but he didn’t want to focus on anything but the slumped figure of Cas on the floor. Dean felt a sharp pain in his heart in fear and immediately leaned in, taking hold of one ankle and pulling with all his strength.
“It’s in the woods. Probably secluded,” Sam suggested happily. Castiel shot him another look, harder and with more metal. Sam did not care.
a good idea, but approaching the place as legal enforcers or other public bodies hadn’t found anything and the whole key seemed to be people rather than supernatural hauntings.
There was a purse of brightly coloured lips from her guest and Rowena waved a hand expressively. Jody had no idea what the expression was supposed to be, but was probably something dramatic.
“Don’t worry about it, okay?” he scanned the blue eyes in front of him and gently kissed a beautifully soft mouth. Cas’ kisses were always so delicate, like he was torn between lust and guilt and barely there, and this one lingered so gently.
“He will suffer no ill-effects as long as he is returned within a few days.” Cas’ voice was almost as soft, but it was the soft, determined voice of one who truly believed in what he was saying and that was as much of a relief as the hand on his shoulder. Dean could use some confidence right about now.
“His behaviour is a little questionable.” Castiel glanced back toward the door, uncertain how to describe the current situation without inadvertently blowing their cover. He hesitated, and pushed on. “He woke up this morning and tried to creep out of the room as though not trying to wake me up which was .. curious. Since that point he seems to be happier, although that’s based on the number of kisses he has already given me.”
“When is it ever not?” Claire walked closer before stopping dead with an incredulous look. She turned swiftly. “Is that
Dean wasn’t sure what to say to that. He could lie and pretend that the spell had done a number on Sam’s senses, but they’d done far too much lying in the past and anyway Balthazar might let the cat out of the bag anyway. However, a confirmation just added more questions onto an already large pile.
Finally the man managed to unfreeze. “Uh. Yes. Yes, I’m okay. I’m sorry, it’s been .. well, it’s been an odd evening, and now a peculiar morning.”
The fantastic parts of him were even better with the little touches here and there. A hand resting on his shoulder. A little hand hold. A brush against his back whenever Cas moved past him, a soft murmur in his ear that sent a shiver down his spine. Little shows of affection, and the community seemed more than happy to witness it. Hell, they’d even encouraged them to go to the ceremony the next day and Dean was fully up for it. This was their community, the rituals kinda came with it all. Seemed ridiculous to fight it.
It was clear from the first few thrusts that Cas wasn’t as happy, harder and sharper thrusts deep in him that forced a few soft grunts in the back of Dean’s throat, but his own angel slowly began to get used to the concept as the jerkier, harder thrusts settled down again to the powerful rhythm that vibrated in his core.
Jody smiled back at her and opened the book, settling back against the chair as the boys squirmed closer to the edges of the bed to see the pictures. Sam was gently chewing the bunny’s ear, and even Dean had a look of lost wonder in his eyes. Jody smiled. This was the sort of thing she remembered. The magic of youth.
Cas, on the other hand, seemed tense. Well, tenser, anyway. The man’s natural inclination seemed to be wary, a little furrowed brow as though continually confused over the situation, but Dean loved that about him. His focus. His determination. His solemness and dry humour. A group like this probably was going to ruffle his feathers, but then this was the Community and Dean was pretty sure Cas would relax soon. After all, all the community wanted was for them to settle.
“It is, Dean’s just being an asshole.” Sam shot his brother a small look, and tapped his finger on the side of the laptop impatiently. “It’s okay, Cas. You guys just have to act like a couple. You’ve just got married, you’ve been together for about a year, and you both have limited family .. Dean’s got me, and Cas, your family don’t like the situation so you’re non-contact. That’s kinda what this place likes. Romantic couples with minimal family problems outside the walls.”
“Well, this is a story about something that had terrible tusks and terrible claws,” she remarked. “And terrible teeth in his terrible jaws.”
. I’ll look at him. But I make no promises, and quite frankly your addiction to them is getting a little worrying.”
“I doubt whether heaven had anything to do with the sex rule,” Castiel spoke up from the back. Dean sighed.
“What was what? The spell?” Balthazar rolled his eyes at the persistence, then relented. “It’s a stubborn one, one of those spells that intend to suck the essence out of a person until they waste away. Solution involves passion, hence the fun. And, needless to say, the more angels involved, the more power it offers.”
“Dean, sweetheart,” Jody tried to keep the exasperation out of her voice. “You can’t just run off like that,”
There was a ceiling in front of him when Dean opened his eyes. Ordinarily that wasn’t a problem; you lie on a bed, you open your eyes and bam, ceiling. Only this time Dean wasn’t sure whether he recognised the ceiling. Or, for that matter, the room he was in. He looked around further, and then paused.
“Awesome.” the word was whispered, their mouths brushing together with the lightest of touches before Dean pressed on with the fiery determination of one who wasn’t entirely sure whether the path was the most sane one but was willing to push on regardless of which cliff it might drop him off.
“Hey. D’you think I should wear the green or the blue?” the words were casually said from the doorway. Castiel glanced up to discover that neither the green nor the blue were the most pressing matters right at this stage, Dean calmly leaning against the doorframe still wearing nothing more than a half smile and a new twinkle in his eye that seemed pizza man level of erotic.
For a short time they said nothing, simply trying to regain both sanity and their breath. Castiel slowly slipped from Dean to curl up close to him, delighted as the man immediately pressed even closer with one arm sprawled over Cas’ stomach almost to ensure his position. Exhausted, sticky and still breathless, Castiel pressed a small kiss to Dean’s shoulder and rested his head against the strength of Dean’s arm as the sensations gradually began to calm.
“Hair.” Jody said immediately. Fingernails normally resulted in screams loud enough to suggest she was actually hacking off fingers.
Castiel’s brow furrowed as he tried to work things out in his own mind. Humanity was confusing at the best of times. This seemed to be stepped up 100%.
Castiel sighed happily as Dean stole the rest of the pie slice and began to demolish it with all the desperation of someone who had been forced to eat nothing but kale for the last week.
“Give me a few minutes,” he said and promptly vanished. Dean sighed through his teeth and glared at Castiel.
“Well, can I move yet?” Dean shifted his hips, sending another flood of sensation through Castiel’s body from his younger lover’s impatience. “Please?”
“Guys, c’mon, concentrate.” Sam thrust a pamphlet toward Castiel, and aimed another at Dean who looked at it with the suspicion normally afforded to unexploded bombs. “Reason we’re here isn’t the rules, it’s the fact that they keep having dead people turn up every year. Oh, and there’s been a few complaints that it’s a brainwashing cult and they forget their families, but that’s kinda normal for these types of places.”
“That’s actually quite impressive,” she surveyed the broken door and then glanced down at a repentful Dean who was trying to avoid her gaze.
“The spell needs something genuinely loving. Mine are more pleasure based only.” Another sly smile, creeping at the corner of the angel’s mouth. “And are you really trying to tell me that you two don’t fall into the romantic category? Please.”
And him? Castiel made a mental note to send Sam a text to confirm that the water, finally, was fixed.
“I would have agreed had you possessed your memories,” The conviction in his voice was strong, but Castiel had no idea whether it would be strong enough. Neither, apparently, did Dean. The man gazed back at him as though faced with a new beast, slowly sinking back to the back in consideration.
“Don’t. Please. Not that voice.” The plea battled with the force in his voice, the man looking even more uncomfortable than he had before. Dean ran a hand through his hair and stared at the doorway again for a few moments before looking back again beseechingly. “It’s not like that.”
lucky,” the woman placed her hand on Dean’s arm, her voice a little conspiratorial, and Dean smiled back at her which seemed the most sensible thing to do under the circumstances.
The words were almost unrecognisable, a totally different voice to the one that Dean normally used, and yet it was still
. I’m so sorry, I just always call people’s partners their boyfriend or girlfriend, and I guess it’s a habit-,”
“We will need to be close throughout the night for this to have its full effect. Skin to skin is preferable, but it should be adequate through the fabric we have.”
“Sam said we should mingle,” Castiel murmured in his ear, close enough for Dean to shiver from the breath on his skin. Damn, that was going to take some getting used to. He almost jumped out of his skin as Castiel gently brushed his hand against Dean’s, and fought to recover a little more. Goddamn, how hard could this be?!
This appeared to gain some traction. Dean lifted his head slightly, watching him carefully as though Castiel’s suggestion involved some type of horrific physical maiming or perhaps locking him inside yet another cell. Castiel gave him what he hoped was a pleasant smile, although this appeared to have the opposite effect as Dean’s expression grew even more guarded. Perhaps he did not smile enough for this to be persuasive.
good, despite the faded blue boxers. His voice was deep and husky and commanding, and his expression was .. well, a bit weird, but then again it sounded like it had been an exciting night.
Fuck, he knew he’d recognised that taste in decor. The look coming the other way was just as appalled, before the second angel shot Castiel a weary look.
“They had a mishap with an artefact.” Castiel explained, still trying to work out how best to hug the small limpet back.
There was a strangled noise of annoyance from Dean who rested his forehead against Cas’ shoulder for a moment.
good. Dean pressed against him a little harder, eyes scanning Castiel’s nervously but with stubborn persistence.
“The leaders appear to be considering coming over here,” Castiel murmured, who had eyes in that direction.
“I asked you once,” Sam replied mildly. “And that was when you decided to overlook a chair. You’re not a ghost, you can’t walk through things.”
“Says the man who’s desperately trying to keep conscious! I knew you were probably going to kill yourself at some point, but hadn’t appreciated how badly you’d do it!” Sam’s voice was impressively fearsome. “It’s pathetic, Dean!”
came back, a weird mix of anger or grief or sadness or joy or love or boredom, flip flopping throughout each, and he found Sam’s name on the tip of his tongue to shout out, only it wasn’t Sam, it was
“...s’good…,” the words were almost lost to the silence, Dean’s voice rough and strained. “.. don’t stop.. Please.. C’mon.. Keep going..,”
“Is that a yes?” Castiel was utterly fascinated by the prospect. Dean bit his lip and glanced at the door again, which almost certainly suggested that it was, before turning back to him again.
“One leader is dead and Sam has the other,” Castiel said carefully. “And the bandstand has burned to the ground. The haunting has gone, Dean.”
A quick assessment on the angel didn’t give him much. There was the trademark frown, but Dean could never tell whether it was a thinking expression or whether it was one of genuine concern. Or at least most of the time, anyway. He could normally tell whenever a situation had turned from a workable one into an exercise of futility, Cas’ expression clearly showing whenever he was trying to work out the best way to tell them tactfully they were fucked.
But that didn’t matter right at that point. He couldn’t see Dean. Where was he? The angel picked up speed, dodging around small groups, trying to spot Dean’s familiar green coat amongst the congregation and feeling the fear rise in his throat as he did so. Nothing.
Cas still seemed to be dazed as Dean carefully placed him on the couch and dropped to a crouch next to him anxiously. C’mon.
“A witch. Or, we think, anyway. There were some magic cards and a room full of shit - not actual shit,” he amended, knowing Cas’ tendencies. “Just woo-woo stuff and sparkly things and that perfume that gets up your nose and-,”
warm, regardless of where he was, like an angel shaped hot water bottle that should be grabbed and hugged under a blanket at times of unease. Dean finally risked a sideways look, a small, nervous glance like a dog trying not to eye up a plate of biscuits for fear of being told off, and discovered that his own nudity issue was not confined to him alone.
Not that it mattered. Castiel dropped to his knees next to Dean’s side and slowly began to check him over.
After all, if they hadn’t resolved it by the ceremony, Castiel suspected they would have a lot to discuss.
And there was Dean, sitting in the middle, forlorn and lost and uncertain. It turned out that a physical angel blade was not always required for a significant cut to the heart.
“Sammy, come sit with me.” Jody called him and patted the couch next to her. Sam studied the couch for a moment, then Jody, and then back to Rowena curiously. And she knew that look. That was a Sam calculating look. If Dean was a physical terror, Sam led the way for thoughtful deviousness and awkward questions.
Controlling his breathing only got him so far. He could feel the need burn through him, a warmth to his neck and cheeks, and an agony deep inside that surely should have been some type of design error. This was a dangerous situation, and furthermore-
“Wait.” There was no arguing with that voice, low but promising bad things if ignored. Rowena made an unimpressed noise but stopped, shooting a look toward the angel.
“I don’t think children are part of their usual training. Other than the whole Jesus thing, and even then that was more dragging other people in to deal with the baby,” Jody reflected, and then helped the boys down as they finished their food. “Right. You two, this way. Annie, c’mon. You can do your baby whispering out here.”
“Sam didn’t quite explain what mingling meant,” the angel added, apologetically. “Research suggests it’s idle talk about irrelevant things to make someone feel at ease?”
A few more minutes and they were approaching a small path junction where another woman was unsuccessfully trying to rouse a clearly unconscious Dean by use of a flapping of hands technique that Castiel suspected was to offer him some more ‘air’. He had seen it demonstrated in various older movies.
He was agonisingly tight. Castiel could always feel so much of Dean regardless of where he was or what he was doing, but this amplified it to such a degree that it was difficult to tell where he stopped and Dean started. Every little shudder, every beat of the heart, every breath, it was all there and so much more, and Castiel forced himself calm with all the strength he possessed.
“The wording might have been something like ‘Did you think I wouldn’t notice? You’re an idiot’, but still, the conversation was had.”
Dean pushed himself up, setting the coffee down on the table for a moment as he drew closer to Castiel. The man looked a little startled as Dean placed his hand lightly on his arm, and then even more bewildered as Dean gently raised Castiel’s chin with his other hand and gently, cautiously, pressed a soft kiss to his mouth in apology.
“In theory,” Rowena added brightly. “Shall we begin? I have my pot and the various components. I now need a fingernail or a hair or something from one of the boys.”
The knock on the door came about half eight in the evening; both of the girls were quiet, one out with an after school drama group and the other listening to ear splitting noise that was generously called music by someone. Dinner was finished, the plates washed and put away, the laundry already folded, and Jody had treated herself to a glass of rum and coke and whatever Netflix had to offer that day.
“He’s not dying, he’s just a bit muddy,” Jody soothed them both and pulled out a tissue that she thankfully had in her pocket. “I’m going to press this here and then we’ll get you all cleaned up, okay Sam?”
“I’m taking that to mean it’ll be with me within a few days and thank you very much for all your help, Rowena, you’re a wonderful person,”
There was a silence as they looked at each other before Balthazar held up his hands as though in surrender and chuckled softly again.
Dean and Cas had been guided to the middle of the column, protected either end by other community members that smiled at them as they gently showed them where to go. Some of the community held old fashioned rectangular lanterns, their lights flickering as the group walked, and others carried red streamer like flags that flickered prettily in the breeze.
“One of these days your politeness is going to kill you, Cas,” Dean commented and looked like he was about to push himself up from the bed when Castiel raised his head again.
The angel shoved the door open so roughly that it almost flew off its hinges, marching into the living room and looking around anxiously.
Another thrust, harder, deeper, and Dean cried out weakly. Oh god, he couldn’t continue this, he had to come, and he reached down to stroke himself only to find Cas pausing to gently smack his hand away.
His nerves were rubbing off on Dean, who also suddenly looked a lot less certain. The witch eyed them, unimpressed.
Jody never did find out what the thing was before they had zoomed outside, still furiously shouting at each other. She sighed softly. Well, that was a habit they’d kept until adulthood; all they needed now was some dubious name-calling. Well, until the crash and then the scream.
“I did not say that.” he hesitated. “Well, I did, but I would not wish to force you to remove your clothes. I know that would make you uncomfortable.”
“Just up there. He was moving a little, and tried to say something and then just shut his eyes and went to sleep. We checked he was breathing. He’s still breathing, right?”
“I don’t know. He was found in the middle of the Glen by some passers by.” Castiel moved back to the bed and slowly sat next to Dean, feeling the mattress dip under his weight. “He has a head injury but I don’t know whether that was pre or post unconsciousness.”
“Will you stay for tonight?” Dean asked softly. “You know. Just in case the dreams come back again.”
“Yeah, that was probably a stupid question.” Most questions led to Dean when it came to Cas, which made it all the more ridiculous that the pair were still maintaining they were ‘close friends with a strong bond’. Glue companies would be impressed by the strength of that bond. Sam glanced at him. “His current mood?”
“Want to suck on my finger, boy?” he murmured, eyes playful. “Or is that just going to be a placeholder for something else?”
Another thoughtful look across the angel’s face before he gave a little shake of the head. “It would be hard to enter into the more aggressive dreams, especially if the subject isn’t either expecting it or welcome to the intrusion. In my experience, it just makes them worse and associates whoever it is with whatever trauma they are seeing. And it would help if we knew what we were up against.”
“Exactly. No ruffling feathers, no ‘just saying’ comments, no suggestions of strip joints or anything else. As far as anyone knows, you’re both a nice, normal, homosexual couple. Okay?”
“Hey. You back with me?” Dean said softly, and was so damned relieved to see those vivid blue eyes moved to study him with the intensity he remembered. So good. Cas’ eyes narrowed again in thought and then there was a soft noise of acknowledgement, although Dean noted the fact that his husband was still sitting bolt upright as though glued in place.
?” Dean rolled onto his side and propped up his head on his hand. “Cas, I don’t need my memory to know I love you. Isn’t that enough? You love me too, right?”
“Cas, stop,” Dean finally moved, leaning back and his voice softer in what seemed to be understanding. “I know. I remember that bit as well.”
Wasn’t sure whether it was something he wanted, but since there was no alcohol that definitely would not be a problem. He could still feel the awkwardness rise up in him now, and that was just over the prospect of sharing a pot of coffee. Sex was a lot easier when you didn’t care for the other person, could get drunk and were guaranteed not to see them afterward - ideally not through death of the other person, but if they had that as a rule Sam would never get laid.
A smile to indicate this was mostly a joke, but Castiel seemed to be thinking it over. Or at least until there was another little noise at the door and the still battered figure of Dean stared at them with the wide, glistening eyes of a small child who felt severely wronged. He was also dusty. The reason for that probably needed to be explored at a later time.
“This won’t harm them, right?” Jody watched as items of questionable origins filled up the small table in front of them, including what appeared to be a glass jar crammed full with small furry limbs. Mice? Possibly mice. Because that’s what everyone had in their handbag.
out of my sight,” Dean took a step closer, all but vibrating in anger. “You want to go all moral high ground, Sam, you can take it to whatever church you’re sucking up to.”
“Thank you, Jody,” Castiel accepted the offer and slowly, carefully, deposited the sleeping boy into Jody’s arms in a way that suggested the angel was still trying to work out how to deal with small children. Jody estimated they were probably around the three or four year old mark, still definitely little but with enough age that toileting and conversation were at least viable, and that again was a definite plus.
Which was a lie, that was from the brochure, but who was counting. Castiel was still eyeing him carefully, and Dean kissed him again, a little deeper, enjoying the taste and the feel of the man’s mouth against his own. Yeah, okay, he could get used to it, and there was another ripple of need and sensation that shot down his spine as the other man began to cautiously kiss him back. Only for a moment though, a flicker of change before the man went back to prim and proper. Perhaps he was one of those people who liked romantic gestures at set schedules.
“Is that any way to talk to your brother’s saviour?” Balthazar replied reproachfully, then chuckled softly again as he finished his drink and stubbed the cigarette out in it. “Right. I have the items. Cas, you and your boy want to come out to the main room? We can get boogie-ing.”
Cas’ voice cut through the argument like a hot knife through butter. Dean didn’t even bother giving Sam a scowl as his attention immediately shifted to Cas, one hand raising to gently cup Cas’ cheek tenderly.
“Well… I guess.” Dean snapped. Only Castiel didn’t mind the anger either. This was his Dean, the man who turned to the only real solution he’d had for most of his life for something that unnerved or threatened him. The anger was not aimed at him, nor even at Sam, but the fear and uncertainty and for that he could appreciate the teeth bearing.
Sam had recovered his own breath but he was clutching hold of his wrist with the other hand, a look of outrage still very much present on his features.
The words were meant but Castiel did have additional concerns. There had not been any additional triggers that he had seen, and the reason why Dean should have such night terrors was still unclear. But he could not sense any malevolent presence within him, and Dean was slowly but surely settling down at Castiel’s words. A gentle touch improved this even further, the palm of his hand stroking across Dean’s back as Castiel continued to murmur his reassurances into Dean’s ear.
Certainly, Sam at the door hadn’t. The younger Winchester had left it until 10am to cautiously approach the room, slowly opening the door to check whether the silence was positive or whether the night had resulted in yet another violent encounter. Their eyes had met and Sam had given him both a triumphant grin and also a little thumbs up gesture, which Castiel took to be extremely positive, if a little uncomfortable. Sam had vanished before Castiel could explain that their bare chests had been the only nudity on show during the night, although he had a suspicion that any protests would be assumed to be false.
“Fuck this. I’m done trying to help him.” he turned and vanished out toward the corridor, his injured hand still tenderly held that suggested a bone might well have been broken. Castiel eyed him for a moment, then looked back at Dean who seemed just about ready to collapse.
“It’s Jody, Sam, remember me? I’m the police lady with Claire and Annie.” she placed the now empty cup to the side and moved to crouch down to the clearly anxious boy. “Dean’s over there and Cas is sitting over there. You’re safe.”
“Of course you will.” Sam folded his arms. “Shame the whole head injury didn’t get rid of the inner asshole-,”
“I will,” he said. There was no other answer to give, after all. He was aware of his charge’s gaze falling on him as soon as he hung up, a wary look in Dean’s eyes.
Castiel pushed himself into a run and headed back to the house. Perhaps Dean was hunting for Sam. Perhaps his mind had become confused. Perhaps- perhaps a lot of things, and most of them unpleasant. The knowledge that others in the community were under so much strain did nothing but add to his concerns. Would Dean have run? Would he have fallen? He didn’t know. He
“Don’t be silly, she’s not a monster.” Dean was still stuck to Castiel, although was clearly curious about his brother’s line of thinking. “She has bouncy hair. Monsters don’t have bouncy hair.”
It had started pretty good, if irritating. Cas was almost more attentive than normal, as though genuinely expecting him to go head over heels from some slip and trip, and if it wasn’t pretty adorable Dean would be getting really fed up right about now. He wasn’t some kid they had to watch! The only good thing was that Cas’ hand never strayed from his, a firm anchor protecting him from whatever beasties Cas and Sam had created in their minds, and Dean wasn’t planning to object.
“How do you feel?” Castiel attempted to address the issue with a more upbeat and positive query, despite the fact that he was certain that the answer should be a crude version of ‘not very well.’
Dean had been watching them back and forth, arms folded across his chest and a bewildered expression on his face. Finally he rolled his eyes and waved a hand.
“I… don’t you have guns?” But the doubt was clear on his face. Guns were clearly not as good as his supernatural sword.
“O..kay,” Sam said slowly, who was clearly aware that a lack of straight ‘he’s okay’ normally meant something more complicated. “Does he remember anything?”
Dean confirmed that it was indeed fantastic, and slowly pushed himself off the floor. He offered a small, sheepish grin to Sam, but at least his brother was alive. Highly suspicious and alive, looking between him and Castiel and alive, giving him a particular ‘we will have words later on’ expression and alive, but alive nevertheless.
“Understood. Dean and I will be at the ceremony,” Castiel did not know how to imply that he was planning to destroy the bandstand, but he suspected Sam would assume explosions anyway. He hesitated. “I .. uh, may need to keep him away from you. He is still..,”
“Fuck,” Dean whispered, rubbing his temple with the ball of his hand before slowly making his way into the next room which turned out to be some long living room with a snazzy couch that looked so damned new it probably crunched if you sat on it. He stared around himself again. Pretty damned bare. No photographs, no nick-nacks, no pictures on the wall, just white and cream and wooden floors.
“Ah, I’m pretty sure you do.” Dean scanned Castiel’s eyes, and for a moment Castiel could see a nervous hint behind the bravado, a flicker of concern that this might not end up with a happy ending. But Castiel was familiar with that view. On the other hand, this was not a time to misunderstand.
There was a very long hesitation on that. Dean paused, and then squinted over his shoulder suspiciously.
to blow up in the next few days. And you could always introduce it while we get him sleeping again.” Sam added thoughtfully. “It would certainly give him something else to think about, and … well, give him something to cling on to. You know how family is for him. Need to belong, that loyalty. Sometimes I think he’s just a bit lost.”
“Who the fuck cares why I’m not sleeping!” Dean exploded, throwing up his hands. Sam looked triumphant.
“Thanks,” the grin was easy going, and Dean grabbed hold of Castiel’s hand and gave it a squeeze that dragged the angel’s attention off whatever the hell he was studying - looked like some bald guys at the top - and back onto him. “We wanted to get into shape for our wedding, right, dear?”
“Remember that Sam’s coming around-,” Cas had said apologetically as Dean stepped behind him, arms wrapping around him loosely and his mouth pressing a little kiss to Cas’ neck to earn a small shiver down his partner’s back.
Dean swallowed through a closing throat, eyes distant and one hand having to steady himself against a tree trunk. He remembered the story. He remembered the pamphlet, and the motel room, and the romantic films to get Cas into the ‘mood’, and the way the angel’s brow furrowed when he tried to make sense of crazy human things, and the way they had all fought together, and heaven, and hell, and Crowley and Bobby and Lucifer, and his mom, and the dark nights and the teeth and the blood and the fighting and the loneliness and the stubbornness and the fear and the -
Dean’s hand moved to rest on Castiel’s, and he felt the angel relax behind him at the touch. Past that point he lost a few hours as he slipped into a doze, only waking a little while later at a noise in the room and the fact that the hard wooden floor was beginning to make some of his joints ache.
Dean trailed off as they both reviewed the last sentence. The little ball of hope found some more fuel. Dean, on the other hand, looked sick, but Castiel was familiar with that type of expression. That was realisation, and it was rare that it was a comfortable thought to dig into. The path of least resistance had significant appeal.
“I can understand that,” Jody nodded, and stepped back as Castiel closed the door behind him, still clinging to the little whirlwind that was Dean. “Uh, well, everything’s shut and locked up, but I’m sure we could always do with another security sweep. Just don’t go into the girl’s rooms, they’re.. uh, warded already. You don’t want to set those off, right Dean?”
“-and you have looked after him since he was a baby through very hard times. You have a strong bond, and this devotion is one of the reasons I value you as much as I do. Please, do not put it at risk,”
Clarification rather than assumption? Dean must be nervous. Still, it was always good to check, and Castiel managed to press another light kiss on a random part of Dean - his shoulder he thought, but there had been enough wriggling not to know what was pressed where - and make a soothing noise at the back of his throat.
That was not the best noise she’d ever heard. Jody frowned, and then looked back at where Castiel was finally beginning to control the situation. Or at least slightly, anyway. Dean still determined never to let Castiel out of his sight again.
“Uh, the last one. I’m feeling better. I think, I don’t know how I felt last night, but I’m awake and that has to be good, right?” He bent down to pick up the basket and offered it a little desperately. “You sure you don’t want bacon?”
“Well,” Sam said brightly, like a kids tv presenter. “You guys have a quick walk and I’ll do what I can to fix your water system. Meet back here in … half an hour? Forty five minutes?”
“Really? The community?” Sam mused over that. “Well, I guess if his memory is dodgy then there’s not much else to focus on. Other than your marriage. And speaking of that..,”
“Uh. So, what’s the plan for today again?” he asked as casually as he could. Cas studied him for a moment before giving a quick glance around the room and back again.
“What is happening?” his low demand brought Jody out of her daze. Carefully extracting herself from Sam and ensuring he had several cushions of his own, she swiftly cleared the distance to stand beside a clearly irritable angel.
“Ask your teddy,” suggested Claire, who had been leaning against the doorway. Dean frowned, and then turned his attention to the little stuffed toy. Jody kept a respectful silence before Dean lifted his head and fixed them all with a stern look.
Dean whined softly again under the onslaught, finding the rhythm well enough to move with him but almost dazed by the sheer force inside him that was managing to find sensitive spots he didn’t even know he owned. Silence was impossible, each thrust greeted by a soft gasp-grunt as Castiel worked, and each sensation seemed to blur into each other until it took all his strength not to howl.
“Uh. Come in,” she stepped back to allow them entry. They were allowed all of ten seconds to look around before there was a tiny stampede and two boys rushed through the room to see who the visitors were. They skidded to a halt, staring, silent, not fully trusting their eyes, before they both yelled Castiel’s name as they ran forward to pounce on the angel delightedly.
And this was swiftly entering into a situation that Castiel had no idea how to fix, or even where to start. He could feel Dean’s pain, his uncertainty, his anger that was so typically Dean, but had no idea where even to start in order to reassure him. Words seemed ineffectual, although Castiel was quite certain that the wrong words would be equally catastrophic.
“Well, I’m not sure there’s any other answer other than ‘yes’. They’re vulnerable and they need help.” As did Castiel, but she didn’t want to say that. The angel looked ragged, with  strain, worry and concern etched in his face as though he’d suddenly had three years of full parenting thrust upon him in less than an hour. There was, at least, the satisfaction of seeing the relief flood over Castiel’s face at her acceptance.
“Sam has been clear that he wants us together in this place.” Castiel said finally. Which again was true, even if the circumstances had altered. The angel hesitated. “He just doesn’t want you hurt.”
,” Dean was sitting bolt upright in bed, arms folded with his sword propped on one side and bear tucked in with him. There was a pout on his face that was ruining the impact of his objection, but Jody wasn’t planning to tell him that. Sam was nestled in his own little camp bed hugging his little green bunny and watching the disagreement in interest.
Castiel’s eyes narrowed in thought. “Not really, although I really don’t know how many of his memories he still has. He seems to have taken to the concept of the community well.”
“Sorry,” Claire was still studying Dean in fascination. “I mean, look at them. They’re pretty adorable. They need to stay out of my room though, I don’t want sticky fingers over my stuff, and if they’re Winchesters then that stickiness might be some weird goo or bodily fluid or something.”
“Yes, covered in butter and ready for the oven… please, dearies. Look at them. So small. And then you’d like them to become big adults again. Now look at them again. What do you notice?” she gave them an impatient look. “This isn’t the incredibly hulk. I’m doing
“Cas?” Dean searched his eyes worriedly. His husband was still silent, his eyes open but slightly distant as though he was in some type of dreamland. A quick check suggested his breathing was regular and his heartbeat about as steady as Dean’s which probably meant it was vaguely normal. Dean tried snapping his fingers in front of Cas’ face which failed to produce any type of response, and then, gently, reluctantly, giving him a poke in the leg with his fingers. Still nothing.
He pushed himself up from the mud and the leaves and the darkness and wiped the mud from his brow with the back of his arm wearily as Dean stared sightlessly toward the burning bandstand. The wood seemed to be screaming as it burned, popping and crackling as old wood and paint met with heat, and a slow, long song of outrage as it died. Whatever runes it had were long gone, and so was the fantasy.
“Actually, I like his voice.” and that was Cas, finally, and Dean almost thanked god if it wasn’t for the fact that prayer would probably be picked up by the current angels.
And then of course there was Cas. Yeah, he needed to remember more about how they met and those little details and memories and shared knowledge, but hell, they had the rest of their lives to create new ones. In the great scheme of things, who cared? Cas watched over him carefully, solemn and protective, and although he wasn’t jumping immediately into bed after the incident - a shame - it still felt good, like having his own personal guardian angel to watch over him.
have those memories and full understanding,” Castiel paused before fixing Dean with a steady look of his own. “… would you still be happy to carry those invitations out or do we forget anything occurred?”
He had no idea how much time had passed but eventually they broke, both breathless and flushed, scanning each other’s eyes intensely as though trying to read war secrets. In a way he guessed they were. He could still hear Balthazar keeping up his soft, gentle chanting, and if the angel was going to continue that for the whole session then he was probably going to have one hell of a sore throat at the end of it. Still, it was nice. Not distracting, not weird, just .. nice. Fuck knows what it was actually doing, of course. Probably causing chaos, or turning the furniture into frogs or whatever. Rituals were weird.
“Did you say you had some sort of ceremony tomorrow?” Sam said slowly. “In the woods? Where this is likely to have been taken?”
“Tomato?” Dean offered a small bowl. Castiel had no idea Dean ate tomatoes unless they were squashed and mixed with a lot of sugar and species and called itself ketchup.
“That is certainly one way to interpret it.” Castiel allowed. “Were you coming over today? I could do with your help. Our-,” Brief pause as he searched for an excuse. “-water is being a little difficult. Would you be able to fix it?”
“Look, Cas and I can go have a walk around for bandstands if you’re really, really interested.” Dean glanced at the angel, who hadn’t really recovered. “Right, Cas?”
From the little trembles he could feel and the way Cas tensed against him, apparently pleading was really hitting the angel’s good spots and Dean grinned to himself. Now that he could do, and fuck the fact that Balthazar was there, he wanted this and he needed this and fuck, he was willing to do pretty much anything. He tried to move his leg slightly in a vague attempt to brush his aching cock against his thigh but that only resulted in a sharp slap to his ass cheek. Really?! They clearly wanted him to melt into a puddle of human goo.
Pushing himself up from his knees, Dean shot said ‘saviour’ an unimpressed glare as he moved into the main room and paused at the decorative circle in the middle of the floor. Candles had been set up in various places, with a few items perched on a nearby table. The whole thing was made even more surreal by the presence of a low disco ball that was lazily spinning, sending shards of light into the dimness of the room.
The words died in his throat and for a good few moments there was nothing but silence, Dean’s tired, weary eyes looking at him with a steadiness that Castiel was certain he didn’t like. There was mud on his skin, a dried streak of blood, and a distinct disheveled appearance to his clothing, but that was normal for a Winchester. His eyes, however… no.
Castiel smiled to himself again. He doubted whether the man truly misunderstood the angel’s need for at least a brief delay for preparation. Even if Dean hadn’t slept with men, he was fairly certain the subject of anal sex would have come up during some of his hetrosexual encounters. Sam had always alluded to Dean’s sex life being both inventive, energetic, and probably drunken. The idea that backsides were removed from consideration seemed unlikely.
From that point on it was more chaotic than even Castiel had anticipated. Their mouths met again, shyly at first before delving into something hungrier, Dean falling on him like a ravenous, half starved wolf and Castiel not having either the heart or the inclination to dissuade him from his focus. His hands slid across Dean’s muscled back, nails instinctively raking down soft firm skin as their embrace continued with the soft noises of hungry beasts.
Her sentence was cut off by another crash, followed by the sound of something shattering. Jody raised her eyes to heaven for a moment before offering a winning smile and then turning to find out exactly what had happened. She already knew it wouldn’t be that bad, whatever it was. No fangs, no end of the world, no death, no crazy supernatural attacks. They were kids. Little kids. That was it. Even the Winchesters couldn’t-
“Really, Cas? Your little shaved apes?” Balthazar huffed a soft laugh and then drained the wine glass he’d been holding. “You know I interrupted a really good orgy for this.”
His mouth worked steadily and without much fuss. It was almost too easy to get into a rhythm, sucking, licking, taking him deeper every so often but not intending to go for tonsil attacks as Dean continued his activities. Every so often he had to break off in order to pant for more oxygen, the thrusts deep in his body refusing to let him focus on his work, and Dean groaned helplessly at that. After a while he even allowed his groans to occur while he was still suckling Balthazar, the vibrations neatly transferring themselves to the angel’s cock and delivering a satisfied moan of its own.
.” he didn’t care that Balthazar was just in front of them, watching, he just needed this. Needed it
“Oh. Oh! Yeah, it’s done. All working.” Sam offered another smile and vanished off to leave them with a very uncertain evening.
Definitely a direction he had not anticipated either. The day was full of surprises and most of them required a significant amount of thought.
“He is my friend.” Castiel replied, although his voice was milder than yellow cheese, as though the angel was merely commenting on the current temperature.
“Indeed.” Castiel studied him steadily, waiting for the smirk. There was amusement in Sam’s eyes, but he was happy to note the mix of concern. Sam tapped the bag of tools with one finger, thinking it over.
“It matters to me.” Castiel replied, also truthfully. His body disagreed entirely with the thought, of course. He was so hard that he ached, the light blanket over him enough to send torturous sensations through his body as it brushed against the sensitivity of his cock. There was a soft groan from Dean but he leaned across and pressed another little soft kiss to Cas’ neck.
“What?” Castiel looked at him briefly, then at the woman. “Oh. Yes, that’s right. It’s better for endurance.”
“In my defence, I didn’t know I was supposed to ask about a bandstand. It falls under the same reasoning as not asking about a whirlpool.” Castiel ‘s voice was faintly exasperated.
“Mm.” Sam made a soft noise at the back of his throat, but remained watchful. They hadn’t been out for a few weeks so it was unlikely Dean had picked up anything weird from some sort of case, and as far as he knew Dean had no additional internal strife he was working through that hadn’t been already present a month ago. His diet was normal for Dean - horrific - and even his alcohol consumption was slightly lower than before. And yet here he was, all tiredness and anger, waggling a finger in Sam’s direction that didn’t look like it had the energy to remain rigid.
