Castiel smiles apologetically. “Of course. I am sorry.”
on my back?”
Castiel just shrugged. “She cares. I think that’s a very nice thing,” he said, leaning back against the pantry.
Castiel woke. After the obligatory ‘I’m alive!’ full-body shudder, he stalled, glaring up and through the night sky. Blinking, blinking, until his senses caught up:
until they were off the property.
They stay like this for a while, swaying back and forth.
Dean stands tall, composes himself. There's no bullshitting his way out of this.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - DEAN'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
Claire gasped. “Shit, that was actually you? I wasn’t totally sure, but, I’d… hoped.”
to take part in a hostage situation, in the first place. Felt bad for the kid.”
CASTIEL
It had to be.
(sassy)
Dean knows what he must do - he has to be honest with Cas, and pray desperately for the best outcome.
Yeah, well, guess it was naïve to think that, once we'd saved the damn
...Jack?
One Month Later
Dean was nearly shaking on the drive home. He blasted Led Zeppelin in an attempt to calm himself down, but his plan fell flat. He couldn’t shake the excitement, the nervousness, the absolute adrenaline rush he was experiencing. He was going on a hunt. With some guy he barely knew, but that part didn’t matter. At least not in those moments of exhilaration.
Now, that certainly caught the omega’s attention. “Really? Are you not… related by blood?” Mixed-species blended families weren’t unheard of, but they were certainly rare. Rarer yet when it came to royal families— precious bloodlines, and all that.
“And I Love You So” begins to play. Cas can feel his heart thudding madly in his chest as he rests his head onto Dean’s shoulder.
You're a silly little thing, you know that?
“Yeah, Cas?”
The task was surprisingly grueling, but Dean was hanging in.
“Cas, really, you don’t have to--”
As that thought was passing through his head, Dean was busy bringing up his phone’s contacts. He selected “Sammy,” and pressed call.
Castiel hesitated. “I suppose so, yes. I still need to find a motel in the area, so I suppose that that would be a good place to ask around.”
What the hell, Dean?
Unfortunately for himself, Dean was
Meg shakes her head, openly dissatisfied with the dishonesty in Dean's response. "Somehow I find it hard to trust you. Varsity quarterback suddenly asks out same-sex school outcast. Seems a little sketchy, doesn't it? I don't know why you're doing this, but if and when you hurt Castiel, you will find yourself in a pretty sticky situation. Got it, meathead?"
“Just some clothes,” he replied, reaching in to grab the bag. “I’d thrown my wallet in there too, but I had to stop for gas on the way here. So that’s back with me.”
not okay. Seriously, that sounds like some kinda curse, or something! You really should—”
Sam. Answer the phone. Now.
Dean chuckled, shaking his head. “No, I mean I
. Why the hell should I trust you now? You tricked me, Cas. You pretended to be hunter. You-”
The Impala in park, Dean waits, watches the water below. Content, he's in no rush. No world-breaking urgency, not anymore. Nothing to fight, no weight to shoulder.
"Because it was a desperate, bullshit move. You didn't even love her," Cassidy sneered.
The laughter intensifies, causing Dean to shudder. He isn’t one to admit it - varsity quarterback and all - but he prefers not to be the center of attention. Particularly when he’s the potential victim of a dare that could wreck his reputation. Not that Dean cared about reputations.
“Are we checked in?”
No more waiting-- quick, frantic, Dean turns to Cas, and--
Meanwhile, Castiel would opt simply to enjoy the show.
Castiel shut his eyes for a moment and sighed. “I…” he said, trying to focus on Dean. For the first time, he could honestly say that that was a difficult task. “I’ve been keeping something from you. A very big part of my life. And now is probably an appropriate time to come clean, considering the… extraneous circumstances.”
Dean hands Castiel his books. "No problem," he says with a gentle grin.
Castiel nodded. “I will just need to check out first.”
Charlie, bless her, managed to respond with near perfect nonchalance; this calmed Cas, yet somehow, also put him just a bit more on-edge. Well, then. “Hey, Ro! Where are you at? The back? I kinda, really need your help with something. Or, at least, my friend here sure does. Oh, Cas, introduce yourself!”
“Sorry.”
Ellen offers a full smile, teeth and all. “Gotcha, sweetheart.”
Dean, you...
“You comfortable with this?” he said, features surprisingly stern.
“Well, why not?”
Reveal JACK, stood by a toppled cot. Same outfit we last saw him in. A little wave, a smile.
“I’m not waking up your mother until I’m sure I have to,” John muttered.
Without a word, Castiel leans up and presses a kiss to Dean’s cheek. He pauses for a moment, most likely gauging Dean’s reaction. Dean cracks a smile.
Jimmy sighed. This time, they stood in his own room, keeping only a slight distance from each other. Castiel was fully aware that he was in Jimmy’s face, but he couldn’t be bothered to care.
but not
Still boring his gaze into the floor, Dean begins to hear footsteps. He looks up to see Meg walking slowly in the opposite direction, hands in her pockets. A thought hits Dean.
Rather than answer the omega’s very direct question, Dean plowed on, “Did you know you have such a strong scent? Like, I can smell you from all the way over here. Not that I’m
a problem, then?”
Not to his surprise, Castiel had already arrived. That, and the hunter was standing just outside one of the yellow doors. Dean parked just a few spaces down from where Castiel stood.
Upon entering Castiel’s small kitchen, he gestured for Dean to take a seat. It was now or never. If their relationship was going to progress any further, he knew that he had to be honest. Of course, being honest could just as easily be the end of their relationship. It was an incredibly delicate gamble.
At that, Lucifer trots into the room. “Whatcha guys talking about?” he says slyly.
EILEEN
Cas picks up his backpack, taking the time to sling it over both shoulders this time, and continues to meander down the hallway.
As Dean proceeds to ground himself, Castiel heads forward. He chooses one of the old booths for them. Dean sits across from his date a moment later, forcing a smile.
Macie holds down a laugh-- no sympathy.
Despite this complication, Castiel was certain that he could still celebrate his anniversary to Dean without the other man even knowing.
Deja vu grabs hold of him.
the one in rut.
I was here? Picked up some kinda freaky psychic tracking ability since we last spoke, or something?”
“All right, so, here’s what we’re gonna do—”
"Yes," Castiel says. "I would love to. Where would you like to go?"
have to do with the suitor games bullshit, then?” He threw a look at Benny from over his shoulder, who simply shrugged in reply, otherwise unbothered— if not a bit curious.
“Thanks for showing me that I don’t have to let myself rot away.”
“I know, I know.” Cas dug his palms deeper into the edge of the countertop.
Castiel hyperventilates for a moment before responding, “I am sorry. I forgot that I had a test to make up. I… never intended not to come.”
EILEEN
Dean peered over his shoulder, to see that Castiel had turned around as well. “Dean,” he said. “We need to get out of here.”
Charlie huffed in response. “Well,” she said, “Freakish stomach light aside, have any of the more minor symptoms been causing you enough of an issue? Like, didn’t you mention something about a low appetite?”
Macie PAGES THROUGH, grows confused. Amber notices, shifts nervously-- obvious dread.
Dean and Cas have settled by the road, side-by-side-- no cars in sight.
“Are you going to call Mom and Dad?” Sam said after a beat of silence.
my name, I guess that’s true. But I’m not a guard of the Infernal King, and I’m not a ‘Campbell.’ Not sure your dad would even recognize my actual name, honestly, but we weren’t gonna take that risk.”
Cas stays like that, appearing slightly uncomfortable and enormously confused.
“So I’m guessin’ you like books? What’re your favourites? I like pretty much anything Vonnegut.”
“Cas? Dinner? You interested?”
For the first time of the car ride, Castiel turns to face Dean. “I… yes, I am quite comfortable with you, Dean. I’m just not adjusted to, um, dates.”
Dean sighed. “Bobby, I know the lore is real. The stories. I know it’s all real. And-”
the truth, I’ve never even heard of the existence of angels. Dean, I’m not sure how safe it is for you to trust him. I’m sorry to diverge, but I can’t help but feel compelled to ask something. How do you know for sure that this partner of yours isn’t human? Has he shown any signs?”
By the front entryway, Castiel found… them. Obviously, there was Dean. His weapon had since returned to its holster, seeing as the alpha’s hands were, uh, otherwise occupied.
They made their way through the entirety of the first floor before they ended up back at the staircase.
"Dean," Cas says in a low tone, just beneath his breathe. "I... I have something important to tell you.
Dean grimaced. See? This was bound to happen. “Messed up? Dude, you make it sound like you were
Jimmy proceeded to make a strange noise, something along the lines of a sigh and a gasp. “Of course I expected you to go through with it! I mean, yeah, I guess I didn’t exactly expect it to be easy. But I know that you’re ambitious. Even if you aren’t open about it. You want something out of your life,” he said.
“Nah, you’re not. I’m not the first,” Dean continued, measuring his speech. “I know that much. I mean, I haven’t
Oh, be quiet. However you got here, I certainly suspect it isn't easily replicable, correct? I've taken many a precaution, over
“Yes, we are.”
EILEEN
pleased with his position. Though, Castiel didn’t understand what he’d
“Hey there,” a redheaded woman said, flashing a grin. “What are you boys doing out so late?” Dean could hear snickering from the back seat.
. You guys should totally kiss. For your fans.”
“I’m going to go back to my book if you don’t just tell me what’s going on.”
Dean looked off to the side for a moment, before turning back to face Castiel. “I mean it, man. If you’re gonna sleep in here, I’m not going to make sleep even worse for you by letting you hit the sack on a wood floor.” Dean paused to shrug. “I just don’t want you to be uncomfortable, okay? Now c’mon.”
“What? Dude, no! You’re in love with someone?” Dean’s voice cracked as he spoke, but that was the least of his worries.
He turned to face Castiel. The angel was hunched over, hands on his knees. He looked as if he were shaking.
Sam huffed. “Um, yeah, I guess I promise. Now will you get to the point?”
plastered all over his bare forearms. His peripheral was packed full of overgrown weeds, flicking against the light warble of the wind… and he trembled in tandem.
“Benny!” Dean hissed. “I asked everyone to keep their mouths shut, remember?”
“Answer the question, man.”
Dean huffed. “You have no idea,” he said. “Cas here seemed pretty surprised at first.”
Wow. Looks like we're heading out, then.
Oh, shut up, you preachy little rat. My "interest" is YOUR SUFFERING! I've already won! And I will never--
Most were ill-prepared for the encounter itself, and Castiel had some suspicions as to why that might be: There was the obvious arrogance and need to parade their natural strength before the prince, for one. Proper weaponry as a completely logical support? Underhanded tactics or technically developed plans of action? Oh, certainly not. What were these alphas,
Before he’d even had much of an opportunity to respond, Gabriel had all but flung himself at his younger brother. He squeezed tight as he could manage without cracking a rib or two, and Castiel quickly reciprocated.
“And what’s
We're not here to take any damn donation that's handed to us. Y'all know this garbage ain't sellable, right? Harlequin trash, that's what it is.
Dean PAUSES inside, examines the glass. Sad smile.
Dean began to laugh, turning his neck so that his face was pressed into the pillow. He quickly looked back at Castiel.
Sam STILLS. Eileen waits, attentive. Gives him room to vent.
“I like that idea, Dean.”
Dean threw his partner a smile. He’d never heard anyone talk about “desecrating” something so casually.
The pair enter the Roadhouse, an environment all too familiar to Dean. Castiel begins to glance around, eyes full of intrigue. It takes a moment for Dean to fully realize that the place is completely foreign to the guy.
He blinked and blinked… and kept blinking. Eyes straining and failing to adjust, the nighttime seemed bleaker and more separate than ever before. Fuck, had he lost his footing and tumbled over to another plane of reality, along the way?
Castiel’s confusion deepens. “What are you talking about?”
took initiative over his own well-being. Cas would, instead, steal a page from Dean’s playbook: Never ask for help, no matter how desperately you need it.
Over a month deep into King Chuck’s failed scheme, and both Castiel and Dean assumed the influx of suitors had just about trickled to zero.
“C’mon, you ready to get goin’?”
Dean handed one of the canisters to Castiel. “I’ll keep one this time,” he said.
Dean smiled, for what seemed like the first time in an eon. “Good.” He pressed a small kiss to Castiel’s lips. “Are you okay with takeout for dinner?”
Dean looked to his feet, chuckling. “It’s already been that long, huh? Looks like it’s all made its way to the ground, now.”
Dean freezes. Still staring into his locker - in part to seem more laid-back toward the situation - Dean speaks with a false sense of confidence. “Cas?”
“Yeah, bye,” Dean said with a grin.
The dumbass made a deal with the frickin' Empty, and decided to cash in. To save
Castiel met the other boy with a deadpan expression. “I think that can be arranged.”
(to self)
If Castiel had been expecting anything, that certainly had not been it. His jaw dropped, although he quickly regained his composure. Externally, at least.
Castiel shook his head. “No, Alfred left it unlocked for us.”
“I… Cas, I really need to talk to you.”
“I thought you said you hated tumblr,” Castiel said. He was smiling, as if they weren’t entering a potentially catastrophic situation.
Dean sits up immediately, concern filling his features. "Everything alright, man?"
Cas nods. “Yes, I suppose I could… relax.”
Dean RUSHES DOWN THE HALL. Eileen watches, smile laced with sorrow. Already hit hard by second thoughts...
What the hell...
Now that Castiel was able to get a better look at her, he could see that Mary was beaming with happiness. “Aren’t you two excited? It’s your first holiday as a couple! Well, a couple in the public eye, at the very least.”
Then he was speeding toward the door.
“Well, you’re not late,” Castiel said. “But… how? And how did you even get in?”
Or a curse, even? Although, it would have been hilariously counter-productive for an act of vengeance to
Castiel squinted at the computer screen. “You said that it is ‘fucking hard being in love with someone so much kinder, more intelligent, and frankly more amazing’ than you,” Castiel read. He looked toward Dean, who avoided eye contact. “Dean, I doubt that’s even possible.”
EILEEN
“Well,” Dean started. “Y’know all the lore and stories Uncle Bobby throws at us?”
Dean’s cheeks flared up almost instantly. “Dude, you don’t need to use that word. Makes it seem… a little too intimate.”
“I love you too, Cas.”
Beat, realization dawning--
“Logically, I realize I should have known you wouldn’t have been,” Castiel said, a weak smile beginning to form. “But it’s still very anxiety producing. The process of telling someone.”
Two and a half months into Cas and his relationship, the surreality of the situation has yet to wear off for Dean. Although, despite this being his first stable and truly loving relationship, it’s unconventional beginnings haven’t been laid to rest. It could even be said that the thoughts haunt Dean. He knows that at this point in their relationship, confessing the truth would be detrimental. He had lied to Cas for too long for there to be any sort of forgiveness involved. And Cas was a pretty forgiving guy, to be honest. Dean just knew that he had a breaking point.
He would tell Dean himself, just in case. He would be upfront. Right when Dean got back to the table, Castiel would tell him. Tell Dean he was--
Drawn out of his thoughts, Dean nodded and pulled up along the curb. Summer sat still for moment.
Dean's expression morphs into something almost shy. Which, naturally, causes Castiel's heart to flutter.
Before Dean could respond, Michael and Lucifer seemed to snort in perfect harmony. But only the latter was bold enough to
“How ‘bout you?” Dean says, returning his eyes to the road. “What sort of hobbies you got?”
"Whaddaya see?" Dean says, turning his neck to peer over at Cas.
Despite the faint tears that still streaked his face, Castiel couldn’t help but smile. “Dean,” he said, habitually sinking into the other man. Yeah. Maybe that was what he needed. “I honestly can’t believe you think cuddling is an effective method of persuasion.”
“Not really. I have tried a lot before. Maybe I should just continue trying to sleep. I’m sorry, I really shouldn’t have bothered you.”
There was no hesitation to his movements, his gait full of pep and bordering on enthusiastic. Still, he didn’t reach out to fiddle with any of the items; he simply stood in place, arms crossed over his chest, facing away from Rowena and company.
However, as he prepares to open the door to his house, it flies open from the opposite side. Cas leaps backwards, startled by the sudden movement. He looks down and sighs.
Oh, don't act as if I don't already know just why you're here, you itty bitty gnat. Learning of the logistics is merely... a curiosity.
“Why didn’t you remind me to grab the EMF meter? Not that it’s your responsibility, but I forgot twice, dude. When we met you seemed pretty enthusiastic about tryin’ the piece of junk out.”
Dean closed his eyes for a moment, taking in a deep breath. “You do know them,” he amended. “I just freaked out when you asked about them. But you do know them.” Not exactly the truth, but he was getting warmer.
Dean bit his lip. “I didn’t really think about it. I dunno, Sammy. Listen, it was hard enough calling you, can you imagine having to talk to
“Trying to look nice for someone, maybe?” Dorothy chimed, grinning wide.
Four hours in, Dean’s phone died.
Summer shook her head. “No, actually, I know where we are. I have for like, the past half hour. I can give directions.”
Eileen assesses, SUSPICIOUS.
“I did not ‘gank’ them, Dean, I
Then give you the very same finale as Castiel, all over again. Some nice mushy words, then I tear you away from your only shot at happiness. And what a clever parallel that would be!
“And take your goddamn time,” Dean says with a slight smirk.
“Actually, it sorta is,” Dean said. “But I need to talk to Mom.”
Castiel’s grin widened. “Good. Are we still going to watch the The Winter Soldier?”
That’s when Dean’s entire world, everything he’d known, seemed to fall to pieces around him.
Dean was the first to reach the casket. “Think I found it,” he said. “Just need to scrape a bit off the surface.”
“Okay,” Dean says softly, smoothing his voice over. “Okay. I’ll do that for you, Cas. As long as you need.”
Dean chuckled, reaching out to begin petting the omega’s forearm. Huh, Castiel hadn’t even realized how tense he’d gone. “That’s coming soon, darlin’. I was killed in battle— well, I
Well...
There he was, falling in love with Dean Winchester all over again.
Castiel chuckled as he stepped into the room. “It’s already set.”
“I can hardly smell you either, you know.”
Castiel let out his thirtieth sigh that afternoon. As he was preparing to slide out of his seat, and later deal with the passive-aggressive wrath of Charlie, a voice hollered from behind him.
is happiness. I have love. I can have... well, I can just
To Castiel’s surprise, he
Castiel threw a sideways glance over to Dean, who seemed to have developed a sudden and sincere interest in dissecting his pot roast. To his other side, Claire was in an all too similar position. Gabriel was ballooning up with suppressed laughter. Traitors.
Dean found himself growing only the slightest bit skeptical around the time he turned twelve. He still believed, he knew that much, but there was a nagging voice in the back of his mind. It told him to grow up, to think logically.
Ahead of Cas, sprouting proudly from a matte black pot, were basil leaves.
Castiel nuzzled against his boyfriend. “I love you.”
Can I just ask... how?
Castiel nodded. “Yes, that is probably true. Have you told anyone else?”
Dean furrowed his brows. “Circumstances? What circumstances? Cas, I–”
“And where are you now, Dean?” Mary said. Her tone was perfectly flat. Totally controlled.
Cas smiles at Sam once more. “It was nice speaking with you, Sam.”
Thankfully, Castiel was willing to accept a small helping of consensual barbarism, if need be.
After Castiel’s departure, Dean found himself drifting toward the pool tables.
Thankfully Gavin begins to walk away, still hysterical, before Dean has the opportunity to do anything with consequences attached. Not that he would regret his actions.
Cas freezes, suddenly flustered. He is eternally thankful that Dean can’t see him.  “I, um,” he starts slowly. “School. I suppose that I don’t have much free time outside of my classwork.”
Behind the door, the commotion was abruptly cut short. Silence hung in the air for just a moment, before some gentle
Dean felt a blush creep across his cheeks. “Oh, shit, sorry. Wouldn’t wanna take a sibling nickname.”
Dean was gaping in an instant. “Jesus, no! Just ‘cause I’m bi don’t mean I like every guy in a five mile radius.”
I just feel like maybe it's finally
Great, Cas thinks. Now Dean wants to cut him out of his life completely.
EMPTY!CAS
me to sleep? Why are you still doing this? Why are you
“No.”
He turned to Gabriel, who had fallen silent. Castiel certainly didn’t miss the suspicion sharpening his brother’s eyes, currently turned on their father.
. And now, seeing as the fight has been won... practically speaking, my powers are no longer a necessity. Not truly.
Cas is shaking violently by this point. He has no hope left; whatever Dean had to tell him was going to break his already unstable heart. And it was his own fault.
“Dean,” Castiel said, raising his voice more than he intended. Dean shifted in his seat. “I’m nervous because there may or may not be someone in town who may… have it out for me, so to speak.”
Caden giggled loudly.
their way?
Claire smiled, pseudo sweet. Sickly, even. “All the same, I’ve honored to have been granted the opportunity to mate your son.”
“L- let you become a hunter. He was selfish. That’s the o- only reason you grew up on all of those
As they slid back into the Impala, Dean came to a realization.
Cas sits up, unimpressed. Still hasn't noticed the Shadow.
Ellen nods, turning her gaze to Castiel. “And for you, sweetheart?”
That’s when he notices it.
Dean hesitated. “Yeah. I’d say it’s actually some of the best new I’ve gotten in my life. Next to you gettin’ into Stanford, of course.”
“Dean, you don’t still believe in that stuff, right?” Sam spoke cautiously.
“Okay, sounds like a plan,” Dean said.
Dean hummed. “Oh, don’t get me wrong, I agree. Plus, her pie is awesome.”
, it would probably be wise for you to reconsider your goals. You’re free to leave
Dean cocked an eyebrow. “What?”
Dean STANDS, implications dawning, INVIGORATED--
(somber)
“So my family thinks we’re a couple.”
Sure, it wasn’t an especially threatening setup, but he wasn’t exactly coming at the situation from the calmest headspace. Thus, there was an almost menacing ambiance filtering through the shop’s walls, clamoring in Cas’s direction. It wasn’t
“Hey, Cas,” Dean attempts to flash a charming smile, but all that he can offer is something crooked and awkward. He grows immediately more flustered.
Dean returned the nod. “Uh, yeah. I’ve wanted to get into it since I was sixteen - maybe younger - and I’ve had Bab- my car stocked since I was twenty-four. This was my first actual, y’know, hunt. If you can even call it a hunt.” Dean let out a weak chuckle.
Castiel flashed something close to a death glare. Dean shuttered. “No. I shouldn’t have mentioned it in the first place.”
know you can talk to me, right?
Dean peered down at the floor for a moment, nearly causing Castiel to panic. However, he quickly looked back up, directly at Sam. A grin was spread across his face. “Going on five months now,” Dean said. “But you’re right. Guess we’ve been goin’ about some of the motions for even longer.”
“Okay,” Mary said. “To tell
At last!!! :'D Okay, time for excuses: I never meant to abandon this fic for so long. I was in my final semester of college, and working on DCBB art, and THEN working on my BCBB fic (which is just about complete!!!), and now I'm also busy searching desperately for a job. So!!! I had to step away from this fic for a bit, but I'm back!
"Take a seat," the bald man said, gesturing toward a diner-style table.
So, Castiel went on, “It’s funny, really. How, technically, my father
UNTIL--
The remainder of Castiel’s senior year wasn’t spent much differently than the past few. A steady alternation between schoolwork and panic attacks. He didn’t have a ‘work-play’ balance. Instead, it was something more of a ‘work-panic’ balance. ‘Play’ was a rare but pleasant surprise.
As the fifteen minute mark neared, Castiel was heavily considering heading back to his dorm. He had a paper to finish for his ancient history class, and his current situation didn’t appear to be particularly productive. Maybe he should have just lugged his laptop along with him. It wasn’t common to see students working in the diner, but Castiel was willing to break social norms.
(backpedaling)
He was deep into the trees when he heard the footfalls behind him. Dean swept around, only to see the redheaded demon.
He would slip it into everyday conversation. “Yeah, I mean, I’m pretty excited for graduation. You know what would make it even better? If Dean tripped on-stage. That would be hilarious.”
C'mon, c'mon...
EILEEN
Yes, Dean. My grace.
“Yes, really,” Castiel said. He couldn’t fight off a small smile.
Sam didn’t say a word.
A claustrophobic nightmare-- but short on customers. Kitschy wallpaper and decor. Clutter, free-range merch. Throughout, shelves of eclectic size, style. An allergy attack waiting to happen.
Probably, if it wasn't incinerated at some point in the--
This is where Cas’s stance cracks. His face is filled by shock and something close to desperation. Anger flickers in his eyes.
“Just so you know, I am fully in support of this.” Dean paused. “Hey, ah, just let me shower and get changed and I’ll come right back for dinner, okay?”
"Here," Castiel says, voice stabilized, as he hands the page to Dean.
CLARK
“Why, Dean? Why wouldn’t I be able to scent you?” After weeks of turning a blind eye, Castiel couldn’t continue to smother his own concerns. If this was stressing Dean out as much as it very clearly was, then the omega
“I’m Kaia Nieves, of Dreamwälk. I’m… not too late, am I?”
Shortly before he’d reached the scene, it’d all dipped into silence— well, aside from some garbled yelling, seeing as someone
“Well, okay then. You check your grade, then we’re gonna watch The Winter Soldier. Sound good?”
“So, demons,” Summer said, looking up at Dean. “Do you guys kill them often? Is this regular thing for you?”
Some hesitation-- great,
Castiel was silent, still standing beneath the doorframe.The only noticeable change was his widened eyes.
Dean made his way around the house and returned to Castiel a few moments later. The dark-haired hunter hadn’t moved, casting a vague stare in the direction of the body.
Dean wasn’t sure how long it lasted. Somewhere between a few seconds and an hour. Still, when the pair did pull apart, Castiel was sporting a wide smile.
Rather than be naïve, why not just be… dead? As hesitant as Castiel was to put his faith in an afterlife, surely, whatever awaited must be more satisfying than…
Fidgeting in his seat, Dean nodded. “So, what— I’m just supposed to hold you hostage for the indefinite future? All with a goddamn
Damn it...
Castiel and Dean managed to squeeze in beside Jo and Charlie. As if the physical closeness wasn’t enough to give Castiel heart palpitations, the questions were almost too much to handle. Thankfully, Dean took the reigns.
Castiel nodded. “Okay. That should be okay.”
Dean smirked. “As do you, babe.”
“Why not?”
Dean pulled up in front of Bobby’s house, the bliss fading instantly. He was going to have to explain the situation to Bobby. The guy would know if he was lying, too, so that wasn’t an option. Dean let out a heavy sigh. Shit.
Still, in the end, his admiration for the alpha had reached a glorious peak. Castiel’s mate had launched himself head-first through Hell, all to save the life of someone he loved. He’d sacrificed his own physical and psychological well-being, rather than allow his beloved little brother to suffer and die. It was incredible.
“unresolved daddy issues.” Nonetheless, Cas and Dean hadn’t lived together very long at all, before the countertops and windowsills of their apartment were just
Dean felt like everything he knew about his and Castiel’s flimsy relationship was beginning to crash around him. He opted to ignore that. “Dude, what are you even talking about? Nervous? That’s a lot of times to get nervous.”
Castiel turned around.
, it's because of Cas, Sam! What the hell else do you think I'm doing, here?!
“Actually,” Castiel cut in, before Dean had a chance to inevitably scoff at the plan. “I already have an idea.”
Dean chuckled and grinned. “Yeah, ah, I remembered. Actually, if I’m going to be honest with you, I’ve been planning this for months.”
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - LIBRARY - NIGHT
“You may come in,” he called out, watching his companions readjust and quiet down.
To Cas's hardly containable irritation, Rowena let out another giggle, sleek as ever. “Well, you see, dearie, it’s really just a simple process of elimination. The more uncommon the spell or the curse, the more likely it’s outsourced from fringe magic. It’s as simple as that, really.” She drew back her hand, joining her palms together atop her heart. “Of course, we’ll have to do some further investigation to understand what, exactly, is the matter. Now, think of it like a fun little puzzle— in that light, your predicament will feel far less harrowing. Hm?”
brimming sink. Dean pulls Castiel in once again; Cas expects a another kiss, most likely a more passionate one, although instead he is hit with an amorous hug.
Castiel nodded, still frowning, but also unmoving. “Would you like to talk about it, then? Come to an agreement?”
He shrugged and threw his phone in the passenger's seat.
“If it’s not a problem. I could always-”
Cas hummed. “I guess,” he said, absentmindedly clicking the pen in his hand. “Honestly, I haven’t had much of an appetite, today. But yeah, I should probably eat something.”
“Hello, Alfred,” Dean heard Castiel say. After a moment, the hunter continued. “Yes, we have successfully expelled Elizabeth’s ghost. You are safe to return home.”
So, to Castiel’s shock and relief… King Dean Winchester of the Infernal Realm? Yeah, truly not bad company. Not at all. He was easily the most level-headed royal Castiel had met, and one of the few without an ill-advised arrogance practically steaming from their pores.
Cas remains silent, throwing a glance at Gabriel.
CASTIEL
(scoffs, then)
“Again, I am sorry, Dean.”
Not surprisingly, Castiel was back there. He was already busy shoveling dirt back into the grave. Dean sauntered closer.
Dean snorted. This guy’s high horse was in the fucking clouds. “Why? No offense, man, but all you’ve done is act like a dick. Listen. I don’t know you, so I’m not gonna judge too hard. But could you, like, I dunno… stop?”
sick, then,” Cas said, dropping his hardly-touched burger as if it had personally slighted him. “I can hardly taste. God, this is awful.”
Dean’s cocked half a grin before turning to reach into his nightstand. Cas watched, wondering silently what his “roommate” was digging for.
Castiel was beaming for the remainder of the ride home.
“Well, if I’m gonna be honest with you, I was already planning on keeping him,” Dean said.
Dean was silent.
Dean waited outside of the house for a few minutes, leaning back against the yellow paneling. When Castiel didn’t exit, he decided to make his way around to the back of Alfred’s home.
Castiel nodded, leaning back against the counter. What Dean was saying was true. Sure, they’d lived together for five years. That was totally within the realm of platonic. “Okay,” Castiel said. “And you don’t try to explain that we are not together?”
Frankly, King Chuck could eat shit. Castiel absolutely wasn’t going to allow the bastard to win. Not this time. Not when it mattered the most.
By the time Cas had reached the narrow archway dividing the kitchen from their living space, Dean was rifling enthusiastically through the refrigerator. “Okay, so I know you don’t have much of an appetite, but do you got any preference?” he asked, stealing a glance toward Cas, before returning his attention to the fridge.
“What?” the dark-haired man had all-but growled. He was slumped over and looked exhausted. Understandable, considering the toll move-in day could take on someone.
“Uh, no,” Dean said, followed by a short chuckle. “Well, Dean
Dean finally meets eye-contact with the other man. “Yeah. You’re Cas’s older brother.”
Huh, well… he could certainly see himself adjusting to this.
okay these chapter notes are very important! i ended up developing a bad plot hole while writing chapter four, and unfortunately had to go back to chapter three and change it a bit. all that was edited was the information about the case. below is the updated section, if you'd rather not reread the entire chapter. i would also like to apologize for the quality of this chapter. i don't feel like it meets the standard i set with the first three. anyway like i said below is the updated chapter three section:
As Summer had guaranteed, the drive was short and sweet. Castiel pulled up just beside Dean a moment later.
“So, yeah, gonna go on that walk now,” Dean said. Thankfully he’d slept in his jacket and boots.
“Yes, of course! Well, it’s
He unlocked Baby and gestured for Castiel to enter on the other side.
“He got a little more in-depth than that,” Benny said. “He-”
Hid it from... from me. All this time. Hid a lot more from me, actually.
Adjusting won't be easy, and I don't want to downplay that. But, ultimately, this is what I want. This is what feels right.
“That’s the freakin’ point!” the first boy exclaims, laughing even harder. “It’ll fucking shock the entire school. You date some gay kid, society freaks the fuck out.”
MACIE
mate?”
Cas pulls Dean in closer. “Not true,” he states bluntly.
Jack assesses the room...
They’re overcompensating dickbags, not oblivious. Well, presumably. Maybe I’m giving them too much credit, who knows.”
“I dunno, man,” Dean said with a shrug.
And again.
To Dean’s surprise, Castiel shook his head. “I was actually thinking that we take your car.”
damn right. At least, by your own rules. You didn’t warn me before you acted like a dick, and I don’t warn you. Seems pretty fair, to me.”
EILEEN
“Please tell me you guys kiss before work or something,” Charlie muttered. The room went silent. “What? I think goodbye kisses are cute. Sue me.”
“Actually, he sorta is,” Sam said, handing a small toy to an exuberant Caden. “Hell, I’m probably the only one here who’s heard of him, and I still don’t know what he looks like. All I know is that you used to hate him.”
Dean’s eyes averted from Castiel as he slipped in the Impala. He reached into his pocket, pulling out his cell phone. Programming the address into his phone’s GPS hadn’t been as difficult as he would have expected. Dean grinned with pride, which quickly turned into a frown. “Where the hell am I supposed to put this thing?” he muttered to himself.
“You have most of what we need for a haunting. Alfred has picked up some gasoline, and I have matches in my pocket. In regards to the house, we may not have to do more than conduct a brief inspection, assuming that this is a simple salt and burn case.”
“I…” Castiel begins, eyes locked exclusively on Gabriel. “I believe that I am still in love with Dean Winchester.”
“Essentially, yes,” Castiel replied.
Has anyone ever hold you that you're insufferable, even by human standards?
“What are you smiling about?”
, for the very first time in his life. You know?
There was another pause.
But Dean recognizes that he can’t do that, at least not now.
every right to break up with me. But I don’t think you understand. I didn’t tell you because I didn’t want to hurt you, Cas. It wasn’t some secret I just kept without a fuckin’ thought. It was killing me. I don’t even how to describe it, but I was-”
Dean smiled, edging forward again. “Think of it like this: You’re twice as powerful,” he said.
Wow, okay, just text me you guys' location, all right? We'll head down now.
For his own sanity, Cas decided not to overthink it.
Cas’s expression became immediately blank. “Dean, I don’t know what exactly there is for me to decide. Aside from your suggestion.”
“How long have you guys been there?” Dean asked, taking a step back from Castiel.
Are you just... okay with that? I mean, maybe Jack could restore it, if you wanted. I'm sure he wouldn't mind helping out.
“Kiss! Kiss!” Charlie chanted. She looked around the room. “Aw, am I really the only one who wants to see this happen?”
“And here you were, probably all this time, thinkin’ I didn’t love you. Just because I was too much of an ass to say anything. Damn it,” Dean said. He pulled his hand away from his face to show that there were, in fact, tears forming in his eyes.
“Finally, Castiel! Took those alphas long enough.”
Castiel’s cheeks were stained red as he retracted his step forward. “I’m sorry,” he said. “I’m not typically this forward. Clearly. But you are obviously a very kind person, considering you invited me over here. And I’ve known for months that you’re good-looking. I was just wondering if you could… give me a chance. Take that to mean what you want. Although I understand if you don’t even want to consider it. I’ve treated you terribly. I’m so sorry, Dean. I just wish I was better with people. I know that someone lacking any substantial people skills is probably not what someone as charismatic as you is looking for. I was just… wondering.”
Normal.
Nah, you're okay. None of this is your fault, all right?
“Cas…”
Dean threw his travel bag on the nearest bed. “Hey,” he said, still looking around. “You mind if I take a nap? I didn’t exactly sleep last night. Think I’ve been running on adrenaline the whole day.”
happened to them.
It doesn’t add up, Dean thinks. Claire’s smart, she knows how to defuse a situation without throwing punches at some loser at a bar. It’s — well, it’s the kind of stupid thing Dean would’ve done when he was her age, more looking for a fight than he was seriously intending to protect anyone’s honor. The place looked shady and out-of-the-way anyway, not like somewhere you’d go intending to have a nice night in a new city.
“Yes,” Cas says, “it does suck.” He sounds mildly amused now.
“Jesus,” Claire says, rolling her eyes, and grabs the remote.
Jack was, at the moment, incredibly
“So what’s the furthest west you’ve been?” he asks her. They’re heading out of the county on the 248, getting closer to open interstate highway, a route Dean has taken at least a dozen times before.
“Don’t tell me about me and Cas,” Dean says sharply. “And excuse me, Mr. Well-Adjusted, for needing some time to figure things out after the only thing I was good at just got fucking, deleted from the universe!”
Cas’ knee knocks into Dean’s under the table and he leaves it there, pressed warmly together.
“I could drive some of the way,” Claire offers hopefully a few miles later.
No matter. It can be fixed. He has enough grace left to do that.
And Cas had
“It’s a road trip,” he says. “It’ll be good for her.” Silence. “I think Claire’s old enough to decide if she wants to go to California,” he adds, defensively.
Claire doesn’t respond. She’s still not looking at him.
In the Empty there is plenty of time, infinite time, to relive your regrets.
Dean can’t help laughing at that, but Jack looks at him out of the corner of his eye. “He also said you were picking me up today because you wanted to talk to me about something important.”
Sam made a soft sound of hurt. He started to reach out for Dean again, but Dean felt somehow that he couldn’t, didn’t want, to be touched. The last person who had touched him was Cas; his blood was still on Dean’s jacket. He must have pulled back, because Sam’s hand hung by his side, his expression equal parts sorrowful and confused.
“Hey,” he said instead. “Can I talk to you about something?”
, and settles for an awkward, trailing off “...buddy.”
Dean stares at him, looking fond, and it squeezes at Cas’ heart again. He will have to learn to regulate that pulse.
There was a look in her eyes that in another context, on a human face, might have been called sadness.
“Um,” Claire says, thinking. “I went to Colorado once on a hunt with Alex.”
“Okay, Cas,” Dean says abruptly, and steps toward him.
“There’s one thing you could do, right?” Dean says. “I’ve seen you do it before, when you, y’know, reach into someone and poke around in their soul.”
“She is,” Sam confirms. “We’re helping each other, I guess.”
Cas thinks he should have said something, before. Should have told Dean to look after Jack, reminded him that whatever he looks like, whatever he says, he is only a child.
It doesn’t occur to him until the moment after he’s done it that Dean might not want to be kissed, that he might push him away, but that isn’t what happens. Instead, Dean kisses him back, softly and briefly, and Cas can’t think. It is dizzying, this kind of human contact, and he feels drunk on it, wants more and more, whatever Dean will let him have.
He hands over the keys. Claire hasn’t remarked on the keychain, and she doesn’t now, just gets out of the passenger side door and waits by the side of the car until Dean does the same on the driver’s side. “Where are you gonna go?” he asks.
Outside the windows of the Impala, America’s highways haven’t changed. The billboards for churches and sex shops are the same. The little towns, which seem to come into existence only as dots for the highway to connect, are as identical as they always were, each one a neon oasis with a truck stop, a McDonald’s, and a motel at the first turn off the interstate. And beyond that, the cities and the suburbs, full of people going about the normal lives unaware of how much safer they are today than they were just months before.
If anything is different now, it’s him. His back has started to ache from spending long hours in the car, and he’s getting more headaches than he ever has. He doesn’t have Chuck watching his back anymore, making him a little superhuman. He could swear the car even used to get better gas mileage.
The street Dean turns on to, where Cas has been living, isn’t anything remarkable. It’s set some distance back from the main road, quieter. The houses aren’t huge but they’re got space in between them, yard space where trees are growing. It’s really not all that different from the street where the Winchester family home was located for the first four years of Dean’s life.
He’s so busy thinking it that he forgets to say anything by way of introduction until Cas speaks to him first.
Cas inclines his head in acknowledgment. “I suppose I will die a ‘virgin’ after all, then,” he says, the word uncomfortable in his mouth.
It’s pretty much the same as the living room, white walls and white tile. Cas goes for the counter to turn on the coffee machine, and Dean hovers, until Cas gives him a look and says, “You can sit down.”
That night, Dean decides he has to call Sam. It’s after Claire’s left, after a final round of goodbye hugs and promises to call that left even Cas a little misty-eyed. Jack also extracted a pinky promise from Claire that she would come visit.
“Alex and Patience are doing good. Kaia — well, she’s still staying with me. She’s having a hard time.”
“Or I could go with you,” he said, barely pausing. “The two of you, I mean, you’re not used to being human yet. It could be good for me to be around, help you out.”
. Besides, if he tried it he’d probably just end up trying to explain to Cas about why flowers are a common indicator of romantic intent, as if Dean actually knows
. Dean told him about personal space and not always saying what you mean. He doesn’t — he wouldn’t — want this.
retired,” Dean said. “Not that I got much choice about it.”
Dean has had years with that rebuilt body and, of course, he has not been kind to it. Cas has healed him when possible, tried to set right as much of the damage as he could, but Dean hasn’t always allowed it, and healing has become more difficult in recent years. There are many small injuries that have been remedied, but left a mark behind. Dean has undoubtedly shaved off again many of the years of life that Castiel gave back to him.
“Morning,” he says. “You sleep okay?”
“Dude,” Claire says, “I
“What are you thinking about?” Cas asks him, and it’s funny how that phrase could feel like a tease or a request for compliments or even an accusation, but from Cas, of course, it’s just a genuine question, a real desire to know what’s on Dean’s mind. It makes him smile, even though what’s on his mind is weighing heavily.
Dean just feels tired. It’s not like he doesn’t know what Sam is thinking. It’s been written all over Sam’s face since before Cas left. “I get it,” he says. “You think you know what’s best for me.”
“What’s Ignite?”
“Claire has it. Said she was going to try to find a mall or something. Think she wanted to give us a little bit of space.”
“See, I’d been — been doing the same thing for so long that I guess I forgot how to do anything else,” Dean says. “Or I never learned, I guess.”
Dean advances a little closer. “This
“That’s not true. I can sleep at work. I’ve been doing it for a while.”
It’s so good to look at him and just think that. What, exactly, is there to be afraid of? This is Cas, just Cas, his best friend and erstwhile guardian angel, and Dean loves him.
Dean nodded. “And what about, you know, the human lifespan?” he said tentatively. “You cool with just knowing you’re going to die in what’s basically the blink of an eye for you?”
Jody was quiet for a long moment. “World’s a lot safer place right now because of you,” she’d said then, soft and sincere. Dean could hear tears in her voice. “Bobby would be so proud of you.”
“Not a good fit for a child with exceptional needs.”
It’s worse with Jack than it ever was with Ben, because Jack never really learned that lesson about trusting whatever adult is around to take care of you — namely, that you can’t, because they have to earn it. And Dean never came close to doing that.
. And she’s been talking to Cas, right? Texting him, at least. Dean feels an adolescent desire to ask if Cas has been saying anything about him.
She smiles a bitter kind of smile. “I got divorced,” she says. “Been dragging on for a year, and I promised myself that when he finally signed the papers I’d come out to Vegas. But when it happened I couldn’t get any of my girlfriends to take the time off work to come with me.” She shrugs. “So I came by myself.”
“Wait, what?” Dean’s hand clenches tighter around his keyring. “You’re not coming with me?”
“Was that it?” the Empty asks him, raising one of Dean’s eyebrows in amusement. “Not exactly the most impressive moment of happiness, was it?”
“So do you think he made it himself?” Claire says a minute later. She’s sprawled out across the bed, looking at the ceiling, and she shoves a handful of Reese’s Pieces into her mouth. “Like, was he spending the time crafting every individual rock, or is it just starting a process and like —“ She spreads her hands out in a gesture that’s probably meant to represent an explosion.
Cas freezes in shock for about half a second before he kisses back, an urgent crush of contact that doesn’t limit itself to the lips — he pulls Dean in by the collar, draws their bodies together. It’s a wild kind of kiss, Dean nearly stumbling backwards again and Cas pressing forward.
kind of otherworldly being — if there was, he’d know about it. But he wonders about the rest of the universe. It’s a pretty damn big place, and he doesn’t know if Chuck put any life on the other planets up there, or if maybe it sprung up while he wasn’t looking. It makes Dean’s head hurt to think about galaxies full of stars being created just to be the backdrop of Chuck’s little stories, especially since he was one of them. It doesn’t feel right that he was ever that important.
Claire frowns down at her coffee cup. “I guess on some level I was hoping there
“No,” Cas says. “I was a soldier, not an architect.”
“And it doesn’t have to be — you know, I’m not asking to move in with you. Not right away, I mean. We could just start with going to dinner, if that’s what you want. I just want… what you want,” he finishes lamely.
Dean does something he hasn’t done in years, not since Sam was a really little kid: he kisses Jack on the forehead.
Dean’s soul is brilliant and burning. It couldn’t be said to have a color, but Cas always remembers it as gold, resplendent like nothing else, the most pure essence of humanity he can imagine. In the handful of vessels he’s possessed, Castiel’s angelic essence has always sat uneasily alongside the human soul they belong to, but this is different. He touches Dean’s soul and there is, instantly, an overwhelming sense of peace.
“We grew up on the road, me and Sam. Goin’ from place to place because our dad was always chasing something. He thought every damn ghoul he could get his hands on was his responsibility to kill. And I guess I thought I’d always be the same way.”
The Empty laughs at him, and it’s so unfair, Cas thinks, that this is the last memory he will have of Dean’s face, and not the reality of it.
“Cas,” Dean says, and he trails off, and then Cas blinks.
“It’s just kind of funny, right? Like…” Dean doesn’t say anything, and Claire looks at him like he’s missing something obvious. “Cassie… Cas… you know.”
She laughs, and Dean can’t help laughing with her. “Well, hey,” he says. “Good on you for getting out of there.”
“Sure. But other stuff, too. Sammy’s got Eileen, Jack’s, well, that’s obvious, and you.” Dean laughs. “You’re, like, domesticated. And it’s just — I don’t know. Guess I never thought about you settling down.”
power, too, though. I can’t give it back.”
“Dean,” Cas says, harsh. “Don’t do that. I made my choices and no one has the right to tell me they should have been different. Not even you.”
“Sam told me you’re running away to California,” she says flatly. Sometimes, when she talks like this, Dean has a vivid mental picture of her slapping handcuffs on his wrists.
“It worked, didn’t it?” Cas says. The Empty isn’t listening.
He’s going to at least have to teach the kid how to throw a punch, if anyone makes fun of him at school the way they did Sam. He hopes Cas won’t object to that.
“Hang on,” Dean says. “Why did she just give you the receipt?” If this is some kind of weird attempt at feminism, he’s not sure he gets it. He’s the one who asked for the check, anyway.
Cas told Dean once that he didn’t know why God had brought him back, when he’d died during the apocalypse and when he’d walked into that river with the Leviathans. It must have been some part of the game Chuck was playing with them, but Dean knew Chuck wouldn’t be bringing Cas back to him this time. He wanted it all down to the Winchesters, as destroyed as they could be.
“Look,” he says. It feels like he’s forcing the words out a little; he’s done too much emotional talking lately, too many Hallmark movie moments, and he’s not gonna be a mess over this one. “A car like Baby shouldn’t just be sitting under a tarp in some garage, alright? She should be out on the road, seeing the world. But that doesn’t mean I have to be the one driving her.”
Finished with his tutorial, Dean quizzes Claire on what he needs to remember, and she gets every question right. Quick learner, that kid.
The first thing he does when he wakes up is stagger out of bed and just about make it to the toilet in the hotel bathroom before vomiting. He almost immediately slumps back over onto the tiled floor, sitting there and letting a wave of self-loathing wash over him. The towel sitting on the counter neatly folded into the shape of a swan feels like a cruel mockery. Groaning, Dean pushes himself to his feet and washes the taste out of his mouth with tap water in one of those paper cups you have to tear the plastic wrap off before you can use.
Dean extends a hand across the table to fist-bump her, and after rolling her eyes, she taps her knuckles against his. “You got yourself a deal,” Dean says. “Text Jody so she knows where you’re going to be, okay? And get some sleep, I’ll show you the route I have plotted out in the morning.”
It must have been a Chuck plot twist, Dean thought, the angel healing Sam who didn’t want Cas around. The pathos of Castiel, fallen angel, sleeping on the floor of a convenience store. It wasn’t fair, but Dean had still let it happen. And now Cas had given up his grace to save the world, again, and Dean had just let him go, again.
Jesus. Dean took a long swig of water, half just to buy himself some time. He prayed to Cas too, sometimes. Sometimes he hardly realized he was doing it. It was almost second nature at this point, to call out to Cas in his head when he wasn’t around.
Dean laughs in a surprised burst, and he knocks his knee lightly against Cas’. “Don’t Han Solo me, man. You
“Yes,” Cas said, with a little nod. “Perhaps I was projecting.”
“Right.” Dean’s smiling at him. He seems — well, seems happy to see him. And Cas supposes he often does, when they’ve been separated, but. Circumstances have changed.
Dean felt a little sick.
Chuck looks down at him with something like pity. “Jack would hardly say no,” he says. “Then again, I suppose he learned that from you, didn’t he? You may have rebelled, but you know how I wrote you.” He laughs humorlessly. “As a secondary character.”
Sam looks at him with his patented disapproving gaze, the one that says Dean is fucking up so badly that Sam can do nothing but feel sorry for him. It’s so condescending that Dean feels almost cowed by it.
Now, with Claire in the passenger seat of his car, Dean doesn’t have any idea what to say to her about how she should spend the rest of her life. It’s not like he knows what he’s doing with his. He used to think that what happened to people like him and Claire, you could take that and turn it into something good, because that was the kind of thing that made you a hunter. Made you protect other people. But in this new, safer world — maybe there’s no need for people like that.
Dean, however, hasn’t called Cas, and he hasn’t reached out to Sam either to let him know that the direction of his and Claire’s journey has changed. While he’s on the road, it feels like he’s in limbo, and anyone but Claire knowing where he’s going would puncture that. What he wants is for there not to be any chance of misunderstanding, and he doesn’t want anyone giving him advice or telling him what he should or shouldn’t be doing. Not until he’s there, and he can tell Cas to his face.
“But you didn’t stay with her,” Cas continued. “And I understood them that it wasn’t what you really wanted. You thought you did, maybe, but what you wanted was — freedom. Not peace.”
Dean doesn’t see Claire for the rest of the night, and he doesn’t knock on the door of the hotel room next to his and demand that she explain herself. Instead, he stays up half the night wallowing, feeling sorry for himself and feeling like shit about it.
“Dean,” he says. And then all the lights in the room explode, and the Empty screams as Cas falls forward into Dean’s arms.
“You gotta take care of her, okay? I’ll show you everything you need to do. And this is short term. I’m gonna want her back soon. Jack’ll never forgive me if he doesn’t get to drive her again when he’s a little older, so.”
Dean just waits for the real answer. The last time Sam got serious about a woman — well, Dean always wondered if there was something going on between him and Rowena, but Sam said it wasn’t like that. So it must have been Amelia, and Sam, in classic Winchester fashion, chose hunting over her. Dean thought Eileen was a good fit for Sam because he wouldn’t have to make the choice. But now, hunting isn’t an option anymore. There’s no barrier to Sam settling down, if that’s what he wants to do.
“Just a beer,” Dean says. “Thanks.”
“Oh,” Dean said, helplessly. His hands were still sitting uselessly in his lap. He thought maybe he should reach out, but he didn’t know how.
She smiles at him, and when she starts to push herself to her feet, her offers a hand to help her up.
“It is helping,” Cas agreed. “Thank you.”
Dean tried, and failed, to catch his eye. If Cas just asked him to go with them, Dean thought, he would go. If Cas would just ask, would just tell him that he needed Dean there, he could say yes.
They’re so close together, close that if one of them moved slightly forward their noses would touch. It’s strange looking someone in the eye this close, talking like this, it should make him want to pull away. He doesn’t. “Do you think you will?” Cas asks.
In the morning, Cas thinks, they will wake up together, and perhaps wake up still tangled together, and Dean might look at him with sleepy eyes and kiss him on the mouth. They’ll start driving home together, back to their family, and there will be just the two of them for miles of open highway, windows rolled down and Zeppelin playing over the speakers. But for now, Cas is human, and Cas is tired. He rests his head on Dean’s shoulder. Dean kisses him on the forehead, bringing a hand up to stroke through Cas’ hair, and they stay that way for a long time.
“Be responsible to somebody else,” he says.
, Castiel thinks.
“We’re in some kind of dream, right? You’re dreaming about the past.”
Cas lingers longer than he has to. He feels as if he could get caught in this, like a fish tangled a net, and he wouldn’t try to get free. But Dean, he remembers, is only human and this will cause him pain. Cas withdraws his hand.
He takes stock of his physical condition. He is slightly hungry and more than a little thirsty, but otherwise, his body appears to be no worse for wear. It contains everything that he is now, no grace left over, no trace of the being he was. No wings, no special strength or power.
And of course, there was no use anymore for hunters.
“So, did your dad — uh, did Cas talk to you about going to school? And moving to, um, a different house?”
Cas frowned, looking down at his lap. “It’s… better than last time,” he said carefully.
“What about you?” Claire says.
Yeah, Dean thinks, that’s the kind of place Cas would create.
In the morning, Dean and Claire hit the highway before Sam gets up. It’s better, Dean thinks, to avoid the conversation. Sam would just end up apologizing in that voice that’s actually aimed straight at making Dean feel more guilty.
Jack’s wide eyes are still fixed on him. “What do you mean?” he says.
“Really?” Claire sounds impressed. “What happened? You didn’t go?”
He watched Jack’s face crumble, tears beginning to fall. “No,” Jack said, and his voice was very small. “No, he
Cas nodded. “There are good options in the Kansas City area.”
He feels overwhelmingly cheesy, wrapping up that little speech. Even Sam would be embarrassed by that, but kids like Claire, sometimes you have to hit them over the head with the moral of the story.
Dean wants to laugh at that, his baby brother being proud of him, but he’s not gonna step on Sam’s moment. He’s been reading those books about family therapy again, Dean thinks fondly; he’ll make fun of him for it later. “Hey, Sammy,” he says, “you doing alright? Eileen pulling your head out of your books?”
Then he sees Jack, breaking away from the pack of fifth graders to sprint toward the Impala.
Dean made himself get up then, as weighed down as his body still felt, and took a step toward Jack. “Hey, kid,” he started to say, but Jack shook his head, backing away from him.
He never thought he’d have as many people he worries about as he does now, never thought his definition of
“Bowling doesn’t have bases,” Cas said. “It has strikes.” He thought about it for a moment, then added, “And you don’t know what she’s looking for in a partner.” He put another heaping forkful of the blueberry pancakes in front of him in his mouth and chewed with his eyes closed, an expression of serene bliss on his face. When he smiled, Dean could see that his teeth were tinted slightly blue. “These are delicious, by the way.”
Abruptly, there’s a hand on his collar pulling him to his feet, and Cas doesn’t have his former, angelic strength but it’s not like Dean is putting up any resistance, his chair clattering to the floor in his haste to get to his feet.
“Yeah,” Dean says. “I drove out here from Kansas.”
The truth is that as much as he wishes he could. Dean can only sort of remember what Claire looked like the first time they met, when she was just a little kid living with her mom in a normal, suburban house. He just has this faint, blurry impression of a girl with blonde hair. Cas fucked that girl’s life up pretty good, he thinks, and all these years later, Claire is still hurting.
Jack turned back to look at him. “Yes?”
Days later, Dean is in Las Vegas, and he has two problems. The two problems, which are probably pretty closely related, are these: he is drunk, and he wants to talk to Cas.
Castiel is in the passenger seat of the Impala, driving along some winding country road. Dean is in the drivers’ seat, drumming his fingers on the wheel in tune to the song on the radio. Cas looks out the window, watching the rows of corn fields and the farmhouses go by. He doesn’t remember where they are, or where they’re going.
“Hey, who do you think made the Grand Canyon?” she says.
Dean shrugs. “Cas has his truck. We’ll be okay.”
Every death was really
Halfheartedly, Dean flipped off his retreating back, swallowing a lump in his throat, and then he was alone.
He looks over at Claire and her issue of Rolling Stone. It’s not too late for her. She’s still a kid, really. She’s gonna figure it out; she’s gonna have a life.
“It means I’m glad to be here. To be human, even. To have the chance to give Jack something like a normal childhood. And I’m glad I told you what I did.” Dean can hear the hesitancy in Cas’ voice as he says that. He imagines Cas’ downcast eyes avoiding his.
But Dean opted to continue, rather than wait for his mate to voice his confusion. Since, clearly, there was confusion. “Look, I… I’m not exactly the traditional kinda demon. I was… actually born human.”
Cas rushes forward, wrapping Jack in a hug-- it's eagerly returned. Meanwhile--
“So it’s a yes, then?” Dean says, his voice tinged with what almost sounds like excitement.
A man sat beside him. Dean had gotten a brief glimpse at the guy on his way over to the bar. That glimpse hadn’t exactly given Dean the most accurate gauge on the man’s appearance.
“Yeah. It’s only about three miles from here, so I thought you’d be down.”
“I guess, yeah, totally,” Dean said. “Why the hell not?”
It clicked. Oh boy, at long last, it
! It SHATTERS, shards raining by his feet. Not even a flinch. He RETURNS TO THE FLOOR, quiet, alone. Glass everywhere.
The other thing that’s difficult about Vegas is that it makes him think of Lisa Braeden. It’s where they met, all those years ago. It wasn’t much of a romantic connection. They barely talked to each other at the time; they were busy doing other things. Just one of those things that’s based on pure sexual chemistry. With the benefit of years that’ve passed since then, Dean can admit to himself that he never really thought about spending the rest of his life with her until he found out she had a kid.
But clearly it didn’t change anything.
It was almost laughable, the thought of Cas buying a house and settling down in the suburbs of the Midwest. Almost, except that Dean could sort of picture it now. The Cas in front of him wasn’t the one who fell down from Heaven all those years ago, and it was more than just missing his grace. Sometimes Dean felt like Cas was more human than he was.
. That tore Dean up inside like nothing else. That fact that the Empty had come was proof he was actually happy to do it, and that made Dean sick, it made him furious, because Cas deserved so much better than throwing himself on the sword for Dean
“You’re such an asshole,” Sam said then, matter-of-fact.
Dean gets it. The canyon is beautiful and majestic and all of that. It’s just that after a while you start to get a little restless, and then you start rifling through the guidebook you got at the visitor's center.
Dean laughs. “You’re coping well with mortality,” he says, and raises the hand that isn’t holding Cas’ to wipe tears from his eyes with the sleeve of his shirt.
Sam makes a sort of frustrated huffing noise that crackles unpleasantly down the line. “You and Cas —“
The kid is pretty obvious when she’s hoping for something. And the idea of not heading out onto the open road alone — well, it’s appealing. “You could come with, if you wanted to,” Dean says. “I’ve got the whole route mapped out. Leisurely, you know? Stop for all the landmarks, then finally hit the beach.”
Partway through the recitation, Cas comes home from running his errands with bags full of groceries, and Dean watches his eyes light up when he sees the two of them together, this smile like he’s proud of them. “Is something wrong with the car?” Cas asks.
Claire scoffs. “Like she doesn’t break the law on the regular.”
Cas’ eyes flash with something Dean can’t quite place, worryingly close to anger. “I don’t understand,” he says.
He’s angry. Cas knows Dean well enough to understand that this is one of the surest ways to draw Dean’s ire — to keep a problem from him, even if it’s one he would never be able to solve.
“Well, shit,” she’d said. “You boys really did it this time, huh? I guess that means the world is... permanently saved.”
“Gross. Wait, what kind? Black or green?”
, Bobby would say. And then Bobby would look him in the eye and he’d say,
“Madagascar,” he says awkwardly, “you can, uh, put that on your bucket list,” and then cringes internally at himself for reminding Cas of his newly acquired mortality.
An hour or so later, Claire comes back too, with a new eyebrow piercing she got at whatever mall she ended up finding. “Sweet,” Dean tells her, and holds his hand up for a high five, at which she rolls her eyes.
Dean takes his face in both his hands and kisses him again, and then one more time for luck. It’s hard to kiss someone who’s smiling so widely, but Cas is clearly making a good effort at keeping it in check, and anyway it makes Dean smile too, feels so damn good to see him this happy.
Melissa squints at him, leaning forward a little to examine him more closely. “Your kid?” she asks, a little suspiciously.
“Don’t worry about it,” Dean says immediately, grabbing his keys. “Stay where you are, okay? What’s the address, I’ll be right there.”
“No,” he says. “I don’t think it’s stupid. But all those people who were stuck spending their afterlife haunting little tourist traps like this, they can move on now. And that’s a good thing.”
“Dean.” Cas did move toward him then, for the first time. He set his hand gently on top of Dean’s, where it was still lying uselessly on his knee, and he pressed firmly down for just a moment before pulling away. The gesture was clearly meant as comforting, but it made Dean’s heart race with nerves that he hoped weren’t appearing on his face as sheer panic.
“Cas,” Dean says. “Let me stay with you. Whatever you want, I mean — we can get married tomorrow.”
“I guess so,” he says, and why not, why not let this woman he’ll never see again think what she wants about him? He knocks back most of the drink she bought for him. “Not married, like I said, but there’s… well, it’s a complicated situation. There’s a kid involved.” And technically, of course, that’s true, though she couldn’t know how complicated. “Just have to decide what I want, I think.”
“I’m—“ Cas starts to say, but Dean cuts him off, can’t stand to hear it.
That’s when he remembers the last thing he said last night, the careless little confession he hadn’t meant to make. Tossing out a drunk
When they get out of the car, Claire starts to head for the hotel’s door, but Dean throws out an arm to stop her. “You’re not going in there looking like that,” he says. “Let me look at it.”
This protective kind of love scares him, it still does, even though there’s less in the world to be scared of now. It scared him when he was a kid holding tiny Sam in the backseat of his dad’s car, it scared him every time someone he loved got hurt. When he was a kid, that love for his family was so big, that worry so strong, that he sometimes wished he didn’t feel it. That he could make that caring part of himself go away and run from his father, from Sam, from what felt like the responsibility of the world on his shoulders and just go, driving down the open highway alone.
“Claire—“ Dean says, intending to start saying something about how her parents cared about her and didn’t mean to leave her behind, but she cuts him off with a look.
“I’m actually heading out on the road tomorrow,” he says. “Road trip out to California. Gonna see some of the sights I missed over the years.”
He’s had hangovers before, but in comparison those were like a splinter compared with some of the torture in Hell that featured needles being shoved into sensitive places.
“Alright, man,” he mutters. “Enough feelings talk.”
Claire shrugs. “Okay,” she says. “I’m just saying, maybe it’s not. That complicated.”
Cas can’t help taking a step back. “You killed God.”
Claire smiles at him, a genuine smile, and it pulls at some heartstring, untangles some knot in his chest. “Yeah,” she says softly. “Thanks, Dean.”
“Thank you,” Claire says when she lets go and takes a substantial step back.. It’s barely above a mumble, and she looks as embarrassed to be saying it as he’s sure he must look to be hearing it. “The past few weeks, uh, it was good. It helped me a lot.” She looks down at her shoes. “So thanks, for letting me go with you.”
Dean can’t help thinking of Kaia.
“Dean,” Cas says, “I would appreciate it if you’d just tell me what you mean.”
Dean held him close for a long moment before letting him go.
“Do you really,” Cas says, in a low voice, and if there’s more of the sentence Dean doesn’t hear it because he’s already kissing him again, the best way he knows to say
Dean stares. There’s shock in his eyes, and he makes a strange, incomplete hand gesture, and if he considers reaching out to Cas and then thinks better of it.
He was taking the coward’s way out with Cas from the start, he knows that. And it wasn’t right. It’s not how you treat somebody who’s done so much for you, somebody who loves you. Somebody you love.
It’s not hard to dial the number, even as drunk as he is. Knows it by heart.
And here they are, in this place they can never leave together.
Cas looked sad, in that open, earnest way he had. Couldn’t hide it well, with his big expressive eyes, hadn’t learned to hide it like Dean. Dean had once thought of it as naivete; maybe it was, back then, but now he just thought Cas was honest in a kind of instinctive way. He didn’t like to lie even by omission.
Claire doesn’t say anything about when she’ll be getting back on the road, but Cas offers her use of the guest room for as long as she needs it. Jack takes an instant shine to her, listening with wide eyes to her stories about hunts and wanting to hear everything about their road trip.
“Ever seen the ocean?”
. But, you know. It’s a good thing.”
Dean gets a lot of looks when he pulls up to pick Jack up from school in the Impala. Most of them admiring, a few more in the vicinity of hostile. Cas warned him the car would be a little out of place, which was probably an understatement, considering the number of minivans in this parking lot. He had to call the principal and get special permission for Dean to be allowed to do this.
know how that feels. He knows what it feels like for someone to walk back in when you think you’ve lost them forever, without your having gone to any effort to get them back. He knows how wrong, how unearned that feels.
“Do you think they’re real?” Claire asks, looking through a book about close encounters of various kinds. “Like, aliens or UFOs?”
“Hold still,” he says.
“Yes ma’am,” he says, not feeling up to explaining the whole situation with Claire. Besides, he is here alone for the night. “Dean. Nice to meet you.”
Cas hasn’t laid a hand on Dean’s soul in more than ten years. It is familiar, when his grace touches it. The core of a soul is always the same. Dean was easy to find in Hell, a shining beacon that Castiel, when he possessed full angelic power, could have found anywhere. It is so bright here, too, so real.
Cas laughs, disbelievingly, into his shoulder. “Dean.”
Dean’s hands are clenched and shaking, and there are tears in his eyes. “When I let myself think about what I’d do when this was all over, if it was ever over — I mean, Cas. You gotta know, I didn’t want any of it if it wasn’t with you.”
“Sure. You did alright with her on the highway.”
“Sure,” Dean says. “You know what to do if a girl steals your wallet?”
“What are you drawing?” he asks. It’s not real, it’s not real, but Jack is looking at him with wide eyes and he can’t resist playing along.
Dean’s still trying not to cry, and Cas brushes his thumb over the back of his knuckles gently, hoping to convey some sense of comfort.
“I was wrong,” Cas says.
Castiel has lived the past twelve years in a body that first was not his and then was rebuilt, for him alone, in someone else’s image. He has been human and angelic, possessor and possessed. His true form was once something great and terrifying, but now his true form is this — an unremarkable man in a beige overcoat.
“Okay, Jesus,” Claire says, exasperated, and hops down from the trunk of the Impala.
Wordlessly, Jack held the Oreos out to him, and Dean accepted one.
Dean swallows hard. He’s holding onto the mug with both hands, in hopes it might stop them from shaking. “Came to tell you I meant what I said,” he says. “On the phone.”
Claire shrugs. “Dunno. I’ll find a mall or something around here.” She gets into the driver’s seat, adjusting it for her height. “Alright. Text me.” She doesn’t offer him any words of encouragement or even hang around to make sure that he goes up to the front door of the house. She just turns the key, and Dean watches her speed off down the street.
“Poor little Jack is just a means to an end,” Chuck says, “just like his father.”
He stood for a few moments waiting for Jack to realize he should hit pause, but it became clear pretty quickly that he wasn’t going to without being told. “Uh, buddy,” Dean said, and cringed again, maybe outwardly this time, at how false he sounded. “Could you, uh, maybe turn that off for a minute?”
Don't know. Maybe his aim was just off-- kid's probably still getting used to the literal God powers.
Dean nodded. “Oh, okay,” he said. “Name’s Dean.” He smiled.
Dean was prepared to lunge forward, to help the other man subdue the demon, when Castiel placed his palm on the demon’s forehead.
“Hey,” Dean continued. “Um, I thought you were supposed to be in California?”
“I hope so, yes,” Cas responds smoothly. Placing a second hand on Dean’s other shoulder, Cas turns the other man so that they are once more face to face. Without a moment’s hesitation, Cas pulls Dean in, adjusting his arms to rest them atop Dean’s shoulders. Cas smiles shyly before resting his forehead against Dean’s.
“Ellen!” Dean calls, causing Castiel to jolt. “Think we’re ready to order.”
him happy, warmed Castiel’s spirit far more than a pastry ever could— even one of Dean’s pies, which were
left by the desecrated grave.
“Great,” Dean says, sliding his own menu off to the side. Castiel follows the gesture.
“Dude,” Dean says with a small laugh. “You of all people have nothing to be sorry about.” Dean noticed that (out of habit, probably) his hands have migrated to Cas’s narrow hips.
“I was thinking that we should head down to Alfred’s house immediately,” Castiel stated, as if that was the perfect segway.
“And what are you doing there?”
This could not be happening.
“Follow me to the back, now,” Rowena sung, re-seizing Cas's attention. “I’ll dash back out if I’m needed, but for now, privacy would be best.”
Dean shrugged. “They have for a while now. Y’know, livin’ together for so many years, me always taking you with when I visit them, crap like that.” He peered down at the floor for a moment, chuckling lightly.
A beat. Cas, deep in thought. Classic eye-fucking.
Dean managed to snatch a parking space just outside of his favourite bar. He stepped inside, taking in the familiar scent. Whiskey mixed with a unique smell, something Dean couldn’t pinpoint.
Oh, wonderful, another side effect was nausea. His stomach was already staging a damn coup. Castiel would have to consider that
Jo’s girlfriend, Charlie, smiled at Castiel and Dean from the couch. “What’s up, bitches?”
Christ. That was fast.
But maybe I like Cas like that, at the very least, Dean thinks.
Castiel nodded. “Okay. If you’re sure you want to. What is it, then? I won’t judge you.” If he were being totally honest, Castiel was confused. Possibly a bit hurt, to top it off. Why would Dean confess something this private to unfamiliar faces before him?
I suppose you should have read your own fine print, then. Are you so petty as to contain a human in the Empty? Against your own interest?
When Dean turned back to Castiel, he had returned to staring straight ahead.
Oh. Uh, yeah, I am.
Bobby lifted a brow from the chair at the far end of the room. “Castiel?”
Given the nature of the event, Castiel was unsurprised by how gaudy and decor-encrusted the banquet hall had ended up. The curtains had been swapped out for, what looked remarkably like, gigantic silken moth wings. And Chuck’s personal florist must have been on holiday— while there were flowers spread everywhere, potted and free-roaming, there was clearly no sense to the arrangement. It turned out, all the youngest prince was worth was a floral scrapyard.
Clouds smoked out and puddled overhead, drifting by. Wait, but what the hell was— oh, a gunky mix of grass, clovers, and dirt. Very damp, and
Wildly enough, Dean made time for his mate. Time to talk, even if their conversation devolved into bickering about lunch plans, or the low self-worth they both seemed to hold. Truly, Dean wasn’t a man who deserved to exist in self-hatred, for god’s sake. Castiel, however… it could be justified.
“Lucifer,” Castiel says softly. “What are you doing here?”
“Cas?” Dean said, cocking a brow.
So he took a risk. He swung as hard as he could, nailing the gir- vampire in the jaw. Just to Dean’s luck, she let go of his throat and staggered backwards.
Beat.
Dean listened, always intent.
It really did, though— somehow, the flavor was morphing between acrid and utterly tasteless, as it all turned to a tacky paste on his tongue.
“Okay, who’s ready for dinner?”
Not long after, Castiel exited his garage. “Just knock when you’re all ready, okay?” Dean called.
Summer stepped inside.
He hears a knock on his bedroom door. His dad is out on business once again, so he doesn’t have to bother guessing who it is. He can distinguish between knocks, anyway. “Sammy?” he calls.
Castiel shook his head. “I… I couldn’t. That would be intruding. I’m fine, don’t worry about me,” he called back.
You mind if I do something stupid, real quick?
“I was driving down by-”
Just the solid rumble of Dean’s voice was enough.
Dean blinked. “So, this
Dean smirked. “Yeah, I’m sure it will be. You good?”
Dean has been driving Cas home since the end of football season. Although, Dean doesn’t want to put Cas in a situation in which he would be trapped if he felt he needed to cool off. So the car ride home definitely isn’t going to work out. For Cas's sake, he wanted this conversation to be as comfortable and safe as possible.
CLARK
Jesus, what--
"Hey," the woman said, looking at Dean, then Castiel, then Dean. "Are you guys Al's friends? He said you'd be coming."
“What?” Castiel said. If Dean was struggling this much to confess what he had said, it must have been an unbelievably intimate secret. After all, they had known each other for half of their lives. Most personal information flowed freely between them. “Actually, you don’t have to tell me, if it makes you uncomfortable.”
“Castiel told me that he’d be bringing a partner, but he never mentioned your name.”
“How about this,” the third boy says with a crooked grin. “If you don’t do it, we’ll tell everyone about what you did with Catherine Whitacre on prom ni-”
before. You know, with Chuck holding free will in a chokehold since... forever, presumably.
“Four,” Dean responded.
(then)
“Although, as you probably expected, the news does involve Castiel. And hey, based on how you look at it, maybe something did happen.”
? What? How... when?
Chuck balked, grabbing his son by the elbow, before being shaken off. “Castiel, what the absolute hell is she talking about?”
Mr. Forgot-to-Knock was
Cas blushes furiously. “I would like to meet your brother, yes.”
“Ah… yeah. That was about it, I guess.”
(growing alert)
He isn’t going to show up. Dean can feel it; Castiel is going to freak out even more than when Dean had asked him out - if that was even possible. The team will never let him live it down; he can’t even get one of the nerdiest kids in school. They’ll probably just disregard his shining record when it came to the girls of Lawrence High. Screw all that, he can’t even get Castiel Novak to go on a date with him.
EILEEN
“C’mon, Cas,” Dean said, dashing down the remainder of the stairs. He reached the bottom and flew out the door, assuming his partner was still in back of him.
“Right now, Dean.”
Is this... because of Cas? Is that what all this is?
No one "celebrating the big win" drinks themselves unconscious, alone, on the kitchen floor-- two nights in a row.
And that was just the first annoying side effect, it seemed— probably one of many. It wasn’t as if Castiel’s
Oh, and who might this be?
Dean walked over to his bed as Castiel approached Summer. The hunter began to rummage through the pockets of his jacket and pants, making sure to gather everything he’d stored there. Wallet, keys, cell phone, phone charger. He began to head toward the outlet beneath the nightstand, phone in hand, intending to plug in the device. Then it began to vibrate in his hand.
Cas composes a letter:
Yeah, he’d have to ask Charlie about that, ASAP.
“Okay. Okay, I’m just gonna come right out and tell you.” Dean fell silent, before taking a deep breath. “Actually, first I guess I should tell you that what I said last night slipped. So did the bisexual thing, but I at least put a few seconds of thought into saying that. This, on the other hand, I did not mean to say. As good as it felt.”
Cas pulls back for a moment to nod. However, a second later, he has wrapped his arms around Dean, face resting in the crook of Dean’s neck. “I’ve missed you, Dean,” he mutters against Deans skin.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says with a nod as he continues to approach Dean. For once, he’s seemed to have gained a sense of personal space; standing a whole three feet from the other man.
CLARK
Castiel’s face was quickly reddening. Before Dean had a chance to say something more coherent, Castiel was setting the laptop to his side and rising to his feet. “I should go,” he said. “I’m sorry.”
“And you’re
Dean smiled. “Awesome. She gave me directions. Just try to follow me, okay?”
No. What, did you think that was just what
(then)
Castiel grinned. “I would never do that.”
EMPTY!CAS
“Dean,” Sam said slowly, cocking an eyebrow. “What are you getting at?”
SAM (V.O.)
. A mock love. It was all fake, a sham. Castiel could feel his vision clouding from a mixture of frustration and even anger. And tears, he noticed a moment later.
Oh, so
Dean looked to his side as Castiel began to chuckle. It only took a glance at the computer screen for him to gauge what his friend was laughing at.
They reached the door labeled “124,” and Castiel pulled a set of keys out of his pocket.
(taking in the scenery)
“The chances are… difficult to say,” Castiel said. “There very well may be a relic of some sort anchoring the spirit to the house.”
“Woah, what? Me?” Dean said, the words spilling out quickly and borderline intelligibly.
Cas wakes up the next morning particularly bleary in sight and mind. He grunts as he pushes himself out of bed, throwing on a part if jeans and a t-shirt he finds on his floor. Not his typical school clothes - he usually wears something more along the lines of a polo and sweater - although today is shit and he knows it. He’s never going to get over Dean. He’s never going to get over the regret. Why didn’t he just forgive Dean while he had the chance? He had apologized almost pathetically.
Not that he would admit that, even to himself. He had no doubt that Dean was a malicious jerk, and he only had to know the rest of the varsity football team to work that one out.
Should he even risk alerting Dean, his famously magic-phobic best friend and roommate?
The omega opened his mouth to speak, although in truth, he wasn’t yet sure what could be said. Thankfully, the young alpha read his confusion, and was quick to continue.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - CONTINUOUS
Charlie nodded. “Totally, I agree. Cas, you okay with heading back? Do you want me to come with? I can, if you want. Or not. Whatever you need, man.”
There was a quiet snort from beneath Dean’s hood. “Well, last time I checked, that’s kinda what names were for.”
“Good?” Dean asked.
Castiel sighs deeply as he approaches his locker. It isn’t much; just a sticky note with “fag” written on it in red marker. It isn’t much, not at all, and he’s used to it.
“Jesus christ, Cas. You know, I’d never thought something like this would happen to me. Shit.”
Dean furrowed his brow. “Um, a hunter?” he muttered.
Cas cracks a smile, laughing softly. Dean pulls back, eyes plagued by confusion. “What’s wrong, babe?” he asks.
Dean took a few more steps inside, and he could hear Castiel close the door behind him. He turned to face the dark-haired hunter.
“Before I get to that,” Dean said slowly. “I gotta tell you something else. Uh, give you some background.”
to handle it, I panicked. Went and found you and… that’s about it.”
EILEEN
kind of love, okay? The big "L". Bastard pulled a full-on deathbed confession on me. And just saying it... it was enough.
Castiel saw no reason to complain, though. He’d grown fond of nontraditional meetings, and it only seemed natural that
Castiel’s gaze was still sweeping the room when Dean leaned in close, causing a shiver to creep down the shorter man’s spine.
The room around Dean was spinning. “Woah, woah, Mom. Slow down. What’s going on? So you know about hunting too?”
Leading Cas inside, grip tightening slightly, Dean pauses a few steps past the entryway.
Gabriel huffed— as usual, unwilling to mask his exasperation. “Cas. Bro. You know good and well that I’m not gonna buy that,” he said. “C’mon, at least come back inside.”
Naturally, Dean decided to continue pushing away the fact that he was starting to buy all of Castiel’s “angel” crap. Bobby couldn’t possibly have known everything, right? If he didn’t know what Castiel was, who’s to say he
A wide grin spread across Castiel’s face. He was at his friend’s bedside now, arms crossed. “Thank you, Dean. The first meeting is tomorrow, seven o’clock, in the student union. Room 116. This means a lot to me.”
Castiel looked down and smiled. Just as Dean was grinning back, though, he caught sight of headlights.
ZAP! Ahead, a tall, jagged TEAR forms, cutting through the air and EXPANDING, softening--
Castiel rolled his eyes. “I act
He let out a heavy sigh and nudged Dean in the shoulder twice. “Dean,” Castiel said. “Dean.”
Dean offered the woman another grin. “Ah, you might not even want to know. Still not buying it myself.”
Yeah, Sammy?
BLACKOUT.
After some frenzied consideration, Cas jolted back to life and moved to clean up the spill.
“Hey, man,” he said as he approached Castiel. As per usual, he couldn’t quite read the man’s features. “Sorry I took so long. Wasn’t much traffic, but I sorta had to call my brother at one point.”
Please, Jack. I'm really trusting you not to throw him to the sharks, got it?
Castiel cocked an eyebrow. “Bobby?”
“Gabriel is… invasive,” Cas responds. “He does not know that I am currently dating someone. If he were to know, I doubt that I ever hear the end of his ‘jokes’.”
“Bobby, you don’t mind me headin’ down to the city? Don’t need any help with the shop?”
“So,” Claire began, tearing the pair from their bubble. “Should I… just get into it, then? I kinda told Prince Castiel the gist of it, but I can, y’know, start from the beginning.”
One moment was all it took, apparently. A moment of weakness, and now, Castiel was waking up deep in the woods of the Infernal highlands, dirt caked on his palms, dignity blanched and shattered.
(then)
So Dean decides to help out his angel.
Dean broke away once more. “You sure?”
“I sorta came out to them.”
“Alfred, is that where the lock of hair is located?” Castiel asked, not even attempting to peer over and into the locket.
“Uh, hey,” Dean said, throwing on a grin. “My name’s Dean Winchester. I’m your new neighbor. I just thought I’d-”
“Please explain your horns to me. I… really need to understand when and how that happened.”
Headlights appear in the distance. Castiel springs to his feet, hopping down the porch steps. To his luck, a familiar muscle car pulls up in front of his home. The window rolls down, revealing a cheeky looking Dean Winchester.
” Dean started. The demon laughed. Then she was coughing.
“See? My mate is Dean Winchester, by the way, before you ask. Now, seeing as I’m already mated to a
who received the sharp under-the-table kick, seeing as Castiel didn’t appreciate his mate referring to him as a “kid.” Dean didn’t often draw attention to their age difference, and although it made perfect sense to drive home the alpha’s alleged disinterest in Castiel… well, that didn’t stop the omega from getting a bit grumpy over it.
That all comes later, though. For now, there is this.
Cas is standing over him now, Dean a little paralyzed by the uncertainty of what happens next, whether Cas is going to walk away or smack him across the face or — or —
“So, uh, Kaia’s not with you?” Sam says delicately.
“It was okay,” Jack says. “We’re learning geometry. And in art class we’re making vision boards.”
“Just
The moment before it happened had been so sweet it covered up all the hurt. For years, Cas had been holding back those words, biting down on his tongue to keep from saying them. And now he had said it, and he knew that it was good, knew that it was worth it. But on the other side there is only this.
“I wish I had known,” Dean says. “I just wish — if I had any idea, when you walked into this place and told me you just pulled me outta Hell.” He shakes his head. “There’s a lot of things I would do differently.”
“Oh my god, shut up,” Claire says, face going a little red and launching herself out of the booth, and Dean laughs.
The last night before Cas and Jack left for the city, Dean told himself to stop being a coward.
“Okay,” Claire says. “So what’s going on with you guys, anyway?”
“Sure. Sammy turned me down, I need a road trip partner.”
The examination of a soul is something Cas hasn’t done in a long time. Generally, there are much easier ways to tell if something that looks human is only an impersonator, but here…
They’re eating breakfast together, each of them having helped themselves to a bowl of Jack’s sugary cereal. Dean’s just starting to feel aware after drinking his first cup of coffee when she says it. Something about the thought of her catching a Greyhound back to Sioux Falls bothers Dean, picturing her surrounded by strangers, arriving back at a crowded bus depot.
Cas said the same thing, Dean remembers, that he and Claire were alike. He thinks about what he’s been doing at Claire’s age — credit card scams, pool hustling, and a decent amount of outright theft — and winces again. “Okay, yeah,” he says. “I’ll talk to her.”
“He explained a few things to the staff about physics,” Cas says, sounding amused. “I tell him, we should keep things like that to ourselves, in the interest of fitting in. But he gets excited.” He sighs. “I want him to have friends at school.”
Jack suddenly looking ten years younger was a weirder adjustment. He acted different, too, more like a kid, albeit a weird and precocious and almost disturbingly calm one. Jack had once had the weight of the universe on his shoulders, and now he could sit quietly for hours building Lego cities or filling in the pages of a coloring book.
“Hell no,” Dean says. “Not until you’re older.”
Before he can say anything else, Claire throws her arms around him in one of her impulsive, full-body hugs. It catches him off guard, but Dean hugs her back. She holds on for a long moment before letting go, and Dean feels that same sense of pride he did when Jack wrapped his arms around him in the car, tells him that he must after all be doing something right.
“Okay,” Dean says. “Do you think you’ll go back and see her in Sioux Falls?”
“Oh,” Claire says, “actually, I think it would be a good idea for me to go back to Sioux Falls. Kansas is pretty much on my way.”
“What would you know,” Castiel spits, “about being a father?”
Jack’s eyes looked frantic. “No,” he said. “That can’t be right.”
Cas wishes he could say domestic life suits Dean. Sometimes, it seems that it might. Other times, Dean appears tired and haunted, eyes shadowed by the guilt he will perhaps never recover from. Cas thinks of telling him that Sam is alive. He thinks of telling Dean that he needs help.
“Yeah, but you need the caffeine, man,” he says.
“You should get a house with a yard,” Dean said. “For the kid.” And Cas nodded.
, Sam had said,
Claire tosses them from one hand to the other and grins, pleased with herself. He watches her as she walks over to the passenger seat and sits down, watches as she carefully adjusts the seat and the mirrors and the level of the music. Only when she’s apparently satisfied with all of that does she turn the key and turn on the engine. She grins when she feels it come to life.
“Cas, c’mon, don’t say that.” Dean wished he could see Cas’ face. “You’re better than any of them, you know? Any of the angels. You’re the only one up there who ever had a little bit of humanity.”
There was a cost to what Jack had done to drain Chuck of his power. There was always a cost. In this case, what Jack had to do — at least the way he explained it later — was basically drain all supernatural power out of the universe. He’d called all of it into himself, the only way he could become the equal of God, and then he’d taken Chuck’s power too and let it all go. And now all of it was gone, or all of it was everywhere, depending on how you looked at it. Monsters and ghosts and anything else that went bump in the night were gone. Angels, demons and anything else on earth that had once been human or close enough was now just ordinary flesh-and-blood mortal.
Cas scowls. “Please do not talk about Dean like that.”
Dean chuckled weakly. “Way to soften the blow, Cas.”
from Gabriel, they listened. Dean eyed his mate, a smirk only adding to the glimmer in his dark eyes.
Castiel was met with laughter. “A straight guy who’s into dudes? Listen, I’d be lying if I said I didn’t prefer chicks. ‘Cause I do. Doesn’t mean I’m totally straight.”
“He’ll be fine,” Castiel muttered with a shrug, as Chuck finally collapsed to the floor. Silent, but breathing. “We should probably be heading out, though. It’s getting a bit late.”
He began flexing his fingers against the dirt. Castiel’s limbs were still stiff as all hell, prickling and returning to life alongside his own self-awareness. Which, certainly wasn’t proving itself efficient.
Dean turned back to Castiel. “You didn’t answer my question,” he said underneath his breath.
“College,” Castiel said, voice weak. He sounded like he’d been gargling nails. He turned away from his brother, looking across the room instead. “I got an acceptance letter from Northeast Kansas University.”
biological worldviews. He’d already been forced into reevaluating enough of his life, as is.
Dean’s grin returned. “I’d like to say it does, but a lot of people will tell you otherwise. Just not a respected career, I guess.”
(dry)
By then, the kicks and the uncoordinated thrashing were in vain.
the same shape and size, although the structural discrepancies were obvious. It was all very… natural. Homey.
“That doesn’t matter. Dean, do you know any exorcisms?”
CLARK
is a story for another day, sweetheart. Trust me.”
The non-suitor snorted, seeming to loosen a bit. “Anyway, my name is Dame Claire Novak of Dreamwälk. Based on how King Chuck advertised this whole thing, I kinda assumed it was all just for show. And given that I’m even speaking to you right now, I’m guessing I was right about that?”
Dean? You awake, man?
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - MORNING
“What? No, seriously, I’ll be happy with whoever makes you happy.” It technically wasn’t a lie. Still, that didn’t mean emotional pain wouldn’t be involved.
Dean let out an internal sigh of relief.
"Bobby..." Dean said, trying to sooth the quiver in his voice. "I killed a vampire."
Dean frowned, nudging closer. “It’s weird, ‘cause like, I somehow know what you mean… yet have no idea what the fuck you’re talking about.”
Nodding, Castiel wore a bitter smirk. “That would be correct. More correct than you could ever have imagined, believe me.”
“Wait!” Dean called, leaping off of the bed. Castiel froze instantly.
As if he had any right.
Probably his most sincere claim since entering the castle of royally shitty childhoods. He was eager to see how Gabriel handled the introductions— the
Dean put on a weak smile. What the hell had he just done? There was absolutely no way this could end well.
--reading silently, NARRATION overlays--
“Yeah, I think I am. Goodbye, I guess.”
Dean sighed. “What I’m getting at, is just picture how much easier it would be if we were, y’know, family. We basically are already. And we’re probably gonna be bachelors for a while, so-”
me from your apparent clutches, they’ve earned me as a mate.”
(Spine-chillingly pricey,
The king rolled his eyes, and Castiel could see the strain in his brother’s arms as his fists clenched tighter. “This is a private conversation, Gabriel. That’s all. No conspiracy. All right?”
“Good. ‘Night, Cas.”
Dean let out another sigh. “Listen. You’re cute, but-”
Cas felt his heart speed up immediately. He wasn’t prepared to ask anything of Dean. He fell silent.
In return, Castiel nodded.
That, or maybe his survival instincts were even worse off than he’d realized. Huh, well, that was certainly something to think about.
EXT. ONION FIELD - ROADSIDE - CONTINUOUS
“Gonna cuddle it out of you.”
Uh, was his palate normally so sour? It was like his tongue had been brining inside his skull.
He didn’t dream of anything. Nothing he remembered, at least.
The hunters pulled up to a home that was much smaller and, hopefully, much less haunted.
Eileen, Claire, Kaia. It's good to see you all.
, we knew you weren’t just going to be using your real name.” Sam paused, sighed for dramatic flair. “We kept it vague at first, no names at all, but the guard wasn’t having it. We gave him a first name and hoped for the best. Figured, worst case scenario, he’d have no idea what the hell we were on about, and we’d have to leave.”
Castiel’s smile widened. “Okay, I’ll be sure to let you know.”
“Oh, also, I’m pretty sure it’s only fourteen Tupperwares. Not thirty.” Because, clearly, thirty would just have been excessive. After all, there
Castiel opened his eyes to see Dean facing him, concern evident in his roommate’s features.
Cas’s heart is near bursting. “Yes, Dean?”
Dean cocked a grin. “Not bad,” he said.
If Cas didn’t know any better, he’d say that Charlie was attempting to slice into his squishy, heat-resistant flesh with her stare, alone. Frankly, if the razor-sharp shame that Cas was struck with said anything, Charlie wasn’t too far off from her goal. A cocktail of daggers, concern, and curiosity— it was practically pouring from Charlie’s eyes, dousing Cas over the head like several consecutive jugs of ice water.
. “A party?”
(beat)
I was wrong, before, wasn't I? This...
Fingers still interlocked, Dean tightens his grip even further as footfalls can be heard down the upstairs hallway. A moment later, a younger teenage boy appears at the top of the staircase. He sports a mop of unruly brown hair, and appears to be dressed for bed.
Castiel nodded quickly and made his way over toward the bed. He clambered in beside Dean.
Dean bit his lip, then sighed. Not a good sign. “Training went fine. Until the end, I mean.”
Dean woke to find his face plastered to the pillow.
Of course, this is what runs through Cas’s mind as he ascends the staircase toward Dean’s locker.
CUT TO:
Dean shrugged. “Probably true. I just don’t want to scare her like that, y’know?”
Dean chuckled. “Just the address should work. Should be able to program it into my phone’s GPS. I’m not really used to usin’ the thing for much more than contacting my family, but I guess my technologically stunted mind is gonna have to figure it out, huh?” He smiled.
BLACKOUT.
“How was Ally Training, Benny? It was nice speaking with you at our club meeting earlier this week,” Castiel said with a smile.
Or the next three.
"Yeah, whatever. I know the deal. Mom's ghost just killed that Amber bitch. The stars were in alignment, that day."
“I coming down right now.”
Cas still hasn’t decided whether or not to abide by the note. Most likely, Dean will explain to Cas why he initially cut off the letters. He would assert that he just couldn’t continue to send them.
“An angel,” Dean said, massaging his forehead.
“Shoot.”
Sam... even if you had kept him spellbound to the dungeon floor, then swallowed every known counter-curse, you couldn't have stopped him. Not with this. Seriously, you know Dean better than I do... you
He sat at a booth inside the campus diner. Charlie had promised him this would be as casual as was possible, so at least she had delivered there. Still, she’d failed to mention that Castiel’s date would be eleven minutes late.
No. No, no.
Yes! Seeing as we share father figures, I suppose we are, then. Siblings. Huh. I have a big sister.
Meanwhile, Castiel shifted toward Sam and Eileen… the recreational witches. Not natural-born like Kaia, but still perfectly able to add to the chaos. “You can tell him, now, if you’d like.”
Dean huffed. “Actually, I wanted to, um, invite him over here,” he said in an undertone.
“Dean’s not going to-”
“Well,” Cas answers plainly.
“Yes, Father. It really did take a while, didn’t it?” Castiel side-eyed Dean, narrowly restraining a playful smile. “I’ve arrived with my alpha, Dame Claire Novak of Dreamwälk, as well as a guest. I hope you don’t mind. He was a
! And we could even repurpose the Bunker-- turn it into a sort of hunting home base. Maybe even provide lodging, if anyone needs it. Seriously, there's more than enough extra space.
Cas smiled, satisfied with the fact that he had successfully lifted Dean’s spirits. He had reached his goal, and that was enough for him. An anniversary well spent.
The recipient shook his head. “I fucked up,” Dean said again. “Of course I love you. I thought that was a given, man.”
“Bye, you raging lunatic.”
“How stupid are you?” she said. “I’ve been waiting for at least two hours, and you were the first person dumb enough to do anything.”
(just vamping)
“No,” Dean said. “If I went out there and told a group of goddamn strangers, you can bet I’m going to tell my best friend.”
“It’s okay, trust me. I get it. Anyway, I don’t know how I expected you to have hidden more relationships than that from me.”
Dean remained still. “By memory? Just a couple.”
Halfway through his combination, Castiel feels a tap on his shoulder. The eighteen-year-old jumps, not used to this kind of intrusion. He turns around.
Dean laughed gently. “Oh yeah, he’s shown signs. Caught him ‘smiting’ a demon with his bare hand.”
, now?! Lemme see that.
Cas smiled. “You’re welcome, Dean.”
something I was sure hoping I'd never have to be reminded of again, ever.
Castiel didn’t speak. Which, considering Dean’s plan, was probably a good thing.
While Dean had grumbled over having to hand off Chevy, a tantrum which
They pause for a good, quick stare down.
Lucifer shakes his head, to Dean’s relief. Dean finds his entire body relaxing. “Good.”
to understand what his mate was going through. He needed to be able to provide the proper support— the support that Dean deserved.
Until he took a deep breath, collecting himself.
Castiel could nearly feel the twinkle within his own eyes—
“Of course,” Castiel said.
“I don’t have all day.”
Hey. Kid. It's all right, you hear? It all worked out. Hell, if anything, thanks for handing over the honor.
I know. The brotherly instincts are strong, with you two.
I have noticed that your daily letters have stopped. I enjoyed them greatly, and was wondering if you could continue. If that is not possible, an explanation is not need. I simply wanted to let you know.
Eyes narrowing, Chuck began to drum his fingertips against the tabletop. The rhythm was as erratic as it was firm— chaotic, yet assured. Much like the man, himself. “No, Castiel. It really can’t. Could you sit down, please? Gabriel, you’re dismissed.”
They continued to grapple tongues for at least another thirty seconds before Dean began to work his way down the other man’s neck, startling Cas a bit. Dean left behind a trail of chaste kisses, before pulling back once again. Cas grunted in frustration.
Castiel hesitated, before squinting. “Wait. You’re not homophobic, are you?”
“Yes,” Castiel said. “You are correct.”
Castiel’s eyes widened. He had to be misinterpreting the other man. Or maybe his ears were shot. There had to be some sort of miscommunication in play. Still, he ran with what he had heard. “Are what, Dean? A couple? Why would you tell them that?”
EMPTY!CAS
Bobby huffed. “Suppose this is my fault. Shouldn’t have told those hunting stories growin’ up, all that lore.”
(then)
“That ganking three demons consecutively, with your
There was another beat of silence.
Dean couldn’t speak for a moment, words caught in his throat. “Hell yeah I would,” he said eventually.
(raising his beer in a toast)
“I love you.”
“Yes, I’m afraid so. I’m sorry. I wish I could be there.” Castiel’s end went silent for another beat. “Yes, of course. Goodbye, Alfred.”
Castiel rolled his eyes. “Well,
, even. Not to be melodramatic or anything, but it’s not like we have any clue of the severity we’re facing, here.”
... and one too many bottles of Jack.
Squinting, Castiel folded his arms across his chest. Genuine as the king might have seemed, Castiel knew from experience that most royal elites were
Cas is the first to pull away, to Dean’s automatic dismay. “Remember,” he says softly. “I married you for a reason, Dean.”
Should he “slip” Dean a note? There probably isn’t much of a point; this is only a cry for attention
Either way, if it weren’t for the haphazard arrangement of candles atop the vanity, there was no way he’d have been able to see a thing. Was it even daytime? Shit, how long had he even slept for?
Somehow, without Cas noticing it, the kiss had deepened. Their tongues glided against one another’s, causing Cas to unintentionally let out a small moan.
“I missed you too, Cas,” Dean mumbles. “Shit, I’ve missed you so much.”
"Cas?"
Dean sighs and slings his backpack over his shoulder. Brimming with anger, he decides that practice may not be the best option for the day. Coach Singer may kill him later, but at least he doesn't risk hurting any of his more innocent teammates.
“Okay, so we’ve got an empty house to work with. Think it’ll just be a routine salt and burn?” Dean asked.
Charlie told Dean? Maybe he should text her and check, while Dean was ordering. No, Charlie would probably think Castiel was acting ridiculous. Still, just a few minutes ago he had been convinced this date wasn’t even going to happen, and now he was faced with some unfairly cute boy who was all too willing to buy him a milkshake. It wasn’t Castiel’s fault that he hadn’t asked earlier.
“I’m… I’m at some motel in Iowa.”
Dean lays in bed that night, listless, almost grieving his short conversation with Castiel. He had never imagined that he would speak to Cas again, that he would ever be even that close to those pale lips. He would get to continue writing the notes; which was great, but the one-sided interaction had failed to mend his broken heart.
kinda crap, anyway.
Ever seen one of those? They're not known for sweet, stable resolution. Hope it wasn't a fairy tale ending you were after.
Dean is about to ask Cas how his days had went, but Cas is clearly in the mood to get straight to the point.
Even if he’d lied to Dean.
Dean let out a weak laugh. “Bobby asked the same thing.”
Clearly, it's going to take some... serious trial and error.
Thanks for this one, kid. I owe you.
“Dean?” Castiel said, a sudden gentleness leaking into his voice.
“Uh, hey, Cas? Somethin’ goin’ on over there?” Dean asked. He took a swig of his beer, waiting for Cas to collect himself.
He attempted to kick the door in, but it was as if he were striking solid concrete.
how risky that sort of shit is?” He was pacing. “Do you even know how many people are after witches for the sheer fact that they’re
have triggered my rut.”
Dean nearly found himself relaxing at Castiel’s gentle tone. “Then I guess I’ll have to repeat myself for the goddamn thousandth time: What even
A worthy exception, if there ever was one.
Dean’s smile turned ever-so cocky. “Yeah, well, let’s see if it fits, okay?”
Maybe it's finally time for us to... make a change. A big one.
Dean, I... I'm so sorry.
Summer paused, but Dean and Castiel waited for her to continue.
CASTIEL
“Hey, uh, guys. I gotta take a private phone call. I’ll be outside.”
“How so?” Castiel asked. He wasn’t typically one to push Dean when he was uncomfortable. However, knowing that Dean had already told this apparently Earth-shattering secret to half the group, he felt too confused to think clearly.
EILEEN
worth it. Between his own orgasm and the building warmth of his mate releasing inside him, Castiel could hardly fathom a better preview of the days to come.
Dean growled, and Castiel hushed him.
Castiel was about to offer his rebuttal, until he fully processed Dean’s words. He froze, the air in the room suddenly growing much colder. “Dean,” Castiel said, speaking slowly. “What do you mean by ‘another’ hunter?”
Dean chuckled. “Honestly, Sammy, it’s sorta more than just believin’ at this point.”
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - KITCHEN - MOMENTS LATER
CASTIEL
“Not at all. Thank you for being realistic,” Cas mutters, standing up. “I’m going to go to my room. Thank you for listening to me.”
Following their meal, both men found themselves traveling over to the couch. However, Dean didn’t turn on the television.
Brought down-- mostly, for now-- from an anxious high, Sam BECKONS MIRACLE, leashing up.
Gabe flashes a wide smile. “No problem, bro. Good luck.”
Or, at least, what was actually visible of said rider. Which seriously wasn’t much; an avalanche of hefty, dark wool that seemed to shimmer against the moonlit forest. The loose black cloak was dusted with snow, draped over what Castiel guessed was a substantial body.
At his side, he heard Gabriel choke back a giggle.
“And don’t call me that anymore, Meg. We are not together anymore.”
“The bastard!” Cas interrupts, pressing his hands against the sides of his head. He is breathing heavily, and Dean wants nothing more than to pull him close and tell him everything is going to be okay.
The following sight, naturally, was none other than the horse’s rider.
Nodding, the dark-haired boy turned his chair to face Dean. “Okay. I’m not quite sure I’m following, but I’m sorry if I sent you into a situation that made you uncomfortable. I really am.”
“Any reason I can’t sit in?”
CASTIEL
its own container? Its own narrative, or whatever?
“Looks like we’ve got our anchor,” Dean confirmed, referring to the strand of dark hair before him.
All belonged to Dean, believe it or not.
“You sure do. Just give me a second.”
Charlie tapped Cas's shoulder, urging him forward as another breeze stroked past his skin— his
Does the guy know anything about personal space? Dean thinks. Not that he minds the closeness; not in the slightest.
Dean does. Curled up on the ground, still asleep-- is CASTIEL.
“Woah, woah, hold up. Really? Cas, seriously, what the hell happened?”
“Yes,” Castiel said slowly. “I suppose there is. I just have… one thing I need to ask you first.”
Slowly, Castiel crept toward his front door. He took a look out of the peephole and let out a shaky sigh: Dean. It was only Dean. Dean, his boyfriend of three months. Dean, the man who’d nearly just given him a heart attack by failing to at least text him.
mortal "narrative", soon as I'm through with 'im!
“Dean, could you grab the cookies from the oven?”
Castiel nodded. “Well, yes. That is some kind of ‘angel mojo’. Which I do not have. And, yes, I do have a car. I just wanted the experience of traveling with another hunter. I apologize if this doesn’t make much sense.”
Stationed at the bridge, we watch the Impala fade into the distance, taking with it the music-- leaving behind the sound of the water, of nature. We linger, bask in the calm, until, one last time, we--
a problem, although it also could mean—
It was on the tip of Castiel’s tongue. He should just spit it out. What if Dean had a problem with his situation? It would be better to end things now, before they could potentially get very, very awkward.
“So you’re bisexual? Pansexual?” Castiel couldn’t believe those words were leaving his mouth.
“Follow me.” Castiel had regained his composure. Dean followed him as he made his way around to the back of the house.
Dean,
She sets aside the mug, unfinished. Pats Miracle. Moves to exit the kitchen, Miracle trailing--
“Okay. Fine, I’ll leave you alone. I hope you realize that you’ve accomplished nothing in your favour,” Castiel said, letting out another heavy breath.
Cas’s backpack slips off his shoulder a second time.
they think of me as a ‘nice’ autocrat. Is that a thing? I wanna be hands-off, but also, I wanna give ‘em all that I can. Without getting in the way of their sense of independence, I guess.”
“Okay, I… I’m just going to say it.” Castiel swallowed, opting to avert his eyes from his boyfriend. “I’m a witch. Not the neo-Pagan kind, I mean. I’m very traditional. White magic entirely, of course. I know that this may sound… crazy, but please believe me, what I do is very real. I understand you may not believe me, and that you may want proof, but now is not the best time–”
“So,” Claire cut back in. “We’re just gonna tell them that the bite is from me, then? And hope they buy it? For now, at least.”
John let out another sigh. “Okay, I’ll make you a deal. You talk to Mary, she let’s me know how much of an ‘emergency’ it was later. If you fall short, I get Bobby to kick your ass for me. Got it?”
been an exhaustion-induced haze— there were no lingering clues as to whether it had even happened. At least, nothing concrete enough to be considered a valid “clue.”
Shuffling his feet, Castiel began to pace. Had he been a braver man, he might have been celebrating the aftermath of a
(with bittersweet pride)
Whacking the alpha on his elbow, Castiel snorted. “
Dean cocked a grin. “Is that so? What sorta place are we talking?”
Dean threw open the door to his and Castiel’s room. “I’ll take the floor. Assuming Summer’s stayin’ overnight.”
“No, I mean— actually, I don’t know what I mean. Other than, I guess I
Clark sulks off. Amber lingers, then flees.
Chuck nodded. “I suspected as such, and realized that would be a possibility, going in. That’s perfectly all right— after all, you’ll only have to wait another day or so for the ceremony. We’ll just need to—”
Dean snorted, making his way over to sit beside the other boy. “Dude, didn’t you take that test this morning? Can’t you wait until tomorrow?”
In fact, that night, Castiel was pretty sure he was harder on Jimmy than anyone so far had been.
should be the one worried about that?
He decides it will be best to contact Dean through note, as opposed to in person. Especially considering the two haven’t spoken face to face in nearly two months.
Dean’s knot, however, was more of a challenge. No doubt, it was a stretch that was going to take some long-term adjusting to; because, sadly, it wasn’t as if Castiel had any
Cas sighed. “I spilled hot coffee on myself. And, essentially, it just slid off my skin, without leaving any kind of burn, or causing me any pain. Only, that happened— wait, shit. That part happened before you even dropped off the moss.”
Okay, now Dean went from mildly on-edge to appearing visibly uncomfortable. Not a positive first step. “What? I’m not sure I’m following, sweetheart. Are you saying that you’re in some kind of danger? ‘Cause if you are, you’re gonna need to elaborate so that I can help. And don’t say I can’t help, because I’ll find a way.”
“Hey there,” Meg says. She sounds as perpetually bored as Cas remembers. “Don’t leave quite yet, angel. We’ve got some talking to do.”
Prince Castiel Shurley was claimed, for better or for worse.
(then)
Charlie purses her lips and attempts to look Cas in the eyes, but fails. “Okay, I know you’re lying, but I’m going to leave you alone because I’m pretty sure that’s what you want.”
Dean grinned. “You’re the best, Sammy.”
Cas shivers, feeling nearly cruel suddenly. Why hadn’t he at least asked Dean to be friends? He didn’t need to cut him out completely.
Exit Dean Winchester, world-class champion of passive-aggressive mother-henning.
So... I've been thinking.
Yet, for whatever reason, there was a knock at his bedroom door. A quick, incessant, and almost frantic knocking. Dean began to sit up in bed as he managed to croak, “What?”
“Sure,” Charlie replied, leaning back against the fridge. She flashed a grin. “Maybe I’ll tease you about it, maybe I won’t. We’ll see.”
Dean initiates the dance itself, swooping in to grap the shorter man’s right hand. He places his remaining hand on Cas’s back. Cas can tell the Dean is unfamiliar with slow dancing, making the gesture even more thoughtful, in his opinion.
Castiel nodded, smiling. “Again, that’s very impressive.”
“I’d wanted to part ways,” noted Dean. “I hadn’t wanted to burden you, but your son was insistent.”
Dean can feel his organs freeze.
Dean took that initiative.
Maybe she knew something.
WE SWEEP THROUGH...
Dean shook his head. “No, that’s not really the problem. Listen, I’m not gonna lie, okay? The ghost hunt earlier was one of the best things to ever happened to me. It felt so
was the "melodramatic" one?
if word gets to Kaia too soon, though. Although, knowin’ me, she might actually assume I’d pull a stunt like this. Plus, like, she’s gotta know by now that I’m not exactly open to mating anyone else. At least, I hope she knows.”
Dean on his phone. Cas watches.
Uh, a portal. He's sending a portal.
Right now, please.
Cas is beyond flustered, his hands shaking. Without notice, he sits up. Dean peers over at him, throwing his boyfriend a look of confusion. Cas stares blankly ahead.
Dean nodded, growing silent.
Dean and Castiel wound up in the family room. It looked lived in, cozy even. Dean felt a tug in his chest. He wasn’t going to be “cozy” for a long time, as far as he knew. Just because he was a tough as hell hunter now didn’t mean he couldn’t get sentimental.
Dean bounced up, blanket aside and curiosity taking over. He hadn’t been expecting anyone.
Dean looked up at Castiel, unsure how long he’d been staring at the carpet. The angel had fallen back on an unreadable expression.
Hey, shut it. I've had a lot of free time lately, okay? I've got to improvise with hobbies.
“From what I understand, it’s basically search-and-rescue… without the rescue, in my opinion. A scavenger hunt with me as the prize. And you’re the final obstacle,” Castiel began. He watched Dean stiffen at the implications. “So, if some self-entitled alpha can
Castiel shook his head. “No, I’m ready.” He adjusted his collar with shaking hands that were very clearly not ready.
“Hey, Cas?” Dean spoke after what must have been five minutes of silence.
“Name’s Cas. Sorta my date.”
Their next confrontation came just one week later. It was early September, and an unseasonal chill was starting to take over. Dean had been under a blanket on his couch, classic rock blasting, when there was a knock on the door.
Until one thing wasn’t like the others.
anyone else who this has happened to, but… anyway.”
“Yes, we will have to. And just the hair should do. After that, we should be able to reassess your home,” Castiel said with a small nod.
Cas arrives home at his usual time, stumbling off of the bus, still trapped in his thoughts.
“Hey, it’s okay.” Dean says, picking up the menu set in front of him. Despite knowing it from heart. “She died when I was a little kid. I mean, I still miss her, but I’ve kinda just come to accept it. Y’know, that whole stages of grief shit? I guess I’ve reached the end.”
“Elizabeth,” Castiel stated plainly.
Sadly for you, no. Not quite.
CLAIRE
Dean huffed. “To tell you the truth? I do more than I don’t. Bobby’s already told me: I’m losing it.” As he spoke, Dean could see Castiel’s features visibly brighten.
"Thanks again," the woman said. "Really. You saved me. Hey, if you want somewhere to hang out while you're here, I think I know somewhere you'd like.”
It made enough sense to Dean.
Well, that's gonna depend on what you think I'm doing.
Chuck raised his hands and grinned, a gesture far more mocking than it was placating. Although, that very well might have been what the king intended; the man was shameless in his assholery. “Fine, fine, you got me. I was actually waiting on Castiel, here. The two of us really do need to finish our conversation, you know.”
“Hey, Sammy!”
Dean turned to look over his shoulder, eyes widening as he did. Castiel wasn’t there.
“Dean and I can do it,” Castiel added as Mary and Jo were standing up. Dean cocked a brow.
Castiel had made his way around so that he was standing just beside Dean, peering into the trunk. “That’s an impressive collection, for someone who has never hunted before.” He paused, pointing to Dean’s EMF meter. “What’s that?” Castiel asked.
Dean looked down for a moment, before reestablishing eye-contact with Castiel. “Near the end of training, um, I sorta said I’m still not sure I should have.”
Castiel chuckled. “It’s particularly fun to come out to someone as both trans and gay. And by ‘fun,’ of course, I mean absolutely excruciating.”
"Yeah, thanks," Dean said with a grin. Castiel was already making his way down the hall. Dean jogged to catch up.
Dean was true to his word.
“We just have to run with the lie that we were once a couple for the rest of our lives,” Castiel muttered, refusing to look Dean in the eyes.
I'm here because it's what you damn deserve.
You know, we should come back here sometime. It's a damn nice view.
Later on, their strained relationship began to fray even further. Castiel continued to defend their dad, despite his evident lack of love for his children. Lucifer, on the other hand, was open in regards to his detest of the man. He began to regularly taunt his father, openly expressing every ounce of hatred and disagreement toward the older man.
Pursing her red-painted lips, Rowena hummed, squinting in Cas's direction. Cas fidgeted as the witch glided across the room, the floor creaking and whining beneath her leather heels. Moving in Cas's direction, she continued to scope the young man out.
bonus, there was also the visible outline of his rib cage. Which was glowing, hot and electric blue, its light seeping through his flimsy T-shirt.
— no, absolutely not. But Dean was eager, and by god, Castiel was more than willing to accommodate that.
Dean chuckled. “Yeah. Pretty damn nostalgic.”
Eyes flicking over to Dean, Gabriel pursed his lips. “Gotcha. And, that would mean
“I could, yes,” Castiel said softly. “But I am not sure I can trust you fully, either. We have only known each other for a day, Dean. You could be hiding an angel blade in your car, or in your ‘duffel’. I just… I do not know.”
Okay. Fair. And to start, it looks like we've ended up in... an onion field. For whatever reason.
Castiel nodded. “Well, yes. He told me that he came out as bisexual.”
Dean sighed. “No, neither. First of all, I should probably tell you. We don’t know if he’s tellin’ the truth or not.”
“‘Spouse I should take it in. It’s what I’ll be gettin’ used to too, right?” Dean muttered.
Castiel’s eyes were blown wide. “Yes,” he said, barely above a whisper. “Yes, that would be nice.”
The emotional whiplash was enough to leave Castiel concussed. That… wow. That
“I’ve actually had an idea,” Dean said. “It’s sorta experimental, but it’s something.” He chuckled weakly.
Dean took the initiative of ringing the doorbell. They could hear it chime from outside, high-pitched and startled sounding. Dean and Castiel waited.
Well, then. Just fucking
Dean had laid down their makeshift picnic blanket, which, in reality, was a mutilated scrap of tablecloth. Lovingly mutilated, of course, for this very purpose.
For that, Castiel earned a gentle, but firm, kick to the shin.
The kitchen fell into silence. Dean spent it preparing for what he knew was going to come.
The man nodded. “Castiel.”
Thankfully, Castiel responded. “I’m working… a job,” he said softly.
Before Sam's "freak out" spirals too far, Eileen nears, pulls into a HUG. She's calming, gentle, but firm--
Castiel swallowed.
Dean was prepared to give kicking the door in another try when he heard a voice to his right.
“My name is Castiel Novak. But, no.”
Castiel is used to a lot things. But not this one.
“That was supposed to be my job, Dean.”
“Damn it.”
Castiel used his sleeve to dab at his own lips. “Your brother? I didn’t realize you had any siblings.” Dean never seemed to mention his family, so his mate hadn’t pried.
“Hey, hey, I didn’t mean like that. Just come to me after meathead breaks your heart, okay?”
(then, in prayer)
“Because not many hunters would take on a partner so easily. You were willing, to put it simply. And almost none are so eager to hunt. I thought that you would be… an experience.” Castiel said, looking at his feet. Dean couldn’t tell whether it was the result of shame, or embarrassment over being caught. “And, yes, if you’d like me to reiterate. I am an angel. Although I understand if you choose not to believe me. I understand if you choose to forcibly evict me from our motel room.”
Charlie nudged Dean in the shoulder, causing him to jolt in surprise. “See? I knew it. I totally knew it,” she said.
be able to stop me! Filthy, vile demons, holding such a beauty hostage! I’ll—”
A sigh. “So, uh, think you can stand on your own? C’mon, I’m just trying to play along and save your life, here. Would really appreciate some cooperation.”
Cas’s head springs upwards, so that he is looking Dean directly in the eyes. Cas’s regularly peaceful eyes have become something of a stormy sea. Dean shutters.
Oh, and it's so good to see you again, Kaia! I'm happy that you've been doing so well. You deserve to be happy, to be loved.
Castiel froze, before placing the dish he had been busy washing back into the sink. He turned to face Dean. His best friend and roommate sat at their kitchen table. The surface was compact, but it was enough space for the two of them.
Um, any reason your floor is covered in broken glass?
Cas feels as if he alone is capable of spinning the world out of the control in a fragile moment like this. And that sense of power, something entirely unfamiliar to him, takes over. In an instant, Cas’s arms are around Dean’s torso, holding him tight. Dean lets out a sharp gasp as Castiel presses their lips together.
“Mom? Are you okay? Shit, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to worry you. I-”
Dean shook his head.
"Calm down, dad. Breath and let the guy speak, okay?" the girl muttered, before sighing heavily.
“He’s in surgery for the diaphragm right now,” Gabriel had said, voice shockingly calm.
“I had to make a sacrifice. To save him. Far as I could tell, it was the only way. Not gonna sugarcoat it, but I went and got myself cursed. Willingly. And I don’t regret it.” Dean stalled, drawing his limp shoulders into a half-hearted shrug.
Flustered, Cas takes a few seconds to reorganize his thoughts. “Um, yes. I wanted thank you… for making breakfast.
Dean snorted. “So, like I was trying to say… my name’s Dean Winchester. Commonly known as the King of the Infernal Realm. Ring a bell, man?” He paused. “Oh, and I’m your son’s
was what it was going to be like, then the next few days were going to be
The street was silent for a moment before Dean continued. “Okay. Okay, then why do you look so fucking terrified right now? If you could kill a demon like that, I’m pretty damn sure you could do the same to me.”
Pulling into a space that was definitely not a parking space, Dean flung open the door to his car. He made his way slowly over to the girl. Should he call 911? Maybe he should just see if she’s okay first.
Dean and Castiel go on a date every night that week, although they soon discover their niche; hanging around Dean’s house, watching a movie, exchanging shy nuzzles and cheek kisses.
The stream of sunlight hit Cas’s closed eyelids, visible even before his other senses joined him in the waking realm. Morning rays flickered across his face— if anything, their caress felt strangely tangible. Cas could feel the heat carefully needling against his cheeks, never penetrating the skin. Instead, warmth clung to him like a strategically loose layer of Cling Wrap. Sticky, almost.
“Sorry,” Dean replied. “I can turn it down. You don’t need to be such an ass.” The last part had been spoken under his breath, although it was not meant to be spoken at all. Dean winced at his own inadvertent choice of words.
I actually drafted this chapter back in November, but finally got around to revising it. ;w; Also, chapter four is outlined, and chapter five is pretty much fully drafted. (A chapter from midway through the fic is also written, since it's one of my fave planned scenes, and I'm impatient skldhshdkgldg)
Before Kaia could respond, Dean added, “Yeah, and unless my geography has gone to shit, I’m pretty sure Dreamwälk is no where freakin’ near here.”
, that apparently you have a freaking mate, now.”
Cas deflated. “Not exactly,” he said, although he knew it sounded like a stone-cold lie the moment it slithered out of his lips. So, he amended. “At least, it isn’t anything truly debilitating. Just incredibly strange, I guess.”
Castiel was somehow relieved, yet also nearing an aneurysm. All in all, he was… conflicted. Still, the brute displays were entertaining, nonetheless.
Castiel had moved over a few feet, right into Dean’s personal bubble. Dean was beginning to wonder if he should bring up the concept of boundaries during their next downtime.
“Hey, Sammy?”
. Do you even understand how incredibly dangerous it is for you to be here?! Actually, how are you even here? How--
To his lukewarm dismay, Cas didn’t need to ask what Dean was referring to. He still wished that he’d remembered to mention it
CLAIRE
Well, answer him!
The obligatory resistance eventually came to pass, and the pair found themselves in a grassy field not too far from the rear of the estate. Dean’s prized mare, Chevy, was tied to a nearby stump, having just finished her own breakfast prior to their leaving. She seemed content as ever. Surprisingly, so did Castiel.
“On a hunt. A haunting in Iowa. I already said the Iowa part, didn’t I?” Dean wanted to say more, to further assure Mary that what he was saying was true, but the words were caught in his throat.
“Have you thought for a second how the kid’s gonna feel?” Dean says, a hint of coldness in his voice.
“Great, that’s… great.” Dean paused. “Okay, so, I don’t really know how much your father knew about me before he tried setting all this shit up. Don’t know if he even knew what kind of person I am, I guess. What kinda person I am… now.”
Another small smile formed on Castiel’s face. He didn’t say a word as he made his way around to Dean, selecting a canister and flicking it open. He began to pour salt onto the body, and Dean followed his example.
Cas huffed, blinking slowly. Processing. “What a beautiful speech,” he quipped, continuing to gather his thoughts. Charlie flicked him again, this time on his shoulder. “Fine, okay, I understand. I do. I’m going in.”
fault that he’d been rendered motionless by fear, much like a toddler off to their first day of preschool. Nope, no need for personal responsibility or self-initiative, here. Not today.
(then)
if anything.
EXT. THE EMPTY - NIGHT
I'll keep your ass awake for as long as I have to, you hear me?
Ellen - owner of the Roadhouse and Winchester family friend - pops up from behind the counter suddenly, her Dean Senses clearly functioning at maximum capacity. “Hey boys,” she says slowly, eyes flitting between the two teens. “This a friend of yours, Dean?”
Quirking a brow in his older brother’s direction, Sam clucked his tongue. “Oh, is that so? Very interesting.”
“A vengeful spirit,” Castiel continued, drawing Dean out of his daze. “Most likely.”
“Goodbye,” he says as he slips back into the thinning crowd.
“Well, shit. There you are. Guess they really weren’t lyin’, huh?”
The pair sat side by side, shoulders bumping, wordlessly curling into one another. They spoke. Miraculously, they’d managed to hold up a conversation while shoveling pie into their faces. It was a shared skill, apparently.
“No, Dean,” Sam said slowly. “I don’t think you’re a raging lunatic. I think… I think you’re confused. And you may be being manipulated by someone’s who’s playing on your fantasies.”
A moment later, Cas finds himself seated in a chair across from Gabriel. Lucifer sits beside Gabe on the couch; not ideal from Cas’s perspective, but it was either that or the floor.
Dean glanced at Castiel after a long period of silence, only to see his features had gone solemn.
Summer hopped out of the Impala, and Dean watched her as she approached her front door. Just before she reached for the door handle, the redhead turned around and threw Dean a quick wave. He waved back.
Maybe “cryptic” would work, as well.
Dean chuckled. “My burgers that good? Anyway, I was thinking about tomorrow. We get there just before dinner, saves us some socializing. Not that I don’t wanna spend time with Sammy and Mom, I just thought it would be easier on you if we didn’t have to keep our act up for too long. Sound like a plan?”
Meg responds without a moment's thought. "A lot, clearly."
Rowena gave a delicate nod, loose curls bobbing with the movement. She straightened herself, leaning just slightly away, and Cas felt the concrete seeping from his own limbs. Wait, when had he gotten so tense?
They made their way across the motel parking lot, onto the street.
“Actually, I can help,” Jo said with a shrug. “Only takes two, right?”
CLAIRE
Oh, of course you're not.
Dean is honestly shocked by how calm Cas appears; is it a facade? Cas is a good actor, after all.
Castiel shrugged. “I’ve had the past five hours to think it over. The journey was short, but it gave me more than enough time to figure something out.”
“Well, shit. There you are. Guess they really weren’t lyin’, huh?”
He fumbled to his feet. Castiel watched specks of snow accumulate on his tunic, juxtaposed with the rich green fabric. Which, was further offset by his muted surroundings, and all swallowed by the dark. To think, he’d always loved snow. Castiel’s father hated the stuff, so maybe the stance had more to do with his top-secret contrarian leanings, but he’d always been soothed by wintertime. The irony that it might play such a powerful role in his own death— and indirectly at the hands of his father, no less.
“What? Why? I-”
Although he appeared slightly surprised, Dean lit up as well. “Truth or dare something you’ve been thinkin’ about lately? I get it, man. The whole lost teenage years feeling. Make total sense. You wanna start?”
Castiel looked down. “The back entrance. Thankfully Elizabeth's spirit didn't think to lock it immediately,” he said. “But that is not of import.”
Castiel shook his head. “I’m busy,” he reiterated.
“Vengeful over what?” Dean muttered. "Feeling replaced?"
“It’s fine,” Dean said with a smile. “Just don’t forget to set your alarm, okay?”
. And somethin’ tells me she’s not gonna keep her cool like Sammy did. She’s just… she’s my mom, y’know?”
. We're going to figure it out, okay? He's gotten out of worse... which is weird, but somehow true.
“I don’t understand.”
someone? Was it serious, or simply a one-time miracle on an otherwise forgettable morning? There was certainly a chance that he had just been saved a visit to Urgent Care.
Cas sighs. “Yes, I am fine.”
Hey, doof. I'm up next.
They ducked out through the garden— it was nearest to the stables.
Dean grins. Shit, his smile is just growing progressively more perfect.
“I love you too, sweetheart. With everything.”
Eileen considers saying more, talking Dean down, but relents. No point.
When he feels a tap on his shoulder.
And thanks.
“Gabe, I can’t—”
“Aw, c’mon,” Lucifer starts, strolling leisurely across the room. “We’re all brothers here. How about we make it a family conversation?”
You're insane. And reckless. What the hell, Dean?!
One of the worst attacks hit in late February, upon Castiel receiving his first, and only, college acceptance letter in the mail. The memory itself was hazy, replaced mostly by a static-obscured screen. He’d been in the kitchen, that much he remembered.
Afraid not.
Upon hearing the update from his understandably distressed mother, Castiel began to wonder if he was the one more fit for public school, not Jimmy. He may have had an utter breakdown at the thought of an in-person presentation, but at least he had the sense not to sock some asshole in the nose.
According to GPS, the kid didn't offshoot all that bad, either. We're in Kansas, about an hour out from Lebanon.
“Cas?”
And it wasn’t especially difficult for Castiel to forget just how
So, clearly, there was a lot that was surprising about the next alpha’s visit to the estate. For one, she actually
Essentially, yes. That seems to have been the case.
Dean leaps out of bed, rushing toward Sam. “I think I need to handle this, okay? You stay safe.”
Great. Glad we're on the same page. Now, hand him over.
But it would definitely take... major adjusting to. And planning. A lot of planning, a lot of time...
“I absolutely will, yes. I promise.”
Dean’s arm returned to Castiel’s shoulders, pulling him tight. “Then I now pronounce us boyfriend and boyfriend.”
He pulled into a space just a few doors down from the number Castiel had given him. Dean checked his phone. It was 5:10. He was early. Should he knock? Castiel was probably awake. The guy seemed like an early riser.
Cas leans in once more, this time pressings a kiss against Dean’s lips. Chaste, but effective. He can feel Dean smiling against his own mouth as he deepens the kiss, bolder than he’s ever felt before. Dean accepts the plan of action without protest.
felt charged by a self-made, self-contained inferno. “Oh, and we’ll deliver your weapon back to your home castle. It’s best that you leave without it.”
Castiel watched Dean as he left. That’s when the panic set in.
Leisurely, Cas turns around, expecting it to be his monthly “hey, fag.” Or possibly Dean, who may have snuck out of class early to greet Castiel once more before the end of the school day.
Cas shrugged, dismissive. “No, I haven’t. Maybe I’m getting sick, I don’t know.”
Dean throws a glance at Cas. “You ready?”
Dean looks down for a moment before returning to Cas’s eyes. “He told me, ah, that you were still in love with me.”
“You’re right. It all was assumptions and you should have said something,” Castiel said.
“Question?” Castiel furrowed his brow.
Castiel’s remaining brothers, however, seemed utterly disinterested. Which, Michael and Lucifer usually were, with matters involving their youngest sibling.
Yet, despite the fury of emotions inside of him, all Cas can slip out is a casual “Hello, Lucifer.”
Castiel turned to Dean. “I think it is best if we stay together, for the time being.”
Cas is cut off as Dean swoops down, pulling Cas in and planting a soft kiss against his lips. Cas finds himself smiling against the kiss.
Castiel simply chewed on his lip, eyes flicking between the others.
John.
The branches of the orchard fluttered over their heads, as if in confirmation.
Dean was only able to offer a half-smile in return. “Just on a walk. Had a rough day.”
There was no fanfare. Dean’s touches were light as he maneuvered Castiel into place, although there was no buildup to the event. No teasing— to Castiel’s relief.
“Listen,” Dean said after letting go of a loud sigh. “I’ll do my best to clean up this mess. I fuckin’ promise. I swear on it. I just need a some time to plan things out, run ‘em by you, and the road is clear.”
