Steve craned his neck to look at what Peter was gazing at.
Steve shoved his shoulder playfully. 'Shut up.'
He paused, and then pointed out the red plant Natasha had seen. 'However, they've also used whatever that is. I think it's some species of seaweed. It seems to have a good amount of medicinal properties, judging by how long Clint's managed to survive on it, but I suppose you're going to have to go and find it, along with the others I mentioned.'
Bucky nodded. 'Don't miss,' he told him.
'Ooh, scary. I'm shaking. I'm absolutely pissing my pants.'
'Alright, now you gotta adjust your aim. Here, hold it. Put one hand there - don't touch the trigger - and put your other hand over here, on the front end of the handguard.'
He was in the middle of a clearing, bound to a tree with rope around his ankles, waist and arms, his head lolling onto his chest. He was very clearly unconscious. His clothes were damp with blood and he was gagged. The spear had been removed and was nowhere to be seen.
Tony sucked in a breath, unsure if he was just about to get hit with a blast of radiation, but instead a cool breeze wafted across his face.
'You don't think he threw it in here?' Sam asked
She knew she had to be very, very careful around Clint Barton.
'No.'
'Well, then, James -' she pronounced it slowly, testing out the way it felt on her tongue, '- you can call me Natalia. That's my real name. How's that for being more open, or whatever the shit you're talking about?'
He couldn't afford to.
'Give him some space, everyone,' she said, 'the antidote needs some time to work, and if you keep interrupting nothing's going to happen.'
She set down her knife and looked directly at him. 'What do you want?'
The voices fell quiet.
'Wait, what about the others?' 'Hopefully in the other bunker. Hopefully.'
'Thank God,' Tony said immediately, and Carol gave him a curious glance.
Not that those crazy homicidal humans were much better.
'Some high-born prat named Alexander Pierce.'
'A dummy clip. Or a dummy round, whatever. The bullets don't have any explosive charge. I guess they used this for practicing their aim down here.'
She narrowed her eyes at him. 'You'd be the first one to know if there were guns for me to play with in this place, Barton. You and the remains of your head.'
Loki scowled as Jane and Darcy began to giggle. He dusted himself off, straightened up and shot a haughty look at Thor, his chin tilted up, in an effort to regain his dignity.
'Ha, says the dude who walked into a trap thinking everyone was as noble and righteous as him -'
They were walking deeper and deeper into the jungle, following Clint's trail. If Clint really had been speared and kidnapped by whatever the fuck was hiding out here, Tony really didn't think it was a good idea to walk directly into its lair, but he knew if he ever told this to Natasha he would be castrated, so he kept his mouth shut.
No wonder he'd been thrown in jail. It had been a glorious scandal, and the news had a field day with that. His two best friends, Pepper and Rhodey, had tried their best to get him out, to work a plea deal, but there were no plea deals in SHIELD. Even for the brilliant son of SHIELD's best and foremost engineer.
'What?'
Loki coolly looked at the tall flames leaping higher and higher a short distance away and then went right back to making his own. 'It's too crowded, and besides, they're cooking that deer you found earlier with your buddies. I'm sick of that smell.' Thor sighed and sat down next to his adopted brother. 'It's not that bad, you know. The smell,' he said, just to be saying something. Loki didn't even acknowledge him.
'James, we both know that's really not why you're here. You talked to me literally ten minutes ago.'
'Wait, what's going on? What's happening?' he got out, completely taken by surprise. He received no answer. Instead he was forcefully shoved out the door and pushed down the hallway. Around him, he could see similar things happening to the other kids in the prison. Cells next to his and opposite were being opened up, their inhabitants thrown out.
'Then why does it feel like the reckoning has just begun?'
All of what he said was true. The delinquents weren't ready. Only five of them had proper gear and the rest just had assault rifles with a very limited amount of ammunition. HYDRA undoubtedly could crush them. The only hope the delinquents had was the lack of a bridge. And the graveyard needed to be expanded. After Pietro's death the body count kept rising.
'Missed me?' He struck a pose and gave them his signature smirk.
'What, do you take me for a fool? Of course I know it. Five-two-eight-zero,' Loki hissed back.
It was really hard to track someone, no matter how much they were bleeding out, Tony realized. Once they lost the trail, beside a waterfall, and they'd all just collapsed in defeat, crawling to the water and splashing their faces with it.
Loki placed a hand on a blackened metal rung of the ladder and warily looked up.
The night was lit up by little lights. He wasn't sure what they were. They looked like objects someone threw from space, and they were burning up in Earth's atmosphere. As they came closer to the ground, they blinked out, as if they were scorched to ashes.
She gave him a disparaging look and turned to follow Clint.
Yeah, fuck Clint. Dude was a dickhead.
'Clint's going to make it. He's a stubborn idiot. If he met death face-to-face he would smack it and then proceed run away because he's a survivor, just like the rest of us, you know.'
Natasha sighed. As much as she hated to admit it, Clint had gotten closer to her. He was the only one who'd made an attempt to get to know her and she wouldn't say it out loud, but the guy was kind of like the brother she'd never had. And if anything happened to him out there...
'In, like, thirty hours, if I was paying attention to Fury's babble. Sometime around tomorrow. Why?'
hope you enjoyed this chapter and the fic so far, stay in school, don't do drugs, drink your milk and get 8 hours of sleep kids~
'Guys, calm down,
Bruce was about to follow him when Betty caught his arm. 'Hey. Are you going to be alright out there?' she asked softly, and Bruce shrugged. 'I really don't know. Wonder of wonders, they didn't send that antidote - the one that reduces my heart rate so I don't freak out.' 'Just be careful and stay out of it, okay?' Betty told him gently, and he nodded. 'Yeah, will do. Thanks, Betts.'
He turned to Steve, ignoring everyone around them, gazing into his boyfriend's trusting blue eyes.
'Think, Steve. Obviously you would carve the initials of your name into your own damn knife - what other initials would you carve? And there's only one fucking person in this camp with the initials B. R.,' Barnes told him angrily.
Far, far worse.
'This place really is beautiful, y'know. What do you think would've happened if there never had been a nuclear war?' Bucky asked him, looking up at the trees around them. 'Life would've been so much better, Buck. Could you imagine it? Being free. Being able to run away, put miles of distance between yourself and other people and still have miles to discover,' Steve replied thoughtfully.
'Hey,' slurred Clint, collapsing next to her, a drunken smile on his face.
Tony paused his pacing as well, and Thor opened his eyes.
The ground felt very real. So did the rope around his ankles and wrists, and the rag stuffed in his mouth. So he wasn't hallucinating. His head was throbbing painfully and he was pretty sure there was a cut along his left leg, which was bleeding out as he lay there. So, not dead, either.
'Yeah, I could. If it makes you feel better, it's not a bomb if you scrap it together like that. The official designation is IED—improvised explosive device,' his boyfriend told him.
Valkyrie insisted on coming, even though Bruce told her she had a concussion and she needed to rest or it wouldn't heal. She led the way into the forest to where the drop ship had landed.
yep, that's it from me, stay safe, see you all tomorrow and lots of love,
The screaming stopped.
'What's that?' he asked.
Tony arched an eyebrow at Steve. 'Aight, who's going to check that out?' 'You two stay here and keep looking,' Romanoff told him. 'The rest of us will go to Thor. Also, pass some of the stuff you found. Some of us could go back to camp, distribute it and tell them about the whole Helicarrier-is-dying thing.'
Thor hadn't been worried. His father and everyone close to him lived on Asgard, after all. He was anxious about his friends, though.
Clint quickly earned himself a high rank because of his precision shooting and his excellence at the bow and the arrow, and eventually Fury became a father figure in his life. He was assigned to the special group of people always around Fury, good enough to be his bodyguards, and life was finally taking a good turn for him when everything came crashing down.
He groaned and propped himself up on his elbows. A concerned-looking Steve was crouched next to him. Fucking Steve with his fucking blue eyes. He was the reason Tony was on the ground anyway. Behind Steve was Barton, who was smirking like he'd just won the lottery of catching other people in embarrassing positions.
'You think they can see it?' Bucky asked him, back from a hunting party, judging by his sweaty disheveled look.
'Well, Bob is not very terrifying to me, in any case. I think I shall call it Mjolnir.'
'Thank you, Chancellor,' Steve replied, his eyes glowing with pride, as Tony rolled his eyes in the background and Bruce shuffled his feet.
Tony angrily wiped away the blood with his sleeve, got up and tried his best not to fall over again. He needed to do this. He was going to do this. They were depending on him.
Tony shrugged. 'Either way, you're pretty awesome. I've always wanted to meet you. Your work is incredible.' 'Thank you, thank you so much,' Bruce told him, smiling despite himself. He'd always thought Tony Stark was an arrogant, holier-than-thou sort of person, judging by the way he acted on camera, but his impression of Tony so far was the opposite of that.
Bruce tended to stay away from the communications tent.
He'd been in position, hadn't moved an inch - just like Romanoff had told him - and he was watching Clint make his move when Romanoff shouted Clint's name.
'Aw, come on! Just one punch. It'll fix itself anyway.'
She took one look at him and gasped. 'Bruce! I didn't expect to see you here!' 'Hey, Betty,' Bruce said guiltily, as Betty Ross ran over to him and pulled him into a hug, much to his shock. Betty had been his partner when he had been experimenting with gamma radiation. She was incredibly clever and also made Bruce very nervous. He'd had a crush on her for ages, but he was too afraid to ask her out.
Carved into the tree above his head were the words 'stay away if you know what's good for you'.
fucking knife in my brother's body?' Wanda spat, holding up Rumlow's knife.
Very delicately, he tried to get the hatch open by using the spear as leverage. Someone had already opened the hatch and it gave way easily.
Loki rolled his eyes. 'Don't lie. Doesn't look good on you.'
The unfamiliar face of a Council member was displayed on the screen. She arched an eyebrow at them. 'Who're you and where's Luis? He was supposed to meet his mother.'
'Wait, is that really -'
Bruce waited, tense, for Loki to tell him about the river.
Tony had run off into the forest. Yeah, bad idea, but he wasn't thinking right. After Steve had literally rejected him, he wasn't thinking straight at all. He was so angry - at himself for naively believing, at Steve for not sharing his feelings, at his father for being the root cause for all his problems - at the world in general, really.
Bruce turned to the source of the voice - and his jaw dropped.
'Steve, I swear -'
Steve, not one to be deterred by people with bright red faces, held out his hand.
There was a moment of silence and then the loud bang of a bullet firing.
He sighed and stood up. There were no pictures, no diaries, nothing personal in the bunker except for those toys. Whoever had lived here was long forgotten.
Natasha wandered over to him and took them out of his hands. She slipped them on and picked up the pile of papers which was by the display case. 'I'm sure we could do something if they left, like, manuals. Or at least notes.'
just the wind.
Bruce was going to
'Talia,' he began, but she cut him off.
Steve looked around, grabbed a rag and threw it to Tony. The other boy used it to pick up the rifle and then arched an eyebrow at Steve. 'Do you know how to use this thing?'
And everyone was too gleeful to notice.
Bucky groaned and dropped his head in his hands. 'Okay, number one - we are not talking about me and her. We've sorted things out - we just like to do it in private. You, however, are a completely different case and don't you dare get started on my relationships when you're -'
'Where am I?'
Steve gave him a single anguished look and ran towards the others, leaving Tony staring after him, the rest of his words hanging in the air, unspoken.
Apart from those two days of overwhelming, embarrassing emotion, he was snarky and unruffled, hiding his feelings behind a mask of sarcasm and carelessness. None of his wit escaped him on the day they shoved him into the Quinjet taking them to Earth.
Steve gaped.
Clint beamed. Leave it to Nat to patch up Steve's terrible diplomatic skills.
All of which were worse.
Steve was panicking.
The very year Steve got in, when they were fifteen, Bucky was sent on a reconnaissance mission to the Russian space station, Mir, and things went horribly wrong. There was a battle and Bucky's arm had been lost. SHIELD may be strict but they thankfully weren't monsters, and Howard Stark had made a new arm for Bucky, almost better than his old one.
'Who did you see?'
Thor and Steve picked a corner of the camp not too far away but still close enough to visit and began to dig, shoveling out large piles of dirt. It wasn't as easy as it was in movies - Thor found himself straining only halfway through the dig and after he made a decent-sized hole, his arms were aching.
She didn't deign to give him a reply.
'We reached the coordinates they gave us,' the other boy said, looking around.
The delinquents were prepared. They were scared, but they were ready for HYDRA. Bucky was prepping the gunners, telling them where to stand, when to shoot and reminding them of the signals they'd set up. Natasha and Clint were out of camp, on the lookout, ready to call Steve if they saw any sign of the Grounders.
Thor nodded. 'You think any of us -?'
Steve smiled a charming smile which melted Tony's heart. 'I'm okay.'
'Get in the drop ship and lock the door. It's only Rumlow in there anyway. When T'Challa comes back someone will have to tell him what's going on - Nat, can you?'
'Shut up. I was talking to James -'
'Natalia. Natalia, wake up.'
Loki picked up the rag with two fingers, looking disgusted, and then shoved it back into Tony's mouth. Again, sloppily, and Tony could easily spit it out in a second, but Tony wasn't going to tell him that. The boy threw him one last vindictive look and then stormed out of the door.
'That's why you fell,' Romanoff informed him, pointing towards a metal handle sticking out of the dirt. Tony frowned. 'Well, then, it's a shitty... whatever it is.' Barnes, Thor and Bruce were all scrabbling at the dirt around the metal handle, and the others joined them.
Sure enough, at the gate, Steve and Thor were standing there, talking with hushed tones and flying gestures to someone Natasha couldn't see. When they got closer, Natasha saw the familiar sharp cheekbones and slicked back dark hair of Thor's younger brother, Loki. He was dressed neatly in HYDRA gear, his body language betraying nothing.
She stopped and held up a hand, and they all froze in their tracks.
yeah i liked writing this chapter. it lifted my mood. also, i've realized i wrote this fanfic based on the speculation that most of you who were reading knew about the 100. sorry about that. if there's something anyone doesn't understand, like a bit of terminology or the way something's described, feel free to ask me. here's a bit of fanfic for y'all to munch on while i write the next, see you later, and lots of love <3
Tony Stark might've occasionally broken the rules to go on a midnight run or drink the whiskey they found in the bunker - which, first off, was disgusting - but he did do valuable work. He'd attempted to make a radio that could communicate with the Helicarrier but it had failed spectacularly and had been utterly fried instead.
'And what has that got to do with anything?'
'Try again!'
Thor nodded at her and went into the drop ship.
Tony must've sensed that Steve was thinking about him because he looked directly at Steve, and when Steve met his gaze he held it for a few moments before glancing back down at his shoes.
'Stand up, boy.'
He'd then ran the fastest he'd ever run in his entire life, passing even Thor and collapsing in camp a few meters in front of the storm. He'd alerted everyone to get into the drop ship before they all died and somehow they made it into the ship without mishap. However, three delinquents had gone out to the woods and they hadn't made it back yet, which gnawed away at Clint.
She nodded back at him and turned to leave, but he caught her wrist.
Natasha had been right. There were many large metal sheets, most of them rusted and broken off at the edges. Thor and Steve picked ones that looked fairly sturdy and headed outside to where Natasha, Vision and Wanda were sitting, Wanda sobbing into Vision's shirt. Her brother lay on the ground, his eyes open but unseeing, the knife still in his chest.
They also had been stocking up - both for the winter and for defending themselves against the unknown humans. Bucky and Natasha described them as dressed in gear from head to toe, each with several visible guns and undoubtedly several concealed on their person, with the symbol of a red skull and tentacles on their breast.
He nodded, not looking at her. 'So am I.'
And on that note, they trudged on towards certain doom.
'Yeah. And now we have a chance to start over, don't we? Kind of like it's nature telling us we messed up, but we could have a go at it again and do things right this time,' Bucky mused.
'There you go,' Bucky told her, and she gave him a weak smile.
'So... it's a lost cause.' 'Yep, pretty much. We're screwed, aren't we? However, I can make it work short-range - like walkie-talkies. I could make several, actually - this radio system may be destroyed, but it's a work of art. I'll just need some materials. Do you think we could take apart this drop ship to make walkie-talkies?'
She looked up from her notebook, took one look at the object and gasped.
Rumlow didn't deserve it.
╰⊱♥⊱╮ღ꧁ $ÂĈRЄÐØßĿĪVĪØИ ꧂ღ╭⊱♥≺
'Yeah, um, gimme a moment,' Steve got out, leaning against the drop ship wall, trying to catch his breath. The blood was all across the ground.
'See something you like?'
(See the end of the chapter for
A slow smile spread across her face as his expression paled, and then returned to stoic.
'Got it,' Tony told him, leaned over, kissed Steve and then walked out into the open, smirking.
They were following random splatters of blood. When someone said blood trail, Tony had imagined droplets of blood conveniently forming a line directly towards the injured person, not occasional handprints of blood and some random droplets here and there.
'No.'
'Personality, though... that could use some work,' Steve teased, suddenly getting a boost of confidence from goodness knows where, and Tony rolled his eyes.
'Because I think it's landing now.'
'Yeah, you're just jealous that your kid will love me more than you,' he told her, and she snorted.
He tried to smile back but he was pretty sure he looked like a clown.
They broke apart, both of them looking stunned, as the screaming grew louder.
Steve shrugged. 'Hope I don't.'
'Shut up.'
that's all i got to say, see you tomorrow, and lots of love,
'I swear I'm going to finish the job myself,' she threatened, and he grinned before he could catch himself and pain rocked his body again.
'You. Natasha Romanoff. Him. Bucky Barnes. Dating.'
'Loki, calm down. Start from the beginning. I believe you, okay?' Thor knelt so his gaze could be on level with his little brother's.
Clint didn't care much for any of the fancy gear and the new age weapons. He made a beeline for the other side of the room, where he saw a template of a diagram of an arrow with added features and several heavy steel boxes that had 'handle with care' stamped on the side.
'Stevie, get the fuck away now,' Bucky got out, but he was too late. Steve was retching up blood as well.
(See the end of the chapter for
buckynat softness and everyone being idiots is the theme of today's chapter :) first off, steve is terrible at diplomacy, can we agree on that? he's great at saving the world and all, but being subtle and lying and twisting words around is NOT his strong point, sorry, steeb. secondly - the drop ship exploded. it exploded, y'all. i'm stressing on that. let it sink in. it exploded and guess who was on it?
Natasha gave the antidote to Bruce, who quickly tipped some into another cup just in case they needed to make more, and administered the rest to Steve. Everyone stood by, watching anxiously. Clint was there, and so were Sam, Scott, Wanda, and a blond girl Natasha knew as Sharon Carter.
Howard and Maria faded into the background as more people stepped out. Obadiah Stane, Justin Hammer, Ivan Vanko, Harley Keener - hell, even Edwin Jarvis - spoke to him in aloof, hostile voices, telling him he was a mistake, he should've never been born, he could do nothing right, wearing stony expressions and seeming distant.
'Rogers. Stark. Banner. Maria told me you had important news.'
'Darling, I'm the definition of evil,' he teased back, and she rolled her eyes, but her cheeks were pink.
Carefully, Steve leaned over and gripped the handle. It was dirty and he was cringing the whole time. He pulled at it harshly and the door swung open without much resistance, creaking. Steve peered into the darkness. There were steps leading down to... whatever that was.
'I've never actually told this to anyone before, you know,' he said conversationally, looking into Steve's compassionate blue irises.
Steve looked anxiously towards the forest.
She tensed up but decided to ignore him. They spent a few minutes in silence, sharpening their knives, when he spoke up again. 'I'm Clint Barton, by the way.' 'Good for you,' she replied shortly, and he snorted. 'Are you always like this?' 'Like what?' 'You know,' he said quickly, realizing he'd just put himself into a very bad position, 'standoff-ish. Cold. Not very... outspoken. No offense though.'
She turned to look at James and he must've seen the way her eyes lit up because he grinned at her. 'Then what are you waiting for?' he asked, and Bruce and Betty immediately got to work, carefully removing the poultice from Clint's wound.
If Clint's eyes weren't so good, he might've written it off as them playing tricks on him, but they were what they were, and he swore he saw Bruce turning a bit... green.
A crowd was already beginning to gather around the two groups. Natasha pushed to the front and caught the tail end of what the blond boy was saying. '- weren't supposed to be here! You heard Fury, he said we were going to land on their secret bunker at Mount Weather, or whatever, and if you're not the least bit concerned of what the fuck we're going to do then I don't know what to say to you,' he spat heatedly.
'That's not very useful, Laufeyson,' the smooth voice stated.
Those two words. That was all it took for the fragile walls Tony had built to come crashing down and he snapped under the pressure. He wasn't outright crying, but tears were sliding down his face silently and he couldn't form coherent words.
From literally nowhere a spear had come flying and had struck Barton in the midsection. He'd dropped his bow and quiver and had collapsed to his knees, which was unsurprising considering that he'd just been stabbed.
He literally couldn't think of any other girl that would willingly sit by him and hold his hand while he slept.
He jogged towards the others, who were just standing there in shock.
'Hey.'
A slow smile spread across Tony's face. 'Oh, really?'
Steve nodded. 'We need to get that bomb out there quick, then.'
'And if Steve's not there I say T'Challa,' Sam added, and everyone easily agreed. T'Challa was just as fair and as good of a leader as Steve.
'Hey.'
'What about Steve?' Valkyrie asked, arching an eyebrow.
Barton had miraculously recovered. He was still too weak to go out on a hunting party or leave the camp at all, but he could walk around and assist in other ways, like helping Sam cook the food or reluctantly sharpening weapons alongside Wade and Okoye. That didn't stop him from jealously staring after Natasha and Bucky as they went out into the forest.
Wow. Did he actually think that?
Two fifteen-year-old kids - the Maximoff twins - also wanted to come along, but Steve's mother hen instincts came out of nowhere and he firmly told them they were too young and they should stay in camp. Nearly everyone knew about the Maximoff twins. Aboard the Helicarrier, couples could only have one child, to regulate the population of the space station.
'Do you want me to keep watch?'
She turned back to Jane. 'Catch you later, then, I've got so much to tell you about this Clint dude. Oh, and about Tony and Steve. Did you see the way they were looking at each other? Adorable. I'm pretty sure Barnes has a crush on that redhead, but that's a tale for later, isn't it? See you, handsome!' she called out to Thor, and then flounced away.
'Stark,
He took a closer look at her. She looked on the verge of tears, her bottom lip wobbling a little, but she was smiling down at him.
'I can't,' she told him, 'I'm not going to leave him, I'm not tired.'
'Did too.'
'I'm sorry,
Steve was never one to back away from a fight, even if he was sorely undermatched. When he believed in something, he would defend it to the very end.
'Jesus, Barton, give a warning or something, I nearly had a heart attack,' he complained, as Clint leaned over and took a swig from the water bottle.
'Still are,' Natasha told him, as he passed it to her.
'That hurricane I told you about? They're going to wait for it to pass, and then they're going to launch an attack. You need to be prepared. They have guns, bombs, ammunition - they're stocked. Only thing is, they're running low on supplies. They don't mention it but I saw it. They didn't prepare very well when they came down, and even though they raided Mount Weather, it wasn't enough.'
The camp had organized itself into a functioning society, with assigned tents and equally distributed supplies. They had been stocking up on food because winter was fast approaching, and they had been fashioning crude spears and knives out of metal from the drop ship for defending themselves.
As Clint pouted, Tony peered into the still-darkness. 'You're supposed to light the matches, Barnes. Not just wave them around like magic wands,' he stated. 'I know that, smartass. Give me a moment,' Bucky replied. Sure enough, a second later a match flared up.
'Clint, get in the clearing, get a clear shot. You'll have just one try. Steve, flank him on his right and James on his left. Tony, stay right here, and I'll go around. In case it escapes you need to be ready. Got it?' she whispered, and they all nodded.
Steve sighed. 'We're getting nowhere. Let's split up and look for a door, a hatch, anything. This doesn't look like a high-grade military base, it must be underground. Stay within shouting distance.'
'Motherfuckers,' Wade stated, and they all made noises of assent.
So, Pepper and Rhodey, being the absolute best friends they were, got themselves in jail as well for sabotaging Howard Stark's latest project. When Tony heard the news he very nearly cried out of a combination of sheer shock, utter delight and anger at them for even trying to do that.
'Woah, what happened?'
There was a pause while everyone stared at each other, willing them to go first.
'You gotta stop moping over Stark and do something about it, you know,' Bucky said matter-of-factly, taking back the bottle. Steve nearly choked.
And Darcy. Darcy was there too, not as often as Natasha. Actually, now that Clint thought about it, Darcy usually visited when Natasha was out hunting or on border patrol. Clint had already explained to her that Natasha was only a friend, and their relationship was platonic - but then Darcy was too.
'Holy shit, that's sick,' Tony muttered. 'That's utterly disgusting.'
Sam nodded. 'So you want a relationship, but you're afraid of it ending. Have you told him this, or...?'
'Please,' she whispered again.
His challenge went unanswered. Steve couldn't even look him in the face. Thor was staring at Loki as if he didn't know who the boy was.
They were standing in the top floor of the drop ship. Thor, with his miserable yet resigned gaze, Tony, with his determined stare, James, with his set jaw and furious expression, and herself. Loki was tied up and in the middle of the area.
'No, no, I overdosed. I'm sorry for everything, Betty -' 'Stop saying you're sorry. You shouldn't be, no one could've remotely expected that to happen. We're all fine. Friends?' she asked, and offered her hand. Bruce shook it, smiling. 'Thanks, this really means a lot, Betts.' 'Think nothing of it. I could never hate you. What're you doing here, anyway?'
Rumlow stepped forward threateningly and so did the dark-haired boy but somebody from the crowd spoke up and they both turned their heads.
'Wait, no, everybody stop -' Steve began, but the crowd had already begun to move towards Rumlow.
'Clint, you're hurt and you know it!' Steve said angrily, ignoring Bucky.
'I have something I need to tell you. About Loki.'
Steve didn't make eye contact with Tony once.
Before she could ask him what the flying fuck he meant, he had her face in his hands and was kissing her.
Clint Barton wandered over, sporting a black eye and a split lip but grinning nonetheless. He held up a fistful of... arrows? 'Hey, Rogers, check this out. Rise and shine, Barnes. Me and Tasha went out earlier to that lake we found and guess what was lying there? Flint. So I made arrows.' He displayed his possessions proudly. They were crudely whittled and the heads were attached to the shafts with some sticky kind of sap, and a few feathers were tied to the end of each, but they were remarkably uniform.
'I'm coming,' James said firmly.
He was on Earth.
Steve nodded slowly. 'Sounds good. Maybe it'll even take some of them out.'
Steve passed a hand over his face, trying not to think of the Helicarrier. Mrs. Barnes' death had been a crushing blow. She had taken him in when his ma had died, cared for him like her own son, given him the same amount of love she'd given Bucky. He'd sat in his tent and Tony had sat with him, wrapping his arms around him, and Steve had unashamedly sobbed on his boyfriend's shoulder.
Thor and Loki had been inseparable when they were younger - or at least, he thought so - but as they grew into teens, Loki slowly began to understand that their father, Odin, Chancellor of Asgard, didn't care about him at all. Their mother Freya had been one of the reasons Loki remained, but once she passed away prematurely due to a virus, Loki fled from Asgard and took refuge in the Helicarrier.
Natasha rested her head in her hands. She remembered a moment in the drop ship when two delinquents had walked in, complaining about the screams. One of them had actually told her that Clint was a lost cause and trying to help him would be a waste of their supplies. She'd almost taken his head off but Bruce had restrained her.
'I dare you to talk to him.'
He froze, and then fumbled for the binoculars.
Heading right towards her was an enormous fucking storm. It was orange-ish, and looked nothing like dust or sand. She turned her head and saw Steve, his blue eyes panicked and his hair tousled. 'What the fuck is that?' she called out to him, and he shrugged - just as it hit them.
Natasha narrowed her eyes at both of them, and then turned to Thor, who still hadn't said a word. He was staring right at Loki, who was deliberately avoiding his gaze. It hadn't been difficult to capture Loki, according to James. The poisoned knife had been his only weapon and it had gone directly into Steve.
'Yeah, well, I did come onboard the Helicarrier once,' she said casually, 'before I got thrown into jail, I mean. You would've seen me around then.' He nodded slowly but didn't look convinced, so she steered the conversation away from those dangerous waters.
He was so engrossed in his Steve-filled thoughts that he very nearly missed the blood splatter in front of him.
'What are you talking about?' Wanda asked her.
A relationship in which she was involved, however...
However, all of his love for human beings and what they could do did not give him an inkling of why he loved that anarchic, irresponsible, foolhardy, unreasonable dingbat who called himself - or didn't like to call himself - Thor's younger brother.
'James... I'm not sure about us anymore.'
Clint looked around as if just realizing where they were. 'Well, this isn't it. I think we landed in the wrong place. The Quinjet must've been defective.'
Jane must have seen him sitting alone with his chin on his hands because she wandered over, her gaze both concerned and amused.
Bruce approached her. 'You can stay in the bunker. It's sort of our medical ward,' he told her. She nodded and Bruce went to collect some bandages and a water bottle. They set off together to the bunker, with Thor hovering anxiously in the background.
(See the end of the chapter for
'Hold them off!' he screamed back, urging himself to work faster, but in his hazy state of mind he could barely just go at a normal pace.
'You don't want to take it too fast,' Tony finished, looking disappointed.
Natasha's expression didn't change. Her eyebrow raised, just a tiny bit.
'You gotta stop doing that. I owe you, like, three souls of the damned and my firstborn by now,' Tony said jokingly, purposefully not looking in Steve's direction for fear that he would see Tony's tear-stricken face.
He froze.
Natasha smiled and turned her attention to the gun before she remembered that she'd asked a question.
The same thing seemed to occur to Natasha and she shouted Clint's name just as Clint's eyes widened and he dropped his bow.
'Good, you're enjoying it. You may not be able to do that in the future if you keep on talking like that.'
Steve nodded. 'You should rest. You're bleeding. In the morning we can continue. Everyone, back to sleep,' he ordered, and the delinquents slowly went back to their tents, whispering amongst themselves.
'What's going on?' Tony's loud voice carried over everyone else's and the scouting party pushed through the delinquents, arriving at the front and staring wide-eyed at their retching, crying and bleeding friends.
As soon as she was out of his sight she inhaled sharply with relief. She didn't know that was going to work. Sure, she'd identified the poison, but she hadn't known what species of poison dart frog was alive on the planet. She also didn't know if the other plants had any sort of mutation. But, Loki was an idiot, so here she was.
He hated being in love.
Everyone scrambled to their feet and went over to the open hatch, climbing down to the first floor, which was already almost empty. Clint poked Darcy. 'Race you to the end of camp,' he challenged, and then immediately took off.
It was so silent. Everyone was sitting by themselves, looking forlorn and trying to block out the Maximoff kid - Wanda - as she cried over her dead brother's body.
Turns out that vague, obscure sicknesses that made you bleed like a fountain did not listen very well.
Well. That was the end of that.
Clint and Natasha, who had gotten out far before the others, were standing at a safe distance. Natasha's eyes were focused on her boyfriend and she nodded.
'Holy shit, that's an absolute mess,' he muttered, taking deep breaths. Betty grabbed his hand. 'You stay here, don't get involved. I'll find out what's happening and I'll get back to you.' He nodded and hung out near the trees, nervously fiddling with the hem of his shirt. 'It's strange, isn't it?' a serene voice said, and he jumped. Standing beside him was the Maximoff girl, her long hair neatly tied back, coolly watching Rumlow punch Steve in the stomach.
He was decidedly not fine.
And now Clint could feel fingers entangled with his, a girl's hand, judging by how soft it was, and quiet voices discussing something he couldn't quite catch.
'But I can try,' Steve replied, and then gasped. Tony guessed that Rumlow was strangling him and he almost sobbed in relief when he found what he thought were the right wires.
'Do you at least want to talk to Father? Or Hela?'
'What do you want?' he asked Tony.
But soon the hole was a considerable size and he climbed up and pushed himself through it. There really was no elegant way to achieve that. If anyone walked through that door they would see his ass and his legs kicking in the air like there was no tomorrow.
For a few minutes, everything was quiet as the spacecraft gently floated down.
He raised his hands in self-defense, his two buddies coming to stand beside him.
'Fuck. Well, I can't wait for that and all, but guys, I was kidnapped, okay? I was kidnapped, and guess by whom? Your brother, Thor. Lackey. Loki. Whatever. I think the kid's working for those weirdass people in the woods who want to kill us all.'
'Are we leaving, or are you dysfunctional assholes going to stand around chatting like old ladies the whole time?' Tony questioned, and at his prompting they all trooped towards the trees, weapons out and ready, Clint going off on a tangent about how Tony was the most dysfunctional out of all of them and the king of assholes while he was at it.
The bridge was quite far away. Clint had never come across it before. It took around an hour of stalking the trio of delinquents before it finally came into view. It was a plain thing, with no fancy design and no tall structure - a basic bridge, spanning across a thundering river that roared past them and whose spray kept getting into Clint's eyes.
No one had to say it. They were all thinking it.
This was clearly the control room, meant for manual operating, but it wasn't needed. Tony, who had his back to them and was working on a dashboard full of buttons and screens, explained that the Quinjet had originally been designed for travel between the space stations but they'd changed it to make it suitable for a drop ship, which was why there was an unused control room. If anything went wrong one could work the ship from here but none of the delinquents could operate a drop ship, so it was practically useless.
They were walking through the forest, Steve pretending to focus on the hand-drawn map of where the emergency aid depot was located and Tony generally looking in all directions except for the one Steve was in.
Clint had appeared out of nowhere. Behind him were Thor's other friends. Thor grinned and joyfully swung the hammer again, causing Clint to duck, stagger back and curse much in the same way Loki had.
Steve seemed to notice his uneasiness and immediately apologized, but Tony shrugged it off.
'I'm sorry,' he said softly, realizing that the tone of her voice was of somebody who'd lost a person close to them.
Sam gave them the thumbs-up and Steve ducked into the communications tent, wincing as he did so. Bruce and Tony followed him.
'I'll get onto that,' Steve agreed. 'Can you just tell her that we're going to need to, you know - take away her brother's body?'
Romanoff was now sitting beside the stricken Wanda, talking to the girl in their native language and trying to comfort her to no avail. She had found a gun, and so had Barnes, which made them the most deadly people in camp, and she used that to her advantage, glaring threateningly at anyone who dared look at her.
Steve was trying to be as sincere as he could but the apology sounded fake and bland to his own ears. He knew it wouldn't have worked, not by a long shot, but he just needed Rumlow to know he regretted everything that had happened to him.
She was kissing him, he was kissing her back with just as much intensity, and everything was alright in the world again.
He looked around at all of them.
'Stay here,' Bucky whispered, yanking him back into the undergrowth before he walked right into the open. They were just beside the bridge and they had a clear view of the diplomatic party - out of their sight but hopefully still in earshot. Steve, Nat and Thor walked onto the structure. Even from this distance Clint could see the tension in Steve's shoulders and the apprehension in Thor's stance. Natasha was unreadable.
'Yeah?' she hummed in reply, too focused on the definition of his jawline.
He wriggled around, ignoring everything Fury was blabbing, trying to figure out how the seats worked. There was a few buttons on the side, for releasing the brace, tightening it, putting it back on and some others. He was reckless but not dumb, so he carefully avoided those buttons and instead turned his attention to the bracelet on his hand.
this fic really goes well with ruelle's song 'game of survival', which is where the title of the fic is from. i really think ruelle is an underrated artist. they use her songs for tons of shows and movies but she doesn't really get recognized, so yeah, go check her out. also check out the 100 if you're ever looking for shows to watch.
He hadn't actually meant to punch Rumlow in the face - and break his nose - and dislocate his shoulder. But Steve had found him physically kicking around a couple of kids who were barely six years old, taking their brand-new shoes a watch (both expensive commodities, probably the only ones they could afford) and
'Yeah, well, there you go. I'm not saying trust everyone and start telling people your life story as soon as you meet them - I'm just saying that there are people who actually care about you, and it's not bad to care about them as well.'
Clint's head was hurting. Like, really badly. He couldn't even think straight, the sunlight was too bright, and he was pretty sure this wasn't the bunker.
Jane appeared next to him. It had become a common thing for the two of them to sneak out and watch the stars at night. Everyone knew about it and they all didn't care. Steve had spoken to him once, telling him to be careful, and that was it.
He stuck his hands in his pockets as they walked. Clint really wasn't one to be quiet like this, but jail had changed him more than he'd thought.
'Ah,' Bucky said, nodding knowledgeably. He smirked and handed Clint a gun. 'Well, fuck them. We're their backup whether they like it or not.'
He felt a steady hand on his shoulder, pushing him aside, and he obeyed, moving back as the new person knelt beside the dying girl.
another chapter :) with loki&thor angst :(
Once they were in camp, Steve rounded on Bucky and Clint.
She snorted. 'Yeah, I guess.'
'The very same. I assume you'll have to contact that blonde and tell her who's on the Council with her?' Loki questioned.
Steve adjusted the backpack on his shoulder and wondered why he'd even agreed to come.
He glanced at Natasha, who seemed exceptionally quiet. Not surprising, considering her personality, but he was still concerned.
'Do I look like I fucking know?' Natasha yelled angrily, aiming her gun at the treetops.
Natasha didn't show outward concern. She never did. But she felt it. It was gnawing away at her, taunting her. After years of not feeling any emotion at all except for hurt, anger, pain - and sometimes guilt - it was so unfamiliar to her to actually care so much about someone that she would stay up all night beside them as they slept.
'What are you doing here? Do you have a death wish?' Steve asked him, his voice cold and brittle.
'Fine, then, let's go. Barton, you're staying here, stab wounds don't heal overnight, you know. The rest of you are coming, yeah?' T'Challa asked, ignoring Clint's glare.
'Okay.'
Carved into the hilt were the initials B. R.
Tony had great friends.
'Thor, get back!'
He made it to the bridge and began to set up the bomb. His hands were still shaking but he worked as quickly as he could, combining the main sections to make a three-part bomb. He knew that if someone had to fire to set it off he had to keep a trigger point so he was extra careful.
'Don't lie, you sick fuck. You killed him. This is
Bruce laughed weakly in his corner and Natasha rolled her eyes.
Now that he mentioned it, he
When they were about to give up, Sam let out a whoop as he paddled to the shallows.
Thor made his way over, his blue eyes both troubled and sad, rubbing at the place on his jaw where he'd been hit by his little brother. Bruce went to him, looking worried, and Steve was about to go as well when Tony announced that they were leaving and everyone else were dicks for not volunteering.
Thor was used to seeing the camp devastated by grief.
‘Then it’s justice you’ll get. Let him go and take me instead. I know I’m the one you want.'
'Did you - did it happen to you, too? The world spinning? The colors, the people?'
Clint hurt.
'Stevie, you okay?' Bucky's concerned voice cut through his depressing internal monologue.
'Thank you. For the hammer, for helping us, for everything,' he said sincerely, when the younger boy turned.
Clint closed his eyes and slumped back onto the bed as Bruce, Betty and Darcy clamored all at once, asking them for more details.
'Really? Steve's down there, half-dead because this rat's knife was fucking poisoned and he won't tell us which one of the bottles in his little bag is the damn antidote and you're saying no violence?' James spat, turning on her, his icy eyes full of rage, and she met his stare evenly.
'No. That's the whole point. The sickness is designed to weaken you. They're going to attack you tomorrow. The sickness lasts for around two or three days and then it goes away by itself, but it might be too late by then. They're depending on it,' Loki said matter-of-factly, pointedly leaning back from the ill delinquents.
'He asked me to be his boyfriend. Indirectly, but the message was there. And I said no.'
The next change was the fact that almost everyone was armed. They'd handed out the assault rifles from the aid depot to the kids older than fifteen. James had taken it upon himself to teach the inexperienced delinquents how to hold and shoot a gun, and Steve would occasionally jump in and help him.
He'd ran back to camp as fast as he could, literally stepping on the back of Clint's shoes, trying to outrace the acid fog. Thankfully he didn't get any severe injuries and the red welts faded away after a few hours.
'Why is it that I always find you three bickering like three-year-olds whenever I come by?' said a very familiar voice, and Steve's heart both skipped a beat and then sank.
Red did not take it, and Steve awkwardly let his hand drop to his side.
╰⊱♥⊱╮ღ꧁ $ÂĈRЄÐØßĿĪVĪØИ ꧂ღ╭⊱♥≺
He stared at his sketch of Bucky, grinning mischeviously next to skinny Steve, an arm carelessly flung over his shoulders. Back then he'd towered over Steve, but when Steve finally hit his growth spurt at fifteen and began to work out, they became almost the same height.
'I will.'
'What, so I can't check on my best girl?' he replied teasingly.
╰⊱♥⊱╮ღ꧁ $ÂĈRЄÐØßĿĪVĪØИ ꧂ღ╭⊱♥≺
'Yeah, okay. Listen, go to sleep, Natasha. I'll keep watch.'
'Weren't you the one who was complaining about the world being unfair like a minute back?'
(See the end of the chapter for
He nodded and gratefully accepted the water Bruce handed him.
Pierce as in
'Yeah, fuck that,' Steve said determinedly. 'They killed your mom and God knows how many other people. I'm all for blowing them up. Tony, can you make a bomb from that stuff?'
'Wait,' interrupted Bucky. He arched an eyebrow at Steve. 'He stabbed you with a poisoned knife and you're going to let him get away with it?'
She caught sight of what he was looking at and screamed.
'You look cheerful today,' she commented, and he shrugged. 'There is not much to be joyful about, Jane,' he replied forlornly, and she sat next to him.
'When did Rogers become so homicidal?' Clint mused, appearing out of nowhere and making Bucky jump.
Steve narrowed his eyes, watching it as it did its strange little dance. Clint crept closer, his blond hair clearly visible amongst the greenery, his bowstring taut.
He unconsciously rubbed at his face, trying not to dwell too much on his disaster of a love life. Thankfully, he was distracted when the device Tony was holding began to beep.
Bruce didn't want to speak to anyone. He knew his mother was still there, but he wasn't ready to face her, and he wasn't ready to face his father either. He didn't know if they knew how he'd gotten into jail and he wasn't ready to tell them.
Clint saw the Grounders' hands move to their weapons and he sprung from the bushes, aiming his weapon. 'All of you, run!' he yelled.
'Wait,' Natasha said slowly. 'Something's wrong. It's coming down way too fast. Where's the parachutes? Why aren't they activating? Why's it coming down a day early?'
'Are you like this with everyone or am I just lucky?'
‘Isn’t justice what everyone wants?’ the boy replied.
What was the world coming to?
As soon as he was in camp he went directly to where Loki was standing, talking to Steve.
It grew dark very soon. The delinquents were sitting around the massive bonfire they had lit, eating stale bread and leftover waterfowl. Thor had finished his portion a long time back.
He knew he should've tried and talked to Steve about it but he couldn't bring himself to. Tony Stark, flirt extraordinaire, playboy and all-around heartbreaker, couldn't bring himself to admit his real feelings to a boy because he was afraid of getting rejected.
Everyone knew what happened after that.
sup, babes. new chapter :) as the story proceeds i find myself having increasingly less to say in these little end notes of mine, so... just pretend i said something relevant to the chapter and let's call it a day, shall we?
They all climbed down the ladder and into the not-darkness.
'Why?' Thor said brokenly.
Tony himself appeared beside Steve, his dark hair curling at the edges, his usually wicked smile gone, his soft doe eyes focused on Steve.
'You messed up, Laufeyson,' she told him simply, just as she shut the hatch.
'You are, that's for sure.'
'Come in, then, idiots,' Barnes called.
'Hey, it's alright. I know. They said some things to me. My mother, as well. It was all a hallucination, Tony, they don't really think that, you know -'
There was a moment of silence, and then she asked, 'Can you please send Val in? I mean, if you're done talking, that is. I want to see her. She's okay, right?'
'Hey,' he greeted, his voice somehow calm and steady even though he'd just woken up, 'what's your name?'
lots of love,
While Steve was adjusting the other boy's grip, he realized he'd moved a lot closer to him that he'd actually meant to. He was right behind Tony, one arm hooked around him to move the gun a bit lower. He could feel the other boy's muscles through the thin material of his shirt.
whoever gave me the ability to write dialogue - take it away. take it away right now because i'm shit at it and don't deserve to have it.
'We don't know for sure. Steve said it was humans, Natasha said that we couldn't tell for sure before knowing all the facts, and Tony's saying it's aliens from Mars.'
anyways, don't die please, remember to drink water and lots of love,
'Don't stress about it. If he really was as interested in you as you are in him, he won't be able to stay away. Think about it for a while. If you truly believe he's the one for you, then go for it. Talk to him, tell him your actual feelings, tell him you're scared of rejection. Give him some space for now and just mull it over - is he really worth a heartbreak?'
Jane led the way up the nearby hill, a notebook tucked under her arm. She seemed to know the way well so Thor followed her, careful not to trip over something in the dark. The night flora and fauna were beautiful. There were glowing white flowers, butterflies that shone blue in the night, mushrooms that emitted a lovely yellow light, and brightly colored caterpillars.
'Don't talk to me,' Loki sneered. 'Maybe if you were paying attention you would've known that I was gonna do it, but you weren't. That's not my fucking problem.'
'Shut up, Barnes,' Tony told him, but as much of a jerk he was, Bucky was also right. They were being fired at and they needed to get moving or they would die in the forest with blood pouring from their nostrils and gunshot wounds, surrounded by mutant squirrels and hallucination nuts.
They told him Betty was fine, but he hadn't seen her after that. They'd given him an injection to keep the monster at bay and lower his heart rate, apparently designed by Betty herself, so there were no accidents after that, but he knew for sure the Helicarrier was very pleased to get rid of him. Not many people knew about the gamma radiation accident - they all believed Bruce Banner had been put into jail for wastage of supplies - and he knew they'd like to keep it that way.
And they were out for blood.
She rolled her eyes, but she was smiling.
'What's up?' he asked them, mouth full.
They both climbed down the ladder and closed the hatch behind them. Tony had already left the drop ship. They hurried outside to find Thor wrestling with his younger brother, Steve, Bucky and Clint squaring off with Rumlow and his buddies, and the bird-obsessed kid Sam and Tony's best friend James Rhodes trying to break up the fight.
Steve ignored the compliment and instead focused on the very prominent blush on his cheeks, willing it to fade away. 'Did you come here for a reason, or...?' he asked Tony, heading towards Clint and Natasha, both of whom were the unofficial weapon dealers in the camp. Tony pouted, jogging slightly to keep up with Steve's long strides.
When the second day drew to a close, Loki announced they were almost at Mount Weather as they sat huddled around a campfire, having taken his suggestion to use a rest stop and go outside to hunt and warm themselves.
Tony clutched his metal seatbelt, panicking, as everyone began to either scream or cheer in joy. For a few heart-stopping minutes they were free-falling through space, and then suddenly all was calm.
'Hey,' she said. He must've discerned the fatigue in her voice because his eyes softened and he stood up straight.
'Same. Funny, always thought I'd end up in the devil's kingdom,' Tony called back.
He began to float around, looking for a window or anything which would show him the view outside. Sadly, the designers of the Quinjet hadn't thought windows were an essential, much to Tony's dismay.
Tony painstakingly made his way back to his seat as the spacecraft shook and rumbled terrifyingly and clawed himself back in, slamming the metal brace down just as it began to blare an alarm and red strobe lights filled the craft. He heard Pepper yelling his name and he yelled back that he was okay, trying to block out the screaming and the constant, head-pounding shriek of the alarm.
Ah, there was the snickering. They'd apparently come back to their senses.
wonderful, Rogers,' Rumlow yelled from across the camp.
'Yeah, right, you're just saying that because you wanna hide the fact that my jokes are way better than yours,' he snorted, and she rolled her eyes, smiling.
Behind them was a pretty girl with dark hair and coffee-colored skin, wearing a full spacesuit, a helmet tucked under her arm. She was stumbling and Thor was half-supporting her. There was blood on her shirt and on her forehead.
Talking to him was nice. Kissing him was better. She didn't know what to do now.
'Damn, okay,' he muttered, mentally making a note to stop staring at Darcy whenever she was in a room with him.
Bruce decided he would stay for a bit longer and then try and make his escape. His leg muscles were aching.
'I'm sorry, I really am,' Tony said sincerely, breaking away. He'd never meant for Rhodey to get so anxious about him.
Tony shut his eyes and gripped onto his armrests, his palms sweaty, but his mind was strangely empty. All he could think of was that he wanted this to be over soon so he wouldn't have to listen to the howling and so he wouldn't have to see the red light pulsing behind his eyelids.
'C'mon, Stevie, you gotta be kidding,' James said angrily. 'These are the same people who killed Pietro and four other kids. They hurt Clint and want to get rid of all of us. You really think they're going to play nice now?'
Everyone froze.
'Y'know. First kiss, first date, first sex, first 'I love you' -'
Tony stood up, panicking, and stumbled. The world was now spinning.
Rumlow jammed the door halfway through by pressing another button so there was enough gap for people to go in and come out, but not enough for them to overpower him. What was visible of his face through the gap was swollen and twisted into a psychotic grin.
╰⊱♥⊱╮ღ꧁ $ÂĈRЄÐØßĿĪVĪØИ ꧂ღ╭⊱♥≺
Bruce had just begun to explain the whole idea of radioing the Helicarrier when Tony called out to him. 'Hey, Brucie-bear! Come up here, will you?' Bruce looked at Betty and she nodded. They both made their way up the ladder and through the hatch onto the second floor of the drop ship.
'You two eye-fuck each other all the time, it's sickening. Anyone with half a brain knows you're hopelessly in love,' she stated matter-of-factly, giving him a sly smile. 'Maybe try less ogling and more being involved in conversations?'
As she curled up in her sleeping bag, the last thing she saw was the white flower, one of its petals torn off, lying on her open palm.
It was amicable and quite pleasant, if he was being honest. He actually liked sitting with Jane and looking at the stars. It was a nice change from the constant activity of the camp and the tension of everyone around him.
'What do you suggest we should do?'
Great parenting on his father's part.
okay? Now are you happy? Stop. Just leave Rumlow alone.'
Suddenly there was a loud whoop and both Clint and Natasha turned to the source of the noise.
Steve took off after her, and so did the others. Loki's head shot up and he watched them go past him with an almost fearful look in his eyes, but Thor blinked and his brother's face had slipped back into its usual uncaring mask. He was about to go to Loki when Wanda's angry shout from across the camp distracted him.
Tony inhaled sharply.
'Damn. I really need to work on my game, it's slipping.'
Steve ignored him and turned to Thor. 'Tomorrow we'll send a scouting party. You, me and Natasha. That's all. No one else.'
'I am not letting you send him back there.'
James' jaw dropped. 'You did it! You actually did it, what the fuck?'
He nodded and grinned at her. 'I've been running into a lot of people today.' 'Oh, same!' she replied, laughing, 'I simply haven't been concentrating on my surroundings at all. Aren't you the son of Commander Odin? From Asgard?' 'I am, yeah,' he said, shuffling his feet, suddenly feeling awkward.
Clint watched as around ten Grounders emerged from the trees. The lead Grounder was on a horse, his face obscured by the hood he wore. The others were on foot, in full gear - and carrying weapons.
Tony played with the hem of his shirt, not meeting Steve's sympathetic eyes.
Clint didn't know why he'd volunteered for the scouting party.
'Don't bullshit me, Stevie.'
'Well, hello from the other side.'
'Ah, well, at least you're honest about it.' The fourteen-year-old was astonishingly irritating for such a young boy, and he was far too conniving for his age as well. Natasha watched him carefully. She didn't believe that he would take up arms with them if there ever was a full-out war, and she knew Thor shared the same view.
'Nooo,' Bucky groaned, stumbling out of the tent and slumping onto a very aggravated Clint. 'Get off me, you boneless abomination,' he hissed, pushing Bucky off him and onto Steve.
He still wasn't sure that she had been crying or holding his hand, though.
However, he'd left all his gear and weapons outside when bartering for Tony's life.
Tony's eyebrows rose so high they touched his hairline, and then he began laughing.
'Should we go ask him?'
Steve knew what he had to do. Rumlow’s unfair prosecution had been nagging at him ever since he banished the delinquent. Steve knew Rumlow was a horrible person but he didn’t deserve death for something he didn’t do, and no matter how much he hated him, Steve knew he needed to play fair or he would never get a peaceful night’s sleep ever again.
Steve internally groaned. Those two seconds of eye contact stirred unbidden emotions in the depths of his stomach and now he couldn't think of anything else but Tony's warm brown eyes. He wished he could draw them, but he didn't have a notebook and pencil.
He heard a thud and then Rumlow's voice again. 'Woah, don't try to loosen it, that's cheating!'
'What time is it?'
'I didn't kill him!'
'You okay?' Steve was saying, his arms around Tony, rubbing his back soothingly.
He gave her a small grin. 'Well, then. You two can come in now!' he called out to whoever was waiting in the main room of the bunker.
Steve had just saved his life.
'I want to go back,' Loki said suddenly. They all turned to him. 'I'm willing. I'll be your double agent.'
He was in the middle of the bridge. It was really high, he couldn't jump off or he'd die. It was also really lengthy. He needed to run.
'Got what you asked for,' choked out Bucky, who'd managed to regain his composure, as Bruce and Betty rushed into the room.
'I love you, too,' was Steve's soft reply.
lots of love,
'Yeah. I reconsidered, and my new answer is yes. Yes, I'll be your boyfriend, Tony Stark.'
'What happened? Was it Stark?'
Just as she realized that he appeared at her side, blue eyes dancing, a crooked grin tugging at the corner of his mouth. He was holding out a beautiful eight-petaled white flower and her heart ached at what she was about to do.
Once he had finished that he had gone outside for some fresh air. Bruce found himself spending longer and longer hours indoors and the stress was taking a toll on him. He knew it was dangerous to be out of camp walls - even though the bunker wasn't even that far from camp - but the promise of peace and quiet was far too much for him to resist.
The crowd had pinned Rumlow down and had easily knocked aside his two buddies. They tied him, gagged him and made sure he wasn't able to move a muscle before they started.
Loki was leading them down the path where Stark had been abducted. He'd told them that the outpost with the tunnels had only been manned to spy on the delinquents and otherwise it was abandoned. Once HYDRA realized they could use Loki as a spy they retreated back to their main base across the river.
'Darcy and Betty are here. They wanted to give you both a break,' he informed her, walking across the room and gently shaking Bruce awake. 'Hey, man. You can rest for a bit now, Betty's going to take over Clint, she's got an idea. You too, Natalia.'
'- you, boy, have been nothing but an annoyance to us. I wonder why Pierce even allowed you to live,' a rough, deep voice was saying.
Natasha followed him. 'I met Loki outside,' she said in a low voice, sitting down next to where he'd collapsed.
'I know both of you are worried about Clint but, like I said, Betty had an idea. She thinks she knows what to do for him. If she tries it and it works, will you come with me?' he asked tentatively.
'What's that?'
And then it went hurtling through space.
'Hilarious. There's so much salt here I might get cardiac arrest just by looking at it.'
'A lot of things. I asked him to come into camp but he wouldn't. Makes sense, I guess. Anyways, he says he found a way for us to get to Mount Weather without detection. He says that this attack will be the first of many and that HYDRA wants us wiped off the face of Earth. They haven't cleared out Mount Weather, though.'
For a moment, a flash of something - pride, maybe, with a bit of sadness - lit up Loki's cold gaze, and his mouth opened a little, as if he was going to say something, but then he shut it after reconsidering. He simply nodded at Thor, slipped out of the gates and vanished from sight.
Tony glared at his boyfriend, who was determinedly avoiding his gaze, and then turned back to Rhodey.
All of which was bad.
He arched an eyebrow. 'That was the worst lie I've ever heard and I've had to deal with Steve breaking his arm and then saying he was just scratched.'
And, being the athletic superstar he was, he promptly tripped over a tree root, rolled down a hill, hit his head on a rock and then blacked out.
sorry i just really like thor and i don't know why :)
'What are you looking at -
'... my mother. And some others. They're all dead.'
Carol also explained that they hadn't decoupled the Exodus ship from the Helicarrier, meaning that all of the systems on the Helicarrier had been crippled and everyone was going to die soon because of the lack of power. She told them the thrusters were failing and the oxygen supply was rapidly decreasing, and the only room which had a decent amount of power was the communication cabin.
'That I am,' he said cheerfully. 'So. How's it like, dating?'
He knew that voice.
Steve told her that she would meet her son soon but they had to speak to the Chancellor about recent developments. She was reluctant but eventually caved in and went off-camera to call the Chancellor.
'Tony. What's wrong?' he asked gently, crouching beside him.
Bucky turned to him, his grin widening. 'Y'know, a room would be nice.'
He was shirtless and bloody and looked like an absolute mess when Darcy Lewis was sitting
Tony sighed and stepped back from the launcher. 'What did you want to talk about, Steve? We kissed, yeah. It was nice, yeah. What else do you want me to say?'
Tony was really freaking out now. What was happening?
'Loki,
'It's all so gorgeous, isn't it?' Natasha said quietly beside him, her hand extended with the palm up, gently holding a pretty white butterfly. Its wings slowly fluttered for a moment and then it took off. She watched it fly away, her green eyes indecipherable.
'Steve, I told you to calm down. I'm not the one who made them, okay?'
He reached up and pulled the noose around his neck.
Thor gaped. It was a large, square-headed, gray sledgehammer, with a short, round handle wrapped in brown leather, culminating in a looped lanyard. He reverently took it from Loki and tested the balance. It wasn't lightweight by any means, but he could wield it with far more ease than Loki, and he swung it around, causing Loki to duck and spit curses at him.
'Brother, calm down. If I do not do this they will see me as a murderer and a backstabber for the rest of our time here. I wish to do this. I want to be useful,' Loki explained. He sounded sincere enough, but there was a gleam in his eye that Thor did not like one bit. Loki was planning something.
It was Steve's turn to scowl. 'I don't mope like a puppy left in the ra -
Currently, he was halfway through drawing the moon, lonely and desolate in a background of stars. He'd seen it only once. He'd seen the Earth only once as well - on his seventh birthday, when his ma got him special access and took him and Bucky to a viewing room, only three months before she died of severe sickness.
Okay, he'd mastered speaking. Next - moving. Getting away from all this fucking grass.
'Coward.'
Thankfully Tony had laid off the flirting, and although he occasionally made eyes at Steve, he was focused on talking to Bruce, Rhodey and Pepper, and Steve's face slowly returned to its normal color. Bucky emerged from the drop ship in a much better mood and handed Steve some of the dried beef jerkin they'd sent down with the delinquents, much to Steve's relief, because he was, in fact, hungry.
Wanda was wiping away her tears, her jaw set and her eyes burning. Natasha was right. Her brother had been murdered and she wanted justice. Thor couldn't blame her. She stared blankly as they covered Pietro with the dirt, her hands clasped in front of her. Only a few delinquents had attended the impromptu funeral.
'No,' Loki said smoothly.
'Can you see anything down there?' Barnes yelled. 'Nope, I'm not an owl and I don't have superhero-level eyesight, Buck. Don't you have matches, or something?' 'Oh, yeah, I do. One sec, I'm coming down.' Barnes climbed in after Steve. 'Hey, if you die as well, I claim dibs on that backpack,' Barton told him.
Fury left with a swish of his black cloak.
Thor remembered Darcy's words about the kids in his scouting party and he passed on this valuable information to Clint, whose eyebrows shot up and began to actually giggle. Thor then spent the next ten minutes listening to Barton waxing poetic about how handsome he was, and then the next fifteen minutes on how young love lasted forever.
'And - uh, one year ago, I came out to him. I told him I was gay. I don't know why I did it. I guess I thought he wouldn't mind. Well, he did. A lot. He beat me up, screamed at me, threw me out of the cabin. The next day I built a robot and programmed it to sabotage the meeting with his latest client. It was an important meeting. They were discussing about the launch of a new project before I ruined it.'
Clint sighed and decided to stop thinking about the twins before his high spirits crashed and burned. Instead he focused on the scenery around them. Everyone looked utterly awed. The trees were absolutely massive and the flora and fauna was like nothing in their history textbooks. He bent down to pluck a beautiful five-petaled blue flower and turned it around in his hands, blown away by the fact that something so delicate and so perfectly designed had simply sprung from a seed.
At the beginning, they'd explored the bunker in silence. It really wasn't anything remarkable - an almost exact copy of the first one, except a bit smaller and without as many supplies. This had no sign of a child living there. It didn't have the homely feel, either - the couches were gone, and the bed was nothing but a pile of sleeping bags.
Steve gasped, and then began to grin. Bruce glanced at Tony, panicked. He did not want to meet his parents so soon. Tony was ashen-faced and looked like he'd rather die than stay alive long enough to see Project Exodus be a success.
'You shouldn't get so angry at him, Tony, he wants the best for you. He's giving you criticism so you can improve. You should take his advice.'
'Yeah, well, it's not that great. I just dabbled in radiophysics, wasn't that much of an achievement. I'm more suited to nuclear physics,' he said timidly, tapping his fingers on his knees. His accident while researching gamma radiation was the worst thing that had happened to him, and although it was one of his greatest strong points, he hated talking about that period of his life.
He nodded, leaning back, his posture relaxed but his eyes alert. 'Go ahead.'
'I was in Mount Weather and I remembered your inexplicable love for hammers,' he continued smoothly, as if he'd never changed his position, as if he wasn't about to fall over from the weight of the item in his hands.
They found the drop ship quite easily. It wasn't too far away - around a kilometre or so from the camp, as Thor had pointed out earlier. It was smoking and very small - a space pod, just for one person.
'Don't listen to him, Rumlow, he's just a whiny baby,' one of the other boys sneered. The leader of their little group - Rumlow, or whatever his name was - turned to the blond. 'Don't tell us what to do, Rogers. We aren't listening to you. We spent our whole lives held in place by those fuckers up there and as soon as we're free for the first time in years you decided to lord it over us.'
Steve looked around the camp, wiping away the blood at the corner of his mouth.
His best friend had refused to let Tony go out alone. Pepper, who'd forcibly stuck with him even when he told her he was sick, had caught the sickness herself and was now critically ill back at camp, with Betty tending to her.
'Pietro - he was suspicious. Of me. He was following me everywhere. After the acid fog was over I went to meet with one of the Grounders and he saw me. The Grounder took the knife I stole from Rumlow and he stabbed him, and then he told me to take credit or else I would die, too.'
'Fuck you. Oh, wait, you'd rather fuck Stark, and you would, if you just talked to him.'
'What the -' Steve muttered, getting up and running towards the hatch. He climbed up the ladder and pushed it open, Tony right behind him - and then he yelled. 'Tony, get back down there, now!'
(See the end of the chapter for
'Fine!'
'I don't think the people sleeping inside will take too kindly to that. Like me,' Bruce said dryly, and Tony shot him a grin. 'Yeah, yeah, whatever. It's not gonna be that hard to camp outside. Man up, live like legends. I just need a
They fell back into the uncomfortable silence that they had been in for the past half an hour.
'Yes.'
i fucking loved writing this chapter. i kind of went onto a tangent and then didn't stop so there's a fuckton of sassy comments - thanks, brain - and somehow i managed to give it enough of a plot that it isn't just sarcastic comments and flirting. hopefully.
It was dark, but the glowing fauna and the stars and moon provided enough light that Thor and Jane could see the forest around them. They tried to be as quiet as possible. Thor remembered a black jaguar they had seen on one of the border patrols and hefted up his spear, holding it more tightly.
They had been furiously digging for just under a minute when Barnes' shovel hit something metal with a sharp clang. Everyone jumped and winced, waiting to hear the inevitable bang of the gunshot, but there was nothing.
She continued pointing out constellations and writing them down in her book. Thor really didn't know how she did it. If he'd come out here and looked at the stars by himself he wouldn't have spotted any of them.
Steve groaned in frustration. 'What are we, Tony? A one-time thing? A fling? An actual relationship? I really don't know, and it's stressing me the fuck out -'
dating -'
He grinned at them and gave them a double thumbs-up, to which they rolled their eyes fondly.
Steve tried not to let his fear show. He knew Rumlow enjoyed having control over the situation, playing with Steve's life. He wouldn't give him the satisfaction of knowing Steve was absolutely terrified.
Keeping that aside, she also didn't particularly like getting out of harm's way and right into the unavoidable path of another human being.
'The kind that will get you through winter.'
Everyone except for Bucky looked shocked.
She shrugged. 'We may be dying this very moment,' she replied darkly, and when she saw Clint's face she added, 'when we get back to camp we'll see if there's a radio or something on the Quinjet, and we'll try to reach the Helicarrier and ask them what's happening.' Her plan was solid and Clint nodded.
(See the end of the chapter for
He would take being dead over being kidnapped by murderous secret organizations any day.
'No,' Tony managed to get out, and felt a spark of pride as Howard blinked in shock.
'Did you...' he said uncertainly, trailing off, stopping in front of her.
He grinned and kissed her, pulling her closer to him, and she wound her hands into his soft brown hair. His arms were still around her waist. His lips were slightly chapped but she was sure hers were too. She stood up on her tiptoes to deepen the kiss. A few moments later they broke away, flushed and gasping for breath, but they were smiling.
'Never been better,' Tony replied, catching his boyfriend's lips in a kiss.
It had been a massive explosion. Any small hope that there were survivors which had lingered in Thor's heart immediately vanished. The ground was blackened and the charred metal was poking up in different places. The main shell of the drop ship was utterly destroyed. Puddles of weird-smelling pink liquid were everywhere.
So that's where he'd heard the name.
'Hey, hey, it's okay. Let it out. You probably need it.'
When he came back to consciousness he was in a jail cell.
'He was hanging out with Rumlow's gang earlier. They were getting on Steve's nerves, lighting torches and then waving them around, nearly catching the trees on fire. You can thank Bruce that we're not burnt to a damn crisp,' Clint said irritably. Thor sighed and put his head in his hands. 'I'll talk to him. I doubt it will make any difference, though.'
Wow, Clint, your plan is great. Run off in the wilderness with Thor and Bruce while the rest of your friends chill in bunkers safe from the outside world just as a storm that causes welts on your skin and possibly kills you appears! Absolutely flawless!
'Also nearly died,' Natasha added, sucking in a deep breath. 'We saw them. The ones who took you. They're people. Normal people. They look like us, act like us - I don't know how, but they're on the planet, and they're human beings, and they're pissed off.'
He was crying tears of blood.
Natasha usually liked to keep out of dangerous or potentially volatile situations. She ran in the shadows and had done so for her whole life - she liked to assess things from afar where she wouldn't get into the worst of it and then later on, when she had a definitive plan, she would attack.
But Tony was still infuriating and Steve couldn't understand him and he really would like to know what their relationship was. The only problem was - Tony wouldn't even talk to him.
'Thank you so much. For everything,' he said, lifting his head from her shirt.
'I just wanted to say - about the other night...' He tried to rack up the courage. 'I like you a lot, Steve, and I hope we weren't just a one-time fling -'
'Well, then, let's go get that radio,' Steve said, looking around at them. 'Who wants to come?'
Bruce nearly fell off his lookout post. He scrambled to the ladder and climbed down.
She refused to speak to them again after that.
He had been minding his own business, talking to Jane and Darcy while they sorted out the remaining supplies from the aid depot, when his brother, Clint, Natasha, Bucky, Tony and Steve ran into the camp. Tony and Clint were whooping, Steve and Bucky were grinning like idiots, Loki was as condescending as always and even Natasha was smiling.
Great, he loved darkness.
'Food?'
'There are new developments. A lot of new developments. I assume you already met HYDRA's latest experiment?' he questioned, pushing through the delinquents and standing a good distance from Bruce and the others in the drop ship.
'You must be hungry, you didn't eat -'
'We would like to ask what we have done wrong, Your Honor,' she said, in a clear, carrying voice. 'We came here to see if we could fix what we have done and offer our assistance in any way.'
'You're one to speak, Stark,' Clint began, but Tony cut him off.
'How exactly did you escape, Rumlow?'
wow, i got this chapter done early. woo. yay for me, i guess. anyways, introducing another one of my queens (apart from nat, she's the ultimate queen, as we all know): valkyrie! yas, finally. also: varol! varol is happening, guys :)
'Oh, my god, Jane, you will not believe this, I just met this incredibly hot blond guy, I think his name is Clint or something - woah,' she broke off her rant to stop and stare and Thor, and then she nudged Jane with her shoulder and winked. Jane's cheeks flushed.
Natasha exclaimed, both fury and disguised, but very much present, panic in her voice. She sprinted towards where Clint had vanished and turned in a circle, staring at the treetops, her gun already out and by the looks of it, safety switched off.
It did nothing.
Rusted metal, shattered glass and bits of plastic completed the desolate scene. He nudged at a dented tin mug with his foot, and a large many-legged insect skittered out.
you son of a bitch, why didn't you tell me?'
Much fucking better.
He paused, and when she didn't make any move to get up, he sighed.
Steve was angrily banging on the hatch, flanked by Tony's other friends. Apparently Rumlow had fled up to the top level of the drop ship. There was no reply, and then suddenly there was a loud bang.
Rumlow raised an eyebrow.
and we wouldn't have known -'
'Nope,' Darcy said cheerfully, but her voice was rather shaky. 'Sadly, all of this is real.'
'Stop acting innocent. You know exactly what I'm talking about. I asked you a question. Why do you care so much? It's not like you have other things to worry about, like Steve, and the loaded gun I'm carrying, and, you know, survival.'
'What did he say?' he said weakly.
it's up there on the first chapter, go check it out :)
'Alright, everyone, we need to get ready. First of all, we should talk to the Chancellor, ask him what we should do to prepare for the winter and for the hurricane. Tell Wade and Okoye to continue making weapons -'
Steve paused before replying. 'Yeah. It did. I think it was something about those nuts we ate. I need to talk to T'Challa about it.'
'Yeah, genius.'
'I will,' Steve said determinedly, and Bucky raised an eyebrow. 'You sure?'
'He's asleep. Finally. I made sure of that, and I left water and food, too,' Tony replied, rubbing a hand across his face. There was stubble on his chin and his neatly clipped facial hair looked scruffy after days on Earth with no razor and shaving cream.
Steve paused. 'You're right. Yeah. Yeah, you're right, I'll do that. Thanks a lot, Sam.'
He looked around at their camp. Surprisingly, the delinquents were organized and worked together without any hitches. Sure, Wade Wilson sometimes got into a skirmish and had to be saved by his boyfriend Peter Parker, and sure, Tony would sometimes break the rules just for the fun of it, but otherwise they were mostly functional.
'Hold your horses, handsome. I also realized that - no offence - you suck at this. I came over to help.'
He couldn't move, couldn't speak, couldn't even think properly. It felt like he was burning up.
Natasha looked up and gave them a thumbs-up, signalling that she'd found something. Clint darted back. 'Antelope,' he whispered. 'Blackbuck antelope, if you want to be specific, but it's food, and we've found it.' Tony let out a very soft whoop and Bucky grinned.
And then they'd slept in the sleeping bags and went back to camp a few hours later.
Tony crouched by the rifles to get a closer look and then whooped.
Jane, true to her word, appeared in front of him, her hair tied back in a ponytail and a wide smile on her face.
'Everybody calm down.' A huge muscled blond pushed his way through the crowd and stood in front of the aggressors. 'Rogers is right,' he said, in his slow, rather old-fashioned accent, 'we have descended upon the wrong peak. Commander Fury wished us to land beside the underground refuge used by those of the past. He called it Mount Weather. We must find it.'
'Do you know what they call this sort of knife?' she asked him quietly.
Bruce watched in horror at the events that unfolded in front of his eyes.
'Wanda, wait!'
Thor ignored Clint and Natasha's bickering and wandered away from them. He liked his friends, but their customs were different from his and they used far too much figurative language and sarcasm for him to hold a proper conversation with them.
'Why would you assume you would be an uncle to my child?'
Bruce quickly explained all he'd done and heard in the woods, and Steve's face darkened.
'Again!'
'And, um, we're dating now, I guess.'
What was that for?'
'Seems pretty solid. Clean up after you're done, lovebirds,' Clint called to them as he climbed out of the bunker. Bucky snickered as he collected some of the stuff from the boxes of supplies and Tony winked. 'You bet we will, don't want you jerking off over here later on,' he said, smirking.
'One of us is a killer,' Steve said softly, watching her go. 'It could be any of us, really. I could've killed him. You could've killed him. I just - I don't know, man, this is terrible.'
He laughed. 'Steve chose it when we were younger, and it kinda stuck.'
He had been sipping water and observing a butterfly hop from flower to flower when he heard a snap in the woods behind him.
'It's injured,' Natasha told them quietly, when they tip-toed up to her. 'It's a male and it's injured. We should be able to take it down in one shot.' 'We shall feast like kings,' Clint proclaimed in a low voice, and Natasha rolled her eyes at him.
'What's going on?' Steve asked, wandering over, his blue eyes wide and his entire being screaming honor. Bless him and his stupid styled hair.
Clint and Natasha didn't have anyone to worry about. But the other delinquents did. Thor knew that Peter Quill, T'Challa, Sam, and Sharon had all lost either one or both parents, and the some of the others had lost dear friends or lovers. The lucky ones who either didn't have anyone they loved or whose friends and family were still on the Helicarrier were walking around, comforting their friends.
But this was far worse than whatever weird red welts the acid had given him.
'What's up with you, anyway?' Clint asked her, an arm carelessly flung over the armrest of the couch, his legs stretched out, as comfortable as possible. He took another piece of meat from the plate in between them.
'Fuck,' Tony swore. 'It must've been the trick I did with the radio. It was using the wristbands for power as well, and when it failed, it must've fried the wristbands as well.'
'All you're doing is proving you shouldn't be let around children.'
'Stop!' a voice said angrily, half-begging, half-commanding. 'Stop, please! I did it!'
'Acid storm,' she replied shortly, rubbing at her arms. 'Acid, and it stings like a bitch.'
She arched an eyebrow, clearly showing her disbelief of his crappy lie and he looked away.
'Loki, what are you saying?' The hatch fell back with a thud as Thor approached him, his eyes panicked and pleading.
Did he want to, though?
Bucky sighed, realizing that if Natasha was coming there was no way he could carry his weapon, and handed his gun to a passing Scott, who looked startled, and then very delicately carried it all the way across the camp, keeping it at least a foot away from his body, and gave it to T'Challa, while Bucky watched with an amused look on his face.
'Loki, Father would wish to see you. It has been almost two and a half years,' Thor tried again. 'Hela, too. She missed you a lot more than she missed me. I think she finds you more tolerable than me, possibly due to the fact you are more alike.'
- I know he killed my brother but no one deserves to die like this -' Wanda was pleading, but no one paid any attention to her.
Thankfully they were too caught up with the more pressing matter at hand - reaching Mount Weather in time. Steve and Tony were talking together, leaving Clint and James to do their weird man-bonding thing. Loki was silent, always at the head of the party, never opening his mouth unless it was to give directions. Once he tugged at the collar of his gear and Natasha saw a snake tattooed on the back of his neck, glaring at her with its onyx eyes.
Tony had gone up to get some fresh air when the hallucinations began.
He hurt everywhere and he couldn't do anything about it.
He stood with Sam a little way back as Valkyrie counted down from three and the delinquents crouched by the launchers, ready to release the flares. Three, two, one, and...
He paused. 'Well - I'm not sure, really. I guess I'm just a nice guy, you know?'
Rumlow laughed again, that same crazy laugh. 'Your sense of justice is fucking twisted, and I hope you know that,' he spat to everyone at large, and stalked off, closely followed by his two buddies. They went a good distance away and watched, hatred in their eyes, as everyone stared at the still-belligerent Loki.
'It's okay, you just slept for half an hour. Bruce and Betty were done around ten minutes back but they didn't want to disturb you.'
'I don't, as a matter of fact. Could you perhaps enlighten me?'
Loki was tossing his band into the fire.
'I am not here to make amends, boy,' Red said, in a harsh, grating rasp, his eyes narrowing. 'It is too late for them.'
She smiled again, watching him squirm. All of that had been a mixture of guesswork and her own training, as she'd been observing Steve's symptoms and then pulled the answer out of her ass.
'I said no. Who are you to even come back into my life, old man? I don't want to talk to you. Go the fuck away,' Tony said firmly, emboldened by Howard's confusion.
Damn him and his stupid fucking smile.
'Shut up.'
'Blood trail,' Natasha said suddenly, looking towards Bucky. 'Yeah - yeah, there should be a blood trail. Look for a blood trail.'
He'd apparently turned into a massive green monster, almost eight feet tall, and had wrecked the lab, injuring and knocking out Betty in the process. It had almost been a disaster for the Helicarrier but the guards with the stun guns had managed to overpower the green guy and he'd turned back into himself. The last thing he remembered seeing was Betty's scared face and then everything was blurry as the monster took control.
Deciding that he wasn't worth wasting her rest period on, she curled up like a cat on her side of the couch, taking great pains not to touch him in any way, shut her eyes, and fell asleep.
He caught sight of black boots. He counted six. That meant there were three people. The black boots were part of HYDRA agents' gear. Loki had told them that the low-tier HYDRA agents all wore the same kind of gear, which was full black and just had the HYDRA symbol above the left breast.
ackkkk i adore writing thor. i feel like thor's one of the characters least written about in the marvel fanfic world, which is such a shame, because although he doesn't have a backstory that's a tragic work of art like bucky and nat, or a personality that shines through and hits you in the feels like steve and tony, he's a cinnamon roll who's been consistently optimistic even when he doesn't need to and is seriously not talked about enough. poor dude's been through so much and still manages to smile and make my entire day.
'Alright. Can you tell us anything about them?'
'I never thought I'd be saying this, but...' Tony stood up and clapped his hands thrice, loudly, and called out, 'Hey, can I make an announcement?' gaining everyone's attention. Once everyone was silent and looking at him, he began.
'I found it!' he yelled, holding up the black box.
A small explosion rocked the nearby forest and the birds shot up into the sky, chirping madly.
'I know you lovebirds have been apart for the entirety of half an hour and you cannot wait to fuck each other again because it's like an eternity for you, but I'm pretty sure HYDRA's firing at us, so care to get a fucking move on?' Bucky yelled.
'Yeah, well, let her think what she wants,' Natasha muttered, collapsing on the couch and closing her eyes.
'Anthony.'
Steve groaned in reply, gingerly patting his stomach where Rumlow had punched him. 'Yeah, we didn't think so back then, did we?' he told his best friend, crawling to the tent flap and peeking through. The sun was just rising - a phenomenon Steve would've found fascinating in a different situation - and the sky was flooded in beautiful orange, pink and red.
'The place I grew up in, it was.'
'Yeah, buddy, just don't accidentally kill one of us, okay? That thing was heavy. We took turns carrying it back but Loki was slumming it more than the rest of us. I think it was really important to him or else he wouldn't have done it. You know Loki.'
Clint heard her punching in the numbers, and then he heard the soft grating of metal against metal as she carefully twisted the hatch.
It was very wet. Water was practically pouring from it. The wires stuck out, looking like they'd been hastily sawn off by a knife.
And the next moment he was yanked up and vanished.
Natasha wasn't smiling, though. Her posture was rigid and she was standing a bit away from them. 'There's something wrong with it,' she said, her mouth in a thin line. Everyone moved to her side and tried to find the squirrel again.
'Do you have a weapon?'
Laughing, Steve followed and hugged Valkyrie, and then awkwardly hugged Tony as well. The corner of Natasha's mouth quirked up and Clint pulled her into the chaotic group hug.
'As well as it can go when one is out in the wilderness, I suppose,' Thor replied, gladly accepting the food. 'Yeah, it's not that bad. Sure, there's weird insects, and strange noises, and we might all die from a lack of food in a few days, but it's great otherwise,' Clint told him, grinning. 'We set up tents, as well. With that plastic stuff. Tarp. We found a lot in the Quinjet. And some other things. We used the seat padding for pillows. Gonna be a great night.'
He took a deep breath. 'I just wanted to say that I'm sorry. For snapping at you in the drop ship, and for the whole thing with Loki - I was just really angry. Steve was hurt, Loki wasn't doing anything to help him, and we were wasting our time while he was dying, and I just couldn't deal with it anymore.'
It was clear that everyone else - including Natasha - was thinking something along the lines of that, however, judging by their uncertain glances and hesitant steps. Occasionally they would stop and listen because they heard some noise but it usually was just the wind.
'I'm sure it's safe, but one can never be too sure,' he told them, 'which is why I'm not going first. All yours, ladies.'
'They must've cleared this place out. All the supplies were distributed before the last of the bombs went off, I guess. It's basically of no use to us.'
'What?' Thor looked befuddled.
, Bruce tried to reassure himself. He decided to scratch his plan of escaping. He would sit there until the HYDRA agents left and then he would watch Loki very carefully.
Steve rolled his eyes and turned back to the launcher. It wasn't too difficult to set up, because Valkyrie had given him step-by-step instructions, but Steve knew that he was going to go wrong somewhere. Anything involving machinery or technology was far from his strong point.
gorgeous. Everyone just takes some time to own up to that.'
'Yeah, right,' Clint scoffed, turning away. He looked up at the night sky and frowned.
'I don't need treatment -' she began indignantly, but then almost fell over.
Thor sighed. He had been on the guard the night before so he had the day off today. The border patrol and the hunting party had left long back. He didn't know what to do. He'd tried to help Nakia and T'Challa train some of the younger kids in throwing knives but they were an efficient team and they clearly didn't need him.
Rumlow hesitated, but the pistol didn't move from Steve's head. 'I don't need to tell you why I'm doing this, Rogers,' he said roughly, 'and besides, I think you already know.'
The logical thing was to get out of there, talk to Steve, get backup and chase away the intruders. HYDRA so close to camp was a massive danger and they needed to get rid of it. But Bruce was frozen in place. He couldn't move. He didn't dare move. He tried to control his breathing so he wasn't panting in fear and moved aside a frond just a little bit to catch a glimpse of the intruders.
'I hope not. They don't understand the importance of wearing it, do they? Like, how selfish can people be? Sure, they're guaranteeing themselves a lifetime of freedom - and, that is, if they do manage to live a lifetime by themselves on Earth with limited supplies - but they also aren't thinking of those up on the Helicarrier,' Steve said worriedly.
'Well, you're being really silent today. Not like you're very loquacious on a daily basis - by your standards you're quiet, I mean.'
He stared longingly at the boy for a few more minutes and was then shaken out of his daydream by a loud bang, and the spacecraft slowly began to move. The younger children on the Quinjet cried out while the older ones whooped as Fury wished them good luck.
Bruce felt faint. He reached up to wipe his nose and his hand came away red. He needed to find a cure for it or else they would all die.
'Yeah, some. HYDRA isn't going to attack you for a few days, but you already knew that. They finally told me the name of their gang leader,' Loki said proudly.
The delinquents had found that only some of the animals were grotesquely deformed. Most were actually quite normal-looking, and there were also a few new animals Steve had never read about in his textbooks. Thor, who'd been considerably depressed after Loki's departure, somehow managed to regain his spirits and valiantly accepted the role as taste-tester.
Tony's chest hurt. He hoped his arc reactor was undamaged. He hadn't told anyone about the arc reactor. He didn't feel the need to. Even the media didn't know, and the media knew literally everything else about his life. His arc reactor was a closely guarded secret. Howard Stark clearly didn't want his son to be viewed as weak, or as a sickly cripple.
His internal debate was resolved when there was a commotion outside and they broke apart, staring into each other's wide eyes and quickly trying to get rid of their flushed appearances.
Kids walked in and out, ignoring him as he poked and prodded around. The bottom floor of the drop ship was just the ripped-up seats and the fried television screen. He couldn't find anything else of much importance. He had decided that he'd better go and see if Tony had any more luck when a familiar brown-haired girl walked in.
'We aren't going to hurt you,' Steve said quietly.
'That's fucking great for younger Steve, but it does nothing for you now. I'm either calling you Barnes or nothing.'
And she told him he was a dumbass.
Thor approached a puddle, scrunching up his nose, trying to block out the smell, when Tony yelled at him.
The drop ship had landed in the opposite direction from the Grounders' territory, much to the scouting party's relief. Thor had been walking for half an hour when he caught scent of smoke and burning metal. He wrinkled his nose at the stench and turned to the others, who were making the same face, having detected it too.
'I have told you I am fine with Loki staying here. He doesn't deserve any punishment. He was just doing what he needed to save himself -'
But the best part of the bunker was discovered when Barnes was rummaging around in the box beside the sleeping bags. She was in the main room, checking if the flashlight she'd found had any batteries in it, when he gave a loud whoop of excitement. 'Hey, Romanoff, come check this out!'
'Great. Everyone, in position.'
'Hey, what's that supposed to mean?'
Steve asked him what his terms were, and he had told him that he would only release Tony only on the condition that he got justice for what happened to him. Steve asked him what justice meant for him, and Rumlow had simply replied, ‘Justice means an eye for an eye.’
First he'd suffered through the embarrassment of everyone hearing him scream like a little girl, and now he had to deal with these stupid fucking welts all over his skin. Some of them were beginning to fade away, much to his relief, but they still hurt like hell, and he cursed whoever invented acid storms to forever walk on Legos.
They began to protest angrily, but she interrupted.
She explained that HYDRA had made a move on Unity Day. As they were having the celebrations, after the speech given by Fury, someone had set off a bomb. It had severely injured around fifty people and had killed twelve. Their doctors had so much work to do they needed all hands on deck as well as volunteers.
His face was hollowed, sunken in and a bright red. His skin was stretched tight over his skull and his eyes protruded from behind sharp cheekbones. He looked like someone had set him on fire and then painted him red. It was horrifying.
Bucky arched an eyebrow. 'Weren't you all for fairplay a few days ago?'
'We just need to tell them we're alive.'
The lead Grounder stopped ten feet away from the delinquents. He got off the horse and approached them until he was standing just five feet from Steve.
Natasha, orphaned at four, was taken in by Ivan Petrovich and put into the Red Room training program, which groomed young girls and taught them the art of killing, seduction - they were trained assassins. Natasha had been the best out of all of them, which was why she was chosen for
'What did you guys think you would even gain by going there? All you've done is confirmed that we're at fucking war -'
'I have seen them from my home many times in the past,' he replied, furrowing his eyebrows.
'Why was
Their bickering was interrupted by T'Challa coming back up, grinning. 'It looks normal outside,' he announced, and Clint whooped again, this time prepared for Darcy's backhand and ducking before it could touch his face.
╰⊱♥⊱╮ღ꧁ $ÂĈRЄÐØßĿĪVĪØИ ꧂ღ╭⊱♥≺
'What - I'm not moping -' he spluttered, trying not to get water all down his shirt.
Steve nodded. 'Yeah, I'll do it right away. Anything else?'
The delinquents were prepared. Tony had set up a tripwire trap around the camp, just outside the walls, to notify them if some hapless Grounder was planning a sneak attack. They'd also set up lookout and gunman posts. If HYDRA attacked them at their camp they would have the high ground and they could pick off the agents one by one.
the sitting-by-the-beside kind.
'What the fuck are you talking about, girl?' Rumlow asked her, genuine confusion in his eyes.
A friend with benefits, but still just a friend.
'Hey, man. Loki gave that to you?'
╰⊱♥⊱╮ღ꧁ $ÂĈRЄÐØßĿĪVĪØИ ꧂ღ╭⊱♥≺
'- how can we be sure this isn't a trap?' Steve was saying.
'No, wait, please,' he pleaded, and she stopped, arching an eyebrow at him.
'I remember him as a lot older,' Tony mused, and Pepper jabbed him in the ribs. 'That's his son, idiot. Vision.' 'He had a son?' Tony and Rhodey both said in unison, and she rolled her eyes. 'You can talk to him later. For now you'd better see where we are.'
He was the next to sign up, and he'd given Natasha his best puppy-dog eyes until she caved and reluctantly said she was coming as well. Clint was very proud of his puppy-dog eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
'Really, what are you doing here? You're working with - them? Whoever they are? Lackey, did you kill Pietro on their orders -'
'I'll have to keep a watch on him. I'll send a team down the river to check if he was lying. In the meantime, just be careful around him, okay?'
'Very well then, Mr. Rogers,' Red said finally. 'If you think so, then it shall be war.'
He had been sitting in a crouch for around five minutes, his thighs and calf muscles beginning to burn with the effort, and he had just come to the decision that the noise was made by some critter in the woods and he was being silly, when he heard voices talking.
'What?
'You're not my babysitter,' Clint whined.
She arched an eyebrow, being very careful not to let any of her conflicting emotions show. 'Oh, really, Laufeyson? Did you forget that I know all about you as well? You're Odin's adopted son. It was mandatory for us to learn all about the Commanders and their families.'
'Ouch, wonder boy.'
All he wanted was a normal life.
Nature not only wanted revenge on them - it was a cockblocker, too.
'Are you saying my staring is distracting you?'
He groaned and tried to force his eyes open.
didn't do this shit -'
'Haha. I don't think you're going to answer that properly, are you?'
'I mean, your sense of humor may be terrible but at least you've still got it,' she told him.
aight. new chapter, y'alls, hope you enjoyed, here's a hug (づ￣ ³￣)づ
By the time they made it to the bunker, she was nearly unconscious. Bruce cleaned the blood and bandaged her head wound. He laid a cool wet cloth across her forehead as she settled onto the bed and he also gave her something called Tylenol, which contained acetaminophen, according to the bottle. Thankfully the drop ship hadn't sent them down without basic medicine.
Carefully, he pushed back his hood and Clint gasped.
Wade already had a gun aimed at his head and so did Bucky, but Peter intervened. 'Guys, wait, don't kill him yet, he might have information! Look, he's bleeding, the Grounders must've got him!' Everyone looked at Peter, and then looked at Steve.
Everyone stood around her, silent, all of them dripping water with their hair plastered to their faces. Bucky's chin-length hair was especially wet and he growled at Sam who had been snickering at him.
They all fell silent and looked at her.
yay, new chapter! i think i'm probably going to stop doing daily chapters because it's taking a massive toll on me, especially since i have a lot of other stuff to work on, so i suppose i'll do one chapter every two days. i'll try to do daily updates when i can but i don't think i can promise it. anyways, steve&tony angst and their first 'i love you's! ack! this fanfic is nearing its end and i'm so happy. thank you to all who commented and left kudos, it made my day and was the reason i continued to write.
Bruce followed Steve into the drop ship, where Bucky and Wade were tying up Rumlow.
Thor couldn't stay behind after that. All of Odin's persuasion to not leave him alone without a male heir did nothing to change his mind. His older sister Hela was there, and although she was just as callous and cold as their father, she was a good leader. Thor did feel a bit guilty about leaving the inhabitants of Asgard to her mercy but he couldn't desert his little brother.
Steve shook his head and smiled sadly down at his boyfriend. 'Nothing,' he replied, watching the way the sunlight reflected from Tony's hazel eyes, the way his nose curled up a bit at the end, the way the corner of his mouth quirked up for a moment before he pulled Steve down and kissed him deeply.
Natasha shouldered her bag and followed her companions as they walked into the unknown.
Bucky looked at him. 'Hey, punk. You okay?' he questioned, concern in his voice.
Clint.' Natasha's voice was dry.
She walked out of the drop ship, where Tony and James were pacing back and forth like caged tigers. Thor was sitting with his back against the side of the drop ship, his eyes closed.
'Yeah, right. I bet in a few days you'll come crying to me saying you love her and all that shit -'
Natasha, Steve and Thor had caught up with Clint and Bucky and the five of them bolted.
'Loki...' he began, unsure of what to say, and Loki looked up at him. 'Just - stay safe, okay? I - I love you.' Something flickered in Loki's eyes and he glanced away. 'Yeah, I will.' As Thor began to walk away from him, he could've sworn he heard a soft 'I love you too' but when he turned around, Loki was concentrating on building his fire.
Then again, she grew up learning to observe people. She was always aware of her surroundings. If she'd seen him once on a mission or whenever she'd come onto the SHIELD Helicarrier, then it would have stuck with her. And seeing him once in her life was nowhere near reasonable excuse for them to become best buddies.
'How much farther?' he called out to Steve and Bucky, who were way ahead. Bucky turned. 'Not much, it's a small hill,' he yelled back, and Clint nodded. Bucky's eyes lingered on Natasha for a moment longer and then he turned to face the front again. Clint smirked - he was definitely going to ask Bucky about that later on.
She sighed in defeat.
They all waited with bated breath at the bottom of the ladder as she opened the hatch and peered out. It was deathly quiet and after a few moments, when there were no angry shouts of guards or gunshots, Clint relaxed and saw the others do the same.
They just had another kilometre or so until they reached Mount Weather. So far, they hadn't got any run-ins with HYDRA agents. Clint hoped their luck would continue. The rifle at his hip, the bow in his hand and the quiver across his shoulder were all reassuring but he was far too weak for his own liking, having to stop every few hours because his wound was hurting again.
'You're okay.' It wasn't a question, it was a statement.
'Wait, Carol Danvers? As in youngest member of the Council Carol Danvers?' Steve asked, bewildered.
After that whole fiasco he never spoke to Tony. Sure, he'd saved his life, but was that really feelings which went deeper than his usual automatic reflex to push someone out of the way of a knife? And then he'd heard that Tony was scared shitless when he was poisoned, but again - was that really what he thought it was?
But he knew it wouldn't have been so easy, and he did not regret saving those kids at all. He just wished he'd managed to get in a few more punches before he'd been taken away. If he was going to be jailed and killed anyway, then why shouldn't he be jailed and killed for the right reasons?
'Mom, no -' Tony began, but he was cut off.
'Hey, what are you doing?' an angry voice said, and Tony turned to see the blond Adonis from earlier glaring at him. His smirk grew wider. 'What does it look like I'm doing, handsome? Don't you want to see the view?' He winked, purposefully striking a pose mid-air, and the blond boy blushed furiously, looking around to see if anyone had noticed their little exchange.
The bright side was that he wasn't the only one who was confined to the medical bay. A quiet Steve and a disgruntled Valkyrie were his constant companions, Steve there because he, too, got stabbed, and Valkyrie there because of the concussion she'd gotten when she crash-landed.
ACKKK the wonderful nxghtmarefuel (https://nxghtmarefuel.tumblr.com/) made the aesthetic moodboard for my fic and it's soooo pretty, thank you so much! i love it!
'He might be keeping information from us.'
'That's perfectly alright,' Thor told her, and then, in a lower voice, 'is she okay?'
Half-sobbing, Tony flung his arms around Steve's neck.
'Kill me. Please,' she rasped, this time more firmly.
'Yeah, well, it's in my blood, you know. It's calling me. Why're you bothering yourself with the likes of me, anyway? No guns for you to play with?' Clint asked her.
'Are you sure that HYDRA won't be manning this outpost?' Steve asked, finally breaking the quiet.
They made their way up the hill and then sat there together, looking up at the sky.
Tony Stark considered himself a very calm and collected person.
'How about I just show you?' James questioned, his mouth curling into a grin.
Shaking, Clint slid a knife from his boot and held it over the girl's throat. He couldn't - he couldn't do it. How could he kill someone? How would he be able to live with it? He knew it would be putting her out of her suffering, but -
Tony frowned.
Much to Thor's surprise, Loki had come as well, his eyes inscrutable, his black hair slicked back. He hung out a good distance from everyone else, and as soon as they smoothed down the soil and stuck a piece of metal there to mark it, he left quickly, ignoring Thor. He didn't give any explanation as to why he was there in the first place.
'No idea. They haven't learned from that fiasco which was the Culling. After they sent you down, they had to inform the people why, but they never did. Instead me and Val broadcast a message across the Helicarrier telling them we were running out of oxygen. The people didn't rebel. Actually, what they did was very sweet.'
She unscrewed the hatch and pushed it open. 'Clint!' she yelled. 'Clint, are you -
Out of the corner of her eye, she saw the boy with the crooked grin and the messy blond hair who'd been sitting next to her on the Quinjet. He was leaning against the tree next to the pile of rocks she'd chosen as her perch.
Natasha exhaled sharply and looked over at Bruce. The poor boy had tried so hard, staying awake the entire night along with Natasha, working on Clint the whole time, and finally he'd fallen asleep, exhausted. Betty had come along to help him but she couldn't stay for more than an hour at a time.
'They happened!' he said angrily, gesturing towards the gate, where the three backstabbers had just left the camp.
He was shaken out of his morose thoughts when he ran into Thor's broad back.
Thor walked over to Shuri, who was holding the black box from the Exodus ship. They'd cleared out that area, taking back all the usable scrap metal for materials to build the wall and help make weapons. Shuri was using the radio of the Exodus ship to make more walkies. Previously there only had been three - now there might be enough for around ten delinquents.
'What do you mean?' she asked him, taking a piece of meat herself.
She turned to him and hooked a hand in his hair. 'Hey, yourself. Why're you here?'
She laughed. 'Yeah, you can eat it. It's pemmican. I read about it in my history textbooks. Apparently this can last for an incredibly long time without spoiling. They used it in the war back then.' 'Hmm,' Clint said, still suspicious. 'If I die, it's your fault,' he warned her, and she grinned, handing him a fork.
His using her real name made her heart skip a beat. She hadn't expected him to stick to it. She didn't even know why she'd told him her real name when she hadn't even told it to Clint, but she had, and he seemed to like it.
He was sitting in the grass beside the water, watching a fish lazily swimming in the shallows, when the world began to flash eight different colors.
'We can't stay here,' he said determinedly, as the flashlight beam swept over the ruined depot.
The four of them spread out, searching the ground for any indication of where Clint went. Natasha was attempting to climb the tree directly behind the spot where he'd disappeared. The antelope was long gone.
Steve was left blinking after Tony's retreating back, wondering if he'd just made the biggest mistake of his life.
Natasha gave Loki a cold look before glancing back at her companions.
'Yeah. Turn off safety and fire.'
Tony crouched beside the broken toys. A child had lived here. What had happened, to cause them to leave their almost-perfect bunker in the woods? Did they run out of food? Or did they just think that living in space would be better than waiting for the world to repair itself?
that's all i wanna say, see you next time, drink lots of water, stay safe and lots of love,
'Don't make any noise,' Tony whispered. 'I need to find the wires and I'll try to get them to work. Be careful, there's a ton of hydrazine here from the crash.'
