“Why d’you look like a blushing virgin?” John asked.
His mind was blank, then rapidly went into overdrive. John had feelings for him. He wasn’t reacting negatively to thinking they were married. He thought the idea made
John remembered the first time around, how he spent all night staring up at the ceiling with Mary by his side. Had Sherlock done the same thing in his own bed? Sherlock must have been lonely that night, after being completely rejected by John. John still didn’t think he was wrong the first time this happened, but seeing things from Sherlock’s point of view hurt.
“Fucking Christ,” John groaned, squirming, his cock begging for attention, tingling with pleasure. “Look at you.” He rubbed this thumb over Sherlock’s tip again, smearing the hot, sticky liquid.
He did. “Are my nerves that obvious?”
Sherlock looked sheepishly at the gun. “I didn’t know it was you and thought it might have been an intruder.”
“You’re taking the whole almost being killed thing well.”
“What about the woman you were going to propose to?” she asked.
Amy looked up at him. “She’s coming for you, Mr. Holmes.”
The thoughts bouncing around in his head were invaded by a cloud of guilt. “It was a bad situation.” His defense was weak and he knew it. “But again, who the hell are you to talk? I didn’t forget how you hurt Sherlock before--”
EDIT: Ok since I fucked up, I'll give you guys another chapter. If there's another glitch, assume my computer fucked up lol
Lestrade chuckled and Sherlock smirked, and it almost felt normal again, humor in the air while standing over a corpse, until John crouched down to examine the body. He crouched down on his knees and bent over the body to examine the wounds. There was nothing out of the ordinary with his behavior, but this time, Sherlock looked at his back and arse and his mind flashed the image of John’s naked skin before his eyes. Suddenly, that was all he could see--John’s muscular back, strong thighs, the curve of his arse...He blinked rapidly. This was just plain
“Come on, John,” he drawled impatiently. “You’re a doctor, and are certainly more competent than anyone here.”
John turned his head away.
Sherlock slowly sat up on his elbows, looking up at John. “I think it’s mostly passed by now.”
“No, no, not at all.”
Still, John asked, “You okay?”
She was beaming. “Oh, don’t play dumb, Sherlock. I knew you two would only need one bedroom one day.”
John had the humorous image of Sherlock walking down the street in the gown, and the wind blowing up and revealing his bare arse. John started laughing.
It occurred to Sherlock that his suspicions were correct; John really must not have known how he felt about him. John wouldn’t have talked about this situation in depth if he knew Sherlock had even the slightest bit of non-platonic affection for him. John wasn’t cruel. It made more sense now that John didn’t think he could be in a relationship, since he truly didn’t know Sherlock cared for him so deeply. The realization made him feel slightly better, but frustrated as well, because again, he thought that all he did for John got the message across. Apparently not.
“Great,” Lestrade smiled at him.
Sherlock didn’t look happier. “I suppose,” he said woodenly.
Btw, if you read my s4 fix-it story
John lifted his head, tears staining his cheeks. “I gotta stop crying,” he wiped his face roughly with the back of his hand. “I’ve got to take care of you.”
An unpleasant bubble of anxiety was in his chest. He wasn’t used to this sort of confrontation. He and John rarely got to the point. Mary had no qualms with speaking her mind and exposing people’s feelings. He did love John. He wasn’t ashamed of loving such an extraordinary man, but he did not want to talk about the contents of his heart with Mary. “I say what I feel is still none of your business,” he said mechanically.
John was biting his lip, fighting off his own arousal (which was, in turn, extremely arousing to Sherlock). “I was thinking, I just landed in this relationship with you. I didn’t get to do the things I imagined, or I don’t remember them.”
Sherlock put his violin away and looked at John expectantly. He was clean-shaven and showered, now, no longer looking greasy and haggard. He looked better than a week ago, certainly, but he was still too thin, his cheekbones too prominent, and he looked weak. John didn’t know how the hell he wasn’t going through the pains of withdrawal, considering all of the shit he had taken. He didn’t want to ask about the details of Sherlock’s drug use, but he did want to know
“I had another dream,” John started a couple days later, not having the opportunity to talk yesterday from Mrs. Hudson paying them a visit.
“Yeah, it is,” he smiled. “You remembered.”
Sherlock pulled back this time, and he felt utterly love struck. This was so much to process. He wanted to give John more, but he needed time to calm down. He needed--he needed to tell John about Mary! How could he have forgotten? “John!”
Heart tearing in half for the tenth time that night (or morning), John cupped Sherlock’s cheek with his left hand, and placed a hard kiss on the other cheek. “I won’t ever leave unless you want me to, okay? And we can work through everything together.”
“Have you ever changed a nappy in your life?” John asked.
“It worked,” he whispered. “Oh my fucking god,” he put his hands on his face in astonishment, “I was actually right. It fucking worked.” Even though he thought this would happen, he was still stunned. He wasn’t crazy, after all. He figured it out. His dreams really were visions--
It's Lestrade. An update.
SHERLOCK
AUDREY
This isn't working, Sherlock.
LESTRADE
(perturbed)
Sherlock moans in response and licks some more. And more.
Good thing I cleaned.
Better make it twice a month, dear. I'm just so glad to hear you had a nice time.
I'm glad to hear it.
John plops her in her booster seat, wipes off biscuit crumbs, and sets down her breakfast. He hurries back to the counter to continue packing up.
(handing over an envelope)
John squeezes his knob as punishment, but it causes him to moan out in pleasure instead. A look of realization and a smile crosses John's face.
And then what?
SHERLOCK
Sherlock nods and taps John's arm.
Yes, I bet the two of you got along famously.
AUDREY
My bloody brilliant boyfriend.
Will you put me to bed early, too, John?
Sherk!
(surprised)
John was back. Sherlock stood, and John handed him his coat. Sherlock studied the booth for a moment: the dance club was nothing special, but he thought he might retain some fond memories of this particular booth.
Listen, Audrey. I am perfectly capable of taking care of Rosie if that's what your concern is.
You'll have to tell me about that one.
CLERK
Want some advice on these?
NAZIR
SHERLOCK
Sherlock leans over John, getting his mouth as close to John's ear as he can. He pauses his stroking and probing for a dear moment.
John emerges from the bathroom and smiles shyly.
Sherlock enters flat carrying a sack of leftover chips which he tosses on the nearest flat surface.
What the hell is this?!
SHERLOCK
Never mind that you are clearly dying to tell me about yourself and Goldy.
SHERLOCK
(dismissively)
Sherlock flips over and looks up at John with disappointment in his eyes.
Could you... give me a few more kisses? To help get me in the mood? All this arguing has put me off.
Does he always wear a suit to the playground?
SHERLOCK
What about those?
Yes! A case! A string of mysterious poisonings! It's fantastic! Scotland Yard even thinks it’s important enough to work on a Saturday, believe it or not. I'm meeting Nazir at two.
John and Sherlock stand on the side of the playground, watching Rosie playing in the sand pit. Mycroft jogs up to them.
Oh my God!
Sherlock returns in a hurry, lugging her vacuum.
Oh, no. I'm so sorry to hear. I've seen him try to manipulate situations for his own benefit before... I didn't realize he'd do that to you, too. John, that's not good.
Sherlock kisses both of John's ass cheeks and then moves to kissing along John's cleft. John gives out little appreciative moans. Sherlock finally reaches John's hole and gives it a lick.
"Hell no."
AUDREY
(muttering sarcastically)
LESTRADE
Sherlock waits patiently for him to elaborate. John exhales.
By all means, enlighten me about the joys of having a boyfriend.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
John wakes up and realizes Sherlock isn't beside him. Fretting, he gets up to investigate.
John finds Sherlock on the couch, sleeping with his phone dangling out of his hand. John carefully pulls the phone from Sherlock's hand and places it gently on the coffee table. He finds a throw blanket to cover Sherlock. He stands over Sherlock with a look of sorrow and worry on his face.
Sherlock straightens up quickly. He stands behind Rosie's stroller glaring at Audrey. She faces off from him, standing behind Dorian's stroller, glaring back. Their posture and facial expressions resemble a Wild West gunfight duel.
Nazir examines the bottle.
Nazir fires up the car's engine.
Oh! So soon?
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
No, she's not old enough, and potty training is a huge time commitment, Sherlock. Huge. You have no idea.
DR HERSCHER
(pouting)
No, of course not. I kept her very busy and then she fell right asleep.
What does it matter, John? It's been over for months, now.
Woooo!
In fact, he'd figured out you were coming into our lives before anyone else had. That's how clever he is.
SHERLOCK
Imbalance in the relationship... yes, I may be able to relate to that. I suspect it's that Lestrade can't keep up with you on an intellectual level.
Little brother, this is hardly the place or the time.
Sherlock stops pacing and turns to John, his interest piqued.
My methods are unconventional.
Ah! AJ! Sherlock! Just the folks I was hoping to see!
Really? A decade long infatuation?
stilled, but did not entirely let go of Sherlock's cock.
What?
Sherlock lets him go.
What?
Good, good, very good. Well, from what you've told me, he seems to be a complicated man with a lot of baggage.
Can't be done. Not official police business.
John licks his lips nervously and reaches for the lubricant. He squeezes some out on his hands. He kneels at Sherlock's waist and inhales deeply in preparation. Sherlock observes him closely the entire time. John delicately wraps his left hand around Sherlock's penis.
Irene, that reminds me...
No. That's not going to happen, Sherlock.
(huskily)
The situation is hopeless. I, brother, am hopeless.
(regular voice level)
I'll pass.
Let's make lunch, Rosie.
SHERLOCK
Irene: Thank God.
Gahh!
With a free hand, Sherlock reaches over for the container of lube, drizzling it onto John's erection. Sherlock begins working his hand up and down John's shaft all while maintaining the shallow thrusts in John's anus with the dildo.
NAZIR
SHERLOCK
John smiles at them and walks towards Sherlock. Sherlock doesn't look happy getting rained on. John beckons for Sherlock to come join him under his umbrella. Sherlock does so. John brushes raindrops off of Sherlock's coat and hair.
Sherlock comes, loud and long. John doesn't let go of Sherlock until he's spilled the last drop. Even after, John lays his head on Sherlock's chest, reluctant to leave his side. Sherlock slumps against the shower wall, completely spent. John washes his hands carefully and proceeds to soap up his own body.
UPSTAIRS BEDROOM
VIVIENNE
(nervously)
Sherlock chuckles. He turns to snuggle up to John.
(nodding slightly)
John turns away and fills the rice cooker. Sherlock frets that he has upset John, but Johns seems unruffled.
Audrey quirks an eyebrow up at his odd phrasing and ponders things for a moment.
Sherlock frees his mouth from John's erection reluctantly. John sits up and braces himself with a hand to better meet Sherlock's eye.
Sherlock's eyes are wide with surprise.
I'd very much like to try these out on you John. Experiment. Perhaps write up a detailed report after.
John begins stroking his prick with more conviction while he gingerly spreads Sherlock open internally with his two fingers. Sherlock's breath comes a little faster.
SHERLOCK
John took a cleansing breath to settle his nerves before beginning.
(under breath)
IRENE
SHERLOCK
What'd he say?
INT. BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
You really are sexy and attractive, Sherlock. I've never seen your equal... perhaps Irene Adler.
And that's why you've been hell bent on setting her up with that police detective gal.
John pops his head up, fixing Sherlock with a stern stare.
No that's not it.
I hate to counter, but it happens to be the very definition of arousal.
MRS HUDSON
It would completely scare him off.
I'm not sure I'll even be able to climax, John. Twice in one day is a bit unheard of for me... it may take too long.
(exploding with fury)
SHERLOCK
We are a bit of a mess, us two, aren't we?
Do tell.
There is more kissing and fondling.
The fingertips of Sherlock's right hand begin to explore John's bum crack.
Dorian and Rosie are upstairs eating dinner with my husband. He's perfectly adept at tending to small children, unlike some people.
AUDREY
(standing up)
John lies down, settles in on his pillow, and closes his eyes.
You owe that to Rosie and yourself.
JOHN (V.O.)
ROSIE
SHERLOCK
Sherlock is naked and on all fours on the bed. John kneels behind him, also naked other than a condom and some lube.
INT. SITTING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
SHERLOCK
VIVIENNE
I'm off!
MYCROFT
Well, let's see what we can do.
SHERLOCK
Sherlock smiles and without another word, pulls John by the hand towards his bedroom.
John wants Audrey to take Rosie for now, but he said he'll officially add you to the pick-up list tomorrow. Do you know where Sherlock is?
The warden holds the door open for them. Mycroft and Sherlock rise from the chairs.
(fuming)
Yes, Sherlock was at the wedding, too.
John begins to thrust rhythmically into Sherlock, slowly at first. He braces himself on strong arms. Sherlock wraps one hand around John's bicep, and the other reaches up to softly cup the back of John's head. Sherlock bends his knees and hooks his long legs behind John's strong thighs possessively.
INT. 221 BAKER STREET - MRS. HUDSON'S KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
Right.
SHERLOCK
Sherlock closes his eyes, throws his head back, and nods.
John wraps his fingers around Sherlock's prick once more.
Absolutely! And I thank you for your candor, Mycroft. And so, I should answer in kind.
I'll tell you when we land.
That's utter bullshit.
(with some jealousy)
Yeah, what about that?
MOLLY
And she accepted me whole-heartedly, too, John. It's true, Mary and I got along. We liked each other, even.
John looks away, feeling a bit guilty, although he doesn't exactly know why.
Sherlock!
Sherlock runs a hand lightly along John's length and John writhes under Sherlock's touch. John beckons to Sherlock with a crooked finger.
Maybe if I...
John's thumb plays over both their slits.
Goodbye Sherlock. Go solve a mystery for me.
"It's okay then? It'll work?" John asked anxiously, fussing with his shirt, and glancing down at himself.
ROSIE
“I did,” he said.
(talking over him)
John and I often walk the kids home together. But no matter, you go first. I'm sure you walk faster with those long legs... and that way you needn't try to make idle chitchat with John's "intimidating mum friend".
Different strokes for different folks, I guess.
Were you wearing your red pants today?
he had John Watson right in front of him and quite literally in hand.
It reads: SHERLOCK YOU'RE LATE. DID YOU FORGET OUR DINNER RESERVATION?
(side-glance to Sherlock in annoyance)
Sherlock can only bite his bottom lip and nod in agreement.
Sherlock closes his eyes and gives a little moan.
John. Will you sleep in my room tonight?
Sherlock glances keenly at John, one eyebrow cocked as if to say 'We should give this a try'. John looks at Sherlock in shock, and then is so embarrassed that he hides his head in his hands.
(gesturing towards Sherlock)
(petulantly)
Keeping up the flirtation and dancing while extracting information from people was exhausting, but Sherlock persevered. He found he also had to keep an eye on the bar too, as John was doing a piss-poor job of attending to his stakeout duties, choosing instead to follow Sherlock's every move like a hawk. Nevertheless, Sherlock had succeeded in sussing out some of the regulars, had been offered ecstasy three times and was propositioned twice, and was quite ready for refreshment by the time he made it back to the booth. Still, he managed to grab a muscly bloke playfully by the arm and complimented him on his mesh shirt right before John's eyes. The man ran a hand down Sherlock's sleeve and told him he had nice eyes. Sherlock smiled and turned away coquettishly as smoke nearly poured forth from John Watson's ears. Sherlock flopped down in the booth, poured himself a much-needed glass of water and guzzled it down. John stared into his own empty drink with grumpy knitted
Now please. Allow yourself time to develop and explore your feelings with John. It is the least you can do for yourself and for him.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
MOLLY
SHERLOCK
DR HERSCHER
SHERLOCK
Then I’ll start sliding up and down you...
(uncertainly)
(already running to Nazir's police car)
Bye-bye Dorian. Ta-ta Audrey.
Sherlock dashes off a text to Nazir. It reads: WE MUST CHECK ATTACHE'S ROOM TOMORROW FOR BLOOD STAINED FLOOR -SH
Sherlock lounges in his chair reading a book with his feet propped up on a laundry basket. John enters the room, puts his hands on his hips, and stares at Sherlock. Sherlock doesn't notice.  John gives up, sits down on his own chair, and gently pulls the laundry basket from under Sherlock. Sherlock looks up, a bit dazed.
(chuckling)
Ella can't help but smile briefly at this.
I was just planning ahead. Like you and your bloody STD testing.
Do you remember the feet thing?
Greg Lestrade and Mycroft Holmes sit across from each other at a table, sipping hot beverages (coffee for Lestrade and tea for Mycroft) and having scones. Greg is somewhat distracted by a television in the corner playing sports highlights.
NAZIR
(into walkie-talkie)
An entire luggage trolley's worth.
No matter what your level of sexual expertise may be, just know that there's absolutely no rush. I won't be pushing you into anything. We take as long as we need.
Her uni roommate. You said she's an international student, but knows no one here in London. Buys Chinatown plastic slippers, so she's probably not from a wealthy family either. She must have a roommate.
John snickers and Sherlock is pleased he's made John laugh.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Uh, no. I don't do cases anymore. You are to take Lestrade, or Nazir... or whomever. Per our flatmate agreement... AND at Mycroft's and Molly's insistence, if you recall.
I'm going to duck into the bathroom and freshen up down there.
John gets a sudden concerned look his face.
John gets caught in the act. Smut alert for the whole chapter.
Mrs Hudson isn't answering for some godforsaken reason... John apparently is in surgery and can't be reached... you said Lestrade is on his way?
Oh, I see. You come to me because I happen to be an expert on unrequited love. That's actually quite cruel, even for you, Sherlock.
SHERLOCK
It wasn't just that, John. There were a myriad of reasons Irene and I didn't work. Her very profession caters to those with particularly strong addictions. Hardly a good match for someone trying to recover from his own addiction problem, now is it?
Sherlock wanders to the window and John sits down in Sherlock's leather chair. He smiles at Mrs. Hudson.
(wincing, quietly)
Yes, well... we have discovered some other ways to have fun together, haven't we?
INT. 221B BAKER STREET - KITCHEN - TUESDAY MORNING
SHERLOCK
Rosie is in her booster seat happily eating pieces of cheese, fruit, peas, and ham. Mrs. Hudson prepares plates for John and Sherlock, while Audrey does some washing up.
INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE BATHROOM - 15 MINUTES LATER
John.
ANGELINE
(grinning wildly)
SHERLOCK
I thought you might find it interesting.
That's admirable. But I don't think it is the nature of our visit today, is it?
There you go Rosie. How was your day? Are you comfy enough?
SHERLOCK
But I want to.
I was hoping you would say that.
I've detected a pattern with divorced and widowed folks like John. They tend to be more than a little gun shy about falling in love again after being hurt once before.
"What? That was the deal! We take turns. I need to keep my eye on the bar now, which isn't possible when I'm on the dance floor and—"
AUDREY
Sherlock gets into bed. John looks at him hopefully.
AUDREY
"No."
SHERLOCK
Sherlock awakens at the sound of John's voice and turns to look. John stands at the kitchen doorway in his red pants. Only his red underpants. Sherlock stands up in such a rush that the chair scrapes the floor and nearly topples over. Sherlock strides over to John, looming over him in a second.
SHERLOCK
DR HERSCHER
Well then. Let's get you prepared.
Wouldn't it be nice to retain some of the surprise, Sherlock?
Oh! Okay. Thank you. That would be wonderful, actually.
(holding back emotion)
IRENE
(dismissively, over Rosie's crying)
"Look... the flirting bothers you, so I'll stop. Consider it done," Sherlock pronounced, leaning back against the cushioned backrest of the booth. He hadn't realized how close he had moved towards John during their conversation, and he wanted to give him more space. John swallowed hard and fidgeted. Sherlock watched him carefully.
Sherlock kissing John passionately behind the tree in the park... Sherlock dearly loves to kiss, doesn't he?... and all the things John so desperately hopes all these deep kisses, all these embraces, will lead to. Someday.
What interference, Mycroft?
Bye-eee!
(all smiles)
I said you are doing well, Sherlock. Very.
SHERLOCK
(resigned)
(deadly serious)
And you too, John.
SHERLOCK
As I was saying before being rudely interrupted, I paused all research in that area because it didn't seem immediately relevant to my life. Until today.
Thank you, Mrs. Hudson, I get the point.
-Mrs. Hudson sits in John's chair with Rosie on her lap. She reads Rosie a picture book. Sherlock and John cuddle a little on the couch as Mrs. Hudson reads.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Only consider it.
Thank you.
Bye-Bye.
John, I warned you. You'll wake up Rosie... and Mrs. Hudson. Do mind your noise levels, please.
Hm. Turn around please.
SHERLOCK
ROSIE
SHERLOCK
Mycroft sighs and walks over to the hatch once again. Before placing the small packet inside, he pops two more Maltesers in his mouth. Sherlock shakes his head in mild disappointment at Mycroft. Eurus retrieves the smaller packet and adds it to her stash under her mattress.
NAZIR
(nervously)
(annoyed)
SHERLOCK
There's no need.
John wonders if he should tell Sherlock to stop.
Apparently, when two horses are in love, they need be always kept together otherwise they cause such a fuss that it makes everyone around them miserable.
MOLLY
John comes, ejaculating all over the shower wall. Sherlock holds him in place as John convulses with aftershocks. Sherlock slowly loosens his hold on John. John turns around but slumps against the wall for support.
(See the end of the chapter for
(heatedly)
SHERLOCK
EXT. ROSIE'S NURSERY SCHOOL - LATE AFTERNOON
Done with your stretching, Rosie? Let's get out the violin then.
(tsking)
Hello Rosie. Hello John.
Eurus's eyes narrow.
And how does domestic bliss suit you, brother of mine? Happy in your new relationship?
SHERLOCK
John, in ten years have you ever once seen me use the washing machine?
John shakes his head no.
Sherlock sets a steady pace, mouthing and licking John's prick while gently probing John's interior with his finger. John marvels at how the anal fingering enhances the pleasure of the blowjob to an incredible degree. And the fact that Sherlock is the one providing all this pleasure makes John's heart race.
ROSIE
The world had beaten me down. Mary's death. My infidelity to her. I was completely failing my daughter. You were trying your best to destroy yourself. I nearly helped you succeed in that by beating the shite out of you in Culverton's morgue.
Mrs. Hudson's question finally catches Sherlock's attention.
I should examine the bathroom your clients use as well.
(huskily)
Yes, they don't need to be refrigerated or anything... you can just leave them in the hall.
AUDREY
I presume Mycroft will be discreet.
"John."
Are you hurt? Did you fall? We will need to get you checked out straight away...
(jovially)
IRENE
Oink!
(turns in surprise)
John sighs in exasperation but turns around.
What do you want me to do about it, Holmes? I can't control the traffic.
You and John have a past. A long, long past. And it is apparent to me that you’ve had to be as patient with him as he has been with you throughout your relationship.
(calling back, while putting away groceries)
Good deduction, Watson.
Hi, Molly. Hello, AJ.
No, neither can I.
What should we play, Rosie? Duplo?
Hi! The door was opened downstairs. I shut it behind me.
"I already said I didn't particularly
All right, all right.
Those red pants have taunted me for years, John. I know seeing you in them will undo me.
(with resignation)
Okay, no talking then.
(winking)
(mumbling to self)
No, not really. As always, your timing is perfect... showing up to help when I'm just about done.
Sherlock! Keep your voice down!
I say so.
MOLLY
Sherlock has been telling me all about you, John.
Okay, can we get this pillow under your head, please? Your neck will thank you for it tomorrow morning.
Mycroft opens his briefcase and takes out a large red bag of Maltesers. This gets her attention. She places herself directly across from Mycroft; he holds up the bag to her.
SHERLOCK
Later that night, in bed, he reported his findings to Irene.
You heard me.
Could the toxin be pouring from the vents then?
"I know you are only saying that for my benefit, John," Sherlock sighed, "You're too kind."
Sherlock begins to clean up, but is surprised when John sits up.
"Nice"? Only "nice"?
John begin to walk away. Sherlock pulls him by his sleeve and stops him in his tracks.
John gives the head of Sherlock's cock a quick, teasing lick, making Sherlock squirm.
I'll not have pig parts cluttering up my hallway, Sherlock Holmes! I'll have the deliveryman take them straight down to the basement, thank you very much.
Rosie eats in her booster seat, while John prepares some fruit, yogurt, and toast for himself. Sherlock enters in his swishy housecoat and groggily gets himself coffee from the coffee maker. He even adds milk so that he can drink it more quickly: his need for caffeine is pressing.
Sherlock presses up against John as he continues to wash and then condition John's hair. Sherlock's erection begins to poke into John's belly. John holds onto Sherlock's hips and sways against him as his own erection grows harder, too.
SHERLOCK
(smiles shyly)
(quietly)
The murders you mean.
Yeah. Let's do this, Sherlock.
Sherlock, you are doing amazingly well.
Aaahhh!
"Thank you again, Lupita."
Fine. Well, at the rate we're going, I may be needing to use one of those kits rather soon.
Do not open this door, Sherlock! What did I just say about privacy?!
(hands on hips)
Sherlock is speechless, holding John closer, digesting his confession.
It's because of your germaphobia, then.
Is this how it went with your wife? When you two fell in love?
Sherlock flips John face down on the mattress and yanks his hips up until John's knees are bent and his arse is in the air. Sherlock pulls John's ass cheeks apart and licks slowly along the crack. John moans.
Sherlock heads to the kitchen.
(with doctor-like calmness but very worried)
SHERLOCK
NAZIR
Sherlock stands abruptly and grabs his coat.
Sherlock, it's not necessary --
(which might or might not be related to the main mystery)
(softly, but with authority)
(while typing)
AUDREY
(anxiously)
Nazir? Lestrade has you teamed up with her a lot.
No, no, no.
INT. SHERLOCK'S BEDROOM - LATER SAME NIGHT
How are the eggs, Rosie?
DR HERSCHER
(calming down)
Two scenes. New characters. An increasingly agitated John Watson. All fluffy. Enjoy!
(moaning in response)
Can I assume this means you would like us to pursue a serious, intimate, relationship with all the bells and whistles?
No John, I'm fine. Erm. I have some work to do downstairs in the lab. Gotta dash.
(picking up the small butt plug)
Sherlock reaches down to pull out the butt plug, causing John to yelp.
EXT. PARK NEAR ST BARTS HOSPITAL - 20 MINUTES LATER
Sherlock lifts an eyebrow at John. John shakes a finger at Sherlock in return.
What if I discover I don't love John back when the year is up?
John quickly unbuttons Sherlock's suit and shirt and presses his ear to Sherlock's chest.
Was that better?
That may be true.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Sherlock squirts some shampoo out onto his hand and stands before John.
(happily reaching for it)
AUDREY
Or... yes to hanky-panky, and you sleep in late tomorrow morning, and I watch Rosie while you take a late-morning jog. Hmmm?
I do not!
NAZIR
SHERLOCK
Oh God, Sherlock!!
SHERLOCK
Stop ogling my boyfriend, please!
SHERLOCK
(sighing)
In my room. Now.
Sherlock looks out the window, mopey. John enters and settles into his chair with a contented exhale and picks up a nearby book.
Please proceed, big brother.
NAZIR
(quietly)
No, John. There's no logical reason for it to be pounding like this when you are in a state of rest unless you are having a heart--
SHERLOCK
John skids into view at the archway and pokes his head in the sitting room, with a confused smile.
SHERLOCK
I truly don't know.
(looking back at notes)
Oh God! Please tell me this is okay for you.
John smiles brightly at Angeline.
For six months, my brother estimates. He's never wrong.
LESTRADE
SHERLOCK
John smiles and walks back to his chair.
Sherlock, am I going to have an overdose?
Sherlock IS surprised.
I'm going to see Eurus tomorrow.
A group of smaller scenes. John goes shopping. Sherlock has mixed feelings about John's purchases. There are two Mycroft interludes. We take a break from sexual acts in this chapter, to the disappointment of one consulting detective in particular (and perhaps a few readers as well).
You indicated that you have sought out advice from others about this matter.
Oh my God!
(more calmly)
But of course you love John, Sherlock. Don't be daft.
"There's a lot to unpack there, as my therapist might say," John chuckled, and then added, "But I must point out that your eavesdropping was a bit off the mark."
Not good enough. We need something that will bring things to a stop immediately.
You said you came for a friendly chat... so what'cha want to talk about?
Mycroft gives a sad smile.
Well... that is a risk.
Doubt it.
Oh, you liked that, did you? You like a little dirty talk?
AUDREY
EVEN LATER SAME NIGHT
SHERLOCK
I'm intrigued to hear what you gleaned from my statements.
(with impish grin)
Sherlock dims the sitting room lights and heads to the kitchen. He glances back one more time at John's sleeping figure before disappearing to the back of the flat.
SHERLOCK
John grasps Sherlock's sleeve to stop him, to make Sherlock face him. He searches Sherlock's face for a response.
LESTRADE
John snickers to himself with delight as yet another text comes in.
Oh? Yes, that would be fine.
(happily)
ROSIE
Sherlock enters and sees John (in running gear) and Rosie stretching on the rug.
LESTRADE
Too tired to go upstairs.
John walks back into the sitting room and exhales in disappointment. He happens to look over at the bookshelf. Something on the top shelf catches his eye. He walks over to the shelf and tries to reach up for it. No luck.
Okay, luvs, we'll get a wiggle on.
"Six months. Six months undercover in Eastern Europe, " John pondered, " 'Six months, Mycroft estimates, and he’s never wrong', you said. " John stared Sherlock intently in the eye. "You weren’t coming back from this one, were you?"
Our usual suspects are Columbia, Bolivia, and Peru...The label is written in English and Spanish, which supports that theory...
But it's an emergency!
Perhaps so.
Irene walks over and closes the door behind John with a disgruntled sigh.
Ah. I see that you have become rather cocky living with a detective.
Let's see... S. Holmes, M. Hudson, M. Hooper, H. Watson... and Audrey here.
John grins at this.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Oh, hi Sherlock! Fancy seeing you here. On another one of your shopping sprees today?
SHERLOCK
"The library will be happy to have this back, won't they?" he mused as he stuffed it in his bag.
Mycroft gives Sherlock a disparaging look.
(winking)
Oh! Ohhh...
Sherlock looks annoyed, but does not counter.
I thought you said your name was Greg?
(mumbling to self)
SHERLOCK
Sherlock catapults down the steps two at a time. Mrs. Hudson opens the floor to her flat and Sherlock busts past her.
Yes, in fact, I am.
SHERLOCK
Why don't Irene's normal texts have that bloody alert anymore, hm?
Yep, bye.
Perfectly fine surveillance, Sherlock. With you two acting like an old married couple for a decade now, how could anyone tell the difference?
Back in the morgue... arrived this morning in a few pieces. It's your lucky day, Sherlock.
ALDER:  BEST OF LUCK LUV. KEEP ME POSTED
Oh! Well, okay then... I don't mind.
SHERLOCK
Aaahhh!
Planning to discuss some of life's mysteries with your brother, hm?
Hello, John.
Could we perhaps discuss this another time, if you please? It is more than I can take at the moment.
MOLLY
Sherlock stand by the bed, tapping his lip as he contemplates.
It's nothing, John. Now to work... These must come off.
MRS HUDSON
Good detective work, Rosie. Now, back to breakfast.
SHERLOCK
(rolling eyes)
You're tired after your escapades. Time for you to rest.
John finally turns to look at him, quizzically.
What's come over you tonight, John? First the feet thing and now this?
SHERLOCK
Oh my God, this is absurd.
I will.
Rosie is too engrossed in her blueberries to respond.
Sherlock! What have I told you about going through people's things?
Yes, you are.
"I flirt
Over the years, Sherlock had envisioned many things about a first kiss with John: that it would be sweet and a little awkward, that John's lips would be soft and warm, and that John would, of course, be more experienced. But he also made a grave miscalculation: he had not factored in John's response, the ardor of John's returning kiss, and Sherlock thus hadn't foreseen the devastating and euphoric effect it would have on his own heart, body, and soul. Sherlock broke off the kiss with extreme reluctance and rested his head against the backrest, recovering his breath.
Yours are often checked, or plaid, occasionally tartan. Although not today.
(worried)
What do you get out of Rosie and I moving in?
(jumping out of his skin)
SHERLOCK
"Because you probably just OD'd," Mary suggested helpfully, "You should be in hospital. Hm?"
(exasperated)
I'm Sherlock!
John sits up in a hurry. Sherlock rolls onto his back, annoyed.
Sherlock drops his fingertips from his lips and a smile spreads across his face as he looks at John.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Oooooo... potties!
You would know.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
-- And this bleeding bag is right there on the dresser --
Sherlock, permit me to move my finger around a bit?
I've already arranged it with Audrey.
John's eyes boiled with anger.
Okay?
Sherlock stands up stiffly.
All the signs are there.
Good.
Does faking one's own death and showing up two years later ruin a friendship?
SHERLOCK
It's admirable how you've tried to tackle all your addictions at once... I know it hasn't been easy, Sherlock.
Sherlock obliges with a batch of kisses. He lightly teases John, pulling away from each kiss a little early, leaving John a bit wanting. John slips his hand down his own pajama pants to fondle his hardening cock.
MYCROFT
SHERLOCK
Jesus, you probably expended more energy and money investigating the date than I spent planning it.
I forgot to put it away!
Sherlock opens the door carefully. He already has a frown on his face. He notes the red pants still sitting in the same spot; his expression doesn't change. He closes the door softly.
As slowly as you need... as slowly as you want.
(catching breath)
IRENE
MRS HUDSON
There!
SHERLOCK
Sherlock spreads them and John kneels in the space created. With an appraising smile, he leans over Sherlock and places one hand on either side of Sherlock's arms.
John!
(seeming crushed)
John glares at him even harder.
I love you dearly, but this chronic lack of self confidence in yourself is maddening and tiresome...
Sherlock freezes, alarmed that he's let his true feelings slip; but John decides to let him off the hook.
Sherk!
(falteringly)
(misinterpreting, immediately ceases kisses)
(clasping Sherlock)
(setting down glasses and book)
Sherlock, contrary to instructions, intensifies his sucking, tipping John over the edge.
Much obliged, Sherlock. Bye, Rosie! See you soon.
MRS HUDSON
ROSIE
Really? Because the last time I was at Irene's there were Vatican Cameos all over the place!
(listing them off on his fingers)
Sherlock grins coyly and leans over John to reach for the lubricant on the side table. John carefully watches Sherlock's face as Sherlock squeezes out some lube on his long fingers. But when Sherlock catches him in the act, John looks away bashfully. Sherlock's grin grows.
LESTRADE
(inhaling deeply for clarity)
Maybe. Can't remember.
SHERLOCK
(narrowing eyes)
Sherlock jumps up, excited.
I WANTED you to kiss me.
"I won't soon forget that day, John," Sherlock quipped.
Hmm, I see. You may not physically join him on cases anymore... but he still comes to you quite often for advice, does he not?
NAZIR
John walks out of the bathroom, naked. (They red pants are now in desperate need of a wash.) He contemplates putting on some pajamas, but decides he'll sleep naked tonight. He gets in under the covers carefully, as to not wake Sherlock. It doesn't work.
Exactly.
John closed his eyes to hold back emotion. He held his breath and leaned in towards Sherlock. He gave Sherlock a simple kiss.
INT. 221B BAKER STREET - SITTING ROOM - MORNING
Not really.
You most likely already know all this, but here goes: I am a child of holocaust survivors, I was mostly raised in the US but I've lived everywhere, attended Harvard and then ended up doing doctoral work at Oxford. Yes, I have taught clinical psychology at Oxford as well as at a number of different universities large and small. I have written some books but I enjoy teaching much more. I also enjoy practicing my trade. I have two children and five grandchildren.
I know what a date is.
They would have to call the emergency list then... half of Scotland Yard's on it now, so I think she'd be in good hands, don't you?
SHERLOCK
Have ALL your clients succumbed to these apparent overdoses?
John blows a gasket when he discovers something in Sherlock's room. There's some drama.
DR HERSCHER
Thank you, but we're heading in the same direction, actually.
SHERLOCK
You better! Your next appointment is at 1:30 sharp. Don't dilly dally, Dr. Watson.
John sighed, but felt an idea pop into his head. “Look, Sherlock, it’s been an emotional night for both of us, and I think we’re both a bit overwhelmed. Why don’t you come with me upstairs, and after Rosie goes back to sleep, we, um…” It felt like the tips of his ears were on fire. “We can kiss more, or not, if you don’t want, on my bed. Or just--hold each other, and see what feels right. If that makes sense?” he asked, cringing at his awkwardness.
“None at all?”
“Nonsense,” Sherlock said.
his brain supplied unhelpfully. His mind went blank on what to do for a second, but remembered what he liked, and figured Sherlock would like it, too. His tongue swirled around the head slowly, dragging over the flushed, sensitive skin. He curled his left hand around the base of Sherlock’s cock, squeezing it. His right hand was still on Sherlock’s thigh, and he felt it trembling. John looked up at Sherlock.
“I think I should explain,” he said and slowly sat down on the edge of the mattress at the foot of the bed. His gulp was audible. “I wasn’t ready,” he confessed, looking down at his shoes. “I never wanted all this before you. I tried denying that I’m capable of love for years. It frightens me. I pretended I didn’t hear you because of my fear, not because I didn’t return your feelings. The thought of you wanting me--I was so overwhelmed I fled.”
Sherlock’s head jerked up, eyes wide in astonishment.
“John was drugged, Mary,” Sherlock told her, unfazed. “Two men tried to attack them, but I drove them off.”
“Does that mean you’re moving back in with Sherlock?” she asked bluntly.
“I did not,” Sherlock said lowly, now beginning to grow defensive and angry. He didn’t like when people made assumptions about his feelings, especially not John, especially not after yesterday.
But it wasn’t this Mary, and it wasn’t this Sherlock. He really hated this. He
“I do. Well, no. I don’t know.”
John moved away, but only slightly, and the warm, solid weight of his shoulder and thigh remained pressed against Sherlock’s. He adjusted the blanket and stretched out his legs, feet under the coffee table.
John took in his surroundings, and it wasn’t until then that he noticed the blanket draped over his and Sherlock’s laps. He wondered how it got there, because he didn’t remember grabbing it--he didn’t even remember falling asleep--but then he saw a tea tray on the coffee table, and realized Mrs. Hudson must have been here. His head fell back against the sofa cushion. Well, that wasn’t embarrassing at
John wasn’t sure he would ever get used to Sherlock flirting with him. He giggled in surprise. “What a genius you are.”
misunderstood and hurt him. He was
Not thinking worked, because before he knew it, they were at Baker Street. He kept his eyes straight ahead and unlocked the door, going up the stairs to his flat with rigid, robotic movements. It felt like someone was repeatedly sticking a pin into his heart. When he got inside of the flat, he turned around to face John.
It felt good to have John across from him again. “Unfortunately, no,” he said. “I would have told you if there was a case.”
Sherlock curled against his side, placing his head on his chest. “Is this okay?” he asked.
“Sorry about that,” he said self-consciously. He really did come all over him, and as hot as that was, it was still embarrassing. It was their bloody first time.
John looked down at him, face suddenly growing serious. “Was it?”
His heart clenched painfully.
John swallowed and winced. “Greg, turn that bloody thing off.”
Sherlock retracted his hand and held the washcloth in his lap. “I grabbed my revolver before I ran down the steps, and all it took was the barrel of my gun in their faces to scare them off. I don’t know what their agenda was, but I imagine they were working for someone. I brought you upstairs after they fled.”
It was embarrassing, but John heard him confess his love to a serial killer, so he had nothing to lose. “Just be with me,” he said meekly.
“With pleasure,” another man said darkly.
John scratched the back of his neck. “Sherlock?”
Sherlock hummed in agreement.
“Probably,” he agreed. He bit his lip. “No recovered memories?”
Sherlock wanted to believe him.
, either,” he said through gritted teeth. He kicked off his shoes and tugged off his jacket. He left everything on the floor, not feeling motivated to put anything together at the moment. He got on the bed and gathered Rosie into his arms, holding her to his chest. He pulled down the hood of her bunny onesie, and caressed her golden hair. “Things were supposed to start to get better,” he said quietly.
“Whuz wrong?” Sherlock slurred next to him.
“I think I’m going to go talk to her now,” John said, standing up. “I’m going to head out. I’ll probably be back later.”
Everyone thought that Sherlock would go back to drugs, so Mrs. Hudson and Mycroft kept an eye on him like he was a child. Logically, he couldn’t blame them; he nearly died when John left him after Mary’s death. He hadn’t been that bad since his youth. He had let himself go completely, his cheekbones jutting out of his face, his jaw stubbled, deep, dark circles under his eyes, and his hair unwashed and greasy. He looked the same way now, but not because he was high. Sherlock simply didn’t see the point of taking care of himself when he felt so terrible, and when he hurt John so badly. He felt like spending his days high was too good for him, so he wallowed in his misery completely sober. He ate enough to live, but not anything more. He spent his days curled up in John’s armchair, letting television turn his brain into mush. He slept often because being unconscious was easier, but none of the slumber was restful. He was perpetually exhausted.
John shut off the lamp, determined to ignore the anxiety in his chest and just try to let things be normal for once. It was just sharing a bed. They loved each other, right? This would be fine. He lay down on his back, aware of Sherlock’s eyes on him.
Or did she?
“I thought so,” John said smugly.
John exhaled sharply out his mouth, sounding like he was going to cry, but the tears in his eyes did not leak. “I did like it,” he whispered. “Very, very much.” He licked his lips. “Thank you.”
Of course he noticed. “Well,” John felt his face grow warm, “how do you know it’s lust?”
John cupped Sherlock’s warm cheek. “It’s not that, but it felt like you were rushing.”
“Yeah, it is.” He gestured to the laptop in his lap. “I was just reading about what the press had to say about the Guy Fawkes thing, and it was like you said. I think reading the details jogged my memory a bit. I remember going down there with you, and the press interviewing you outside of the flat ‘cause you’d just returned from the dead.”
They spent the next three days not quite sure how to behave around each other, John mainly taking care of Rosie, and Sherlock more or less keeping to himself. It seemed like neither of them knew how to live together anymore. The last time John lived in this flat was when Sherlock was recovering from Mary's bullet. The thought squeezed John’s heart.
Sherlock said forcefully, looking at John with fire in his eyes.
John abruptly raised his fist in the air, and he was about to punch the fucking wall.
Sherlock’s throat tightened and he felt like he was going to combust. His brain short-circuited and he hid his face in John’s neck, closing his eyes when John cradled him to his chest. “I know,” he said roughly, breathing deeply through the stinging in his eyes.
Sherlock nodded, eyes downcast. “Okay,” he said, voice more high-pitched than normal, slightly scratchy.
Sherlock gnawed at the inside of his cheek.
Sherlock hears from John.
John bit his lip as he supported Sherlock’s weight and moved up to the next step. He prepared himself for a mini argument. “You really think you should stand for that long?”
He smiled back at her. “Very good. See?”
“Let’s go.”
John broke the kiss. “You okay?” he slurred, blinking sluggishly with arousal, his face red.
Sherlock nodded silently. In that way, she was more dangerous. He rested his cheek against the top of John’s head, thinking. They would have to make it clear to Mary that they were ready for any nonsense revenge plot she could possibly plan. They had to threaten her somehow. Sherlock didn’t want to physically threaten her, though. He didn’t know how John would feel about that, and although he shot Magnussen in the head, it wasn’t something he was proud of, and he wished there could have been a way around it.
His eyes shot open and he gasped.
“Love you, too,” he mumbled. They should have sorted everything out before. This was nice. John’s body on his was nice. It was comfortable. They should do this more often. His breathing slowed and his mind was beautifully silent. He felt safe and loved.
“Hurts,” Sherlock croaked out, his hand sluggishly moving to his bandage.
“Why are you so surprised?” Sherlock asked. “You always wanted a family.” John never explicitly told him this, but he deduced it.
He got bitter when he was tired. A swirling bubble of misery encompassed his heart.
Sherlock made a grunt of displeasure. “Come on, John.”
. Better than any time together in recent memory. He didn’t know he would enjoy kissing so much, but he should have. Of course kissing John would be pleasurable, and he got to do it whenever he wanted now--as long as John believed they were married. Damn it, his mind couldn’t stop going back to the ugly truth. He knew it would come out sooner or later, but he decided he couldn’t tell John without devastating him, so he would ride with it as long as possible. If that were the case, then he should try to enjoy their relationship to the fullest until its end. He could commit what a relationship with John was like to memory before it was gone.
But he regretted saying that, because Sherlock’s eyes flickered down. “Right. Apologies.” He walked into the kitchen.
“Where’s John?” he questioned. “You wouldn’t have this conversation with me if John were around.”
“John?”
That was it.
Sherlock brought John to his chest and put his face in his hair again. “It was a misunderstanding. We’ve misunderstood each other for years.
It was like the world went silent, all noise from outside disappearing, and ice ran through John’s veins. There was something about the thought of discussing his failed marriage with Irene Adler, of all people, which made him want to flee from the flat. She had been able to see right through John.
Sherlock’s phone pinged with an email. He checked his emails just for something to do, even though he had no intention of taking clients anytime soon. It broke up the monotony without effort on his part.
They spent years dancing around each other, but Sherlock thought it was worth it if he could spend even a single day with John as a lover. “We have more time ahead of us.” Wait. Was he assuming? “Yes?” he asked hesitantly.
“Sherlock, they’re called ‘man’s best friend.’ It’s okay to love pets.” He didn’t remember Sherlock ever mentioning a dog. He didn’t know what Sherlock looked like as child, but he imagined a little boy with a mop of curls, hugging a dog. He didn’t feel fond at the image; he felt upset. Considering the context of their conversation, something must have happened. “Did something happen to the dog?” he asked gently.
“You’re in new clothes,” Sherlock ignored him. “And you’re clean.”
“Oh,” he said softly. As embarrassing as this was, he wasn’t going to miss an opportunity to be held by John. “Yes. I’m taller, but you usually…” He thought about what he would like. “You usually hug me from behind.”
John sighed, and thought there wasn’t much of a justification to say “no.” He didn’t think she would hurt Rosie at all; it was out of pure pettiness. John held Rosie with one arm and unstrapped her.
Sherlock’s eyes shot up. “Sorry.”
Sherlock took John’s hand from the back of his neck and quickly kissed one of his knuckles. “John, please believe me when I say that I want nothing more than to be with you. You’re everything to me, John. Let me love you.”
When laid out like that, it seemed so simple. “If you want to spend your life with me, then I’m committed to being better,” John said, “so yes. I think it can work, Sherlock. It’ll be hard.”
again, but realized they would be going in circles. Instead, he smiled bitterly, “You have no reason to.”
Sherlock looked up at him from the sofa, where he was texting on his phone.
Then, there was a heavy
Ayyyyyyyyy lol. This story was really fun to write, and I hope you enjoyed it. I do apologize for taking long to get this second part out to you, but the fandom has been bumming me out, man, so it's been difficult to find motivation. But I'll be fine. And you will be too :)
What would instantly make Sherlock weak in the knees? As much as the thought of Sherlock hard and desperate was turning John on, he didn’t think they were ready for any penetration just yet; they had to work up to it more, he thought, especially since he never did that with a man. Never doing something with a man gave John an idea. “I can suck you off.”
“Hmm.”
Sherlock got close to him again, the tips of their noses brushing. “Did you really plan on a simple ‘snog’, John?” he asked skeptically, lip curling in distaste at his use of jargon.
It almost surprised John that he immediately wanted to rush to his defense. “No, you--you had to do it. I know that now.” He cleared his throat. “I’m not happy about it, and to be honest, I still don’t know how I feel about you,” (understatement of the century), “but it’s different, Sherlock.” Mary lying about her entire past and identity was absolutely different from Sherlock lying about this.
"Why?" Sherlock asked.
John hoped she didn’t find them. “I see.”
A better question was why John wasn’t worried. “John, she knows that I told you the truth about her pregnancy. I don’t think she reacted to that news well.”
“Sounds perfect. You’re tired, though.”
He sighed heavily. “I don’t remember a year of her life.”
“2012.”
Sherlock relaxed a little, turning his face into John’s neck. “If you say so. How long have you been awake?”
But then John was looking down at his lips. “You love me?” he asked, a tinge of huskiness to his voice.
“Sherlock--”
Sherlock threw his head back with a moan, fingers digging into the arms of the chair again.
“We must work on your enunciation,” he said to her. “It’s Sher-lock. Sherlock.”
John laughed, relieved for the change in mood. “Poor woman. You must have nearly given her a heart attack.” He reached around again to wrap the gauze securely around Sherlock, his face close to the back of Sherlock’s head, the curls by his ear almost brushing John’s face.
John sat in his chair, jacket still on, and sighed in relief when he felt the heat of the fire. But here he was, three in the morning, in Sherlock’s home, showing up completely unannounced. He couldn’t just sit there. He had to make an effort at conversation.
At this point, John was used to evading these questions which were impossible to answer truthfully. “I saw you shirtless around the flat before, you know, your time away. I figured all of this had to have happened then.”
“Absolutely,” John murmured, kissing him briefly. They both had morning breath, but Sherlock didn’t really care.
“Did you think I actually wanted to?” Sherlock yelled.
“There,” Molly smiled in satisfaction. “I’ll send it to you later.”
But then Sherlock, master of diversion, said, “Mary’s looking for you.”
“No,” Sherlock said immediately, “just...emotion in general.”
Sherlock nodded silently, his features pulled down, ashamed.
“Then it’s settled.”
There was a light knock on the door. “Sherlock, dear?”
It was about a month after everything settled down and Baker Street was back in order that John came to the horrible, but not entirely shocking revelation that he absolutely hated the way his life turned out.
“Don’t come here again,” she said plainly. “Don’t come here, accept that John will not always be there every time you need him to gush over your little deductions, and keep the pregnancy thing our little secret, or I’ll tell John.”
Sherlock shook his head against the ice pack. “You saved me. That’s what matters.”
Recap:
“I am not obsessed with John,” he denied. He thought he might have been, at one point, but that obsession grew into love.
, I added a porny epilogue. So if you liked it and want tender handjobs, go read the epilogue lol.
They had a long, honestly much-needed conversation. John apologized until his mouth was dry from speech, and his knees were weak from the ache in his stomach. Sherlock accepted his apology, but insisted that he understood. Still, John tried to make it as clear as possible that Sherlock didn’t deserve an ounce of that, and he would never do it again.
“Sherlock.”
“I should thank you for--for loving me, too.” John felt like his face was on fire, head dizzy.
“She’s always welcome here,” the smile faded from Mrs. Hudson’s face. “But, is something wrong, John?”
He wanted to kiss John’s flushed cheeks. His heart beat hard in his chest. John was beautiful when he blushed. Sherlock would test the waters a bit more. “Perhaps Mary wanted to surprise you?”
Sherlock nodded. “Yes, I apologize,” he said simply, not offering an explanation. He looked at the screen. A commercial for some cleaning product was on.
“No,” John placed his hand over Sherlock’s, which was on his stomach. “You tried, and I appreciate it.” It was a nice attempt, albeit unsuccessful. “You don’t have to stay up worrying about me, though. I’ll be okay.”
“Sorry,” he muttered, scrubbing his hands over his face. “I must’ve been dreaming of...something. I dunno.” He needed another few seconds before he could look Sherlock.
“Was that so hard?”
“Come on, it’s been awhile since we’ve been on a case that wasn’t batshit insane,” he said, avoiding Sherlock’s eyes. (He had been doing that a lot lately.) “I’m out of practice with working with you, anyway.”
“Yes,” Sherlock opened his bleary eyes, tension around the corners. He swallowed. “I think what I did last night wasn’t a wise decision.”
John hadn’t thought about it. “If she stays the fuck away from me, I can still visit,” he grumbled. She had no right to judge him for staying with Mary when she was working for Moriarty in the first place. Even if she were morally correct...but since when did Irene care about morals? She only said it to get under his skin.
He sighed a little, and decided to delete all pictures of Mary from his phone while he waited for Rosie to finish.
for him. If they weren’t so emotionally exhausted he would have jumped for joy, but instead a soothing warmth was slowly flowing through his veins. Was this what happiness felt like? It had been so long. “Sherlock, I
Sherlock’s legs felt shaky.
Somehow, that snapped something inside of him. “No!” he exclaimed, startling John. His heart was sinking. “We’ve waited so long, John,” he said brokenly. “We finally have this opportunity--we can’t waste it!” He was dimly aware that he was starting to sound frantic. “I can do it, John, I promise.” He had to do this for John. They were apart for so much time, so many years. “I’m not and idiot, I can do it--”
John's mouth opened with a pant, "Fucking hell, Sherlock. I really can't believe I doubted you. You're the most caring man I ever met."
“I see. So, you’ve never been with a man?”
“But I wasn’t,” he cut in. “I hurt you because I was angry at myself. I was angry for being a shit husband and I took it out on you. That wasn’t right, Sherlock. Why don’t you ever stand up for yourself?”
But John was tired of their aborted conversations. “Talk to me, Sherlock. You should at least tell me what the fuck was going on in your head. You did it to protect us--yeah, I get it, and for some reason, you didn’t want me with you--”
Sherlock sniffed, ducking his head and wiping his eye with his wrist. “Sorry for crying,” he muttered.
(See the end of the chapter for
The smile instantly dropped. “What?”
. If you want s4 John interacting with s3 Sherlock, there ya go.
John looked down. “Oh, yeah.” He grabbed a few tissues from the box on the bedside table and wiped himself off, throwing the used tissues on the floor.
“How badly do these hurt?” John asked quietly as he worked. “Tell me the truth.”
“Yes, it is a banana,” John said in confusion. “You took her out of bed?” he asked Sherlock.
His chest was heaving. He didn’t know what to do. He--he had to be alone. At least for a moment. He looked around wildly and saw the door to the restroom. “I’ll be right back,” he said shakily, standing up and stalking to the door on unsteady legs. He pushed the door with enough force that it hit the wall with a bang, and he practically fled to a stall and locked himself inside. John put his arm against the door and leaned his forehead on his forearm, breathing heavily out of his open mouth.
John’s face flooded with heat when he realized he was humping in between Sherlock’s arse cheeks. His hips stilled immediately. “Shit!” he cursed, rolling onto his back and putting his hands over his face in humiliation. It was really stupid to think so much about sex before going to sleep. He must have been dreaming of sex, and he assaulted Sherlock in his sleep like some fucking animal.
She took the doll out of her mouth. “Uh?”
“I can dress myself,” he said firmly, cheeks heating.
“You want to Lestrade’s the night. Well, that night. I know you did, so he must know why you were there. You should tell him we’re together. He’s a good man, no matter how dense he is.”
Sherlock looked even more confused. “I...She seems nice, I don’t even know what she’s lying about, and I thought you were going to propose to her, so I thought you cared for her.”
“I have reasons,” Sherlock said vaguely.
John swallowed, chest feeling warm and tight. If Sherlock had said that same sentence to him a few weeks ago, John would have disagreed completely, saying everything always went wrong for him. But now? Now, he was in bed with the love of his life, with his baby daughter playing with his landlady--no--friend, downstairs. It
He must have been staring too long, because John looked back at him and raised an eyebrow. “Yes?”
John shook his head again. “Bloody overwhelmed. But, I’ll just have to get used to it, along with everything else. It’s like I’m in an alternate reality, truly.”
If John wasn’t bothered, then it would have only been suspicious for Sherlock to act out of the ordinary. He had to appear like he didn’t even notice how close they were. Now that they were watching a show they actually liked, it was less about laughing together at inane programs, and more about simply watching television, conversation falling away and being replaced with occasional chuckles. It was companionable--Sherlock could do this.
The memory made John gasp and his heart clench, and Sherlock made a questioning sound against his mouth. John lifted his hand, curled it around the back of Sherlock’s neck, and brought him closer, kissing him harder and biting down on his bottom lip. Sherlock made a surprised grunt at the sudden roughness, but John was trying too hard to keep it together to notice. He would ask Sherlock about why he said that later, but for right now, he marvelled at how far they had come, that five years ago, Sherlock wouldn’t have been doing this with him. John found himself leaning forward, causing Sherlock to press up against the armrest of the sofa, his legs long spreading and allowing John to settle between them.
John’s upper lip itched, and he scratched it, but froze when his index finger met coarse hair.
“That’s good.” His hand slid to the top of his chair, but he still didn’t sit down, and his posture was still stiff.
“I suppose it’s the least you can do,” Sherlock decided with a flush on his cheekbones he clearly pretended was not there. God, was the flush down on his chest, too?
“Go right ahead.”
“You know that’s not what I mean,” John said tiredly, but with no venom. But, Sherlock didn’t know what he actually meant. John didn’t miss Sherlock from the Fall anymore. In his timeline, he could see Sherlock every day, but it felt like there was an entire universe between them which could never be crossed. He really,
“I noticed you bouncing your knee as you sat 4.6 times more than usual,” Sherlock commented.
John laughed a little. “’Cause it was hell watching someone else catch your attention like that. I thought she was the only person you could have feelings for.”
John started to feel himself get hard. “Let’s take off each other’s clothes,” he whispered in his ear, “so we’re equal, yeah?”
Fuck. “I’m--not mad at you,” he lied. He was mad, but not at this Sherlock. Why did the other one lie to him? Why did he want John to believe Mary was anything but a killer? Why did Sherlock allow him to go back to her? Why did he encourage it by bringing them to his parents’ house? Why?!
John couldn’t remember the last time he had someone cuddle up against him like this; he and Mary slept as far apart from each other as possible on their bed for the entirety of their marriage. He didn’t exactly know how he and Sherlock ended up in this position, but it didn’t surprise him that his body sought out Sherlock’s, and, well, Sherlock was touch-deprived, wasn’t he? His body probably wanted any old touch and not John’s specifically. Hell, he apparently didn’t intend the clean-shaven comment to be flirtatious yesterday…
“Hm?” John hummed dimly.
“Yeah,” John responded, his words sounding a little garbled.
“Can we kiss?”
“Don’t be sorry for anything,” John said sincerely, his heart tearing in half. “Don’t ever be sorry for loving, Sherlock.” His pulse was galloping, but he was going to do it. No more secrets or misunderstandings. No more unhappy Sherlock. He had been so terribly, painfully afraid of being rejected by Sherlock and ruining their friendship forever, but now that John knew how he felt, there was no reason for him to hold back. His took Sherlock’s (now sweating) hands and placed them on his waist.
“What is it?” she asked. “Are you injured?”
John meets Rosie
“Why do I keep fucking up?” he asked himself, not paying any mind to the visitors and nurses passing by. Why was he such a fucking screw up?
The next day, after a walk through the park to clear his head and let Rosie have some fresh air, John was pushing her pram into the building. The walk had put her to sleep. He looked down at her, cheeks flushed pink from the cool, early spring air, the hood to her little blue coat pulled up and pushing her golden hair into her face. She looked like a doll, and John smiled fondly. She seemed to forgive him for his outburst the other day--that or she simply forgot about it--and he was grateful. As awful as he felt, she did give him joy. He only wished he could feel joy with Sherlock, too. John was about to take her out and bring her upstairs when he heard Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson talking, the sounds of their voices coming from her flat a few feet away.
“Yeah, me too.” His arms tightened around his waist. “I hate that we lost so much time.”
“Are you sure--?”
Sherlock failed to bite his lip and hold back his bright smile. “I know.”
He couldn’t deny it. “Aren’t you? She shot me when I tried to help her. You think she’d take this quietly?”
Was it bad that John wanted him to pass out and forget about this?
“Hang on,” Lestrade said, lowering his voice. “Does he still have amnesia?”
Was he disappointed because he didn’t get to go on the case?
John rubbed his eyes.
John’s bulge was pressing against his zipper. “Okay. I won’t do anything too involved. I think we’re both a little too hard for much more build up.”
“Much, thank you.”
John chuckled, pressing a brief kiss to his lips. “I prefer ‘gorgeous’, but I guess ‘aesthetically pleasing’ gets the point across all the same.”
"You did," he murmured, tone warm like honey. "No one's ever done that for me before. Send me stuff. It was nice. You." His ears turned rosy. "You made me feel--wanted, in a way Mary never has."
John was awake and watching television when Sherlock came in. He smiled lightly. “Hello.”
“I should leave you to it,” John said, not wanting to be caught staring at him with fondness. But, he felt
“I took the pictures,” he said.
“Yes. But, can I--?”
But, the knowledge of the other timeline didn’t dampen the excitement they felt on the case, and this time, it really was just the two of them against the rest of the world. John would go back home to Baker Street--not Mary’s, and it was blissfully refreshing.
“Wanna go to bed?” John whispered in his ear.
“Nanananana,” Rosie said and reached out her hand.
He saw the top of someone’s head, their hair dark and done up in a bun. The head turned, and bright red lips were smiling at him.
“No,” he said, voice scratchy, “the last thing I remember is sitting alone in the flat a few days after your funeral.”
Although it was not new information, hearing it out loud did fill John with the tiniest bit of warmth. “But why didn’t you let me in on your plan at any point? Did you not trust me that much?”
Mycroft’s mouth was caught between trying to look impassive and concealing a scowl. “You need to go back to my brother. Your ex-girlfriend is on the loose, and I need to keep you two as safe as possible. Sherlock is now in a flat with an elderly woman, recovering from a wound that should have been fatal. I don’t know what happened between you two, although I can take a good guess,” his eyes scanned John’s face, uncannily similar to the way Sherlock did it, “but whatever’s upsetting you will be useless if you or my brother wind up dead,” he said sharply.
John texted this all to Sherlock, and Sherlock only texted back support, or how much support he could muster. He didn’t tell John that there was probably never a baby, and that it was a tad too convenient that as soon as John was away and couldn’t go to the hospital with her, and as soon as Sherlock became truly suspicious, Mary dropped this bombshell. Sherlock was 99.7% certain he was right, and he hated her even more for it. He knew why she faked this as well, obviously. If she were never pregnant, she couldn’t fake labor and magically produce a baby.
Sherlock turned off the lamp. He stared down at John, wondering what he ever did to deserve being met with this look of affection. (Nothing. He did nothing.) He curled his fingers and stroked his knuckles over John’s cheek. “You’re tired,” he murmured. “I’m not bothered.”
John’s heart was in his throat and his legs were rooted to the floor. He was speechless.
“Oh.” John didn’t know what to say. He never felt this vulnerable before. “Was it obvious? You know,” he waved his hand, “my--preferences?”
Sherlock blinked a couple times and turned his attention back to Rosie. “Do you always feed her this slowly?” he asked nervously. “It’s tedious.”
“I promise,” Sherlock said into his hair.
“Yeah,” John sighed, his exhale somewhat shaky. “Yeah.”
“What’s that?”
A big, gaping hole filled John’s chest. “Right. Yeah.” He took his hands out of his pockets. “Sorry,” he mumbled. He was going to tell Sherlock to get some sleep, but humiliation stopped any more words from former on his tongue. He left the room, and went to bed with one thought on his mind: Sherlock did want someone--a man, too--just not him.
Sherlock’s heart thumped painfully. “I never want to leave you,” he told him truthfully, hand squeezing his shoulder.
Sherlock patted his forehead with the damp washcloth again. “What they gave you was strong. You’ve been out for hours.”
“Oh, it’s not out of hatred, or revenge. It just makes me…” he sighed in bliss, “incredibly happy.”
“You keep her there too long.”
“Mm?” John hummed purposefully, satisfied when Sherlock gasped. He tasted the saltiness of pre-come (
“Not really. Distract me,” he puckered his lips and shut his eyes.
“You’re welcome. Do you need help putting these on?”
“Sherlock,” Lestrade looked at him in the rearview mirror, “sure you don’t need to go to a hospital?” His tone was light, or at least attempting to be. He knew Sherlock didn’t like to be coddled (by anyone but John, at least).
John whipped around, and the blood drained from his face. Irene was coming from Sherlock’s bedroom. John turned back around, staring at the floor, a ball of anxiety smashing into his chest. She--she did that before. Back then, he and Sherlock came home to find her in his bed. She liked to get a rise out of people. It didn’t have to mean anything.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and walked into the sitting room.
“You don’t know that,” she said, setting the laundry basket down onto the floor.
Oh, by the way, if you've been on tumblr you've probably seen that the fandom isn't the happiest place right now. If you still like the show and want to be happy about what's good about it, please feel free to stop by my blog and chat or something.  It's still my favorite show, and I know that a lot of blogs are bashing the show 24/7. If you're like me and genuinely can't handle that stress right now, then we can ignore what we didn't like about season 4 together lol
John cleared his throat, ashamed, and looked down. “Not her,” he said darkly. “I’d think they came from Anderson before I’d think they came from her.”
“It’s the morphine, Sherlock.”
John’s mouth opened, then he cleared his throat. “Sorry, I, um, forgot we had a baby for a minute. Just woke up and all.”
He heard John give a small snort. “You really are thirsty.” He cleared his throat. “I’m going to go now--”
“Yeah.” He carried her up the steps, and as he got closer to the door, he heard people talking, and cringed internally when he heard Irene’s voice. Well, whatever. He’d just have to stop acting like  a baby for one day and celebrate the actual baby in the room. When he entered the room, he was greeted by Mrs. Hudson and Molly--well, actually, he wasn’t greeted, but Rosie was.
“Aha!” John smacked his exposed arse, drawing a yelp from Sherlock.
He sighed a little. “It wasn’t, but it was worth it. I was resistant for so long, but only because I knew…” He sighed again, looking down at the sheets. “I knew I couldn’t do any of this without sentiment being involved.”
his mind corrected, and John’s throat felt so tight that he gagged. He took a long, deep breath. Vomiting in bed was not good. He pulled the duvet off his head, hoping cool air would fend off the wave of nausea in his gut and throat.
Sherlock blinked. No, he wouldn’t have, actually. He knew himself.
He took a deep breath. “Don’t. I know what you’re thinking. My body may need time to heal, but my mind does not. I told you I want to move on. Please. I know how you feel about it, and you don’t need to say anything more.”
Sherlock did, and in a swift movement that would have been sexy in another scenario, John easily swooped Sherlock off his feet. John was holding him bridal style, and Sherlock rested his head against his shoulder and closed his eyes, his body aching, head pounding, nose and mouth bleeding from Mary’s punches, throat sore. From what he heard, members of the Yard had to be outside, but he legitimately didn’t have the energy to protest being carried like this in front of them. He felt John walking, and the cool breeze of spring hit him when they got outside. Still wet from the bucket of water, he trembled.
John remembered when Sherlock told Lestrade that his date wasn’t
“You okay?”
“She could only have a little bit,” John said, although he liked the image of Mrs. Hudson baking for Rosie.
John looked conflicted, like he wanted to agree with Sherlock, and wanted to follow his own moral guideline. Sherlock couldn’t help but feel fondness at this. His John never changed.
John wasn’t sure if he believed her, but more importantly, he really didn’t know if he wanted Rosie in this woman’s arms. “Why are you even here?” he asked again.
And yet...he could try, couldn’t he? He could try to make things like they were before. It would be even harder now with the memories of his timeline burned into his mind, but Sherlock wanted to start a new chapter of his life with John. He couldn’t act like a depressed, pouting child.
It surprised Sherlock, too. “John!” he yelled into his palm.
Sherlock nodded, balling up the gauze and throwing it into the trash bin in the corner of the room. “That’s better. Anyway, how do you feel, about all of this?”
“He always drinks too much!” Mary said in exasperation. “He texted me to come get him before he passed out!”
Sherlock looked up at him from under his lashes. “If you’re with me, then I won’t be,” he said honestly.
John shook his head, incredulous. “I don’t...What?”
As John left the flat and slowly made his way down the steps, he heard Irene ask, “What did happen to his wife, anyway? He still wears a ring.”
that came from below, and John was on his feet, running down the steps. The sitting room was dark, but when he flipped on the light, the room was empty, along with the kitchen. The bathroom door was open, revealing no one inside. John ran to Sherlock’s bedroom, flinging the door open.
Fair enough. John remembered not wanting to talk about Afghanistan, and...hell, did he even want to talk about Afghanistan now? “I wasn’t going to ask,” John lied as he carefully laid out the long strip over three deep wounds. “Talk to me about anything.”
“Oh, yeah, yeah, right.” He cautiously hugged her to his chest. “Erm, it’s all right, I’m back.”
“No more apologizing,” he muttered.
John frowned a little. “I may have been, and still kinda am still pissed at you for that, but,” he snorted, smiling shyly (a shy smile from John? Sherlock was fascinated by the sight), “I guess I can’t stay away from you.”
The smirk fled from Sherlock’s face. “I was?”
Of course he can't stay away from Baker Street :P
,” Sherlock shook his head.
“It really doesn’t,” John agreed.
If only he knew how sociopathic he really was. The warmth in his chest from earlier was fading.
John closed his eyes.
John almost choked on his coffee when he opened up a text from Sherlock to reveal a picture of a dead body.
“I did,” he said shakily. “It was part of a plan, but I wanted you to like it.”
“Oh, right,” Sherlock removed his arms from John’s neck and unbuttoned his coat.
Sherlock bit his lip. He took off his coat and scarf, looking at John carefully. “Are you okay?”
Sherlock internally screamed at his brain,
John rolled his eyes, getting back on the bed. “You’re picking that up later.”
“You have,” Sherlock confirmed cautiously. “Once. I don’t like my brain being compromised, so I rarely drink alcohol. It was awful.”
“What’re you doing?” John asked against his lips.
“Why not?”
“Want to take your shirt off? Are you hot?” John asked.
“We’re completely over,” John told her sternly. “I’m going home. To Sherlock.”
“I really do,” John told him, rubbing the top of his hand soothingly. “It’ll be okay, I promise.”
Sherlock’s smile fell. “John, what is it? Is it shock?” He supposed being unconscious for two weeks would do that.
“Like bloody hell I will,” he muttered, intending to close his eyes and try to go back to sleep, away from this cruel world.
He shrugged. “What, can you blame me? You’re a piece of work.”
“Mmm, nice view,” John commented, slapping his buttock.
John was fiddling around with his medical kit, not looking at Sherlock. “They’re, er, going to question Mary. Where she got the sedative she shot into you, and all that rot.” John looked at him, eyes shining with unshed tears.
Sherlock shook his head. “But, it isn’t just your well-being--don’t misunderstand me, John; I always care about you and if you’re all right, but I’m a selfish man, too. You were only my friend then, and--you saw my face, John. I was terrified when you were in such danger.”
Sherlock could picture it now. First, John would be confused, but then he would mourn over the dead wife he couldn’t even remember. He would look at old pictures of her, especially the ones of her with Rosie when she was first born, and wish that he remembered her. He would then feel guilty all over again for cheating on his wife who then went and took a bullet for his friend before he could come clean. Sherlock wasn’t sure if he would be able to take that. He wouldn’t be able to handle John mourning and moping for the woman who was the cause of the scar on his chest and the worst rift in their relationship ever. Their relationship had been recovering when Sherlock came back from the dead in 2014, and their downfall had been because of her. Sleep-deprived, hungry, and shocked, Sherlock could admit to himself that he just could not
“Yeah,” John said. He’d never realized how large Sherlock’s hands were until last night, but his own was being completely enveloped right now. It was unexpectedly nice. Sherlock’s skin was warm and soft.
“John’s a private man,” Mary said. “Maybe it’s someone he knew from the army, but doesn’t want to talk about, although he’s told me all about Sholto.”
Sherlock spent three weeks lying around. Mrs. Hudson and Mycroft kept visiting, but he was as anti-social to Mycroft as possible. He adored Mrs. Hudson, but he wasn’t in the mood to talk. There was nothing more to say. He started to take better care of himself just so she would stop coming up to the flat so frequently. He shaved and showered regularly now, but he was too thin, he could admit. But food had no taste anymore, and his appetite was gone, His entire body felt hollow. Sleep did not replenish his energy. Food did not satisfy the cramping in his stomach. Drinking water and tea didn’t stop the shaking of his hands. He almost felt like a ghost living in his own flat, just floating around aimlessly. He didn’t know where to go from here. Work wouldn’t be the same without John, and his only other friends were rightly angry with him. Lestrade, Molly, and Mrs. Hudson were told all about it. A small, childlike part of him hoped Mycroft hadn’t told his parents.
John hummed thoughtfully. “Yeah, I guess we are.”
“I never expected you to be so bashful,” John commented. “You don’t get like this when I praise your intelligence.”
And then his life became waiting for John’s response.
John got back into bed, lying on the pillows again, taking the phone with him.
“Indeed,” he said grimly. He pictured Mary coming in and killing them while they were kissing in the sitting room, or having dinner together, or while they were in bed. She would like making a scene like that. She was an ex-agent. She could break into 221B if she really wanted to. Sherlock felt unsafe in his own home.
, that's finished!
John had just witnessed Sherlock during an emotional crisis a little while ago, and picturing that amount of grief and pain in an eight year-old child, alone in his room, made him want to punch the living daylights out of Mycroft and scream, kick, and shout. He wanted to march up to God himself and bash his head in for putting that much weight on a child’s shoulders, setting him off on a course of self-preservation and destruction. John was hardly able to handle Sherlock’s death as an adult; he couldn’t imagine that much pain for a child to bear, and he supposed that was the point. Sherlock didn’t deal with any of the pain, but shut himself off.
“Interesting,” Sherlock said. “Who do you think they’re from?”
John thought with a wave of sympathy.
“Why?” Sherlock opened his eyes.
Sherlock huffed a breath out of his nose, his impatience showing. “I know it’s bothering you, John, but they’re just dreams.”
John was confused. He thought Sherlock would have been uncomfortable around him today, or at the very least, act like it didn’t happen. But he was acting as happy as he was before he got shot. Perhaps Sherlock was touched by John’s fumbling statement? When he had told Sherlock to pursue Irene, he got a completely different response, but now he knew why. Sherlock’s current mood could have been due to John no longer misunderstanding him, and saying he should be with anyone (a man.
Sherlock calls for some help.
That didn’t exactly make John feel good, but he agreed.
Okay, I am so sorry for what happened with the first chapter of this story.
“Leave,” he commanded sharply, feeling like his heart could shatter.
“Ah,” he said uncomfortably.
“Is she normally this calm?” John asked.
Three months later, Sherlock and John walked away from the courthouse hand-in-hand. They didn’t even look at Mary as she was put into a police car. They decided that, no, they didn’t want Mycroft to handle it all for them, and instead wanted her to face consequences from the law itself. Her drugging, kidnapping, and assault done to Sherlock were only the tip of the iceberg to the jury compared to her crimes as an assassin (and, okay, they did get Mycroft’s help with that). Sherlock had given his own testimony as if reciting the facts of any case--devoid of emotion. Mary didn’t deserve his sadness.
“But you’re laughing,” John teased, smirking and pulling his hips closer. He nosed at Sherlock’s cheek. “And you’re blushing.”
John turned on his side with a sigh, closing his eyes. Now really wasn’t the time to think about this. After a couple minutes, the cries died down on the baby monitor, and a couple minutes after that, Sherlock came back to bed, kissing John’s shoulder before he curled up behind him.
“Not as good of a shot as you think you are,” John winked at her, his stomach curling with indecent delight. He deserved this smugness, he thought.
“John,” Sherlock plucked a string on his instrument. “There you are.”
John smiled a little. “I don’t think it’s sexy, either. It’s a nasty feeling.”
in front of John would be a million times worse. But, it couldn’t be avoided if he were to have sex with John. He wanted to, he did. He was just scared, and hated himself for being a forty year-old virgin.
He had known John wasn’t well, obviously, but was unaware he was
Where could he go to get alcohol for free? He could go to a friend’s house...He didn’t have many friends, though, did he? He--Lestrade. Lestrade drank. He knew where Lestrade’s house was. John left the pub in a daze, ignoring the patrons asking
Sherlock hummed, kissing his lips. “Nonsense. You’re my handsome soldier.” Seeming to have realized what he said, embarrassment flooded his face. “Forget I said that.”
“Sorry,” he barely mumbled, his voice scratchy.
“I know how it goes,” Sherlock said.
Lestrade scratched the back of his neck, uncomfortable. “I expect you don’t want to see Sherlock right now?”
John squeezed his hand. “Well, what about you?”
“John!” Sherlock smiled. “Hudders!”
, Sherlock.” Nothing could stop John from touching him now. “Look, I know we don’t do this, but I don’t give a toss. You just came back from the dead. Can I--hug you?”
“Yes, I did.” His back. It was something on his back. That’s why he was acting weird. “What’s on your back?”
“If Sherlock had never gone away, would you have still proposed to me?” Mary asked bluntly.
John wasn’t really sure what to say to her, so he just readjusted his hold on Rosie.
“Sherlock’s waiting upstairs.”
Sherlock bit his lip. “Well…” His stomach hurt. Telling your friend that he was a widower was not a pleasant thought. Telling the love of your life he was married to someone who tried to kill you was even worse. If only Mary’s entire era could be erased from their lives.
Sherlock visibly tensed.
Sherlock pressed his lips together. “Most people don’t sleep before bed.”
“They can’t kill me that easily,” he said, sounding hollow as a furrow formed in between his eyebrows.
Honestly, I don't think there will be much more to this story. I think the next chapter will be the breaking point of the tension.
John leaned against the wall, thinking. He didn’t want them to be uncomfortable around each other. There was enough serious business going on; their petty nonsense would have to wait for another day. Well, his petty nonsense would have to wait. He should apologize to Sherlock. He clearly felt embarrassed from last night, and maybe an admission of wrongdoing from John would ease the tension.
He glared at his phone screen. Honestly, why did she think he wanted to hear from her?
“My body.”
“When I spoke to her, she said she planned on killing Magnussen and leaving the country, creating a clean slate for herself. For all we know, ‘Mary Morstan’ probably isn't her real name, so she most likely wanted to assume another identity in another country.”
John sighed. He opened his mouth to answer, but his eyes flickered down to Sherlock’s hands around his arms again. John removed his arms from his grip, and instead took Sherlock’s hands in his own.
“All I want is for you to tell me how you feel,” John pulled his head back a little, “and for you to feel completely free around me.” He saw how bright Sherlock’s eyes were, and tried to smile reassuringly. “Okay? Please, don’t keep anything from me.”
“Me too,” Sherlock sniffed.
Sherlock knew he should have stopped right there, but he was upset, and lashed out. “It’s
He got his wish, didn’t he? Weren’t wishes supposed to feel happy? Why was he running away? Why was he fucking this up
Why was she here?
his injuries are from?” He didn’t know how intimidating he was, lying there, completely immobile, but whatever.
How could Sherlock take him back every time?!
John carefully turned his body towards Sherlock so he can look at him better, and he thought that if all of that bullshit with Mary today meant that he could live with Sherlock, and experience something as simple, yet precious as this, then he made the right decision today.
“Then don’t ask questions.”
Then, Sherlock’s eyes landed on him, and he froze.
This was really his life now, wasn’t it? He remembered Rosie, and a lump immediately formed in his throat. She...she was really gone, then. Even though he hadn’t spent time with her in the first few weeks after Mary’s death, he had grown used to waking up every morning and going straight to her room to change her nappy. He didn’t think he would ever miss doing that task. His chest felt hollow.
“Oh, sorry, you want me to keep going?” John asked her.
“I know you do.”
“Well, she’ll need quite a bath,” John sighed as he watched Rosie lick her cake-covered hands. “But, it’s once a year, eh?”
“You sure?” he yawned.
Sherlock grabbed a cup of tea from the tray on the table, sipping casually.
She laughed, “God, he sure is a piece of work. Your descriptions of him were really accurate.”
“Maybe,” John agreed, thinking back. It was hard to be Sherlock’s friend in those days, when he was consumed with his obsession with Moriarty. “But it’s only escalated from that, and on my part, too.”
“You kissed me,” Sherlock said.
I'm glad you all liked the Emotional Confrontation chapter I always enjoy writing :)
Sherlock opened the door and saw John brushing his teeth, dressed in jeans and a dark green jumper, a different outfit from last night. He must have been getting ready to leave. Sherlock thought of how they would share mornings getting ready in the bathroom together, and pushed away the memories. He grabbed his own toothbrush, squeezed out toothpaste, and started brushing his teeth, enjoying the domesticity of this small moment. Sherlock was trying not to look at John in the mirror, knowing every movement of his eyes would be seen by John.
John quickly grabbed the roll of gauze and pair of scissors and returned.
Sherlock turned briefly to glance at the clock. “Yes.”
Sherlock wrapped his arm around John and buried his face in his short hair. “I love you, too, John.” He let out an unsteady breath. “I thought I’d never see you again. I thought...I thought that was it.”
John pressed his mouth against his. It was warm. His lips were a bit chapped, but that was fine. It was gentle, but John applied more pressure, inhaling audibly through his nose and deepening the kiss. Sherlock was kissing back, at least he thought he was. He was never very good at this. The last kiss he had was--oh god, with Janine. This was definitely better. Infinitely better. He was finally kissing John, and now that it was happening, he didn’t want it to stop.
He gaped at her. “I told you, Sherlock was never my boyfriend!” his face heated. “I didn’t cheat on Mary with him.”
“Sex is messy, Sherlock,” John took his jumper off. “It’s not a problem at all.”
“And now she’ll step up her game,” he said darkly.
John looked exasperated. "If he doesn't come forward soon, like in a few days, then I might take action."
“I don’t recall making any confession,” Culverton said. “Oh, Mr. Holmes, we found three potential recording devices in your coat.”
“Yes,” he rolled his eyes. “I thought you would be pleasantly surprised, so I was confused when you attacked me,” he said with an awkward cough. “But once the severity of my actions set in, I apologized.”
It was cold outside, but the crisp air was refreshing. He loved Sherlock, but John was never one to lie around the flat. It wasn’t good for his health. There was something dark out of the corner of his eye, and he turned his head. A black car was pulling up to the sidewalk.
When he was alone, he tried to forget about their marriage as much as possible, but going to their shared living space was a reminder of their relationship which he couldn’t ignore. He hated going there and seeing John’s shoes next to Mary’s by the door. He hated seeing one of John’s silly mystery novels next to one of Mary’s disgusting romance novels. He hated Mary’s little knick-knacks. He hated seeing any evidence that their lives were intertwined--their life of domestic married bliss. He only went over there if he couldn’t get in touch with John any other way.
“I think that’s a great idea,” Molly picked her up, reading the room. “We can let her have cake
“Of course. I’m indifferent to those corpses.”
Sherlock already hated this. Should he say something, or let John talk? Perhaps he should apologize first. “I’m sorry,” he said quietly, eyes flickering down to the floor, face heating up. He hoped he didn’t have a visible blush.
“Yes, but I assure you I wanted no part in her little game.” He took the computer off his lap and placed it in front of his bent knees. His shoulders moved up and down in an inaudible sigh. “I am sorry for how she--”
,” Sherlock glared at him, which wasn’t very effective with his cock in John’s hand.
Sherlock and Mary were looking at him skeptically.
“I feel like stone.” He grimaced. “Painful stone.”
“Well, that’s it,” John smiled at him, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s waist. “I’m not attached to Mary Morstan in any way, and I can be completely yours. Well, I was already, but you know what I mean.”
“There is nothing to discuss, Mary,” he cut in, wanting to end the conversation.
John didn’t really know how to respond to that, so he put his phone down for a moment to think. Seriously, why did she want him to stop by? It wasn’t like they ever got along much, and wouldn’t she want to spend more time alone with Sherlock? He was about to text her and ask what she was doing in the flat for the past eleven days, but stopped himself. She would probably tell Sherlock he asked that. His phone vibrated again.
Through his misery, John began to think that maybe, Sherlock was right. Moriarty and Magnussen were terrible people, and not only did they feel no remorse, but they enjoyed what they did. Mary never felt sorry for what she did. John, however, was in a state of depression over what he did. Maybe that really did say something about his moral character, after all. He wanted to be better. He wanted to make Sherlock happy. Slowly, he felt his sobs die down, and his heart rate returned to normal, matching Sherlock’s. He could feel each breath Sherlock took, and he wanted to press a kiss to the soft skin of his neck. He didn’t think he ever loved Sherlock as much as he did now.
John figured that he could put his own dilemma aside. If Sherlock wanted more, he was going to get more. As soon as he started kissing him again, Sherlock grunted, and John knew he made the right choice. He kissed the side of his neck, nipping it, teasing the skin with his tongue and teeth (god, he was getting hard.
Sherlock made a sound of negation and went back to kissing him, feeling himself grow harder in John’s hand. His nipples were hard and his nerves were singing with pleasure, but he needed more pressure (god, John was right. He really didn’t last very long, did he? Not in the morning, at least). “John, can I?”
“What? John, you have to tell me more! I can watch Rosie for the rest of the night; surely you two want some alone time! I remember when I first got together with my husband--”
his life.
Sherlock didn’t want to tell him now, and not just for his own sake. John was too tired, looked too at ease. Sherlock would give him one more night of thinking all was well. After the truth came out, John might not ever be happy again. He ducked his head, the expression on John’s face squeezing his heart hard. “Nothing, go back to sleep.”
“Yeah,” he sighed, “yeah, I have. But. I dunno. I know what it’s like, and it’s not a good thing. I wish you didn’t have to go through that.”
“I’ll just leave this here,” she smiled at John, speaking softly and setting the tray down on the small table nearby.
Sherlock was sitting at the kitchen table and holding a banana. Rosie was eating a small piece of it in her height chair.
Sherlock sat up, leaning forward and reaching out a long arm to grab John’s hand. “Maybe it’ll pass,” he smiled lightly. “The mind is an odd thing.”
again. This was bad. The last time he knocked the shit out of a high Sherlock was flashing before his eyes. He couldn’t. He couldn’t.
Sherlock didn’t know what sort of response was appropriate, but on the inside, he was a little pleased. Only a little, though. The fact that John was reacting this way told him all he needed to know about their marriage. It was over, and as much as he was glad, he didn’t enjoy John’s sadness. “I’m sorry,” he said simply.
It was risky, he knew, but this would be an essential test to see where John’s mind was. If John really planned on telling Mary, this might serve as the final straw for him.
John stared at him, and slowly the guilt started to fade and he smirked. “I guess you’re right. I think, I just want to end it with her and put that part of my life behind me.” His voice dropped in tone and volume, “And start a new chapter with you.”
John sighed heavily. Yet another thought that was plaguing his mind last night was on the tip of his tongue. “You’re going to think I’m crazy, but...well, she knew there was no way out from her past, right? And I think she knew I...would react the way I did.”
“Forgive me, John, but I believe her lies outweigh yours.”
John was sheepish, and wanted the floor to swallow him up.
“John, I’m sorry,” his voice broke, white as a ghost, mouth set in such a deep frown, it almost looked painful.
“I’m not tired.”
A flame of anger ignited in Sherlock’s gut. Sod keeping his mouth shut. “Don’t,” he said sharply, causing them both to look at him. “Don’t try to make John feel guilty. You’re in the wrong here.”
Sherlock’s upper lip curled in a sneer. “I’m sure it’ll be very funny,” he said, testy.
But that made John wince. “God, no, Sherlock, I’m not angry, you git.”
John’s heart constricted with guilt. “I…” He had to be careful. “You might think I’m crazy, but I think I might have an idea who did this.”
He started crying into his pillow again. What the fuck had he been thinking? That she would change? That she actually wasn’t that bad? What she did was inexcusable, and after they got back together, she
“Good,” Sherlock sounded relieved. “I’d rather have my mind clear like this. I was a blathering idiot.”
John’s other hand covered his. “I’m all right now. You can relax.”
It was a dismissal. “All right.” He took the opportunity to go brush his teeth and shave. Alone in the bathroom, he let himself react to what had just happened. John’s memories were returning, and these were not small domestic moments, but major life events. The ticking of the clock was getting louder, and John’s reaction to his deceit in 2014 was only a preview of what was to come. Sherlock almost nicked himself shaving. His willed his shaking hand to be still. He wasn’t very successful. He was supposed to be intimate with John tonight. Suddenly, he was feeling less excited about it.
“I don’t know how to process this,” he admitted, barely detaching himself from John’s lips in order to get the words out. “I still don’t. Every time we start kissing, I feel like my brain is overloaded.”
“Still, just, whatever. I’ll go see if she’s awake and if she has anything.”
At last, John was at peace.
Sherlock would give him a moment. It had been a difficult conversation to listen to, so he imagined John didn’t feel very happy right now. He pulled out his phone and sent a quick text to Mycroft, signalling that it was over. He truly believed it was
He had no idea. He had no fucking idea why John would have a problem with this. John’s chest was heaving, blood rushing through his veins. “Why do you want me here?”
Sherlock hated himself when his eyes stung. He tried to get himself under control as quickly as possible. Well, making up with John was nice while it lasted, he supposed. He swallowed past the lump in his throat. Sharp jabs of anxiety stabbed his stomach.
“Is this not how it’s done?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock’s body fell to the floor, his cheek hitting the ground. He immediately started coughing violently, his lungs singing in relief and screaming for air. He heard some sort of commotion going on, but his drugged and oxygen-deprived brain couldn’t process any of it. He wheezed and hacked up more blood, and his chest hurt from lack of oxygen. He was beginning to make out the sounds around him.
“That’s not how child language acquisition works, Sherlock.”
Sherlock’s lips twisted into an unhappy, bitter smile. “It is when you consider my poor track record of friendships.”
“You just told me.”
Sherlock was also pleased when John wanted to spend more time with him and take him out for cake.
John hummed.
He remembered the flash of smugness he saw on Mary’s face earlier, after the initial shock and anger passed.
No. He couldn’t do that. Not ever,
“Thank you,” Sherlock said, and peeled off the wet gauze. “Do you think we could let this breathe, John?”
John shut off the television, and went into their room. Sherlock was in bed, sleeping. John watched him from the doorway, hand over his mouth, holding back the sounds his throat threatened to make and tears steadily fell. The visions were haunting him, and now that he knew what they meant, there was no way he could stay in this world. He would never be happy again, knowing he was only making one Sherlock happy. Besides, their relationship was starting to get strained here. Sherlock really did deserve the other him. He hoped to god that he was right in how this all worked.
John didn’t know what to say. He was utterly shocked--he was so caught up in his own head that he hadn’t known Sherlock was even hard--but Sherlock coming without having his cock touched even once was so, so fucking hot. Or, it would have been, if Sherlock didn’t look like he wanted to run away and hide.
Sherlock was standing there with his hands folded in front of his penis, not trying to hide himself, but perhaps a subconscious gesture. John saw the trail of thin hair from the bottom of his navel thicken as it reached lower, and over the barrier of his large hands, John could see the beginning of his cock. John’s eyes landed on a couple fading, yellowing bruises on Sherlock’s ribs, where he had kicked him, and it felt like someone twisted a knife in his gut.
Sherlock walks in on something he never wanted to see.
“I’m not tired,” he insisted, eyes staring at the screen and fighting off drooping eyelids.
s leaving his lips. John was so hard it hurt, his own cock dripping with pre-come in his pants. His bollocks were aching. Since when did he have no self-control?
“No,” John shook his head, his voice dangerously close to wavering. “It’s not true. I know you’re not a sociopath, Sherlock. You wouldn’t react this strongly if you were.”
“You can actually play with her.”
The open, pleading expression vanished. John’s lip twitched, and he nearly snarled, “Well, I’m fucking sorry for being concerned about you, Sherlock.” John said his name with venom, and Sherlock hated it.
John’s chest was heaving against his, still recovering from orgasm. “I know,” he said simply. “I know.”
“I was the one who told him to pursue her,” he said to the ceiling. “I can’t stand her, but if she makes him happy, I should be happy.” He wasn’t. He was selfish.
“No?”
Sherlock smiled, rubbing his eye with his knuckle. He sat up and stretched his arms over his head.
John sank into the chair, heart heavy. There was too much to say to even begin responding to that statement. “Maybe we should talk about this later,” he said tiredly.
John answered by pressing open-mouthed kisses on the lower part of his neck, curling his hand around his hip. He decided to bite down on Sherlock’s neck, and was rewarded with a deep moan, cut off at the end when Sherlock clamped his lips shut, self-conscious. But the sound and vibrations from his moan went directly to John’s cock. He wished he could rub himself to take the edge off. He kissed lower still, lips on the spot of skin in between his neck and shoulder.
“Daycare,” he said. “She’s started daycare now.”
John pressed a tiny kiss to his skin. “Love you.”
Sherlock’s jaw trembled. “You’re driving me mad--after all this, you want to leave me?” his strained voice cracked. He walked to the bed and dropped to his knees, putting his hands on the edge of the mattress and gripping it with his free hand, knuckles turning a ghostly white. “Don’t leave,” he bowed his head, shoulders hunched. He snapped his head back up, eyes fierce. “Stop deciding what I do or don’t want,” he hissed. “
John cleared his throat again, looking a little uncomfortable, and perhaps guilty. “Yeah, um, yeah.” He looked at Sherlock, and his shoulders lowered with a sigh. “Just try not to get yourself killed while I’m gone, okay?”
John sat on the edge of his bed, his heart beating harder than what was appropriate, and put the soft towel into Sherlock’s hair, rubbing with both of his hands.
Sherlock put his hands in his coat pockets. He opened his mouth with a small intake of breath. “I’m...I’m very sorry, John,” he said softly, slowly. “I didn’t know you would get so upset.”
John was looking down at his pajama bottoms. “Yeah, well. It was upsetting. You were a mess and I did nothing to stop it.” He resisted the urge to clench his fist. He had to control himself.
“How outdated?”
“And she was never pregnant,” John went on. “She lied to me.”
The image kept John up the rest of the night with a sick feeling in his stomach he couldn’t shake.
Sherlock licked his lips, arm falling from the wall and to his side. He was wearing his coat, but it only became apparent to John now that he was wearing his pajamas underneath, not a suit. It was an odd sight. “Window,” he rasped, but didn’t elaborate. He took an unsteady step forward, squeezing the papers tighter in his hand, making a crinkling sound.
He willed the shaking in his legs to cease, and he stood up straight. He walked out of the cell, ignoring Mary’s pleas. He saw Mycroft down the hall, and called his name. “Your prisoner was trying to conspire with me.”
care.
“Almost a year,” John said. “Her birthday is in two weeks.”
John’s hand slid up to his chest, resting over his heart. He looked up, and Sherlock’s eyes were dark from the low light of their room. His gaze was intense. John’s heart throbbed fiercely, and though he thought it was impossible, he thought he loved Sherlock now more than ever. He ran his hand over the warm skin of Sherlock’ chest and stomach.
Mary was gripping the bars, tears streaming down her face. “John…”
John pressed his lips together. “Just...just lie down here.”
John’s heart beat beneath his hand. “Kiss me.”
John pressed his lips together, putting the pillow down. He knew Irene spent time in this bedroom, but something about her makeup smeared on the pillow reeked of sexuality. If she were only sleeping in this bed, then this wouldn’t have happened; he assumed she took her makeup off at night. All the signs were there, too convenient to be coincidental. They were together. “Uh,” he cleared his throat. “It’s fine. I mean,” he smiled tightly, “good for you, eh?” These words were painful to speak. “I told you not to miss your chance with her, so. Good on you. For listening to me for once.”
John put the food away with trembling hands and unshed tears blurring his vision.
“Really?”
“Got nothing to say? Good.” She walked forward, bent down, and grabbed the hair at the top of his head, pulling roughly and forcing Sherlock to look at her. He grit his teeth in pain and tried to squirm, but she banged his head hard against the wall behind him. “We were supposed to have an agreement,” she said darkly, large eyes piercing into his. “You made a vow, too, to be there for me and John. Was
Sherlock sat up against the headboard. The gooseflesh on his skin was now out of anxiety instead of arousal.
Sherlock's thumb stroked over the top of John's hand, his suspicions confirmed. He wanted to yell at Mary for making John feel unwanted and unloved. He didn't deserve that. "You deserve to feel wanted," he said seriously. "I want you to feel loved."
Sherlock was eating a muffin because he was certain that if he didn’t put something solid into his stomach, he would vomit. Emotions were running wild throughout his entire body.
“Yeah. Maybe it’ll work if you put your head in my lap?”
Sherlock hoped his features didn’t portray his surprise. They didn’t...have sex? His deductions were wrong?
“He does,” Sherlock said quietly.
“That’s unsanitary,” Sherlock scrunched up his nose and let go of John’s hand, getting out of bed. “You know how much bacteria lies in our mouths as we sleep?”
. They were at a crime scene, for god’s sake. Even he wasn’t that insensitive. Getting an erection while solving a woman’s murder was more than not okay. He gulped, but his disgusting mind betrayed him again, and he thought of John’s sack, and the hard, wet length of his cock. Heat bloomed on his face. He had been able to control his fantasies before, when the image of John’s naked body only came from his imagination.
Sherlock,” he said as if he were explaining to a child.
He felt anger bubbling inside of him. “Are you going to excuse all of that, too? When you were fucking dying and I didn’t even want to see you?”
John came back with a glass of water and he placed it on the coffee table in front of them. He lifted the quilt and sat back on the sofa, but this time, he was closer to Sherlock. When he sat, his arm and side brushed Sherlock’s. “Oh, sorry,” John said, sitting up straight.
John moved back up to kiss him on the mouth, parting his lips and taking Sherlock’s plump lower lip and sucking. He felt Sherlock’s ankle hook over his, and wondered if he knew he did it. John kept kissing him, the hot, velvet-soft glide of their lips making the warmth in his pelvis pool and trickle down to his groin. Sherlock’s hands didn’t help either; John always thought they were beautiful, but having them on his body made him feel obsessed with them. He loved when Sherlock would absentmindedly trace his lips, and thought it would be even sexier if he touched other parts of himself with those long fingers (what if he rubbed his nipples, or stroked himself? Did Sherlock get himself off?).
“I see.” Sherlock put the phone in his pocket. He should have been sadder for John than he was.
“Obviously,” Sherlock mumbled. He reached down and picked up the bow that was leaning against the side of his chair. Then, he raised it to his violin and started to play.
“You think she’ll escape?” John’s heart was in his throat.
Sherlock held the empty bag in his hand, and a sticky note in another.
They heard the door click shut.
There was no reason to wink. God, she was obnoxious. “I still don’t understand. Where were you all this time?”
John was awoken from a restless doze when the door opened, but after casting a weary glance at the clock, he saw that he hadn’t slept very long. He was prepared to be quite rude to whoever barged in, but some of the tension in his bones eased when he saw Lestrade.
“Just the explosion of case files,” he lied. “Why are you in here and not the sitting room?”
going to cry. “I knew a romantic was hiding in you somewhere,” John said, voice scratchy to his own ears.
“Don’t worry about it, you’re fine.”
Sherlock gave her more banana. “She was a moron, anyway,” Sherlock muttered.
John grabbed the remote and checked the television schedule. “Oh, it’s a marathon. You okay with watching this for a little while?”
Sherlock felt a storm of emotions throughout his body, swirling, nauseating him. He couldn’t identify what he felt the most because the felt a variety of things. He was honestly angry at John for insulting him so, and he wasn’t angry at him often. John had called him names before, called him out for his lack of humanity on cases, for using people to his advantage, but he had never attacked Sherlock’s lack of romantic relationships before; in fact, up until this point, he had always appeared sympathetic to this, even though that would sometimes upset Sherlock, too. Back when the Woman was in their lives, and John incorrectly thought Sherlock was in love with her, he had been supportive, even though John didn’t seem fond of her. Sherlock was there when the Woman revealed that she was alive to John. He heard John grow angry with her,
John shook his head, eyebrows knitting together and his eyes shining brighter. “Jesus Christ, Sherlock.” He squeezed his hands, making Sherlock’s already-galloping heart skip a beat. “I’m sorry. I was wrong, and I should have seen it before.” He started to sound angry. “It shouldn’t have taken you orchestrating a whole bloody charade just for me to see that you care.”
“She sounds as if she wants nothing to do with you, which would make it easier for you to divorce her.
“You…” John sounded confused.
“Does it make you uncomfortable?”
John’s heart clenched. “You really are a beautiful man.”
John’s thumb ran over his skin again. “You’re absolutely mad. You sat through that entire conversation, acting like I was talking about a complete stranger.”
Goosebumps broke out on Sherlock’s arms, and warmth filled his chest. “Really?”
“Physically, yeah,” he joked. “Memory’s still crap. Did Sherlock tell you about that?”
“No, don’t be stupid,” Sherlock perked up. “It feels like I haven’t had a case in a decade! You’ve got the files, yes? Bring them here.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but he couldn’t have looked very serious with the skin of his cheek being in between John’s forefinger and thumb.
“Don’t be upset,” he said softly. “I’m trying to tell you that’s all over now,” he gently ran his thumb over his lip. “I’m here for you, Sherlock, one-hundred percent.”
Sherlock was taking off his shirt, quiet and reserved.
(See the end of the chapter for
John looked up at Lestrade with venom in his eyes. “I kissed him and he pulled away.”
“Of course we can talk,” Sherlock said, the surprise in his eyes replaced with concern. “John, is something the matter?”
A tear left Sherlock’s eye and he rolled onto his side, whimpering. It fucking
The answer had surprised him. However, at this point? He agreed. The concept of the universe had to exist, and some force was driving it. There was no other way any of this could have happened. His purpose in the universe was to ensure the happiness of his soul mate, in every way and place possible.
He was an absolute moron. How could he have thought John might leave Mary now? Clearly they were still oh-so fucking happy. He bit his lip hard, jaw trembling, throat tightening. He never wanted to see that. He was always grateful John did...
“I see your clothes right there, Sherlock.”
Sherlock sighed tiredly. “Honestly, Rosie, you can’t expect to learn how to deduce if you keep pulling my hair.”
He was the biggest fucking moron on the planet. He saw what he wanted to see with Sherlock. He didn’t love John, not that way. He was just being a good friend, apparently. It was all there, but his stupid fucking heart wouldn’t listen to his head, and there was no going back now. His nightmare came true. Sherlock didn’t want him.
“Sherlock?” he called.
John placed his hand on Sherlock’s face, thumb wiping away a tear below his eye. His own face was still wet with tears and his brow was furrowed. “She’s gone, Sherlock.” His shoulders slumped, and he looked very tired. “I don’t know how the hell I feel about her. It’s all fresh, and…” He pulled his hand back, and it was his ring hand. He took his wedding ring off his finger, sighing. “I’m still not okay,” he told Sherlock. “But, she’s gone, and you’re here, and wasn’t I just on you yesterday about not missing chances?”
Sherlock felt John tense slightly beneath his hand.
John wanted to say it, wanted to call her
He looked up. “My jaw?”
“Absolutely not,” he said firmly. “Don’t feel guilty over a child that never existed.”
“You really won’t tell me?”
Even if this had happened organically, he wouldn’t know what to do. Was he expected to show some sort of physical affection during dinner? Hold hands at the table? He didn’t know.
It wasn’t though. The danger of Mary was real. “It’s...not an impossible scenario.”
She tugged his hair again.
“What was that?” he asked, voice tight.
John walked up the steps of 221B quietly. Well, he was quiet. Rosie, on the other hand, was babbling away in his arms. He opened the door to see Sherlock standing by the window, violin and bow in his hands.
“You’re just as wonderful as I imagined,” he slowly smoothed his hands down John’s chest.
“It’s all right, I’m an early riser anyway, but I guess you knew that. I wanted to spend more time with her, too. Just don’t think I’m going to get up every morning.”
Sherlock put his phone back on the bedside table with a shaking hand. He rubbed his eyes, sinking into his mattress. That was terrible. He felt worse than he did three hours ago. If Mary thought that revealing Sherlock’s feelings would ruin his friendship with John, then that had to be proof that John didn’t feel the same way.
Sherlock took deep breaths, and when he tried to bring his hands to his mouth, he realized they were bound behind his back. He pulled at his constraints and realized they were handcuffs. He opened his eyes and looked down. His ankles were handcuffed together, too. His body felt weak but heavy, like led.
John did not want her touching him like this. He tried moving, but his arms stayed weak by his sides. Something about being manhandled by Mary was humiliating, especially in front of Sherlock. His skin was crawling, and he wanted to push her away.  He felt no comfort in her embrace. He looked past her face and at Sherlock.
"Aside from the creep factor," John went on, "I feel like a prick.”
John laughed a little. “You mean for you.” He saw how much cake Sherlock ate on his birthday.
True. “I think I was just rushing into it,” John said. “I don’t…” Wait, if Sherlock said that Mary was looking for him, then they must have talked already. If Mary had a secret past, how did Sherlock never see it? That was always something which really bothered John. “Did she seem off to you in any way?”
Sherlock spluttered and coughed as his orgasm overtook him, his hot release shooting in the hold of John’s hand. He gasped with wide eyes as he rode out his orgasm, hips jerking.
Well. That was honest.
“I thought I remembered that,” he said, yawning again.
“You’re curious this morning, aren’t you?” Sherlock asked in a sardonic tone.
It was then that John actually saw his bare back, and his stomach churned. There were scars, as he predicted in the other world. Swallowing past the tightness in his throat, John reached out and traced one gently.
That was the key to a healthy relationship, wasn’t it? Communication and vowing to fix things and be better. It would have never worked with Mary because she never wanted to change, and in a way, John didn’t want to be better for her, out of sheer spite. But he knew Sherlock was serious, and so was he. John knew how much Sherlock meant to him; he wouldn’t knowingly hurt him again. He also knew how much he meant to Sherlock, and would try to find happiness for his sake, and for Rosie’s. It wasn’t fair for Sherlock to be saddled with a depressed partner, and Rosie absolutely didn’t deserve a depressed father. He had to do it for them. John had to let go of his guilt and bitterness and fear and let himself love. Being this close to Sherlock made it seem possible.
different. Sherlock was still a person with sensitive areas. He had the same body parts he did, and John certainly knew how to touch those. He just needed to get over himself.
“I see that,” he said uncomfortably. “I came by because I thought Sherlock could use a good cold case to occupy him, but I can leave.”
Sherlock’s mouth dropped open, and he realized his arms were stiff by his sides in surprise. No, that wasn’t good. He reached up and grasped John’s short hair in his fingers, snapping his mouth shut so he didn’t breathe out of his mouth (
“Really?” Sherlock asked after a moment.
Why would she want to see me?”
“Mary.”
“You should eat,” he said. “Go to the cafeteria.”
However, Sherlock was in the wrong here. He was the one who went into their house without permission and completely invaded their privacy. He owed John a talk, if he wanted it. It would be painful, though. But he would do it.
Irene sighed in annoyance. “Fine. I can tell you need some alone time,” she said with far more innuendo than was necessary (or appropriate, for that matter--there was a baby in the room!). “I need to finish unpacking my clothes, anyway.” She got up, grabbed her heels off the ground, sauntered out of the room, and went up the stairs.
he reminded himself. “You should know better,” he got back to the point. “You’re--” His lips snapped shut.
Gradually, Sherlock’s breathing slowed, and although he let out an occasional grunt or whine, the deep fold between his eyebrows smoothed out. But, his eyes fluttered open.
“I’m obviously glad my would-be killer is behind bars,” he said, amused.
His grimace turned into a pained wince. “Stop it, Hamish.”
Cornered, Sherlock just tapped his finger to his temple, gesturing to his mind.
Sherlock’s body hurt so much, and John was so warm, and he couldn’t stop the hitch in his breath.
They spent enough fucking time being afraid to touch each other.
Sherlock was lying on his stomach, rubbing his eye with his knuckle.
“I feel bad that I made her upset by being away.”
“Yes, she did,” John pointed at him, but realizing that the gesture was too aggressive, he put his hand back in his pocket, his ear turning red. “It’s okay to say so,” he said gently.
John wakes up and finds himself stuck in this alternate timeline.
John couldn’t speak. He felt like someone hit the pause button on him.
“But you know what I mean,” John whispered, running his thumb over a warm cheekbone. He leaned in and closed the distance between them.
“Yeah, it was,” he cleared his throat, walking to the bed with trembling steps. “And it’s okay, love. It’s fine.”
“’Cause you just woke up and probably got morning breath,” he said with a small snicker.
John’s mouth twisted to the side. “I guess you’re right.”
John couldn’t help it. He burst into giggles, quickly covering his mouth with his hand.
Sorry it took me a little long to get this out. I have a lot of projects with school, and, well, it's been a little hard for me to write fanfic lately because I'm not really happy being in the fandom right now. What I mean is, I still love this pairing, but the fandom is not really a positive environment for multiple reasons, and it's getting to me. I'm trying to get past it, though, because I love this show and don't want to let anything stop me from loving it. But there's a lot of negativity, and the thing is, I just do not want that in my life. I feel like I have enough on my plate, you know? I'm not blaming anyone for any posts; I'm just telling you all where I'm at and why this update took kind of long.
True. John hadn’t known Mary to be sloppy, but if she were preparing to flee, maybe she was under stress. “You’re right.” John shook his head. “Sorry, I’ll stop worrying now.”
“No,” he slurred into his pillow. He liked this fun side of John. He wanted to have fun with him more. He opened his eyes. He felt like his thoughts were wandering away. There was something about John’s warm body pressing down on his which turned his mind into pudding. He nuzzled his pillow, his muscles turning into pudding, as well, and the aftermath of his orgasm was catching up with him. John’s arms wrapped around his torso and he rested his head on his back. He could feel each rise and fall of John’s chest against his body. This was bliss.
Sherlock wanted to flee and never return, but his muscles were glued to the chair. Bile sloshed around in his stomach. “That’s illegal,” he spluttered.
Somehow, Sherlock’s face turned even redder when he saw John’s bulge, jaw dropping. He covered his eyes with his hand and rolled over on his side, back facing John.
Sherlock’s brow furrowed. “Why?”
John shrugged. “Suit yourself. Let’s at least sit down.”
“Thought,” John repeated, smiling again. “Besides, you know he’ll give us a spot away from people.”
Sherlock shook his head. “I understand.” He wanted to change the mood. “It’s encouraging that some memories have returned, yes?” he brought himself to say.
Sherlock looked surprised, and his lips wobbled in a suppressed grin. “That drug has messed with your head.”
“They’ll be too big.”
Sherlock felt scrutinized under his gaze (was this what other people felt like when he deduced them? It was unpleasant).
Sherlock’s wide eyes were scanning his face, probably trying to deduce what was going on. “John, I don’t understand where all this is coming from, but I can assure you that you’ve never been more wrong in your life.”
“Did you like it?” John asked, genuinely curious. Personally, he loved that Sherlock lost control so quickly.
(See the end of the chapter for
He sighed, sitting up. “I just don’t know what’s normal for us yet. This is still surreal.”
“John?” Sherlock asked.
“No, it’s just me,” John said uncomfortably.
“You’re not,” Sherlock said sympathetically. “You haven’t gotten away with any wrongdoing you think you’ve done.” His light eyes were shining with compassion. “Look at you, John. You’ve been miserable for weeks because of this, yes?”
John honestly doubted it. This was his fault. It was all his fault. What if they only worked together as associates and nothing more? What if John just went on cases with Sherlock for the money and went straight home to Rosie every time? That was probably going to happen. He finally blew it.
Sherlock had stopped eating, and was staring at Irene intently. “What is it?”
They pulled apart and John paid the driver. When they got into the flat, they collapsed onto the sofa, John on his back, and Sherlock sprawled on top of him. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s torso and yawned. It had been a long three and a half months since he first walked in on John and Mary having sex, but if the end result was being with John Watson without any threat to their relationship anymore, Sherlock considered it worth it.
God, this really did have to do with his scheme. “I do,” he confirmed. Dread uncurled in his stomach. “Did Mary find out?”
“Well. I would have been fine with that, but I got carried away before I could stop myself.”
. Sherlock barely survived the last time. John searched frantically around the room for Sherlock’s mobile phone, and called 999 as soon as he found it charging on the bedside table. He barely even registered the words that left his mouth, but he was pretty sure he told the woman on the phone their address and to
“That sounds too good to be true,” Sherlock said.
John stood there, not knowing how to feel. It was great finally getting the last word, but god, how did he ever end up with such an awful person?
Sherlock walked back into the room, and he looked puzzled. “John, don’t take this the wrong way, but what are you doing here? It’s three in the morning.”
Sherlock stopped smiling.
“Mhm. Totally.” He sat up on his knees.
silently begging to be loved, but the world was so cruel to him for so long. John felt a wave of compassion wash over him, and he sighed harshly and kissed Sherlock hard on the mouth.
Sherlock’s blush reached down his neck. “It wasn’t exactly how I imagined it would ever go, either.” The memory of Culverton’s demented smile mocking him as his lungs screamed for air made him flinch.
Sherlock looked at him from over his shoulder, but then looked away. He didn’t say anything.
“Umm,” John looked at him in confusion. “Okay…”
that. It was his fault, too. John was so angry at himself for cheating on Mary and never getting to come clean that he took all of his rage out on Sherlock, and fucking hell, he didn’t deserve that. Then, when Sherlock was practically dying from being high on god-knows what for weeks, John
“Childish,” John muttered.
Well. Now he cared that he was in his pants. John rubbed his eyes. “Christ, Sherlock, what?” He didn’t mean to sound so harsh, but what time even was it?
“What’re you smiling about?” John asked, amused.
John twirled a finger into Sherlock’s nape curl. “You good?” he asked softly.
John brought his hand back to Sherlock's waist. "Um, how long have you felt this way?”
Sherlock smiled back, his heart dancing.
do it,” he threw the towel back. “My chest hurts.”
He shot out of his chair, and Sherlock wasn’t surprised to hear and bang, and then to see John’s knuckles reddened when he returned.
I really don't know how much longer this will be, but I'm having fun, so I hope you're all enjoying this~
That night, John woke up in a sweat. His brain was fuzzy, unpleasantly so. It felt like he had just been in the middle of an intense dream, but only vague images lingered in his mind. He was thinking of Irene and Sherlock, so he must have dreamt of them. He rubbed his eyes. He tried to think, struggling to remember. An image of Irene smiling and tracing Sherlock’s bottom lip with her finger presented itself, her red nail polish standing out brightly through the haze of the fading dream. John shook his head with a grimace, willing the image away. Everything else was blurry, but that was enough to put a knot in his stomach. He rolled over with a grumble. The neon numbers shining from the clock on the bedside table caught his eye. It was 4:03. Was Sherlock still awake? John hoped not. His body was still recovering from being addicted to god-knows what, and he needed rest. John feared that Mycroft was going to call him one of these days with news that Sherlock relapsed. He seemed to be doing well, though, all things considered. Without any cases to work on, he was probably at least relaxing. But...
“You like when I suck here,” Sherlock whispered, and sucked the spot right beneath John’s ear.
sounds above him, his grunts gradually turning into whines, his legs shifting and socked feet shuffling on the floor.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock nodded, sheepish. “You’re right.”
Sherlock made a happy little sound in his throat, and John smiled.
John’s shoulders sagged. “I had a dream you were gone last night. I was beyond relieved to wake up with you there, but…” his voice trailed off.
“I’m...sorry,” he said uncomfortably. John would think the apology was out of politeness, but it was because Sherlock made him unhappy. He wanted John and Mary to break up. He wasn’t selfless. He could admit it. But he wanted John to decide on his own, and not have
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Really, John?”
He looked out the window again. “I dunno. The typical stuff. I know you’re not a typical man, but still. Dinner and then coming back home to bed, all that.”
“Easy,” John told him. “Easy. Let’s try to walk.”
He did, still frowning.
The line of Sherlock’s mouth grew thinner. “He simply got old and had to be put down. I didn’t want him to die, though, and it happened at a very bad time. My other friend--my human friend, that is--we used to play together, but…” He swallowed. “He liked to play pirates with me, and he was the only person my age who I talked to. Mycroft was too old and arrogant to spend time with me. We got along well, but he got hit by a drunk driver. He wasn’t even out in the street. Apparently, he was on the pavement and the drunken man lost control.”
It really did feel normal for a second, until John noticed something on Sherlock’s jaw line. It was on the right side of his face, and looked like a small, red smudge. It was small enough that he didn’t notice it until now, when he was staring at Sherlock and not distracted by Irene. “Hey, Sherlock, what’s on your jaw?”
He frowned deeper at his reflection.
Sherlock pouted and tried smoothing down his hair.
Sherlock lifted his face, a cautious look in his eye. He bit the inside of his cheek. “I’ve never said this to anyone before,” he murmured. “It’s hard, because I told myself not to do this for practically my whole life.”
Sherlock heard her sigh. “I would be pleased for you two, but you’re married, John!”
.” Maybe something could have happened a few hours ago, with Sherlock emotional and trusting and vulnerable, but he didn’t feel like either of them were ready for that, and it wouldn’t have been right. But, what was he thinking? He was still as unsure as ever of Sherlock’s feelings for him. He wanted to, god, he wanted to be with Sherlock, but he still didn’t
This wasn’t working. “Did I wake you?” John asked. “It’s late, I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be silly,” Sherlock muttered. “Besides, don’t you have job hunting to do? Rather, workers to find for your practice?”
He couldn’t exactly blame John for being manipulated by Mary. She was cunning, and since they were in an intimate relationship, she had ample opportunities to play with his mind. His poor John. “She tried to tear us apart,” Sherlock said somberly.
But Mary couldn’t have called the cops this time. Why did she last time, though? The fact that this bullet was in the exact same shot as the last one told John that her shot wasn’t surgery before; she must have intended to kill him with both shots. Therefore, she couldn’t have called the ambulance last time. Then who could have...John’s eyes widened. Magnussen was in the room.
His heart started to beat faster, the beeps from the monitor quickening. “I’m...scared of dying.” It was true. He was scared of the end. That was one of the reasons why, even now, when he was alone in the world without his best friend, he hadn’t tried anything. He had to get Culverton behind bars, and that was his motivation throughout the past few weeks, but after this? If John did come for him, but was still angry, and still didn’t want to talk...He didn’t know what he would do. The situation was clawing at his heart, tearing him into bits, and it was
Mary looked affronted. “I didn’t know, John!” she whispered back. “And I don’t appreciate your tone right now.”
If he had known, then he would have told Sherlock how he felt.
John chuckled. “What a dilemma.” This was a little more natural. He did always like joking around with Sherlock.
“Whatever you want.”
“That was the end of my dream,” John said, and the conversation ended for the day.
“Sometimes, it seemed like you hated her,” he said bluntly. “There was tension between you two more often than not, but I stayed out of it because it was none of my business.”
“No, no.” The fear from the nightmare was clinging to him, a chill at the base of his spine.
John remembered how touchy Sherlock got at the mention of torture earlier in the evening, and how he was frightened enough to grab a gun when he thought a stranger was in his flat. Now John knew why he acted that way, but he also knew that the emotional pain Sherlock felt wouldn’t be temporary. John had been through his fair share of traumatic events in Afghanistan, and years later, he was still struggling with his PTSD. Did Sherlock have PTSD?
His eyes shot open (when had he closed them?) and he gasped as he came, his hips thrusting erratically and his hand on Sherlock losing its rhythm. “Oh, god!” he wheezed. His cock just kept pulsing and pulsing. He hadn’t had an orgasm last this long since who-knows when. He grunted and bit into Sherlock’s shoulder, and felt hot wetness burst onto his palm, and he practically felt Sherlock’s deep moan in his chest. As he began coming down from his own high, he lifted his head off the pillow to watch Sherlock’s beautiful face smooth out into pure ecstasy, his plush, pink mouth dropping open as another moan escaped his lips. His body shook and he ducked his head down, shutting his eyes.
John felt sick. “So, you had to deal with her, the one who shot you, to spare my feelings.” He put his head in his hands and shook his head, the rest of his tears falling and wetting his palms. “I’m so sorry,” he choked out. “I shouldn’t have gone back to her, I shouldn’t have blamed you for her death, I shouldn’t have hit you, I’m so fucking sorry, Sherlock.” John could barely finish the sentence before he broke down into small sobs, the bitter guilt and regret choking him, shredding his heart apart and making him queasy.
“Let me hear you, baby,” John whispered, voice husky. “C’mon, Sherlock, you’re doing so well. Let go for me.”
With a curious, hesitant gaze which didn’t leave John’s eyes, Sherlock wrapped his large, warm hand, a little moist with sweat, around his cock. He started stroking. “Is this okay?” he asked genuinely.
“Sure,” John brought her over to him.
Sherlock cocked his head to the side. “What?”
“Yeah,” Sherlock confirmed, smiling bashfully. “I feel like a weight was lifted off my shoulders. Does that normally happen after sex?”
“Do you remember anything else?” Sherlock asked urgently.
“Why was she after him?” Sherlock asked. "Hang on," he said suddenly, "Magnussen...John, that was the name you said after you woke up, remember? When you'd been drugged and attacked on the sidewalk? How did you know this name?"
“I know,” he said. “I’m not dwelling on it, really. I’m just saying, ’cause…” He cleared his throat. “I wish you could have felt loved sooner.”
Should I add an nsfw chapter? I was debating it while writing this story.
John felt like he was in heaven. The hot breath on his neck was enough to make him tremble, but he was going fucking nuts over Sherlock thrusting into his hand, deep
“Who do you think it was?”
John swallowed. “The great Sherlock Holmes can’t find his words?” The tease sounded hollow to his ears. God, Irene had always done that to him, hadn’t she? John remembered when Sherlock stuttered and stammered in front of her as she sat naked during their first meeting. A hand was squeezing his stomach.
“You’re in pain,” John pursed his lips. He looked at the cuts on Sherlock’s back, too. They were still there, but actually looked like they were starting to form scabs. They were probably uncomfortable, still, but at the back of Sherlock’s mind.
His fingers tightened around his phone.
John wondered for the millionth time why he was sent back into this timeline, but he supposed the reason didn’t really matter. He was stuck. He made his life worse. He cursed himself again for thinking that someone as amazing as Sherlock would want a disgusting arsehole like him. He deserved Mary, didn’t he? He deserved the misery she inflicted upon him, and not the happiness Sherlock provided. He didn’t even want to go back to the other timeline, in a way. He wanted to cease to exist. He wished he’d never been birthed into this world. He wasn't going to do anything to himself--he was even too mentally tired for that--but he wanted everything to
John swallowed hard. Maybe clasping a nearly-naked man on the shoulder wasn’t exactly the smartest thing to do, but he thought that it would have been even more awkward for them if he took his hand off, though, and carried on. He needed to be blunt. He really didn’t want to deal with a tense atmosphere in the flat. Things were hard enough. He licked his lips again. “Listen. I spent years wishing you would have just let me help you for once.” There was only once when Sherlock actively asked--begged--for John’s help, and that was with the Culverton case. All of those years, all of those cases beforehand, and especially the during Fall, Sherlock kept John in the dark. He didn’t know why, to this day, why the walls he kept up were so resolute.
This time, John actually dreams.
“To be loved by you is better than I ever could have imagined,” John said into his neck. “I always loved you, but I didn’t think, before--I didn’t know how deeply you love.”
, and it all being a lie? He wouldn’t ever move on from that.
It was rare for Sherlock to say he didn’t know how to do something, and John felt a wave of sympathy for him. “Yeah, you do. When I was really upset, crying in our sitting room like an idiot, you knew just what to do.” Keeping their foreheads close, he gripped and squeezed Sherlock’s shoulder. “It’s okay. You’re doing fine.”
John let go of his face and kissed his cheek. He began stroking Sherlock while planting kisses on his jaw, lips warm and wet (he must have licked them before Sherlock woke up).
“I was thinking the same thing yesterday. So much happened in one bloody year.”
Sherlock wrapped his arms around his neck, a hand back in John’s hair. He felt fully hard, bucking into John’s hand, the underside of his cock dragging along his muscular thigh.
“Just kiss me,” Sherlock whispered.
He squeezed his eyes shut. “I spent so long trying to shut all of this down. I wanted this so badly, yet it’s still difficult to hear without feeling the need to run from this,” he confessed with quiet shame in his tone.
“Hey, hey,” John’s hand covered his, “what’s wrong? It’s okay.”
“Why not?”
“That’s not a word.”
John blinked, clearly waiting for a response, and then his eyebrows lifted slightly, surprised when Sherlock continued being silent.. “Sherlock? Are you in there?”
He cleared his throat, not trusting the steadiness of his voice otherwise. “So am I right to say ‘I love you, too’?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Whatever. Anyway, trying to manipulate people for the Work is different than being told I’m--aesthetically pleasing, by you.”
“I’m fine. I’m cool,” Sherlock slurred, blinking.
“I’m naked,” Sherlock said against his jaw.
There was a time when John’s own broken heart would have said
“Thank you,” John said, feeling odd that she said something genuinely nice.
Okay, so if you read the last chapter when it first came out, you should go back and read it again. I made some major changes to it that impact the rest of the story. If you go back and everything looks the same, then you probably read it after the changes, so you're good :P
They didn’t solve it? Imbeciles.
“Good deduction. Want to know why?”
As much as a part of John wanted to agree due to his own heart’s desires, he said, “No, Sherlock, it’s understandable.” He held back a deep sigh. “It’s what you want, and I can’t change that.” He’d just have to live with the disappointment.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, all right,” Lestrade nodded casually. “I have some free time on my hands, and I want to wait around a bit to see if he wakes up.”
John sat up, ruffling Sherlock’s hair. He stretched, the sunlight from the window catching on his golden chest hair. He sighed. “I’m going to get dressed and leave. It shouldn’t take long. You just take your little after-sex nap.”
“Personally? No, but we can’t be too careful. She won’t, though.”
Sherlock seemed not to know what to say for a moment, fiddling with a string on his sheets with his hand. “But, in the face of devastation, you decided to act. It’s been the opposite with me.”
Sherlock’s thumb stroked his cheek. “I’m glad we’re doing this,” he rumbled.
He checked his phone. 5:23. Sherlock sighed shakily, bouncing his leg nervously. He wished John were here so they could just get this over with.
John smiled a little at that. “That was my reaction, too.”
“One spoon down, approximately eleven to go,” he said under his breath. When they were seven spoonfuls in after several painful minutes, he heard movement from the bedroom, and then the door to the loo clicked shut. Now that John was awake, Sherlock was growing nervous. He had to put on the facade again. Even though Rosie was less than pleasant this morning, at least he didn’t have to pretend with her.
“Putting on more clothes was too much effort,” he said through a mouthful of porridge. It came out casually, but John knew he was referring to the pain.
“Oh, fuck,” John moaned, his voice rich and thick like velvet. His hips snapped faster. He pressed his forehead against Sherlock’s. “Oh, my Sherlock.” He huffed hot, harsh breaths onto his face.
John, panting from his release, gathered Sherlock into his arms and made a shushing sound as best as he could. “It’s all right,” he said breathlessly. “Breathe, Sherlock. You’re okay.”
Sherlock sighed. “She told me she tried to wake me up by hitting me. I think that’s where the cut on my cheekbone came from. She’s bitter, and told me she had nothing to lose. That’s why she did it. She wanted me dead and you heartbroken. She punched me and kicked me.” He swallowed. “She kicked me...down there, too.”
Sherlock’s lips parted and his light eyes softened immediately. “Of course, John,” he said emphatically. “You needn’t ask. You two are always welcome here.”
Sherlock took Rosie into his arms. “Sorry, did I ignore you?” he asked lightly.
“I’m going to use the loo for a sec,” John said, hiding his disappointment. “I’ll be right back.” As he looked in the mirror after he brushed his teeth, he scowled at himself. What was he, twelve? He would just march in there and kiss Sherlock. He didn’t have to hide anymore. He didn’t have to mope around, coddling his pining heart. They kissed a few hours ago. Sherlock wouldn’t change his mind...As soon as he re-entered the kitchen, Sherlock looked up at him with a small smile as he munched on toast.
“You know I do,” he said, sitting up straighter.
That was an understatement. His heart gave a pang, but John cupped his chin and placed his thumb on Sherlock’s lower lip.
John knew that Sherlock had completely forgiven him for his violent behavior back at the morgue, and he was beginning to come to terms with it and forgive himself, too, but he felt like he
John bit Sherlock’s lower lip hard and he cried out, clutching at John’s broad shoulders helplessly. He was sweating, his entire body consumed in heat and sharp tingles of pleasure. He felt his balls tightening, and by this point, he and John could only pant and huff hot, harsh breaths against each other’s open mouths, too far gone to properly coordinate a kiss.
It was a blunt question, and it showed on Lestrade’s face. “Uh, yeah, but--just come inside, okay? It’s bloody November, and you’re just wearing a jumper and,” he looked down, “where are your shoes? You know what? Never mind. Come in.”
“What about what
“I know better now,” he said with another laugh. “But, uh, yeah. I think it was then when I thought you’d go off with someone else.”
“‘Put it kindly’? What did she actually say?” Sherlock asked.
John kissed his cheek, and started giggling into his skin. “I never knew how cute you’d be.” He practically felt Sherlock’s skin grow hotter beneath his lips.
“Yes,” he said, clearing his throat. “Sherlock is just in the other room. We should wait until we get back home.”
Her eyes fluttered shut, like she was bracing herself. “Mycroft gave you details, right? Well, I really did want to leave the country. There’s nothing for me in England.” She opened her eyes. “If you help me get out of here, I’ll keep my word, and never bother you again. You’ll never hear my name for the rest of your life. I’ll be gone.” Her voice lowered even further, nearly inaudible. “Please, John. You told me you loved me, once. Help me one time.”
“What, you’re worried they’ll come in and attack him?” Lestrade asked incredulously. “It’s kind of hard for someone to walk into a hospital with a gun, John.”
"I know," he held up the letter. "You don't have to explain it all again. I understand now." Even so, his eyes remained glued to the floor, despondent.
“I haven’t gone anywhere,” Sherlock said in confusion, his body stiff in John’s arms.
Irene’s startled eyes turned into lasers again. “Working for him didn’t turn out well for me in the end, you know--”
John made some comment about the show that didn’t quite register, so Sherlock just made an interested sound in his throat. He felt foggy. His thoughts started to wander, and his mind conjured up another fantasy--this time, of him being sprawled on top of John for a nap. He remembered when they almost fell asleep on the stairs on John’s stag night and smiled.
Sherlock’s eyes flickered down to the note in John’s hand, and then back to his face, subconsciously biting his lip. He found himself speechless. He stared at John, silently pleading for him to catch on.
Sherlock was going to reach out and tap him on the shoulder, but then John turned around.
Sherlock stood in the doorway between the loo and his bedroom, expression impassive.
And yeah Mary isn't stupid lol. What will she do????
Sherlock did, and to his mortification, his vision was blurry.
“Perhaps a little overwhelmed,” he admitted, embarrassed. He was forty and he couldn’t talk about sex with the man he loved.
God damn it.
Sherlock mutely shook his head.
John gave him a playful kick to the shin. “No fishing for compliments.”
.” He put his head in his hands again, embarrassed that he was breaking down in front of Sherlock like this, and embarrassed he was talking about falling for Mary. Talking about his love life always made them both uncomfortable. He needed to control himself, but it was so hard. As fucked up as his relationship with Mary was, he thought that somewhere deep down, she had loved him. Was that all a lie, too? Why did she even marry him? Why did she have his child?
Was this a not-so-subtle invitation? “Yeah, I will. It’s her house.”
“Sherlock,” John said sternly.
“Yes.”
But Sherlock had to love him too, then. John was his other half. God, they should have had this talk before. John was joyful, of course, but he wasn’t giddy. He was calm, like he finally came home after being lost for years. Sherlock lifted his head, and put his forehead against John’s, his eyes closed.
Sherlock thought about it. He would have been confused and afraid. He wasn’t ready back then. “Did you want to do that?” he evaded the question.
John looked at him with eyes so dark they were nearly black. “Yeah. I’d imagine so.”
“No, thank you,” Sherlock shook his head.
Sherlock lowered his hands. “Really?” He was surprised at how affectionate John was being this morning since they only got together two days ago.
It only took two strokes until Sherlock choked out his name, hips thrusting off the chair, cock spurting his release on John’s hand, and on his jumper near his collarbone. Sherlock’s entire body was shaking, knuckles white from gripping the arm of the chair, and he was biting the top of his other hand.
He heard John sigh. “I know,” John said. “I know you didn’t mean to--do that. And I’m sorry for yelling at you like that.”
John’s prick throbbed again. “You sure? We don’t have to.”
Mary gasped, actually audibly gasped. “Sherlock?”
“It’s okay,” John said lowly, ignoring the sting in his eyes. “What happened next?” he asked gently.
John arranged it so they were going to meet Mary at Speedy’s at 2 in the afternoon, which would give Mycroft plenty of time to set up a couple security cameras in and outside the shop, and have one of his men around the area in case she needed to be apprehended (Sherlock had told him that was unnecessary, but Mycroft said, “I would rather not run the risk of your heart stopping again, brother”, and Sherlock shut up). They had a few hours to kill until then, and Sherlock and John brushed their teeth, threw on a couple of Sherlock’s dressing gowns, and ate breakfast in silence, minds occupied with Mary. Sherlock didn’t want to get himself worked up, but he had to anticipate the worst. The joy he felt from when he woke up with John was gone, replaced with dread, but exhaustion, too. He wanted all of this to be over so badly.
Sherlock gasped and tried foolishly to stand up, but Mary kicked him again and sent him back to the floor. “You’re handcuffed and drugged,” Mary laughed at him. “Where do you think you’re going?”
“I know,” he said patiently, hand sliding down to his shoulder. “But, it hurt to hear you like that. It really did,” he stressed. “I don’t ever want you that distraught again, especially not over me.”
Yeah, I started to actually think about the Other Sherlock and made myself sad, so I pass it onto you~~~
Sherlock stretched his neck a bit, sighing. “For what it may be worth in your funny little brain, I can’t imagine a scenario in which I wouldn’t forgive you for something,” he said, eyes closing for a moment, and it looked like he was feeling a wave of pain, his right hand twitching.
“Yeah, okay, I get it,” John muttered, his chest hurting, his stomach churning. “God, why are you so angry about this? I made a mistake, sorry, but I’ve done far worse than assume you wanted to have sex with a woman. Seriously, Sherlock, why are you like this?”
“Mary!” he whispered hotly. “The man just came back from two years dismantling Moriarty’s network. What do you
“Then I’ll order food.” She extended her hand. “I’ll use your phone. What do you want?”
Sherlock smirked. “Maaaybe,” he drawled.
to keep the best friendship he ever had. There was also a small part of him that wanted to prove John wrong simply to prove him wrong, after being hurt earlier this evening.
John looked around the room and found a clock on the wall, and damn, the sun was already coming up. Did a whole day really pass? His stomach was empty to the point of nausea, and his mouth was dry from thirst. “A day. Twenty-five hours, to be exact.”
Sherlock sat in his chair and got a book from the bookshelf, wanting to appear casual when John arrived. Sherlock thought that he could try to bring up the gifts delivered to the clinic, but if John were upset for some reason, he didn’t know if that would be an appropriate subject. What were they going to talk about, anyway? Did John want to talk at all? It seemed unlikely. Perhaps, for some reason, he wanted to get away from Mary for awhile. If so, that was a good sign. The image of them having sex flashed in his brain, and he grimaced and shoved it away, cursing his mind.
Rosie was gnawing on the paw of the Winnie the Pooh and was focused on the television.
Sherlock was quiet for a moment, resting his cheek on the top of John’s head. “Well, I’m at ease knowing she’s contained.”
Mary gets back at Sherlock, but she doesn't win.
“I’m sorry, John,” he said.
“Can’t argue with that,” John mumbled. His heart was pounding. “So...you do feel romance? For me?”
“Morphine, John,” he closed his eyes. “Morphine.” His tone was closed off.
“Which is why you tried to murder Charles Augustus Magnussen. Mycroft told me.”
“I’m afraid to want that.”
Sherlock was still looking down at the ground. “Do you...correct me if I’m wrong, but were you not afraid at Battersea, too? Of wanting a man?”
“You did, but, just checking. So, you forgive me. I forgive you for anything you think you did wrong. What I mean to say is, can we stop blaming ourselves for everything? I’ve fucked up over the years and so have you.” Sherlock got the feeling that it would have been significantly more difficult for John to say all this if their faces were not hidden. He kissed the side of John's neck in encouragement. John went on, asking quietly, “Can we just love each other from now on?”
Sherlock nodded slowly, still catching his breath. “Okay.”
“I didn’t know I was ticklish.”
“I will. Goodbye.” He hung up. This was all terrible.
“She--I denied it, because I felt like it was none of her bloody business, but she knows how I feel about you, and said if I got too close to you, she’d tell you how I feel and that you wouldn’t want to stay friends because you’re incapable of romance.” He groaned and put his head in his hands. “Oh god, I think that’s where my thought process came from. She got inside my head.” He lifted his head, a look of realization dawning on his face. “I doubted you and insulted you because she got inside my head.” He sounded as ashamed as he looked.
“No,” John shook his head, sniffing, blinking away more tears. His heart was a jackhammer in his chest, rattling his ribs. He was shaking. “I just want you to be all there when we talk.”
“You’re rambling,” Sherlock said, his palm sweating onto the top of John’s hand.
“Goodness, there you are!”
Sherlock huffed out a breath. “I don’t know how to do this. I want to open up to you, but after nearly forty years of resisting romantic entanglement--well, old habits die hard,” he said with a bitter grin.
John sat up, willing himself not to look away. “How I, you know, how much I really love you.”
“Apparently not.”
Sherlock was silent, but he was bouncing his knee nervously. His gaze hesitantly rose to meet John’s. “If we try it, but I dislike it, you will stop?”
“I ask about you as a distraction,” he said quickly. “I don’t want to think about it. Well,” a touch of nervousness came into his voice, “that’s not the only reason, obviously. These dreams seem to be upsetting you.”
“Oh, wait,” Sherlock looked at John, “do you want something?”
“Erm, yeah, sure.”
“I wish you would have told me sooner,” she said with a sigh of relief. “You’re with Sherlock?”
For god-knows how many times, John wondered why the fuck the universe was so cruel to Sherlock Holmes. “I get it now,” he said thickly. “I do. You were young and hurt, and you told yourself not feeling anything for anyone would be the best option for you.” John touched his shoulder. “Do you miss them, Sherlock? Your friend and your dog?”
“With pleasure.”
They were standing still at a red light now. They were close to home, and there weren’t many cars on the road tonight. Sherlock’s eyes flickered down at John.
Sherlock was looking back at him from over his shoulder with wide eyes and scarlet on his cheekbones.
John laughed, and turned his attention to Rosie. He played with the ears on her pink bunny onesie, making her giggle. “Want your kitty?” He fished into his pocket and took out her toy, which was hanging half out of his pocket to begin with.
John shivered and put his face in the crook of Sherlock’s neck, their proximity making his head swirl. He still thought Sherlock should have been at least a little angry with him, but if John promised never to hurt him again, and if Sherlock promised to tell him when he was going too far, they could work. They could work. Maybe they really could put all of the ugliness behind them, and start a new life together.
“Right now,” John told him, leaning forward and cupping the back of Sherlock’s head with one hand as their mouths met. He tasted like honey and mint--an odd mix, but simple enough to make him smile. He used to fantasize about Sherlock smelling of chemicals and cologne and tasting of...he didn’t know, cigarettes and something ridiculous. But Sherlock was just a man, tasting of the food he ate and toothpaste, and not having much of a scent at all, other than the fabric softener Mrs. Hudson used on their clothes.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You shouldn’t have to, since Mycroft is sending her the divorce papers.” For that favor, Sherlock had to attend Christmas dinner this year to please his parents. He would do it for John. Plus, he sort of liked the idea of bringing John to his parents’ house this year as his partner, when this past Christmas, he and Mary made up in his parents’ sitting room.
It felt like someone pricked his stomach with a pin.
“I’m not sure if I can,” Sherlock said, turning his head on the pillow and looking up at John. “You can go upstairs to sleep, though. I see you’re tired.”
Sherlock deflated.
, John!” his hips jerked up.
John knew it was his letter.
“You’ve been here for thirty-two minutes,” Sherlock said, his voice flat.
“It was fun until it all went wrong. Anyway--”
“In more ways than one,” he nodded. “Are you?’
“That’s sanitary,” Sherlock said.
“Sherlock,” John said softly, extending his hand hesitantly, and then putting it on Sherlock’s damp shoulder.
John was about to say he could have done that himself, but Sherlock was already going up the steps. He rubbed his eyes. God damn it, he felt like he was about to explode.
Rosie smiled at John and began kicking her feet.
“I do,” Sherlock admitted, “but I don’t know what else to ask.”
John got up and grabbed the remote, flipping on the news.
“I love you,” he whispered, “but you, the other you needs me.” He gazed over Sherlock’s calm, sleeping face. “I just hope you’ll have me, too. Or, another me.” He laughed through his nose. “Wouldn’t it be funny if I just wake up here tomorrow?”
John was lying on the bed on his back, eyes closed and slack-jawed, an arm thrown above his head. Damn, they really were lightweights.
“Seriously? My hand is perfectly functional.”
A bright flash from a commercial revealed John’s eyes widening and his lips parting. “I, erm, well I was really tired and didn’t feel like climbing the stairs. The quilt was right here, and it’s comfortable, so,” he finished lamely.
Sherlock audibly exhaled. “You’re wrong,” he mumbled, “you said you’re not brave, but look at you now.”
“I love turning you on,” John said simply.
John kissed him deeply, arms wrapping around his neck, pulling Sherlock down to diminish their height difference. His throat was tight and the corners of his eyes were stinging, and he hated thinking of how alone and miserable Sherlock must have been before that fateful day in St. Bart’s. “It’s an honor to love you,” John whispered against his lips, and it occurred to him that he hadn’t said anything that cheesy since the emails to his old girlfriends, but he really meant this. He felt it so deeply, he felt like he could split in two.
Something shifted in Sherlock’s expression and he seemed to tense slightly. “Please,” he said dismissively, “don’t be foolish.”
She looked shocked that they didn’t see her side of the story. “What was I supposed to do? You proposed to me, but went off with Sherlock almost every day. Do you know how that felt? You made me feel unloved, John.”
“The past five days,” Mrs. Hudson’s hushed, concerned voice replied. “I’m not sure how much he’s moved. He won’t talk…”
Sherlock threw the washcloth at him.
John shook his head, a bitter smile on his face. “‘Reasons,’ sure. You couldn’t be in a relationship even if you tried.” The second those words left John’s mouth, his eyes widened and his anger vanished, his lips snapping shut.
“Nah, it’s nice,” John smeared a kiss across his lips. “You’re just enthusiastic.”
“Amy--” he croaked. Why did she betray him? He never did anything to her.
John could hear his own pulse, his palms sweating. To tell the truth would be to confess how he felt, but Sherlock just said he was never interested in “fairytale” romance. He was already so disgusted with him. John could picture telling him the truth, and his expression turning bored and annoyed.
“But,” he sat up on an elbow, “we--”
, John, please--touch me,” his voice grew quiet with his command.
Edit: just fyi, I'm not going to make them have sex under false pretenses, because I was informed that would be stepping into non-con territory, which I definitely don't want!!! I know what I'll do, though--you'll see :P
John wanted to know if Sherlock’s nipples were getting hard, and what sounds he would make if John licked them. He gave a full body shiver, and Sherlock’s fingers tightened in his hair.
“I know. It’s only been a few months since Mary.”
Sherlock stared resolutely at the ceiling, forcing all expression from his face. “Nope.”
“Almost there,” he said.
John looked up and sighed in exasperation.
That happened a week and a half ago, and Sherlock decided to give John space. He didn’t know if John were grieving the loss of his daughter, or if he actually suspected Mary’s lie, too. John was always smarter than he looked. Sherlock wanted to ask him about it, but didn’t want to cross any boundaries. If enough time passed and John didn’t leave her, then Sherlock would tell him. John didn’t deserve to be married to someone who did nothing but deceive him.
“Really?” he looked up at her.
Sherlock put immense effort into disguising the disappointment in his reply. “Yes, it’s certainly a start.”
, oh god, that feels good,” his long legs shifted against the chair, toes curling into the carpet (he’d kept his socks on, and it was strangely cute).
His features weren’t entirely clear, the only light source in the room coming from the flashing television screen, but Sherlock could see that his eyes were bleary, and the hair on the right side of his head, the side facing the sofa, was ruffled. John had been sleeping. The quilt covered his legs and part of his torso, but Sherlock could see that he was no longer wearing the wine-colored jumper, and was instead clad in a white T-shirt. He did take a shower, after all, and Sherlock must have fallen asleep again before John left the bathroom. John must have came back into the sitting room, saw Sherlock sleeping, and sat down with him anyway. Why didn’t John wake him up, and why didn’t he go up to his old room?
“Right,” she nodded in understanding. “It’s quite a shock for me, too! But if you’re here, then you must have spent the night? I didn’t hear you come in this morning.”
John pulled back, heart thumping. He could feel the heat of Sherlock’s cheeks on his face. “We should’ve done this a long time ago,” he murmured.
Mycroft rolled his eyes. “I came because I have an update on Ms. Morstan.”
“I should have known,” Sherlock said, shaking his head in frustration. “I’m
“You should nap,” Sherlock mumbled. “I still need to text Lestrade the details about two of the cases, anyway.”
“Bye, boys!”
John dismissed the thought and made the expression on his face as blank as possible. He didn’t feel like getting deduced by Sherlock. In any case, Sherlock didn’t hate Rosie, and John would forever be glad for that, although he can’t say her birth was exactly great for their relationship, either. He knew it wasn’t her fault, though. She needed his care, and that required John to be away from Sherlock, and that was just that. If anything, her birth only exposed how fragile their relationship truly was.
They shifted into a conversation about Lestrade’s own kids, and Sherlock zoned out. Lestrade’s confrontation was on his mind. This really was getting harder to maintain. His lies were catching up to him. He didn’t expect Lestrade to be so angry on John’s behalf, but it made sense. The two of them were friends, after all. Being presented with the truth by a bystander hurt. Sherlock was fucking with John’s heart, to borrow Lestrade’s phrasing. Even though he decided not to be intimate, he knew John would never forgive him.
“Not exactly. I knew the case didn’t need my urgent attention, but now it does, so here I am. Could be dangerous. Want to come?”
“Of course,” Sherlock looked at him. “Do you think a stranger sent you a bouquet of roses?”
John rubbed his eyes, but the weariness pulling down his eyelids remained. He couldn’t remember the last time he got a full night’s sleep. First his mind was plagued by images of Mary, and now he couldn’t stop thinking about Sherlock. There was a time in his life when that brought a smile to his face, albeit wistful. Not anymore.
John's mother had always taught him that he shouldn't care what anyone else thinks, as long as you do what you've got to do. How could he ignore him though when it was clear that his father would despise his one source of happiness?
But then I realised that everyone in my car was fine and it was our other men who had been caught in the landmine, not us. Immediately I was moving, commanding others to do the same aswell.
"John, you look ridiculous in beanies."
Molly nodded in response. “Of course.”
I don't know how long I was sitting with him, closing him in against my chest. I don't know when it was that I let go of him, one final time. But I did, eventually. Reluctantly.
Not having you here is destroying me, Sherlock and God do I love you. I love you so bloody much.
There is nothing I can say or do that will make this remotely better. Still, John moves his hand. Up and down. Up and down. It's as if he's telling himself that he could have been worse, that he could have been quadriplegic instead. He will always try to see the best in everything. However, he doesn't speak, just stares on and on.
Aileen asks whether I would like her or Mycroft to take me outside and I don't have to think twice before answering. My brother grips the chair and pushes me outside to the courtyard where we sit, enjoying the fresh air. It is Mycroft who talks first.
"That is a valid point." John returned the smile and rested his forehead against Sherlock's, breathing warm breath onto his face. A blush rose up Sherlock's cheeks as John looked him in the eyes, a thousand emotions conveyed through just one look. Sherlock tilted his chin upwards and sought John's lips with his own, pressing his tongue into the wetness of John's mouth. "I love you, Sherlock."
Feeling inside his coat pocket, Sherlock touches the lighter in it. He takes it out, clicking down with his thumb and watching as the fire ignites, a new light in the ever growing darkness. He remains mesmerised as he watches the flame flicker, the colours merging together to create once singular burst of luminescence.
“So, Sherlock is it? My name is Patricia and I am here to help you and support you whilst you’re going through this very difficult time.”
“No…” Sherlock’s thumb brushes against John’s nape before he rests his head on John’s, carefully turning it so that his cheek brushes against his hair. They are like a puzzle, a key fitting into a lock. “…but it is what it is.”
The ambulance arrives within minutes and a paramedic is politely asking me to step away from John so they can attend to him. I oblige, squeezing John's hand with the smallest amount of pressure, just to let him know that I'm not going anywhere. His eyes stay fixed on mine, like I told him to. Questions are being asked to him and he looks dazed, as if he can't quite focus on the words that are being spoken. I can't blame him.
“Not everyone has the ability to deduce like you and your brother, Sherlock.” Mr Holmes says.
The gun in question is actually John’s gun, now feeling much lighter than it was when it had left Baker Street. The detective has his hands wrapped around it, knuckles white except for the spatters of blood painting them. He is crouching on the ground and leaning over something which Lestrade is trying his best to remain oblivious to but is failing to do so, and staring.
Lestrade was the next to speak. “You think he’ll be ok? Sherlock, I mean.”
Sherlock’s hand cups John’s jaw before travelling downwards, gently grazing against the scar on his chest, before reaching his hips. Down further. John inhales and presses his face into Sherlock’s shoulder, before laying back against the bed, mouth open, utterly content.
I'm by his side in an instant, as is Lestrade. The Detective Inspector is swearing, shouting curses as he fumbles for his phone. I feel his hand on my shoulder as I look down at John. There are screams but they are not from John. I have no consideration for that.
As he pulled out of Sherlock, John noticed that he was in fact still very hard, his cock throbbing and wet with precome. In an instant, John had bobbed his head down, nestling his face into Sherlock's thick pubic hair and began to suck, swirling his tongue around the tip of his cock. Sherlock came with a shout, his hands bunching into fists in the duvet.
