"It makes sense now," she said with a slow shake of her head, leaning back on the door-frame as her eyes drifted back to him; he could not read what she was thinking, was nowhere near as good at this as she or her children. "He looked as if he'd had his heart ripped right out, I've never seen him so... so
, Sherlock, and I can't do it with one hand!" John's eyes flew up to meet Sherlock's, irritation at his incapability to do such a simple task flowing freely into the room, making no effort to stop it. "You could help me, you know!"
Mycroft's voice grumbled from the hallway as made his way to the bathroom. "If she'd listened in the
Sherlock leaned over, slamming the glass on the bedside table with a loud SMACK and instantly turning back to his friend with, to John's surprise, fists quite as clenched as his own. "How can I think? How can I think when my mind is full of... of
shit-show waiting for him behind the curtains? His life was a bloody soap opera, and he'd just delivered the second worst news he could have ever brought to the table – why, he had no idea. Maybe it had been the way they'd all been skirting around the tension, or perhaps it had been to stop Neil's terrible attempts at casual conversation; he didn't know, and he didn't care.
Yes, that was exactly what he'd expected and the expectation didn't make it any easier to hear; his sigh was full of unspoken thoughts, fluttering around him like sadistic reminders of his situation. "Right."
There was moment of hollow quiet as every person in the room waited, silent and still other than John who picked up his wine glass again and took a few sips in order to keep himself from saying something he would regret; slowly Sherlock lowered himself back into his chair and turned his head slightly towards Mrs. Holmes, meeting her eyes at the last moment. "I'm sorry, Mother. That was insensitive of me."
“You’re exhausted,” Sherlock contradicted sharply, “you haven’t had nearly as much sleep today as you usually would. Your body isn’t used to it.”
As Mrs. Holmes sat down next to him and proceeded to pour both him and herself a glass of wine, Mr. Holmes leaned forward and started to spoon some peas onto his plate; Mycroft did the same with the cauliflower, Sherlock reluctantly reaching out with a large fork to pierce some already carved chicken and slipping it onto the edge of his plate. Instantly the sounds of cutlery against china and the clinking of glasses filled the room, a comforting sort of hush falling over them as they filled their plates and sipped at their wine. Eventually Mycroft broke the silence.
"Mother, it's already half past one. Chances are on a day like today that parking spaces in Portsmouth are already full and we'd just end up circling the same area many times before deciding it's not worth it and turning back to head home again. A wasted day." Sherlock settled himself back into his seat again. "We might as well take the risk and see where we end up."
"Yeah. So I could use some advice. Not sure girls being in love with you helps either, considering you're already a lesbian."
He had not asked Sherlock the question lingering on the tip of his tongue – in the end he had not wanted to, though whether it was to spare Sherlock the feelings that would accompany such a confession or to save himself from having to hear the answer he did not know. They had simply sat in the quiet, occasionally meeting one another’s gaze as they waited for the inevitable cavalry to arrive – preserving the quiet for as long as possible. Both of them knew that, after this, things would not be as simple (as if they were simple before) and that something would change; neither of them knew what or how and it was an unspoken agreement not to discuss it, but either way, the silence was welcome.
The genius glared at him like he was the biggest idiot in the room; technically he probably was. "Yes. A significant amount of time."
"No, no, it's absolutely fine – I'm glad you knew something about me before I got here, it would've been very awkward to turn up without you even knowing my name." He could only manage a small smile. "Clearly Sherlock wasn't ever going to tell you about me."
Sherlock's tiny smile vanished, eyes focusing blankly on the sink in the corner.. "Yes, I overheard quite clearly. It seems that you two didn't quite get on."
"My thoughts precisely," Mycroft murmured, scrolling through his phone and finding John Watson's number, stored there a week ago. "Let's go to his next likely addiction, shall we?"
"Please don't evoke a nervous breakdown from her before we even get there," Sherlock called sarcastically from somewhere downstairs, "you know how erratic her driving is when she's stressed."
it? - before muttering a curse and looking instead on the shelf above the shirts, rummaging through it until he found a pair of jeans and a long-sleeved black top, deciding that at least if he were to have another ridiculous display of ungainly limbs he would at least spill whatever he was drinking or eating onto items of clothing he didn't really give two damns about.
"I'll say," she said with a laugh, though there was an obvious tinge of sadness behind it. "He never really got over it. He's engaged to some other woman now but he still texts me, telling me he'd give it up if I ever told him I wanted to be with him. It's sad."
"All right." John reached up with both hands and placed them lightly upon Sherlock's shoulders. "Just... kiss me. Like usual. Just lips."
He found himself hesitating, the question on the edge of his tongue. It spilled out eventually. "Is Sherlock not here?"
"You are so fucking in denial," Greg cut across exasperatedly, torn between a grin and a grimace. "That or you are genuinely even stupider than I am."
A slow grin found its way onto Greg's face. "You are such a fucking romantic. Seriously. That's some intense crap you've just spewed out right there."
. “I – look, it's none of your business. We've texted a few times, is that what you wanted to hear?”
Nodding, his friend took a glance around him and then looked back to John. "I remember, it's mental, absolutely mental. If you need a hand with anything...?"
"No," John said without hesitation, shaking his head. "No, if you drink wine you'll end up throwing up within half an hour."
Pushed into consciousness by Sherlock’s ignorance, John managed to pull enough energy from within him to swing his legs out of bed and groan himself into a standing position; his head swam, alcohol clearly not yet out of his system. He staggered over to the door, taking a quick trip to the toilet before staggering back and leaning himself against the cool sink as he filled a glass with water and drank it down thirstily. He did this three more times before his stomach felt so full and bloated that he could drink no more, then reaching for his toothbrush and starting his morning routine in order to make himself feel more human. As he brushed his teeth he shuffled back over to the bed, plucking his phone from amidst the blankets and reading Sherlock’s latest message:
“Believe me, Sherlock,” John’s voice was quiet but firm, “I know exactly what I’m getting with you.”
Apparently she hadn't failed to notice the amount of champagne he'd consumed the night before. He gave her a sheepish grin. "No, full English sounds amazing. I actually feel all right, considering... well. You know."
John's entire body felt as if it were falling, his stomach knotting and jumping terribly. "Excuse me?"
"Perhaps you're not suited for the straight life," Mycroft mused quietly from across the table, taking a calm sip of his wine; John felt as if the pea were still lodged in his throat. Tim passed him another napkin.
card again, managing to avoid Sherlock's cruel hand of destruction on his knee, though they all soon discovered Sherlock's disturbingly acute observation skills when the
Their fingers brushed as he took it. Sherlock just about managed to stop himself from the sharp intake of breath that was irritatingly perched at the edge of his throat, letting go of the glass instantly and grabbing his own with too firm a grasp and spilling it on his shirt in the process. The liquid sloshed onto the material loudly, bright against the pale blue, reminiscent almost of the same stain upon John's shirt just the night before... though this was only wine. Sherlock was not hurt as John had been hurt. It was not a disaster. He could deal with this easily. He sighed and placed the glass down, starting to unbutton the shirt with deft fingers without even thinking, he had reached the last button before he realised, his eyes flying to meet John's – whose own gaze was fixed intently on Sherlock's graceful, dexterous fingers – and freezing there as his fingers stilled.
Moments later his phone began to ring; hazily he answered the call, bringing it to his ear and closing his eyes.
It was too much - John felt his body give way to the roaring and the dizziness as he began to crumple in on himself, muscles giving out as his shoulder made direct contact with Sherlock's chest; for a moment he was certain he was going to fall, the pavement coming at him too fast to stop himself but just as he closed his eyes to face the impact, out of nowhere a pair of hands were gripping him tight by his upper arms and pulling him against something warm, solid. The scent of Sherlock wrapped around him and the feel of an expensive, soft shirt brushed against his cheek as a low, deep voice rolled and vibrated against him – the concern, the urgency… it was utterly unfamiliar.
The room was dark; he could not see John, or at least not in detail; he simply looked towards the lump of blankets on the sofa and directed his voice towards it. "I thought I told you to rest."
John clenched his jaw. "Right. So. You're saying I'm stuck like this forever? No, wait, that's not an option because if I
The rest of Tuesday and the entirety of Wednesday passed so quickly for John that he could barely comprehend it; his days were a wash of walking, food and various activities that most would consider mundane – he accompanied Wanda to her weekly shop at the nearest supermarket (which happened to be a forty-five minute drive away) and was regaled with stories of her two sons in their childhood, embarrassing tales that no doubt would make Sherlock positively
a woman, and therefore it was John's responsibility to him to ensure that he did not go too far, too soon. Though he was determined not to treat Sherlock like a delicate little flower, he certainly had to make sure he was not putting his own awakening needs before Sherlock's.
Sherlock drummed his fingertips lightly against his knee. "Mm. You did look a little shell-shocked."
Well I was kind of waiting for a response from you... I thought you would reply to my email with a place to meet so assumed you'd decided not to go ahead with this tutoring thing
... but his mind felt full regardless. He tried to think about the course material that they would be covering today, the material that he would miss – something to do with genes – but it was all a bit difficult to focus on, so John gave up on that. Instead he let his mind attempt to latch on to his and Mike's big night out tomorrow, thinking of how he would finally get to speak to that girl he'd seen constantly around campus, Mary something... and yet that didn't hold either. The thought just whirled itself away with the others, blurring into a dull sort of grey mess as it span in the recesses of his mind and leaving him simply staring at nothing, thinking of nothing.
"It's almost been a month, John." She sounded almost as if she were scolding him. "I want to know if I have to give you my guitar or not."
On the way back from shopping she began chatting quite gaily away about the ball again, turning down the radio so that she could wax lyrical about it without Michael Jackson and the kid that was, according to the lyrics, not his son trying to interfere. "Two more sleeps, are you excited? Honestly, John, it really is such good fun. You'll look so handsome in your tuxedo, I'm so glad we found one at Franco's – and wait until you see Sherlock,
"I assure you, Mycroft is more than capable of diagnosing me; he's a better physician than any nearby, believe me."
Another bark of laughter, followed by more wet coughing; John had to force himself to remain where he stood, his odd sense of loyalty to Sherlock making him utterly determined not to embarrass his friend by unintentionally insulting Lewis. "Lovely, lovely. Sorry 'bout that," he pointed to his throat, shrugging, "comes and goes."
me to behave.” Seeing the expectant look upon her face, he sighed, brushing his palms a little too violently down his trouser leg. “Yes, I miss him and, yes, it's... odd to not be with him after the last few weeks. As it would have been before all of the... stuff.”
“John informed him of where you were going,” Mycroft continued, seemingly dispassionate about the fact. “Has he taken up residence with the two of you now? I had thought that the third bedroom was in use as a storage solution…” His misty blue eyes watched Sherlock carefully as he spoke, reading his brother just as well as Sherlock could read anybody. “…but perhaps the extra bed isn’t required.”
"Are absolutely none of your business, Mummy," Mycroft's voice cut across John as he came into view from the dining room, hands in his pockets and brow curved. John had never been so happy to see the man in his entire life. His palms were sweating. "Really, he's been here barely two days and you're already terrorising him."
Wanda's cheeks seemed to flush further still. "Oh, no. No. Sherlock's far too busy with his doctorate to have any loftier pursuits going on in the background."
A slight movement and the sudden added warmth of a hand on top of the covers, perilously close to Sherlock's leg; John's voice was very soft. "I'm sorry."
Sherlock's lips separated, quiet for a few moments before he spoke. "Well... I did entertain you earlier. And have done for the last week. Quite a lot."
Sherlock caught up quickly, falling into his long and graceful stride at John's left-hand side. "You've never seen anything quite like it, John. It's a wonderful place to explore after opening hours."
"Considering the... breakdown of your relationships. If you were to allow yourself to play upon the idea of... of
; this they had first discovered upon his reaction to the death of their family dog, alongside his foray into recreational drug-use. His more recent dabblings, extreme in their development and depth, were even more of a downfall (at least in Mycroft's opinion, though he was aware from the way that his mother now looked when referring to both Sherlock and John that she was absolutely thrilled at this show of emotional normalcy) and were certain to make for difficult times ahead. Mycroft had never, in all his twenty-six years of life, allowed sentiment to be a mitigating factor in any of his transgressions, and to see his little brother so brutally grasped within the throes of whatever it was between he and his playmate... it was concerning. More than concerning. Whether Mycroft wanted to admit it or not, he knew that – much like himself – Sherlock was a rare entity when it came to matters of intelligence and outlook, and he couldn't at all see a future whereupon this odd breed of friendship between the two students would end well.
Sherlock let his hand drop from his lips, a small bloom of blood welling to the surface where his teeth had been. “Then go. Sleep.” He made no move to leave. “I may stay here tonight.”
Sherlock was in the bathroom, the tap running and the door slightly ajar; his voice carried out, still sounding so frustratingly calm and centred that John began to genuinely wonder if it was his over-active mind creating problems that weren't really there. "A barrel of laughs."
“Deny it all you like, but lingering in the depths of you is someone who longs to hear those words in a genuine setting. You’d like nothing more than for me to turn up on your doorstep with a single red rose before I gently serenade you with one of those awful ballads from the 90’s that are still somehow fawned upon and adored even today.”
most ambiguous man I've ever known, so please ask me to read into whatever you're trying to say, just... say it." He looked up as the last piece of bandage fell from his hand, revealing a blood-streaked palm and very angry-looking cut. "If it's not too much to ask."
her and expect her to want to suck your knob just because of some sort of misogynistic expectation." Harry sounded genuinely annoyed. "Leave the poor girl alone and let her enjoy her carpet."
He did not know what he was doing, but he thought that perhaps that was all right considering John seemed to know
"You use that terrible recycled paper, I wanted to know how quickly it disintegrated in comparison to -"
Sherlock closed his eyes, words building up behind his desperate tongue but his mind as ever keeping him from releasing them into the cavernous room. He chose his response carefully, deliberately, ignoring Mycroft’s allusion to his friend. “Drastic is an overstatement. I’m simply doing it to appease you and stop you from insisting that Greg limit his social life in order to keep an eye on me.”
“What has changed?” Mycroft asked. “Until today it seemed that everything was fine, everything was… settled. Something has to have happened.”
Sherlock's fingers hovered over the keyboard, a flicker of something like amusement skating over his long, pale face. "Stop trying to distract me by attempting to be charming. You came here under the condition that you keep in regular contact with him and, so far, you've been a complete disappointment."
"Should've made a cup of tea," Tim joked as he relinquished his grip on Wanda, walking around John and picking up a pan and a stack of plates, starting to put them away, "Wanda would've adopted you on the spot!"
The voice was well-spoken, higher in pitch than Sherlock's. "Er, yes. Um... may I speak to Sherlock, please?"
William allowed a moment to consider this. "Would you go as far as to consider it... a silver lining?"
It took only a moment for Sherlock to grasp Mycroft's reference; the last time they had spoken openly, or in the very least the last time that
"You're a bloody idiot," John murmured, his fingertips pressing hard against Sherlock's chest, "and so am I. Because all it bloody took was a bloody song from your bloody violin and suddenly I'm absolutely certain that if you'd just done that last week we wouldn't even have had to go through all of this."
"It's not exactly high on my list of priorities. If I wanted to experience the symptoms of sexual excitement I'd just... well. I don't know. Break into a highly guarded building, perhaps."
The incredulity on John’s face was a beautiful picture to behold, if only because it was so easy to read. “I… well, I
Sherlock did not laugh at the ridiculous question, though the slight eye-roll was a clear enough indicator that it was a stupid query. Still, he did answer.
John gave a tiny huff of irritation as his hand continued to stumble over the button, rolling his eyes to the ceiling before giving in and lifting his injured left hand to the shirt, hissing quietly as he bent his fingers and felt the tightness of the bandage press over the throbbing wound. "All right."
"Oh, believe me, they don't need to know how to break people's hearts in order to do it. Sherlock has an entire harem after him from the class he lectures on Saturdays."
cards to Sherlock, the dark-haired man seemingly indifferent as he swallowed gulp after gulp of vodka and lemonade, refilling his drink and continuing as if he were quite unaffected. To John's relief, Sherlock did not get the
"Please, you have your own shit to be dealing with – don't think I've forgotten about your depression, mate. And now you've got Sherlock to be getting on with too, which believe me won't be easy. It's never easy the first time."
John had to swallow thickly twice before he was able to get the words out without punctuating them with a colourful array of swear-words. "So far nothing could be further from the truth."
And that was that. John was done. He was done. He gave her hands one last squeeze, leaned forward and pressed one last kiss to her perfectly powdered cheek, and then he turned away and looked towards Harry without a single moment of hesitation.
the one who should be embarrassed for acting like a flustered teenager just from hearing your voice…"
John could only nod - it had gone from vaguely uncomfortable to powerfully intense in the quickest of flashes, something he was only just starting to get used to within his friendship with a certain genius. He was out of his depth here.
"Mmhm." The clipboard went back down on the desk. "So your friend thinks you need counselling but you don't. Yet you're still here." The intent stare was not letting up. "In my experience, John, people agree to do things for other people but only follow through with them if they have their own reasons for doing so."
, I'm saying very obviously that you just perfectly described yourself to me. You have to know that that's
I won’t go into details John; forgive me, but I feel I couldn’t possibly put my downfall into the right words. What I can tell you is that Vicodin was eventually overtaken at the age of seventeen by the drug I am now suffering withdrawal symptoms from, a drug that I quickly fell in arduous love with and became utterly obsessed with in a way that I… well. I simply cannot put it into words. But it was a dangerous fall and clearly, two years later, I am still struggling with my battle against it. My parents suffered at the hands of my addiction – my brother too, a source of resentment that I am most certain has not yet dissipated – this happening after a particularly terrible overdose, something that left me in a coma and almost destroyed both my life and the lives of those around me.
proud of was the fact that Sherlock had a friend rather than the fact that John was... well. John. He imagined it was probably the first time she'd ever been able to say such a thing. "He's here as Sherlock's plus one."
John's jaw stiffened. "Someone who'd quite like to speak with Sherlock. Is there a reason he's unavailable or...?"
Sherlock did not need to say aloud that he was no longer talking about her or their session. She knew that he was talking about John. Thinking about John. Here for John.
"BOYS!" Wanda tapped her hand firmly against the table, frowning at them both over her glass of orange juice. "We'll be having none of that today, not after such a glorious evening and in the view of such a
"Oh, I just wondered if there was a reason behind the decision, an inspiration perhaps." Mycroft was clearly enjoying himself. "Nothing more than that."
Something flashed across Sherlock's face, ceasing John's words mid-sentence, making them trail off into a very awkward silence; his expression took on a mix of emotion, twisted from the original mocking smirk as it combined with something... what was it? Disappointment? Hurt? No, no, it was... guilt. Genuine guilt. Sherlock's lips separated with words he seemingly couldn't form, his eyes narrowing as he looked away and to Greg in the doorway, but it was clear to John that he wasn't really
John shook his head again, forcing his eyes open as wide as he could. “No, I’m fine, Sherlock. Really. Talk to me.” He forced himself to remain on the edge of the sofa, determined not to sink back into the soft leather lest he give in to the warmth and comfort and drift off.
Speaking of which – he pulled out his phone and began to quickly type a message, barely looking at the screen as he completed and sent it.
Greg looked at him in sheer disbelief. "Are you... right, yeah, you're actually serious. Bloody hell."
Neither of them voiced the fact that John could have easily done this part himself as Sherlock began to move the flannel firmly over John's bare skin.
With a roll of his eyes and a flick of his coat, Sherlock was at John's side in a mere moment. "Lying won't get you anywhere, you're terrible at it. Show me."
Just to hear Sherlock's voice at a point where he had never felt further from him was enough to make him all at once positively vibrate with relief.
Still only half-conscious, John shrugged the hand off and rolled over onto his side, facing away from the deep, gruff tones which could only belong to one person. "Sleeping."
Sherlock stopped at the end of the alley, waiting for John to catch up with him. "Just some information he's been collecting for me."
"Stop saying no when what you really mean is 'oh, fuck'. Accept it so that you can start figuring out what to do from here."
Lewis grinned, revealing several gold teeth and more than a few missing. "Course. Went to a bit of trouble for it, too."
Oh god. He still had to figure out where he was living next year. "Yeah, we can't stay in campus accommodation."
John could feel the weight of all of the last week's considerations start to crumble. He could barely understand his own feelings at this point and now he was being forced to reconsider Sherlock's."It was a mistake?"
John's eyes rolled of their own accord. "All right, calm down. Yes, there was a ball and, no, we didn't kiss
John resisted the impulse to do the exact opposite. "I..." This was becoming obscene, all this tension and no viable reason for it, it was ridiculous. "Sherlock, we just need to talk about what...whatever's bothering you. You're..." Why was he struggling to find words? It was as if he couldn't get enough oxygen, his rapidly accelerating heart berating him for not breathing enough. He took in a deep, unexpectedly staggered breath. "You're not... yourself."
The door creaked open slowly; John tried to loosen his fists, forcing himself to stand up as first a foot, then a leg, then finally a body followed into John's bedroom and stood – slightly hunched, thin and looking so very much older than his 47 years – opposite his son.
"Quiet, sweetie, no need to be embarrassed." Sherlock winked at John, suddenly seeming to be in a remarkably good mood. "Greg's not blind to our raw, sexual tension."
"Are you..." John tried to find the right words. "I don't know, are you... seeing anyone? Professionally? A group, maybe?"
John stared, lips separated, at the man opposite him; his heart tugged mercilessly, demanding that he go over to him and place a hand on his shoulder, his cheek, his lips – but he couldn't. It was too risky. There would be a moment for that later. "Don't say that."
Sherlock interrupted him swiftly. "You're thinking about this from all the wrong perspectives. You have depression, John, your ability to function and think normally have been hugely impaired yet you're trying to analyse this situation as if it were
John stared at the words, shaking his head slowly back and forth as he took in the man's pure, ridiculous ignorance.
Surprise shadowed Sherlock’s face before a tiny flicker of understanding glittered in his eyes. “I did say that.”
John could not miss the way Sherlock's entire body began to shake at his words, hand dangerously unsteady on the glass – he reached forward to take it before there was an accident of sorts, fingers outstretched and just brushing the glass before Sherlock's left hand shot out without warning and whacked it out of the way, taking no care to be gentle. Their flesh connected with a sharp 'slap', John's eyes widening first in surprise and then instinctual anger, Sherlock's snapping open and fixing in all their intensity on his friend's face – the expression on his face was shockingly raw, his limbs into trembling waves.
"From the way Mycroft's been talking it sounds as if you'll be joining them soon!" Wanda's eyes were curious – oh, she had so many questions. John could see it burning like a fire within her. It made him nervous. "Sounds like you three are quite the little friendship group!"
"Ye- hang on, how do you know that?" John stopped, realising the stupidity of the question. "Don't bother answering, I forgot that you know everything about me."
"Wanda, come on," Tim insisted quietly, letting the paper fall to his lap as he focused his own misty brown gaze on his wife, "leave him alone."
Jim leaned forward across the desk. "If I'm right about you, John, and I hope you'll forgive me for making assumptions so early on, but I think that any time you spend alone you tend to analyse yourself too much, spend too much time being self-reflective. It makes you angry, makes you feel weak and out of control. I think that if we spend a little time in these sessions focusing on your actions and words towards other people you may find that you actually have a greater grasp of yourself in the company of others than you do on your own."
Surprised, John stopped buttering the toast and looked up at him. Sherlock's eyes were fixed wholly on his own moving hands. "Really?"
John stopped on the fourth rock, turning to watch as Sherlock stepped his way carefully onto the first and then second mound of stone. "It's not me you should be worried about, actually - I should be looking out for
that you'll find some way to avoid getting caught and it'll just be me getting arrested and charged with breaking and entering." He glanced back over his shoulder at Sherlock, watching the man's face twist into frustration. "Why don't we just come back when it's open?"
He did not miss Mycroft's eyes sliding down to rest upon his face as he stared out at the darkened expanse of lawn in front of him. "Would you regret simply remaining friends with him?"
He decided to go for the less snarky options bubbling within his head considering he was currently stuck in the backseat of a car, in traffic, on a rather hot day with an increasingly irritable teenager. "Pale. Frustrated. Edgy."
“I don’t want that,” Sherlock stipulated, his voice gentling as he undoubtedly saw the confusion etched upon John’s tight expression, “and I certainly don’t want to cause you emotional turmoil simply from my presence. That is the last thing I could ever want, if you can believe that. Despite… everything.”
"And..." John sighed, suddenly wishing he had just let Mycroft carry on talking about how bad the situation was. "I don't know, Mycroft, it's complicated. He's my best friend. I don't really know how to differentiate between the feelings I have and the feelings
"Of course I am," he agreed, the lack of emotion almost funny in its contrast with his acquiescence. "My brother decides to tell my housemate something that I told him in the strictest of confidence and then my housemate, idiot extraordinaire, tells the only person in the world that I wouldn't want to know about it and – let's ensure the perfect finale –
He turns, the room a blur of low-lighting and ice-blue intensity. His lips separate and the words escape without a moment to spare:
Icy eyes were still watching him intently. “Want to sleep? I can get you some blankets. Mrs. Hudson has plenty stored away in the central heating cupboard.”
Slowly her head shook from side to side, her own body following his as she rose from her seat as if in slow motion. “You don't... you don't have to leave. Don't leave.” A thread of desperation, masked instantly by a smile – christ, it was almost scary. The switch. The switch which could be flipped in her head whenever she wanted it to be. Her lipstick cracked, her face frozen in place, utterly in control despite what she was truly thinking, feeling. “Don't leave, sweetheart. Stay. You haven't even had dessert yet. You're not supposed to leave for another two days.”
An hour and a half after leaving the cottage they found themselves stuck in a traffic jam that seemed to go on for miles – it wasn't so terrible at first, Tim and Wanda singing even louder as if to drown out their own irritation, but eventually it reached a point where Sherlock was growing more and more noticeably frustrated, not saying a word but fidgeting occasionally and staring out of the window with increasingly narrowed eyes. He began pulling at his jeans (Wanda had refused to let him leave the house with his smart trousers on) as if plucking bits of fluff from them, fiddling with the edge of his white polo-neck t-shirt and eventually sighing so long and so loud that even Tim noticed.
a month or so ago." She was nodding even as she seemed to think it over. "Yes, that's about right, isn't it Tim? End of April?"
"Yes, you are. It's terribly rude of you." Mycroft walked calmly over to where John was sitting and allowed himself to settle next to him, crossing his legs and looking up at his mother with a reproachful expression he could have copied and pasted from her own face. "John and Sherlock's business is none of yours, regardless of what may or may not be going on between them."
"Well yeah," Greg was laughing again, "of course it was Sherlock. I could tell that just by looking at your face when I walked in."
Sherlock sighed, his breath coming out in a cloud of white. "If by choice you mean never having had the desire to attempt finding someone even relatively suitable for me then, yes, it's a choice."
His father plundered on. "I can see you standing there, an adult, and I know that you must have things you want to say to me, things you've probably been wanting to say for a long time. I know I've been a mess, son, but I'm... I'm back in group, I'm cleaning myself up, and I think that if -"
Sherlock shifted slightly in his seat, his vulnerability cloaking him and making him throw out a defensive shield against her. "Aware of what?"
With that, he pulled the door open and stepped out into the cooling night air without even taking a coat, reaching behind him to close the door quietly without turning to face the house again. His footsteps were quick, the sound of them fading out until John was staring at the closed door with nothing but the sound of his own breathing in his ears.
was enjoying this too. He was starting to wish he'd just left them to have sex. "And he's in love with you? Sounds like your brother's a chip off the old block," she teased Harry, a flurry of movement at the end of the phone emitting a peal of giggles, "people falling for him days after meeting him."
Chucking his phone back onto the bed and pulling open his wardrobe to see what clean clothes he had available to him (slim pickings, he’d really have to do some washing soon), he ended up reluctantly choosing a plain white shirt and a black and grey striped jumper to go over the top – not his usual style at all, but it would have to do when the rest of his options were t-shirts that would drown his small frame, and dirty, probably a bit smelly clothes he really, seriously needed to chuck in the wash.
"I won't go into detail now – it is not the time, nor the place. What I can tell you, as it appears I must offer you
it does," Sherlock mumbled, his face half-covered. "You just threatened to throw my violin across the room!"
Feeling as if he'd been hit by a fifty-ton truck, John blinked rapidly and tried to assort his thoughts so that his words would make sense. “Gay? No, no, that wasn't at all what I -”
As he walked out into the hallway and sank his foot onto the first step, her voice followed him, so quiet he was unsure that he had heard correctly -
"Oh, no, you must call me Wanda," she said with a wave of her hand, bustling around and putting various pans filled with water on to boil, "no need to stand on ceremony with us. Like I said earlier, any friend of Sherlock's is a friend of ours."
John poked at the meat with the spatula, trying to ignore his desire to turn around and face the man who still so clearly did not want him here. "I don't know if you've noticed, Sherlock, but she's not exactly unobservant."
had taken place. He managed a small "err..." before he remembered his responsibility to Mike, tearing his eyes away from the periwinkle stare and razor-sharp cheekbones of the genius standing mere metres away from him and shoving a smile on his face big enough to fool anyone as drunk as Mike clearly was.
William's eyes narrowed, uncomfortably judgemental. "Yes, I'd imagine you wouldn't. Amazing what a few drinks can do for depression."
Chuckling quietly to himself, John reached into his pocket and pulled out his phone to check the time; he pressed the power button and waited impatiently as his screen took its time to light up before him.
card appeared multiple times; every time someone got the card and a few minutes subtly put their thumb on the table he was always the first one to notice, a roll of his eyes and continuing mutters of 'amateurs' on his lips alerting them all as he placed his own thumb on the table. Luckily it seemed that the girls were worst at this one, far more intoxicated than anyone else at the table and often erupting in fits of giggles every time one of them lost out and had to take a drink.
"Well then," Wanda cut in before Mycroft could say something undoubtedly harsh in return, a look of pure determination on her face, "that's settled. John, have you ever been to Portsmouth?"
He pulled out his phone without even thinking about it, too edgy and too impatient to stop himself, thumbs hammering out a message and sending it in less than a minute:
"Go home, John. I'll be in touch." The line went dead; John held the phone to his ear for a few lingering moments before slowly bringing it down to his side and letting it hang there, useless.
The words were exactly what he needed to hear and equally everything that he could not accept. "Last night, after things became too intense – and I won't discuss that, I can't, not now – I went to my brother and confessed… well. Everything. I embarrassed myself. Still, he was accepting. He didn't judge me." He hadn't even realised the importance of that before now. He sat quietly for a moment before continuing. "He wasn't surprised."
A quiet sigh filled the space between them. "I know. I know that you didn't leave just to make me feel lonely as some sort of... punishment."
He had to maintain control. It would not do him, nor John, any good if he were to punch John's father in the face.
into its cramped corners to protect his modesty – he had to somehow resign himself to Mycroft smirking behind his back as Mrs. Holmes darted back and forth with various jackets and bow ties, holding them up against John's bare skin and proclaiming them to either be too dark, too bright or too pale. Tim seemed content just to nod and agree with his wife's analysis, looking around himself with mild interest as if he'd never been to such a place; John wasn't a fool, he knew that Tim was merely trying to give him some semblance of privacy. Even if Wanda seemed determined to treat him like a third son, completely non-perturbed in the sight of his faded boxer shorts, Tim seemed at least to understand just how gut-wrenchingly awkward John was feeling. Mycroft naturally just worked to heighten his discomfort, commenting on how Sherlock wouldn't like certain cravats and colours, making a point to twist his face in disgust and say in deep, mocking tones, "oh no, he'd
– and that he had been rendered incapable of being responsible for his actions. He knew at some stage during the last few seconds that Sherlock had dropped the towel to the floor, though he couldn't be sure if it had been whilst the darker-haired man had taken the last few steps to close the space between them or before that. It wasn't important. There was nothing of any import in those last few seconds. The only thing that mattered, the only thing that he really knew,
Sherlock waited a few moments. "It's all right." He pressed the flannel against John's chest again, leaving it in the centre and not moving it. "You're tired."
"Hush," Mrs. Holmes admonished, whacking his arm lightly before resuming her communication with John. "So, John, you must understand that the idea that perhaps Sherlock
The pale blue gaze that had been so gloriously focused on his was now playing at avoidance. "I wouldn't like to say."
my brother embarking on this odd little fray into friendship with someone so, forgive me but, ordinary?"
"No, sit down," Wanda said in a shaky voice, enthusiasm suddenly sucked dry and her hand trembling slightly as she put her wine glass on the tabletop. "Please, Sherlock. It's our first dinner as a family since you got home."
Sherlock is still holding the violin, his body stiff and still and silent as he lets the words pour out without even an attempt to calm John down; if he is surprised that John has come here at this time of the night to simply berate him for his reckless actions then it doesn't show. His face is impassive, indifferent, the line between sociopath and friend clearly drawn, yet even in John's overwhelmed state he knows that it is merely a defence mechanism. It cannot be that John's words are falling upon deaf ears. Sherlock has proven himself in recent months that he is so much more human than he ever was before his fall from St. Barts, and that in itself is enough to push John further, to push him into speaking the words burning a hole in his throat.
"They could always adopt," Katie said reasonably, the slight muffling of a duvet rustling in the background, "I mean, tons of gay couples do it."
Harry almost mirrored him, straightening herself and leaning forward more than she already had been. “I'm gay, John. I can't change that.”
now.” The man refrained from touching John, simply standing just a little too close and looking down at him over his rather expansive nose. “My brother is unwell and he should be at home where he can be properly… looked after.”
"Telling him what, exactly?" His throat was tight again, limiting the emotion in his words despite the surge of them. He hated his hormones. He hated this lack of control. He wished he was thirty years old, forty, certain that if he were older he would at least be able to ignore his growing feelings and come to a point that he could stand by and watch John move on with his life, fall in love elsewhere, marry, have children. "That there is no man better, warmer, more considerate? That he is the most simple, endearing, trustworthy creature I've ever come across? That I…" He stopped, waiting for the mania threatening to erupt from his chest to calm and settle. "No. No, I cannot tell him. That much is obvious."
"And I assume the consequence for not doing so is having to take a drink, as usual?" He sighed. "How
He hated it. He hated the guilt that came with these feelings, loathed the way he had started looking at Sharon in a new light, wished he was still as biased as ever so that it would make it easier to shut out the rest and focus on simply supporting her, as he had always done. It was impossible, though. He was starting to see what she had moulded herself into, the effect it had had on him, the way in which he had shaped
He could practically hear her pouting. "Fine, if you're not going to tell me… put him on the phone."
"Don't worry about me and my inability to conform to your needs," Mycroft said with a roll of his eyes, "I'm not offended at all."
"Regardless," Wanda said sharply, "it was a beautiful piece of music and everybody enjoyed it. That's about all that matters."
Rolling his eyes in the most patronising way possible, Sherlock lifted the glass to his lips and took a few sips. Every pair of eyes watched him closely, not looking away until they were each satisfied that he had had enough to drink; Greg was the last to look away, motioning for the next person to go.
John was struggling to keep up, breathless and dizzy and all kinds of not all right as he stumbled out onto the pavement; his hand was still tightly clutched to his heaving chest, his eyes closing and relishing the scent of clean air as he fought to keep himself upright. "Fine. I'm fine."
The figure of John seemed to hesitate for a moment, teetering on the edge of either moving forward or back – Sherlock couldn't tell – before he took the tiniest, most unthreatening step towards the bed that he possibly could and spoke a little softer, so quiet that Sherlock had to strain in order to hear him. "But I'm not tired."
“Course she did.” Greg leaned over across the conservatory table and picked up his can of Diet Coke. “Everything you could possibly think of. She doesn't quite understand why we need a third housemate or how he could possibly put up with you for long periods of time, but... yeah. She's pretty intrigued. Wants to meet him as soon as.”
After that, he wasn't really too sure of what happened. He could vaguely recall the smile turning to a gentle chuckle, then perhaps John reaching out and pressing his palm lightly against Sherlock's chest; he remembered the other hand moving, tangling into Sherlock's mess of curls again, John's eyes creasing at the edges with warmth and some sort of emotion that Sherlock hadn't seen before from the man standing in front of him – it was a nice look, he knew that much, but the identification was impossible when John chose to increase the proximity of their bodies and leaned up to press his lips awkwardly, hesitantly just below his cheekbone. There was a moment where Sherlock's eyes closed, unintentionally breathing in the scent spiralling around him, and another moment when he felt the lips upon his skin move and was gently replaced by the hot skin of John's forehead – the scent increased and he knew that from this moment forward he would not be able to erase it from his memory, that it would linger until he could breathe nothing else in without feeling disappointed that the familiar scent was not there.
Sherlock nodded in complete agreement. "I couldn't imagine ever replacing it. It has seen me through… many days."
Closing the front door quietly and taking slow, carefully measured steps to meet John in the kitchen, Sherlock forced himself to suppress the creeping sensation of awkward apprehension currently making its way through his stomach and up into his chest. "I think it's a fairly obvious assumption that they've had plenty of sex."
"Why would you give him ideas like that, John? You hate crowds just as much as I do! Or has your depression magically gone away
"Well, I'm awake now, John. Very awake. And it's your fault. I asked you to let me sleep, you refused. I asked you not to come into my room and, yet again, you denied me that. So now you're here and we're both awake."
" Tim stood up, exasperated. "Are you even listening to what the boy's saying? There's nothing to break up, they're just friends! Stop being such a drama queen!" He turned to John. "I'm so sorry, she does like to get ideas in her head -"
Now all he needed to do was convince Sherlock of the same thing – and he'd have his chance now. There, not too far from where he stood, John saw a figure cutting a lonely path up the hill; from a distance Sherlock looked like anybody else, someone taking a walk to a destination of their choosing without a single care in the world... and that made it more painful to see, somehow. To know that so many people would look at him and see a random 'anyone' when all John could see was the 'someone' he'd been desperate to find.
"Yeah, well, got a load of work to do and not enough time to do it," John pushed out with a laugh, shoving his hands deep into his jacket pocket and rocking back and forth on his heels; the movement calmed him a little. "You know what it's like, you remember your first year."
Yeah, I'm intelligent. Two months ago I could have finished this year with distinction, finished at the top of my class. Maybe I'm not as clever as you obviously are, but I work damned hard and I earn every single damn mark I get.
John was wishing he'd never even mentioned the idea of Sherlock being something other than himself. He hadn't meant it... or at least, he didn't
"You didn't give me a chance to respond to you," the voice cut across, stern, direct, "and that was rather rude of you. When we're having a discussion I would prefer that you give me at least a minute's notice before you simply drop out of a conversation."
There was no time for romance, for sentiment, for words; just names and touches and tension. He could not stop himself from moving against his own hand, the very hand gripping Sherlock and taunting, twisting, John grinding against his best friend to a mix of sighs and gasps and moans that sounded like music in a room that had been silent of any lasting melodies since the day Sherlock had first left – the heat was consuming, the pleasure building, gasps replaced by groans and groans replaced by moans until those moans became the breathless cries of their names upon each other's lips –
"Mm." She tapped her fingers on the edge of the desk. He replicated the movement without realising it. "So, yet again, John is an anomaly."
"Yes, but it's not as simple as that, is it?" William's voice was flustered, heightened in its volume in an almost humorous way. "This is
"You're the best friend I've ever had," John said quietly, sincerely, "and I genuinely feel for you in a way that I've never really felt about anyone who wasn't… y'know. A girlfriend."
"I -" John cut himself off, looking away for a tiny moment before looking back – his smile at widened, his eyes glittering in the subtle light. "I don't know, Sherlock. You don't dress like someone of your age."
"The bacon, Tim!" Wanda interrupted in dismay, staring at the dish with eyes as round as saucers, looking utterly horrified. "What did you do to the bacon?"
stories before he went to sleep, all about him and Redbeard and all of the adventures they went on together. Did he ever tell you about Redbeard?"
He could feel the familiar prickling sensation of Sherlock’s intent gaze on him, roving eyes taking in every avoidant part of him. “
John closed his eyes, trying as hard as he could to fight the red pulsing across his vision. "If he'd told you anything substantial about me you'd know that's not quite true."
– to kiss him once more, his lips pressing to Sherlock's gentler than the first time, almost as if he were capturing them between his own and, rather than taking a kiss,
his. Can we simply agree to disagree and move on?" The next words he said were so perfectly enunciated that John could barely believe that the man beside him was drunk at all. "
His depression may have been the cause of their meeting, but the effect of their still-growing friendship had been purely of their own doing. And that was something worth fighting for.
of John. He had not been lying when he had said he was not here to discuss his heroin addiction. He was here for his
"You held them," John compromised, his grin widening, "and there were certainly no complaints when I dragged you into the bedroom. Or when we fell onto the bed. Or when you essentially straddled me -"
He could hear the barb in his voice, the personal nature of it; anyone could, and he could see from the way that Neil – at the end of the table, as far from Sharon as he could get – winced that his judgement was audible. His father, leaning forward and putting his own knife and fork down, attempted to make eye-contact with his son.
"Because you think I want you to be something else." John's tone had changed, a note of uncertainty weaving its way into his words. "Because... because you think I want you to be ordinary."
"Well," Sherlock said, eyes fixed on the double doors ahead of them, "ten years stuck in the same bedroom as you – that'd do it."
The same quiet laugh rumbled in the back of Sherlock's throat as the man took longer strides and ended up in front of John as he had been before, the same grace and purpose pushing him forward through the myriad of objects in their way. "You say that like I'm not already in trouble."
Sighing, Greg turned around on the spot and shrugged dramatically. "Well what then? It's not like he has friends to go to!" He froze, eyes wide as he stared at nothing in particular. "Well, unless -"
"You said that you wanted who I was, what I am, however you want to phrase it." John searched what was visible of his friend's face for a sign of inebriation, anything that would explain his behaviour. There was nothing. Nothing. "And this is it. You said yourself that I have a habit of being intense, quite without my knowledge."
Mike's glazed-over eyes shifted from John to William (Sherlock?), squinting. "Didn't interrupt anything, did I?"
"Look, even if it were a thought in my head... no, it doesn't make a difference. It doesn't make a difference in our friendship, if only because as you say he doesn't act like he's a hormone-ridden teenager, so it wouldn't make a difference if it were..."
with John, and the words were lingering between them like tangible possibilities. The idea of being tackled to the bed was both pleasant and terrifying, the suggestion of his violin being thrown against the wall very much the latter. "I… well, I certainly don't want to… you - "
"You weren't concentrating," the sandy-haired young man said without sympathy, one hand on his hip as he watched Sherlock try to keep his hand steady underneath the flow of cold water, "you should consider yourself lucky. It could have been far worse."
The man opposite nodded his acceptance, squeezing John's shoulder lightly; the smaller man fought the urge to knock it away. "You should get it fixed or something, it's been bloody weird without you around! Missed one hell of a party last week, Greg threw an absolute
John and Sherlock looked at each other across the distance and, for the life of him, John did not know what to say.
As John sat staring sleepily at the screen, ready to disappear, he suddenly had a question pop into his mind, one he couldn't believe he hadn't actually thought to ask yet.
Mr. Holmes ambled in, looking very content indeed. "Sorry about that, I got chatting to Carl. Did you know that his daughter's expecting another baby?"
John frowned. "Of course I am. Very fearsome. I frighten everyone who dares to step foot in my path."
The first laugh – a deep, low, throaty sound, brief but very real. It filled the air around John and made him feel as if he were surrounded by a nest of hot-water bottles, his entire body heated from within. It was a rare but familiar feeling, though he would be hard-pressed to find a name for it when so distracted by the sound as he was.
"I assume a 'drink' is equal to a sip?" Sherlock asked no one in particular, picking up his glass, looking infinitely bored. "Very well, if I must..." He took the tiniest sip, grimacing as he did so.
"Because you're the Captain of the biggest, best ship in the seas. I was shipwrecked after my crew mutinied against me and now I'm wholly at your mercy, Captain."
As he laughed and sipped and groaned his way through the everlasting game, he found himself waiting for those movements. He caught himself staring at Sherlock's arm from time to time, once even glancing up to find Sherlock looking at him in a covert sideways glance, John's cheeks instantly on fire and his eyes darting away, a laugh bubbling from his throat as he threw himself into interacting with the game as enthusiastically as possible so as not to let on that he was feeling rather odd and actually finding the pressure of Sherlock's arm on his... well, sort of
. But either way, that's neither here nor there, it's not entirely relevant. The point is that you could have left at any time if it were bothering you, yet you didn't, you waited for it, quite obviously too. Your glances weren't as subtle as you'd hoped. Then of course that leads us to now, with my hand on yours and barely any argument from you whatsoever let alone actually physically moving away... very interesting, very interesting indeed. So really, John, perhaps you should ask your question again but change it so that it's directed towards
"You're a manipulative bastard, you know that?" The words from John's throat fell onto his lips, more like a branding iron than mere vibrations of vocabulary. "You knew that with that bloody song, with all your graceful arms and the piano and that bloody talent you kept hidden from me, you
His phone stopped ringing; John's began. Disbelief crossing his face, John looked down at the caller ID and let out a humourless laugh. "07995346-"
"It's as I've already explained – I had never had any desire to speak to anyone on a personal level before. The idea that you were so intriguing to me for no rhyme nor reason was intensely confusing for me and I suppose I hoped that seeing your face and seeing more than just words on a screen would take the power out of it, as they say. I was immensely frustrated. Having access to that photo was supposed to help."
"Ignore him," Wanda advised a currently slightly overwhelmed John. "It's wonderful. You'll absolutely have to join us."
"No, I'm not," John argued back in a heated whisper, matching William's volume. "But I'm not someone with a history of substance abuse, William, I'm not someone who's prone to becoming reliant on addictions. It's one night of fun," he insisted, jabbing his finger downwards in the air to accentuate his point, "and you have no right to tell me what's right for me. No right at all."
more than just a blip on my radar. Need I remind you that, time and time again, I was the one to reach out and initiate conversation?"
“Calm down first. Take a deep breath and calm yourself. You’re acting like a foolish, hormone-ridden teenager and you need to stop.” Mycroft hesitated for a moment, realising what he had said; Sherlock laughed dryly, shaking his curly head.
"Yes," John said firmly, shoving his hands in his pockets and shrugging apologetically. "I'll call a cab and head back to campus. Sorry, mate, I'm just exhausted. I said I'd only stay for an hour and it's already been two and a half -"
An hour of silence later – oh, well, other than the awkward moment where John had told Sherlock that he was really quite good at playing the violin and Sherlock had simply looked at the car seat in front of him, rolled his eyes and then continued to stare outside – they arrived outside of the Holmes' cottage, the sky that had been threatening to explode already having shattered the blue skies of earlier in the day and rained hard and fast in the last half an hour, enough that the path leading to the front door seemed to be one huge puddle and completely impossible to avoid. Sherlock had been out of the car like a shot, lithe and graceful as he had darted across the puddle whilst seemingly not even
"Yeah, good point. Though just because I like to enjoy myself doesn't mean I'm an alcoholic, I haven't had a single drink today -"
It was simply this, over and over; it eventually became dull, enough so that dream-John stood up from his place in the gallery and joined the line of people, no papers in his hands as he shuffled along bit by bit until finally he was standing facing the Judge, nothing to give him, just a frank and open stare as he took in the blurred non-details of the man's face.
A voice came out of the headset. "Cover the microphone all you like, boys, I can still hear you muttering away."
There was a very awkward silence, but John was too distracted at the idea that Mrs. Holmes was so determined to show him that she wasn't judging him or his family that she would tell him something so very personal to her
He loved their banter. Absolutely loved it. To his surprise he realised it reminded him of his and Sherlock's back-and-forth whilst cooking, though perhaps not
to be doing this, christ. Could you not tell?" His frown was turning into amusement again; it was somewhat irritating. Mostly because Sherlock was feeling completely ignorant. "Could you really not tell how much I was... how much I...
“You’re being ridiculous,” Mycroft snapped, crossing his long legs, “if you simply visited home more often you wouldn’t have all of these ludicrous ruminations of being looked down upon as the less successful sibling. Far be it from me to encourage the growth of your already substantial ego, Sherlock, but our parents boast of you to our neighbours quite as much as they do me.”
Something flickered behind Sherlock's eyes – a wall, perhaps, a quick burst of desire to protect himself from someone who now knew something he considered to be personal information – but John met it head-on; he fought it out with his naturally open, honest gaze of mottled blue-brown, not wavering as he waited for Sherlock to respond, waiting for a reaction whether it would be positive or defensive. He considered over and over the idea of reaching out, literally, but luckily Sherlock finally offered him a response before he had a chance to embarrass himself.
"Well, fine, yeah, but not in a bad way. Not in a friendship-destroying way. It is what it is, I can't change it, obviously... though why he'd even have those feelings is beyond me, I'm not going to lie, it baffles me."
possible – they were certainly doing it at that moment, full-intensity and in such a way that the room no longer felt safe. Truths were being told and honesty was the name of the game, and there was no escaping it. Not even a day in and already the shit was hitting the fan.
"Things. Things such as my academic files? I already knew that." A flush worked its way to Sherlock's cheeks; John was suddenly aware that his suspicions were not quite broad enough. "Wait. You hacked into other things too?"
"I've already embarrassed myself," the genius grumbled in response, "but, fine. I thought that my stomach was going to fly from my throat, it was quite unlike any feeling I'd experienced before. My eyes instantly flew to the back of your head and, yes, I'll admit that I saw your initial response – your fists clenching, the muscles in your shoulders tensing, I knew what effect I was having on you. And, before you ask, yes. I enjoyed it. And feared it. Perhaps not the last time either one of us experienced both of those at once." There was a moment of heat, a fluttering of intensity; John curled his fingers tight against his palm once more, willing himself to stay on his side of the room. "Naturally I was shaken even if I had known I would see you there that night, if only because I had expected – foolishly – to be in control as to when we would first come face to face. And then you turned around and I saw you and… well. It brings us back to our initial conversation."
Mycroft sighed; acceptance, an odd taste of sympathy that was utterly out of character. “And that is?”
A foot came out of nowhere, too fast and foreign for John to move out of the way; the socked toe caught the end of his nose and forced him to roll over across his bed and push himself into a hasty seated position. He glared at the foot and its owner, rubbing his nose a little harder than necessary.
"No, no," he protested sleepily, pushing himself up so that he was sitting upright, "no, breakfast. Breakfast is good."
in a different part of the country to me whilst I am left here to deal with my mother constantly moaning about how she misses you, all the while battling my own feelings of having you gone, you are absolutely mistaken. You are completely and utterly wrong and quite frankly, John, I’m disappointed at your -”
"Yes," John said firmly, nodding, "so please don't say anything to Mum or Dad. Or anyone. Just... just keep it to yourselves for now, okay?"
Wanda shook her head, craning her neck to see if she could see Sherlock's curly head anywhere in the crowd. "No, he's playing something by Ludinvinci... or Ludopico..."
Sherlock shrugged nonchalantly, the movement again making the hairs on John's arm stand on end. "I'm just better at hiding it than you,
"I'm sure he appreciates it," John lied, knowing as he did that the very last thing Sherlock wanted to be doing that evening – other than actually being there – was performing. "I'm looking forward to it."
Sherlock's chin was tilting upwards: defensive, not arrogant. "Ah. Don't worry, I can work it out for myself. I suppose I was the foolish one for assuming that perhaps we could get through the evening without last night becoming an issue. And so."
His mind started to nudge him, push him, tell him to back away and get out of the room; it knew. His instincts knew. He was harshly aware that he was about to ask a question he wasn't sure he wanted to know the answer to yet, for the life of him, he could not stop himself.
John slowly pulled his t-shirt over his head and reached reluctantly for the crisp white shirt that Mrs. Holmes had ironed earlier that day.
seem to be a sort of twist to his features that attempted to portray some form of empathy. It was incredibly odd and clearly a struggle for him. "I behaved… inappropriately… and I owe you an explanation for that. Would you indulge me by sitting down on the sofa so that we can have this conversation without lingering beside Mrs. Hudson's fine china?"
"Couldn't agree more," Sherlock said in agreement, pushing his chair back and standing, "may I be excused? I've rather lost my appetite."
Striding into the building and running his fingers through his hair, breathing hard and trying as subtly as possible to catch his breath, John cast a glance back at his friend. "What are you doing here?"
Lauren put her hands out in front of her, almost as if offering each option on each palm. "Well then, boys – which is it going to be,
Sherlock let out a little ‘pfft’ noise, looking down at John with increasing condescension. “Please, John. My brain is far more capable than most recovering addicts at getting back to normal. I’ll be fine.”
"I assume you're referring to your brother coming to me whilst coming down from whatever drug he's been taking?" John didn't even blink, so calm he felt. "I feel fine. Fantastic."
Neil flinched back as if he'd been hit, looking every bit as offended as if John had asked something truly unbelievable rather than something that was absolutely justified. "That's a ridiculous thing to ask, of course I -"
A flicker of a grin twitched at the edges of John's lips. "Entertain you? I don't know what you mean." He leaned down and brushed a kiss once more over Sherlock's flushed lips.
John’s voice sounds far too similar to Sherlock’s own vulnerable timbre, and it squeezes deep inside of Sherlock’s chest to have such a tone so close to him. “Sherlock...?”
"Christ, don't tell me you printed it out and slept with it by your bed?" John found himself grinning despite his initial irritation. "Not that I wouldn't be flattered… and a bit weirded out, maybe…"
Sherlock kept his face set in its usual impassive mask; he would not ask, he would not press, he would simply wait it out. He could do that. He could absolutely, one-hundred-percent do that.
Neil's mouth dropped open slightly, likely attempting to process the insult, the question and the subtle and yet – in Sherlock's mind – perfectly rational threat underlying both. He took a few seconds, far too long, his tongue shifting uselessly behind his teeth as he struggled to find the words to answer the simplest of questions.
… because I longed to hear it again. Longed for it. I have never longed for a single thing in my entire life yet I longed for the man lying in front of me to say my name like it mattered again, again, again. And I realised it. I realised what had happened."
the hell to do. Time quite literally slowed down, and that's not an exaggeration. I felt as if all of my muscles had locked into place, I pretty much used the kitchen counter as a way of forcing my body to twist around just so that I could face you."
"I suppose I could always be a surrogate or something, that way it's sort of like getting two grandchildren in one go -"
"Yes, yes, I know," John sighed, letting his foot fall to the floor in irritation, "I know I'm not just magically better, but I'm…
"You're..." He sighed, skating himself lower until he was lying flat on his bed, staring up at the ceiling. "You're... a lesbian." A snicker, followed by another unfamiliar laugh; his eyes narrowed, suspicious. "Wait, am I on loud-speaker?"
And, just like that, silence falls. Movement ceases. The bow refrains from its drawing across strings, muscles tightening and fingers pausing, Sherlock’s chest rising and falling in the same steady rhythm even though he’s not entirely sure how, when his heart is suddenly emitting bass notes louder than the treble he’d been weaving through the air just seconds prior.
"Sherlock, wait, no, you've got it wrong," John quickly intercepted, cursing his wine-fuzzed head for giving him the wrong words to say - no, not the wrong words, just the wrong meaning behind them… fuckity fuck, this was not going as he'd planned! "I don't mean it like that, I don't have
," he moaned quietly, eyes flying open and looking at the typically black screen opposite him; he let himself look at it blearily for a few more moments, wondering if it was the usual weekly influx of emails from Joanne and her team of nagging tutors but not really feeling too fussed either way – the emails were getting more and more frequent, less and less gentle and far more on the side of 'come to seminars or we'll suspend you' than 'let us help you'... it was starting to weigh down on him, yet there was nothing he felt he could do. He'd managed to submit another essay, another below-par piece of work, and he was certain that this time he'd probably managed to flunk it completely. Yet another reason not to look at the emails. He didn't want to know how badly he'd messed this one up.
Sherlock was out of sight now. John felt a strange pull to hang up the phone and go after him without Mycroft's help. "We had this exact conversation well over a month ago, Mycroft. Nothing's changed since then. Actually, no," John shook his head, regardless of whether Mycroft could see it, "
John couldn't help but laugh; typical Harry to jump to the most dramatic conclusion she could. "No, no one's here but me. And I'm not in trouble, though I love that you think I'd call
"Are you kidding? Firstly, it would put both me and Mycroft in the shitter. Secondly, how do you think he'd possibly deal with the 'I know you love me but let's just be friends' conversation? Not well, John, is that answer to that. Not fucking well."
John's head twitched slightly, his thumb seeming to subconsciously trace the contours of the strings as he processed the question. "No, it's... I didn't mean it was a bad thing. I just don't see you in jeans that often. Or anything remotely casual. It's... different. Not bad. You don't need to change."
I've re-registered over on Tumblr, for old-times' sake, and if any of you lovely peeps would like to Follow me just so that I can relive the old days and get to know you all again... well, that'd be just wonderful. You'll find me
"No you wouldn't," Sherlock said dismissively, waving his hand and whacking the words aside, "your hand wouldn't be injured and you wouldn't be sleeping on his sofa. You wouldn't be in his house. You wouldn't be arguing with him. You -"
Hesitant, and with a flash of what Mycroft could only describe within his emotionally-limited processes as
being like this, stretches of silence that were never filled, moments in rooms dark enough that it was easy to hide. He wasn't sure if it was better like this. As Wanda had said, some things were best left unsaid, but with him and Sherlock... well. Nearly everything went unsaid. It was just how they were.
“Well, all right, not quite the same, but that’s sort of my point. Imagine someone trying to push you into talking about that loss, but then... multiply it by about ten thousand. And then again. And again.”
Sherlock’s quick glance was enough to reveal to John the complete idiocy of his point. “Which of course she doesn’t know, not to mention that our circumstances have changed somewhat since then.”
It sounded like something out of an Austen novel. Wanda was nodding enthusiastically as she cut into a potato.
She slid a card out, looking at it before showing the rest of the table. "Ace. That's... the Dirty Pint, right?"
The floor was wooden, much like the hallway, but underneath the coffee table and stretching out as far as the edge of the sofa was a deep red rug, soft underneath John's feet and adding to the general warm feeling of the room; the same style rug was also beneath the dining room table. In the middle of the dining room table was a large ivory pillar candle spiked on top of a plain black candlestick. There seemed to be pictures hung on the walls but from here John couldn't define what they were, though the hue stuck to the theme of the rooms and radiated warm reds, oranges, yellows and golds. A large wooden sideboard was to the left of the dining room table, though again John couldn't see what rested upon it from his position on the sofa. French doors adorned with heavy ivory curtains sat at the end of the house, opening out into the garden which, of course, John had already seen. Presumably the yellow-walled kitchen was to the left of the dining room.
