“Steve, it’s ok I can take care of myself,” putting a soothing hand on Steve’s arm, Tony gave him a reassuring grin. “You know Lo-Lo is right-“
If he had a lab  or any lab equipment; he and Bruce could perhaps work to make a cure. Anything to slow the effects of the bite! As it was, they were stuck with no equipment. No electricity to run said equipment on even. All they could do was wait to see if Wade was able to overcome the disease.
“Natasha...” Tony hesitated briefly before visibly steeling his nerves and looks at her, “If I said the father was still alive and I knew where he was, do you think I should still tell him about Peter? Even after all these years?”
“Strange, I could have sworn it was me saving your butt Clint” Chuckling Steve pretends to stroke his chin. His face scrunched up as if pondering. Only to laugh more fully when a cushion is frown at his head.
“Yeah kiddo, they’re all gone now, Thor got to us in time” Grinning he helps the kid out of the car.
“Well, I have a map here and two towns over is a place that has a mansion place  just outside  of the town and a small medical centre nearby it.” Sam looks up from the map as Nat pulled it to her to look at where he’s pointing, to memorise the route. “I don’t know about you but small towns usually mean less Deado’s in the area and mansions are usually pretty empty anyway.”
“Their continuing on, but we hafta hide. A horde is on its way” Tugs on Bucky’s arm to get him going, the urgency and nervousness of being seen making him jittery.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Not to bad, we found some tins and water. But mostly we found some better clothing that would protect us better and some camping gear should we need it, you know out in the middle of in the middle of nowhere.” Clint quipped from the back of the truck. Grabbing some stuff some it along with Sam.
Laughing at the archer, the group all seem to agree on his plan, Bruce even chipping in that he knows where most are. If they can find a map to mark them down.
“What of friend Steven? Was he hit to?” Thor’s booming voice prompted, worry was needling them all, only getting worse a Natasha tenses even more. Looking at each of them, obviously reluctant to tell.
“What can I say? He’s full of surprises. 6 pounds and 10 ounces he was. Absolutely the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. I couldn’t believe he was mine...”
Inside the building, Bucky throws off the blanket and stands looking out at the decayed faces that look back at him. Eyes hard he looks around for anyway to escape the quickly crumbling building. Next to him the other two spring to their feet.
“What makes you say that buddy?”
Startled a bit, Bucky cocked an eyebrow at Tony confused. “What ya mean doll?”
“My name is not kid its Wade..say it with me Wa-de!”
“Do we really need to do another check? You guys managed to get a great haul from the medi place didn’t you?” Huffing petulantly, Clint leaned back in his chair to put his feet on the table, internally gleeful at the look of disappointment Steve sent him for it.
“Tony? What’s wrong?”
Without much thought, Tony kept helping Bucky undress. Easing the shirt up and off before kneeling down, so that he could easily access the belt buckle. Easing it out carefully so that the buckle doesn’t hit either of them. Standing again, Tony undoes Bucky ’s trousers and pushes both the trousers and the boxers underneath down so that Bucky could kick them off. Before that though, Bucky needed his boots undone so he could get them off first. Noticing this, Tony knelt and carefully undid both boots before pulling them off with one hand while the other held onto Bucky, helping him keep his balance.
On the other side of the kitchen is Bucky, gutting a rabbit to add to the veg to make rabbit stew. Tony had set traps during the night to catch and just preys no walker gets to the trapped animals first. The atmosphere in the kitchen had loosened up a bit but with the child it was still a bit awkward. At least Peter hasn’t started awkward questions yet.
hope you all enjoyed! come scream at me on tumblr under the same user name! comments are really appreciated, but im afraid any guesses at whats gong to happen i wont be able to answer XD
The silence in the room after that statement was deafening. What was wrong in Asgard? Was this only temporary? Was Heimdell just simply taking a leak?
The search also helped delay them to give Bucky time to catch up, so everyone was content to spend the whole day scavenging the town and the supermarkets. Taking the cars so to make quick getaways and also easier to carry everything they do pick up. Tony had even found a few books on guns and bullet making to keep around. He himself already knew how to make the bullets obviously, but he was pretty sure the others weren’t as well versed in weapons making as he was. So having a few books on hand should they find a suitable facility, would be useful should for whatever reason, he was unable to make the bullets himself.
Chuckles now dying down to simply an amused look, Bucky pulls Tony back tighter and nuzzles into his neck nipping at it playfully as he tries to soothe the irritable Sub.
“Not a stir my entire watch” Nodding at Peter in greeting, Bucky looks up at Tony with a small smile. “How you sleep?”
“Doll, there’s no point lying, we did talk about starting something between us-me and Stevie here. We only literally decided to try not long before the apocalypse started..”
It wasn’t until Tony finally stood after helping Bucky undress that he realised what he had done. Blinking to himself, Tony had just willingly kneeled for a Dom for the first time in years. Had done one of the most basic of things, expected of Subs before he had really thought about it.
Deciding not to dwell on it, Tony just stayed still, only moving when prompted and enjoyed being looked after for a few moments. Just this simple act of kindness made him relax more in Bucky’s presence.
Feeling a sliver of unease go down his spine, Thor hurriedly pocketed the device and got the gates open as fast as he could, standing to the side to let Sam through before locking them up tightly again.
It was dark out and Steve and Bucky had just come back with the rest of the group that had been waiting by the cars as planned. In front of Tony lay an assortment of chemicals and items that he had grabbed during the supply runs. Humming idly to himself, he had started to assemble makeshift weapons from the bits and bobs that he had collected, unwilling to be useless for much longer. As Rhodey would say, once an engineer always an engineer.
“I’m sure we would all love to join your group” Charles addresses his group asking for their vote; unsurprisingly they all voted in favour of going.
Like a shot, Clint nimbly takes off, barely making a sound as he hurries to get ahead of the horde with enough time to warn the others. Shoving all his problems away, putting his faith in his group to take care. He and Natasha edge out further, enough to be able to sneak past the group. Thankfully they all stayed on the road which is acting like a funnel for them.  With one last thought, Steve hoped and prayed Clint gets to the others, once passed the group he and Nat take off running.
N-(4-hydroxyphenyl)ethanamide.
Moving to the front of the kitchen, Steve stands facing the door as it creeks open, Bruce’s head pop’s around the corner first before the rest of him quickly follows. The group in the kitchen moves closer anxiously, all eyes trained on the Doctor as he fiddles with his glasses.
“Bruce! Sam! Peter! Grab your bags we have to go!” Letting go of Tony, allowing him to run upstairs to help his son, Steve pulls his bag onto the kitchen counter and grabs a pad of paper and his last working pen. Hastily he scribbles a note for Bucky should he return to the house that they had carried on with the plan.
“Sniping?..” Steve said hopefully, trying to turn the subject away from Tony’s sex history. Just the thought was making his blood rush south, his mind wandering as it imagined what tony would look like. Firmly and with a great show of will, Steve forced those thoughts away for later.
The easy atmosphere was a nice change from the usually charged and tense one that was usually present. For once the Sub could relax more. The air between them seemed less loaded. Perhaps Steve had the right idea to talk. Get all this out of the way now while they could. His heart felt lighter than it has in years, a feeling warmed him on the inside that feels like closure? Tony wasn’t sure entirely what it was he was feeling but he liked it.
——————-
Wade unfortunately hadn’t had much to say about himself but he was quick to snark and sass him, Bucky loved it. Wade was very mature for his age as well. Able to stay quiet when needed to be, followed instructions well and was surprisingly good at tracking for his age. Bucky felt pride oddly swell up in his chest at how competent the kiddo was. However sadness also hovered at the back of his mind, he hates that kids are having to grow up so fast now. No longer would any child left in the world would know what a childhood filled with fun and games was like.
Tipping his head politely, Loki calls for Thor to help the group carry everything upstairs to show the group to their rooms, allowing them to finally get settled in for the night. Bucky watches the weary and tired group trudge up the stairs, obviously exhausted from running all the time; looking themselves for much more permanent homes to dig in roots again.
Clint sat at the table quietly, helping the kid do what looks like maths homework? Frowning, he internally wonders why Tony is bothering to teach his kid this. Looking up he scans the room, Tony and Bruce had gone out to get water to use from a well. Steve is stood at the sink peeling some vegetables that would go off soon.  Natasha is heating up a camping grill set and hob to cook the food over, tea currently heating up in a kettle on the hob. At Bruce’s insistence to stay as healthy as possible. Apparently green tea did just that job, despite how foul tasting it was to him.
Panting harshly through the pain, Clint swings to aim at the roof again, but before he can make a shot someone else does. Hitting the man right in the side of the head causing the guy to fall off the roof. Confused, Clint lowers his gun as he glances around to look for the mystery shooter.  Down the street shooting down the ones that Nat was aiming at, are two people; a man and what appears to be a teenager around 16-18.
Surrounding the stranger, Bucky and Tony move to cover doorways and windows as best as they can and making sure everything is locked. Peter moves to sit on a sofa with Bruce who’s nervously fidgeting. Clint seems to be staring at the guy from behind, with narrowed eyes as if daring him to try something.
Chuckling, Bucky allows the Sub to drag him along to the bedroom, through to the bathroom that’s attached to the bedroom. Private and risk-free of anyone accidentally walking in.
Any other moment and Steve would be amazed by the fact that Tony had just let him touch him, without trying to break any of Steve’s bones as a result. As it was, the moment was dampened by the stress, fear and worry that was leaking from them both. The physical contact actually helped in a way to ground them. Comfort of another being there, to share the worry for Bucky. Taking a deep breathe, Steve moved to the kitchen where the others where.
Screaming, Tony nearly vaults over to try to save Bucky, but Clint hauls him back to safety. Clutching him to his chest as they both watched in horror. Unable to look away.
Snarls picked up, becoming vicious at the prospect of food. Rushing the nearby deado’s surged to the now very fragile looking building clawing at the walls. Their snarls of hunger and renewed vigour drawing in the others. Exciting the group, almost like a feeding frenzy in the sea. In seconds they have the entire building surrounded as they push against the walls. It starts to bow under their combined force.
“I bet they saw lot of whales Pete, maybe one day we may end up on the ocean? We never know, I mean- we’re kind of like pirate already hmm? Pillaging buildings for things we want” brightening Peter grins widely and nods excitedly
Carefully, the group move around the bottom floor, all clear. Nodding to each other, Steve heads up the stairs first followed by Bucky then Clint who has his arrows at the ready.  To the left are three doors and the right are two. After careful planning he heads to the right first checking the furthest door, it opens up to a empty master bedroom. He bed is made and the air smells fresh. Indicating someone was in this place this morning at least. A quick check of the closests reveal no walkers, they go back out into the hallway and try the next door revealing a bathroom. The next two reveal a spare room and an airing cupboard.
Shying away ducking his head down to keep his face hidden, which caused Bucky to frown at, “I…I don’t have a group any more sir.” Shocked Bucky put his hand on Wade’s shoulder comfortingly.
Gritting his teeth he offers a hand to help Tony down. “We must go, the horde could comeback, it’s not safe here”
He mentally kicked himself for the 100th time for not thinking to carry more weapons on him. The small pistol he had tucked into his trousers is empty and useless. The knife blunting from the continued use making it marginally harder to stab and pull his knife out quickly. Thank god for his metal arm and enhanced stamina and strength, otherwise he would have been caught ages ago.
The flash seems to go as quick as it appeared. Hesitantly, Bucky peeks out through his hair that had fallen in front of his face. Shocked, Bucky lower his arms to look at the very much barbecued Deado’s that littered the floor.
To many questions and not enough answers for Tony’s liking at all.
“How did you get that metal arm mister?” Spoke to soon...
“Still as charming as ever Loki I see” A smile is the only reply he gets when he suddenly remembers the kid in the car. “Wade!” Turning around, Bucky runs back to the car wrenching open a door in his panic to make sure Wade is ok.
“What I’m trying to say Tony, is that I’m sorry.” Steve looks Tony directly n the eyes, his eyes shone with sincerity.
The mass of scars that spider out over his shoulder in a kind of morbid maze immediately drew Tony’s eye. As Tony gently washed out all the dirt from the area, making sure the skin around the metal wasn’t aggravated or inflamed, he realised how smiler the mess looks compared to Tony’s own scars on his chest. Both scars stood as symbols of just what they had both survived. The trials they had faced in life that helped to mould who they are today.
Intense enough it made Tony a bit uncomfortable as he grabbed a bottle of water from the counter.
A sound of protest actually manages to escape from Tony’s throat, as Steve starts to redress into the suit, covering up his perfect body again. Mortified at the sound, Tony clears his throat awkwardly and hurriedly looks down at his book, ignoring the amused chuckle that both Dom’s let out. Of course Bucky was now fully alert.
“Lets hope so Clint”
“They are in the west, hopefully, they are heading out of town, we should wait a while. keep watch in case they circle back this way. If we are lucky, they will head out and keep on straight west.” Frowning Bucky sits on a low branch of a tree next to him. His gaze trained on the town, his ears straining to keep track of the moving hoard of the dead.
The moment the hot water touched Tony’s body, he immediately slumped into the spray with a groan. The water felt heavenly on his aching muscles. Distantly, Tony heard an amused chuckle behind him as Bucky reached for the soap.
“I think it would be a good idea to bring them in, more people to split into defending this place while also getting Steve back. Hell, we maybe able to save more people out there from hoards, if we have a bigger group. Start a new community, draw other survivors to fight back against the dead”
Walking around, Tony had taken time to show the group all three wells and pumps and the boarders and to also inspect the fences for any weaknesses. So far everything is good. The fields all clear of deado’s, as they head to the last fence to check it over, Bruce and Natasha stay at the well with Peter to pump the water. Moving to be walking next to Tony, Steve glances at him out of the corner of his eye. Noticing how Tony had tensed as he came closer.
“If I get the first mug I will marry you Natasha…”
“Pleasure doing business with you” Natasha purrs out grinning. It doesn’t take the others long to leave their own rooms they claimed once the smell of coffee got going. As promised Tony got the first mug, smirking smugly at the look of dismay on Clint’s face.
Giving his head a small shake, Tony decided to ignore the last 2 minutes he goes to start undressing.
True to Tony’s and Loki’s predictions, the room with all the patients in was locked and barred from the outside. The staff had obviously attempted to isolate a situation that was beyond their help and tried to prevent it spreading. Grateful for this mercy, the group moved on and soon found a storage room, boxes and boxes of medication and equipment lined the room and shelves.
“That’s the thing Tony, we do. We walk to carefully around each other. To much history behind us and we have that affecting us as a group. I don’t want us to start arguing over something in the middle of a street and it ending badly. I think we both need closure.”
Bucky never had much of a chance to spend that much time with Tony back before. However, what little time they did spend in each others company, had been good. Tony had been fascinated with his arm. He had provided equipment through SI to help with the triggers that were in his head. Chatting on the hellicarrier while looking for the tesseract, they had spent time chatting. Understanding in each others trauma that both avoided talking about. A sense of comradie that others couldn’t really understand.
Lightning flashed in the not so far distance as the group pulled up outside a house on an seemingly empty street. It brought back memories of Thor to Tony who wondered often how the God was. Was Thor trapped on Asgard? Did he deem the human race doomed and turned his attention onto another realm? So Many unanswered questions running around his head.
Huffing, she moved to stand in front of him, standing firmly, causing Steve to nearly run into her.
Taking a breath and pausing for a second, Natasha calms her self and uses her training from the red room to push aside her inner turmoil. Looking around at the ground for any indications as to what actually happened here.
“Me and Natasha set up the wing opposite ours, for everyone’s comfort both groups have a distance from each other, while still maintaining a sense of closeness and safety” Loki draws as he walks around the group, heading for the stairs leading up to the upper levels.
Huffing to show his displeasure, Wade got up from his make shift bed as they both started to pack up. Eager to get going and find Bucky’s group.
Coming back a bit to his senses, Tony moves to the side but also takes the soap from Bucky’s hands.
“I have the exact same reaction Doll, don’t worry” Grinning Bucky drawls out, his Brooklyn accent thick from having just been snoozing. Swallowing thickly, Tony peeks up to see if Steve has finished getting dressed.
With a final glance at the note and pack on the table, the group leave. Steve pick up Peter so that they can move faster. Tony surprisingly not putting up a fuss when he did and nether did Peter, who had thankfully been quiet and obedient the entire time.
“Damn it Bucky, if you got your ass killed I’ll kill you..” grumbling to himself, Steve grabbed his own bags and a few left in the back of the car.
Swearing louder, Bucky kicks out at the closest arm chair hands running angrily through his hair as he paces for a few steps before turning to Tony who was still staring at Natasha.
They had come across a small parking lot when they spotted the mini camper van on the back of a truck. The truck itself had two Deado’s inside. After a quick check to make sure the Deado’s are secure, the group chose ignore them and their quiet snarling in favour of inspecting the camper van instead. Peering through the grimy windows as best as he can, Steve looks for any signs of someone hiding inside. Behind him he can hear the gentle purring of their truck pulling up into position.
“We take the East road we should be able to get out of the city, head to the country side. Look for a farm maybe?” Natasha chips in after thanking Bruce for wrapping her wrist. Thankfully its only sprained, “It would be the safest place for us if most Deados are in the cities” Nodding, Clint stands by her holding a tattered backpack holding some supplies and hands her hers.
Logan himself is a tall guy just topping 6 ft, his body and arms muscular in that way that tells you he could easily pop your head off your shoulders’, maybe not as big as Colossus’s muscles but still big enough to be intimidating up close. Hell even from a distance he would strike as a fearsome figure despite this modest woodcutter appearance, wearing denim jeans with a red flannel button up shirt and steel toe capped boots. In fact out of the four of the X-Men group, he looks the most casual and laid back clothes wise. The others wearing what looks like worn out ripped old suits.
“Let me help you, James, Your arm isn’t looking to good ok?”
Rolling his eyes, Tony stood up to get some more water to drink, rubbing Bucky’s arm as he passes him.
Staring into her eyes, Tony looks, seemingly searching for something in them. He must have found what he was looking for, for he smiled shyly and nods looking down. “Thanks, I will. Can I join you for the rest of your shift?” Nodding with a soft smile, they huddle closer keeping watch together. Some bridges can be mended it seems after all.
“It’s an empty bathroom Buck, lets get out of here”
“Wade..”
Nodding his thanks Clint makes a beeline for the coffee. Turning to the others Tony directs them to the eggs and toast and such to make breakfast. Silence falls upon the kitchen, only broken occasionally by Peter chatting to Tony about his homework. As son as possible, Tony herds his son upstairs with a quick statement over his shoulder for everyone to be ready as soon as to get the tour over with.
Cursing Steve thinks for a second as they all head to the front door. “Alright, Buck, you and me will go first clear the way if we have to” gets his keys out of his pocket that he always keep on him, “Tony, Bruce you two will go in the middle with Peter. Nat Clint bring up the rear. We have no time to grab out stuff- has everyone at least got a weapon?” Soft yes’s answer him, with a nod he opens the door as gently as he can.
“I’m afraid not sweetheart, but we may find other’s with kids in the future hmm?”
“Sorry about your farm Tones...” Natasha offered quietly, twisting to face the two geniuses in the back. Next to her Clint is cleaning off a dagger, silently glad he kept his bow and arrows close at all times. Thankfully, due to high alerts everyone had kept most weapons close at all times, making a quick getaway much easier.
Upstairs, once in Peter’s room helping his son dress, Tony wonders again, if he was right to let the group stay.
After a small way into the area they decided to park the car near a row of shops. They should go look for some stuff while the were here.
“Go! Jump to the next building or the trucks!”
“Please don’t tell me we need the entire body? This guy looks like he’ll fall apart in our hands before we even get to the gate...”
Admitting defeat in chasing info about Francis, Tony turned his attention on Colossus’s own group; it is a relatively big group considering Tony had only seen duos or singular people before now; the  group consists of an old man in a wheelchair called Charles, an older teen/young adult called John but went by his super name Pyro. A man called Logan that had helped save Nat’s group earlier, Negasonic, Dopinder and finally an old lady called Al who is blind.
Tony grinned as he watched his son and the kid Bucky found, Wade, chat up a storm in one of the bedrooms upstairs.
“Fucking great…” Gripping his knives in his hand tightly he raises them up ready to fight. If he’s going down, he may as well as take as many of these things with him as possible.  Steeling himself he prepares to lash out at the nearest one.
“I wish I could be a pirate…” Peter chirps up once Tony finishes the latest chapter, turning the pages to start the next one. Curious, Wade nudges Peter to elaborate.
Sitting up again, Bruce leans back as they whisper so as to not alarm the chattering kids across from them. Steve remains by the kids trying to minimise the mess as Wade eats another plate of food. Bucky had moved to sit in a chair behind the two genius’s, listening intently to them as they brainstormed. The gods remained where they were but were no doubt listening in as well. Sam and Clint where over by the coffee pot chatting quietly to themselves, oblivious to everything else going on around them.
Taking a deep breath, Tony yanked open the next door on the right side of the hall. Staying to the side of the doorway he threw in a bouncing ball after making it start flashing and listened.
In the back garden of the mansion, Thor and Loki are slowly constructing another fence with Bucky’s help that’s closer to the mansion that they can see. A second line of defense, as the first wall is so far back and hidden by trees it’s impossible to patrol the perimeter properly and see from inside the actual mansion.
“Have you ever fought fire breathing dragons?” Bemused, the team exchange looks, behind Peter they can see Tony snort to himself in amusement.
The minutes crawl by as the group wait..and wait...and wait. What seems like hours of uncomfortable squatting in the weeds and a few close calls with some dead wondering a bit to close. The horde finally pass.
Thinking, Tony hums to himself, “What about a disease research facility? They have them all over the country. Maybe one of those would be our best bet?”
The contact was broken as the water pipes spluttered for a moment, the water turning a bit colder before heating again. It was enough to cause Tony to jump, breaking the eye contact between them. After a brief pause, they both chuckled a bit. Tony’s head still floating a bit but not deeply.
Nope.
It’s been a week since the group left the farm, food has run low, the car has lost all fuel in the middle of nowhere. Being made to walk and find shelter where ever they can, one night they had to resort to using trees ton sleep in. Tempers are getting high due to the stress. But despite all these factors against them, they have managed to keep together. Barely there bridges of friendships building. Tony can now talk to each member with minimal snide comments, however his sarcasm is still intact, just not as malicious as had been before. Something Steve is grateful for.
Lots of emotions and talking ?also credit to Soomanyfandomswhy for beating this for me!
“…Please don’t be cannibals…” muttering to himself, Bucky clutches the knife tight. If he had to he would use it to ensure he survives. The net swings to a stop, spinning slowly in circles making Bucky go slightly green.
Peering underneath, Bucky watches as a massive horde come shuffling around a corner. Coming from the direction they themselves, had just come from. His long brunet hair hangs in-front of his eyes, but he doesn’t dare look away from the feet of the undead. Carefully watching, he makes sure that none head towards their hiding spot. Next to him, his group painstakingly nervously hunker down. Listening to the nightmarish snarls and growls from the other side of the vehicle. Quietly trying to catch their breathes.
“Oh my god you’re really Thor! You are awesome! Is that Mjolnir? Is that Loki? Can you fit your fist in your mouth?”
“Peter!!” Turning, Tony ran as fast as his legs could carry him to a window facing the front drive. He was only Barely aware of Clint Running after him, the Walkie crackling as Steve’s voice comes over worried about the scream. Tony has no time to waste replying. He simply throws it over his shoulder at the Dom behind him as he frantically searches the ground below.
Stroking Peter’s hair, Tony tucked him tightly against his side as he whispers soothingly once the tense moment passed. Steve sat on the other side of Peter providing warmth and a sense of safety. “It’s ok kiddo, their gone now, try and get some more sleep ok?” Smiling gently at his son, slowly rocking to send Peter to sleep, his eyes eventually drooping and finally falling back to sleep.
I split this into two parts as the next bit I was struggling to get right so I decided to post the first half now for you all! Hope you all  enjoy!
Nodding Thor looks bemused by the kids motor mouth as they head to the car once Loki finally joins them. “‘Tis would be the best course of action, tell me friend Bucky. Where are the others?”
“Yes we need to go out again, we need to find all that we can while we can including a caravan or an RV if possible. We also need more clothes as well for spares as a lot of our clothes are way to stained by blood to be safe. So we need you, Sam, Natasha and I to do a quick run. Maybe we will even find signs of other groups while we are out there”
Seeing this elderly Sub, brought back memories of his godmother- Peggy. The women had been fierce for a Sub, never bowing to the expectations of how Sub’s should be. She had been one of the few good things in Tony’s life. It broke his heart the day she was diagnosed with Alzheimer’s. He had tried to visit her as often as he could, no matter how she was doing that day. He loved her stories no after how many times he had heard them.
“What the hell does that mean? You haven’t got a single grey yet at all you dick! I’m the one with grey’s!”
Swallowing thickly, Steve maintains the eye contact, unwilling to look away first. “If he’s not there…we move on tomorrow. We check he town today and if it’s already empty then we move on.”
“We may not even find anyone Clint, but we still need to collect as much stuff as we can for the possibility of having others join eventually or for emergencies”
(See the end of the chapter for
Getting in, as Loki had said, was easy. They found a side door that was unlocked that lead to a kitchen, the kitchen itself was empty as well as the immediate hallway beyond. A quick raid of the kitchen yielded some more food that they took.
Gulping in deep breathes, Wade greedily took in Tony’s scent. Allowing the scent of a Parental Sub, to calm him. The combination of the soothing tone, the rubbing on his back and the Orchid-like scent helped to calm him enough to be able to speak.
They had been talking quietly to themselves, as soon as they noticed Tony they ceased. Looking up at the Sub. Gazes intense.
“Gross man...”
“We will take two of you to meet the others of our group, talk and see if they all agree to join groups. I can’t make decisions for everyone, we decide as a group what to do.”
“But how did they get the best of him? Steve is really strong and hard to best in battle, even Bucky struggles to win against him. The only one I’ve seen beat him would be Thor...”
“Wade sir,”
Ignoring Wade grumbling about being called kiddo again, Bucky led them down into the houses, past the construction equipment and the office he had been hiding in earlier that day. Lucky for them, no more deado’s lingered about the area making their hustle to the house quick and blessedly uneventful.
Due to his attention on the zombies, Bucky doesn’t notice a bit of debris behind him that sends him sprawling.
Nodding hesitantly Tony gives a small weak smile. Half hearted at best. “Yeah, thats all we can hope for really...hope we find them one day...”
“Buck!” Steve hissed at him appalled at that.
“Thank you for the consideration” Charles smiles softly at them all, still held in Logan’s arms, wheelchair being carried in Logan’s other hand.
The sun was now starting to steadily rise over the horizon, soon he would wake the others up and bring up his thoughts on the lightning. Perhaps Bucky would also head in that direction. He’s smart and would most possibly come to the same conclusion as he did about the lightning. It would certainly be safer for Bucky to seek Thor and search with him rather than look for the group alone.
For the first time in years, Tony could feel the start of a sub drop creep on him. A gentle soothing sensation that made him feel soft and fuzzy. For once, it wasn’t being met with resistance. Tony didn’t want to resist this time, he actually felt safe enough to allow it to wash over him a bit.
“Is Wade ok?!” Peter’s voice cuts over everyone else’s as he impatiently strains against Bucky’s arms, his head craning to the side as if that would help him see around the door. Grinning, Bruce pushes the door to make it swing open instead of answering. Stood there in his usually jeans and hoodie was Wade, looking as healthy as he did the day before the bite; not a single hint of any sign that he was liable to turn into a Deado.
“Awwww!” Pouting the younger the two pick up a card grinning excitedly he shows the brightly coloured fish to Wade.”look what I got!”
“Loki and Thor- take that end and sort through what’s useful or what wont be, basically take anything that isn’t perishable or is machinery” gives them a copy of the list Bruce gave them, including that certain item that Steve still has no idea what it is. “Here is a list, make these priority if you can”
“Just one, an older one but still could breed for a few more years. We can’t tell what the kid is yet.”
Tony groaned in the complaint as his group came to yet another corridor. Honestly, this place had too many of these joining each room. There was even old servant hidden corridors that the two god alphas took to clearing. Tony and Clint taking the main ones. The server ones were near pitch black and therefore much more dangerous to navigate. They had warned the group on the bottom floor of said corridors.
Waving a hand dismissively, Tony grabs his toolkit and motions for Bucky to sit on the bed so he can finally look the arm over.
On the ground, atop a pile of leaves is a shiny metal object, flashing colours coming from it alerting the Deado of its presence. Not caring what kind of colours it was making, all the Deado cared for was that it was changing, giving the appearance of moving which equalled food. With a lurch the Deado shuffles marginally faster towards the object.
“Ok kid, we are gonna walk to each store now. Check them out, grab anything we can get easily and without compromising ourselves ok? You stay behind me and only use this knife if you have to got it? We have to be careful as it is just us and you must do as I say, if I say run you bloody run. Find a safe spot to hide in and i’ll find you if it comes to that”
They move across to the closest road leading out of the city, slowly. Taking extra precautions to not get seen. Many times having to duck and hide, wait for the few walkers they come across to pass. Slowly but surely they make it to the road. Checking each car they come across for any extra supplies or if they can use it. Most have already been siphoned out of gas.  Several pile ups here and there, that had at one point been burning.
At the bottom of the drive, snarls of more Dead at the now shut gate could be heard. Frenzied by the smell and sound of humans shouting.
Sam was happy for her, to have managed to keep ahold of something so pure in such dark times, Sam was a little envious but mostly, he is happy for her. Everyone needed something good to help them carry on.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
“Pete? Wade? Time to go, kids, grab your stuff ok? Did you feed Punk Wade” Tony moves about grabbing bags and handing them to the two young kids who had been quietly playing with Punk on the floor?
It’s getting hard to stay away from the main horde as well as take some out as he goes, they are to close together to make it safe. Should his knife get caught they would have him. Hs best bet is to lead the group away and come back once they are far away enough.
“ I’m going down to the gate to check for any Dead. Possibly closing them as well, the Hulk is uncomfortable with them being open. I want you two to stay in here and stay quiet ok? Any trouble comes you hide in the footwells and call the others. Got it?” Satisfied when he gets nods in acknowledgement, Bruce grabs his bag for just in case and gets out, Wade following him surprisingly.
“I thought I had at least another hour on watch,” Whispering she turns back to the window. The night blessedly still.
“This is the last well, I have three to take from over the course of the year, sometimes the others dry up quickly if there lack of rain. So don’t be alarmed if water stops coming out as you pump. That there is the pump. That fence over there is the far end of my property.”
This i some awesome fan art by an amazing artist on tumblr! Check out their blogs, they have two one for saw and one for nsfw art! They are super chill as well.
Run for freedom, run for sky
Nodding the two kids say their goodbye, Peter much more animated than Wade who’s still a bit withdrawn.
Something in Steve’s chest ached as he watched Tony, turning to the side he caught eyes with Bucky. Surprised to see a soft expression on his face as he to was watching Tony. He was waiting for jealousy to spark, but it never did, instead he found himself wondering. Before his thoughts could get to carried away be abruptly put a holt to that train of thoughts. Now was not the time to speculate what could have been.
“Oooookay there kiddo, one question at a time once we get moving ok? We best get in the car and start moving on, who knows what your lightning will attract.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The trek to the car was at least 2 hours at normal walking pace. They were keeping to the bushes at the road side, jogging to get further faster. Luckily the roads and trees are clear. Thank God for that, for Steve’s mind sure as hell wasn’t on the road. Unlucky, or rather Lucky for him; depending how you viewed this situation. Natasha noticed.
“Peter wait! Hang on wiggle butt before you hurt yourself,” Chuckling, Steve gets Peter out of the chair and hands him to Bucky to hold onto him, just in case it’s bad news. Smirking, Bucky effortlessly holds the squirming child and ruffles his hair affectionately, when Peter gives a small whine in protest to being held.
“They could still be alive, just unable to contact you right?” Bucky spoke out tentatively, his hand raised as though he was going to squeeze Tony’s should but stopped short, unsure how his touch would be received.
Smirking Bucky claps Steve’s other shoulder shaking him a bit.
Sighing softly, Tony urged Peter up as the other car pulls up behind their car, the rest of the group joining them. He had spent the rest of yesterday in a bit of a mess after what happened at the housing construction site. When they settled for the night in the town he pulled himself together, Peter needed him to continue being strong for him.
“It…it bit my arm…” hands trembling, Wade pushes up his jacket sleeve to reveal a bite mark on h upper arm. Near his shoulder. The teeth had just barely broken the skin, but that was enough to transfer the disease.
Behind him Clint and Bruce are tending to Natasha’s wrist that she strained- possibly broken during their escape.
“Remind me again, why we needed to catch one of these? We’re not taking that thing inside are we?”Sam eyes the Deado dubiously, it has finally noticed them and is making grabby hands at them from where it hung.
With a yelp of fright, Tony throws his book nearly smacking Steve in the face, it’s only thanks too Steve’s super soldier reflexes that he caught it in time. Laughing as well the smug dick. Behind him Tony could hear and feel Bucky shake with laughter, the urge to stab was suddenly rising oddly enough.
Shaking his head Steve looks around a bit paranoid that the people from earlier may come across them again.
finally an update for you all! i have included a fan poem that i had been given permission a while back to share and include. written by thoughtfulbreadpolice- no dead nation. hope you all enjoy her poem as well as this chapter!
Eyeing him carefully, Steve looks for any signs of him trying to lie but all he sees; like Natasha did; complete honesty.
However that lightning was telling a different story. If Thor was here, they would have a greater Chance to survive, maybe even possibly get what other survivors they could and taken to some place where they could be much safer. Hell, he would willingly live in the Antarctica if it meant safe from the dead right now.
Pretty soon they were walking through residential area, quietly they made their through. Ducking behind cars to avoid any singular Deado. Not wanting to be slowed down or possibly attract any others hiding in the area. The search was going painstakingly slowly as they checked any house they think Thor may have taken residence in. Turned to be a lot of potential houses.
“Thanks for the help getting inside man” Sam nods at Bucky patting his shoulder as he passes him. “do you know which rooms are set up for these guys?”
Oh god does Tony miss his best friend, all he could do was hope that both him and Pepper and hopefully Happy as well, where all ok. Surviving and getting by, hopefully travelling together or in a bigger group for safety. Before he could get too focused on his own thoughts, Tony forcibly brings himself back into the present and smiles fondly as the two boys move to the table. Tony snagged a quick hug as the Wade passed, expressing his relief that he was ok.
“Right, Sam, Nat said your alone; you’re not lying to us are you? As you can see, we have a kid with us and Can’t afford anyone that could drag us down or cause us any trouble.” Sam’s eyes flick to Peter, his eyes soften a bit. Flicking back to Steve he nods. “I’m alone, I’ve been alone since this started. I Had a truck not far from here but it ran out of gas.”
Sing a lullaby to the grieving
“Are you ever going to call me by my name?” all Wade received in response was a grin. “Meanie”
~~~~~
Perhaps, now being back together as a group, something could grow again. He and Bucky would have to talk about it ofcourse, but he doesn’t see how it would be a problem. Hopefully they can find a safe place, a place with high walls to hide behind. A place Peter can run around without fear. A place they can all rest without always having to look over their shoulder. A place love could grow.
Blinking in shock, Steve looks over his shoulder at his best friend- where had that random question come from? Since Loki and Tony had left to do the recon, Thor moved to sit in the truck in case they need a quick getaway while Bucky and Steve were stood in the middle of the road, backs together as they keep watch both ways.
It was Bucky who spoke, face a stone cold mask, voice soft and quiet that only seemed much more foreboding than if he had shouted.
On cue both kids start to complain and pout.
Steve glances around trying to find an alternative route should they get discovered. Its a blank wall behind them belonging to an old factory.  Silently cursing he kneels down by Bucky to peek under as well. Sharing a glance they both grimace when realising how bad their situation is. Bucky quickly goes back to keeping watch.
“There’s tracks here, two others dragged another away from here…” Logan called out to her, standing 3 feet from her as he points at the near invisible tracks in the dirt covered ground. Joining him, Natasha looks at the tracks he found and is inclined to agree with him.
There’s a few flares and some food and one bottle of water in it still, as the rest of the supplies are in the back. Taking out the flares he hands Wade the pack.
“Bucky…I’m sorry if I crossed a line there James.”
Glancing at Peter to make sure he will be ok, Steve shifts as the group settle around the room and looks at the new guy. Sam.
sorry for my temp haitus there! depression  kept coming and going and cleared out all my creative drive for a bit and life in general got in the way and distracting! hope you gusy enjoy this i was debating this longer but i'm mean :p send me your thoughts! flames will be ignored unless they're actully helpful on how to make bits better!
Sing a song to wave past the living
Baffled Bucky walks towards the Asgardian prince, his eyes nearly bugging out of his head. They had thought that Thor wouldn’t be coming back ever again. Yet here he was! The Asgardian in question looked pretty much the same as before. Long golden hair Half pulled back out of his face with only a thin wisp that hangs loose. A short beard covers his chin that gives him somehow an endearing look. His leather hide like armor and long red cape that are exactly as he remembered, completes the look.
Scanning the grounds Steve murmurs to his group. “Stay vigilant in case still, they could be hiding or simply out hunting. Until we can be sure this place is clear, I want everyone to stay on guard ok?” A chorus of agreement is his reply as they get out of the car, keys left in for a quick escape if needed.
~~~ ~~~ ~~~
The hand not being used to eat, was idly petting Punk’s head that rested on his lap, hoping for any scraps of food that may fall down; despite already having eaten a bowl of food already. Pulling out a chair besides Peter, Steve looks down with a soft smile and ruffles Peter’s hair, messing up further the curled locks.
Come scream at me  on tumblr under larissaloki :) remember comment fuel my drive!
Extending the offer, Thor looks between each person but settles his gaze on Charles, sensing that the elder man is the one that calls the shots here. Thor’s heightened senses can tell that Charles is a Sun, his calming aura only evidence of a lifetime using it to his advantage to influence situations and keeping everyone level headed. Even Thor can feel the effects and all tension bleed out from him, yet he knew nothing bad would happen to him not Sam here, that Charles was most likely trying to avoid any conflict or simply does this without realising now.
“We can’t be sure there isn’t still groups managing to get by in once high populated areas. They would still be dangerous. I guess it doesn’t really matter where we go actually...” Nodding his agreement, Steve focuses on the road looking for any signs to get any idea which way their heading. “Agreed, but we can’t just wonder aimlessly. We may have to camp in the car tonight if we don’t find someplace in a few hours. We can decide where to head in the morning.”
“Sounds like a plan sweetheart, but for now lets eat and rest” Grinning cheekily, Bucky dodges the punch aimed at his side as he jumps up grabbing the food backpack.
Smiling fondly, Tony grabs his already packed bag and tools.”Another town, we can’t get to Asgard today so we’re looking for a better home ok?” Checking the room once more for anything missed, Tony pulled out his makeshift electric emitting glove and hands the two super soldiers some of the stuff he had been making last night.
“Hello everyone, I hope Logan told you about the group we met? This is two of the members, Sam and Thor. They have come to see us and take us to their base if they are happy with our group” Colossus introduced Sam and Thor to the group had now turned to give the their full attention.
“Agreed, keep eye out for more of them ok? And don’t forget to eat. Food very important” Scoffing at Colossus’s mothering, Logan mutters as he waves his hand in acknowledgment.
“You could say that. Say Tony, how do you think Wade survived the bite? Not one person before has survived and yet, here is a small kid who has actually beaten it. Simply amazing…”
Bucky truly was a cat at times. Content to sit in the sun for hours just snoozing, no one let it fool them though, Bucky was always alert within seconds if something happened. This snoozing was kinda like a saver mode, Tony had once described it as.
Nervously fiddling with his glasses, cleaning them with the hm of his shirt, Bruce finally spoke up. Bringing up the most dreaded conversation that none of them wanted to have but needed to have.
“Oh and that puppy is called Punk!”
“Who are they?” Tilting his head, Wade leads up the hill a bit, leading Bucky into the bushes and trees till their out of sight from the dead before veering to the right. “Oh right, Steve is this dom punk that leads our group. Tony is the fireball of a sub that’s the dad of Peter who is the little boy I mentioned.”
“One strand of hair misplaced Loki…” Bucky growled quietly at Loki, a knife was twirled in his hands threateningly. Scoffing, Loki turned his back on them, already walking towards the building causing Tony to hurry after him.
“Would you like to share with the class first?!”
Before all this, this would have been easy for the ex-black widow, but weeks of being on edge near constantly and sleepless nights from old nightmares as well as new ones, has drained her as it has all of them. Even the super soldiers where often looking worse for wear, whereas before they could of gone strong for days in a row. They all took the chance to rest when they could, not knowing when they would next have that chance.
“…if we weren’t in a post-apocalyptic world…I’d be scared that you were about to murder me..”
The group all nodded their assent to the plan.  The mood brightening as they work out the new plan. It may not be what they originally wanted, but it’s the best in the situation they are in.
The group were tense, not long after Wade was bitten, Steve ordered them all to go inside. The bottom floor was pretty much cleared earlier, however, Steve, Bucky and the Asgardian brothers quickly sweeper the place that was left to be checked. They moved fast and with little care to themselves. Just wanting to make sure this place was safe for them all to move around in without fear of something ambushing them at night.
On the slab patio that is set directly outside a sunroom which has its double doors wide open, inside is a lounge like room but more cosy and far brighter. There is a long sofa that looks comfortable with two arm chairs at either end, all facing the doors so that the occupants can enjoy the view. In front of the sofa is a long mahogany coffee table and by the arm chairs smaller stands. The walls around the room are filled with various books and games for the occupants to find enjoyment. The owner before must have used it to have breakfast in or paint in as on one side of the room is filled with old easel’s of various sizes and many canvas’s. This room was quickly becoming the groups favourite.
“Aye Captain, we will gladly follow and help” grinning the god of thunder claps Steve’s shoulder
Then tell us in the morning
“Hey! It’s us, is it Tony or Bucky in there? Pete needs to use the bathroom!”
“Tony? What you hatching in that head of yours?..” Bruce asked tentatively, watching Tony as he goes into the next room, seemingly ignoring the other two. Muttering under his breathe as he moves around the machines.
Getting back into the car,  Wade tugs the door closed his small arms struggling with the old car.
“I’ll go get Tony, Bruce, Nat and Clint if he’s up. You go see if Loki, Thor and whoever from the other group wants to join us. Meet you in the sun room down here in 20 minutes?”
Panting hard, Clint ran as fast as he could. The more time ahead of the horde he had, the better everyone can hide. The safer they will all be. Dodging into the housing estate, he makes a beeline for the house first. Perhaps Tony and Bucky had already gotten back?
Agreeing with a Bucky’s orders, Sam sets off up the stairs first. Leaving Bucky rubbing at his face in sudden bone deep exhaustion. If they didn’t have the undead to worry about, this wouldn’t have been as difficult, plans much more easily planned and the government on their side. As it is, they have so many things running against them, that what would normally probably be an easy rescue mission; was now mission impossible.
Winter gets antsy.
“We need to get out of this city Steve...It’s to dangerous here, not enough cover or directions to run in if we encounter a horde again.” Bucky stands dusting off his knees clutching his rifle tight as he looks around. Paranoia is getting to them all due to lack of sleep and food.
Impressed with how thorough they had been, Steve nod his thanks before using his foot to scuff the dirt, erasing the map. Steve decided to push the bit of info about the research lab to the back of his mind for now, maybe they will find another room with machines that they could use. If not, they may have to take on that room.
“What if Thor isn’t there Steve?” Tony looks up at the Dom, his eyes meeting Steve’s, unwavering. “What if we go back and it was just a freak storm?” What if Bucky in’t there? Lays unspoken between them but they all know it’s there.
“How about a few stories while we wait for food huh?” Beaming suddenly, perking up in his seat Peter nods enthusiastically. “Story!” Hushing his son Tony sighs, “sure story time, but quiet Petey ok?” Giggling Peter nods putting a finger to his lips. The group sit around the table. For a moment, it was like the team was whole, the quiet laughter at some of the stories. Tony even chipped in and grinned here and there, relaxing a bit more as more stories flowed.
fences can be mended
“Not cool nat assassin before compassion!” Confused Sam raises an eyebrow at the two, he opens his mouth as if to ask what the hell that meant but thinks better of it and shakes his head.
“Naw, you told me ya not my sweetheart, nothing about not calling you doll” grinning wider, Bucky passes Peter back to Tony who was swallowing thickly and looking away. A small blush on his cheeks as the Brooklyn drawl came out thick. Even Steve behind Tony was blushing a bit at it.
They make it to the town centre they park in the middle of the street, so that no matter how far from the truck they go they can all quickly get back to the truck. Jumping off the back, Steve and Sam make their way to the front where Clint an Nat are sat still.
“Maybe they found a way to subdue stronger people…which would be bad, very bad” Logan gives Natasha a stern, assessing look. “Do you have a bigger group somewhere? If so you’re whole group could be in danger judging by how prepared this group was for you here.”
“You’re Colossus’ aren’t you?”
Quickly, the group shuffle out. As the two spy’s said, the Deado’s are far from them for now. Luckily they have also yet to be seen. To their left a few are roaming at the side of the house, due to the dark they haven’t caught sight of them either. The group make it halfway when the first hungry snarl is aimed at them. As if acting like a homing beacon to the other Deado’s, more snarling and growling gets louder as the ones at the house side spot them. Stumbling they reach out for the fresh meat trying to get away. The snarls are loud enough for the ones by the fence can hear, like a surging wave; they crash into the fence snarling; wanting the prey they can’t quite see but know is there.
“Who? The ones attacking us or the ones helping us?” Clint pauses as he realises that he can’t see Steve. “Where’s Steve?” Ducking out of his hiding spot briefly to fire at some people hiding behind a car, managing to hit them before Clint pulls back to hide.
“Thor?”
Alarmed, Bucky rushes forward to yank Tony away from one of the monitors that he had started to rip apart.
Giving a mock salute, Clint scampers up a tree, everyone else huddles together, the days are getting colder. They should try and find thicker clothing soon. With a thud, Clint drops down grinning. There’s a small cluster of houses just down this road, looks like an old construction site where they were making new houses!” Excitement thrummed through the group. A potential place to settle if they could find materials to fortify the place, and if it’s not already claimed.
“Not that we can tell but the door was locked. We thought that maybe the door was blocked or locked from the other side maybe” Tony informs him quietly as the group make their way around the back.
The rest of the morning went by quickly as they ate and got ready to leave. They managed to find two containers still in on of the buildings on site filled mostly, with them in hand they set off on the road. Keeping their senses open they plodded along.
It’s nearly 30 minutes later when Bucky could pry Tony and Bruce from tinkering with the spare tech, meeting Sam downstairs with the Asgardian brothers, Colossus, Logan, Pyro and Charles. The rest must be settling down for the night, Nat offering to watch over the kids as well we Clint incase of any issues.
“Would that make the cities more safer again?” leaning forward Hopefully Clint asks, deflating when Bucky shakes his head.
“No worries Capt, we will all be careful” grinning, Tony winks at Steve before moving to kiss Peter’s and Wade’s head goodbye. “You two be good for Bruce ok? You do what he says and make sure to let the dog out to wee and feed him ok?”
As careful as he can, Steve pulled a blanket he had been using as a pillow, over Peter’s smaller frame to keep him warm. Around them everyone else had gone to sleep, Steve claimed the last watch, there was no way he could sleep now- besides, his watch would have been soon anyway.
“Come and get your McBucky assholes, limited time only!” Turning, he darts off towards the tree line leading the majority of the horde away. The opportunity of food being so close and easier to get than the two above to tempting to pass up.
“Either me or you need to go Tony, we are the only ones that know what we are looking for really-“
“Stop there, who are you?” Natasha keeps her voice even, despite their help they have no idea if they are actually friendly or not.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I want to help Steve!” Breathing heavily Tony turns to glare at the Dom, looking him right in the eye. He would not sit idly by when he could be helping. It’s not who Tony is. “I can’t sit about someplace safe while knowing you’re out there in constant danger. Not if I know I could help make things that could save you all. Give you all a better fighting chance of saving others!”
“Oh you- get you’re big ass over here!” Grinning cheekily Bucky made his way over to Steve who pulls him into a crushing hug. Squeezing Bucky tight Steve was overcome with relief that his best friend was alive, glad that his delaying and deciding to check this town was fruitful. They stayed in that embrace for a few moments longer, Steve murmuring nonsense in between kissing Bucky’s temple. Eventually they managed to pull away from the other but still holding the others arms.
As the come in, Bucky comes back into the front room and Peter is over like a shot. Hugging his legs with a cry of happiness. “Bucky!”
yes this is heavily influenced by walking dead this scene but lets be real, that show pretty much did every scene imaginable! either way hope you guys like!
“You know that’s not your baby right Tones?”
“But daddy! I’m not sleepy yet…” huffing, Peter puffs up his cheeks making him look like a chipmunk. Chuckling Tony ruffles his hair and nudges him to wards the top of the bed.
Concerned, Colossus speaks up. His face drawn into an uncomfortable frown, everyone pretty quickly got the impression that the big guy was very protective of every one around him; be it sub, dom or switch. Because of this, Tony found he felt no offense at Colossus’s concern for him, it came from genuine concern and not a sexiest view that he wouldn’t be able to handle this. The action reminded him briefly of how Steve is.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Startled Steve looks at her confused, “Nat? Why we stopping? We haven’t got time to waste!” Giving him an unimpressed look, she pokes at his chest. Hard.
“Oh for god’s sake give me a break from you hungry fuckers…Run!” Picking up Wade as he’s much faster, Bucky ran back down the street for the car. Hoping they can get in and take off before they end up surrounded. Cursing spitefully Bucky notices some small groups from earlier had managed to catch up to them and were closer to the car than the large one behind them.
Leaning forward cooing gently, Bucky smiles slowly at him, eyes half lidded as he takes Tony’s hand.
“Any chance the big guy has just simply taken a step away for a moment?”
Suddenly feeling like he’s encroaching Tony tries to snatch back his hand. Clearing his throat when Steve frowns at him confused and holds on.
“That it is kiddo-“
Usually lightning branched out more sideways rather than straight down, the only person he knew that could direct lightning…was Thor. But that’s impossible isn’t it? Thor wasn’t on earth, they had concluded that Heimdell refused to let Thor come to earth to help out. He couldn’t blame them, he would of cut of contact for fear of spreading this epidemic to his own world.
“I believe the best approach would be my self and Stark sneaking in to check the outside, find the best way in-“
“Yeah! Missed you lots, I have so much to show you! There’s this awesome bamboo garden outside that Steve and me found!”
Clint nudges them suddenly hissing, “You mean like now?” crouching low suddenly, they all still and look to where Clint was looking, down the road. Another horde, a small one but big enough to want to avoid. Swearing Steve pushes them to go further back into the under growth.
Nodding in agreement, Colossus raises an eyebrow at Natasha, “we have some more members of our own group hiding in a house not far from here, it would be perhaps in our best interests to join groups and forces. We can help each other.”
Thor glared at Loki who had muttered while he had been talking, not appreciating the jab from the trickster.
Still, Steve ‘mother-hen’ Rogers still insisted that some of the group went with. Due to the unknown danger, Peter had to stay with Steve upstairs to help dig holes in the gardens with the Asgardian brothers. Wade was still inside his room with Bruce and Sam.
Grinning Bucky starts the car and drives off, heading back to the main road to look for a safe place to stop for a bit. Silence settles over the group for a few moments when Loki leans forward to speak to Thor.
“Sorry to be a party pooper, but weren’t the medical centres and hospitals the first to go? I mean how big a medical centre are we talking about here?”
Sam was nodding along with her, perched on a rickety table that’s set against the wall, opposite the bed.
“Let’s prey we never find out, we taking the kid with us on our rounds?”
Only if for a night
“Bruce-“
This morning upon awaking, Tony had pulled up his metaphorical bootstraps and put his emotions back into check. Keeping Peter close and taking down any Deado that got within 10 feet of him and his Son. He was continually Snarling at Steve to back off, as he had taken to hovering right at Tony’s elbow since the incident. Quick to try to push Tony and Peter back or trying to keep Tony outside of the shops incase of Danger.
“It matters not anymore, Heimdell isn’t responding to our calls.”  The Asgardian’s came back in, making sure to lock the door behind them. Their faces are drawn in concern and worry as they move to join the group in the front room. Crossing his arms pensively, Thor pursed his lips, obviously agitated and worried about why Heimdell wasn’t responding. Heimdell always responded unless great trouble was waiting at Thor’s end, that Heimdell couldn’t allow passing through.
“You’re right, you’re both like charming cockroaches huh?” Chuckling, Steve lets him with a small push. Trying to ignore the lump in his throat. “You got that right,” Reaching out he ruffles Peter’s hair to try and prevent the child from worrying. Getting a giggle and a small hand shoving him away, he counts it as a success.
With a loud SNAP, the wire tightens around the Deado’s foot, hoisting it off the floor but it’s back hits the floor with a thud before it’s entire body is fully lifted off the ground. A large bit of skin from one of the arms peels off from where it collides with the rough ground. With a furious snarl, the Deado looks around for the shiny thing it came for and starts to reach for it, uncaring of the missing skin or that fact that its caught.
Now the Dom’s were squirming in their seats. Steve’s face gong darker as he swallows thickly before replying, “because I was till gone on you, I had hope that maybe one day we would find you. Maybe try again. I still sorta do hope that.” Shyly Steve looks up at Tony through his lashes- why were they so goddamn thick?! So unfair. Tony could feel the tell tale warmth of his own blush starting at that. Startled by that admission he worriedly looks to Bucky to see his reaction.
With a lazy salute, Clint sneaks back to the cars to inform the group of the potentially long wait.
“Should we risk hitching this onto our truck?” Whispering softly, Steve crosses his arms, one hand resting discreetly on the butt of a gun that sits in a shoulder holster that Nat made him wear and get used to.
Two hours later, the due had gotten around the massive horde, and slipped by most stragglers. Bucky only had to take out a few on their way back to where his group had last been. Privately he suspected that Steve had urged the group on as per their agreement. The entire way back when Bucky had been sure they were safe, he told Wade about the group. The names of each member and what they looked like, a little bit about their personality.
And No, dead don’t care
For anyone worried about this ending soon, relax i have so much more planned. We are no where near done! My god this fic turning out to be long as fuck and I definitely was not prepared for how long it is ending up being! I’m trying to not drag it out as much but it ends up being this long anyway. So romance is going to be slow going!
“You expect me to care? Seriously? Give me one good reason why I should let you stay”
“Ok!” Chirping happily he opens the book and Starts reading the book aloud to Clint, who makes sure to give Nat a withering look. Ignoring him, she takes the whistling kettle off the hob to pour out drinks and handing them out. Handing Steve his she leans against the counter whispering to him.
Loki nods at this, “I shall keep watch here while you focus on the hoard down there. Clinton, go to the cars and inform them of the situation.”
Shrugging, Tony rests his head against the cool metal of the car frame at his back. “It was bound to happen sooner or later. I’m surprised it just happened so soon”
Sam and Thor helped the group pack up for the journey, helping Charles get his battered wheelchair loaded up while Logan carried him. Logan seemed particularly protective of Charles Sam noted, nearly always hovering nearby Charles when he could and being the one to help him when Charles asks for help.
He can guess that the opponent is bombarding them with all this, to make them sloppy, rash in their decisions and easier to take down.
“Not good, he didn’t like being separated from Wade, kept shouting and screaming to see him. Then suddenly he went quiet and did this. Didn’t even move one inch once he was like this, he has only just fallen asleep. Steve, what are we going to do? We can’t just leave Wade to suffer.”
Peeking out at him, the earlier spark and attitude coming back as he grins back. “Really? I can come with!” Nodding with a warm smile, Bucky stands up fully again.
Two hours later found the group in Irondale, they parked their cars in the middle of the roads at an angle placing large signs that Sam and Steve managed to put together in case Bucky or Thor came by and missed them. They would now to wait by the car for the group to come back later.
“The hell James? I’m trying to work here!”
“Am I glad to see you again punk, was worrying that you would do something reckless without me to rain you in.” Scoffing Steve cuffs the back of his head playfully. “Everyone knows you’re worse than me jerk”
None of them had seen anyone to survive being bitten but that didn’t mean it wasn’t possible. They just all had to remain hopeful.
Tony’s only reply was Sam speedily backing away, gagging at the smell and tar like blood that slowly drained from the head that Tony held up.
They were not in Irondale that Bucky could find. It was a smallish town compared to New York which a massive Wallmart further along the main road. Keeping to the side roads just off the main road he drove slowly on, luckily most deado’s had moved on and only a few spotted the streets. Easily avoidable again.
“Tony...he-...He told me who Peter’s father was” That got both of their attention’s. Tony actually told him? “He told me that...I was Peter’s father” At that part Steve looked down rubbing his face, suddenly bone tired and weary. All the emotions he bottled up last night due to the shock, came pouring out of him. Like an unstoppable force of nature, unfurling and spilling out of him. Faster than he can hope to stop them.
The group shuffle and murmur nervously, wondering what could possibly be causing such distraction in Asgard that Heimdell would leave his post?
“I know it’s late, and we all would rather be in bed right now; resting after such a busy day. However something has come up. Something we all need to talk and be present for, Sam show them what you found”
Curiously, Steve watches Tony’s face wondering if his question would be ok to ask.
“No, stay by the truck and keep it ready to go at a moments notice, even if me and Sam aren’t on it- you see a herd or a group of other survivors that look non-friendly, go ok? We will make our own way back.” Giving her a stern Look, Steve leans on the door his head closer to Nat so that no one not right be the would be able to hear. Leaning into Clint’s side, Sam murmurs as well so to not be heard.
“How bad is the city when you left? Do any of you know how Pepper is?” Opening his eyes, Tony looked around at the group. A sinking feeling in his stomach as each avenger either flinched or looked away at that. He could tell without any of them opening their mouths, the city was in bad shape. Swallowing thickly, Tony prayed Pepper had gotten out and is alive with a group somewhere.
“We are Romanov, I knew you all for only a few days before I was tossed from the team.” Swallowing back the sadness at that she nods a tiny bit.
“You off out?” Curiously, Tony watches Steve change from comfortable clothes that he wears when around the mansion now, to his armoured suit. Tony silently watches as tantalising skin is slowly revealed, eyes trailing down the expanse of Steve’s strong, broad back once the shirt is gone. A trim waist that leads down to a pert ass and muscled thighs that could crush boulders and looked like they belonged to a Greek god statue.
“Tony, sweetheart” shaking his head, disagreeing with Tony’s statement. He decides to take a risk and cups his face. Tilting it to make Tony look up at him properly. “It’s not your fault ok? Bucky will be ok, he will find us again. Have faith in him, like me? Us super soldiers are hard to get rid of you know?” Cracking a small smile Tony nods.
Rolling his eyes and finally taking a seat himself, Steve shoved Clint’s feet off the table before replying, his tone long suffering and seems as if he’s had to already explained this several times before.
“Loki!?” They come to the Front room to see the Asgardian brothers stood in the middle greeting Tony who was both shocked yet pleased to see Thor while a tad weary of Loki. Peter was on the sofa practically vibrating with excitement as he look up at an older boy.
Cursing Bucky exhales while rubbing a hand through his hair, at least Clint is ok and alive.
Steve left the group sleeping for another hour, most of which he spent sneaking glances at Tony and his fingers itching for a sketch book . Tony’s face was actually finally relaxed in his sleep, his tired face smoothed out a bit. He still had bags under his eyes but there was no helping that, they all had bags under their eyes from the near constant need to be alert and on guard. They all treasured the moments in which they could finally drop their guard and actually recharge properly. They seriously need a more permanent home.
Grimacing, Steve nodded as he looked at Peter. He felt the same helplessness as Tony is, they all hated the thought of leaving Wade to suffer, but none of them could bring themselves to end it either. They all held touch hope that Wade would pull through. Bucky himself even said Wade would survive; as if any other outcome was simply out of the question. Mentally wincing, Steve again wondered if they were being selfish for waiting this out, for allowing the virus to run its course.
Steve isn’t going to give up hope just yet. He can feel it in his gut that Bucky is still alive, all they had to do was give him time to catch up again.  Meaning he had to try and find new ways to stall for as long as possible before the group forces him to move onwards.
“As you can see Captain, I have brought him back free of injury. We even found a good way in” smirking, the god of mischief waved his brother over who was still in the car, Bucky had followed Steve once he noticed that Steve had left his post.
“I’d love a soak after, that is if the hot water works. Come on let’s go before the child senses that I’m relaxing” grinning Tony takes Bucky’s hand tugging him again to get moving. “Honestly, kids seem to have a sixth sense for this sort of thing I swear,”
“How’s it going buddy? Done the maths?”
“Go get them I’ll hide her” nodding Bucky goes to remove the body, Peter doesn’t need to see it if they can help it. Going back out Steve called the other two in quickly.
“No, there..there was…” Bucky notices the poor boy shaking and starting to sniffle. Without thinking Bucky tipped Wade’s head back to try and comfort him but pauses as he sees the burn scars. His face must show his shock as Wade quickly tries to cover his face again, panic flitting across his face. Shaking his head to snap himself out of his surprise, Bucky tops him from covering himself completely.
“I’ll be right behind you doll! Now go!” Bucky urges Tony. As he starts to pull himself up. With one final glance back Clint pulls Tony to the edge that’s most stable and jumps across to a high up haul truck. Turning back around he urges Tony to jump.
“I just want to add, if my son gets hurt because of him, we won’t leave him because I’ll kill him.” Tony comes back with Bucky, his tone hard and unforgiving as he glares at Sam. Showing just how serious he is about that threat.
The room is filled with heavy thick silence as both sides stare at each other. The group unable to believe what their seeing. Tony is scared for his son. He’s the one to eventually break the oppressing silence.
“Really. Peter; the kid in our group; is kinda the only kid at the moment. I think he gets lonely with just adults to talk to” chuckling to himself Bucky allows his thoughts to briefly drift to his group. Hopeing that they’re all ok.
Standing Steve moves over to look down as well. It towns they haven’t been to but they could make it. It’s a start. Tony
Fiddling with his glove, Steve seems to take a few moments to think. Most likely considering what to say, contrary to his more impulsive reactions.
“Seriously? That’s all that’s on your mind right now?” Steve asked Bucky Incredulously, peeking over his shoulder at Bucky before turning to face forward again.
“Tony, can we talk? The three of us?” Steve asked, his tone portraying his unease. As if he fully expected the genius to refuse and walk away. Taking a deep breath, Tony plasters on a smile, turning to face the two Dom’s and leans against the counter.
His heart skips several beats at the thought of Bucky not coming back. His mind refused to acknowledge the possibility, he firmly told himself that Bucky was strong. He was a super soldier. He would escape the horde.
“Down James down…” Tony muttered while trying to gain some form of control over himself, trying to hide the spark of interest that went through him. Trying to keep his pheromones from broadcasting just how affected he is.
“Thank you Snowflake for that oh so wonderful compliment. Really warms my heart,” snorting Tony shook his head as the last of the shampoo was washed away. He let out a surprised eep when two arms pulled him back into Bucky’s chest, his nose shifting to sit behind Tony’s ear. A steady breath could be heard as Bucky simply held him.
It was inside a hardware store where things had started to go wrong. They had just dropped off a few things into their car to make sure they had no extra baggage as they visited the next store. Doing the same routine as the last few stores, Bucky made some noise just inside the shop’s door and closed it again as they waited for any deado’s to come to the front.
“Where’s your group? You shouldn’t be out here alone, its not safe for kids by themselves.” Walking forward slowly, Bucky approached Wade and kneeled down to his height. He was going to give this group a piece of his mind about this.
“How come Petey?”
Confused, the other two trail behind him, curious as to what Tony could possibly be dong.
“But that makes the abduction of your friend all the stranger, Captain America is strong.” Colossus’s own thoughts seem to be echoing hers as he speaks out. Shrugging almost nonchalant, Logan shakes his head just as confused as them.
“How far was the horde?” Tony whispers in the dark, pressed tightly against Bucky’s front, with him leaning over the top of him, shielding him almost. “Around 10 minuet’s out when we saw them. They could easily bypass us or wonder through any minute now...”
“Bucky?” Hopeful Steve urges Tony and Peter towards the house the sounds come from but makes them hide behind some bins in case there are Deado’s inside that Bucky is fighting. Quickly Steve practically kicks the front door in, shield and machete raised as he steps over the threshold but pauses as he takes in the situation.
Mentally, Tony mulled over this for a few moments, did he want to shower with Bucky? Oh god yes. However, was he ready to? It hasn’t been long that they had talked about being a three-way back at the last house, after the talk they have shared the same room but not slept on the same bed. The dom’s had seemed content to move at a slow pace for Tony. Letting him control the situation for now, which Tony was very grateful for actually.
Taking a deep breath, Tony brings the device up closer to be able to speak into it, clicking a button to turn it on. Static crackles through the air.
Bucky grinned when he saw the chemical name of the medicine, however the grin fell when he saw it’s common name above. Seeing the common name, Bucky cursed a blue streak in Bruce’s name, that lil scientist dick. Still, Bucky couldn’t help the grin on his face from forming.
In the middle of the front room Bucky was pushing off a now definitely dead Dominatrix, dressed in a very black widow like catsuit that has a boob window with the front laced up exposing skin don the torso. Over the knee boots with a heels that practically make the foot go vertical. The dominatrix even has what once must ave been vibrant red hair, now clumps are missing and matted. Freezing Bucky turns to Steve.
-	 -  -  -
“Riveting, don’t mind me while I contain my excitement…”
He’s even made a makeshift gauntlet to use on humans, just in-case, just because the world was up shit creek didn’t mean all humans would suddenly band together flawlessly to help one another. The gauntlet would administer a shock strong enough to stun a human for a few moments, long enough for him and his group to run away. Should they need to.
“Hopefully soon, Bruce is just going to check on him right now baby boy ok? Remember when I said that Wade was a bit ill? Well, Bruce is just checking to see if he’s better again ok?”
Tree roots and brambles snag at his clothes and see to conspire against him as he makes his way through the thick undergrowth. Just a bit further! Gritting his teeth he shoves branches out of his way jumping over a log, only to stop short at the barricade of spikes that are stuck in the ground.
Pouting but pacified by the prospect of eventually seeing other kids, Peter nods and goes back to his game with Wade.
There on the other side of the barricade is a young lad, he must only be about 7-8 years old. Bucky cant tell any features though as the young boy has a dark hood pulled up and over. He does though seem fearless as he pull on a taunt rope, which causes the net to slowly drift over the barricade to the other side. Below the dead follow the net with him in, causing them to blindly walk into the barricade and impaling themselves.
With a dry chuckle Tony looks out the window, a bitter sweet look on his face, “Yeah she is amazing, she helped me deliver Peter. The little rascal came two days early, it was the middle of the day. Peak traffic. The doctors wouldn’t of gotten here in time, and he wasn’t waiting around. I was already pushing by the time the SI private helicopter got here. God I thought I was going to die the pain was that bad...5 and a half hours from start to finish...” Surprised, Natasha looks at him alarmed.
“I take it she was taken off cooking duty huh?” Grinning, Sam takes a left that Yukio tells him to take, Yukio giggles nodding in agreement.
More bolts hit the camper and truck, whoever it is shooting must have shitty aim and just got lucky with Clint- or their distracting them. Keeping them pinned in place. Realising this, Clint swears to himself as he tries to crawl along as best as he can.
“Serial killers could still be alive you know” Chirping cheerfully, Yukio climbs out of the truck, leaving a suddenly frozen Sam.
“U-um, guys? Let’s keep it down yeah?...” Both proceeded to ignore Bruce as they bickered.
“Steve... I don’t think now is a good time...”
Many had seen sub service actions beneath them and purely a Sub trait, Tony had only heard of Dom’s willing to serve their Sub’s in articles online or in rumours.
“What’s your name kid?”
Run, run, and don’t look back
Tony spent two hours grilling Colossus and Yukio; names were finally swapped after an initial freak out; asking them about who they are, how do they know the group that attacked, why would they attack them and what information did Colossus have that he could share?
“If someone left a note...there may be someone still here right?”
“Wade?” Pausing, Bruce looks down at the young boy. For a moment he feels bad for leaving them alone in the car. But this has to be done.
Colossus’s group was not what Sam expected at all, despite the various hints about their group, Sam was still surprised when Thor and he were introduced to them.
By Steve, Natasha rolled her eyes a bit but nods in agreement to Clint’s remark. “That’s pretty much what we found.”
Looking into Tony’s eyes, Bucky could see a similar look in his, along with understanding. They both had too many scars to count, all from various things such as stupid childhood stunts to accidents to battle inflicted wound. They both had scars that weren’t visible to the naked eye.
“Immune? Well how bout that huh? Tell our spy to keep an eye on them and their group, to report back to us any weaknesses and who would be useful. Any Subs?”
Murmuring in agreement, Steve goes to the connecting parts to unhitch the camper; lifting it by himself and easily moving it to their own truck. That should be a big enough ‘do not fuck with us’ sign.
Much to Bucky’s delight, Steve’s facial journey was a thing of beauty and couldn’t help but wish Bruce was here to see it himself. Bucky decided to commit this to memory so that he could tell Bruce how successful his prank is.
They can’t reverse nor drive forward due to to many dead surrounding them. Gritting his teeth Bucky pushes Wade into the foot wells out of hands reach. If worst came to worst he could try and get out and lead the dead away long enough for Wade to make a break for it. Not that Bucky is keen to take a suicidal route mind you.
Tony had voiced his concerns and the others had agreed, the bonus is that it will give them extra precious minutes to run should the dead get in past the first fence.
He knows he shouldn’t of taken it so personally that Tony had hid that he was a sub from him. Had hid it from everyone but he had been thrown for a loop. He came from a time that suppressants were not a thing. Didn’t excuse his shitty reaction one bit though, god if Peggy was here she would of smacked him upside the head for how he handled this!
“Come on doll lets get in. You’ll feel better once clean I promise.” Smiling softly, Bucky urges Tony to stand and move to the spacious shower. Smaller than Tony’s old custom one back in Malibu when he lived there, but still large enough to move about comfortably in.
sorry for the delay in updating! christmas was hectic and i was ill a lot! i have vague plans on where to go with this bit is there any extra characters anyone would like to see added? i am planning on adding a child wade wilson but still thinking on how to introduce him!
The air smelt thick of ozone and electric. A scent both Dom and Sub recall belonging to the Thunder God.
Bucky was one that had spoken out a bit at Tony’s dismissal, and one that Tony had missed a lot. He hadn’t cared about who Tony was but, his loyalty to Cap came first. He had followed Steve to try and help him calm down. Tony didn’t overly begrudge him for that, after all had it been the other way round with Rhodey, well he would have gone after his best friend as well.
“That’s true, but this one looks like a small centre. Just enough for a local community for small things. In this town here, a large hospital that looks like only a small drive away where I would think people would go for major things. We would have to be careful obviously but it could potentially work”
“Kiddo, you ok?!” Leaning in Bucky peeks further in to see where Wade is hiding and exhales heavily in relief when his head pops up from the foot well.
https://www.tumblr.com/blog/larissaloki
Quickly, Tony moves over to him, Gently placing a hand on Bucky’s shoulder to still his metal arm, turning Bucky to face him Tony quickly undid the buttons with deft fingers. Carefully and gently, Tony eased the jacket off, murmuring to himself to check it over once their clean and he can see the arm properly.
“Yeah, hoping to get out quick before the horde comes back. Or stragglers reach this place. Bucky…he’s not with us for now…he’s the one leading the horde away.”
“So it looks like it’s decided. Sam, you take half the group with you and lead the way to the mansion. The rest of us will follow behind and we will clear out the mansion first and make it safe to stay in. Once that is secured we will make a plan and check out the centre. That ok with everyone?”
“We found similar stuff, only Tony raided a book store and a pharmacy that miraculously had some things left.”
Grinning, Clint opens a door on the left to check a room only to find it’s a closet full of fresh linens and blankets.
“So let’s pack up, get ready to get moving. Thor, Loki- are you two coming with us?”
The next morning they woke up to mist and rain that drizzled lazily outside. Patting soothingly on the windows. Groaning in protest, Bucky rubs at his eyes; mournful of the amazing dream he was having. Dream Stark has a great ass and it should be a crime to have to cut such a enticing dream short.
“What the hell did you do to this?! Who on earth was messing around in here?! The poor thing is mutilated!” Grabbing tools and a cloth rag, he sets to work quickly and efficiently. Peter wondering over, crawling into Bucky’s lap without a care to peer in, curious. Freezing, Bucky stare’s at the kid unsure what to do.
Occasionally they came across a Deado or two; staff members that had been locked out of the room where the rest where; but were able to swiftly dispatch them before they could make much sound, alerting others of the alive humans nearby.
“So, when do we go then?”
“Yeah, take Natasha with you, your both sneaky and good at stealth, you’ll be quicker by yourselves.” Checking the fences as Tony had taught them they spread out daggers drawn in case.
Shoulders back, head high and weapons were drawn, the Avengers make their way up the stairs to the front doors. Mentally preparing themselves for what lays beyond.
“Got it” nodding, Sam turns to face away from the vehicle and scans the parking for any trouble. The group were beginning to worry that there wasn’t anyone else left in the continent, they have yet to pass anyone that wasn’t at the time being chased by a large herd, beyond their help. As much as they hated it, some people they had to pass by, knowing that nothing they could of possibly done would have saved them.
“T-th-they came out of n-nowhere!”
Frowning Sam paused by the two talking, “Books? Why would you want to stop by a book store?”
Frowning, Bruce hums quietly as he thinks it over, accepting a new coffee from Sam as he passes them all new cups.
“Good to see you hard at work, veg nearly done Roger’s?”
“-he’s here to help us. I understand that people may not trust him but he can help you save others. We wish to get as any survivors as possible and get to Asgard. Or at least some place safer”
After a mall bit of hesitation Wade slips off the hoody and hands it over keeping his face down, still nervous about showing his skin. Yawning, Peter crawls into a comfy position before reaching up and tugging Wade to come into the bed. Due to the limited amount of beds, the two kids are sharing one with Tony on the beanbag in the room. No way was he going to brave two young kids and their flailing limbs.
“ok group, lets head that way but through the bushes in-case someone already lives in one of those houses. We don’t want to run into any hostiles. Keep low and quiet, Nat – you and Clint run ahead of the group and scout. Bruce, you and Tony and Peter will stay with me and Bucky. Ready?” Getting nods the group head into the bushes hurrying through as fast as they can allow. Only three deado’s came across them and were easily dispatched.
“Wanna go test the showers doll? I bet we both could use a good soaking in hot water” Chuckling, Bucky winks at Tony as he directs Tony towards their rooms.
Shifting through a box, Bucky cleared out anything perished or useless, the next box was filled with medicine for all sorts of ailments and conditions. Many names jumped out at Bucky, more than half he had no hope in properly pronouncing but some he recognised. The ones he did he placed in his backpack along with a few boxes from the list. Just as Bucky was about to move the rest of the box to a pile to take but not priority, he spots a certain name. One that Steve had shown him and looked at many times in confusion since Bruce had given it to him.
Hope and relief flows through Clint as he prays their friendlies the ones helping them and not just some group fraud they got in the middle of.
Throwing the door open he pushed Wade inside first before jumping in and slamming the door just as the smaller group reaches them. Shoving everything to the side Bucky makes an effort to keep calm as he hurries to get the car going, but the larger group are close and those around make it hard to go forwards without jamming the wheels.
“We heard some in a few fields over, the cows in the next farm where making a racket, so tonight and tomorrow we have to be silent and careful until we’re sure they are far away from here ok?”
“-stay behind me ok? Keep an ear out incase any of those things are still about. We are gonna head straight to the house my group were in to see if they are still there.”
“Please Tony, I know you could help us. However I’d..we would all feel better if you went to Asgard with the kids to be safe. The Deado’s are more attracted to your scent than ours. You’re in more danger than us.” Steve implored, practically begging the Sub to listen. He and Bucky just wanted Tony and the kid safe. Away from this waking hell. However, they both also knew Tony would not take this idea well.
Sauntering over to the other two, Bucky smirked at Steve who had yet to really close his mouth but was helping Tony dry.
“Tony, I swear, we won’t abandon nor do anything that could directly or even indirectly lead to your and your son getting hurt, you have my word as a captain..”
The information on the attacking group was depressingly little yet alarming, to have such a powerful group that supposedly had control of such a large area, yet was staying well hidden from any passing groups. Tony took a mental note of the leaders name; Francis, the only solid information that Colossus could give him; and tried to think of anyone he could have met in the past, that could fit this mystery before them.
“What the hell…”
“Hmmm, we must find the others. Safety in numbers and all that…”
Chuckling they hug one last time briefly, “where are the others?”
Nodding, Colossus bows his head a bit in greeting.
Coming around to where Clint stands, Steve curves his back so that outsiders can’t read his lips- who knows what skills this person or persons have.
Clint was the one to grin leaning forward nodding, “Oh yeah! It was an escaped experiment! Nearly ate Cap there! So me; being the amazing Hawkeye I am; swooped in and saved him using an exploding arrow!”
“Undoubtedly” Bucky pursed his lips in irritation. Its way to late to deal with this but again, it could be something they will want to deal with sooner rather than later. If this has something to do with Steve, they will want to know tonight.
His face felt hot and wet. Biting his lip to prevent any more startling cries escaping, Tony pulls Wade into his chest again. This time rocking him harder, his face buried into Wade’s hair. Wade wasn’t stupid. He knew what the bites did, they were what allowed this epidemic to spread. Much like rabies, it sees to be passed through by bodily fluids. In this case, saliva.
Panting harshly, legs moving as fast as he could, Tony makes it to the main stairway. He catches a glimpse of the two super soldiers dashing out of the door. The Asgardian brothers by passing him on the stairs.
Nodding Sam understood Tony’s concern on this matter. Hospitals were the first to go in the beginning. The ill and infected easily succumbing to death and risen in droves. It didn’t help that many didn’t realise until it was too late that to kill the dead, properly they had to destroy the brain.
new introductions and truths told
“I’m going to stop you there Cap, now isn’t the time to talk. Unless its about the farm lets save any issues until later, alright?”
“You all ok?” Murmuring softly Natasha asks him, eyes constantly flickering away to check the many bushes and trees around them. “We need to get inside now, we will explain everything but it isn’t safe out here.”
Belatedly, Tony heard Bucky murmur to him and gesturing for him to sit on the toilet seat, as he starts the shower to test the water. Idly, Tony watches Bucky test the temperature, grinning sleepily when Bucky cheered as it actually heated up.
They came from the sides, a large group must have been just around the corner when they heard Bucky make a racket. Snarling the wave of dead tumbles around the corner, quickly spotting the two humans.
“Damn, Tony you finally smell like a real boy and not a rust bucket filled with stagnant water,”
Taking a deep breath Steve puts his hands on the last door, the door with the kiddie stickers and animal letters spelling out the name ‘Peter’. Taking a deep breathe, he opens the door and raises  his gun going into the room before freezing. Staring at the two figures in front of him in shock.
“Winter special over here! Come on assholes, lets play tag for a bit huh?” Baring his teeth at the horde he continues to slowly lead the group away making sure to make a lot of noise to draw away as many as possible. He has to give the kid as best a chance as he can.
Grinning softly with amusement, Tony ruffles his son’s head fondly.
Jumping down from the back of the truck, Steve and Sam hurry over to a camper attached to another truck. They had decided to go around the outskirts of the town to look around for any signs of any other groups or blocked roads; in the back of the truck, Sam and Steve where jotting things down routes and landmarks in a small notebook. Maybe they could find a way to funnel traffic around the town if they know all the ins and outs. It would to make patrolling and defending easier and also diverting the Dead easier with minimal chances of injury.
The two new comers that had helped Natasha at this end of the street make their way to the truck once they are sure all attackers are gone. Getting out of the truck, Natasha raises a hand gun at them in warning.
“How diid your guys search go?” Steve’s voice is a low rumble, at any other time Tony would have found soothing and pleasant. Right then he just found it irritating after the long day.
The air seems relaxed for a bit, they had to otherwise they would go insane worrying about everything every second of the day, every day. Didn’t mean they cared any less.
“Everything will be ok Doll, you’ll see” Bucky pulled a blanket around Peter and Tony to keep them warm, as the air starts to get colder the lower the sun goes.
Dom’s are cheeky and shouldn’t be so damn good looking- Tony stark several times a day.
“It’s fine Tony, but thanks” Smiling Steve catches his eye to show that he means it. “I er, I hope it’s not to personal, but um, who’s Peter’s dad? He said you never told him?” Almost instantly Tony’s face shuts down, any relaxed posture is gone. All laughter gone from his eyes. Replaced by guilt as he looks away from Steve, suddenly unable to meet his eyes.
Putting one of Clint’s arms around his shoulder’s, Sam helps get Clint into the other side of the truck while dodging stray bullets, once sure that Clint’s door is secure Sam raises his rifle. The attackers are starting to retreat as more of them get hit, now that Sam is looking around, there was loads that had managed to surround them.
“Hey Steve, do you think at one point Tony had a sex dungeon?”
Locking the door and casting a few wards and alarms on the door, Loki glances at the new group with an analytical gaze, storing away any tidbits of information he notices. Bucky seems to be doing the same to his side, the winter soldier training in him doing it practically on autopilot. Bucky may hate the years in Hydras grasp and he may despise what they did to him and made him do, but he cannot deny that the skills he picked up and honed has helped him survive this hell so far.
“Lo-Lo?!”
“I don’t know, Daddy didn’t tell me. Says it doesn’t matter” Smiling Peter Shows her his work proudly. “Finished!”
“Well, maybe lets shelf that topic for another day him? I wan if you guys are dating then I don’t want to get in the middle of you…”
“Thor is here? I knew that lightning was him!” They quickly leave and push the dom back into the room before closing the door behind them.
No Dead Nation
“The truck needs more fuel, I’ll top it up while you guys go look for stuff. Clint can stay and we will take that side-“ Nat gestures to one side of the street,”once the truck is filled again?”
“Daddy, do the others not like us?” Pausing in doing up Peter’s shoes, Tony looks up surprised at his son.
“Don’t worry wrecking ball, I’m OK to do this, I have you all here to help me or take over if I can’t handle it OK?”
That thought alone was enough to make him cry most nights. He felt like he had failed Peggy again and no amount of logical thinking was helping either.
“We’re staying. I... I want to be the father I should have been-“
Natasha stares at the window, senses on high alert in the pitch black of the front room, the heavy drapes pulled to the side. So that she can open the blinds the smallest amount to peek out. Stiffening, she hears footsteps quietly come down the stairs, turning she relaxes upon seeing Tony. Smiling at him she offers him one of the blankets, that she’s using to keep warm. Taking it gratefully he settles in besides her.
At Steve’s exclamation, the group turn to face them. Thor moving quickly to stand between his smirking brother and the rapidly angering Captan.
“I rented out working horses, provided fields for archery events and sometimes to the other farmers close by. I also did machine maintenance for much cheaper than any other company. Pep helped with the bills if I was short one month.” Chuckling, he played with the hem of his robe. “I’m afraid I can’t offer any sleeping clothes to you all, apart from maybe Natasha.”
Once Steve shut the door, Bucky opened one eye lazily to see him and gave a lazy twitch of his lips in greeting before shutting his eye again, to content and sleepy to move. Tony gave a much more enthusiastic greeting, as he looked up from the book that now laid forgotten in his lap.
Getting back into the truck, Sam gives him a concerned look as he drives up to the mansion.
Nodding in agreement with Natasha, Tony claps a hand onto Bruce’s shoulder and grins, “I will take care of it ok? I’ll to the guys and we will figure out an action plan ok?”
Keeping Tony close, the last of the dead were dispatched by Natasha and Clint while he was helping Tony, they hurry back to the house where the others wait. Going through the backdoor he calls out in warning to let he guys upstairs know its them.
“Not even a footprint. We checked any and all buildings we thought Bucky may of taken shelter in. Nothing.”
“Ooh, jackpot! I’m leaving this door here open a bit so that we can find it later!” Clint also uses his knife to make a mark on the door to make easy to identify later.
“Come on James! Jump!”
He just had to.
“God bless you Punk…” folding the note he stuffs it into his pocket and handed the food and water to Wade. “Help me bring that upstairs, we need to secure the house before nightfall. Then we can finally eat and rest.”
So much editing for ths chapter, i hope this pleases people! Just a quick note though, i used UK medical knowledge such as making a science joke partaining to paracetamol. It’s our main pain killer that you can buy in pretty much any store. I think its the equivalent to Advil in US? Correct me American readers! Anyways enjoy!
Bruce and Clint had taken Wade into a separate room away from Tony and Peter, just-in-case, Wade turned. They didn’t want Peter to have to see that.
“I’m sorry…” quickly, so to not allow his mind to hesitate, Tony shoves a knife into her head. Destroying the brain and ending her misery. Giving her her final death. Carefully, he wipes off the knife on the edge of her dress and rightens the wheelchair to place her in. Wheeling her into the hall, so that on their last sweep on the way out they can easily remove the bodies.
Lungs burning, legs aching with the amount of strain he’s putting on his over tired; under fed body Clint pushes on. Ignoring his bodies cries for rest.
With a yell, Tony lashes out at a Deado that came toward him- cutting its head in half. He had no patience to be considerate. He just wanted to get into the car. Sliding along the Bonnet of the car, Tony lands on his feet on the other side and climbs into the car. Wade is wedged between the front seats, a butterfly knife in one hand that he was given for self-defence. The hand was stuck making it obvious why he couldn’t kill the Deado.
Grabbing a tool kit by his arm chair, Tony moves over towards Bucky and motions him to budge up. He sits on the side with the metal arm and gestures for him to let him have a look. “I found my better tools, should be able to fix those twitches your still getting and clean it up.” Clearly surprised, Bucky hesitantly nods.
“Or if you get taken by surprise somehow, shout and we will come running in a second.”
Steve and Bucky were barely able to contain themselves as they waited for the final verdict, Tony was writing random equations out on small bits of paper as he talked to his son. Trying to redirect his own nervous energy as well as Peter’s, to prevent either of them from just running up the stairs. Neither were any good at waiting, and today was no exception, the only thing really keeping them in place was the threat of Bruce’s disappointed glare.
Tony could feel his throat closeups bit, dry suddenly. He had a sudden overwhelming need to dunk his head in a bucket of water or bury his face in a pillow. Anything to cover just how much this was all affecting him.
“Hush, we heard something outside, Bruce has a hold of Peter, can you quickly close up Buck’s arm? We may have to fight” Nodding silently, Tony manages to put a wire he was inspecting for damage back into it’s place and closes the arm up. Silently they all get up moving to the doorway for their shoes, slipping Peter his coat in case. Natasha and Clint come back, sneaking in the near pitch black.
“That Jack Frost Is a flashing bouncy ball “ Smirking, Tony herds the kids downstairs, Wade is carrying the dog that seems happy to go along.
“Sam. Sam Wilson.” Appearing unaffected, Sam looks back calmly.
Well, that certainly was a good argument for allowing the new group to join Tony had to admit.
Upstairs, Clint and Natasha split to go to take over for Bruce and Sam. And to test the showers.
“My pleasure, seriously Cap, that shower is amazing.” Grinning Tony sets to work on the arm, “once you’re all clean we can all just cuddle for a while.” Tony paused a moment to glance at Steve, “I haven’t heard any news from about Wade so I’m guessing everything is still ok that area?”
Again, they all worked together to get everyone inside, Loki and Bucky coming out to help as they had been watching through the windows, awaiting their arrival. Once inside, everyone seemed to let out a collective sigh of relief, no longer a moving target out in the open.
“When is a good time Tony?” chuckling playfully to try and ease the tension, Steve shuffles closer. “I don’t think any moment will be a ‘good’ moment really.”
Groaning as he rolls his head from side to side to try and reduce the ache in his neck, Clint scowled up at Steve who stood in front of him, arms crossed over his chest as he looks back at Clint patiently.
Moving fast but quietly they made their way through fast, checking rooms as they go. Many were useless to them apart from the occasional computer or fan in the offices. They decided to come back for those once they were sure they could carry them without threat of being mauled alive.
“That’s pretty! Good find Petey” beaming, Peter adds it to his hand, some cards the wrong at round an some on the verge of falling out of his hand altogether.
“We were called the X-Men before, a mutant group set to protect mankind.”
“Guys, I have the urge to sneeze, the dust..” hissing quietly Tony warned the other two. However, before they could reply, Tony started sneezing. He’s nota quiet sneezer either, oh no. These were full on loud obnoxious sneezes.
“We need to make that run into town sooner rather than later then. If any machines are salvageable, we want to be the ones to get them.”
“Come on Doll lets move you and munchkin to a bed to sleep properly, you’ll hurt your back sleeping there,” Smiling warmly, Bucky strokes some of Tony’s now longer curls away from his eyes. The strands have started to self-clean after so long of not being able to properly shower. Groaning Tony forced himself to stand once Steve picked up Peter.
“I hope so kiddo,  hope so. Would be annoying if they had gone the other way”
Tony had insisted that they bury any bodies out back with dignity. Surprisingly everyone had easily agreed with him. Now looking at this elderly lady, he’s glad he had insisted on burial. The poor women wouldn’t have stood a chance when this all started. She deserved to be given a decent ending.
Well when put like that Tony had to grudgingly admit the star spangled an had a point. Sighing resignedly Tony sat forwards, leaning his elbows on the table, his hands laced under his chin as he looks at the two before him. “You’re right. My god I actually said that? We should get this out of the way. Better sooner than later.”
They both shampooed their hair twice to get it feeling clean again, each helping the other, playful teasing between them as Tony leant his forehead on Bucky’s chest. Eyes closed as Bucky’ magic fingers worked out knots in Tony’s hair.
Allowing himself to smile more at the Doms across from him, Tony could feel his factored heart heal just a bit more right then.
Taking a slightly longer way around to the main town centre, hoping to loose whoever was maybe watching/following them as they take many seemingly random roads.
“Trust me doll, we have talked about it between us before. Steve made it clear early on before we decided to give it a try that he still like you. And to tell you the truth sugar, I was fairly gone on you as well ack then. How cute you looked in oil stained vest tops after a night of working. The way your nose scrunches when confused. Just damn doll!”
“I’m sorry Tony,” Steve fidgeted in his seat as he looked at his old friend, “I wish I had any good news to give. Have you heard from Rhodey?” a pause before Tony shook his head no slowly.
Getting out of the truck, Clint hefts a rifle into position; his bow slung across his back that he wants to use only really for stealth moments. Making his way to the other side of the camper van to keep watch for Steve, it was a blind spot that needed covering. They couldn’t afford to get careless now. The time passes silently and slowly with only the sounds of Steve searching the camper to be heard.
“WOO!” pumping his fist excitedly, Clint tears into his candy and gives out a dirty moan of pleasure. “Better than any partner I’ve ever had!” That statement was met with everyone exclaiming their disgust at him, Bruce even going as far as to throw his water bottle (empty) at his head.
Bucky takes up talking again as he takes a seat by Tony’s side, pressed tightly against him to offer comfort.
“Daddy, can I come with you outside today?” talking quietly, Tony smiles at his son. Peter had just woken up not to long ago forcing Tony himself to get out of bed. Munching on some eggs they still have, Tony nursing the coffee cradled in his hands; soon it will all be gone.  Joining them from one last sweep around the house, Bucky sits opposite the father and son accepting a cup of coffee for himself. Just barely holding in a moan at the taste.
“No.” Steve cut n, growling at Loki, not being able to help his knee jerk reaction to wanting to keep Tony away from danger as best as he can. Huffing with annoyance, Loki sends him a withering glare.
“Tell me everything you know, this group is going regret taking Steve from us once I’m done with them”
“Well, it turns out I was fertile at the time, Steve...Peter is your son”
“Tony can go, you need to rest after the last few days of watching over Wade. Me and Clint have been up all night so us going would be risky as well.” Natasha cut in, her tone like steel as she levels Bruce a look, she disliked it when Bruce neglected to care for himself at times. However, Tony could see the signs of exhaustion from the nights being up and stressing over Wade and having to be constantly on edge. She and Clint had taken most of the shifts, alternating with Sam and Bruce to minimise the contact between Wade and Peter and the possibility of the virus being carried over.
Angling his body to face her properly, Logan looks down at her as he crosses his arms, hardly impressed with her posturing.
What the world was like
“Perhaps if they got equipment in the early stages of all this to handle local cases, most local centres where given extra equipment to try and give them a chance to find a cure or at least keep the spread minimum. So if this place managed to get some before it was to late, they would have pretty much all the equipment we would need.”
“…We?”
“Here, a few things I made up for a few of us to carry, a few chemical bombs that will have enough of an oomph to blow up one, maybe two Deado’s if you’re lucky.” Tony hands over the bombs to them, the vials won’t be reactive until the chemicals inside are mixed by pressing a button. These had taken him a while to fiddle with considering the environment he’s had to work in. For these, he had made sure the kid were out of the room before making.
Sighing heavily, Clint nods and grumbles as he gets up to stretch, raising his hands high into the air to crack his back.
Sat on the patio slabs though, Tony is reading to the boys an old book they had found in the sunroom, remnants of food set down around them as the two kids with a snoozing puppy listens contently to Tony. Despite working a bit away from the cosy trio, The Dom’s themselves were listening in with half an ear to the pirate story; Treasure Planet.
“Thank god the help arrived when it did,” he shoots at a few that he sees running away, urging them to keep going incase they were planning on stopping to keep fighting. The fight was only brief but it was enough to shock them into all remembering that its not just the dead they have to fear. This time they were lucky help arrived.
However, they could hazard a guess that the attacking group has possibly got access to labs, as Colossus explained how that before the attackers would only go for the easier ones to kidnap. Using devices they had never seen before to restrain or capture. Stronger ones that could pose to be to dangerous to approach where left alone. Until now.
They weren’t sure how long they stood there like this, soaking in the warmth of the other. Enjoying each other’s company when they heard the bedroom door swing open. Jolting apart, they could hear Steve’s amused tone drifting over the spray of water. They could also hear Peter’s non-stop excitable chatter it wasn’t long till a knock on the door came.
“Yeah, it looks like he may be back, that lightning was to concentrated to be natural. I think in the least we need to check it out?”
“Um..we have another problem” Sam pips up from the sofa again, “my truck won’t hold half the group, the back isn’t secure for people to sit in if we get swarmed”
Run through the woods
