“Of course I do,” Castiel replies seriously. “It was very brave what you did, standing up for Garth, but I was worried about you.” He brings his thumb to Dean’s lower lip, humming softly as Dean’s breath hitches. “Afterwards I healed your lip, just like this. Remember? I wanted very badly to kiss you.”
He amplifies his hearing again so he can listen in on the two lay magicians. Should he drop the illusions and let them know he's here?
—and it's all he can do not to let Claire catch his excitement and keep her awake. Eventually he successfully tucks her back into her bed and creeps out of the room.
“Aye,” Bobby replied with a nod. “They were looking into the recent disappearances about the city, and it seems they both got a little too close to the truth, Perhaps Johnston, too. None of them sent me any reports.” He looked between Dean and Castiel, his face grave. “Find out what the matter is, gentlemen. And watch your backs.”
The words are like a punch to the stomach and Dean looks down. He takes a deep breath and gathers his strength, staring Castiel down, noticing the rise of his professor’s chest and the slight shake of his hand.
They both give embarrassed laughs, and Dean wonders how he’s managed to turn into a blushing teen in front of this guy.
"That's right," Castiel continues. "Elemental magic is so much safer. Why should it be limited to qualified mages?" He stops to take a breath, taking in the open look on Dean's face. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean for this to turn into a lecture."
The Croat edges into view, a gun in its hand. That’s new—Croats generally throw weapons aside once they’re so far gone they attack anything in sight, but this guy is obviously still mostly coherent, holding the gun up and towards where Dean and Sam are hiding.
“Definitely the latter,” Dean says with a smile. Cas is wearing his standard getup, though the cuffed sleeves are rolled to the elbow, his backwards tie loosened. “You know you wear your tie backwards, right?”
Then he teleports to the only place he feels safe. His hands are gripping the steering wheel of his Impala instantly, eyes heavy with unshed tears the moment he’s alone. He pulls the keys from his pocket and starts the engine, looking into the rearview mirror warily. All he wants now is miles of empty highway.
“So,” Sam said, smirking at his tea leaves, “Victim number twenty-seven, now. That’s a lot of bodies.”
Dean tries a different tack. “Cas, I don’t want you to get hurt. We’ve already fucked up your life by coming here.” Cas had turned his head a little, obviously listening. “We’re planning to leave tomorrow to draw Azazel off. Sam’s still keen to go find Dad, and I promised him.” He steps a little closer. “Come with us, Cas. I wouldn’t feel right just leaving you behind alone.”
Castiel sighs. He’s not wrong there. The sooner they get past graduation and done with whatever plan Crowley and Anna are cooking up, the faster they can get away from these people and back to normal.
another professor enters the classroom. Gray hair balding on the top, wearing a stiff suit and silver tie, Zachariah Adler has a sneer already embedded on his unfriendly face.
“Duh.” Dean chuckles a little and Castiel follows suit. “I tried not to, because we haven’t been dating that long, but I’ve wanted you since the moment I saw you. And I knew I might fall for you when—”
Dean could have sworn he saw an odd glint in his father’s eyes as he turned on him. “Dean? Take him to the watch house.”
Dean curses under his breath as he sees the broken casing of the clock lying on the hearth, the golden hands bent at odd angles.
“We shan’t be underfoot much longer, at least,” Charlie was saying when Dean looked back up. “My aunt and I must meet some ladies at The Assembly Rooms this afternoon.”
He carefully takes the pen away from her, but she’s not impressed with that either, letting out a cry that has everyone, including Dr. Winchester, turning to look in Claire’s direction. “Sorry,” Cas mutters, wincing, and Dr. Winchester continues his lecture with only a little smile.
Small smiles were exchanged, and something in Dean’s chest settled. He really hadn’t made a fool of himself, he decided. Or at least, not as much as he worried.
“Yeah,” Dean grumbles, feeling stiff and achy, as if he’s been lifting weights for hours. “What the hell was that?”
Dean nodded, ducking his head and hoping Benny didn’t catch him blushing. Benny was the only one apart from Sam who still knew about any of this.
Dean was definitely on the same page. There was a time for subtlety and protecting the populace from uncomfortable truths—but this surely wasn’t it. Fingers flying to his chest buttons, Dean began to pull off his jacket as the roaring grew louder, beginning to drown out the concerned cries of the partygoers.
“Is this the future, or are you looking back, or—?” He hopes she’s not going to see much more, because what often comes after kissing is between him and whatever hook-up Patience is seeing here.
“Hey Ruby,” Dean says lightly, taking large steps and inserting himself into their conversation. “You showin’ my brother here how to use the water fountain without getting his hair wet? If it grows out any longer, he’ll have to pull it in a ponytail.”
“Whatcha doing for Thanksgiving, Cas?” He sets his hands back on-task, inflating a folded diamond napkin with sudden air. “We all get together at Bobby’s, y’know, and always make extra. You oughta come.”
The house is quiet as he gets up and dressed, picking through his closet to find something nicer than his usual worn-out t-shirt and sweats. What of it? Nothing wrong with dressing nicely for company, is there? He frowns as he unsuccessfully tries to flatten his hair. It will need to be cut sooner or later, but is there really any point?
Ion gave a slight flinch, glancing towards the window. The afternoon carried on outside, a cool breeze carrying in mild birdsong.
Balthazar’s voice dulled into the background as Dean turned their conversation over in his mind. Yes, the dancing would be wonderful—but Becky Rosen. She had insisted that this was the place to be, at midsummer specifically?
Castiel reaches his hand around, gripping Dean firmly by the neck. Somehow, that’s what does it—feeling so held down, so at Cas’ mercy, makes an eruption of white hot come sputter from the tip of Dean’s dick. He’s still crying out when he feels Castiel shout out a guttural noise, a frantic scramble for completion, and then his hole feels wet and dripping. Castiel falls against his back like a weight clamoring to the floor, and Dean clenches until his hole tightens around Cas’ over-sensitive cock. Dean moans at the intrusion, feeling truly and ecstatically stuffed full. Eventually Castiel’s dick softens and slips out and Dean rises to his elbows. Between the ever-present rain and the come slippery inside his hole, he’s not sure he’s ever felt more wet, dirty, and used in his life.
Dean sighs. Once Charlie gets invested in a mission, it’s almost impossible to slow her roll. He'd rather she kept safely out of this, but he has a feeling they're gonna need her skills to get this ritual done.
He glances at Cas’ face to make sure he’s okay with this, then says gently, “You left someone behind in Illinois, didn’t you?”
Baring her teeth, she hissed, “Men of Letters? Didn’t I already deal with you and your ilk?” A force slammed into Castiel, sending him crashing to the floor and skidding along the chalk like a leaf in the wind. He felt as though he’d been back and forth across this ballroom so many times, he might as well still be dancing a quadrille.
Singer took a deep breath and let it out again, as though weighing his next words. "Demons…are bad news. But we'll need more information. Alfie called on a Mister Henriksen in Covent Garden, so you can start there. I’m sure you’ve heard of him at least, Dean, the man hosts frequently. I've arranged an invitation for you both to a card party being held there this evening."
“If that means accepting Crowley's help, and giving up the one thing that can banish him from our kingdom, then…”
. Dean shuffles his head back and forth, indirectly rubbing against Castiel’s groin as his hand moves towards the elastic band of Cas’ sweatpants.
“I’m glad you did,” Castiel says, reaching over to squeeze’s Anna hand. “You’re welcome here anytime.”
dirty talk, Dean, that was a promise,” Castiel says, hands alternating between the curve of Dean’s back and his hips. The head of his cock breaches Dean’s entrance as Dean hisses from the mixture of pain and pleasure. Castiel enters him slowly, so cautious that Dean whimpers at one point. But finally, fucking finally, he begins to move. They’re both already so turned on and on-edge that they cry out with each thrust, the pace Castiel sets brutal as his cock slips in and out, in and out. He’s so forceful that Dean scrambles to hold onto the desk, his face turned to the side and staring at Cas’ framed PhD diploma on the wall as he gets fucked within an inch of life.
He’d done plenty of business with John Phipps, the baker. His daughter seemed a pretty, hardworking sort of girl. He’d certainly have no problem with Alfie taking a shine to her.
The thought startles him, his breathing suddenly uneven. Shit, they’ve only been dating a few weeks, he can’t be…he couldn’t have already fallen…
“It’s very clever, Jo.” The vodka is sending warmth all the way down his chest and into his stomach, calming him somewhat, and for that he is grateful. There’s still no sign of Dean, though, and now he’s curious about the other two shots.
Around ten-thirty he decides to brew a small pot of coffee, and he figures he’s had a long enough break from his phone that he can catch up on his messages, right? Taking short breaks in the middle of studying is good…it’s science or some shit. His meager justifications fade away when he sees he has a text and a missed call from Cas.
Dean lies back on the grass, scratching at the several-day stubble on his chin. Squinting up at the branches overhead, he's glad for the shade. At least they hadn’t had to run in the middle of winter or anything, but the late summer heat has still been harsh when they haven’t been able to find proper shelter.
The man nodded, the light of hope in his eyes. “Thank you, sir. I hope so as well. It’s so quiet around here without the boys—most drama we manage is the occasional fae light in the woods behind the church, ‘ere.”
Dean shuts the front door with a dazed slam. “Uh, he…you…” He pinches the bridge of his nose, trying to think straight, because what the absolute hell is happening? “You and Cas had phone sex?”
“Balthazar said that she insisted that this was the best place for midsummer,” Dean explained, trying to ignore the way his throat dried out as Castiel’s fingers worked his buttons. This wasn’t the time for that. “Absolutely insisted, apparently, when Balthazar even thought of suggesting otherwise to Lady Donn.”
“It’s not much, but it’s enough for the two of us.” He hangs up the coat and gestures for Dean to continue down the hallway.
That asshole. Just because Dean hadn’t even meant to get this far doesn’t mean he's going to fuck up the second part of the exam. He and Castiel now have two days to practice drawing magic and casting together, before the final exam on Monday afternoon.
No, they can’t do this here. Castiel pulls his knee back, and gasps into Dean’s mouth, “Stop…If you keep doing that, things are...are gonna get a lot louder.”
Castiel hears Azazel’s sigh faintly on the wind. “Very well, I’ll come and take you by force, then.”
Castiel looks down at the suit, then back up, his face showing a hint of uncertainty. “They are adequate. Demons have no need for such fabric coverings—”
Cas visits the bathroom and gets dressed, and when he goes into the kitchen to see if there's anything to eat, he sees Dean-as-Felix curled up on the rug in a patch of sunlight. He smiles at the peaceful sight, until he remembers that Dean will be leaving, maybe even today. As much as he hates admitting it, it hasn't been that bad having someone else in the house. Maybe he could even get a real cat after Dean's gone, although the idea seems wrong. He frowns.
He scrubbed a hand over his surely disastrous hair and down his face with another groan. What the hell was he doing? Here they were, about to experience some kind of midsummer demon incursion, and all he could think about was Dean.
Castiel eyes the group of four or five magicians who have just come in. He can feel the magic playing about them—it's strong enough to make the magic in Dean's amulet pulse steadily under his shirt. When his eyes land on the person in front, he can't believe his eyes.
“Where’s Cas?” Dean asks as he’s forced to his knees in the dirt. A gust of wind picks up again, and a low rumble sounds somewhere off down the valley.
He was about to lean in and whisper to Castiel, propose some plan where one of them could approach the Lady and ask for a dance after their next, when Balthazar clapped his hands loudly for attention. Lady Donn made her way to the top of the dancers, commanding the room as she took a fresh glass of champagne wine from her hovering butler.
"You didn't say he was gonna be a mage," a young, bored-looking girl says, twirling her hair in her fingers.
Castiel shrugs. He tries to appear casual—he doesn’t really want to let Dean know just how much he’s thought about this topic over the months since they met, but he gives as honest an answer as he can. “I’d love to say that I don’t care, that people can think what they like. It’s not against the rules, but until I know what the faculty make of it we might have to be a little discreet around campus, at least.”
“Fishing,” Castiel replied, grateful for Michael's concern, but he doubted he had looked far. Their mother had been lost when Castiel and Gabriel had been just sprats, but Michael had been older, and their oldest sibling had taken it hard. He was usually cold and distant, now, usually preoccupied with the running of the kingdom rather than anything his siblings might be up to.
With a startling wail of despair, the man pitched forward, his arm out in a fist as he fixed his emotionless gaze on them.
“Oh no, I studied at Magdalene, and did a little teaching.” His eyes fell to the book Dean had been reading—
“Something like that,” he says grumpily, shoving his hands into his pockets. He turns his head back and forth, searching for a street sign. Huh, they’re only a few blocks away from Cas’ apartment. Maybe he can head there tonight, wake up warm and sated with his sleepy boyfriend tucked under his chin. “Where are we headed tonight? More canvassing?”
He unlocks his front door and walks inside, putting his umbrella down to shake it out and making the cat flinch at the shower of droplets. "Sorry, kitty," he mutters, moving further inside to put his laptop bag down on the coffee table
Castiel had perhaps a few split seconds to try to get the demon out of Dean and get him back on his side again. Opening the notebook, he flicked quickly through the dozen or so pages covered in Sam’s neat handwriting.
His scowl firmly in place, Castiel waited while a plank of timber was scavenged from a nearby alley to help with carrying the decaying body. Two of the bystanding men volunteered to carry it to the back of the carriage, so they could convey it back to Great Queen Street for examination. Castiel had also heard from Singer that the people of London knew the Lettersmen and trusted them to take care of matters that were a little out of the ordinary—and to make them go away without a fuss.
Dean perches on the edge of the desk, sipping his coffee. “You have no idea how much I’ve missed coffee,” he says, a serene smile on his face.
“Morning all,” he announces lightly, his students’ conversations trailing off. “As you can see, we have some company this morning. You should already know Doctor Novak and Doctor Adler. They’re two fine professors who have agreed to help me observe you all today. As we discussed last week, you’ll be pairing off in teams of two to attempt…what, exactly?”
Dean chided himself. Alright, so Castiel had shown some signs of being similarly attracted…but they were work colleagues. It was getting more difficult as time went on, perhaps, but Dean knew he
“Uh, not to be weird, but—” Dean spins around on his heels, looking for the doorway he came through. It’s vanished behind him, as he expected it to, but it’s still a little startling. “Where the hell are we?”
Of course, danger is still out there, and he knows he needs to remember that. The thought of Azazel coming to shatter this illusion of safety settles on him like a heavy weight. This is all his fault, and whatever comes tomorrow will have been brought here directly by him and Sam.
“Don’t you go to Stanford?” Neil asks him suddenly, the rest of the group growing quiet. It’s obvious that he’s the only one here who’s a mage, not a magician, and Dean can feel the tension rolling off him in waves.
They haven’t undressed each other, not like this, and Dean pulls them to their feet. Cas seems pliant enough, arms high as Dean slips his shirt off and over his head. Next, his jeans—which Dean unbuttons deliberately, dragging down the teeth of the zipper excruciatingly slow.
With a sinking feeling in his stomach, Castiel took in the offering. There was no mistaking this—Hannah was trying to court him. Castiel took a breath, not sure how he was going to decline.
, he mentally added. He offered his elbow to Charlie, motioning to the path ahead of them again. “Shall we?” he asked, and she fell back into step beside him.
“We must press on before more are possessed,” he said to Becky, stepping resolutely back towards Lady Donn and away from Dean, now pacing behind his fiery prison. Castiel wondered briefly why the demon didn’t just ditch Dean as a vessel and fly away from the flames, but shook his head and focused on the task ahead. How were they going to get past all these demons?
As the carriage rounded the corner into Clarence St and he could see the Tea Room was still standing in their row, Castiel let out a sigh of relief, which set him off coughing. He and Dean alighted from the carriage and walked up to the open front door, only to be greeted by Sam, covered head to toe in soot and ash.
Dean pulls himself back up to his full height. He eyes Cas’ mouth, licks his lips, and flutters his eyelashes. “No idea what you mean.”
Dean swallows down a snide remark, Castiel glancing at him worriedly over Adler’s shoulder. He nods and flattens his palm, Adler lowering his to the bottom, as they transition from flat position, to fists with pointer finger raised, to crossed like an X. It’s clumsy and awkward casting with Adler, and Dean hates every minute of it, hates how fast Adler casts without paying attention to Dean’s own pace, hates the dark look in his eye, hates the distasteful sensation of their magic combining. The marble between them barely lifts off the ground, tilting to the left and right before raising half a centimeter and falling down again.
Dean filled his neat porcelain plate with grapes and hothouse plums and accepted a small cup of warm chocolate as it was offered. Lady Donn was sparing no expense for her guests.
"Excuse me, it was either let him go or be attacked by a Croat, so I think I made the right decision." Castiel bristles at the suggestion that he'd just let the guy go. "He was saying something about curing the virus, that you two were the key to it, or something?"
They couldn’t walk far without Cas needing to rest his feet for a while. Dean noticed him trying to push on through his pain on more than one occasion, and found somewhere to sit for a few minutes, but as they rambled on through town and into the gardens at the end of Main Street, at every turn, Cas spied something new that he would hurry over to look at, or bend down to examine. Leaf buds on trees, prickly evergreen holly bushes, bulbs pushing their way up through the flowerbeds—Cas noticed things Dean had forgotten were even in this park. The late May sunshine was bright, and Cas turned his face upwards every now and then, closing his eyes in the warmth—at least until a bird sang somewhere and he turned his head quickly to find it, as attentive as Riot usually was.
Castiel followed him over to a comfortable settee near an open fireplace and gratefully accepted a new glass of sherry.
Dean gazes into his eyes again for a few moments, before he says, “You gonna tell me what’s up now?”
“Very fortunate,” she agreed, her eyes dropping to Dean’s chest, then flicking back up to his face. “You’ll get back out there again, though,” she added, glancing at Bobby before she covered her mouth in a slight cough. “Bobby, would you be a dear and get me a glass of water?”
Castiel continued, his gaze towards the fireplace. “I thought I was over you, that I’d moved past my childish feelings, but…I returned and you were still the same. Even more beautiful than I remembered, and yet still, you…you preferred the company of loose women.”
"Have you heard of the concept of magical affinity?" he asks, running his fingers over the spines as he looks for a particular volume.
, aren’t they? But in this world, he’s one of the queen’s honored bodyguards—hardly a servant, is he?
“A few hours,” Castiel says, wincing as he stands, then adds, “maybe a few days. It’s likely meant to impede intruders long enough that they won’t try to enter the well anytime soon.”
Castiel swam from each broken wreck to the next, looking for Dean’s ship until he saw the figurehead—the leaping, horned creature pointing upwards towards the surface. The rest of the fishing boat lay broken, with the forward section mostly buried in the sand. The rear, flat section the humans stood on seemed mostly intact and sat with a slight list, but the upright mast that held the now-tangled sails lay broken and jagged in the sand.
Castiel was nodding alongside him. “A diversion, then, as soon as we get to the other side of the room. Mister Winchester and I will surround ourselves with the oil, and begin the prayer.”
“That’s Dean’s brother,” Inias says, looking back to Crowley with a pathetic, desperate-to-please look on his face.
Cas opened and closed his mouth a few times, then tried a different approach. “Dean, no. Amelia bad!”
“‘Bout time, bitch,” Winchester said, moving forward to clap a hand to the man’s shoulder, who winced.
When they break apart, Cas is a little breathless, chest panting. “Okay then,” he says, smiling shyly. “What shall we do now?”
specializing in Magical Mediation and Information Technology, after all, so if anyone could alter the footage it would be her. She holds both cameras in her hands, flipping them around in her palm.
Dean had been shocked at how quickly Cas had dropped off in Dean’s arms last night—he really must have been exhausted. It would never stop amazing Dean how just touching another person could bring such comfort, and he resolves to help Cas in this way as much as he’d let him before it’s time to leave.
He looks at Castiel, nudges his shoulder, and says, “We stay in Palo Alto, we help people, and we get to give Stanford the middle finger?” He turns to Anna and nods. “I’m in.”
Dean nodded, more confused than he’d been when he first walked out here. Was he still dreaming? Why was no one making sense today?
The first time they’d attempted to touch the Seal warding, they’d both been blasted back into the library. Admittedly they’d been making out at the time, but subsequent tries had also proved that the warding was strong, no matter how many attempts to unlock it. They've based Dean's entire study of the Well on the little they could sense through the structure of the wards, and it had seemed to be different each time.
Castiel just stares at him, head tilted slightly up and beaming, as if Dean just said his eyes had won the Nobel Peace Prize. Fuck, that stare… Just like that, Dean can barely breathe, lost in that incredible gaze. It feels like every moment between them lately—even ones that begin fun or flirty—delve into romantic territory way more quickly than Dean expects. He can’t risk blurting out how insanely into Cas he is, not without scaring his brand-new boyfriend away on their very first day of dating. So chuckles uncomfortably, trying to diffuse the moment. “Weirdo. Don’t look at me like that.”
She gestures to members of her coven, barking out commands. “Anael, come with me. Uriel, guard this door. The rest of you, please head back up to the library and watch for trouble.”
After what seems like a long, uncomfortable minute, Castiel can’t bear it any longer. “Look, I’m not really sure what I’m doing here. Dean said you might have answers for me, so if you could just tell me what last night was all about, I’ll leave you guys to it.”
This time as they undress, trading soft kisses as they go, their magic pushes and pulls gently. Dean knows something is different now, but isn’t sure what it is until he leaves Cas’ lips to nuzzle at his neck instead—as he inhales he notices Cas’ thunderstorm scent is different, muted. His own magic isn’t surging to fill him. Castiel isn’t trying to feed on him anymore.
“Good luck tryin’ to kick me out,” Benny grumbles good-naturedly. He’s been back in Palo Alto for only two days, but already Dean remembers why they were such close friends. Even though Benny hadn’t been accepted into Stanford, he had developed his skills as a lay magician with an awe-inducing sort of dedication. They’d met a few years back, when Dean was just an undergraduate and Benny was buying some potion ingredients from Bobby’s magic shop. The rest, they say, is history.
He looks around at the people beside him—Anael, Neil, Benjamin, Rachel. Everyone waiting for the Captain to return, and even though he’s not exactly feeling sober, he doesn’t think it’d be a great idea to call Cas in the middle of all this. But he misses Cas, misses him something awful, so he pulls up his text messages.
“I’m not one to gamble,” Castiel said thinly—though he looked, at least, somewhat less stiff than he usually did when disapproving of Dean’s hobbies. Perhaps there was hope yet for removing whatever stick was lodged up his otherwise gorgeous—
Crowley disappears after Dean and Charlie, and Rosco stands by the door, checking his phone and blocking the entrance. Castiel wonders how he can sneak past, whether it’s worth trying to find another unlocked door, when a car drives around the corner of the building and comes to a stop out the front of the library. He watches as Rosco opens the side door to drag someone out of the car—someone tall, with a long mop of hair and hands bound behind their back.
Castiel gave Dean one more quelling look, before turning back to Miss Hannah, who was regarding them each in turn, a frown upon her face.
“Yes, you two,” Bobby grumbled. “It’s a gentleman’s club, no reason for anyone else to go. This is your case, boys, so I expect you to solve it. And I’m surely not going to be suiting up and going.”
Winchester held up a hand, silencing him just as he heard a crunching sound a short distance away. It could only be a footstep, and he drew in a gasp as a figure appeared from behind a tall grave.
Dean opened it in the living room this time, since it was easier than trying to fit the box through his bedroom door. We had to work together to pull the thing out of there, but…
Dean turns to Castiel, whose face is slack, expression blank with irritation. “Gabriel, I’d appreciate if you didn’t refer to my relationship with Dean as ‘boinking.’”
Everyone laughs nervously, excitedly, except for Castiel. He’s still planted on the couch, looking pale.
Castiel nods. “There are some clothes in the closet there. I’m not sure I’ll have anything to fit your brother, but there should be something that’ll fit you.”
Castiel still moved carefully when he walked—he limped, holding onto dining chairs around to the opposite side of the table from where Dean was sitting.
The two of them fell back into their easy banter, trading stories about other evenings they’d been subjected to, and laughing at the absurdity of the beau monde. Castiel’s heart was still aching for what might have been, but at least it was lighter tonight than it had been in weeks.
“Who was it?” Dean rasps, frozen in bed. Castiel doesn’t stir, halfway to falling back asleep, and Dean shakes him gently. “Baby, who was it? Who died?”
Charlie and Dorothy add their mashed potatoes to the table, and the whole party starts loading their plates with food, chatting amiably as they eat. Castiel settles into a conversation with Charlie on his left side about her teaching load for the semester, while keeping half an ear on the conversation at the other end of the table.
Laughing, Castiel pushed gently at Dean’s shoulder, urging him to sit up as he said, “No doubt. I’d want you always, I’m certain. But Baby would be very unhappy with you, and you’d get sick of such treats eventually.”
when Castiel takes commanding steps through the threshold. Anna follows him, wearing the same clothes as earlier and looking just as frazzled. To Dean’s astonishment, behind her steps in Anael, Rachel, Hester, Neil, Zuriel, and Benjamin, until the hospital room is sufficiently crowded with magicians and mages alike.
“Becky Rosen,” Dean said quickly, fumbling with the buttons on his tailcoat, trying to remove it as swiftly as Phillip had somehow put it on.
He shakes out his hands, startled when sparks flick off his fingertips. His energy is all over the place—he can feel it building up on his skin like prickly heat.
Castiel throws him a withering look. “Lately, more and more demons are accepting the summons to Earth, but they are returning before they have enough Earth magic to meet our needs. The system is unbalanced, Dean. My people suffer because too much of our own magic is being taken.”
“Problem is, I don’t know how to create Crowley’s ‘road,’ for lack of a better term.” Castiel frowns, hand tucked under his chin. “The Seal spell now has two settings—Stanford or everyone—creating a third option might be tricky.”
When Castiel’s head finally raised after a few more taps—he was sitting in front of the tiny, dwindling fireplace that warmed the guest room, seeming lost in the embers—his expression was one of abject shock.
When Sam spoke, the several glasses of whiskey had colored his voice. “Shut up, Dean, you can’t deny there was a connection between you and Cas when you first met as well. I saw it.”
“Holy fuck,” he breathes, heart hammering in his chest, and he spins around on his heels until their chests collide. It takes him a solid five seconds to realize this is the
They both look back at him with wide looks—Anael appreciative, Krissy disgruntled. She glares at him before looking away, a deep sigh heaving off her chest.
Dean is only aware of his mouth hanging open when he notices the grin of the dark-haired girl standing further along behind the bar, her outrageous wink making him snap his mouth shut with a click of teeth.
Dean’s back collides with the floor, neck craning against a stack of books now tumbling down alongside him. Fuck, the impact of that shield charm Castiel cast really knocked them on their ass. It’s been a while since they’ve done anything experimental enough to be surprised by the magical impact, and Dean groans and twists his back, realizing belatedly that he’s fallen into Crowley’s old copy of
Dean’s eyes roam down the slightly open edges of the trench coat, the way it’s only barely covering what’s underneath and allowing a tantalizing slice of thigh to be visible. Maybe it's not just him who can be taken advantage of...perhaps he can distract the demon long enough for him to forget the ritual. It’s what incubi do, after all.
“Lady Bradbury, Mister Winchester,” he greeted them, dipping his head politely as he balanced the tray on the edge of the cloth. “Would you like some more tea? I have fresh biscuits, too, just out of the oven.”
“This is what?” Castiel asked shortly, pulling the items out of his satchel and adding them to the shelves. The hard object with spikes on the end went onto a shelf with other similar instruments, while a heavily corroded tube with odd markings on one end went onto another.
The Captain inhales sharply, evidently surprised by his upfront approach. “I don’t know, Dean. What I do know is, I’d like to know more about the layers of enchantments Stanford has in place to systematically oppress magic users they consider lower class. Magic users like me, and my friends, and hundreds of others.”
“Nice setup,” Dean comments with a grin as he climbs into the daybed, settling back against it with blankets over his legs. Cas passes him the bottle and he takes a hefty swig.
Dean felt as though he might float away. He smiled at Cas as he sat back up, grabbing the linen underskirt to clean up the mess on Dean's stomach.
He wasn’t late, but he hurried—his employer rarely called in the middle of the night (or perhaps this was early morning? Dean was beyond being able to tell) unless it was something truly worth getting out of bed for.
“How d’you do, Mister Campbell?” Castiel asked, taking Christian Campbell’s offered hand and suppressing a wince at the crushing grip. As the landlord of Well Walk, Castiel knew Campbell was at least partially responsible for the state the Tea Room had fallen into while his uncle had been unwell, but he could no more accuse him of such things than he could Lady Holmes for the letter.
"Gabriel, what're you—?" Castiel began, but Crowley interrupted, surging forward to grab Castiel and spin him back around.
Dean let his palm rest on the brass door handle of Bobby’s office for a moment, allowing the cool metal to chill his palm as he took a breath. Bobby—
Naomi spoke up as he swam away from her. “No, you’re not serious. You can’t do this! Just to keep this...this human safe?”
Turning his eyes back to the Cheltenham Post, with the Tea Room fresh in his mind, Dean’s eyes immediately jumped to the matching wording on the page:
He wasn’t the least bit disappointed that he’d gotten such a glorious eyeful of the lord’s dripping, muscled form as he rose from the water...but it did nothing but remind him that Castiel wasn’t his and did not want to be.
Dean snorted indelicately and adjusted his coat, running his white-gloved hands down the fabric and preening slightly.
Dean frowned, “He seems to have been mostly put out with me all evening. Since he got back from Paris, if I’m honest,” he said quietly, mostly to himself.
Dropping the leather bag that he carried, Dean exchanged merely a weighty look with Castiel as they both dove into it, retrieving their personal favorites. Dean had a pistol, an old sea-service flintlock that had been his father’s. The Men of Letters could provide him any weapon he desired, but this one was so familiar to his hands that he could load it in pitch black, and it brought him luck. Castiel, on the other hand, wielded a wicked looking, chunky dragon blunderbuss that intimidated as much as it injured. He’d never mentioned as much, but Dean could see the military fitting on the side that allowed it to bear a bayonet, and that was enough for him to be able to guess at its origins.
“We request that you scale back the use of Demonic magic, slow the rate of demons being pulled from Demonside.” As an interested murmur starts in the crowd gathered behind them, Castiel raises his voice slightly. “The Accord was always meant to be an equal give and take, for the benefit of all, but things have become unbalanced. We merely ask that you help us by bringing magic back into balance between the realms.”
“We all know the funniest Novak is your cousin, Duma,” Meg comments, inserting herself into the conversation. “Well, wait, maybe we don’t
“Dinner will be served in an hour, Sir,” the manservant said as he led Dean along a wide landing to the second floor. “Phillip, one of our footmen, has been selected by Lady Donn to serve you and your colleague as a valet. He will be with you shortly—I believe he is currently assisting Lord Milton, but I’m sure he’ll be right along.”
“Henry? I think that was Adam’s father’s name—my great-grandfather, I guess. How did you know that?”
He’d seen other boats, of course, above the fishing grounds, but the merfolk stayed well away if they saw any up on the surface. It’d be far too dangerous to check every new ship to see if Dean was there, wouldn’t it? He remembered Gabriel’s insistence that humans would kill him, but he wasn’t so sure.
None of the persons Dean and Castiel had acquainted themselves with at Balthazar’s had appeared even slightly suspicious, despite their digging. They had come to the conclusion, with Bobby, that it was best that they travel and stay in the company of Monsieur Roche and his patroness, in the hope that they might yet meet more people whom they could keep an eye on throughout midsummer’s eve. There were plenty of other Lettersmen, Bobby had pointed out, to patrol the streets of London. Balthazar was all they had in terms of a solid lead.
“Hanky panky?” asks a deep, unmistakable voice, and Dean feels his insides begin to do somersaults. He turns on his heels and Castiel is there, looking more casual than Dean has ever seen him—sporting tight and dark denim, a maroon zip-up hoodie, hair tousled with a casual sort of sexiness.
His second day of working at home with a restless cat had gone better than the first had. He'd tried to get some work done on Monday afternoon after Charlie had left, but his laptop kept restarting itself whenever he put fingers to keyboard, so he'd given up in disgust.
Castiel buzzes around his apartment, cleaning up the clutter from three anxious days at home. He’s nervous to see Dean after their adventures in the supply closet, especially since that had been mostly brought on by the frustration of the last few days. The memory of that encounter is still tingling in his veins, hours later.
"What is it?" he asks Dean, continuing to move his hand, grasping the threads of magic between his thumb and middle finger to maintain the spell. When he turns to look behind him, he sees a man standing there—or at least the impression of a man.
There's a murmur in the crowd, and he waits for calm before he continues. “In fact, it's best that you hear it from the man himself, the great Doctor Babbage." He steps back towards the huge portrait of Charles Babbage, founder of the school, on the wall behind him, turning away from the curious audience. Raising his hands, he draws a combination of the elements, as well as keeping lay magic simmering beneath his skin. Moving his fingers precisely the way he's been practicing for the last week or so, he layers the elemental illusion over the famous portrait, then calls forth the lay magic and projects a voice as he moves the elements in front of the picture, so it appears to speak. It had taken hours of practice with Meg to get it just right, and he'd been pretty happy with the result. He just hopes the amplified voice is loud enough to be heard at the back.
Dean snorts, a fleeting moment of lightness passing through him for the first time in days. A moment later they’re stopped by Lisa, explaining to Charlie that the computer lab is down, but Dean can’t concentrate on the conversation. He shivers as he feels Cas’ magic drawing him in. He’s moving before he can even excuse himself from Lisa or Charlie, following the tender feeling of longing that overwhelms his senses, and then…he’s four flights of stairs up. He has no idea where he’s going—he’s never spent much time on this floor, having never had classes scheduled up here—and he takes a sharp turn to the left. That’s when he spots Castiel at the end of the floor, walking forward.
“Trying,” Sam says, smiling, and Castiel nods his approval. “Though I hear my big brother’s the one causing the trouble lately.”
Before Cas could ask him what the matter was, Dean had pushed him against the brick wall, leaning in to run his lips across the stubble under Cas’ jaw. The sensation created a shiver down Cas’ back, a wholly unfamiliar reaction that he never knew his vessel was even capable of.
Thinking of his mother brings the lay magic to the surface, along with a tight resentment in his chest. It entices him to let his buzzing emotions out—he needs to be careful doing this, but it's quiet up here this afternoon, and he’s not expecting any more meetings today. Relaxing his guard slightly, he lets his frustration, his horror at the events of the day loose. He presses his thumb and two fingers together on his left hand, and as he rotates his wrist to inscribe a simple rune in the air, tiny ice crystals form inside the water globe like snowflakes. It's not easy to get the buzzing lay magic inside the elemental construct, but he's got a lot better at this with practice over the last few years so it doesn't tax him too much.
As he placed the buns in the basket, Ellen put a floury hand on his arm. “Just be careful out there today, okay? Jo ran into another wanderer last night, and brought him in out of the rain to sleep. There are more of them around, so just watch your back.”
What happens next is something that Anna knows she’ll spend years thinking about, seeing in her mind clear as day: the exact moment Castiel’s face changes from anxious fear to renewed determination. He kisses Dean’s forehead before turning to Anna, exhaling nervously, and nodding.
But those thoughts were melancholy—Dean pushed them away, focusing on Castiel’s plump lips wrapping around the fork instead.
“What I’m saying is—” Cas reaches down to take Dean’s hand, holding it gently. “—is that now you’re not my student any longer, if the offer still stands, I’d very much like to have more hot chocolate with you.”
"No, it was not." Dean stepped forward into Cas' space, watching as he inhaled sharply. This was risky, but he needed to make sure Cas knew of his feelings. No matter the outcome.
A clatter elsewhere in his apartment makes him sit up and look towards the door, where he can also hear some discordant humming and a sizzling noise.
happened just now in the kitchen? He closes the front door behind him, remembering the way Dean had looked at him, the way Cas had thought he was about to lean in and...
Dean dashed to the kitchen. Perhaps Alfie had not covered the cookfire, and it had spat out some sparks that had managed to reach beyond the fireplace screen?
"Sam? I've found water—here." Dean holds the bottle out. Sam cracks an eyelid but makes no move to take it, so Dean drops to a squat and takes the lid off for him. “Sammy, you gotta drink. We haven’t had any all night.” Sam’s panting, shallow breaths brush past his lips, and when Dean holds the back of his hand to Sam’s forehead, it burns. “Shit,” he mutters, holding the bottle up to Sam’s mouth, helping him gently to tilt his head back. “That’s the way.” He tips the water into Sam’s mouth and sighs with relief as he swallows.
Crowley shakes his head, his dress shoes making imprints into the soft ground. “The handsome one in your group, who happens to be bedding the professor on my payroll.”
demon-woman advanced slowly, far less rabid than her rotting counterparts, despite the cacophony of noises that she made.
Sam chuckles. "When he turned twenty-one, he was part of the coming of age ritual—where familiars change into their shifted form and head out into the world to find their witch. Sometimes their witch is close by, like it happened with me and Eileen. Other times…" He trails off, looking at Dean.
Dean glances at Cas, who has stepped forward to stand beside him, eyeing him nervously. He wonders if he should tell them that it was Cas who summoned himself, rather than any effort on Dean’s part, but for Cas’ sake, he keeps quiet. He looks back to Ms. Holmes, feeling like a fraud, as he replies, “Thank you, ma’am.”
When he straightened, the Prince Regent asked, “How d’you do, Milton?” He added solemnly, “Damned shame about Michael, what?”
While Dean has been home much of the day, Castiel had some work to get finished today, and he’d run to the store after he’d finished. He can hear Dean singing in the shower, so he mustn’t be too stressed about the day’s preparations. Castiel pads, naked, through the open bathroom door and bites his lip at the sight of Dean running his head under the shower, the water cascading over his hair and down his back as he hums to himself.
“So, say this was our last night on earth,” Dean says into Cas’ ear, trying to keep his voice light. Inside, though, he’s wondering if that just might be the case. “Is there anything that you…uh, want, that we’ve never…?”
“I know, sugar,” Missouri says gently as she pulls back to look at him, still grasping his arms, wincing as her demon uses its claws to grip her jeans, climbing up her body to perch on her shoulder. “I know how you felt about that exam. Didn’t you tell me yesterday that you wanted to fail it?”
Dean Winchester, his tall brother, and an older gentleman he assumed must be their father were standing with a group of others. The elder Mr Winchester was talking animatedly with the group, and as Castiel went to pass them, Dean looked up and met his eyes.
He exhales, his breath a gust of air against the cold, and tries to shake out his nerves. He doesn’t want Cas to spot him like this, all contemplative and worried, but when he straightens up and turns back around, he spots the familiar trench coat. The outline of the concealed door has faded, which means he must’ve been here for a minute or two, at least, just observing Dean. He tilts his head, biting his lower lip, looking curious.
The sky stretched above them as Castiel led Dean closer to the riverbank, streaked with pink clouds now that the sun was about to dip below the horizon. Castiel was surprised Dean hadn’t pulled his hand away, and the warmth between their palms seemed to be spreading up his arm and across his face. It was a strange feeling, almost as though he might float away into the evening sky.
They begin casting together, feeling the swirl of their combined magic around them. Dean waits until Castiel has drawn his lay magic manifestation spell before he moves his hands as well, keeping his eyes locked on Castiel’s. Casting together inside an illusion shouldn’t work as well as it is, but Dean carefully casts the spell to reveal the structure of the magic around them. Bright white and orange lines flare into being around them, and Dean tears his eyes away to gaze around them in wonder. Castiel can’t look away from Dean’s face—he’s enthralled, the high from the lay magic lost next to the thrill of his magic resonating with Dean’s. His anxiety melts away, and he's calm for the first time since they entered the library.
Dean looked across to Castiel, exchanging a look with him as Lady Donn continued her descriptions of her family’s fine old house near the town of Cheltenham, with its renowned spa waters and fine society. They had both clearly noticed the mention of midsummer's eve—for which they needed to be in London. Or did they? Perhaps they should be where so much of this pocket of society would be, as it was their main lead...that would be up to Bobby, Dean supposed.
Stiffly, Dean put his heels together and bent at the waist, hiding his expression from his father with a shallow bow as he said, “Very well, sir. I’ll prepare.”
Castiel steps back, putting his own back against the opposite shelf. “Dean, come on. You’ve got a lot of work to do, and I… I don’t want to distract you.” That’s a complete lie on Castiel’s part— he so very badly wants to distract Dean.
It made him feel like a bit of a gollumpus, actually. Yes, Castiel was stoic. A little aloof. But Dean knew, deep down, that his poor reception of Castiel had little to do with the man himself. And that wasn’t fair. But, Dean was also a prideful and petty man on occasion, and he couldn’t let go of his misgivings just yet. What he did allow was a little more truth.
Dean's use of his full name pulled Castiel up short, and he pulled back, looking at Dean in concern.
“You’ll work it out,” she says lightly, once Dean explains he doesn’t want to get into the particulars, not right now. “You and Cas are basically married, in a magical sense at least.”
"Oh, right," Dean says, looking down and grimacing. "Sorry, haven't quite got the hang of… I'll just…"
Castiel abruptly can’t stand their bickering. “Please…stop fighting. ‘M fine.” He tries to get to his feet, but only makes it halfway up before overbalancing.
“Dean!” Sam said, surprised. “I was about to head home. We didn’t expect you up and about until tomorrow, Castiel.”
“Oh, no,” Dean said, waving his gloved hand in front of him. He leaned in close to Castiel to speak quietly as well, his proximity doing funny things to Castiel’s stomach. “Queen Charlotte is the patroness of the Men of Letters. Bobby sends her briefing pages every day, or so I’ve been told. She was asking me about the case! Whether we had found any women of interest.”
“What is it, Cas?” he asked, hiding his nerves by lifting the glass to his mouth. The brandy slid down his throat, warming him even further than the flames.
Cas choked out a laugh, and Dean didn’t need to speak his language to know he was thinking something like,
“I understand you wanting to save your friend,” Donna begins with a sad lilt in her voice, “but what makes you think you can do what the professionals couldn’t?”
“Yes, we all did. He’s Alfie Johnston. Well, Alfred. A younger Lettersman. He was well liked around here.” Sadness passed across his face again, and he frowned. “There’s nothing in his pockets, I already checked.”
Castiel gets to his feet and stretches his back, making Dean bite his lip as he appreciates the guy’s long, lean form, his dark hair curling out from under the tattered straw hat. Another time, another place, this guy might be pressing all of Dean's tall, dark and handsome buttons, but it's probably not appropriate while he's a guest in his house.
Before Dean can even process what he’s seeing, another head whips around, Castiel’s blue eyes looking round and filled with pure incredulity. Dean staggers backwards, Anael’s hands falling from his chest.
“I can’t believe this is actually happening,” Dean whispers, chuckling breathlessly, unable to keep a grin from growing on his face. He’s still worried, still scared that pursuing things with Cas is going to end badly somehow, but the possibility of the good makes him more hopeful than anything else. “It’s sort of ridiculous how much I’ve wanted this.”
Anna continues, her voice low. "The Seal was cast using blood magic, which means it's tied to those who originally cast it—" her eyes flick to Dean, "—or their descendents."
“We didn’t get it, did we?” Cas asks, knowing the answer already as he turns to look at Dean—he’d felt the demon leave the man, and it wasn’t his doing.
Castiel pauses as he hears the crowd mutter and murmur behind him, and he realizes his hands are shaking with the effort to hold the illusion. The painting is larger than he remembers. He grits his teeth and keeps going. "I have always said that lay magic is the perfect companion to the elements—it adds a spark, a dazzle, but also an organic and intuitive sense of control."
Cas nods thoughtfully, then steps forward until he’s only a step away from Dean. “I want to make something clear… On our last day of class, when you asked me to come and have coffee? I...I have a policy of not accepting invitations from students. It happens to me now and then, and I do try to maintain my professionalism where I can.”
Dean centers himself and pulls his magic into his hands again. As he searches for the part of the Seal that controls the flow of magic, Castiel attempts to find some way to slow the movement of the spell. He should be able to draw some of the energy out of it—but as he pulls the energy and streams it down and away through his feet, he feels his grip on the spell slipping. There’s just too much of it, and it’s not slowing.
Castiel stood on the other side of the road, well back from the passing traffic. His eyes widened as he realized he’d been seen, then he smiled and nodded at Dean.
He needed to find out more about her, about where both she and Cas had come from, and whether they were really a pair of thieves. Bobby was expecting him, though. He’d have to go there, first.
His emotions are all over the damn place—he’s pissed off and rueful, sad and tense—but mostly he’s embarrassed by his own eagerness, his obvious infatuation with Dr. Novak and the subsequent dismissal he was given. The professor surely thinks Dean is a big freaking joke, and he burns with shame and humiliation when he imagines Castiel recounting the incident to his snooty professor friends.
, he thinks sourly as the small auditorium begins to fill up before his eyes. It is nice to see familiar faces, but there are also a bunch of randos, too—apparently the news of his subject matter has spread across campus. Dean sets up his materials on a podium, his panel’s rectangular table directly in front of him, the audience seated behind them. Castiel is one of the first to arrive, giving Dean a thousand-watt smile that he hopes to god he earns. The crowd is still pretty thin, so Castiel puts his hand in the curve of Dean’s back, the flow of soothing magic making Dean shiver.
“One of the few perks to being an untitled gent,” Dean said with an open grin. “I’ll never be more than ‘Mister Winchester,’ to anyone.”
Missouri nods from her position sitting behind her desk. "Castiel, good to see you. Please have a seat." She waves towards one of the chairs in front of her desk, but Castiel looks to where Adler is standing by the window, not wanting to sit while the guy looms over him.
It had been a long week, he reflected, stepping back from the body and checking the time on his watch, before replacing it in his pocket. He'd only been at Milton Hall for a week to mourn his brother before he'd been hurried off to London to take up his place in the House as Lord Milton. Not two days more had passed before he’d been brought into the fold of the Men of Letters, London branch, complete with a baffling induction from Robert Singer, featuring some balderdash about the “forces of darkness” and “creatures lurking in the shadows of society.”
In the smoky haze Dean couldn’t make out much, but the outline of the man darting to the little-used side door of the building was distinct.
It seems the news of Professor Moore's murder has reached the whole school. Castiel sits at a table with Hannah and shares the gossip. No one is really sure when he even went missing, or where his body was found—the whispers have spread and expanded over the morning already. All they know is, there are a lot more security guards around, as Castiel notices two near the cafe entrances. The torture and murder of the head of security is worrying to everyone.
"It’s okay, Cas," Dean says, slapping him lightly on the chest. "You're fine. It's just the kickback from the magical charge. You'll be fine in the morning."
He hasn’t had a reason to visit this theater in the months since he started at Stanford. Gazing around at the large room with its tall windows filled with colorful stained glass, he muses that only a magical university could have stained glass that produces its own glow so that the images depicted would be seen at all times.
“Oh no,” he replied with a surprised chuckle, tearing his eyes from Castiel and Miss Masters leaving the party. “We were close, once. I suppose time changes a man, is all.”
Missouri smiles at him, her always-calm presence soothing him. He’s only known her a few weeks, but he’s never seen her with anything other than a warm smile. “I just wanted to see how your meeting with Dean went.” She gazes at him with such intent, he has a feeling it won’t matter what he says in reply, she’s reading the real answer right off his soul.
Dean was quiet for a moment, his hand gripping Castiel’s coat tighter at the shoulder. It was too dark to make out his expression as he said, “You’re saying we can’t have this?”
She looks up, surprised but already smiling. “Sounds fun,” she says sweetly. “Glad to see your schedule opened up.”
“He doesn’t have to worry about me,” Krissy argues, some of her attitude softening. “And neither do you. So you can stop coming around here, thinking you’re going to convince me to come back.”
The creature had made the man preternaturally strong, it seemed, and whatever was left in him gave him no fear. He swung and bit and snarled, driving Dean back toward the wall.
Naomi hovered, blocking the light shining from above. Her voice was hard, but now tinged with something like regret. “I will keep your secret, for your sake, Castiel. But you must never go back to the surface, for the sake of the entire kingdom. Please.”
In the meantime, hope y'all are ready for some fluffy fall festival fun (#alliteration) because this chapter was so exciting to write.
“Just what in the great deep do you think you’re doing?” Castiel could barely hear his brother over the stormy sea, wind and rain. It was hard enough for Gabe to speak out of the water in the first place, but from where he sat, his tail bent in what looked like an uncomfortable angle on the sand, he was close enough for Castiel to hear how angry he was.
“Lady Donn,” he said, briefly taking her gloved hand as it was offered and bowing low over it. “I trust the setup of the entertainments are to your liking, tonight?”
“Fuck this,” Dean mumbles, slowing his run to a jog. He looks at them both, mouth set in a hard line, and says, “Don’t follow me.”
“No, no, don’t say it. I wasn’t trying to make you feel bad,” Dean interrupts desperately, pushing away for a moment to look in Castiel’s eyes. “I love the school. I love our family and our friends. I love our responsibilities, I really do, I just…” Dean bites his lip, tasting the rain. “Is it selfish to say I love you more?”
Once on firm ground, they walk awkwardly on their skates towards where they rented them. Castiel puts his hands in his coat pockets to find them deliciously warm again. “Dean, you’ve spelled my pockets again, haven’t you?”
Dean looks up to stare at him, chewing his bacon. He speaks around his mouthful. "You're a witch, Cas. Refusing ain't an option."
“Seen her a time or two,” Dean says dismissively, thinking it’s probably the pale woman with long, straight hair. He hasn’t seen her in a few months, but knows she’s a frequent customer. Still, he doesn’t really care who or why Bobby is working on a holiday—only irritated that he is.
He glanced at his pocket watch as he headed back to the kitchen. The biscuits would have to come out of the Dutch oven and set out to cool.
Dean pushes Cas away with a handful of the front of his coat and the top of his tie, suddenly breathing harder at how hot this is. “Cas, chill. I’m not about to get busy with an infernal or anything, am I?”
“Oh, stop it,” Charlie says, her tone exasperated. “You know we love you. We just want you to be happy, Dean, and I think you finally are, so stop being a baby and tell Sam.”
He glances at Dean to see him deep in concentration once again, his hands moving over the spell and following the movement. Maybe he could direct the energy towards Dean instead? He pushes his palms out towards Dean and the Seal slows suddenly, its movement now a lazy whirl instead of the chaotic dance of before.
, but Dean was pretty sure Cas didn’t want anything to do with her. He’d wanted the amulet, too—but he’d never asked for it. He’d told Dean to keep it safe, instead.
Dean feels frozen in place, jaw wound tight, still eyeing Castiel and Sam with a stunned sort of fury. But the Captain is right—they need to get this meeting over with, so Dean can drag his traitorous brother and boyfriend into the back alley and ask them what the hell is going on. He stuffs his hands in his pocket, finally breaking icy eye contact with Cas long enough to walk around the edge of the table. Anael sits beside Hester and Dean sits on her other side, at the end of the table and across from Ruby. He really can’t tell who he’s madder at right now, but he knows deep within his bones that he absolutely loathes Ruby. He balls his hands into fists, staring straight ahead at the wall.
Benny is still half-listening from where he sits at his desk, but he doesn’t react as Dean says, “I drove back from Sioux Falls today. Bobby wanted my help on a hunt up there.” He grimaces as he puts a hand to his ribs. “Things got a little hairy—took a little longer than he thought it would.” His eyes travel over Cas’ face. “You been okay?” He reaches out to take Cas’ hand, the skin-to-skin contact draining even more of Cas’ magical charge.
No, he would not capitulate. He’d fight for this place—he owed it to Balthazar, just as much as he did to Lady Bradbury and Mr Winchester, after their revelations about today. Those church folk would have to live and let live.
Back behind Castiel and Becky, the remaining non-possessed folk lingered. Some held makeshift weapons, while it appeared others had followed Balthazar’s example and fetched swords and other weaponry from the house’s impressive displayed arsenal. One elderly woman—Castiel thought her name was Lady Mildred—held a small battle axe gripped in her two hands, a fierce expression on her face.
With a spray of small pebbles and grass from beneath her hooves, Baby abruptly slowed. Other than a quick flick of her ears, she showed no particular irritation at having her run cut suddenly short; good manners Dean rewarded with another pat to her neck.
Stepping into the ring, he paced across one side of it, watching Dean as he went. Dean returned his gaze, then stepped forwards and put up his bare fists.
They set off to walk the two blocks to the bar where they’re due to meet Charlie, pulling their coats close in the cutting breeze blowing this evening.
Benny kept his eyes on the game as he murmured to Dean, “Sam did a fine job yesterday with the navigatin’.”
He trudges along the corridor, anxiety sitting low in his gut. Forcing in a deep breath to center himself, he places a hand over Dean's amulet tucked beneath his shirt and vest. He's been wearing it all week, and the thrum of Dean's magic pulsing in it has kept the gnawing sensation away when they've been apart.
The man pointed to the room next to Dean’s own, as they came upon the doorway. “He will be right next door, sir. Lord Milton asked the same thing—I assure you, we have given you both the best appointed rooms on the floor,” he said, sounding slightly put out.
“Mister Singer, Mister Winchester,” Castiel inclined his head behind Dean, giving his own much more proper greetings. “I trust you slept well.”
“Oh my God,” Castiel hissed desperately, apparently far past worrying about taking his Lord’s name in vain.
“I apologize for cutting out so quickly,” Castiel rumbled after a quiet moment, his eyes drifting across the street rather than meeting Dean’s. “I do, at least, have a small clue for us, perhaps.”
That is, until Dean had found a collection of candy bar wrappers scattered under Cas’ bed. He’d fumbled around under there until he’d pulled them out, stuffing the crinkly mess into their small trash can. He’d reached under again, snagging a plastic bag this time. This one was heavier—books, perhaps? He’d pulled out the standard opaque Target bag and opened it, then quickly took his hands off it and shuffled back from where it sat on the rug.
After dessert, Bobby, Ash, and Jo get up to gather the dishes, waving away other offers of help, since they'll probably just cast a charm to clean up, anyway. Sam and Ruby make some lame excuse to leave (or so Dean declares it, after they’ve gone), but the rest of them sit around the table, digesting. Dean brings out a bottle of whiskey from somewhere, and as the afternoon wears on, Ellen and Bobby sit up one end, talking quietly together, while the younger crowd sit up the other end, sharing their gossip.
“Is that what you took you so long?” Anael asks, leaned against the brick wall of an empty alleyway. She’s bundled up in a long suede coat with a yellow dress underneath, and she smirks at Dean as he shivers. “Couldn’t find your cute little leather jacket?”
“Charlie called, she’s almost here. She said Dorothy makes the best mashed potatoes on the west coast, and for you to be prepared to put on sweatpants afterwards.”
When Dean comes back this time, he drops his bike and comes to stand behind Sam’s. “I’ll give you a push, don’t worry.”
Gabriel was hovering beside him, only his eyes out of the water as he barely glanced at the boat, then he grabbed Castiel’s arm and dragged him back under the surface.
“Do not worry, Cas. I’ve sent Sam down there to check on the place. In fact, I hope he shall be back any moment with news. But no one was harmed, and as soon as you are back on your feet, we will go down to Cheltenham as well and see what’s what. You’re welcome to stay here as long as you need to.”
Dean’s mind is buzzing, stuffed so full of apprehension he can’t find room for anything else. It can’t be a coincidence, can it, the two of them sharing yet another dream? But this one didn’t unfold like they usually do—it didn’t feature a sexy rendezvous, for one thing. It felt grim and real and terrifying, and Dean’s blinded by the overwhelming fear that it was prophetic in some way. If the dream is right, someone they love just might die today.
Cas says quietly, "Yes, I think they went out that way—there's a door to the back of the club, I think." Dean turns, but before he can move, Cas grabs his arm above the elbow making him turn back. He asks urgently, "Dean, what are we gonna do to him?"
"Hey, bitch!" Charlie opens the door, smiling when she sees Cas. "Hey, you don't look like you're on death's door to me! What gives?"
Castiel nods slowly. They already knew about Henry's involvement in the spell—they even know about the structure of the blood magic, thanks to hours of research in the library basement. But for Anna to have this information—Dean hadn't even mentioned it in his thesis.
“Dean,” Castiel begins, his voice firm, “you could give this presentation with your eyes closed. You are incredibly bright, impressively resourceful, and very well-spoken. You are going to do so well.”
“Now I remember why we never got any work done at the library,” he says, a little shakily as Dean chuckles. As happy as Dean is to have graduated, he’ll miss the thrill of sneaking off with Cas to make out behind the shelves.
“The rest of the guests are going down now, Mister Winchester,” Phillip observed as he put the final brushing touches to Dean’s shoulders. “If you’d like to go join them.”
“Uh, the Well,” he says, rubbing at his head with one hand and gesturing to Novak and his fuckbuddy with the other. “Those two idiots broke the Seal so the bloody thing exploded. I honestly don’t know.”
coffee. 2) Print off copies of his outline for his presentation. 3) Explicate a century-old, super complicated, structural spellcasting design to a panel of professors who have the power to fail him, and ultimately, postpone his college graduation in two weeks.
“Okay, okay,” Castiel stops his tirade. They had to try to be constructive, or they’d end up in a brawl again. “So what do they do, this...coven? Apart from helping stray kids.”
It’s not the answer she’s expecting, but she smiles anyways, peering towards the screen until she reads the subject line and name of the sender. “Thesis stuff?” Dean only nods, pretending his heart isn’t pounding in a way that has little to do with the hot brunette sinking into his lap. “Can I tell you a secret?”
“Nothing happened! We had a nice dinner, I got an Uber home afterwards. But, today…” He trails off, trying to decide how much to tell her.
And then, with nothing but his heart to consider, Castiel could choose Dean freely. In a way, Dean thought, by showing up at St. Mary’s he already had.
Castiel has cast this spell many times now, but usually while Dean is casting something else. With him participating, lending his power to Castiel’s, the manifestation leaps into sight as soon as the initial cast is complete, a bright orange fire signature filling the air around them. Castiel opens his eyes and finds it almost difficult to look at, but then he sees that Dean is not looking at him any longer—he’s gazing down the hill to where the magical signature is flowing.
When Dean pushes his knees further up and out of the way, Castiel finds himself curious about how far Dean might be willing to go with him. How far might he go himself? He carefully reaches up and runs a finger along the line of Dean’s asscrack, as he also runs the flat of his tongue up the underside of his cock, now hard and leaking. Dean nearly convulses on the bed, before letting out a filthy moan and saying, “Yes, yes, please, Cas!”
Despite everything, Dean feels a small smile tug on the corners of his mouth. If Donna helps them save Charlie, he’ll buy her a fucking fruit basket every day for the rest of her life.
He doesn’t miss the way Dean’s eyes light up when he sees the bottle. “Oh, hell yes. You know how to treat a guy.”
“Obviously,” Dean agrees. So this guy does live alone. He looks after this huge farm all by himself? Had he come to live here after the previous residents had disappeared?
Chunks of dried grass flew out behind Dean as he let Baby have at it. One hand holding on to his hat, he clung on for the ride with the tails of his coat flapping behind him as they thundered over the hills toward Cheltenham, Baby’s sleek coat gleaming in the rising morning sun.
...they were shorter than his tail had been, but as brown now as the rest of his skin. He lifted one out of the water and watched, delighted, as he wiggled his toes. He had legs! Feet!
"C'm'ere," Bobby says, stepping forward to wrap her in a hug. "Come on," he adds, signing as he speaks. "Help me get some food together while we leave these boys to chit chat?"
The boss has just started replying to whatever Novak said. “Straight to business, Castiel. I like that about you.” He pauses for a moment, taking a sip of his drink, then continues. “I have a group of lay magicians who have come forward, each having expressed interest in honing their skills, gaining control. We’ve been practicing, building up stamina and focus, and the casting side of things is going well.”
“Yeah, well, keep it to yourself. Jo too—no blabbing, got it? Cas could get into trouble.” He’s not sure if that’s totally accurate, but Cas wants them to keep a low profile on-campus, so he’d rather err on the side of caution. Now that Ellen officially knows, though, he reckons everyone important in his life is up to speed. Bobby found out pretty quickly since Cas is always trekking through the magic shop to find Dean. Benny apparently got the news from Ash (who got it from Jo), and Dean told Charlie and Sam himself that day at breakfast. He wonders who all Cas has told. They only agreed to keep it a secret at Stanford, so he’s probably mentioned Dean to most of his family and friends by now.
Behind them, Sam cries out as Charlie stumbles on the uneven path, but he catches her by the arm with his uninjured hand. Dean moves his concerned expression from Castiel to Charlie. "You okay, Red?" he asks. “You were quiet in there.”
The likelihood of J being either Castiel or Alfie seemed very slim, though. Alfie seemed too young for a lot of the wisdom J carried, and as for Castiel…well, Dean almost hoped that it
Castiel’s face warms suddenly, as he wonders how he can put it into words. “I...felt you were nearby. Haven’t you noticed that our magic reacts to each other?”
The third time she drops it and he returns it to her, he recognizes the joyful twinkle in her eye. This is now a game. Completely having lost track of what Dr. Winchester had been saying about the assessment, he tucks the toy back into the bag and instead fetches a cardboard book with brightly colored animals on the front. He tries to refocus on what the professor is talking about.
Anna blinks, zoning out as Dean’s presentation progresses. She realizes with a sharp clarity that makes her stomach twist that she actually knows very little about magic. Not like Dean or Castiel or anyone else who graduates from Stanford seems to know it. The things she’s learned are all practical, hands-on, useful but crude. Even if she helps all lay magicians gain access to the Well, what would be the point without gaining an education along with all that power?
Dean treads over, his boots crunching over the cut stems littering the path. He sits down beside Castiel, removing his gloves and wiping the back of his hand across his forehead. He hisses a little as the salty sweat gets into the cuts on his arm. He chuckles. “Fuckin’ brambles, huh? Prickly sons of bitches.”
“Oh…” Castiel’s face changes from curious to concerned, eyebrows raised in shock, lips turned downward. “That’s awful news. I’m so sorry to hear that.”
Dean lets go of his pillow and rolls over, wrapping his arm around Cas’ middle and tucking his face into the soft hair at the back of Cas’ neck. Their bare skin brushes together deliciously, and if Sam wasn’t about to wake them up in a short time to get back on the road, he might do something about the friction of skin against his ex-angel. But for now, he places a kiss to Cas’ neck, smiling at the soft, sleepy grunt he gets in return.
Dean says, "Sure. You're teaching tomorrow, right? How about…I dunno, we could meet at the D for lunch on Wednesday, then head to the library after that? If you wanted to, of course."
Before Cas can answer, Dean says, "I told you he'd be fine, and he is." Cas turns to glare at him, but he keeps talking. "So how long have you been with Eileen, there? You did all right, huh?" He waggles his eyebrows in a way that makes Cas wince.
“No, Cas, you can’t.” Sam spoke quietly, casting his eyes back to where Eileen had moved over to speak to Pam. He looks back towards Cas, his hazel eyes serious. "The first few days are rough, even if you know it's coming, like I did. Dean can help you with it. Just give him a chance, okay?"
Charlie stands in the middle of it all, helping students to pull in the energy around them to form the flower. Dean’s nowhere to be seen.
When he listened back into the conversation, the gentlemen were discussing the particularly fine venison that had been served at a party, a topic which Castiel was pleased to stay out of while he gathered his wits.
“I’m well, thanks. I haven’t seen you down here before. Can I get you something?” Inias asks amiably, as Dean looks on, curiously.
"That's mostly Charlie, I just came up with the name, back whenever," Dean replies, waving a dismissive hand.
Dean’s arms tighten around Cas’ neck. “I dunno. Maybe, or maybe it was supposed to be Anna. Or Sam.” He shivers and buries his head into the crook of his boyfriend’s shoulder. “Cas, I really thought Charlie was gonna…”
"Three?" the barkeep asks, looking Dean up and down like he might be considering how best to eat him.
Castiel can’t help but wrinkle his nose at the stink that’s coming off both of them—they’ve obviously been out in the desert a few days at least, and the dust from the High Sierra has painted them both with grime. Dean tries to sit back down beside his brother, but Castiel nudges him out of the way. “Let me. Why don’t you go get cleaned up? You smell like a Croat’s armpit.”
“From Sinclair, is that?” Dean said straight away, reaching to take the card from Bobby and peer down at it. “A calling card—for Balthazar Roche’s club, over on St. James Street. Interesting. Not one I know.”
Apparently thinking similarly, Castiel smiled the thin smile that Dean had come to associate with his displeasure; the one that didn’t touch his eyes at all. “I doubt any of the ladies present would enjoy being described as such, Mister Ketch,” Castiel said calmly. “Perhaps Mister Winchester can give you some tips on how better to approach them,” he added outrageously, before bowing and taking his leave in firm strides.
It wasn’t until an hour later, when Castiel and Miss Masters took their leave from the gathering, that Dean was able to breathe freely again. As they left the room, Cas himself looked tired, almost miserable. Dean stepped forward to wish them a goodnight, but Miss Masters turned, catching Dean’s eye. She frowned, glaring at Dean with a deep disappointment. He stopped, watching Castiel leave without a backwards glance.
“At least you had more time with your father, before moving to Palo Alto,” Castiel comments, voice still gentle.
“I agree with you, Charlie,” Castiel says, his voice dipping low. “Unfortunately, the amount of things the Council and the university keep from us is high. There are many things not even the faculty has access to.”
Dean gave Sam a flat look. “Well then, I suggest you develop at least a little vulgarity, lest you end up with a wife and not know what to do with her.”
Castiel blinked at him in surprise for a few moments before he realized what Balthazar was insinuating. “What? No, no, that’s not what I mean,” he hurried to say. He took a moment to wonder how Balthazar knew about him and Dean and decided it could wait. “I have reason to believe that there are enemy operatives in attendance here tonight.”
The gravelly voice pulls Dean from his thoughts and he turns back to the bar and into the gaze of a tall, dark-haired and chisel-jawed man. His bright blue eyes are looking back at Dean with obvious interest, and when he raises one eyebrow quizzically, Dean nearly loses his grip on the earth, at the same time realising that he's waiting for Dean's order.
Dean frowns. “Well yeah, he used to say that a whole lot. But I meant the other thing, about family.”
The man smirked, his sharp black suit jacket and trousers appearing dry as he walked out of the water, his voice sounded bored as he said, “If you want something done, do it yourself.”
It hadn’t been that long ago that he’d admitted to Sam that he really wasn’t interested in Dad’s plan for him. He’d planned to get out of telling his dad about his lack of interest in it by failing to become a warlock, and he hadn’t even managed to get that right.
Lisa, the second-year grad student who works the front desk, is standing nearby. She has a flirty hand combing through her own luscious strands, and she’s batting her eyelashes at Dean, smiling at him in amusement as he fusses over his hair.
They share the slices out, each one a different flavor. Castiel tries his hardest not to look at Dean licking caramel off his fingers, and keeps his knees up to hide any bulge between his legs. Who knew eating anything could be so erotic?
As amazing as this whole thing is, none of it makes sense. There’s no known spell for manifesting magic…as a Mechanical Engineering major with a concentration in Spell Deconstruction, Dean would’ve heard about it by now, no matter how complicated it is to cast. What Castiel just did was inventive and creative, powerful and new, and everything begins sliding into place in Dean’s mind. Castiel’s defense of lay magicians because they’re different, misunderstood, judged. The argument they’d had, when Dean had said something about Thaumatechs being reckless, though he hadn’t meant a word of it. Castiel had seemed to take it personally, because…because…
The boss takes the glasses over to the couches, passing one to Novak before he sits down opposite him. “It’s good they found him, I suppose. Closure for his family.”
Dean shared a little smirk with Ash; only the two of them knew how often Dean had been here in the past year, with various attempts at partners.
The sensation is similar to the previous overloads he’s had this week—a growing core of energy inside his chest, fire racing along his veins, and blue-white glowing in Dean’s eyes as Cas stares into them. This time, however, the energy is flowing
“That’s a serious face,” he comments lightly, coming to stand close to Dean. “What’re you thinking about?”
Castiel heads into the kitchen to see Dean standing, leaning against the counter with a thundercloud hanging over his head.
Dean glances back at Castiel, the indecision clear on his face, but they follow Sam out and up the driveway, past the recovering vegetable garden, and under the apple tree branches towards the gate.
He looks at Dean, and as Dean nods, he realizes this story is never going to work. Dean looks wrecked, his face flushed, his eyes bright. He’s so beautiful when freshly fucked. The thought sends fire down to his toes—he desperately wants to get his mouth back on Dean. He needs to get rid of Adler, and quickly.
“Sam back asleep?” Cas asks, looking out over the valley, the desert quiet and still as night falls.
Dean hears Cas huff from the back seat as he climbs out, and he chuckles to himself. He doesn’t have to see the angel to know he’s rolling his eyes. He waits for Sam, Jack and Cas to shut their doors before he locks the car, and they all turn to head into the hotel.
“To marry, yes.” Dean’s misery was almost palpable in his words, and he finally let go of Castiel, making him step back, unbalanced.
—in fact until now he’d believed the compass to be lost at the bottom of the sea. How had Castiel come to have it?
“Well that’s a relief! I shall include the stranger in my prayers tonight.” Alfie practically skipped out of the shop, promising to be back early to fetch the water and the pastries.
Castiel rolls his eyes and looks back towards the sky, his mouth quirking into a grin without him meaning to.
“Speakin' of dancin',” Mick said, getting to his feet with a slight wobble, “I'd best go and stand up with me wife, else she'll be disagreeable later on.” He saluted them as he headed across the room towards the gaggle of slightly older ladies.
“Sorta like you told your brother about us?” Dean’s voice is level and cool, but his words are laced with barely concealed hurt.
“Oops,” the boss says dispassionately and turns away from the still-twitching corpse, clicking his tongue at the blood now on his hand. He murmurs as he draws up a spell, then the blood on his hand crackles, and falls to the floor in a rain of red dust.
“I’m sure. The less time I have to hold it in place, the better.” Castiel smooths his thumb over Dean’s cheek.
“Yeah, yeah, sure, of course,” Dean rambles, wondering why he needs to say a thousand different ways to tell the guy it’s okay to hit the head. “I’ll just—be wandering around.”
If she’s bothered by this omission, she doesn’t show it. “Anael.” She flips her hair over her shoulder, smiling broadly. Damn, if he had met her six months ago… Nope, he’s got a date with his boyfriend in a few hours. Which means he’s gotta figure out what’s going on here and then GTFO.
It’s closer to nine o’clock by the time Dean is sitting behind the wheel of the Impala, fingertips thrumming as he idles, waiting for Cas to come down. He’s fighting the urge to park and go knock on his front door, but that would make this less of a casual friend day and more of a romantic excursion, and he’s trying his damndest not to ruin things by rushing them. He’s half-convinced that Cas is more affectionate with him now because of their affinity, so all those hand-holds and elbow brushes and small gasps of contact can be easily explained away. Their shared magic is powerful, there’s no denying that. But there are other times that Dean wonders if it’s more than that, if his crush isn’t quite so unrequited—like when Cas stares at him with something that looks like longing, or when he texts Dean cute little things throughout the day. If Castiel were anyone else, Dean would’ve made a move by now…but this isn’t just anyone. This is someone who matters to him, and the thought of being rejected by Cas makes him feel like an anchor has been dropped inside his stomach.
“He doesn’t speak English,” Dean said, getting to his feet and picking up the empty plates. “He’s gonna stay in the spare room for the night, until we can get a doctor to take a look at his feet tomorrow.”
Dean chides himself. Focus, focus. “It sure is. We’ll be able to discover who’s responsible for this and bring ‘em in, don’t worry.” This is the second murder on the grounds in as many weeks, and the students are starting to panic. From what Cas and Dean have seen, though, there’s definitely a vengeful spirit involved.
"Yes, Alfie was here last weekend. Maybe Monday? He left rather early—he had a message from your superiors asking him to investigate some strange goings-on at the old church up at Saint Pancras. Didn’t say much about it, but he left, even at such a late hour. The Men of Letters work you hard, don’t they?"
“Who, uh, set me straight?” He knows this feeling isn’t something you generally get over—during the incident with Benny, he and Cas had been forced to channel the lay magic and expel it themselves. The Captain tilts her head in response, and Dean’s unsurprised to learn she’s the one who woke him. Their magic has always felt connected somehow, more attuned than the average pair.
Sam was still and quiet, but Dean knew he understood. They didn’t speak of it much, Dean’s inclination to not only marry for love, but his habit of loving men just a little more than he did women. Women were fine and pretty, a fun way to pass the time, but his heart didn’t often beat for them in the same way it did for a strong jawline or wide shoulders.
Castiel paused in his motions, letting his face be held, but one hand gripping tightly to Dean still, his fingers a request as they rested under the untucked hem of his shirt.
“That’s not what we’re here for, Dean,” Castiel said, glancing at the gaming table nearest them. “Perhaps we should split up again, ask around about Sinclair.”
He'd been so overjoyed to be awarded this position, and he has Meg to thank for it. She's still the only one in his life who knows the full extent of his magical gifts, although he's fairly sure she might have let it slip to Missouri when Meg was convincing her to take him on.
Castiel follows Dean’s gaze, but can’t get a read on any of the magic of the place. He’s mostly just too hot to think, as he untucks his shirt and flaps it a few times to try to get some air moving around him. “No,” he replies shortly, and shoulders past Dean to head into the path heading left.
That didn’t seem to stop Claire crowing as she gripped Kaia’s shoulder, saying with a laugh, “I fucking knew it!” She turns to Cas, adding, “Hey, Cas, come take this seat, next to Dean.” She leers at Dean as she says this, then gets up to move around to another seat as Cas sits down with murmured thanks.
“Ohhhh, god,” Castiel cries, his hips jutting forward on instinct. Dean coughs but keeps his mouth open and wet, taking the unbusy hand hanging at Castiel’s side and planting it behind his head. Castiel takes the hit and begins to fuck Dean’s mouth for a hotly intense few moments, the rhythm of his hips following the same slide of his fingers in and out of Dean’s hole. They’re both moaning and shaking now, and when he feels Castiel’s hand tighten uncontrollably in his hair, he knows his fiancé is on the verge of coming. He pulls off with a pop, his lips shiny with spit, and Castiel looks down at him like he’s the most magnificent person to ever live.
Charlie's exam is a half hour later than Dean's, so she'll probably still see the message before she goes in. The celebratory drinks are planned for eight o'clock, and Dean hopes they'll at least have something to celebrate.
The sun dropped below the mountains to the west, and Cas grabbed Dean's hand in his free one, gripping tightly. "Dean…" he began, but stopped as a bright light from between them made them both look down in alarm, and Dean looked down to see the amulet was glowing in Cas’ hand, almost too brightly to look at. Dean and Cas shared a wide-eyed look of wonder, before Dean had to look away—Cas' eyes had started to glow with a blue-white light of their own.
He eyes the chunks of vegetable in the bowl with distaste. A few years back, he wouldn’t be seen dead touching a vegetable. But since the Croatoan, food has gradually become more scarce, and he’s learned to never refuse an offer of food, no matter how much he might dislike it.
“Jesus,” Dean breathes, feeling how squashed his erection is currently and wishing he could stroke it. “Love that dirty mouth of yours, baby.”
Castiel’s eyes widened, as Dean grimaced. Castiel turned to scan the crowd over where he’d last spied Lady Donn, seeing her presiding over the dancers from the top of the set. Could it be? Their hostess, also the sorceress?
That was pretty cute, Dean thought, as Cas returned to the bench. He sat back, looking out towards the rolling surf, wondering if this life could ever be for him—sitting on the shore, watching the tide roll in...If he never managed to make the money for a new ship, he could well join the ranks of crazy ex-fishermen, telling anyone who’d listen about the mermaids they’d seen out to sea. Just the thought of it made him tired.
Dean fumbles the key into the ignition, but doesn’t start her up right away. “Not like I had much of a choice, right?” He casts a tired look at Castiel. “Adler says you’re mind controlling me, with your, uh” —he waves a hand at Cas’ body, trying to remember the words Adler had used— “venom, or some shit. Draining me.”
He’d been writing back and forth to J for several weeks now, their letters meandering off in all directions but always returning safely to the literary. He had no idea if they’d be here at the party—they hadn’t mentioned attending anything, but then, perhaps that would be too much, something that could give them away. While neither of them had made a point of stating that they wished to keep their identity secret, there was an unspoken agreement there, he supposed—they wouldn’t be using aliases if that wasn’t the case. But increasingly, Dean wished he could know who his pen pal was. To have someone that he could speak to with such ease—more honestly perhaps, in certain areas, than even Sam or Charlie—would be a blessing. If J hadn’t judged him so far for his opinions, he seemed unlikely to start. Even though they’d kept to
Dean glares at him, impatient all over again. “You’re completely new at this, and like I said before, I’m out of practice. We need to keep each other grounded here. Hand,” he says, reaching out again, and Castiel grasps his hand, the contact warm and tingling.
All the times he'd rowed up and down this stretch of river, taken Sam when they were kids, and later one or two of the local girls to see the fireflies, he'd never seen those fireflies fly out over the water like that, circling the boat, nor had he seen anything in the water as big as whatever was there today. All he'd seen was a scaly tail before whatever it was disappeared out of sight, but it had been big enough to be a… No, surely it couldn't have been his merman, this far up the river? And they'd been knocked over, he was sure of it. Just as Cas had kissed him.
Castiel’s eyes widened slightly at the flippant statement, and his tongue darted out to moisten his lips. His back was to the bed, one of the four-poster corners between his shoulder blades as he gazed back at Dean, still in place exactly where he’d stumbled against Castiel as he came through the window. “Yes,” Castiel finally said, almost a whisper. “I do.”
Castiel let out a low rumble that could have meant anything from “Yes, my love,” to “I’m never moving again.”
When he leaves the bathroom, towel carefully wrapped around his middle, Castiel is sitting still on the couch. His eyes follow Dean as he hurries to his bedroom to get dressed, but thankfully he doesn’t physically move after him—Dean isn’t sure he can actually turn the demon down if he tries anything at this point, he just doesn’t have the energy. Dean grabs a fresh t-shirt and jeans and returns to the living room, a buzz of magic running across his skin as Cas’ black gaze lands on him again. How’s he ever gonna get used to those eyes?
Shaking his head, Bobby moved away from them. Before he took the last step out of the door, he turned, pointing firmly between Dean and Castiel. “You two gentlemen—help young Samuel, here. Tell him everything you recall of what happened in the graveyard. Assist him as he needs, and once the body is to be taken to the morgue—you two take it, you understand? No one else is to deal with these remains until we know what is happening.”
“I love you, too.” Castiel slips his hand down, squeezing Dean’s wrist before taking a step back. “I would say ‘good luck,’ but you don’t need it.”
Castiel grins again, then puts his hand on Dean's shoulder and says, "Okay, how about you stay in this line, get me a drink, and I'll go find the pie?"
Lights blazed from all over the vessel, burning Castiel's eyes after the dark below the surface, but he couldn't look away. People were dancing, someone was playing some scraping kind of music, and Castiel saw
For long minutes Dean stared, committing every word to memory, though he knew without a doubt that he would be keeping the letter, as utterly besotted as he was.
“Glad you liked them. Hey, maybe I'll see you around? You could always… I dunno…” He shrugs, trying to hold together his rapidly scattering wits. “My café is on Summit Road—y'know, just up from the elementary school?”
“No, I don’t think that’s necessary. We’ll just have to try to be a little more aware of our surroundings so we don’t break anything, I suppose."
"C'mere," he says, and Cas' eyes snap up to Dean's, wide with surprise. He doesn't say anything, but scoots across the room to kneel on the rug beside his own bed.
Castiel pauses, at an obvious loss. Dean is overwhelmed by a feeling he can’t quite put into words. This whole trip, it’s hit him in the most unexpected moments—in the middle of a snowball fight with Cas that turns into a lazy trade of kisses. Cooking at the stove and peeking over the counter to watch his boyfriend content by the fire, tranquil as he reads. Waking up in the morning and reaching for him, holding each other in the early morning with a sleepy sort of warmth. He can’t get enough of these quiet, simple moments, and it’s not because they’re at a gorgeous lake or in a snowy cabin or on holiday.
, he thinks, still half asleep, and moans as the magic burns through him once again. The last thing he sees before passing out again is the glow of two eyes close to his face.
Dean moves his hands with the spell once again and throws a burst of fire into the middle of it. He holds the spell for just a moment longer, pausing for some reason before he drops the spell. Castiel releases his energy pull and the Seal speeds back into its frantic dance, and Castiel steps backwards, panting.
“Yes,” Adler agrees. “Against the odds, you both seem to have formed rather a profound kind of bond. Congratulations. We’ll see you at the graduation on Wednesday.”
Dean tucked the flower into his shirt pocket, making sure the petals weren’t crushed, and they continued on, Dean’s mind in turmoil.
Castiel frowned as he noticed Alfie among those gathered. He'd rather his young cousin not bear witness to this…whatever this was, but he was here, and must bear it.
“Thanks for taking notes, Jess.” The freshman looks pleased with herself for answering correctly, and Dean smiles at her encouragingly. He puts just enough tension in his voice to imply to the rest of his students—especially a surly looking brunette named Ruby who’s rolling her eyes and sighing—that he doesn’t intend to put up with any shenanigans this semester. Which is ironic, considering he gives his professors nothing but pleas for paper extensions and lazy responses in class. He wonders if that’s why Missouri asked him to teach, despite the fact that his GPA is subpar. Is she giving him a taste of his own medicine?
“This morning,” Charlie says with a wink, and Dean laughs, blushing a little at the image of him and Cas having sleepovers. As embarrassing as it is, even more than the sex, he can’t wait to reach that stage in their relationship. “You know I don’t say romantic bullshit like this, but…this feels different somehow. Whatever I’ve got going on with her, it’s special.”
His eyes snap up from their spot on the floor, seeing Castiel’s blue-eyed gaze fixated on him. The professor eyes are soft around the edges, his eyebrows lifted up questioningly, and it makes part of Dean’s resolve begin to slowly crumble. “I’m sorry for everything that’s transpired between us,” Castiel admits, voice low and rumbling. “You may not believe it, but I’m here to help you. I want to help you.”
“Mister Winchester, a pleasure,” Castiel responded in turn before turning to thank the server for his drink. Looking back at Dean, he offered a small smile. “It’s nice to see a familiar face, I’m afraid I lost my young cousin already to a turn about the dancefloor with the baker’s daughter.”
Dean replied, “Sure. I hope we can find something this time. I’ve only got, what—two weeks to finish the draft?”
Cas is sure his heart is still beating at coronary speed. He’s all at once thankful that Claire is finally asleep, guilty as hell that he interrupted the lecture so severely, and also incredibly embarrassed, not to mention that he’s completely in awe of this man, who dealt with a disruptive situation with such grace and kindness.
Dean’s eyes widen, his heart racing from nerves as he glances down to spot a matching ring on his own hand. Shit, what the hell does it say about him that he was calmer when he thought he was just dead? Now he has to deal with the fact that his personal equivalent of heaven is domestic bliss with Cas, and Cas knows that now?
Once Benny has been in after his night shift, and Mrs. Tran, up early for her latte before she shouts at people in the local gym under the guise of boot camp, Charlie arrives.
“Well, sometimes it can take a while, you know that,” Dean mutters, casting Cas a glance. “Sam, this is Cas. I finally found him." His mouth quirks in a grin. "Cas, my little brother, Sam.”
Bracing himself, Dean took a chance to look back at Castiel, in his own showerbath behind him. He intended to give him only a grateful look and smile of appreciation, eyes kept strictly above collarbone, but even that, it seemed, was to be a torture. The beautiful lord stood with his face upturned into the water, trickles writing such elegant poetry across his skin that Dean craved, desperately, to collect them with his tongue to recite later. Soft bubbles of soap ran in streaks from his fingertips as he rubbed them through his stubble...and Dean was gone, staring, his resolve for a quick glance gone south with the dirty water.
Rosco shrugs. “We’ll see. Crowley just needs you and your coven open to meeting with him sometime soon. We can work out the details later.”
There’s a scattering of easy chuckles, and after a moment, Dean continues. “Okay, so everyone here knows what the Well is, right? A container of arcane energy, distributed by the Earth’s elements?” All around the room, there are rows and rows of nodding heads. “Right. Well, as mages, we’re really only conduits for such massive power—and it’s a natural and simple relationship. But structurally speaking, the Well is incredibly intricate. The encasing is built by harnessing the innate magnetism of the moon, the planets, and the gravitational alignment of other celestial events. This is where elemental magic shines the brightest. I’m referencing, of course, Cardano’s theory of magnetic alignment, which holds a spell together like subatomic particles form an atom. Now, fringe theories of Gauss's law shown through the lens of Weinberg’s theory of electroweak interactions suggests that…”
The professor holds up her hands innocently. "The first I heard about Samuel's abduction was just a few hours ago when Ruby told me. She seemed distraught, but it also seems she played all sides against each other. She's worked for me for many months, yes, but I was not prepared for that."
“Leave the poor boy alone; he’s probably relieved to still have employment,” Dean said. He grinned as Castiel’s young cousin burst into song once more, clearly audible out here from the kitchen, no care given to volume, tune, or lyrical accuracy. “There was probably an ugly youngest daughter waiting in the wings for him if he hadn’t had a good reason to get away from home.”
“Of course.” Castiel tightens his grip on Dean’s back, rubbing the muscle there. “Mostly I remember wanting to kiss you.”
Castiel's head started to spin—he rubbed at his forehead above the mask. He may have narrowly headed off an episode, but he still needed air. He subconsciously gravitated towards Dean as he crossed the room, but ran into Balthazar as he skirted the chalk.
“Oh.” Dean has to admit, he's been turned down before, but this one stings. He'd hoped that Cas had been into him, that he returned the strange, magnetic pull Dean feels towards him.
Then there's the two younger women with flourishing Etsy businesses—he's not sure of the brunette's name, but the overly enthusiastic blonde is Becky.
Through his whirling mind, Dean can just about make out a snuffle, then a cough, in the room next to them. A burbling cry follows, and Cas pulls back, resting his forehead against Dean’s as they both catch their breath. When Claire’s cries become louder, Cas sighs, looking towards the door.
A huge ship broken clean in half lay along the seabed, splintered timbers leading into dark interiors. Castiel had been here a few times before, but had only skirted around the edges looking for artifacts to add to his collection. To venture inside the broken shells of these human creations seemed far more dangerous, as though some dark creature lurked inside.
“Okay,” Cas says, then adds, feeling uneasy, “What happens if I…you know…” He holds up his hand and twists his fingers, sending an arc fizzing between them. He quickly pulls his hand back in surprise—he hadn’t expected that to actually work.
Hauling his weight forward, he trusted the trailing ivy and pushed himself out of the window. Climbing sideways like a scuttling crab, Dean was glad that Phillip hadn’t gotten as far as removing his boots, as he used the soft leather to protect his toes as he pushed them through the leaves and into the gaps in the huge, limestone bricks that made up the exterior of Sands House.
Cas looks up to meet his eyes, his gaze bright and warm. Dean feels as though he might float away with the sensation of those eyes on him.
Castiel’s eyes widen, mouth hanging open, eyebrows furrowed. It’s a look Dean’s never seen on his face before.
“To what?” Castiel asked, his eyes on the wall ahead of him, tugging his cravat clear of his clothes with swift, practiced movements.
Pushing him back until he and Cas stumbled a few steps, Cas stepped aside and watched as Meg pointed behind Dean to a large pile of dirty linens, presumably waiting to be laundered tomorrow morning. “Lie down,” she commanded, and who was Dean to disobey? He slipped off his pumps to disentangle his feet from his trousers, but didn’t get a chance to remove his stockings before he was pushed down into the linens, his bare back hitting the pile. He tried to prop himself up a little with the sheets behind his shoulders—it wasn’t quite as soft as it had looked in the dim light, but it was better than lying on the cold stones, that was for certain.
When Castiel glanced up at Dean’s face, he was caught in that green-eyed gaze all over again. He knew he was looking for too long, but as Dean’s tongue darted out to wet his lips, Castiel tracked the movement, unable to help himself. “Undoubtedly,” he murmured.
Bobby exchanges another look with Dean. “No,” he says. “They converge. Here, at Stull. At certain times of year, the veil between worlds gets thin. That’s when the gate opens, and lets the demons though.”
Sam and Eileen preceded Dean further into the house, as Dean cast his eyes across the room, taking in the groups of people clustered around. The ballroom of Shurley House was large and well-appointed, with an elaborate chandelier hanging from the ceiling, sparkling in the lamplight. A large space in the center of the room was chalked for dancing, but for now the orchestra played quiet, pleasant music, barely audible over the murmuring.
Dean wasn’t expecting an invitation, had thought he might have gone out and made a start on the mess outside, but he nods. “If that’ll help you, of course I will.”
As soon as Dean saw the stiffening of Castiel’s shoulders, he knew. He didn’t even need to wait to observe his uncomfortably swift exit from the circle of discussion close by; Dean knew it was coming. Why must people be so damnably obsessed with the war? Were there not enough horrors in daily life as it was? He inclined his head summarily to the group of ladies that Lady Shurley—Anna, she insisted, though Dean felt he didn’t know enough of her for that—held court with, their fans a-fluttering.
A hand on the small of his back startles him as magic flows into him, soothing the sudden spike of arousal that has him suddenly aware of the constricting denim around his crotch. Cas’ magic meets his own, and nearly makes his knees buckle with its intensity. Cas' grip on his arm gets tighter, but just as Dean's vision is starting to blur around the edges, Ms. Holmes and Missouri are in his field of vision, in front of Charlie. They'd been down the whole line while Dean was daydreaming? He straightens up as Cas' hand leaves his back. He just has to get through this ceremony, then he can sleep for a week. After a few drinks, of course.
Dean exhales, his hands feeling clammy. Sam calls his name and leans in close, whispering urgently in Dean’s ear. Dean blinks, processing what his brother is saying while trying to mask his expression so Crowley doesn’t see. Then, without speaking he tugs on Castiel’s sleeve and pulls him a short distance away, casting a quick muffling charm around them for added privacy. He wishes they could pool resources and talk things over with Charlie, Sam, and Anna, but he doesn’t want Crowley to hear what he’s about to say. Bringing everyone
And the look on Cas’ face when Dean had asked him to leave… No, sleep wasn’t going to come easily tonight.
Castiel stared at him, taken aback by his sudden joviality. He kept his voice low for Dean’s ear only, bending close. “Well, pardon me for being shocked—I’ve never had the occasion to meet royalty before. Had I known Her Majesty was such a meddling matchmaker I would not have been so pleased to see her!”
But then… Dean moved away from the pulley rope to stare over the railing. A face was looking up at him with wide eyes, arms outstretched on the surface. The person gaped for a moment in horror, then dived back under the surface.
The sun was low, and a breeze blew across his skin, making him feel unpleasantly cool. He sat up on the sand, the waves still washing around his hips, and marveled at the soft skin on his arm, and the small, dark hairs covering it.
What the hell is happening? He should be failing right now—the magic winding down with a comical sad trombone sound. Instead, the tight magical charge is increasing in a way that sets Dean's teeth on edge. He steps back, keeping his hands raised to try to grip onto the edges of the summoning spell that he’s sure is dissipating, even though the ambient magic seems to only be rising.
Winchester pulled a kerchief out of his coat pocket and wiped his hands again. “We’ll take care of that. Come, Milton, we’ll help”
He blinked a few times as his vision cleared again, and looked down to see thick white streaks painting the rug beneath his bare feet.
“Aye, I’ll allow it, since his supervisor here vouches for him so nicely,” the professor nods graciously.
When Dean returns, paper bag full of burgers in hand, he takes one look at Cas and comes over to place his hand on Cas’ shoulder, pulling the magical charge from him like soothing water flowing through him. “Better?” he asks, sitting down next to Cas on the couch and passing him one of the burgers.
Dean could feel his cheeks heating even as he took a deliberate step away from Castiel; he fought down a childish giggle upon noticing Castiel mirroring his movement. “Apologies, my good man—you know Mister Novak, do you not? We were discussing little of importance, I assure you.”
Dean can hear the smile in his voice, and a feeling of contentment settles over him. This ease, this peace that he feels with Cas—it’s addictive. Like the outside world is on hold, even for a few hours.
"Oh! A familiar? Pleased to meet ya." Dean gestures behind him, towards Cas. "This is my witch, Cas."
Uh oh. Dean recognizes the look in Charlie’s eyes—she’s about to start the interrogation. He needs to head this off at the pass. The kids have found a table and are eagerly chatting about the concert while starting on their milkshakes, so Dean heads behind the counter. "You can get going if you like, Charlie. I'll do this, then lock up."
“Well, you saved one, didn’t you? I went to great lengths to brew up that storm to bring their ship to me, but the treasure I was looking for wasn’t on board when I went searching in the graveyard.”
“What was your specialization?” Dean asks suddenly, the question practically tripping out of his mouth. “In grad school, I mean.”
Dean cracks an eye open, surprised to find the bowl is already filled with fire. The flames are dwindling, diminishing quickly.
The smile on the man's face falters as he glances down at himself. "Oops," he says. "Seems I couldn't quite hold onto my clothes."
“So,” Dean announces, clapping his hands together, “let’s discuss chapters one and two on Monday, keepin’ a close eye on the list of possible disciplines on page twenty-five. And…?”
“Don’t you think I know that?” Dean shouts, standing to his feet as well. “That’s the problem, dumbass. We both love each other so much that we keep shit from each other just to keep the other safe, and I don’t—I don’t know—I can’t lose him, okay? I’d rather break up then watch him in danger, or watch him—I can’t—Sam, what if he
“You’re welcome, sweetheart,” Dean replied fondly, before nodding his head across the field and back along the valley. “Ready to go?”
A sound caught his attention at the back of the room. Could there be a rat in here? The scuffling came again, and a whispering. Not a rat then—a person was certainly in here—more than one person. He could hear breathing, and some kind of wet noise, as though someone were...kissing.
Cas reaches up to grab the front of Dean’s shirt, and with a groan that sends a shiver right down Dean’s spine, he pushes Dean back into the wall, aligning their bodies and deepening their kiss.
He watched the flight of a dove winging its way across the garden, alighting on the ledge of a high dovecote. If he wasn't a damned lord, if his benighted brother hadn't met his end doing his duty for the crown, he would have been free to be with whoever he wished, man or woman, and few would have known or cared.
Instead, he shook his head as he approached the table where the two women sat. “Thank you, madam, but I’m afraid I cannot disclose that. If you have my biscuits at home, there will be no reason to come to my Tea Room, would there?” He collected the plate that now only held crumbs, thanking Great-Uncle Balthazar once again for passing down another valuable lesson. Hopefully there would still be a Tea Room to visit, come next week.
Dean doesn’t believe that coincidence for a second. “The kid? Come on, Cas, he knew you were there.” When Cas doesn’t elaborate, Dean continues quietly, “Being a human is messing you up isn’t it? Cas, I…I’m sorry I asked you to leave. You would have been safe in the bunker with us, we could have—"
“Of course—Castiel is always welcome, Dean. There will be no secrets under our roof, at least not between the two of us.” Charlie paused to seat herself properly, then pulled her reticule into her lap. From within it, she tugged a thick, folded parchment. “Speaking of secrets, I should admit to one final one.”
Castiel Novak…model-good looks, heart of freaking gold, smart as a damn whip. Oh, and sometimes he does such inventive magic that his eyes
“I won’t force you. I can’t. But will you help me, Dean?” He reaches out, heat radiating from his hand as it hovers near Dean’s jaw, not quite touching him.
Castiel’s emotions have been all over the place for months, there’s nothing new there. His deep anger at Dean’s treatment of Jack and the whole Chuck situation was hard enough to deal with, but since they got back from purgatory the second time and Jack’s soul was restored, Cas has found himself less and less sure of his place in the world. Dean says he’s forgiven him, but did he really mean it when he said Cas is his “best friend”?
“Hey, I’m not above saving the world if it gets me out of my exams,” Ruby says. “You don’t know how hard this has been, though.”
"Ah, Dean…" he cries without intending to, as the intensity of the orgasm catches him by surprise. His knees nearly give out as he stumbles forward, catching himself with one hand on the tiled wall and letting the water run over his hair and down his face.
Cas didn’t wait for them to catch up, turning to run to the beach track. Dean cursed under his breath, following him.
The window had a heavy sash, and it clattered and creaked as Dean pushed it upward. He paused; waiting to see if anyone came a-knocking at the noise. But, after a moment, there was only silence beyond the door. Dean stuck his head out of the window. He knew Castiel was only next door, if he could just…yes, that would do, Dean decided, grinning to himself as his eyes adjusted to the late evening light and landed on the thick sturdy ivy vines that covered this side of the house. Yes, they were a couple of floors up…but Castiel’s window was only a few feet away.
Castiel didn’t turn from where he was standing at the sideboard, polishing the silver forks. The shop was due to open in barely ten minutes, and he didn’t have time to give in to the worry that had been trying to claw its way up his throat ever since Alfie had arrived in a whirlwind, today’s
“We got plenty of that around here too,” Dean says with an outlandish wink. Gabriel laughs and Castiel shakes his head.
Dean stood on the beach at the water’s edge, the fond smile on his face more sunny than a summer’s day.
“Doesn’t matter anyway; I can get you in,” Bobby rumbled, bringing Dean’s attention back from where it had started to drift to his left, where Castiel still stood. “I know someone, a friend of a friend. I should be able to get you two in without much trouble.”
Dean frowned then, his brows drawing together. “My father cannot force me to marry anyone without my consent. I will not allow him to marry me off like some animal sent to slaughter.”
“What’s that?” Adler is smirking now, and there’s some definite “cat who caught the canary” vibes going on. Maybe he thinks Dean will regret telling him off, maybe he’ll get to fire Dean or kick him out of the program, but right now both of those consequences seem worth it.
“Yes, thank you, Doctor Adler,” a voice with a Scottish lilt says, as Doctor MacLeod sidles in, neatly hip-checking him out of the shot. Her name appears on the screen after just a few moments.
“Fuck,” Dean mutters, shutting the door before he has more surprise visitors. He hits his forehead against the wood, willing his erection to go down. “Fuck, fuck, fuck.”
Dean's voice was cold as ice. "Friends, are we? A man who threatens the life of those I care about is no friend of mine."
something else, and after their strained first meeting a few days ago, Dean knows it firsthand. Somehow the professor has agreed to take Dean on as a thesis candidate anyways, which he suspects has less to do with Castiel’s personal preference and
Winchester stood over him, a short, serrated knife in his hand. He jumped on Sinclair, pinning him to the ground again and holding the knife close to his throat. “Tell us who you are and what you’ve done with Sinclair.”
“Charlie, could I have a moment?” When she turns wild eyes on him, he steps back a bit. Charlie can get a little scary when stressed. He adds, “Have you seen Dean?”
“Because this affects mages, too. This affects us all,” Castiel answers somberly. The Captain adjusts her gaze, her expression returning to its careful facade in a way Dean finds interesting. Does she not trust Cas? Why is she so closed off?
Dean stared at her, not sure he could believe what he was hearing. First Sam, now Miss Moseley? “What kinda people?” he asked.
“Castiel!” Dean yelled, tearing back through the main tea room and flying up the stairs to the apartment above.
Dean's chest gives a painful lurch, and he swallows against the anger that burns on his throat. This situation he's powerless to control. Why won't Azazel just leave them alone? Sam can’t really be the key to a cure, can he?
“Depends on your definition of ‘okay,’” Castiel says vaguely. He waves a hand and the door doubles fly open.
It’s weird hearing themselves on camera—Dean thinks everything he’s saying sounds idiotic or dull. Charlie and Sam are transfixed, though, never imagining they might witness such a strong illusion, and Dean can’t help geeking out about the spell mechanics. He gives them an abridged version of his thesis conclusion and Castiel listens with rapt attention, hanging on his every word. Eventually, though, the hours they spent lost in the maze grows boring, and Charlie fast-forwards to the last twenty minutes. She manages to land them right in the middle of the climax, when they’re figuring out the incantation. Then the camera goes completely black, and there isn’t a sound apart from Dean and Cas’ frantic whispers.
“Yes, well…our previous meeting was interrupted,” she says vaguely. “I like to finish what I start.”
“Uh, yeah. It’s just Cas, though,” Cas says, immediately berating himself for being awkward. “Thank you. For doing that, I mean...she hadn’t had a nap this morning, so she must’ve passed out pretty hard.”
Then there had been the disaster upstairs, when he'd been sent up to find Dean and run straight into Benny.
The sensation travels straight to Castiel’s pleasure centers and he groans as Dean looks up at him through his lashes, licking a trail across the skin of Castiel's stomach. He can actually feel the blood rushing to his cock, his jeans tightening, then even more as Dean lifts one hand and trails it over the front of Castiel's pants. Castiel hitches in a breath again, letting it out with a "Oh, Dean."
“This place is amazing, Dean,” Castiel says over the loud music playing. “Benny’s friend’s a mage, then?”
"Don't let Adler's blustering worry you. He's a dinosaur. I knew you boys would be perfect together," she adds with a wide smile.
"And if I refuse?" Castiel asks, scowling. He's damned if he's going to stand by while some magical bullshit takes over his life.
Cas cries out, “Dean!” as Dean slumps to the ground, dazed, but conscious. Cas curses as the guy steps towards him next. How has he ended up fistfighting with demons when he’s never raised a hand to anyone in his life? All he’s got is a few self-defence tips he got in college, and that’s not going to help him against a man possessed by a supernatural creature.
“Just call Cas, tell him to get his illusioned ass over here,” he grumbles. Charlie is the only one who knows about Castiel’s on-campus suspension—not to mention his dumb plan to still show up today. Dean didn’t want to worry anyone else, but he knows Cas came to the ceremony because he felt the familiar stir of magic deep within his chest. Now that feeling is distant, gone.
Dean narrows his eyes, spinning to look back at Cas, who’s standing up again with his hands in his back pockets. “Thanks, Captain Obvious.”
Dean feels nauseous at the sight of blood seeping on Anna’s shirt, her red hair tossed and messy as she struggles against Crowley’s hold.
Dean turned back to Crowley, gritting his teeth. “What’re you going to do to him?” he demanded, nodding towards where Cas had gone.
hangs with significance in the room, though this possibility is hardly a secret. Dean had practically put his intentions on a billboard during that one dream they shared after the Well explosion. Still, he thinks about the engagement rings he’s looked at the past few weeks, imagining them on his finger. Imagining them on Cas’. None of them felt as right as the talismans they’ve already share, so he was considering skipping that whole forced-ring situation altogether, an option his future self obviously agreed with… At least, he thinks so? The finer points are already turning gray, and now he’s just left with a general sense of contentedness.
Castiel was overcome. He threw his arms around his brother in joy. “Thank you, Gabriel! It’s wonderful!” He took the carving to look at it more closely, the scratched surface already swelling a little with the saltwater. The wood wouldn’t last long down here, but at least he’d have a small piece of Dean to cherish for a little while.
The question catches Dean off-guard, mostly because he’s been lost in thought, and he tries to take a moment to really contemplate his answer. “Obviously a big power source. The spell will have a complicated structure, right?”
Castiel watches him go, admiring the way his broad shoulders fill out the new leather jacket Dean recently bought. He’d been so excited about it—
The guy's eyes widened in confusion. His mouth opened, and he murmured a few strange words, before clutching at his throat.
Castiel nodded begrudgingly, before turning to swim right out of the room and back towards the entrance to the home cavern.
“Mana Bar?” He had taken Cas here a while ago, when they first started going out. That seemed like a whole lifetime ago—in a way, he barely knew Castiel then. Now he knows what he looks like when he’s sleeping, how he tucks his feet under Dean’s thighs when he’s cold, what it sounds like when he laughs so hard he turns away and gasps for air.
The gussied-up female, rather overdressed for the occasion if Dean was any judge, brought her fan back up slowly, her eyes roaming Dean’s form rather crudely before she answered.
“No,” Mrs. Mosely said with a grimace. “But it’s believed that the walls between worlds are thinnest at solstices—and midsummer is only a fortnight away. My best guess would be then.”
The effect was almost instant. The faces around the table lost their smiles, none more so than Lady Holmes. She raised one eyebrow. “The parish does not approve of those books being here, you know.”
At the water fountain, in the hallway, outside the men’s restroom. Each time, he averts his eyes but plasters on a neutral smile, sauntering away slowly, as if Castiel’s presence doesn’t affect him at all.
Ellen: absolutely, and a relaxing break, if you're able to. I recommend not writing a huge plot-heavy fic at this time. You know that meme with the guy with things stuck all over the wall and string connecting everything? That's what it felt like putting this fic together 😂
He just…he smells so good, and the memory of what they'd done earlier that morning, as well as his plans for distracting the demon, has him groaning slightly before he's even aware of it. He trails a hand down Castiel’s smooth chest, heading for further down, but the demon moves his hand away.
Dean startles as a clapping sound comes from his left. When he turns, Mister Adler has stepped forward. His demon looms behind him, the infernal’s unnerving black eyes trained on Castiel.
Managing to convert his guffaw at the realization into a more mannerly chuckle, Dean grinned across at Castiel. “Oh, no doubt. Personally, though, I find it all a bit overwhelming,” he admitted quietly. “It’s a constant stress to be in places like this, always performing…knowing that this punch cup alone is probably worth enough to feed a family on my estate.”
“I thought I did,” he says coldly. Sam exhales a huff and Castiel just stares back at him, looking small and remorseful.
Castiel rolls his eyes. He had barely told her anything about Dean—not even his name—but trust her to remember that one detail. “Yes. I kind of…had an argument with him.”
“Of course I’m certain, man,” Dean answered, chuckling as he reached out to lightly clap Castiel’s shoulder before he stepped back toward Baby. “Why on Earth wouldn’t I be?”
Dean chuckles and looks down, then looks up again from his empty cup to ask, “So, who’s Meg? And why didn’t they wipe her memory?”
As Balthazar arranged the musicians and couples for the dance, Castiel leaned in to speak quietly with Dean. “I take it she’s no longer a suspect.”
Sam frowned, a sadness around his eyes evident before Dean turned back to his paper, the disappointment tight in his own chest. It was bad enough Cas returning and ignoring him, let alone having to endure pity from his brother as well.
The rain seems a little lighter now—the worst of the storm front has passed over the farm, but there are still rivulets of water running down the side of the driveway, soaking Castiel's boots as he runs through it.
The churchyard was full of parishioners hurrying to get inside out of the cold, but there were a few groups standing, mingling outside the doors.
When Dean blinks back awake he’s flat on the barn floor, dusty eddies of footsteps swirling around him. He coughs and groans, feeling strangely sore.
Crowley throws back his drink, slamming the glass down on the bar for Inias to refill. "Now," he continues, "we've got a few stragglers from our group, but most of them have already been briefed. When the others arrive, just let me do the talking, all right? Our aim here is simple—find out what they know, and if the Coven will lend us their power. Everything else after that will be negotiating, and that's my area of expertise."
The demon flinches back, scowling. Dean nearly apologizes—his magic is more powerful now, and he must have put too much into the spell, but he recovers quickly and stands tall, his black eyes back on Dean’s face. “I am Castiel,” he says, and Dean shivers again.
Out of excuses, Dean sighs, feeling nervous about attempting this magnitude of magic. The rain is coming down in sheets now, but at least it’s dark enough that they’re well-hidden from any prying eyes. Casting a spell in ice skates in the rain poses a whole new set of challenges, and it takes them a few practice rounds before they have the hand motions fluid enough to mirror one another. Hands clasped, then spread open, thumb and forefinger of their left hands sliding against the right, then middle finger and forefinger sliding against each other, before finally finishing by hooking their pinkies in an inverted twist. It’s a bit more involved than the heating spell they’ve mastered, the freezing charm requiring every wave of their hands to be cast with precision. Still, it takes barely a minute before the spell is in motion. The rain freezes into a soft, drifting snow almost instantly, and Cas looks like a vision with his wet hair and eyelashes, hands long and confident as he continues the spell. Dean can feel the mounting energy between them, the adrenaline rising to three-shots-of-espresso level. His hands are shaking—he feels overwhelmed.
Castiel hurried away, wondering if he had any chance of getting even one of the ladies to speak at a more reasonable volume.
Ruin his life? The realization hits him like a ton of bricks—there’s no way he wants to go back to his life before Dean and Sam arrived. What good is paradise, if he’s alone?
He rubbed his hand over his face, tugging at his beard on the way past. What the hell was he thinking? Cas had stolen the compass, and who knows what else. Just as his father had said, it was bad news taking in strays. He was better off without him.
The Sea Witch snorted his amusement. “I know who you are, your royal highness. You can call me Crowley. Sea Witch is more of a…professional title.”
“It’s hard not to, with you,” Dean says, blushing and grinning, lowering Cas down to the mattress. He uses his shirt to clean the come up between them, and when he discovers the lube is lost somewhere in the sheets, he casts a quick summoning charm until it flies into his hand. He pours the contents right onto Cas’ cock, stroking him enough just to distribute the lube. He knows they’re both clean—having a smarty pants boyfriend who can do medical magic has its perks—and he straddles Cas’ lap, his stance wide and his hands on either asscheek. He sinks himself slowly onto Cas’ cock, and despite all the foreplay, he feels split open by the time Cas bottoms out.
Castiel let his eyes wander back to Dean, who, if he was not mistaken, had a flush upon his cheeks. Dean had seen the letter and worried about him? And Lady Bradbury had advocated for him?
Castiel glances at Adler, who smirks. He suddenly remembers that as his direct superior, Missouri is the only one who can directly have him fired, but Adler could certainly make his life here difficult. Alder speaks up, "We've heard a few reports—you've been seen casting lay magic in public, Castiel. It's not a great look for our university—especially for a new professor. We are in the business of teaching the use of pure, safe elemental—"
He’s practically been a figment of Dean’s overactive imagination for so long that he has no clue how to act normally around him, how to muddle through the expected first-date small talk and act like he hasn’t been wanting this for far too long. He’s done an okay job so far, hasn’t put his foot in his mouth yet—but he knows himself, so yeah, it’s bound to happen. He doesn’t want to come across as too eager, and as much as he doesn’t want to admit it, Castiel’s harmless teasing from earlier in the classroom has invaded whatever self-assurance he’s been building. What if he really is just some lovesick student? Or what if he’s Cas’ sexual experimenting gone wrong? What if Dean falls for him?
The memory enchantment on the amulet awakens with Dean’s magic, but Castiel resists pulling at it this time. As the spell’s structure grows, the container expands with it, then when Dean swings his right hand around the outside of it and closes his fingers into a fist, the container contracts again until it pulls tightly around the metal. Castiel hasn’t cast the visualisation spell this time so it doesn’t actually glow, but Castiel can feel the magic bound to the amulet now—it’s almost vibrating with the strength of the power within it, and it feels like Dean—like home.
Castiel gapes at the dead Croat, as he realizes that what he'd first thought was a crack of thunder, had in fact been a gunshot. He looks up the rain-soaked hill to see someone standing there under the trees.
“So I started thinking about our first meeting, when we were discussing the way you view magic as such a physical entity. And I started thinking…” Castiel clasps his hands together nervously. “I have an unorthodox idea to try, something that you might find helpful. If you’re willing.” There’s a question at the end of his voice, a hesitation that Dean hasn’t noticed before, and it’s definitely intriguing, so he nods. “Excellent. To start—can you cast a simple charm? Just whatever comes to mind.”
“Hey,” Dean growls, everything snapping back into focus at the thought of Cas being ogled by anyone but
“I watched you.” Dean’s voice goes soft. “After the fight, at the Samhain Faire, remember? You healed my lip.”
Dean chuckles a little, feeling a warmth settle inside his chest—sinking into his fingers and toes. The bond glows between them and Dean sighs contentedly, resting his head on Castiel’s shoulder as they hold each other. They stand there, linked together and pressed closely, and it feels so nice to be together and doing
Castiel sits down carefully on the bed beside him, putting his arm around Dean's shoulders when Dean leans into him. "I didn't really mean to, I just heard whispering. The amulet must be storing memories, I guess. I've heard it was possible, but I've never seen it done before."
Rowena sighs. “When the Stanford Well was cast back in the 1870s, it was meant as a container to hold all the energy from the elements, drained from across the country. It’s similar to how the Oxford Well works—a great store of pure energy to be called on by all. This university was built after that, and attached to the non-magical university at Stanford.”
“Dean has something he wants to tell you,” Charlie says loudly, pulling away with a broad grin on her face.
“Yeah, well...you’ll see,” Dean replies. "We have to keep it closed. If things get out of there..." He trails off, rubbing his hands along the tops of his thighs, and for some reason the motion makes Cas want to know about this “hellgate” and what could come out of it even less.
Castiel finally had no choice but to pull his hands away from Dean’s grasp, inspecting the neat job Dean had made of the bandaging. “Thank you. I guess I went a little hard on the bag over there.”
Cas lifted his eyes to Dean’s briefly, and Dean smirked at him with all the heat he could muster before he turned his back, resting his arms against the edge of the empty tub now in front of him. He felt fingers run across his back, lightly across the skin above where the corset was fastened with thick-knotted laces, then more heavily around where the linen stretched around his side.
And tonight, he had the perfect company to help him pursue that happiness. All he needed was for the rest of the party to be distracted for long enough for Lady Antonia and himself to make good their escape.
Without further ado, he turned and headed out into the room, leaving Dean and Castiel to follow. As they went, Dean leaned in close to Castiel’s ear, murmuring, “Garth’s one of ours, Bobby’s ‘man on the inside’.”
“We have help,” Krissy interrupts, her tone indignant again. “And it’s way more than I ever learned from the Captain. They bring in a mage, a teacher, and he’s helping us control our magic.”
The lightness in Castiel’s chest at those words might have floated him right up out of the ocean and into the sky beyond.
Eventually he gives up, making himself get up to go for a run just before the dawn breaks. He sticks to the pavement to avoid the frosty patches on the grass, breathing out clouds of steam as he runs beneath the lightening sky. He’d hoped the exercise would ground him, help the jittery ache in his limbs, but instead it amps him up, makes the current run faster beneath his skin, making sparks fly from his fingers when he shakes them out. He’s glad it’s too cold for anyone else to be out and about.
But it was time to give up such things. He had a duty to his father, to his kingdom. Naomi wouldn’t be so forgiving the next time.
Instead of responding he holds a hand over his forehead and squints, trying to see over in the distance something he hadn’t noticed yet. “What the hell is that?”
Castiel shuffled until he lay along Dean’s back, holding him close with an arm across his side and up to his chest. Dean lay still and warm against him for a minute, then rolled over to face him, and they watched each other in the dim candlelight.
Cas looks around appreciatively at the starry ceiling, the shelves with their memorabilia. He nods, smiling. "Sci-fi enthusiasts, I presume?"
John looked Dean up and down, his lip curling. “Bit o’ rain shouldn’t hurt a fisherman, but I guess it did the last time you were out in it.”
The idea is thrilling, yet intimidating at the same time. Dean has wanted this for such a long time that the thought of screwing it up, of having to still share a room if it all goes south, makes him pull back, detaching Cas' tongue from his mouth.
Crowley says, “He didn’t learn control well enough. He lost it, and unfortunately is no longer with us.”
Castiel opens his mouth, likely offended by Gabe’s poor choice of words, but Anna interrupts him first. “What he means to say is—you aided your big sister in successfully leading the biggest revolution anyone’s ever seen,” she says dryly.
He adjusts his collar as he steps outside, shivering in the frigid temperature. This week, he had overheard some people excitedly predicting what sort of magic had caused their snow flurries from the weekend, and Dean still feels smug about the strength of their affinity. He thinks back to Castiel believing that they’re bonded, and while that would be freaking amazing, Dean can’t imagine an incredible mage like Cas being tied to
Cas stifles a yawn as he follows her around. He had been all for dinner at Waffle House with his best friend on this Friday night, but it’s been a long, irritating day at work and he could really have done without the trip around this festival she’s dragged him to, no matter how cleverly designed the thousands of jack-o-lanterns are. There’s a chilly breeze blowing up the street which seems to be blowing right through his jacket. He shudders.
Castiel can't seem to move as he swallows against his suddenly dry throat. Dean's muscles tense in his back and shoulders, and Castiel can't help but follow them down to his tapered waist, where the sweat is collecting on the t-shirt tucked into the back of his jeans. He takes a moment to mourn that the t-shirt's placement means he can't see the shape of what's inside the jeans, when he catches himself, realizing he’s been staring at Dean like some kind of creeper for too long.
Eventually, having flopped off of Castiel’s chest and rolled to the side, Dean turned to press his lips to Castiel’s cheek.
Sam? So he wasn’t with Bobby and Ellen. Had he been at the graduation at all? Castiel’s worry suddenly feels like a cold stone in his stomach. Rosco had mentioned “the other one”...
Once again he questions his devotion to this place, whether he can watch Dean walk away, and stay here, alone. What does he owe this place? His parents? For the hundredth time, he wonders what happened to them. The place was left clean, running, a little overgrown but functioning when he and Anna had arrived. Why had they left? He will probably never know.
“Look,” Dean begins, “y’know I’m all for you dating around and gettin’ your jollies whenever you can get ‘em. I don’t even care that she’s my student as much as—” He stops, trying to word his caution carefully. “This chick just seems like bad news.”
Castiel coughed again, his eyes wide but glazed and barely seeing. “Dean?” he managed, before his voice was stifled once more.
Castiel nodded as they hefted the woman’s already discolored body away to the graveyard, lifting her feet as Dean took her head. “It is. Something must have drawn it here. Here’s hoping it wasn’t us,” he said, his tone going for lighthearted but missing by a mile.
Castiel’s horror must be showing on his face, because Dean’s face softens a little. “Look, it’s the fastest way to learn how to control and use your magic, okay? Fight or flight. We’ll be fine.” Dean shifts his duffel to his other hand, glancing back over his shoulder towards the bedrooms. “Now if you’ll excuse me, it’s been quite a day. All right if I take the other bedroom? Or would you prefer I slept out here?”
The evening sea breeze strengthened, as he walked further out, closer to the rocks near the river's mouth. Something splashed out in the water, and he caught his breath as he saw the edge of a fin disappearing beneath the surface.
"Gentlemen? Could I just have your attention for a few moments?" Crowley asks, obviously delighted. He hands a beer to Sam, raising his own glass of whiskey in a toast. "To the Demons," he says, and Castiel's eyes widen. Who or what on earth are
“Aren’t we both getting a little old for this? I mean, don’t get me wrong, I’ve always loved the stories, but...this is going a bit far.”
“There's another thing of Dad's he should never have given to you.” Sam's voice was harsh, cutting Dean to the heart. “You always break everything you're given, don't you, Dean?”
“They were sent back to Hell,” Miss Becky whispered, as if she didn’t wish to disturb the other guests, a few of whom were still milling about, gathering themselves and being rather nosy. “I could hear them screaming as they were pulled back to the abyss. You didn’t kill them; you returned them from whence they came.”
Castiel nods, fanning his sweaty shirt against his skin again, even though it does little to cool him. “Certainly feels that way.”
He needed to know, even if the answers weren’t ones he wanted to hear. But did he have the courage to ask Cas tonight, even if he could get him alone?
“Gabriel!” Castiel said, shoving him none too gently to get him to stop, glancing around to make sure no one had noticed.
Ellen shook her head. “Never mind the turkey, I’m sure we’ve got plenty of everythin’ else to keep us fed. Come on Bobby, Jo. Help me take the rest of this to the table.” She bustles out with her reluctant helpers, leaving Dean to get unsteadily to his feet.
It felt like a loss, and while he hoped his face didn’t show it, Dean didn’t yet have quite enough breath in him to care. He leaned forward a little, resting his forearms on his bent knees, and watched as Castiel stood and walked the few feet over to the still-smoldering circle of flame, stamping it out.
“Guess we oughta take care of this,” he says, looking up at the rain and wincing slightly. He reaches forward and runs a hand through Castiel’s wet hair, making it messier on purpose and grinning. “Gotta say, though, you do the whole ‘wet and rainy’ look alotta justice.”
Sam nods, looking more enthusiastic now. “And I can keep researching to find out more about the history of the Seal. D’you think we could get another look at that book, Cas?”
Lisa looks a little crestfallen, obviously expecting him to respond more positively to her advances, but nods and smiles at him anyways. Dean turns around abruptly before things can get any more awkward. Jesus. He needs to figure his shit out.
The flames had taken hold well by then, filling the centre of the reading space with a roaring sound, blackening the ceiling above and pouring out thick, sooty smoke from all the ink, fabric, and comfortable furniture it was beginning to eat its way through. There were sparks flying everywhere from the burning pile; It was nearly the size of a midwinter bonfire, Dean thought, wholly out of place indoors in the waning days of summer.
Dean beams as he takes it in. “Check this out, Cas! Bit o’ Buddy Holly, and reviews said best burgers in the county!” His enthusiasm is infectious as he adds, “There’s a table.”
“Didn’t you tell me a few days ago it was empty?” she says, eyeing him curiously. Fuck, trust Charlie and her annoyingly good memory to catch him in a lie.
The sooner he can get Sam out of this mess and to Dean to explain the whole thing, the better, honestly. He has no idea what Anna’s playing at here, but he has a bad feeling about it.
“I’m no expert, Cassie, but a bond this strong is usually romantic,” she points out. It can’t be the woman Castiel was dating back in Oxford—Meg Masters. Anna had gathered enough intel on her to know she wasn’t a perfect fit for her brother, though her proficiency with battle magic could come in handy. She hasn’t been keeping close tabs on Castiel now that they live in the same city, but that had apparently been foolish on her part.
Still, he couldn't let it go. Those blue eyes, that powerful tail…how could he? That image was seared into his mind.
The reality of their upcoming day hits Dean in the stomach, his mouth turning dry. God, lying in bed with Cas, he almost convinced himself that nothing bad can happen. That they’ll always be safe, that everyone they love will be safe, too…
Castiel’s eyebrows shoot up, overwhelming surprise painted on his features. “I would never ask you to leave, to give up your life for me.”
A card party at Bloomsbury Square a few weeks later sent him back into the orbit of Miss Eliza Braeden, the eldest daughter of a northern Earl who seemed very keen for his daughter to become acquainted with the Lord Winchester. Eliza was pleasant enough, Dean thought, but canny enough to know that Dean wasn’t in the market for a wife. Still, that didn’t stop him from spending a good while discussing the state of the war effort with her, followed by persuading her into slipping away with him into a deserted back corridor on the pretense of escorting her to take the night air.
As Castiel leaves the house, he can't help but draw a breath at the scene in the garden. Neatly-trimmed hedges frame a large space, hung over with trees with candles twinkling in the branches. People mill around a large firepit in the center of the lawn, chatting and laughing, and over it all, pleasant classical music plays.
“Very well, come on in, then,” said Singer, waving his hand at the still-open door behind Castiel. He hurried to close it, while Dean fetched another chair from against the other wall so they could all be seated.
Dean should have backed away, should have fled the room. Instead, his traitorous body couldn’t help the small gasp that left him.
Dean had no idea which way was up. It had been dark under the ocean, and despite the fact that he could somehow breathe, the idea that he’d been dragged down here by an octopus-man to meet a scary-looking mermaid with a sharp spear was almost more than his mind was willing to handle. Seeing and recognizing the
I’m in lockdown with Dean. Just as we were about to head into spring break, we’ve instead found ourselves sent home and into lockdown. Dean and I are holed up in our apartment, and even though Cas’ place is only a few blocks away, it might as well be across the country.
But the minute he enters the kitchen, he feels an electric, euphoric feeling in the air—there’s a heavy presence of lay magic inside the room, full and threatening as rain clouds. It’s the most concentrated force of lay magic he’s ever felt. Dean hasn’t even cast a spell, but he can feel the residual energy like a handprint on glass. He gasps at the intensity, fighting the urge to tap into the atmospheric magic and begin casting, but knows that would just contribute to the problem.
“My apologies,” Castiel muttered, and left Alfie to continue pouring, hurrying out to the kitchen, mostly to hide the warmth in his cheeks that he was sure the entire room had witnessed. What on Earth had happened to him? He’d lost his mind at the first glimpse of a pretty face, that’s what. But such a face! And what had the lady named him? Winchester, if he wasn’t mistaken.
Panic settles into his stomach. “Where’s ‘here’?” he asks impatiently, and then adds, “What’s wrong?”
“Uh, yes, sir. The lights come out of the woods and fly around the yard, then are gone by morning. Sometimes the missus leaves milk out for them, like in the old times.” He grinned indulgently, but Winchester pressed on.
"Dean?" Castiel says, and Dean leans back to look up at him through his lashes, exactly the way he knows drives most people wild. Castiel growls slightly, his gaze dark and heated, but takes himself in hand and taps the tip of his cock against Dean's lips.
He can’t share any of these thoughts with Dr. Novak, though, so he blurts out, “Not that I’m okay with that. I mean, creating new spells is dangerous stuff. Reckless, y’know?”
Sam says, “Shut up, Dean. Okay, here it is. It’s, uh… Enochian. The letters look like—let’s see. F. T, maybe? Third one looks like I or Y, then the last one is A.”
Castiel nods. “I’ll find him. Go on, you’d better go.” He leans forward to press his lips to Dean’s, and Dean opens, licking along Castiel’s bottom lip. He pulls back with a grin. “Stop that!”
“Aren’t those sorta…dangerous?” Charlie asks, wrinkling her nose. “It like, requires blood and everything.”
Hours after he left Dean in his classroom, Castiel’s phone buzzes on the kitchen counter. Castiel is still pacing in his bedroom, trying to decide which tie goes better with his dark blue button-down, but when he hears it, he throws the two short-listed ties onto his dresser in disgust, deciding to go without.
“Nice try, Castiel, but no dice.” Crowley produces a glowing black plasma bubble between his hands, passing it from palm to palm as he paces around the outer ward. “You two are the only people in the world who
Sam struggles back to his feet, still frowning. He hates when Dean starts talking about their mom like that, all sad and whatever. It’s unfair that he never knew her, and all he wants is to know more, even though it hurts. All he’s got is what Dean and Dad have told him, and that’s not much.
“No, I don’t think so, guppy. You managed to bring me the amulet, which means you get to keep your freedom, but I still need you to do something for me, which means I need to bring something of yours.” He gestured to Dean, then turned and swam off.
He grabs leftover pizza from the fridge and heads back to the living room, settling in front of the TV and opening his laptop to do a little work.
The seating plan had Dean several seats down from Castiel, which he couldn’t decide if he was grateful for or petulant about. He wanted his friend’s company, of course, but after the incident earlier, perhaps it was better to leave him be. Castiel had left the pond in such a hurry, he clearly didn’t want to talk. But Dean did feel his gaze many times throughout the meal, and planned to snag a seat beside him as the men moved on with Balthazar to the drawing room for port.
Hello and welcome back! Thank you all so much for your kind words about this story—we've loved every theory, every comment, every squeal.You guys are amazing.
An image comes to him of Dean standing at the table at the Mana Bar, that magician's hands all over him. He knows Dean has a reputation at the university as a player, that he’s had plenty of partners before Castiel came along. But he’d been so sure that what they have—what they
A few days later, Dean wakes up before his alarm. He’s just had a nightmare, one he can’t seem to remember. There’s no sunlight filtering in through the window, which either means it’s ungodly early, or it’s another stormy day in Palo Alto. Maybe both.
Castiel blinked honey-slow, dazed and sweet and sluggish, and Dean had to fight down a laugh as Castiel caught himself right before he mistepped, almost throwing off the dance.
When Castiel’s oily fingers stroked over Dean’s hole, he moaned lowly. This is what he’d been waiting for. The few times he’d done this—once at a molly house, and another time very quietly in a certain other gentleman’s chambers after a card party—had been pleasurable, so he was sure he’d enjoy it, but something about being this intimate with
"Not the first time I've been called that, but no." He points towards Cas. "You're my witch. You invited me in, and I quickened your powers, and you unlocked my shift. That means we're bonded, buddy." He spits the last word out, his annoyance clear.
Evidently he’s continuing their group conversation from the dining room, which is cool with Dean. “Yeah,” he says in agreement. “I almost got to, but I chickened out at the last second and missed out.”
Next chapter: Some more coven revelations, and Cas tries to adjust to his life as a witch. Results may vary.
Castiel chuckled close to Dean’s ear, pressing a quick kiss beneath it. “But would he really betray us, do you think? He could come and visit, if he’d agree to go again and leave us be.”
Sam holds up a hand to stop Rosco coming closer. “Wait! Have you seen what's in here? The Seal—it's not—just please, let me tell my brother about this. Then I’ll do whatever you want.”
Alfie dried his hands, then smoothed a hand over his hair carefully and disappeared from the kitchen, thanking Castiel at least a dozen times. His excitement was infectious—as Castiel got back to work serving tea and loading plates with slices and biscuits, he hummed to himself. Young love was a wonderous thing. He was glad for Alfie’s sake that he would be able to pursue it openly.
The building before them was lit up with gas lamps outside, and every window seemed filled with candles or oil lamps. The foyer was bustling enough with gentlemen from all over the city, but as they were shown through to the gaming and drinking spaces upstairs, the air became close and the crowds closer.
Dean catches him by grabbing the arm nearest to him, and Cas looks over into his worried face. “C’mon, Cas, let’s get you home.”
The conversation returns to safer topics afterwards, which Anna is thankful for. The kitchen cleanup doesn’t take long, with Dean casting a handful of useful charms over the dirty dishes. Then they take their drinks into the living room, conversation still flowing easily enough. But something is nagging Anna in the back of her mind, and she sits in an armchair and crosses her legs, leaning over to talk to Castiel.
Castiel moved around the tightly stuffed burlap sack in the training room of number 12 Sackville Street, his feet dancing to a rhythm his mind wasn’t quite hearing. His wrapped fists stung with the force of his blows, but he paid the pain no mind—he wanted it, needed to take his mind off his insufferable partner.
Castiel smiled again, somewhat sadly this time. He deposited his own glass on the nearest surface before answering, obviously stalling. “I understand if this is hard to hear, Dean. I apologize in advance, but...the marriage must still go ahead.” He grimaced, finally looking back to Dean as he continued in a rush. “I hoped that my mother’s scheming to find me a wife would end when I went abroad, but she continued to press me to find a suitor. Meg is a dear friend—I do love her, and she loves me in return, but our relationship is an unusual one.”
Cas gives the dog a sad sort of smile and reaches up to let it sniff at his hand before he tries to pat it. Its fur, despite looking uneven and a dirty sort of brown, is surprisingly soft, and Cas scratches behind its ears. The dog gives a contented wuff, and leans into Cas’ petting.
Azazel? Sam's right, the guy should be here gloating by now. He's still not sure why they're still heading
Castiel’s fingers curled into the fabric of Dean’s bicep, and Dean could have cried with relief at the tiny motion. Two close calls in one evening was more than enough for a lifetime.
“Just seeing if Charlie is around. I haven’t seen her since she took off with that friend of hers.” He takes a mouthful of cider and swallows with a loud lip smack and an “ahh.” “I hope they’re having fun, wherever they are.”
“I need your help to find it.” Castiel leans over and brushes his fingers over the back of Dean’s hand, sending a warm jolt of magic into him that he hopes is laced with his intent. Dean pulls his hand back with a jerk, a soft “oh” on his lips. He closes his laptop, getting to his feet as well, and follows Castiel away from their shared table towards the stacks.
He scrubs every inch of his skin until he remembers that this water is most likely coming from a tank, and shuts it off again quickly. The towel hanging in the bathroom smells a little dusty—but he guesses Castiel doesn't get many guests these days. He digs around in his pack and finds his shaving kit as well, removing the scruff from several days on the run.
Dean puts his hand on Castiel's knee with a small squeeze, leaning his head on Castiel's shoulder as the girls move towards the window. "Can you believe it's New Year already, Cas? Seems just yesterday you were sassing me in your office on that first day."
Sam’s standing by the bookshelves—he must have been checking out Castiel’s library already. He grins. “It’s good to see you two together again, though. No offense Dean, but your magic was starting to get rank.”
Dean slumps into her arms, finally letting his frustration and panic to the surface. He says quietly by her ear, “Missouri, I didn’t mean to summon anything—”
A sharp agony erupted deep within his tail and shot downwards to his fins. Unable to cry out, he turned desperately away from Crowley, looking for his brother.
Pam's grin doesn't fall as she nods gently. She says, with all the authority of a proclamation, "What's a girl gotta do to get a drink around here?"
Dean draws a breath, then lets it out again. He tries to infuse his words with a bravado he isn't feeling. “Come on, it's gonna be fine. We're strong together—even you on your own could work miracles, Cas. We’ve got this.”
“Oh, okay. Right,” Dean says, disappointment joining his worry. “You guys gonna be okay?” He can hear Claire coughing in the background.
When Cas nods, Dean mutters, “Fuck. Demon." He glances around, then says, "One sec.” He turns to the lady he'd been dancing with, murmuring something close to her ear. She nods, smiling, and Cas' chest clenches in an unpleasant way. Then Dean turns away and heads to the back of the room.
. Dean smiles tightly, still looking anxious, and Castiel’s heart flip-flops in his chest. He can’t wait until this is all over so he can kiss his boyfriend silly, but for now, he raises his hands and waits for Dean to do the same. They begin with the hand movements for their original manifestation spell—Castiel’s palms facing each other, then moving together and rotating at the wrist while his fingers interlock. He and Dean move their palms apart again and the lay magic is released, manifesting the magic above the Seal warding runes.
"Hold still," Castiel mutters, concentrating on starting a slow gathering of energy towards his hands. He can’t feel any fracture in Dean’s ribs—that doesn’t mean there isn’t one, but he can help with the pain for now. He closes his eyes, feeling the familiar tingle in his hands as he places them either side of Dean’s shoulder, front and back.
He reluctantly lets the energy go, allows Dean to draw it back and away. As his vision returns to normal, Dean’s bright aura fades, and arcs of lightning crackle down over the outside of their clothes.
Next chapter: Cas meets the Coven and gets some questions answered. If you'd like to tell me what questions you'd like answered, I'm all ears! :)
He takes his time in the bathroom, washing his hands and staring up at his reflection in the mirror. God, he looks fucking awful. When’s the last time he drank something that wasn’t whiskey, or ate something that couldn’t be bought in a vending machine?
Dean let the newspaper fall to the table. “He avoids speaking to me. Then he turned up his nose when he caught me with Miss Braeden.”
“Oh, definitely don’t ask, Samuel,” Dean advised, shaking his head dramatically. “Really, never ask me that kind of thing.”
Dean rolls his eyes, trying to get a firm grip on Sam's arm. "Course you can. C'mon, we talked about this already, remember? I didn't drag you all this way just to fucking leave you behind, okay? Get up."
Dean lay his cards on the table with a flourish. “There you have it, gentlemen. I believe that’s the winning hand.”
Castiel shakes his head, looking over at Sam's disgusted expression. Another betrayal, but this time not so surprising, he guesses. He notices Charlie behind Sam. She’s still sitting on the floor, her head back in her hands, but he’s distracted from worrying about her when Rowena continues talking.
“Castiel wasn’t allowed on campus, so the illusion was necessary for him to attend graduation,” Anna explains, her voice measured.
Dean feels like an anchor has been dropped inside his stomach. He wishes to god that Benny had never brought up that stupid inside joke—for whatever reason, “ribs” had been their codeword for having a quickie in the bathroom stall of whatever bar they were camped out at.
TCB: I can’t even convey how much I’ll miss this story. “Magic bfs” is the nickname we gave this fic, by the way. Which was always sort of ironic, considering it took them like...80, 90k to be actual boyfriends? Lol ANYWAYS. In order to say thanks to all our wonderful readers who've stuck with us all the way, here's a special holiday epilogue chapter to finish things off! We hope your holiday season is warm and wonderful and full of love. (Especially of the Destiel variety.)
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel mumbles, hands low on Dean’s hips, lips brushing Dean’s neck. “How was your day?”
At first, he’d assumed the ritual hadn’t worked, that they’d pulled too much energy and Cas had either been blasted back to his own realm, or into nothingness. Dean had been devastated to realize that he would probably never know.
Before long, Dean’s voice comes from the front of the room. "Okay, time’s up! And actually, that's all we've got for today. There's no particular work to hand in for this week, but I'd like to see some thought and planning put in for your essay, please."
Dean huffs, grabbing another pair of jeans from the closet and popping the button on his dirty pair.
The footman had been right about one thing; it was ungodly hot, and Dean reached up to tug away his neckcloth and unbutton his waistcoat, in the end bundling them both up in his hand with his hat. A valet could fix them for him later; right then all he cared for was a little breeze across his throat and to ease the beading sweat that trickled across his chest and back.
Dean sits back a little on Cas’ lap to give himself better access to Cas’ belt as he continues to kiss him, then fumbles with the button on his jeans until Cas pushes his hands away with a huff.
Dean detoured down the side of the Winchester home, heading for the back door. He’d hate to think what his father might think about him bringing in random strangers—he hoped by coming in the back door, he’d avoid meeting either him or Sam. He was relieved to find only Ellen in the kitchen, in the midst of preparing an evening meal.
Dean gave a little shrug. “Don’t tell my brother, but I think what we just did is one activity I prefer even over bacon.”
“Those two are thick as thieves, I’m sure. Ion is practically unbeatable at cards, any game you choose.”
“Maybe, maybe,” Gabriel replied, swaying a little in place. Dean gripped his elbow and guided him over to stand under an open window, hoping the fresher air might revive him. “He seemed put out.”
Dean had taken some freshly brewed fever tea to Sam again, and he returns with the half-full pot and cup just as Cas is spooning the stew into a couple of bowls for them.
“Nothing, my dear Captain. Just minor housekeeping before we can begin.” Crowley’s voice is oily and sweet and entirely suspicious.
“Spit it out, Cas,” Dean says as he pulls into his apartment complex’s parking area. “There’s a plan B?”
He’s known this moment might come, but he isn’t ready for the butterflies in his chest as he clears his throat. “Dean, maybe you could go with him part of the way.”
Dean watched as Castiel reappeared once more, his strong, lithe form stepping between the tables with a plate of the fresh biscuits they’d been smelling. Following the long lines of him between the seats as he weaved across the room, Dean missed what Charlie said next.
Dean bites his lip, eyelashes fluttering downward as he thinks. Is it against heaven rules to acknowledge that you’re in heaven? More importantly, does Dean really care? The angel squad—or whatever the hell they identify as—must’ve known what they were getting themselves into when they let him through the gates.
The rest of the dancers had stopped now and were standing nearby, whispering among themselves as they took in the argument.
But he was walking! On two feet, like a human! He took a moment to marvel at his transformation, looking down at the way his new feet sunk slightly into the sand.
“There’s a new owner now, actually,” Dean said, carefully not confirming either way. “I think yesterday was the opening day. Charlie was very pleased to see that the Reading Room is remaining open—she was explaining it to me, apparently the clientele are encouraged to write on the books, or some such thing.”
Cas doesn’t turn around as Dean walks across the grass towards him. He doesn’t even turn to look at him as he stands nearby, keeping a distance between them this time.
Dean ran from the kitchen, his heartbeat thudding in his ears as he careened back down the hall to the Reading Room. Alfie had shut the double doors that led into it when he left, and as he crashed into them, Dean found them stuck—or barred. Another sharp run at them with his shoulder had the chair that blocked them cracking its legs and skittering away across the floor, admitting him to the hazy room on the other side.
“Vacant farmland in Illinois,” the Captain says, voice a little tight, and Dean’s eyebrows shoot up.
Dean looks down at his mud-streaked jeans and sweaty shirt—they’d discarded their coveralls for washing near the laundry door, earlier. He sighs, nodding as he trudges off towards the downstairs bathroom.
“Good!” Adler booms, turning back to the rest of the department. “Very well then, that's all for today.” He constructs a small pull spell and shoots it towards a pen on a desk in front of him. The pen stills in its scribbled note-taking, then both pen and notebook fly precisely through the air and into Adler's hand. “Enjoy the rest of your week, people.” As the staff start to stand and shuffle out, he adds, “Don't forget the welcome dinner on Friday night!”
Not for the first time, Castiel wondered whether Mr Adler, his uncle’s caretaker, had even bothered having the place cleaned since he’d taken over.
Standing once again as their host graciously welcomed them, Winchester surprised Castiel by being unexpectedly polite. "Allow me to introduce a colleague of mine—Castiel, Lord Milton."
As Castiel reaches the kitchen doorway he pauses, taking in Dean humming to himself as he stands in front of the stove, something sizzling in a pan in front of him.
“It's fine, Cas. He's sleeping. Or would you rather I let you alone now? You've shown me around all day, I should probably—”
Castiel walks over to the nearest of the dead Croats, a blonde woman with a puddle of blood beneath her head. Her eyes stare upwards towards the sky. Castiel shudders, but calls to Dean, “Help me move these?”
been thinking that Sam had let him down lately, but hearing his brother say anything negative about himself makes Dean riled up and defensive. Nobody talks bad about Sam except him. It’s basically in the big brother handbook. “Sammy—”
“A few.” Castiel smile is small, humble and unassuming. “Still, nothing like the group you’ve established. You’re very lucky, Dean.”
He looked over at Cas, wet hair curling at the back of his neck as they walked. This language barrier was torture—Dean wanted more than anything to talk to Cas, understand where he’d come from and what his plans were for the future, because after that kiss? He suddenly wanted a whole lot more of them.
, longer at first, then taller. It stands up on its hind legs, fur replaced with smooth, freckled skin.
A cool breeze is blowing up the valley, making the hair on the back of Dean's neck stand on end. There are clouds on the horizon—dark, heavy clouds, the first he's seen for weeks that haven't been tiny wisps. A flash of lightning catches his eye. He can't tell if the storm is coming towards them—even if the breeze is blowing this way, that doesn't mean the clouds are.
“You know what this man is responsible for, Hannah,” Rachel continued. “He’s corrupting the young minds of Cheltenham, mama says so!”
Interesting. Castiel quirked a grin. So he could wear what humans perceived as “women’s” clothing underneath his outer layers, and no one would be the wiser? Until later tonight, that was. He looked forward to that.
Dean glances at him in surprise, then out at the rest of the group. Castiel follows his gaze to see Sam, Anna and Crowley staring at them, open-mouthed and unmoving.
“Yeah, Bobby said something the other night that got me wondering just how many lay magicians there are who want a better life, y’know? Apart from those a-holes who’ve been murdering people, of course.”
"He calls me 'Dad' though, if you were wondering about earlier. His mom and dad, they...they aren't around." A cloud seems to pass across his face and he looks away towards where the kids are starting to line up on the stage.
They walk to the D mostly in silence, partly because the wind is blowing too loudly for conversation, partly because Dean’s anger is stewing. He’s not sure how Sam can act
. They do have chemistry, and she teaches yoga three times a week at an off-campus studio, so he imagines she’s amazing in bed. But there’s not really a palpable spark between them, no heat, no passion…
Castiel had no choice but to follow, sure he was about to witness the girl’s gruesome death, but instead, she pulled a small flintlock out of her reticule, cocked it, and fired into the smokey apparition. It rotated, seeming to move towards and regard Becky for a moment, then it lunged for her. Becky shrieked briefly before the smoke poured itself down her throat.
Dean took Castiel’s hand, holding him close by. “I know we have only been at this a short time, but the time I've shared with you…This summer has been like some kind of dream I do not wish to be woken from. I want to ask you to wait for me to return, but how can I? I cannot offer you any assurances.”
“Cas…” Dean’s voice is a whine, sounding a little impatient—but he can’t help it. He needs those lips back on his.
He nods his head and grunts, not dignifying Crowley with a response, and they follow him out the nearest exit. Charlie is biting her lip and sending Dean worried glances, but he tries to send her back a reassuring smile—he’ll get her out of this. He’ll find Sam. Cas'll come and back him up. Anna and her coven will help them take control of the situation. Everything will be fine.
“Please,” Dean said, bowing low and graceful, “do excuse me. I must take my leave of you all for a moment. I’m certain such fine young ladies will have no lack of company, however.”
Just as he gathered up the shell box and replaced it in his satchel, he heard the swish of a tailfin swimming through the tunnel entrance.
