“What did you do?” He asks, craning his neck to look back at Gabriel. Sam looks different, peaceful, something Dean hasn't witnessed his brother experience during sleep, not since Lucifer started invading his dreams, masquerading as dead lovers and friends. There's no stiffness in his brother, just liquid relaxation and calm, like the horizon just before the sun dips below its line.
“Please,” he begs, looking into Gabriel's gold-toned eyes, “Please help us.” The angel stares at him, unreadable, but Dean knows every option is being weighed, every measure of his being, his soul, examined. There's a familiar look there, not pity, maybe not quite understanding, but a
“This is what it will feel like, Dean.” Cas wears him,
“I’m hungover.” One step back, two. “I’m really, really hungover and I’m going to get something greasy and disgusting to eat now.” The lake doesn’t answer when he turns back toward the house, going in only for his keys. He drives away, the warning from the letter loud in his ears.
There—the shuddering draw of breath—faint, but present. The man’s heart beats. Dean draws his hand back, hesitant to touch anymore, to take any more, but when his fingers glide across slick, pebbled flesh instead of yielding human skin, he can’t help but look.
Castiel’s lungs burn. Not the pleasant hum of being pushed too hard during a run, steps pounding faster than blood can stream; no, this is the grate of skin against pavement, rocks against the blade of a knife.
As it always happens with Dean Winchester, just before things fall the fuck apart, he finds hope that it might all be ok, after all.
“You'll have no control, Dean,” His mouth says, frowning around the words. He looks regretful, eyebrows pulling down, guilt painted at his temples.
Shower still running, beating a tattoo into the bottom of the tub, he steps out, water coursing down soaked skin, though he pays it no mind. He looks into the mirror again, wiping the steam from its cool face, and grips the sides of the sink before lifting the skin of his top lip into a sneer-smile, though his eyes are still cast down because as long as they remain glued to the drain, this isn’t happening, this isn’t real and he is still ok. Fucked-up, but
uses Sam like a pawn. Neither side. The threat is the last thing he hears before waves crash in his ears, obliterating everything else but the sound of circular, rolling motion, and then he's coming back to himself, shouting the last few words of a rant.
Castiel knows Dean must be seeing him, too, the life lived and the lives lost. Because though his heart beats and his lungs continue their forever in-out repeat pattern, he’s not living. Hasn’t for awhile, not when Finn is just out of reach; flitting through the back of his mind, caressing the tip of his tongue, keeping cold the ice in his heart.
“Now,
“You've lost your wings, Castiel.” The man crosses his legs now and scoots a little closer, hand resting on the back of the bench. He reaches a hand up, dappled sunlight half-blocked by the surrounding trees shining on it like splattered paint, and presses rough fingertips to the god's lips. There is a gold ring on his index finger. Castiel's nervous system, or his vessel's, really, sends electricity to nerves that wait for a response, for body to follow mind and in this case to back away, teeth gnashing. But nothing happens. He is still and the man keeps touching, moving his fingers down to cup Castiel's chin before letting it drop back into his lap.
“Took for what?”
“I'm on whatever team you are, Dean.”
that he gasps out loud, a sob echoing through his chest like a phantom heartbeat.
“I was losing,” tears now, thick voice, hot salt down cheeks. Dean licks it up, tongue curling before caressing Cas', groaning at how well they fit together. “And then he was locked away and I was brought back.” Cas grips Dean's face, awe and disbelief thick, making the words almost unintelligible.
“Can I show you something, Dean?”
her name tag glares at him, cockeyed, from the left side of her chest) refills it and he hovers over it a moment, allowing the fragrant steam to rise over his cheeke like the lightest of kisses, lips barely parted.
“You were never so delicious before, Dean.” He holds a hand out, water dripping, painting the dock a darker shade of grey in miniscule explosions.
, just like old days but better because he can't betray himself. He doesn't stop for air, barely cleans his knives before sinking them into new targets.
“It's called guilt, Gabriel.” Then, a laugh, long, hysterical. “You're feeling guilt for the one time it wasn't your fault.” His takes Dean's hand, fits it easily under his longer fingers. “It figures.” Dean thinks of trying to keep up, of paying attention, but lets himself drift instead. Cas isn't there.
“Now I have a reason to be grateful to your Dad,” he says, not quite able to keep a straight face.
Dean ices over, features hardening into a mask. “I know exactly what we're up against, Cas.” He looks to his brother, who gives him a small nod of encouragement. “We can't sit around and wait for the world to end.”
, sensations he thought had abandoned him entirely.
The Bay View diner is worn. The booths are a muted red, faded from years of sitting in the sun. The counters wear the mark of years gone by, millions of elbows resting in the same places, subtle grooves that are evident from the corner where Castiel sits, looking at a menu he’s seen in countless other roadside restaurants. But the coffe is good and the smell is of sweet pancakes and smoky grease. His mouth waters and he calls the waitress over, a woman who probably talks to everyone like they’re her kids, though she doesn't look his age, even. He’d raised his eyebrow at the ‘honey,’ she’d given him upon entering, but her smile was genuine, though there was something else there, a flicker of emotion too quick for him to catch, even if he cared to.
to sit in the front seat while Dad was salting some poor bastard's bones.” He closes his eyes, lets the memory drift over him.
in, not when it's a question of other people getting hurt.
When they can't stall anymore, Dean and Sam hug Bobby and help him finish the last sweeps of protective spells and salt, then the anti-angel sigils painted on the walls. Together, Gabriel and Castiel abandon their vessels, leaving them in a stasis on an upstairs bedroom. Dean doesn't say aloud just how sharply his world tilts when the light in Cas' vessel goes out, when he falls in a heap back onto the bed. But a moment later he's curling somewhere near Dean's neck, filling the empty space he'd felt since the angel had left his body last night. Dean and Sam step outside together. Without a word, Sam pulls him into a hug, telegraphing all that he can't say through the embrace.
“Shh, Impala. It's alright.”
“Holy shit, Cas,” Dean breathes, and Castiel catches sight of his hands as he tries to sit up.
He doesn't fall asleep. Angel's can't dream, can't rest the way humans do but maybe he goes into a trance because the next thing he knows is the soft, careful glide of a hand sifting through his feathers, straightening what he's been to apathetic to groom. It's like flying, like Dean's hands are mimicking wind as they move around him and support his weight. But it also pulls at something within, a deep ache that traps breath in his throat.
“I'm okay,” he tells the empty house, though he doubts it believes him. Not the bland white walls or the worn-down floor or the generic furniture that holds no personality, that tells him nothing of an uncle who ignored him until death, until he was read a last will and testament.
It thinks, maybe it’s done. Maybe the need will be quenched by this ache of a person, by the grief that hangs around him like the shroud of a widower. It sees the changes, anyway; the glow of eyes like a cat in the dark, and teeth that show the savagery of the animal just beneath. Castiel was like It before It’d ever laid a hand on the human, anyway.
There is no place to start, so he just begins.
, like the moon slipping in front of the sun during a solar eclipse. His light is fading and Castiel shudders as the screams wash over him, twisted calls of monsters and his human mixed, bleeding into one. He can only watch as the sun goes down on the human trapped in his body, as the soul slips under the surface and falls away entirely, absorbed.
he says, finally. He can say it, isn't afraid of anything anymore because he knows, now, what it is to really lose, to do so without having said the only important thing, the only thing worth saying. And Cas says it back, combs through him , filling and completing, bridging gaps until they're extensions of each other and both feel its permanence. Cas is safety and assurance and a steady, blistering love. Dean is loyalty and passion and companionship. He surrounds himself in Cas, not quite sure if this is real, knows it will be the end of him if it isn't.
The reaching hand meets dry digits, grasps them and pulls himself onto the dock, splayed out for the human to see.
a shared burden.
Castiel stops when he reaches where their bodies would have been. Copper tangs its sick sweet melody in his nose, flashes of the past flickering behind his eyes. The splash behind him, quiet ripples hitting the shore, don't distract him from the past as it mixes with his own loss, a grip that crushes him, a cigarette still smoking under fingers snubbing it out. He sits, half on his folded legs, ignoring the discomfort of the sandpaper-faced rocks beneath. Eyes remain dry as he stares into the emptiness before him, a choking emptiness unfolding in his heart. It's too much, a sea to drown in and he can't—if he lets it devour him, there's no coming back. But that doesn't stop him from laying his cheek down to the ground, pressing it in hard, curling his fingers into the dirt, gravel slipping beneath his nails. He breathes. He breathes in and out and somewhere in between one moment and the next the deep cycle turns rough, sobs that he doesn't want to admit come from him.
Dean thinks. “I'd probably be Lucifer's bitch right now if you had. But it's not fair, what Dad asked of you. He made you trade your life for mine.
That's all it takes, five words repeated, for Dean to break, to eliminate the space between them, to pull Cas into an embrace so tight the edge of a knife couldn't fit between them. It's like his heart was outside of his chest, held by Cas and now, with the angel's fingers on his jaw, he can feel it seeping back in.
You don't look at a total stranger this way.
“Yes.”
His mouth is open, questions forming, even as he backs further into the water.
“He did what you did to me,” Dean cocks his head at Cas, squinting, adding, silently,
Dean now, the beauty of the creature that used to be human, the danger of him like a knife glinting in moonlight. He wonders, if he weren’t so far gone, would he find Dean disgusting? Because all he knows now is broad, muscled symmetry, a dusting of freckles across a high-bridged nose and eyes that shimmer like they’ve got stars buried in their depths, earth and sky merged into a spider web of beauty made to trap Castiel, to hold him hostage as those lips, full, soft, open and the danger behind them is revealed.
“Here's your check,” she whispers, sliding a thin piece of paper across the table. Her nails are bitten-down, red at the cuticle where slivers of old polish remain. He looks down at his plate. His eggs have gone cold.
that?”
“Heaven. We're in Heaven.” Hands on his hips now, reaching for a weapon he doesn't have.
"I'm suicidal?" Dean pastes a smile on, then remembers he should be smirking. He corrects the misstep. "They don't fuck with my family, Sammy," he says, looking at anything but the overgrown extension of his own genetics. His brother doesn't say anything, doesn't even tell Dean not to call him Sammy. Things are quiet after that, Sam on his computer, the steady clack of keys taking the place of conversation but feeling comforting nonetheless. Eventually Dean decides a shower is in order; he announces such to Sam and heads to the bathroom, turning the water on as hot as it goes, thinking that maybe this time, just maybe, he'll be able to scour himself entirely clean. With clothes still on, he stares into his own reflection until the steam obscures it, though the nothing it covers his features with are pretty much identical to what he sees in himself now. It's so obvious, the lack in him, the great gaping place where his goodness used to be that he wonders sometimes how he can fool people, how he isn't approached by strangers on the street wondering how he can still be alive with all of his insides gone. He's always been good at pretending to be alright. He just never knew how good until after he was pulled from the pit.
And maybe he wouldn’t feel so bad about that, would give in to the sweet release of his own last breath, but not at the expense of another. Not when he’s done something so foul his stomach gnashes at his ribs, a constant ache of guilt in his chest so heavy he’s not sure how he can still float. He’s made a monster out of an innocent; taken grief and twisted it into the cold blade of revenge, of hatred. He’s not that man.
And when he can't take it anymore, when he's threatened by the reverberation of his own feelings, he hears a reed-thin voice that calls out in desperation.
“I will,” he replies, though before he can finish Dean's fist connects with his mouth. He doesn't feel the give there, but he does see a few teeth clatter to the ground, leaving drooling paths of blood down the devil's face. His response is immediate and brutal, kicks and punches that level Dean, send him into the wall at least ten feet behind. Some of the plaster comes off with him as he lands. Cas gets him up shakily, carefully, allowing weaknesses to be targeted, assessed. He's not completely straight before he's rocked back, head going through plaster this time. Dean knows he agreed to this, knows he suggested it but can't help want to free himself, shake off the shackles of Cas' control and lay waste to the devil. He doesn't know if Cas feels this, can't think straight with the anxiety and fear that build in him. He doesn't care about his own life, has forfeited it enough times already, but he can't bear to see Cas hurt. He's being blocked, denied access to the angel's emotions and grace.
Doesn't matter now. He raises the slightly lumpy joint to his mouth and lights it, breathing in the heady smoke wastes no time in its conquest of his mind. It eases in, helped by the first swig of whiskey that burns hot in his throat. The fire is a promise of misery and retching tomorrow, but the effects will be sweet enough tonight. He stands, shucking off his light jacket with the blunt between his teeth. He sucks in too long and fights the urge to cough, lungs fighting to be rid of the sticky smoke. It catches on his shirtsleeves, but a few insistent wrenches and the jacket is abandoned, crumpling onto the couch in a forgotten ball. His hand grasps the cool metal of the door when the letter on the end table catches his attention again, a glance down that leaves him curious. Wondering. It's thick between his fingers, like old-time parchment paper. He steps outside, into cooling air that doesn't feel so much like a slow drown anymore, and sits on a painted-white bench he hadn't noticed before. It creaks, but holds him well enough. Another mouthful of whiskey, another wince at the taste and it's time to read the letter. The last drag of weed curls from his mouth, arching this way and that as it disperses into the night sky; he slits the seal of the envelope with his index finger and squints at the words, trying to bring them into focus.
And then he's alone inside, empty and desolate, a shell. There's a clatter in front of him, Lucifer, shock and horror filtering across his face as his legs give and he falls to his knees heavily. There's a sword coming through the front of his chest, then a spreading stain, the weep of blood. Sam stands behind him, both hands gripped tight on the hilt of the weapon, teeth bared as he twists it, making a sick wet squelching sound.
Castiel wants to say, and in the distance a part of the Righteous man burns brighter, a searing halo cast from his shoulder; the angel's hand burns.
His lip curls up at the thought, a quick little snarl and a jagged-warm feeling of vindication as curls around his stomach. He was the rebel, the outcast, the
It doesn't sound like the angel's talking about the entirety of the human population anymore. He's looking at Dean, eyes moving back and forth, skipping from eye to eye like he's searching for something, like Dean's hiding something he needs to know. Dean feels open, like he's laid out naked in a surgery theater and there's only one onlooker, but they're pinning him down with the strength of a gaze.
Sam isn't in the panic room. His been laid out on a bed upstairs in Bobby's house, body curled in on itself. His fetal position hearkens back to innocence, to youth before all this when they weren't vessels or hunters but children, safe in a world where nothing that went bump in the night was any of their business. At first because he is so still, Dean thinks Sam is dead, that the expressionless ease on his face has been placed there by a reaper's cool hand. A frantic second later there's a strong thrum of the carotid artery under his fingers, steady and even. The relief makes his shoulders droop and he half-falls into Sam, choking on laughter that cloaks fear.
and now everyone will get on their knees and show him their backs, their vulnerable shells and he'll
It's handwriting he knows, though not well. The same that had greeted him when he'd first entered the cottage. His uncle's. But the delicate paper, held lightly between the pads of his fingers has no message. Only gibberish, words that make no sense upon first, second and third examination. He lets go and it falls heavy to the ground, useless. It can't help him. It can't help anything. The decision he comes to isn't hard. It's a snap, a sharp click of finality that settles over him like the sun casting its hazy beams. He is going to pretend nothing ever happened. He is going to get up from the floor (knees cracking, hand stinging, has to get the first-aid kit for the splinters) and take a shower and a nap and forget about the green-eyed man. Monster.
he tries, but his mouth is sewn shut, useless. His lake of calm has been disturbed, ripples fanning out, his unrest bubbling to the surface.
Every inch of Dean is screaming. Funny enough that his echo Sam's breath for breath, though Dean's don't slip past clenched vocal cords. He goes against every instinct (blood calls to blood,
“I've never seen you cry before.”
“Little brother,” he chides. “You're not even an archangel and you try to come up against
He could lose himself to this kiss. He could allow his grace to surge out and encompass the human (
“Look like you've seen a ghost, bro.”
Sam comes back. Dean keeps from shouting, from hating the part of himself that was convinced his brother would never return, would abandon him for good. They're shaky at first, tentative in a way that's wrong and uncomfortable, but backs have been stabbed, bridges burnt and now they're just trying to hold onto one another before the world falls apart.
Castiel replies, grace fluttering with sadness that leaves Dean gasping, heart splitting with emotion his body can't handle. Castiel fills him too much, overflows his senses, his everything.
The angel smiles with his mouth, makes him look young and innocent in a way he's never been able to pull off. Then he calls up a host of images, licks and touches, hands moving with lust, nips and bites, things done behind closed doors and Dean understands that this is
“He'll come back when he remembers?”
Turning around on numb feet, Castiel finds a familiar face hovering in the darkness. Dean rides easily, body rolling with the horse's momentum, until his gaze falls on the bodies in front of him. He jerks the reigns unconsciously and the horse rears, front hoofs coming off the ground. Dean doesn't seem to care, swings his leg (short, sturdy, no scales in sight) over the beast's side and jumps down, racing to his wife and daughter. He doesn't hesitate to pull them both to his chest, blood smearing across his shirt and face, mouth open in horror, whimpers and heavy breath spilling into the night air.
“We're not on earth,” Cas says, preemptively shutting him up. He's also ahead of the game for next one. “It's just a quiet place I like to go.”
She brings him coffee with his menu and he reads her name tag. Robin. After a few minutes of staring blankly at the same spot on the plasticized menu, rubbing at a boiled spot where it had been too close to a burner, or maybe a lighter, she comes back and he orders.
"Yeah?" He holds himself still, refuses to back away, even though the proximity to the man's face Castiel wears is too close for comfort, especially when the eyes make contact and stare IN, too deeply, like a scientist looking through a microscope.
Without a backward glance, Dean glides away, each movement like the curve a snake's boneless back.
He doesn't know what to do with himself. He can't help Sam, can't reach into his blood and pull out the taint, the guilty itch that's been scratched, over and over. He can't stay near, offering comforting words because Sam's anguish is suffocating, sets his teeth on edge and makes something inside clench so hard he's afraid he'll give himself a heart attack. So he does nothing, is useless, standing alone in the dark.
“You're not supposed to want someone like me,” He says, the first true thing he can think of. It hurts, saying it, acknowledging it out loud, but it's how he feels, what he thinks every time he's intimate with Cas, every time he's not enveloped in the angel's forgiving grace.
He can still see the old man, spittle that collected in the corners of dry, cracked lips, the cold fingers as they brushed where his heart should be.
that came out of you. I mean, yeah, the car did buck a little, but come on, man. And when I jumped over you, pushed you into the passenger's seat, you looked like you were going to
“I’m hallucinating now,” he mumbles, shaking his head. The words are chalk-dry, bitten off. The man rises on slightly-bowed legs, a soft moan escaping as the disks of his back crack and realign after sitting so long. Broad back turned, the man freezes at the sound of something behind him.
now. Gabriel's hitting too close to the tender mark in his chest and Castiel wants him gone. “Your witness protection was working so well.”
“But you know someone that can,” he tries, unsure of whether a wild guess in the form of a bluff will fool the angel.
But right now, Dean has the upper hand. He's always been good with empathy, with
Dean's eyes narrow, fire behind the iris.
way. “You think you've seen me broken?” He doesn't want to admit to the past, to bare the flesh of his humiliation in front of Gabriel and Sam, but push is coming to shove. “If Sam gets locked away in that cage down there, I will know everything he'll go through.” He focuses on the floor, talks to it instead of the audience he's acquired.
Cas moves his face better these days, can imitate and maybe even understand the expressions that match his words. So when sadness wrinkles his forehead and helplessness drifts through the hand still connected to Dean, he already has his answer.
Dean asks, and though he says it to himself, he knows Cas will hear. And then he won't have to ask, even if he craves the answer, the
Nothing, no response, but there's a shift in him, a stretching, the sweet burn of something shaking itself out, straining every muscle before settling back in. It's not an option to be nervous because Cas is right there, in every cell and membrane, his entity laid out over Dean's. And he can feel it, the way he feels like home to Cas, though he can't believe it. How can he remind anyone of heaven, especially a being that's been there? Nevertheless, the intermingling of grace and soul calms Cas, brews peace, straining out the worry he has for Dean.
, not in spite of Dean that he'd gotten as much as he did. He'd been the sacrificial lamb, the one to stay behind and support their father, though neither would ever admit its necessity.
But with each shudder, each hitch and hot-streaked tear that falls from him, Castiel gets lighter. Hands unclench and the straining muscles of his back relax. He sighs into the ground, eyes sticky with sand, burning as he tries not to dig the heels of his hands in to scratch. Hands and knees work better than legs at the moment, so he crawls toward the bank of the lake and only thinks better of it once before plunging forward. The water opens its arms and brushes his skin like a lover, clearing the sand and his eyes. It's cool against naked skin, clothes forgotten, shame left behind like a book forgotten on a bus. He allows himself to sink, the pleading of his lungs for air only a mild discomfort, something to forget for a moment while he pretends nothing exists.
“We'll see,” the god says.
“I've seen a lot lately,” he says through stiff lips, avoiding the gold haze of Gabriel's laughing eyes. A hand, smaller than his own slides down his cheek and he
“It's time for some change, Castiel.” God lowers his hands to pull the angel into a hug, the being who had tried to do what was best for heaven in his absence and had been pulled apart for it.
stays with him, a fact that only deepens the slice of the souls as they filter out through every exit, the shame and hurt and salty sting of tears he can't try building in the parts of him emotions still touch, the places he swears don't exist. It doesn't...there's no reason for the
“Cas?” He sounds far away, even to himself.
. He did, as best he could. But Sam couldn't reciprocate, couldn't face the idea that he could be wrong, that what he was doing was wrong. And now the devil's on his back, breathing down his neck, asking for a single syllable. And Dean, too—he's the makings to be such a good puppet, Michael's perfect fit. The thought wrings his stomach, sending the acid into the sides, eating away at itself because there's nothing else in there to break down. He can't eat, can't bring himself to shove down food that tastes like nothing and feels worse, greasy and slippery inside him.
He’s staring at an empty lake. There’s nothing in the water, not even a ripple.
“And I totally got you laid that first time, by the way,” Dean's eyes glint, thinking of the delicate girl with pale skin and hair and eyes like the bottom of the Mediterranean. “I heard about her in detention, some queen bee was trashing her, saying how into you she was. Why do you think I oh-so-subtly made you ask her to prom?” Ok, he'd threatened to tell the entire school that Sam kept a ruler by his bed and every morning when he woke up, he—
behind Cas' affections, why he's chosen
, he manages, voice thick. Because now he knows, now he understands that this apocalypse, this train wreck of a future they're heading for is breaking the angel up as much as it is Dean's own family. Without thinking, he does what comes instinctively for him: touch. Though it isn't, not really, but he expands, somehow, the ball of his soul unfolding a bit until it strokes the surrounding grace, flushing up against it until they intertwine, become suspended together as one. It's the closest Dean's ever come to bliss without sex, a bitter realization because he knows he won't ever feel it again.
“Do you know how long people have been doing that?” He hears from behind, a familiar sandpaper voice that's been in his dreams lately more often than not. It strikes him as odd, how different Cas' voice is from Jimmy's, the man he'd come to know just a few days ago. It's like the angel's power bleeds out of the human around the edges, just enough to make it seem like energy crackles around him, to give an aura of something
Warren Hayes, August 23, 1905
It's not a decision; it's instinct.
There is a man coming toward Castiel, who sits casually on a park bench, out of sight to the humans around him, ants swarming in masses, shouts and laughs and hot skin under glaring sun. The man isn't tall, nor is he short. His hair is dark brown, wavy, and falls below his ears. Eyes too big for a slightly narrow face lock onto his; both are shades of blue, though this stranger's irises are darker, ominous sunset tones that whisper
Castiel bleeds acceptance for Dean, but it's so hard to teach this human,
There's no warning for the agony that comes with his answer, the ripping-tearing-breaking of a purge that should have happened after he killed Rafael. He's been carrying the souls around for too long; they've dug in, begun feasting on the parts of him he let fall by the wayside; empathy, caring, common sense. All of them are putrid, festering, a grace-deep sting that lets up only when the last soul slips past his teeth like a trickle of bile, destroyed by his father without a second thought.
“Do you think I’m damned?” Dean asks. His voice is steady, but the twitch of his jaw, the down-pull of bitten lips shows the brewing storm beneath a calm surface.
“Do you
“Jesus, your eyes.”
He lifts his chin to that sky and sees nothing, an eternity, infinity of vacancy. The air is hot, makes sweat gleam on his skin but still he doesn't feel it, can't get around the emptiness left in him.
"I'm not Sam, Dean."
“Gabriel separated your brother's body and soul,” Cas says the words slowly, as if he can't quite believe it, either. “He had to. The addiction was killing him.” Dean nods at that, pressing his lips together until they turn white, bloodless. He turns back to his brother, who pays no mind, doesn't stir at all when Dean leans in.
Fingers on his cheeks, a bumpy path halted by the overgrowth of stubble dotting the skin there and on his jaw. Spirals and slinking lines are drawn into his skin, moving down his neck to a suddenly bare chest where nails scratch just right, one foot on dry-throated pleasure, the other resting on red-tipped pain. Castiel throws his head back, mouth open, gasping at the tide of ecstasy he’s lost in. The drag of a mouth over his abdomen, down his sides catches his cells, lighting them like fireworks to rain sparks down. The colors burst behind his eyes and the sensations expand until he can’t tell where he starts and his love stops. If there’s a separation at all.
Castiel's words come slowly, carefully under the strain of the proximity he has to a being he's only heard about before this.
. The thoughts are thick as folios, words whipped like baseballs. Secret and monster and protection all turn up, but none of it means anything because all it does is reinforce a fact he can't come to terms with, can't accept. The thing in the lake is real. It's not his imagination. His uncle picked him.
“Humans,” he continues, hands dropping back to his sides. “It's like you were set up to fail from the start, given only language to use with one another.” Cas sits next to him, their shoulders almost brushing. “You can't ever fully know anyone else when you only have words. Words don't mean anything because they come so easily, so you only have yourself. But when James' daughter was my vessel, when he could have gone to Heaven and left all this behind,” he gestures out at a world Dean knows is chaotic, rotting under human influence, “and he chose to take me in again, I—I think I got a piece of why you're so special, so different.” The angel almost sounds hesitant, a tone Dean's never heard in him before.
“You've had a number done on you, huh, kid?” Regret like rain falling off eyelashes leaks into God's eyes. He shifts onto his knee, pulls Castiel's head down, fingers on the back of his neck, rubbing softly, and places a kiss on his forehead, between narrowed eyebrows. His lips are dry but warm and he remains for a few seconds, each lightening the ache of Castiel's body and soul.
It hurts, mostly because it's true. But what's worse would be letting the world slip into the devil's grasp, allowing him to infest Sam. If his brother dies fighting, he thinks he can live with it, knowing that he went out
His arm throbs, though at least it’s stopped bleeding. He can’t use it to pull himself up onto the dock, so he drags himself to the other side of the beach instead, an area protected by tall, sharp grass that slices at his already tender tail.
to become a part of the god like countless others have, monsters, demons, angels. Collateral damage. All of them. But Dean just shrugs them off, rising over their reaching hands, the grasp they would try to trap him in.
The lock grants access easily, though the hinges creak a bit. The air inside is stale; it's been at least a week, if not more, since the grounds have been touched, neatened so nature's wild streak doesn't worm its way past the gates of civilization. The inside is like any other coastal vacation home, light colors and high ceilings, an openness that's meant to instill vacation, maybe. Escape. The windows are large and the watery-tipped fingers of dusk are straggling through, intense pools of dying light gathering on the counter and floor. His keys are left on the table, sprawled across a letter with his name, in neat, block handwriting. His bag is dropped into an over-stuffed armchair facing a television as old as he is, probably.
But then he decides to be honest with himself, listens to the sombre tone of the angel's voice.
Dean tells Sam about Cas. In simple words and phrases, he tells his brother of how he was brought back from the edge by the person who'd saved him once before, who was the reason he'd kept going in Sam's absence. His brother doesn't say anything, doesn't voice his judgment, if he has any. But what, really, could he say? He's in no position to criticize Dean and he knows it. So while his eyes, green, today, like Dean's, not leaning toward their usual hazy aqua, widen when he hears of the relationship, there are no obvious signs of disgust or ill will. Dean takes it as a success.
, such great need. It knows waiting. The procession of time spent, watching endless lives flicker past and finding none satisfactory. Humans. They enjoy their melancholia, allow themselves to be wrapped in sadness like silk sheets, tremulous and wanting over impervious skin. But none ever match Its desire, none have so little left within that they can take the fire that’s ready, waiting, inside of It.
Castiel wakes to the warmth of light on his face, the glow of it an insistent pull that draws him from the shadowed shapes in his dreams. He doesn’t remember falling asleep, though his laptop is on the floor by his bed, shut and turned off. But his mind can slither away from the situation easily enough, can swerve around yet another fact he doesn’t want to face. He rolls his shoulders, stretches his arms over his head and feels the sweet pain of muscles waking from sleep’s heavy paralysis. Of course, waking is the opening of the mind's dam that's been squeezed shut by dreams. All of the past few days come back to him at once, and the word
There. In the dark space, almost too narrow for his hand to fit, is something. He squints, reaches for it and finds a piece of paper, folded into fourths. It's wilted, slightly yellow, but as he pulls it from its resting place it catches light and the flash of a watermark winks at him, clear as day.
“You can't do this forever.” Gabriel's voice is flat, all traces of his joking demeanor fading like the smoke of a cigarette burning from the tip. “You screwed up. But so did He. He left us. And He forgave you, Castiel. He let it go.”
He pushes himself up on arms that vibrate wildly, threatening to collapse at the slightest of sudden movements. It takes so much effort, so much sheer will that when an arm slides around his waist and another takes his hand, slinging it over a steady shoulder, he doesn't fight the help. Surprise outweighs pride, and he knows as soon as they're standing together that if Cas let go, he would be heading for the floor. His legs are jello, feet unsure of how, exactly, they're supposed to support his body. So he rests his weight on the angel who holds it calmly, like there's a child in his arms and not a muscular adult.
soul,
He’s too far gone to brace himself for what comes next, a spotlight of inside-out agony in the form of two pinpricks at his throat. But oh, he can feel Dean there, pulling in at the fount of his neck and the pain becomes a sort of clarity, a realization that this could be the end, and maybe he welcomes it, after all.
he tells the Righteous man as he surfaces, slipping back into the controls of his vessel, the familiar too-tight sensation that's like coming home. He is restored, himself again, though with something,
Hands splayed, Dean’s fingers curl, come in toward his own chest. He looks down at them, at the slight sharpness of the nails, and then back up at Castiel. “You were filled with both. And I couldn’t help but want it all. I didn’t know it would affect you. I didn’t know it would start to change you.”
human. He's good, too good. Everything about him is what it wants and needs and oh, it was so close to having it all today. But it pushed him away, told him to get out.
that flashes across his younger brother's face. “I'm going to say yes.” he says again, “Just not to Michael.” And with that, Dean Winchester promptly tells destiny to go fuck itself before slipping out of its grasp entirely.
“Dean,” he starts, a warning,
Hell flashes before the angel's eyes, black blood and shining knives and the white of the Righteous man's eyes and teeth. He scuttles forward, taking Dean's doll-limp body into his arms, clutching it close so his heart beats into the other man's still chest. He feels his wings slipping out before he realizes he's letting them; they spread and curve, hiding he and Dean from the outside world, though they're safe from it anyway in Castiel's version of limbo.
Cas smiles at this. “You had a lot of my protection, Dean. But you were under his influence, too. Just in a way he couldn't understand.”
“Oh?” A breath of passion brushes through Cas' grace, thick and heady, burning through his bloodstream with feather touches and flushing pleasure that builds low, tenses every muscle he has.
“Gabriel?” Sam asks, still looking at Dean before sliding his gaze over to the angel, who stands completely still, a deer in the headlights. “If I give you permission?”
he hears, or feels, because it wells up in him like the burn of a shot without a chaser, pools in his throat, on his tongue and stays there, unwilling to give an inch.
“Who said I was trying to win in the first place?” If he licked his lips now, he'd catch the corner of the god's mouth, would taste dry skin and salt and the remnants of Cas, maybe. The idea races across his tongue, an urge that won't make it past his steel wall willpower.
The angel's words are the steady beat of a heart, a sigh after a long day, a blanket to block out the cold.
yourself. You begged me not to tell Dad. And I didn't. I did take your allowance for a month, but I didn't tell.
“He had a hell of a lot to sort through, Dean.” He shrugs, rolling a kink out of his shoulders.
“Had to put Lucifer in his cage, Dean,” Cas is saying between kisses, as he trails his way up and down the angel's face, tasting everything, memorizing. Like Cas is going to disappear again.
Lucifer, it turns out, is very polite in person. He says his pleases and thank-yous, welcoming Dean into the abandoned building he's taken over. He welcomes with rotting arms, the burning-out body of some poor bastard whose family was just collateral damage in the game between heaven and hell, who was half-insane when Lucifer's oily persuasion convinced him to give up his body. Dean's skin crawls at the sight.
“Oh.” Nothing else comes, so he falls asleep, warm all over, with the gaze of his angel (he's sure about that now) on him. Only him.
Dean says to himself, to whoever else can hear inside his head.
“I'm not sure I should drive, Cas.”
“Eating at me, Dean,” Sam whispers in a child's voice, the kind that's beyond caring and image. The put-upon younger brother has disappeared, leaving the remnants of a lost man, one who ran down paths blind, choosing wrong to spite the world he'd grown up in. “Can't last.”
“What?” Cas asks, concerned.
“Calm down, Dean,” he hears his voice reply, and this time, it's pitch-perfect in that monotone he knows so well. “Just give me a chance.”
“But I know his tricks, Dean.” A glint under the light, shiny in the god's hand. The knife is wickedly sharp, and it's gripped easily. Comfortably.
“Dean,” he rasps, groaning with the pain, fresh tracks of tears making their way down his cheeks, eyes glassy green, “Don't do this Dean, please—I'm your brother, man, I'm your broth—”
he shrieks, words coming without reason or any real thought.
that's all around him. The grace inside him reaches out, spreading thin to touch a bit of everything, the heat of the sun, the silk of the grass beneath and the heart that beats inside of him, a constant reminder of his second chance.
instinct that's thick and insistent), but as they turn and twine, learning the angles and needs of the other, an image flashes through his mind. Dean. Bloody, beaten. All by his hand. By his doing. He—how can he
He doesn't have to search very hard. A few feet away, there are two men. One is huddled over the other, who lays on the ground, twitching rapidly, each breath unsteady and ragged. He knows them both, though the sight of the one huddled in the other's arms is a blow to his grace, like the cuts of a razor down the sensitive flesh of an arm.
And he hasn't felt Cas since the night he'd been woken by the angel, and arrived too late to stop Sam from playing right into Ruby's hands. It started right after the field, the strange ability to sense Cas. He thinks of horses, how they know a storm is coming, eyes rolling back into their heads, tails swinging wildly. It's like that, but inside, a rush of adrenaline that makes his hair stand up, that alerts every synapse, sending rapidfire impulses to his spine until he feels like he's vibrating, a reverberation of the angel's power. But he knows he's being watched, because he isn't having nightmares, isn't dreaming at all, falling instead into light comas that leave him strangely achy, like he's missing something important. So he doesn't sleep much, tries to stay up all hours doing what Sam used to do—research. There's so much out there, countless deep dark nasties, and they're just waiting for him to come after them, the legendary Dean Winchester. And he doesn't disappoint. He's a machine, dedicated to what he's good at,
“It’s been over a year,” he hears, a frown pressed to his hip before pulling back to let teeth mark a half-moon there. “You don’t have to be alone.”
Fingers trail through what looks like soft down in this manifestation, the feathers closest to his shoulder blades.
And Dean understands that it is, for Sam. Everything is good for his brother.
It's lighthearted, a deflection to mask the tingle of wonder he feels at the angel's words.
“Where?”
he snarls, launching himself into the water, arms encircling Dean, holding him there by the element of surprise alone. They both go under, but Dean’s tail reacts automatically and drags them back up, hair plastered across foreheads, water coming down like tears over their faces, dripping off long lashes.
“Haven't I already?” His voice is day-old cigarettes and whiskey and the churn of loose rocks under tires (
“Help him, Cas,” Finn’s lips thin, now, eyes ticking back and forth on his own. “You have to help him.” And then he’s pressing forward, pressing a kiss to Castiel’s mouth, licking it open, deftly maneuvering around the fangs that have taken up residence there.
, a fight his conscience struggles valiantly in until he's pulled up and his pants just disappear, leaving him very suddenly naked and very close to the angel, whose light fingers are now followed by chills as they shift Dean closer to the shower stall to turn the water on.
But like he says, he doesn't remember exactly what Castiel says or does that finally breaks the tenuous hold on his temper, that makes him lose his sight behind the thick red of anger that spills over the irises, obscuring everything but what he feels. Maybe it was a remark about the demon blood in Sam, the thinly veiled threat of his assassination that trips him over the edge, so quickly that he doesn't have time to scrabble for grip and just falls, blind and deaf and dumb in the face of the wind as it howls around him. Castiel has no social skills, he knows. But he
When he steps under the wash of too-hard water that apparently does nothing for Sam's hair, it makes him hiss a little but in a good way, a clean way, a catharsis that's never fully complete, even though he chases after it every second he can.
this creature, understands something in it.
ADARO. Find a way to end it, my nephew.
Castiel's moving, stumbling through the confines of his own mind now because somewhere Dean is there and he's
Dean just hugs back, holds his brother's gaze until it isn't his brother anymore, until what's staring out of not-Sam is pure Gabriel.
His computer sits in front of him, having gone into hibernation mode. Something hits his lap light like a drop of water, a hollow sound of wet on skin. He brings his hand to his nose. It's bleeding.
“What are you
everything he'll go through. And when he can't take it anymore, when he breaks, and he
“No, Dean, you don't.” It's so
“There is no family down here, Sammy,” he hisses, wrenching the blade up and out before bringing his fingers, sticky-red, to his lips, painting them garish, tongue flicking out to taste the blood.
He drops the groceries at the sound of a voice from behind. It's abrupt, a bell tolling on the quietest of days and just as clear, melodious in a way he notices for a split second, though his attention is quickly called to the gallon of milk that all but explodes as it hits the ground, splattering his pants and shoes. And then, before he can look up, the world explodes into a starburst constellation of white-hot pain, colors flashing in front of his eyes. He sinks to his knees, a sudden thud he doesn't feel, before the thread of consciousness unravels completely and he's cast away, the world black around him.
But that danger, those teeth, they
Castiel presses his together with the memory of Dean’s still on them, the taste of copper passed between mouths, a channel opening up between the two with every breath shared. He
Dean thinks, realizing Cas is testing him, testing the bounds of his word, his trust. His vision floods back a second later, but what he sees isn't him, can't be. Not completely. If the mirror's to be trusted, it shows him but with an aura of grace, of cool light that emanates gently
“How did you...” The area is open; no immediate woods or trees—nothing that a person could get to in the time it took Castiel to get from the house to the lake. He cards his fingers through his still-wet hair, the droplets snaking down his wrist, dripping down his neck freely.
Even now, with Famine gone, his ring in Dean's possession, he hears the words that cut to bone, slicing deep to reveal blood and muscle and spongy tissue that works like a normal person's but isn't because it serves no higher purpose, supports a waste of life, emptiness that he'd thought was finally filling, being mended by the tentative bond with Cas that he holds so tight to, leaving half-moon indents on the angel's grace, desperate to keep from sliding away into the numbness that begs to be let in. He doesn't want to be a monster, a machine anymore. But it looks like the choice isn't his, looks like nothing, not even the love and infatuation of a creature connected to God himself can save him from what he's become. With his head resting on the cool surface of porcelain, he closes his eyes and sees the demon of his dreams, a thing with his own face.
after having felt what he did just moments ago.
The question is time speeding back up and then quickening; it's a shock enough that Dean pushes him, tail twitching between Castiel's legs.
I felt." He takes a step, then two, and suddenly he's too close, another one of those human cultural things he doesn't understand, doesn't take the time to.
Dean knows that the sky above him is vast in ways he cannot know, so like most he calls it infinity and forgets about it. But not tonight. Tonight, while his brother screams and writhes and babbles words that make the lights of his cell flicker and spark, Dean Winchester looks up at the sky and wonders just how big it really is. He wants to know how much is out there, how alone he really is. People look at the stars and see familiar shapes, clusters that reflect deities or astrological signs. But they're just made-up patterns, used to make the unknowable that much more familiar. He wonders whose idea it was, stars, because they're a nice touch, little beacons of light that welcome, somehow.
“No,” Dean whispers, “You’re not real. I’ve never seen you before this. You can’t be real.”
“Fine,” Dean bites the syllable off with a click of his teeth. Saying no only means that Sam will sneak into the plans, will show up unexpectedly and break concentration, could make them misstep. If he's there, at least Dean can keep an eye on him, can make sure he's alright in the end.
He's starting to drift off when he hears a rustling and thinks Sam's come back. "Hey," he slurs under an arm, trying to block out the light of day, "Thought you went out, Sammy." The voice that answers him sends chills down his spine, though it's not angry. It's not
“You don't have to repeat the experience,” the god whispers, an earnest expression pulling his eyebrows tight. It's a good imitation, an approximation. Like the thing can actually feel. “All you have to do is love me, Dean. Give in to me. Pledge yourself to me.”
They step in together, water spraying two naked men now, a blink-and-you-missed-it banishment of clothes that has Dean looking Cas'—Jimmy's—body up and down, taking in long muscles and sinewy limbs, the long lines of a swimmer. The light blush of hair here and there is unfamiliar, so like his own, and the feel of it under his fingers is alien, though he adjusts fast. Mostly because he starts touching without meaning to, rubbing thumbs in circles on the arms that hold him up, the nape of the neck as he's held under the water until his hair is plastered to his head. There's nothing he wants more than to shift forward an inch or so, to angle his wet lips onto the angel's, to show what he can't tell because it feels like it's going to burst out of him if he just keeps letting it go. But he holds himself back, the mantra of
“So foolish, Dean,” Cas colors resignation in the weak reprimand, brings his hand up to stroke at the hair just behind Dean's ear.
“Where are we?” Castiel lowers his chin, pretends not to be a quaking child in a parent's arms.
“Castiel,” Dean spits blood between them, stains the sand but keeps going, ducking his head to look into Castiel’s eyes. “I saw. I understand.”
The first step outside is an accident. The wood of the deck is underfoot and he can't turn back now. It's painted white, the wood, though the sea air peels it off in plastic curls, the years and salt more than a match for the off-white shade, some of it sticking to his feet as he steps forward and then again, dreading the moment he steps down into the gravel-lined driveway. He's being led, really, a rope around his wrist and it's
Tragedy is an interesting word; it covers a multitude of events, all awful, but what Castiel finds when he gets a match for his search is worse than anything he can imagining going through. He reads the words, ants on his screen, cold and neutral. They jump into his mind alive and coiled like a snake about to strike; the events unfold inside of him and suddenly he's not reading anymore but seeing. Watching. And he doesn't want to, wants to turn his head and close his eyes and pretend he can't smell the blood and sweat, can't feel the chill in his bones that burrows down and lays anchor.
world. That, Dean's assured, will come later. When Sam says yes. And, apparently, everyone thinks he will. Dean doesn't think about it, not at all, because he would eventually come to a conclusion, one that he won't let happen. If he thinks it will happen, even if he never admits it, never says it out loud, it's still giving in. But the world he knows, the one where he's part of a united front, where he can trust that his brother will always have his back, is over, gone, washed away with a swirl of demon blood.
Dean doesn't see any more after that.
from this strange violation.
“Sammy,” he warns, turning to glare at his younger brother. “You're not going.”
The voice is warm, but the question is serious. He doesn't need to ask who's behind him, who it is that rests a hand on his shoulder and chuckles when he freezes under the gentle touch.
He wonders when his eyes, the windows to the soul, will start to black out, to be painted shut and forgotten. He wonders if he'll be able to look at Cas with those eyes. There's more pain in his stomach, scratches and twists, but nothing else is coming. There's nothing left to give. He wonders if Cas heard the speech, if he was lucid enough behind the frenzy for meat to realize the human he'd taken up with was permanently fucked. In a way, he hopes Cas didn't hear, that he won't give up on Dean because when he's around, the memories of breaking that first seal, of climbing down from the rack and curling fingers around his first blade aren't so close, are far away enough that he can function at a higher level than a vegetable.
compulsion of his angel. That had scared him more than anything, the effect of Famine on Cas' vessel. Anchoring his Grace to the corporeal left him open, vulnerable in ways Dean had never thought about. And it was because of
“How sorry are you, Dean? Huh?” He traces the other man’s jaw, the light stubble there, fingers scratching at the sharp-angled bone. “You’ve turned me into a monster, Dean, so sorry—”
“Angel mojo's got that effect,” Dean smiles, and something builds in his chest, a pressure that threatens to make him burst. He can't take the lightness of the moment, can't believe that somehow Sam is alright, finally alright.
"What? Cas, what's this about?" He shortens the name automatically, frustration breeding familiarity.
“He was in pain. He didn't want this anymore, just wanted it to end. So I let him go. I had selfish reasons, too.”
It's the weed and the coke and the alcohol that sit in his blood and keep everything an arm's length away. Chemicals that keeps his eyes glazed and his focus on the now, not the then or the what will be. But he's never hallucinated before. Not a person. Or a...thing. A mermaid? He turns the word over in his head but it doesn't feel right, doesn't fit the blush of fire that radiates through his stomach when he thinks of the creature. Dean.
Maybe It’s imagining when It sees the man flinch, but the echo of that name…it calls out with warm, familiarity wrapping itself around his fingers. Dean. That’s what it called himself when the human, Castiel, asked. But It was just a sound to him. A syllable that rolled off the tongue, though the memory behind it had turned to ash.
His words are an earthquake, wherever they are. The god's mind shakes around him, but he doesn't notice because all he can do is
. Every moment he's shared with the angel, every word left unsaid, every touch he should have let happen. He's said his piece, but there's one last thing that needs to be expressed. Words, though. They're just syllables, language that doesn't quite reach what he needs to express. So he lets the feeling filter through him instead, lets himself be buoyed by the word he's never let slip past still lips.
“What happened?” He stares into Dean, eyes jumping back and forth across green irises, seeing past, through, looking at the flicker of soul beneath, the way it's too close to the skin, minutes from edging out, fleeing into the sky.
“Sorry, kiddo. There's no running from this.”
“Your vice, Dean, is
“I’m sorry,” he mumbles between lips that have forgotten how to hold polite conversation, the formation of words that aren’t barbed with wire and daggers.
his mind trills
Dean is being moved. There is talk in his ears, sound he can't sort because the phonemes evade him, working together in patterns that just sound like music in another language, a pretty melody that does little to communicate but calms him, even when he can't find the strength to open his eyes, to clasp back at the hand that slips into his. And in truth, he doesn't want to see, doesn't want to fall back into reality. Cas isn't there.
“Does Cas like it like this?” He squints, raises an eyebrow. “Do you use that tie of his? Tell me, does he shout to his Daddy when you make him come?” He leers at Dean, who fights the slow burn of anger that builds, gathering life.
The words slur after awhile, when there's nothing left of the woman but her will to live for her daughter, and even that begins to wane. When she's silenced, blue eyes open in a forever stare at the ceiling, they advance on the child. Castiel's throat aches with his screams, and the next thing he knows, he's standing outside in the sand, near the bodies of the two. They've been arranged into a garish caricature of a loving embrace, a mother clutching her daughter, though both are so blood-slicked that it does nothing but turn his stomach. Behind him, the unmistakable sound of hoof beats echo, and he hears a sharp whinny.
Nothing matters in nowhere,  until it does. Castiel's wake-up call is brutal, a sudden and jarring realization of what, exactly, is happening. He sees the Righteous man as he was in hell, bright like the North star in an abyss of agony and blindness, the shining impression of a body, a soul still lingering in human form. Castiel thinks he's dreaming, even though he's only done it once, a confusing barrage of images and sounds he'd slipped into during his stint as a mortal. But there's no other explanation, no way for a human soul to have made its way into his body. He houses only the passed-on supernatural, the remnants of things that go bump in the night. A ripple runs through him, anticipation and licked lips, saliva collecting behind teeth as the monsters decide in a single voice, that they
He spends his days in bed, between sheets that cool dream-heated skin. He doesn't see, doesn't talk, barely moves. Anything sudden, any great wrenching and he'll fall apart, can barely hold the cracked pieces of himself together as it is. He tries to pretend he doesn't exist, that maybe if he believes it hard enough his body will give way to air, will separate, atoms flying off in all directions until there's nothing left. Sam comes in and talks, first gently, then with forced anger and provocation. They try to trick him, to make him want to care again. He allows eye contact, maintains it to be polite, but more often than not drops into sleep before they're finished speaking. There's nothing to hold onto anymore, nothing to keep him grounded.
“Please,” he begs, covering his eyes (
“Tone it down a bit.” It's a croak, contains none of the sarcasm it should, but the effort is there. Dean can see that Sam's glad for it, sees an inkling of what used to be. He just feels exhausted, each second of trying to be the old Dean, the before Dean an effort he can barely manage. Sam just stares, concern and a stupid smile combining efforts to form such an earnest hope that he can't hold back, can't resist the truth as it bypasses his control, tearing his mask off so thoroughly he's dizzy, cant tell which way is up.
“Cas,” Finn says again, backing off to look into his eyes. “This isn’t you.”
The drowse left behind in Castiel’s body after he’s been wracked by ecstasy’s electric release draws him back toward sleep, but the cooling stickiness on his thighs is enough to pull back from it, to get up and head stiff-legged to the bathroom.
Water clings to the hair on Dean's arm. Castiel's fingers itch to chase the liquid away, to smooth his hands over the tanned forearm, to pull the human close.
Dean smiles, but it's a grim little thing, lips stretched tight. And then, because neither of them know quite how to say what they're feeling, he ducks his head and presses skin to skin, a red flush of heat asking to be shared, closeness that's forgiveness and regret, lust and relief all tangled together, sharp and messy. Eventually, they'll get back to the real world. They'll find Sam and Bobby and explain what happened, with some censoring. But for now, Dean will work his hands through his angel's wings and hair, will moan Castiel's name and forget about time and space and war and monsters. Castiel will open his mouth and let Dean explore his world, his body and his grace. And they'll fall together, breathless, back down to Earth, where both belong, now.
He starts marking the walls. They're neat, even little rows. They go on. Maybe forever.
“Maybe it's because it's easy to imagine that something's looking back,” he whispers. He's glad for the dark, glad that he can pivot, rest on the bumper of the Impala and be silent long enough to try and collect himself.
And with that, there's a sick shift inside him. If he had knees, he'd be sinking to them, fingers clutching at a throat fighting the contents of a stomach. That's what it feels like, ice chills and scratching nails coming up from within, pushing past the walls of his entity, his consciousness and sliding free into the nothingness surrounding them. It goes on forever, the leaving feeling becoming a steady pulse that builds and builds in pressure until he thinks he'll explode into dust and not leave anything behind like his brothers and sisters, no outline of wings to mark the place he'd held (in another life, maybe. Does he have wings anymore? Grace?).
And then something skirts past his leg, a silk press of barely-there flesh, appendages that humans don't have. He sputters, shock overriding sense to fill his throat with water. The disrupted surface of the lake churns further when he bursts through the surface, sending ripples in every direction as he coughs and chokes, stomach twisting to rid itself of its unwelcome intruder. Heart racing now, he whips around in circles, wiping trails of water from his face, though they cling to his hair, ready to replace their fallen brothers a moment later.
, to tell Finn how this happened
It sees a man, sitting at the edge of a lake. The sun rests on the horizon, painting the earth in a loving gold, though it doesn’t reach the presence sitting cross-legged on the end of a dock. His stare is frozen, unseeing, though his gaze is aimed at the still water beneath. Behind him, dark red stains smear the dusty drive leading up to a modest house. It should be licking its lips, pointed teeth aching for what is obviously blood, and the sorrow that must follow it, but the sight, the sweet scent of decay sends a jolt through Its stomach like icy fingers of fear. Uncertainty.
When he's pulled out of the dream, he's trashing, a layer of sweat on his skin.
“Breathe.”
“You're not doing it alone,” Sam's stern voice says, coming from behind, reminding Dean of his and Gabriel's forgotten presence.
“I didn't understand, at first.” Cas is in front of him now and fuck, he doesn't want to be seen like this, turned his back for a reason, but hands, long-fingered and delicate for a man, the pallor of the skin almost giving them a glow, reach for him confidently, an unwavering gesture that's completed with small swipes of the fingers, brushing salty warmth off Dean's face.
Somehow, when it ends and they're breathing heavy together, they're both still standing. The water gets shut off and Dean is dried, dressed, and put to bed. Though he feels like an infant, he's too comfortable to complain.
not a puppet to evil incarnate.
He notices the Rs first. It stands alone, which means, most likely, it's an I. Or an A. But the frequency of it; Castiel brings a hand to his mouth, chews on the haggard nail of his index finger nail writes the alphabet out neatly. Underneath I, he writes R, and then his answer stares him in the face. The encoded note is the alphabet, backwards. The words come together like ants on a picnic blanket, black dots stark against the white of the paper.
“Get up,” he says. “Don't let the blood contaminate your wounds.” If moaning weakly counts as a reply, then his is a strong one. Cas just shakes his head, lowers fingers and then they're back in his motel.
“I miss them,” he says, blinking again, wet lashes dark. “I miss them so much.”
, this is wrong and foreign and if he could use his tear ducts they'd be overflowing. As it is he's trembling inside, creating a minor earthquake, trying to displace his captor.
“Sorry,” he replies, stilling his twitching foot.
"You asked me what I felt, Dean.
“I'm alright,” he says, and looks up, a wan smile stretching his mouth. She's pretty, dark hair and light eyes, straight features. But what keeps him staring that beat too long is the concern pulling her eyebrows down, the way her eyes tick back and forth between his, looking. Trying to gauge something.
, to punish for what's been done to him. He knows he can't physically hurt Cas, so he buries himself in the abandonment, the fear and sorrow and apathy that held him by the throat every second his angel was away. Cas, perfect, spotless Cas gasps, pales, sucking in air with gulps until he clutches at his ribs, looking at Dean with more pupil that iris.
“Did you think I would let you lose yourself completely, Castiel?”
“Selfish?”
, the territorial look in a being that needs no worldly possessions or connections. Dean's body starts to react to the look, the
Castiel's eyes are warm. Dean's face blurs into a kaleidoscope, pale lips and long lashes and the pinch of concern between his forehead. Thumbs swipe the corners of his eyes and sight comes back, the glaring sun reflecting off the lake. Dean says nothing, but swims with him toward the shore. Each pull, each reach of his arms feels like slipping, tumbling down a hole that holds nothing but darkness. But then the beach is under him, cheek digging into the grains of sand, and he sighs into its embrace.
“Please,” Dean whispers, seeing Sam in his head, a lighter, carefree person he doesn't know anymore. “We have to try.” Cas doesn't say anything for a long moment, but he traces his thumb across Dean's lip before evaporating into nothing.
“Shall we try again, then?”
It’s hard to choke back the scream that so desperately wants to reach into the night sky, that would shred his lungs if it could because the power of it is too strong, has been locked away in an unfeeling heart for too long and now threatens to pull him under before he can make things right.
The god doesn't need to be told twice. He opens himself wide, arms splayed, welcoming Dean, ready to add to his countless collection. Dean moves past the god's surface like wind filtering through trees. He's surrounded, buffered by the power that presses in on all sides, asking to take him in, to absorb him and make him
A sigh, like a hand rubbing at eyes and a forehead before drifting back to card between long locks of hair.
And Dean does. He sees that Castiel feels more than he ever could, on levels far beyond his comprehension. His own range feels like a thimble in relation to the angel's ocean, a superficial joke.
Dean wants to ask him a million questions, where he is, how he knows, if he's alright. But his father slips back into the crowd, disappearing. He keeps going, moving forward. He's greeted, kissed, hugged, stroked, congratulated. He sees Jo, who kisses him on the lips and giggles when he apologizes for her life, rolls her eyes at his sadness.
“Finn.”
The sun should be drawing back, but Dean squints, blinded, as it just gets brighter, loud and insistent, stubborn against mother nature's cycle. He scrunches his eyes shut, throws his hand over them and hits the ground, covering his head. When the light starts to eat at him, nipping with hands of fire, licking across skin and fabric, he screams, lungs burning. And then it stops, disappears, allowing black to take its rightful place in the sky.
There's blood coming from his mouth but consciousness is concrete and not going anywhere. The breath is forced out of him, a gasping cry, jagged and shrill. His hair, his teeth—the pain settles everywhere, velvet and smooth, coating his nerve endings like a downpour clinging to clothes, heavy enough to drown in. The tears at the corner of his eyes slip free, more reflex than emotion, though that comes next because there's a roar in his ears that isn't natural, that isn't right because the god is doing it, is surrounding him with the sounds of screams that he'd coaxed out with the tip of his own knife, bone-deep and careful, an artist with a paintbrush made to render agony in long, harsh strokes. He spits the blood building behind his teeth. It lands on the god's perfectly pressed shirt and earns him another jab, this time to the stomach, setting the acid there free.
“What's wrong, Dean?” A bitten lip, furrowed brow. “You seem a little jumpy.”
He's not solid. He's light behind skin, a luminescence just a step away from his true form. His body is taller, his hair longer but just as dark, plastered across his forehead by water and sand.
Dean's presence conjures.
“Dean,” the word
It comes to when the pictures begin to flood in. It hisses at them, the size of them and the strange pull they bring, but It’s hostage to the procession.
“For Sam to realize that he has a life worth living. For him to find strength.” Cas says it like he's reading a grocery list, like his brother hasn't been through probably one of the most jarring experiences of his life.
A blink is all it takes for the park to melt away, to be launched into the stars in the sky, an airless place of beauty and hollow light.
Dean.”
“Yes?”
“You were guilty.” But it's more than that, runs deeper than a trivial (for the angel, at least) Groundhog Day style time loop. Something's changed, shifted in Gabriel, has made him change sides. But the angel just stands, smug smile firmly in place. He's flippant when he says he's going to find 'Wheels,' which Dean wants to dare him to call Bobby. To his face. With unguarded shins.
The voice, one of vague familiarity, sounds in his head, a steady hand in the middle of a rocking ocean. If he could move, he would jerk at the new presence, the new invasion in his body, his mind.
So when he peers inside himself and feels a little echo, a hum of response to Cas' presence, it scares the shit out of him. He can't
“Call me Michael,” the creature whispers, before lifting Dean’s chin, surging forward to fuse their mouths together. Time stills, and in that moment it seems as if the human might back away, might fight the encounter, but then the hitch is corrected and forward motion begins again, his lips opening, receiving,
“What are you doing?” It asks again, a glare twisting its lips. “How are you doing this?”
him. His legs swing over the side of the bed, straighten, and he's walked to the bureau in the corner of the room. He's standing in front of a mirror, staring at his own reflection.
he tells the god.
“They'll peel his skin off him as he watches. And that's just their version of
Before the dagger-sharp of Its teeth break the still-human skin of the man from the house,
scoring Dean’s tongue and jolting them out of their false paradise.
“Don't give me that shit,” his lips slip under the water as a harsher, hacking cough grips him. The hands on his back are a surprise; he shies away from them, but they grip hard and lift.
understands that the blood is wrong and evil and only stains the blackness in him further, like a paper towel soaking up ink. Sometimes Dean's not sure how much clean surface Sam has left in him.
drifted over him, like humans running their hands through one another's hair. Castiel was born into eternity, the rise of voices brimming into a crescendo of devotion and trust.
His neck pulses warm, agitated by the motion of his head. The ache is dull, though, a stretch like half-healed wounds. An itch, not a pain. His body is heavy with the cautionary throb of a just-cooled fever, somewhere between lethargy and the shakiness of an immune system in overdrive.
And then, an explosion.
“I was in hell, Dean,” he chokes out, hands fluttering at his sides, grasping the fabric of his jacket. “I was in hell.”
The angel's exploration continues, mouth tracing Dean's forehead, cheeks, down his chin, then neck, finding sweet spot along the way, the one that makes Dean tremble and emit some nonsense sound that only makes Cas taste harder, adding teeth to the mix. With hands that act of their own accord, Dean reaches between them, slicks deft fingers through wetted-down hair and then over secret skin, an organ he's pretty sure the angel's never used before. He curls around it, mimics its shape and strokes in ways he knows feels good and the fact that this is so new and odd is forgotten when Cas' head lolls back, mouth opening in a call not to god but to
It's a voice and a touch and a presence he recognizes without ever having met it before. It's in and around him, a part of him speaking within the walls of his cells while whispering in his ear. It fills him like hot mead on a cold day, had he ever needed to be warmed. He's broken a cardinal rule by caring, by wanting and needing. He was an angel. Now he's a god of fire and ash, and it was all so he could keep the world from ending, from letting the bad guys burn it to the ground around him (around Dean).
There are footfalls behind him, then hands on his back, rubbing in circles a few times before dragging him back, up. He doesn't need to turn, doesn't need to speak to know who it is because the care in the touch, the easy way he's lifted only points to one person. As soon as he's on his feet, though, he pushes away from the support, shaking legs navigating to the sink to gargle Listerine until he can't taste his insides anymore. He looks in the mirror, ignores his own pale face, meeting the gaze of Cas' reflection. The glare he gives it would make most people back off, but the angel isn't people and just steps closer, peering through the walls Dean throws up.
he continues, opening his mouth to Dean, who pushes inside a second later to lap at a tongue that twists with his easily, tasting of fading mint,
“Why haven't you fallen yet, Cas?”
him, how it hurts so much to be alive, how he just wants it all to be over because Finn took his heart with him when he left, but as he looks into his lover’s eyes, the honey-warmth there, he realizes how empty it would sound.
“Ow,” he whispers to himself, head falling to the side. He doesn’t open his eyes yet, though, preferring to slowly take stock of the rest of himself. To see what else has been maimed in the showdown between himself and the thing in the lake.
He feels worse when Gabriel listens.
Cas says, adjusting his grip on Dean so that his head is being cradled, fingers separating the hair at the back of his neck. A closed mouth presses to his and the lips are giving, soft in a way that seems strange for a man. Dean gasps through his nose as his lips turn into a network for his body, each cell triggering responses he's never connected to kissing; the quiet smell of a first snow, the easy haze of light drunkenness, the feel of fingers raking down a back. Each lights up part of his brain, sensors and input that Cas manipulates to give him something more, something beautiful.
But Cas does nothing, makes no move to guide him to the bathroom, so he breathes deeply, ignoring the sting of bruised ribs.
His words stiffen here, voice going lower, gruff with disgust for himself, “Until I drank your blood, I didn’t know who I was. I couldn’t remember. All I knew was hunger. Hunger for pain and despair, and you—”
Castiel opens his eyes for real to find the bleak crack of dawn staring back at him. He’s still half drunk, reeling with nausea and the too-real touch of a man who is long gone. The smell of semen jolts his already careening stomach and he stumbles to the bathroom, thankful he can even remember the location. His wretches are liquid at best; the last thing he ate he can’t remember and it isn’t coming up now. Minutes pass and his head remains in the bowl, salty shame and anger leaking from his eyes, splashing silently into the cold water too close to his face for comfort. He breathes a little easier after that, gets up and pulls his pants and boxers off, grimacing at the hardening residue left behind. When he climbs into a bed that isn’t his in a town he barely knows and drops off into fitful sleep, at the back of his mind he can’t help but wonder if it would be better if he didn't wake up at all.
Castiel loved to sleep in the sun. His mother would find him outside sometimes, curled up on a blanket, a wash of lemon light resting on his eyelashes, elongating the shadows like neat rows of parallel lines against his cheeks. The drive home is one of honey-dripped drowsiness, a thick and lazy feeling that has him blinking in an effort to keep awake. His window is down and the air is hot, plucking at the hair on his arms, skirting over the beads of sweat that form on the back of his neck.
It isn't until much, much later after they've held each other physically and spiritually, shared ecstasy and time-stopping pleasure so intense Dean isn't sure how he's in one piece, that he groans and sits up.
he assures himself.
“Shower?” he questions, trying to focus on Cas' impenetrable facade. It comes out low and thin, the residue of a voice. The residue of a man. If he could laugh at himself, at how fucking pathetic he's become, he would. He can see himself, even from a few months ago, looking down at his shriveled body with disdain, disgust. He's been falling into himself, wanting to disappear. And he has. He's on the verge of sleep, or just losing consciousness, when he notices that the angel is glowing, faintly.
“You don't belong here,” Cas says, taking a step forward, breaking Lucifer's little circle.
“Hey,” he tries again, his steps a little too fast but he’s already got a good momentum.
He wakes to Sam one night. He's looking out the window, talking to fill the silence, the oxymoronic
R girvw, nb vmgriv oruvgrnv. Yfg R xlfowm'g.
Dean can’t breathe. He doesn’t know how it worked before, how he could go underwater easily, could swallow the water down and use it like air without a second thought. The magic was strong and he was unaware, comatose in his own monstrous body. But now, he’s fading, and a single dive starts to burn tired lungs, cracked and dry as fire kindling. He’s dying.
” He stretches his lips back, tries for a smile but ends with a grimace, though it doesn't matter. The god can see into his heart, mind, soul. He knows Dean's telling the truth, and though he should probably rise beyond the realm of petty human stubbornness, something holds him. Dean understands the layers of power the god now houses, the black rot of corruption as it sinks beneath the skin. This god is just a monster in disguise, a power-seeker that wants everything he can't have. And he can't have Dean. Or he won't long enough for the ones who matter to get away, to get safe and regroup.
“Little egotistical, huh, Winchester?” Dean looks up to a bronze stare that could pin him to a wall. Gabriel stands, but his gaze doesn't shift, doesn't move when he approaches the bed. His vessel isn't intimidating, would strike no fear in Dean's heart if he didn't know what was burning beneath, just below the innocuous surface. He appreciates Gabriel in a new way, the intelligence it would take for an
“You're serious.” Dean isn't looking at Castiel. He's staring just past, over the angel's head, at the wings that won't go back to ether, tucked safely between the dimensions of tangibility and sight.
“Oh,” the mother says, walking the short distance from the living room to the door. “Who's there?”
"Will you let me show you?" God, the angel's eyes are blue. And they're too much, too intense, so Dean blurts out a yes before he can think of any repercussions, and then the blue is gone, hidden by eyelashes and closed lids. Castiel's vessel starts to sway before toppling completely, falling to the ground heavily. Dean would have tried to catch it, to keep it from colliding with the unforgiving earth, but he can't move, is suddenly in the backseat of his own body, his mind.
. “I won't sacrifice your body to save Sam. I won't lose
“I'm empty, Sam,” he says, voice tight, ignoring the slide and blur of tears. Sam just holds his hand and they say nothing together, allowing time to pass them by. Eventually, he clears his cheeks with his own fumbling fingers and can't help the flash of Cas' doing the same thing. But Cas isn't there.
