They kept saying if he changed his mind about the mission it was fine. If he couldn’t get the egg for any reason, it was okay, and certainly not worth his life. They’d just find another way. But it wasn’t that simple or they’d have done something else first, anything but this. Young Dean wouldn’t change his mind. And he wouldn’t fail.
have and Dean didn’t even need to ask that to know it for fact—but he was damn good at pushing the limits. There was something Dean was missing. Neither Young Dean nor Past-Cas said a word about it, Young Dean striking up a conversation with Sam as he went about filling up his plate with eggs, licking away some bacon grease from his thumb.
“I told you, it wasn’t called whatever you said.”
“Uh, Teen-Dean?” said Dean, the first one after him. “I think someone already claimed this spot.”
The screaming ended as the form broke down, collapsed on itself. The flames of the fire continued to feed off the monster’s dwindling form. Dean stood, brushing dirt and debris off his clothes.
“Something going on between you two?”
God, it was something else seeing Sam
Cas didn’t look at Dean, but his lips twisted in the faintest smile, like something his mouth wasn’t used to doing.
“Yes,” Dean said. He couldn’t be upfront about everything, but he could be honest where it counted. “Yeah, I do. And I want you to know them too. And I’m hoping that soon you will.”
“I’ve blocked him from hearing them.”
“Then I’ll—” said Sam.
“‘Sometimes?’ Try ‘always,’” said Young Dean. “I’m a conflicted guy, Cas.”
“I can’t. I’ve gotta look after Sammy. It’s just me and him.”
“I’d heal you if I weren’t so… depleted,” said Cas. “Sorry that I can’t do more.”
, Dean thought some days.
“We’re not old,” Dean said defensively.
“I want Jack back there, too. If he’d like. And my Mom. You did it before.”
» that said, I only barely resisted the urge to make the griffin disappointingly humanoid in an homage to TV budgets
Sam got up in the night for a glass of water, passing through the living room. He moved quietly in order not to disturb the older Dean stretched out on the couch. He startled to see that Dean wasn’t alone; he’d fallen soundly asleep with his head on Cas’ lap. Cas, perfectly awake, didn’t seem to mind that he had nothing else to occupy him apart from the occasional brush of his fingers through Dean’s short hair. Still, it gave Sam pause, and he opened his mouth to speak, but cut off. Not only would it certainly wake Dean, he didn’t know what he meant to say.
“Let him go.” This from Jack, standing back, body half-bowed and hands raised. “I’ll go with you. You don’t need to hurt him. I’ll go with you.”
“Sounds serious,” said Bobby.
“I gave him sixty-eight dollars,” said Cas. “All I had in my wallet. Just to get him to sit and listen to me.”
“What’s it matter to you?”
“That’s not how he sees it.”
“Nah,” said Young Dean. He lifted both his hands. “Here’s the great thing about the Atlantic Ocean. It’s got two sides.”
Sam set down the box of books on the small dining table. He didn’t seem to know whether or not to hug Young Sam in greeting and settled on a handshake.
“I don’t think… I don’t think I deserve to go to Hell,” said Young Dean, frowning, discovering the truth even as he spoke it. “But I ain’t pure.
You couldn’t hurt people. You couldn’t make them do anything that they didn’t want to do. Just because you wanted something badly, so badly it made you ache in a way that shouldn’t seem possible in Heaven, didn’t mean you’d get it.
“I don’t even have your names,” said Eli. “I didn’t ask— Sorry, my social skills are a little rusty.”
Dean caught sight of Jody suppressing another smile. Teen-Dean’s younger voice and enthusiasm for the mundane was seriously cramping Dean’s image.
“I’m not a spy,” said Dean, trailing after Cas.
They looked up at one another, unspoken questions passing with a glance.
» the epigraph was one of those poems where it felt like a disservice to not quote in full. please, if you care to, read
“Lighten up, Sam,” said Dean. “That one-of-a-kind treasure is actually the foreskin of Jesus Christ.”
Young Dean got to Sam’s bonds next, fighting back the female Thrall to cut Sam’s hands free.
“Walk with me, Cas?” he said. He turned to follow the trail that would lead to a bridge, one good for looking out from. “How’s this place? Better than a desert highway?”
“When are you going to tell Sam?” Young Dean asked, a glance around confirming they were the only ones nearby.
“You just pitied him,” said Dean. Cas shifted again, searching for a better answer than the true one.
“Are you even a blond?”
“You’re 43?”
“Any job,” said Dean.
The door closed firmly in Jack’s face.
“Actually, I think we do,” said Crowley. “And the way I see it, I’ve filled my part. You wanted the angel Castiel. Thanks to me, he’s here.”
“I’m not coming up with anything on my phone,” said Sam. “I mean, it’s all relative. But Earth’s core seems a little too… scientific for a sea hag riddle.”
“Can’t I just pick one up at the store?”
. It’s not something I say a lot, but I mean it. I hate that you don’t like me because I’m kind of crazy about you, and
Young Dean took the opportunity while Dean’s back was turned to race forward, to get the jump on him. It was messy and uncoordinated. For a few moments Dean genuinely wrestled with him, then Young Dean was flat on his back on the floor, half-winded.
“We could do that,” said Dean. He brightened up a bit, getting an excited look in his eye as he glanced back. “Sam never okays the grenades.”
Cas narrowed his eyes curiously. “But you did bring it up,” said Cas. “On purpose.”
“Sit, for starters,” said Bobby. He left for the kitchen, came back with a cup of old, hot coffee. Had the smell of battery acid, like it had been sitting on the burner for hours. Not unlike (Dean thought almost fondly) the coffee that Sam made in the bunker years from now.
“Thanks. Means a lot.”
Waylon shrugged a shoulder. “Told me his name. Said he didn’t know many people there.”
Dean looked at Past-Cas in the rear-view mirror. “If we do that, you gotta follow my lead, okay?” he asked. “I remember working cases with you in the old days, when you were new. Sometimes looking after you was a job in itself.”
Young Dean looked at the grass with a stupid smile. The angel called it courting. That was the sweetest and dorkiest thing he’d ever heard.
“So,” said Sam. “You took off a bit unexpected this morning.”
“It’s not like that,” said Young Dean, and something gave in over the line. His voice shifted from defensive to resigned. “It was the car. I didn’t want to be in the car.”
Dean could barely speak without forcing his words. Looking at his beer bottle, thumb pressing slowly along the seam of the glass. Spoke tersely in the direction of the bottle like it had offended him in some way as he said, “I was talking with the kid. It came up that he’s just shy of this bad time with Dad. I’d call it a fight, but a fight takes two people.”
“We were,” said Uriel. “Until you threw your lot in with these mud monkeys. I used to think better of you, Castiel.” His gaze drifted from Past-Cas to Cas. “Just look what you become. Your wings drip with the blood of our felled brethren.”
Dean opened his arm out to the room in a be-my-guest gesture.
Maybe he did know. Maybe Future Dean told him that shit. Christ, Dean couldn’t think of why he’d do that, why the hell he’d open that can of worms. Maybe he said it when he was drunk. Maybe it was a dare. Maybe they’d been swapping stories and it just came out because maybe Future Dean was honest and balanced and had a real-life friend.
He always made a point not to cry in front of Sam, but this time he sobbed.
“Wait, we’re in Kansas?” said Young Dean.
He moved past Cas into the hall, shoulders brushing. He didn’t look back as he said, “Get some shut-eye, Cas, I mean it.”
When they parted, Young Dean turned to Castiel. “Well, Cas. I’m ready,” he said.
Bobby nodded his head slowly. Dean couldn’t fault him for looking doubtful.
Dean didn’t ‘get back to it.’ He lingered at the doorway for a moment, not looking back at Cas, then said, “And to think, all our success hinges on that guy.”
“Dishonest shopkeepers were also a serious concern,” Essie said, “but that’s beside the point. This one is to counteract ‘bad magic.’ Most of the ingredients are simple: olive oil, a strip of linen, some ‘brightness of the mountain’ – but that’s just oregano. It needs snake-fang and a bronze cup, which wouldn’t be hard to find. The only thing I
One angel stood apart from the rest, the clear leader.
“You’re sure?”
“It would’ve gone faster if they hadn’t assigned a scouting partner with quite so many ‘hunches,’” said Cas. “But they’ve recovered Rachel and Peter’s bodies.”
“That made it worse, thanks,” said Dean.
Sam answered with a soft-hearted smirk, properly aware of the group on the couch for the first time. It was hard to pinpoint what exactly had changed, but Young Dean looked different. Healthy. Eyes brighter, posture looser, a hint of a smile continually playing at his mouth.
. A rookie mistake.
“It’s
Dean’s eyes roamed the kitchen, looking everywhere but Sam. “Yeah, well,” he said. “We have. Moved forward with something.”
“What’d he say?” Dean’s voice was tight. He couldn’t take his eyes off of Young Dean, studying every minor movement and expression like it would reveal something more. His eyes were at once stern and glassy.
So Dean staggered back to the motel room door, one arm over his ribs like he had to hold them in place, and jimmied the lock. He gathered the last of his own things and filled a bag with all of Sam’s stuff. He paused over the school books. The half-finished essays. Sam had liked it here. Dean never wanted to take this from him.
this about blood magic,” she said.
Betty shifted forward to the edge of her chair, hands tightly clasped. “Yes? That so?”
Past-Cas bowed his head. “I hope you don’t mind me visiting,” he said.
He wouldn’t have done anything about it, except that as the record on the jukebox slid into place, the needle came to rest, and Dean knew the pitter-patter beat and that acoustic strum from the first half-second it played. Led Zeppelin’s “Ramble On.” One of his favourite songs.
Dean did what he said, responding to the urgency without asking for Young Dean’s game plan. The tires hadn’t even come to a full stop before the door was open, Young Dean’s shoes hitting the dirt and tearing off into the hills.
“Don’t tell me I don’t know what I’m talking about,” said Young Dean. He didn’t argue with anger, but with the blinding sincerity of youth. “Believe me, I had my reservations at first and this wasn’t the life I pictured having in the future. Hell, I figured I’d be dead by your age. But I’m not, and maybe being out of time has me thinking of all that gets wasted. And for what? Because I’m stuck thinking I’m supposed to be one type of man? Because I’ve made up all these rules about what is and isn’t allowed? What counts and what doesn’t? I don’t know who you’re afraid of disappointing, but if it’s your past self and old ideas of the man you thought you’d be one day, then I’m saying walk free from that shit because I don’t fucking care. I don’t want to be miserable! You got that? I can tell. I can tell that I put up with a lot of shit over the years to come. I didn’t get so good at fighting because life was all tea parties and county fairs. I mean, I go to Hell! And that’s barely the start of it. So if I have to wade through all that misery and pain, I don’t want to add being a sad sack over my love life onto it.”
Eli sighed, folding his arms across his chest. “I guess this is goodbye,” he said. “Don’t be sad for me. I haven’t been happy here. This isn’t existence. This isn’t worth holding onto. I’m ready.” He looked between them one last time, and he looked scared but Dean could see that it was true.
When he got up again, leaning heavily against the side of his car, he saw the Impala missing from the lot. His first thought was Sammy. But no, John wouldn’t go fetch Sam with freshly broken knuckles. He’d just beat the shit out of his own kid. John was at the bar.
“That’s something I want to see, now,” said Young Dean, mood elevating a little more each moment. He even laughed as Cas pulled at the sleeve of his jacket to keep him from tripping off the curb in front of the motel.
“No offense, Sam, but he’s not going to tell you jack shit,” said Dean. “He’s trying to keep up appearances with you. To protect you.”
Waylon came out through the door at the back of the building, next to the dumpsters. He was a tall and athletic kid, almost eighteen but with an inch on Dean’s height. Probably got treated older and had to grow up fast on account of it, but to Dean he just looked young, his fawn-brown skin spotted with a few recent acne scars, and his black hair messy when he took off the hairnet. He stuffed this in the front pocket of his heavy white apron. One orange light mounted on the wall provided gloomy illumination to the backlot. The rear door into the kitchen remained open, a picture-window of fluorescent white and stainless steel. Workers cussing each other out, steam rising from the industrial washer, Springsteen playing on the radio.
“They can get stuck in a Dean-loop,” Cas said. “Usually it’s an argument, but shared interests do it too. Someone usually has to intervene.”
Blue eyes that loved him so much, so much that he felt like he was drowning, that he was buffeted on all sides by a tidal wave of immense power, immense cold. Drowning under snow, moving faster than falling, emerging from the crisp white surface and gasping for breath like a man tossed overboard. He put his lips to the emergency whistle attached to his coat and it sounded like a siren—
“Sam told you I found Baby’s First Savings Account, did he?” said John. He raised a finger, pacing forward, matching Dean in snide hostility. “When would he have done that, now? Not on that long-distance call someone made to Sioux Falls today, was it?”
. Definitely the right place.
“That’ll be him,” said Dean.
“Then we’re good,” said Young Dean.
“We aren’t gushy,’ said Cas.
“Oh, yeah,” said Dean. “This is Teen-Dean.”
“Yeah,” said Sam.
“You made this salsa yourself? Is that mango?”
“Stop, I can’t with you,” said Young Dean, smiling wider. This had been the course of any conversation that had passed between them so far. The lovers’ prerogative: to talk endlessly of one another. Adorations and easy laughs, hashing over the past and dreaming of the future, the indulgent present extending around them endlessly.
“He’s that avoidant of Dad?”
“Did he say anything?” Dean asked. He didn’t grip Elijah’s arms like he wanted to. Didn’t shake him and beg for every detail. “Did he do anything?”
“Should I not?” said Past-Cas, gaze flicking over Young Dean’s features more intently. “But I like looking at you.”
“What about you two?” said Young Dean. “Where are you off to?”
» ch. 15 title ref: “Red Right Hand” by Nick Cave & the Bad Seeds
“I dunno, I guess he was pretty cagey,” said Sam. “I was probably the last person to talk to him? He wanted to check on the portal in the library before he turned in.”
“No— hey—” Dean looked down at Cas’ dark, tousled hair. “It’s too hot. Cas? Cas.” No response aside from deepening breaths. “You serious?”
go forward again, after going back. Right? He did make it back, didn’t he?”
“‘Friend’ is a
“I don’t tell you to clean up your act,” said Cas. He sounded uncertain rather than defensive. Looked it too, gaze searching into Dean. As if he wondered whether he’d done the right thing, the thing Dean wanted, in having neglected this.
“So you’ll back me up?” Young Dean said. “On using this egg?”
“Dean talks a lot about you,” Sam put in, for good measure.
Sam, who had known Dean through all his years of posturing and playboy antics, raised his brows in surprise. “Ladies and gentlemen,” he said. “Dean Winchester: settled at last.”
And if he thought of Cas at the mere mention of domesticity, what of it?
“Stop, Cas. Just stop,” said Dean. “Past-Cas and Teen-Dean? That’s you and me. They’re us. He was ready to search the whole cosmos for you, Cas. He was ready to give up everything if it meant getting you back, keeping you safe from people who’d hurt you. Because that’s how much you matter. And in the same place, that’s what I’d do. There’s no difference.”
“So let me try again,” said Amara. “Is there something you want, Dean?”
Dean laughed, which Cas reacted to with a cautious smile as if he were gauging whether he’d been given a reward. “Well I’m not playing against you, Cas,” said Dean. “We’re partners. Like in Euchre.”
“Most people don’t take it very seriously,” said Wallis. “They just assume I’m a very on-trend millennial.”
He woke up at odds, disoriented. He didn’t generally give much credence to dreams. You didn’t talk about them, in the life. You kept your nightmares to yourself. Like every torment, a man must bear it alone. Dean lay back against the pillows and rubbed a hand over his face. He felt the uncanny disassociation of déjà vu, like his mind lagged half a second behind itself and created an infinite loop of time that was neither real nor escapable.
in the future?”
- “Shakespeare Say” by Rita Dove, U.S. Poet Laureate 1993-1995
“So,” said Wallis with a cheerful smile, a forkful of peach pie in hand. “How long have you two been together?”
“Kid…” said Dean.
“Teen-Dean?” said Cas. A smile broke gently across his face, more easily than Young Dean had seen from him before.
“That’s what I heard,” said Mary. “Word of mouth.”
“Long story,” said Sam. “Look, I got away from those one-eyed dicks but the rental car died in the middle of the desert. I don’t know where I am. I haven’t had signal. I climbed to the top of this hill for a better lookout when suddenly I got one bar. You can still hear me?”
Cas just shrugged. “This case could take us anywhere. I don’t like being cold now.”
“That’s correct,” said Cas. “Do you want to go back badly?”
“Oh you’re so close,” said Young Dean, straightening up. He looked at the second hag, seated directly across from him. “There was one man going to St. Ives,” he said. “The answer is one.”
“Hey,” he said. “This is Dean. What the fuck? Call me back.”
He was half-right, or should’ve been. A middle-aged man mooning about how much he loved Sam’s alternate-world brother was something your average seventeen-year-old boy would find extremely boring. But then, Sam had never been quite average, and two years of his life had been spent following Dean trying to find exactly this. Sam could understand it, now. He knew why Dean just couldn’t give it up.
“What is this ‘evil thing’ anyway?” said Dean.
Dean gave a nod of agreement. He knew what Waylon meant. Less had changed since Dean went to high school than one might’ve hoped. Waylon was a big and sporty Native American kid, and there was a certain brand of asshole that took his whole existence as a challenge and decided he had something to prove. The assholes like that Dean had seen in high school must’ve gone and passed it to their asshole kids like a genetic inheritance.
The mouth of the cave wasn’t large. It could easily have been a bear cave, and Young Dean didn’t know how Sam could be so sure it wasn’t. Dean went in first, Young Dean following. After a few feet the cave opened up enough to stand upright. It smelled damp and animal. Young Dean’s heart pulsed in his ears.
Young Dean looked at her, fixing on a smile. “You’re Jody?”
, man.” He put his hands on Young Dean’s shoulders, giving them a good-humoured shake. “I can feel it.” Young Dean tried to push back the hopeful smile, but couldn’t quite. Holden’s encouragement was too authentic and eager not to get caught up in. He had an openhearted friendliness, magnetically agreeable.
“To a new world,” said Young Dean. “One where we remember all this.”
A word came into mind. He didn’t know if he was insane for thinking it. But he spoke before he could stop himself. “Do you have anything on griffins?”
“You mean that you don’t believe me,” said Cas.
Dean and Jack each carried a tin of kerosene and a flashlight, wandering into the forest as night began to fall. Like most monsters, this was a creature of darkness. Where he resided during the day, if it was even on this plane, none of the lore could say.
“They didn’t notice you leave last time, I take it?” said Dean. He was finding his bearings again. Remembering his priorities and guiding principles. Don’t complicate things for Cas. Don’t scare him off. Don’t act on how badly you want to hold him, right now. A tremor passed through him; the last vestiges of the Wild Hunt’s fervour or merely the suppression of desire, he couldn’t say.
“Yeah, kid,” said Dean. “We know.”
Young Dean saluted. “Sir, yessir,” he said. Cas and Young Dean came to a stop where the other two stood, in between the two motel rooms.
“How you feeling?” Dean said, voice low and drowsy, eyes drifting closed once more.
“Be nice to him,” Cas reminded Dean, soft and futile.
Cas looked at him for a moment in long consideration. “Dean, that might be something that’s existed in you all along,” he said. “But I can let you remember that comfort. Even if you will never recall the details.”
“I’ve been looking for answers for years,” said Scott. “For a long time, I came up with nothing. I kept giving up on it. But in the last few years, there were these old community boards I came across. Once I had some traction, I found more. I wasn’t sure if it was all a hoax until you two showed up. See…” He tapped his fingers a few more times against the table, more intensely, then caught himself in the action and forced himself to stop. He swallowed hard. “See, something kind of crazy happened when I was a teenager. And I never knew what to make of it. I’ve carried it with me more than twenty years.”
Over that morning’s breakfast, Lanie attempted to make a case for going to Raleigh alone for her hunt. Rational points were useless, and Lanie ended up making last-resort appeals to Wallis’ hosting instinct, but Wallis wouldn’t hear it. The boys were welcome to the house, she said, even without her in it. The theoretical ghost of Nana—somewhat less threatening each time she was invoked—would want it. Then, of course, Lanie shouldn’t hunt on her own, as every good hunter took a partner. The famed Winchesters were here with no less than four just to answer a few riddles from a sea hag.
A sudden, deep tremor shook the walls of the barn with the force of an earthquake.
“There ain’t explanations enough as to why you’re wasting my time,” said Dean.
happy.”
He unlocked the door of the motel, quiet as possible. Sam woke up, too well-trained not to, but he also knew that Dean’s unhurried and familiar tread brokered no urgency or danger. Sam didn’t say anything, just shifted and tried to get back to sleep. That was good. He had school tomorrow.
“Anyway,” said Holden, brushing it off, “I’ve been talking with Father Juárez for a while now, and he came across a journal from his old mentor that he thought I’d find interesting. Oh man, was it interesting.” Holden took off his hat, setting it behind him and leaning forward with his elbows on his knees. He had quick and lively eyes, walnut brown, reading and story-weaving for his audience.
“Only the best girl in the world,” said Holden. Without further prompting he pulled his wallet out of his back pocket. Just over his shoulder, Sam folded his arms and shook his head. Dean had the impression they could be here a while. “She’s my girlfriend,” said Holden. “We’ve been together for two years and seven months but I knew from the minute I met her she was the
Dean pulled back his sleeve and sliced the silver knife over his skin with a perfectly-human wince. He followed up with taking a swig from the flask of holy water, giving a shrug as it had no effect. “Happy?” he asked, crossing back to Castiel, offering the holy water to him.
?” Young Dean asked with a uniquely teenaged sneer.
Like shadows in love’s frenzied stifled throes
“I don’t understand,” said Dean.
“Yeah. Yeah, ‘hello,’ that’s what I’d say,” said Reid with a nod. He looked away from Essie to the rest of the room, doing a double-take and taking a step back when his eyes landed on Cas. “Whoa. Your
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m going to catch up on some research,” said Young Dean. An unequivocal statement. He waited for Dean to counter it, to say he’d been given an order, boy. To say he knew better.
“But the rest are,” said Scott, giving a nod, fingers tapping against the tabletop now. “That’s… that’s sort of what I was seeing online.”
Past-Cas looked up in answer, a stack of sticks gathered in one elbow. He didn’t cease his work, but he granted Dean the full measure of his attention.
“Thanks for helping us, Essie,” he said. “You’ve been more than generous. You saved Jody’s skin, finding her when you did. Then getting all of us on track in our hunt with your research and contacts. Now this? We owe you one.”
“No, no,” said Dean. “This ain’t a competition. That place you went? They fucked with your head over and over. At least Purgatory was pure—just death and your instincts. None of that psychological torture crap.”
Bonnie returned to slide a plate of pie across to Rachel, and a tray of coffees to Young Dean, which Cas picked up on his behalf.
“You know you probably can’t get sick, right?” said Dean.
Castiel looked almost nervous as Dean came within two feet of him, holding his ground but keeping Dean pinned beneath a wary stare. Dean stopped himself short. Cas looked like a wild deer, completely still but prepared to bound off at anything as small as the snap of a twig on a misplaced step. He didn’t want to frighten Cas away. But god he wanted to hold him, kiss him again, take him with Dean back to Earth. Every desperate feeling and thought from the past two years bubbled just beneath the surface of his skin, threatening to spill from his lips.
One more exasperated sound from Young Dean obliged Sam to cut himself off before he dug the grave any deeper. Young Dean finally turned around on a heel, and because he couldn’t exactly take back all the damage he’d already done, there was little left for him but to keep diving in headfirst, picking at the scab. “So there’s nothing happening between him and the angel?”
someone made a deancas edit of that and, if not, WILL THEY????
“I don’t need your fucking advice,” Young Dean spat, because he could barely think; the strain Dean put on his arm
» bro I don’t know what to tell you other than strap in, this is the most bonkers fic I’ve written
? How could he explain all of that to an angel who’d just arrived on earth and didn’t remember what a lie was, never caught a joke, and still believed in a divinely ordered universe?
“I messed up,” said Dean. “I thought I was doing the right thing, but I destroyed everything.”
Dean stilled, settled back in his seat. He didn’t look at the man across from him, only at the money on the table. “So you’re looking for something a little bit more than a blowjob in the bathroom,” said Dean. “What is it…?” He didn’t finish the sentence. It didn’t matter what the guy wanted. Sixty-eight dollars would solve his problems for a week. He put his hand over the money and slid it forward, folded it and tucked it into his shirt pocket. “Well, where to? We should probably go before it gets late. It’s a school night.” He thought Cas might like that touch.
“I know it will work,” said Bobby. Dean caught the implicit condemnation. He couldn’t dwell on that, though. John and Bobby could be at odds about the strangest things, and Bobby just didn’t understand that sometimes Dean was best put to use drawing fire. He was an idealist in that regard, where John was a realist. Dean couldn’t give it too much credence.
“As cool as Holden?”
“We should go back to Wallis’,” said Cas. “You need to dry off.”
Dean covered over a pan of eggs to keep warm while Sam poured himself a fresh coffee.
“He would’ve wanted to,” said Dean. “If he’d known to.”
“I was trying not to influence him,” said Young Dean.
Cas narrowed his eyes, gaze shifting from the distance of the heavens to the actual apartment ceiling. “Is that a devil’s trap?” he asked.
Dean knew the look of resolution on Young Dean’s face. “Oh,” he said.
“Oh,” said Dean. His brain executed a few ineffectual rotations, sorting through possibilities of what that meant. He didn’t have nearly enough information to go off. “What about?”
“Dean, his heartache runs so deep,” said Cas, squinting out at the horizon. “I have always known you to feel things more intensely than most, but it’s like two years have done nothing to dull his pain.”
“We’ll save it for our golden years,” said Dean, leaning back a little and taking a relaxed swig of his beer. “Down in the community hall, drinking terrible coffee, triple-checking the numbers on our raffle tickets when they do the draw.”
“Ain’t no thing,” said Dean, voice empty. “See you, Sammy.”
“Why would I be in danger?”
“Don’t test me,” said Wallis, raising a finger at Lanie. “I
“Shh, shut up,” muttered Young Dean. “You’re gonna scare him off.”
“This is,” said Cas, fully between them now, “an extraordinary argument that I’m sure could circle back on itself for decades, but I wouldn’t mind if we saved ourselves the time and carried on. Dean, you need coffee.” It was too early for him to deal with this sans caffeine. “You’ll feel better. Teen-Dean, I imagine that goes for you as well.” Cas gestured his head towards the kitchen, and Young Dean unfolded from his spot at the end of the bed. He passed the other two men to make for the kitchen, seemingly better for being out of Dean’s presence.
“I’m fifteen.”
Young Dean extended out his hand, palm horizontal to the floor. He moved it down, wordlessly indicating that Sam should lower his volume. Sam shot a particularly peevish glance in Dean’s direction since Young Dean wouldn’t open his eyes long enough to see it.
Except he sort of was. Standing where Dean stood. Wearing Dean’s clothes. Drinking Dean’s coffee. Dean couldn’t look at Cas because, fading grace or not, those blue eyes still looked straight past his skin and into his soul too easily.
He took the Impala down to a small park surrounded by trees on the James River. It started raining partway through the short drive, and he was wondering if it was worth it to make a dash for the picnic shelter or just eat in the car when Jack spoke up.
Young Dean half-choked on his intake of air, not sure if he wanted to laugh or what. “Well. That’s a cold comfort,” he said. “But I guess it’s something. How can you be okay with it, man? With sending me back there knowing full well what’s ahead? You would never send someone else to do that, I know you wouldn’t. Even if the world was at stake.”
. You don’t stand a snowball’s chance against him, so don’t take it hard when he beats you. Let’s just not give him any reason to lose restraint.”
“You know more than I know,” Young Dean said to Past-Cas. “They hardly tell me anything.”
“How could I forget? The medieval fake-relic industry was
They drove along exactly the kind of highway Dean liked best—two lanes, uncrowded, views opening up as they curved through the Mule Mountains and into desert terrain. They passed through Tombstone (regrettably) without stopping. Dean had been before, but he privately swore to return at some point in this time or their own with Cas, who would certainly find it a real treat.
“You know it’s not like that,” said Dean, wishing Bobby didn’t make him say it. John needed Dean. He needed someone who would follow orders. He needed someone to look after Sam. And he needed to know Dean wouldn’t vanish one day like Mary did. So Dean, nineteen and a man, needed his dad’s permission to leave. He couldn’t tell John what he was really doing, and John would see through almost any lie Dean tried to tell. He had to do it this way.
Young Dean nodded. “Yeah. It’s something I like. Like yesterday. It was nice.” Last night he’d fallen asleep without fighting it. Dreamless and easy. Woke up better for it.
In time he learned the laughter belonged to the Immortals, what he could only conceive of as fairies or elves. Impetuous and vainglorious creatures, matching utter amorality with whimsy. They took amusement in the form of tricks and traps and haphazard skirmishes. Dean fashioned himself weapons, or stole them when he could. Immortals couldn’t be killed, it was in the name, but they could be wounded and would cede a fair victory and leave the winning mortal be.
His hand found the doorknob that opened onto the parking lot. He stepped back over the threshold and John had no control over him anymore.
They landed in a lamp-lit bedroom. There was a cut-off shriek that turned into a curse, and Dean raised his eyes to face the barrel of a gun held by a girl with long, loose blonde hair. She stood unsteadily on her mattress, though she held the gun true, wearing a pair of black boxers and a large, loose t-shirt for sleeping in.
“Your memory of it was very detailed,” said Past-Cas. “You recalled the smell of baked earth and sea air and all the growing, living things.”
“Who’s Ronnie?” Cas asked.
Dean didn’t know if it was funny or sad that their assumptions were so quickly proven right. They spotted Young Dean right away. The bar was fairly quiet inside at this hour, with most of the people here to dine taking advantage of the small cement patio outside. A raised, garage-style door off the side of the bar left the place brighter and more open. The warm, mild breeze made it smell a little more like the outdoors, probably a nice change from the usual scent of spilled liquor at the bar, cleaning spray that was mostly vinegar at the tables, and peanut shells on the floor. Young Dean sat up along the bar, a half-drunk pint of beer in front of him alongside an empty whiskey glass.
Dean gave a small nod, not sure if she was placating him or not.
“It’s been twelve years,” said Dean. “I think we’ve bided our time.”
“I… don’t know why I bother arguing with you.”
Scott nodded, as if that direction was what he needed at the moment. He gave the bulk of his attention to Jack. “It was the morning Eli died. It was December, when the sun doesn’t come up till late. I think that’s important, that it was just before dawn.” He rubbed at the bottom of his goatee again. “I stayed late at a friend’s and was trying to get back before morning, so my old man wouldn’t know I’d been out all night. I cut through the woods. It was darker in there than I thought it would be, but I figured I knew where I was going. Then I wandered right into this weird mist. I was set to get myself lost for sure, I couldn’t even make out what was right in front of me. Then I saw something come out of the trees. Like it actually separated itself from them, somehow. It was tall—had this crown on of thistles or antlers or something that made it taller—and a tail, I think. I see it in my nightmares.”
Cas flagrantly refused to answer, pressing his lips and looking out at the shoreline. Dean laughed, jostling him with an elbow. “What do you say?” he pressed. “Come on, Cas.”
“Because there is no God,” said Cas thoughtfully. He looked curiously at Young Dean. “At least, not as we’ve known. When Young Dean created this world, God had nothing to do with it. Only Abraxas.”
Young Dean awoke in his garret bed, though he didn’t remember leaving the garden. Had he climbed to the attic himself, or had he fallen asleep on the grass, head pillowed against Past-Cas’ stomach? It would mean Past-Cas transported him here. He could do it with a touch, as easy as breathing, but the fact he could do it without Young Dean even noticing was what surprised him.
John’s posture tightened. “You say you didn’t know.”
“Is anyone else reminded of Rowena?” Sam asked the others with a gesture at Wallis. “It’s not just the red hair.”
This future with Castiel. Cas stood first and offered down a hand, helping Dean to his feet. Dean accepted the warm grasp, taking the excuse to let their bodies linger as close as he dared. Cas’ gaze drifted over Dean, a careful survey that confirmed he was intact and unaltered by the spell. This world they were in was exactly like the one Dean had come from in every respect.
“Right,” said Dean, further out of his depth every moment. “Yeah. Yeah, I--” He swallowed past the tightness in his ribs. “I miss him,” he agreed. “So do you. So does Sam.”
He woke up in the pre-dawn, head spinning, thinking he’d be sick. He got up and he showered, military-brief despite the weak water pressure of the motel. He took a walk, hair still damp, ostensibly to outpace his thoughts, but perhaps more deeply to use the cool morning to try and recapture that sense of brisk mountain air in his lungs.
That constant questioning—the back-and-forth on whether there was any love in him at all or just good humour as a reward for when he got his way—seemed too sophisticated to replicate. John just might be real.
And this was who Dean fell in love with.
“Sure,” said Dean. “Something with strawberries.” He flashed a wink at Cas.
“And stings like a motherfucker,” Dean added in.
“She’s the exception,” said Lanie. “She gets a pass.”
“I’m not alone,” said Dean. “I’ve got Sam. I’ve got Cas.” He looked to Young Dean, whose focus was now on Reid despite the lingering expression of distaste on his face. “He’s got my dad, despite everything.” It was the one thing that could be said for John Winchester. He would fight to the finish against the supernatural for his sons. It was part of why Dean had been so faithful to him. That he was responsible for getting them so much in the way of the supernatural was beside the point.
“You appeared to be more interested in the younger model,” said Castiel, arms loosely folded, gaze ever on the uninviting entranceway.
And yet. It was terribly endearing.
She looked up at them, her dark brown eyes enlivened with excitement.
Ghost.
Zachariah stood at the window with his hands clasped loosely behind his back.
“If I don’t say something you won’t stop buying them.”
The lack of consensus on what it was, and the contradictory rumours that built off one another to change the story, meant that it didn’t trigger any alerts in either the respectable journalistic outlets nor the usual web forums for the paranormal.
“Boy, I don’t want to know why that came to mind so quick.”
Dean exited the feed and tapped in the phone number for the burner they’d given Young Dean, an old flip phone that had surprisingly good battery power. They figured he wouldn’t miss modern apps and the Internet. He ended up on voicemail after a series of rings, as predicted.
That silenced Young Dean, as Dean knew it would.
“I've spent most nights looking into it. It was clear as soon as I arrived that Lawrence Novak’s fate meant something to all of you,” said Past-Cas. “I didn’t understand why, but you all immediately decided to bear the guilt for it. I thought it would be some assurance to myself,” he gestured to Castiel, “and the Deans if I were to investigate.”
He pulled his headphones down around his neck and turned the walkman over in his hands. It was all connected somehow, that was a feeling he couldn’t shake. And it had all happened. It had all happened even though it wasn’t at all possible. It was like he had another person’s memories in him.
“I don’t want to travel to the future any more,” said Dean.
“What’s
“And all this stuff,” said Dean, tugging him closer by his hand. He stopped his mouth just short of Cas’, flashing a smile. “We’re so romantic it’s borderline sickening.”
“I love the sweetness.”
Crowley turned his gaze up to Dean, studying him, taking his measure. He prowled forward, no longer needing Sam and Holden as human shields with the Lance of Michael in his hand. “You’re familiar with me,” he said. “Though I dispute being called ‘snake-eyed.’ I take it that in your world, we’re very good friends.”
“Well,” said Cas, looking away and lifting one shoulder in a neutral shrug. “Maybe they are. I’ve spent too long around you to know if there should be a difference.”
“Actually, yeah,” said Young Dean. “It’s not hard to find witches if you know where to look.”
Young Dean followed Dean out of the library. Dean had his wallet in the pocket of a jacket in the hall. It was good just to get out of the quiet reading room for a while.
Sam still wore that look, one that lay somewhere between disapproving and pitying. That was, thought Dean, exactly why he avoided conversations like these.
»  ch. 9 title reference:
Sam appeared at times, too. Accusing Dean of abandoning him for two long years. Sometimes telling him with cold indifference that he had burned Dean’s things and made it on his own. Sometimes looking at him with sad eyes and a cracked cheekbone saying that John caught up with him at last.
“We stayed in contact after Tír na nÓg,” said Young Dean. “Holden’s a good hunter. But he doesn’t act like that’s all there is to life, either. I’m trying to learn from him. Dad didn’t live that way.”
Castiel Novak (catstiel)
catstiel: u cant just say no thank you
gibbydidntlikethat: OMG HOE WHAT THEY DIDNT MAKE BBS LST NIGHT UGHJFDSKFSK I WANT HIS BABIES
letsgolesbians: ok but do u guys like me tho or like is it just like a pity thing
The door slams on his way out.
mrcrowley: lol ok
leave u on read bc we hot asf
members:
Jessica Moore (tellmemoore)
noarmkevin: thats what she gets
Jessica Moore (tellmemoore)
impalameonastick: youd do that for me?
annaou: that feeling when u didnt realize u were a basic white boy
bennyboy: pls
Sam Winchester (ohsammyboy)
saturday, 10:26 pm
annaou: uh like 4?
gibbydidntlikethat: why arent u awake yet LMAO
gibbydidntlikethat: we apologize, o mighty lesbian kweens
Gabriel Novak (gibbydidntlikethat)
mrcrowley: as much as i hate to say it… but i say it for all of us… we love you guys. stay safe. we are fictional characters set in a fictional world however, so the authot is gonna use us to live vicariously through us for the true highschool experience. stupid authot
Castiel Novak (catstiel)
hastalalisa: I HAVE A BEAUTY PAGEANT COMING UP AND YOU KNEW I WAS EXCITED ABOUT THIS ONE BECAUSE IT’S ONE OF THE MOST RENOWNED ONES IN AMERICA
catstiel: i can fix you :)
(See the end of the chapter for
letsgolesbians: now go gettem tiger
bennyboy: NOW CATCH ME
tellmemoore: IT SMELLS LIKE RICH
mrcrowley: like
annaou: whoa chill
impalameonastick:
MANNN I HATE MYSELF SILFJLSAKJFALJLAS
Sam Winchester (ohsammyboy)
bennyboy: uk what i mean
impalameonastick: (casbeingadorable.png)
annaou: IM SO PROUD OF U
deviledmeggs: you care!
gibbydidntlikethat: ugh suck my dick
michaeljackson: Why are the winchester novak stans in our house oh my
Castiel Novak (catstiel) has left the chat.
friday, 4:23 PM
catstiel: no mercy
gibbydidntlikethat: (Location pinned.)
impalameonastick: fuck why didnt you do anything
ohsammyboy: Lol one of their brothers just came out of nowhere with the most popular couple at school to stop them
Dean Winchester (impalameonastick)
tellmemoore:
catstiel: lucifer is in the south eastern quadrant of the dance floor
gibbydidntlikethat: IF BALTHAZAR DOESNT FUCKING KILL US YUEAH
cawcawmotherfucker: damn it i think i left my weed behind at the pool
annaou: how did u get into michael’s phone
bennyboy: shell be third wheeling ussssssss
balthysaur: omfg chair make it electric
friday, 7:18 pm
gibbydidntlikethat: fuck fuck fuck
mrcrowley: he’s the twinkiest one i could have on such short notice
months) and Dean has to hold him down by the arms and yells for Sammy to get his ass over here because if he doesn’t, Cas is gonna fly right off the bed.
annaou: YES YES YES YES YES YES
impalameonastick: bles
Dean Winchester (impalameonastick)
jackolantern: WOW
letsgolesbians: shake my goddam head
noarmkevin: oh ok
bennyboy: for someone who loves u that was fucked up
impalameonastick: what was that message
jackolantern: IM SHOOK
gibbysays: WHEND U GET UR PHONE BACK
impalameonastick: no problemo sammy
“Oh?”
“No,” Dean replies softly. “He did the exact opposite.”
Balthazar Novak (balthysaur)
catstiel: im literally just gonna get dinner
impalameonastick: i mean lol i didnt really like her either
tellmemoore: i love her so muhccc
leave thoughts, comments, whatever!!
anjollica: UGH I WISH I WAS IN THE SAME GRADE AS DEAN JDSAFKALFAFL
impalameonastick: later skaters
catstiel: Fuck hold him back until I get there
bennyboy: dude it’s so obvious who’s the bottom lmao
catstiel: And the football team has some very attractive boys.
catstiel: i did but this was a bad idea
tellmemoore:
noarmkevin: WAIT
gibbydidntlikethat: IM SCREAMING
DEAN: I love it when you talk to me with those big words of yours. You sound smart and sexy.
annaou: poor dude, i woulda been freaked out too
bennyboy: damn balthazar is here too
zeppelin rocks
impalameonastick: im sorry please dont leave me
sunday, 8:15 PM
catstiel: me too
jackolantern: is it like
impalameonastick: FUCK WAIT I WANT OT SEE TOO IM ALMOST THERE
noarmkevin: AFKALSJFALKFLSAJLFAJK TELL GABE IM SORRY
Gabriel Novak (gibbydidntlikethat)
impalameonastick: OMFG AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
michaeljackson: Smart.
Castiel Novak (catstiel)
beer bros
michaeljackson: which ketch is, and is very good at it.
tellmemoore: im pretty sure sam knows too
impalameonastick: i didnt know the most beautiful man on earth existed right behind/beside me in all of my classes ok
tellmemoore: (lookather.png)
letsgolesbians: 3 minutes to get to a room? cant relate
acabela: who the fuck is jared padalecki
mrcrowley: payment now or tab?
Sam Winchester (ohsammyboy)
Castiel Novak (catstiel)
Balthazar Novak (balthysaur)
gibbydidntlikethat: omg i cant wait for this to go downnnnnnnnn
letsgolesbians: absolutely young padawan
we hold this household together
gibbysays: holding him hostage babe
impalameonastick: like, i knew what his name was and i knew what my manager looked like i just never put them together as the same person
“Was that impression right? Did I get everything about him right?” The siren twists around in its pseudo-body, a sweet smile- that looks nothing like Cas’ smiles- on its face. “I think so. Look at your face, so starstruck.”
as much as Cas did.
far. But he sat there with his eyes closed and looking pale.
He went automatically for the driver’s side door of the Impala. He paused with his grip loose on the door-handle, looking through the open window. His old polo belt sat coiled on the front seat. So that's what happened to it. “That little scamp,” he said. “God, I wish him well.”
Dean fell back against the soft grass with his hands on Cas’ shoulders, never letting Cas get away from him. Here. Definite. The hard, familiar shape of his body and the pillowy softness of his lips. The way he pulled a hand through Dean’s hair just hard enough to make him gasp into Cas’ mouth.
“And that’s just the start of it,” said Dean.
“Don’t you worry about that, son,” Bobby said. “Least not until you get here and tell me what’s really going on.”
“You’ll make an honest man of me yet,” Dean said, finding a laugh and vying for a wisecracking air. Acting as if the smile in the corner of his eyes wasn’t completely boyish and lovestruck. It didn’t matter that they both saw through it. “Right now, let’s just live for today.”
“Where will he be?”
“Nothin’,” he said. “Don’t worry about it.”
“We really were always hopeless, weren’t we?” Cas sighed.
Dean didn’t want to admit how much he liked hearing her say it. He struggled not to be too earnest, not to come off as too partial, despite the fact he half-wanted to gush. “Well. What’s not to like?” he said.
“Be serious, Dean,” said Sam.
“I know,” said Dean. “Look, it’s complicated.”
But already Cas draped Young Dean in his coat. Meanwhile Sam rubbed at his temple and watched the road with far too intense a focus.
“I won’t make you talk about it,” said Castiel. “Of course, I don’t think I could make you do anything.”
Dean shook his head. “I don’t like it,” he said.
“Yes, I can understand that,” said Cas. “I can’t stop noticing how refreshing it is to talk with a Dean who hasn’t watched
“I don’t doubt it would, Wallis,” said Dean.
“We could just go ahead and burn ‘em now if you’d prefer,” said Dean.
“Yeah,” said Dean as Cas said, “Yes.”
“If I could pass you over to him without losing my hold, I would,” said Amara. “He wants me to tell you he won’t fail you, Dean.”
Jack wasn’t Sam. Not a brother Dean could take out his bitterness on. John never hid his moods and frustrations from Dean. Had relied on Dean to fix a bad mood when it came on and did nothing himself to allay it. Dean didn’t want to be like that for Jack.
“You won’t,” said Dean. “That’s enough, Crowley.”
“Gotta say,” said Holden. “Seems pretty handy having an angel on deck. I’ve had my nose broken twice.” He paused, tipped his head. “Neither time hunting.”
“Because of me?”
“Motel was boring,” said Dean.
He wanted to talk but he didn’t know how. Teen-Dean would know. Lately, it seemed hard to make the kid shut up. He hadn’t been like that so much in the past, Dean knew that perfectly well, but since coming to the future he’d apparently decided every feeling and every thought was up for discussion. In some ways, it wasn’t a bad way to live. He didn’t get stuck guessing. Didn’t get stuck doubting.
“Purity isn’t all it’s cracked up to be,” said Castiel. “I haven’t seen anyone live a blameless or unblemished life. You do things for the right reasons. For your brother. For people who need saving.”
“He was just trying to tell him about the hunt so far,” said Cas. “I didn’t mean to listen in, but I can’t seem to shut it off.”
like an adult in your own head, too,” said Sam. “For what that’s worth.”
“He got rid of it,” said Eli. “He kept it from getting Waylon. He’s an… angel, you said? Like a… like a guardian angel?”
“I think you must be a skilled soldier,” said Cas. “Perhaps that is why I’m drawn here. It must be part of a bigger plan.”
Wallis looked at Young Dean steadily for a moment, then a smile broke out wide across her freckled face, eyes lighting up. “I thought you might know,” she said. “Nana wouldn’t send just anyone to stay here.”
“The… The lion semen,” Dean repeated.
The liquid surface rippled, then circled around the edges of the bowl, swirling like an ocean eddy. The water rose beyond the brim, still swirling faster, a tempest in a teapot, then crashed on itself into the centre. A simmering steam began to rise from the bowl, the concoction muting into a wine-dark purple.
He dreamt of a saloon-meets-sports bar, hazily sitting at a table littered with beer bottles and whiskey glasses. Across from him a man laughed, the corners of his eyes crinkled. Dean couldn’t fully see his face, but he thought
(See the end of the chapter for
“Huh,” said Dean. Not apocalyptic at all. A radio played in another room, the announcer’s voice fading out as Gordon Lightfoot’s “Sundown” took over. “This is nice,” he said.
“Back to the facts. We don’t have the sword,” Dean said, reining the conversation back in. “You heard from Eileen?”
“It’s hard to believe it sometimes,” said Dean. “The difference even five years makes.”
“Not the worst,” Dean promised.
» it didn’t occur to me when I began that this song
“Then we’re on the right track,” said Dean, mounting the porch steps. He paused at the front welcome mat, which bore a Christian cross beside the ominous words,
supportive,” said Sam, with slightly too much gusto. As if he’d been prepared for this moment a long time but hadn’t expected today to be his window. “And I would’ve been, at
. I almost died a second time.”
Young Dean hadn’t forgotten his brief meeting with Claire. This time she wore a leather jacket and heavier makeup. She still carried herself like she had the world’s biggest chip on her shoulder, but Young Dean saw the way a smile softened her face as she hugged Dean, then Cas.
“Sam,” said Cas, head tipping fondly. “You, with your open-hearted sincerity. Your outlook welcomes it. You’re far more receptive to the idea than Dean ever was, as I knew him. People can’t help but love that in turn.”
“That the thing Eileen’s dealing with is a Fisher King,” said Young Dean. “But you guys knew that.”
“Hello!” said Jack. “Are you Scott Kinbote?”
Cas tipped his head as he considered the answer. “I don’t know if that’s how I’d put it,” he said. He was answering Young Dean, but looking at the Dean ahead of them. “We’re from very different worlds. But I think we look forward in the same direction.”
“I was a teenager. I was scared. I didn’t want to die,” said Scott. “I didn’t think about it seriously. So I agreed. I agreed and he turned around and not five minutes later— not five minutes later is when Eli Alder died. The King must’ve known he was in the woods, too. Eli always took these early morning runs, he did long-distance track. Rain or shine, cold or heat, school day or weekend. And I realised, he must’ve heard me call for help. He must’ve been running right towards me. And the Oak Tree King spared me that morning because it knew it could have him instead.”
“We’re friends,” said Lanie, casting one last critical glance up from her phone.
“Dean,” said Past-Cas. Young Dean walked by him into the small room. Past-Cas followed, oblivious to common social barriers. Young Dean carelessly stripped out of his shirt, swapping it for something with longer sleeves to sleep in.
“Is he?” said Dean. “He’s terrified of running into the guy. And yeah, we got cause to criticize Dad, but when I came back that Christmas? Oh, man. I was over the fucking moon to be back with you and him. I promised myself I’d never get sent away again. I was like a kicked dog pissing itself over the first lousy scrap of attention.”
“Don’t tell me what to do,” said Dean. “I’ll tell him when I tell him.”
Cas thanked him before he left. Expressly. Knew it wouldn’t matter because Dean wouldn’t remember and did it anyways so that he could hear it once. He could’ve just not. Dean wasn’t supposed to recall any of this. But now he did and he thought of the way that Cas held him outside Schaffer’s bar.
“Where’d you find this old thing anyway?” Dean asked Young Dean, taking the ID from Roger and flashing a look at the outdated card, forcing a jocular tone. “Kids, am I right?” he said, trying to get Roger back on his side.
along the way. But this time I’m feeling confident. I know what’s going on. I know, theoretically, how to get what we need. I’ll be able to tie up this loose end and know that when I leave you guys, you’re better off. That’s all I want for you.”
Cas touched both Dean and Sam and whisked them out of the barn.
“Hear what?”
“Yes,” said Cas, more at ease with human error.
They sat down to sweet tea on the covered porch, a breeze from the water keeping them shady and cool. Lanie went in detail over her hunt in Raleigh, relaying the successes and the near misses with equal relish. Although she’d come away with some battle scars, it sounded like she had a good head on her shoulders, as well as quick fighting instincts.
It wasn’t quite quick. There were a few additional collapses as the wood weighed itself down, then finally settled.
“Demons don’t know jack about angels, not really,” said Dean. “Not yet. Knowing about Heaven would give him an edge.”
Other times Cas reappeared and Dean knew perfectly well that it was false, only another trick for the entertainment of the Immortals. This was only a shade of Cas that would be ripped from his hands. But out of sheer loneliness and fatalism, he unfailingly accepted the pretended vision, knowing both that it would be torn from him and was never real. It was never Cas.
“Kid, it’s not that,” said Dean.
“I tried to pull apart your longing,” said Past-Cas. “To understand it. It was like a Gordian knot. I thought that perhaps, in coming here, it would be easier.”
He met something softer than the ground under his shoulders. Arms wrapped around his back. Pulled tightly against something solid and warm, and then he was no longer falling, but rolling roughly against the ground in an undestroyed part of the loft, his head protected by a cradling hand.
“Well then. There’s three of you, all with the same amount of ammo on hand. We’re gonna make us a Mexican Standoff. And we’re gonna unload a gun.”
Cas smiled. It made his eyes look warm, breaking apart any pretense of the icy disposition he so often tended towards. Dean knew the truth. For all his stone-faced seriousness, Cas was a soft touch when it came to Dean. A lovestruck angel too romantic for his own good.
“She’s not hidden too, is she? With the whole,” Dean gestured at his chest, “rib engravings.”
“Depends what you found,” said Young Dean, glancing up at him.
“I ain’t spoilin’ for them,” said Waylon. “Only some people don’t know when to shut up.”
if you wanted to talk about it. But he hasn’t—” He gestured over one shoulder to where Dean had last disappeared. “He hasn’t… come out.”
Cas shrugged. “He has to at least try,” he said. “Take care of yourselves.”
“Sam wanted to know when I was coming back,” said Dean. “That’s all.”
“I can do it,” Rachel insisted. “I’m a hunter. I can save us.” Even her father didn’t look at her, not daring to face the seed of doubt her very words contained.
“Mind your own business,” said Dean, playfully shoving at Young Dean’s head. Young Dean laughed and batted his arm away.
“I just know that this Fisher King is going to be nasty,” said Young Dean. “I want to put together what you know and what I know and make sure we do this right. You ever have that feeling in your life, like an unclosed bracket? This is mine. I came here in the first place to help you help Eileen. We were wrong about… basically
Ahead of them, Cas looked over his shoulder. He appeared far enough away, but with angelic hearing that was no guarantee. He granted them a modicum of privacy though, looking forward again and drawing a path through to the barn with Sam a few steps behind.
He was staring. He was absolutely staring.
“Guess I was,” said Sam, shifting in the back seat to stretch out his long legs. “Hard to remember it, nowadays. I forget what it was like, being so angry all the time.”
, asshole,” growled Young Dean.
» me: I don't care for the monsters or fight scenes, that's not what I watch
Young Dean didn’t know what to say in the silence that followed the waitress’ departure. He felt like he’d gotten things wrong somehow.
“You would’ve,” Dean said for him, for once not willingly obtuse to the fact. “I get it. Your free will activation code didn’t kick in till too late for him.” He gave a loose nod of his head towards the sleeping quarters where Young Dean would be.
“Eat,” he encouraged.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Here,” said Cas, shifting in the cramped space behind Sam. “He can have my coat.”
“You found us,” said Dean.
“He’ll meet you at the door,” Dean said.
“I’m serious,” said Dean. He pressed his lips together and shook his head, sincerity taking the place of his earlier amusement. “There’s not a lot to say. We haven’t done anything yet.”
“Oh, angel,” said Dean. Heat rising from the highway warped the air between them, but Cas remained substantial. “You don’t remember me, do you?”
And it was bad from up front, the icy silence from Dean, and the overwrought tension from Cas, but the worst part was having Past-Cas at his side. Young and innocent and uncomplicated. His silence was the loudest.
muscle car. Can I take a look at her?”
Young Dean flashed a wide grin. “Atta girl,” he said.
“Come with me,” said Past-Cas. His hand brushed Young Dean’s arm as he started away, crossing the two-lane highway so that they could reach a better look-out point. There were rough steps built into the path, winding down a few yards closer to the sea. He found a shaded spot to sit, gesturing for Young Dean to join him.
“You do, actually,” said Dean. “And you can. If you want.” He reached for the sugar shaker, moving out of anxious habit, spilling grains of sugar onto the table just to start tracing his finger through it in idle designs. “If you don’t want to hunt, I won’t make you hunt. See, I’m already changing things. Leaving Dad like this is something that never happened in their world.”
“Dean made the angel say ‘fuck,’” said Young Dean, looking to the sky and shaking his head. “That’s gotta be a crime by anyone’s standards.”
“Are you okay with it?” Young Dean asked Cas. “I mean, is this how you want to look?”
“I just want to do it right,” said Young Dean, gaze drifting away into his thoughts. “You know… I know I was a little, well, distant with Jack when I met him,” he said. “I didn’t really want to be. Actually, I really wanted to meet your kid. But when I saw the three of you together, it filled me up with envy. I wanted to be him. Looked after. Cared about. And I wanted to be you. I want a family. And I want to do right by them.”
Gabriel Novak (gibbydidntlikethat) has named the chat "so yall comin or naw".
ohsammyboy: UGH YOU'RE SUCH A FUCKING JERK DEAN
He gives one last hopeful look at Cas’ sleeping, relaxed body (please, please just
letsgolesbians: amen
impalameonastick: LE GASP
catstiel: It actually IS like he knew me from a previous life or something
Kevin Tran (noarmkevin)
the boys
Gabriel Novak has named the chat “FUCK THE POLICE”.
Charlie Bradbury (letsgolesbians)
bennyboy: ok speak
letsgolesbians: (igiveannapeckoncheek.png)
mrcrowley: the weed will be delivered by a boy named andrew gallagher
gibbydidntlikethat: hey ik we've never talked before but the lucifer kid just started beating your brother up out of nowhere
Balthazar Novak (balthysaur)
impalameonastick: lmao bitch u know i can read the chat history right
rubyfication: at the novaks’ party.
Dean smiles, so completely elated, crows’ feet by the corner of his eyes. Were they there before? Castiel idly opens his notebook again, flipping through the pages. Dean leans over to read too when Castiel stops at a spot. Castiel knows he can’t read it anyway, but he beams.
friday, 3:18 pm
acabela: what is going on
catstiel: what
catstiel: i love you too
impalameonastick: fuck u
Dean waves them off and rushes to the front door of the Inn, takes a few deep breaths, and twists the knob. He could still hear their bickering, but he, in turn, ignores them. Of course, there’s a wedding to be prepped, but he’s sure that Charlie and Benny can handle it themselves.
catstiel: You don’t have to
Anna Novak (annaou)
catstiel: didnt u say u wanted to watch the best rat movie of all time
balthysaur: bitch we’re rich and it’s a sunday let me live
balthysaur: i broke my fucking acrylics picking the lock
He loses all sense of civility, of humanity, and he grabs out a bronze dagger from his jacket pocket, stabs the other hunter, and plunges it deep into not-Cas’ side and-
impalameonastick: who do u think will win today
catstiel: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
members:
novak empire
impalameonastick: my uncle bobby says that he wants you guys to try out his new beer brew lel
novak empire
(He hasn’t asked any out loud.)
impalameonastick: why the fuck is a rich kid working there
gibbydidntlikethat: eh Small Wardrobe #4 has some seriously nice stuff for them tho
bennyboy: honestly? i thought u fuckin hijacked it
Charlie Bradbury (letsgolesbians)
gibbydidntlikethat: should i slide into his dms
Charlie Bradbury (letsgolesbians)
anjollica: i said “yall” dumbass ofc i do
bennyboy: we’re beer bros dude
impalameonastick: …
jackolantern: WOWOWOWOW CONGRATS
impalameonastick: babe
catstiel: I didn’t do anything.
deviledmeggs: SHUT UP
Charlie Bradbury (letsgolesbians)
balthysaur: bitch wtf is wrong w u u gotta finesse the shit outta this frat boy
letsgolesbians: i get it tho
Dean Winchester (impalameonastick)
impalameonastick: cas is getting antsy from having to supervise the new people and he needs a break
gibbydidntlikethat: JOKES HAHA STUPID BITCH
impalameonastick: ??
impalameonastick: yeah and i blew his dick so good he wanted to marry me
annaou: CHARLIE
impalameonastick: we deserve it
wayward fucking sons
letsgolesbians: tea
annaou: i speak for jack, charlie, myself, and michael
impalameonastick:
Gabriel Novak (gibbydidntlikethat)
michaeljackson: On my way.
catstiel: I'm home now
michaeljackson:
ohsammyboy: im finishing up my law hw b4 it’s too late
ohsammyboy: you know what you’re right
impalameonastick: i get why he hates me though
catstiel: But he isn’t a frat boy
noarmkevin: dont take this the wrong way but my mom wants to move in right away to see what being in a mansion feels like
catstiel: :)
gibbydidntlikethat: yes dear?
annaou: we’ve learnt our whole lesson with her and we increased security
“Wouldn’t dream of it.”
jackolantern: i dont think youre a basic white boy dean :)
mrcrowley: lol k
The scenery behind him is still just an endless warping of grey and everything, indecisive about what to become. He’s not sure about whether he will like the outcome or not.
balthysaur: you’re literally too soft for me to say anything
members:
impalameonastick: fuck walker’s lookin at me weird gotta dash
untitled chat
Michael Novak (michaeljackson)
catstiel: but thats okkkk
friday, 5:34 pm
gibbysays: who the fuck calls the tv room a parlour
gibbydidntlikethat: imma beat your ass. get fucking ready
members:
catstiel: i am in love.
tellmemoore: do you understand me braeden?
acabela: no problem
mrcrowley: ew
noarmkevin: NEW OTP NEW OTP NEW OTP
FUCK THE POLICE
zeppelin rocks
impalameonastick: YEAHHHHHH
Anna Novak (annaou)
friday, 5:19 pm
balthysaur: :/
impalameonastick: uh ok? why
tellmemoore:
catstiel: i said id make jessica pay :)
trashy renegade plays in the bg
annaou: what happened
members:
letsgolesbians: binge your favourite netflix shows! stream them illegally! read a shit ton of fanfics! go through social media and try to avoid political posts so they
noarmkevin: WHAT THE FU
annaou: disgusting
impalameonastick: hey uh btw.. since it’s at 6 tmrw.. wanna go to the lake that’s near my uncle’s house?? it’s p nice
ohsammyboy: dean is this what it’s like to be in love
gibbysays: haha nerd
the boys
Sam Winchester (ohsammyboy)
novak empire
impalameonastick: u know gabe sent me pics of u when u were sulking
tellmemoore: oh my god no
Gabriel Novak (gibbydidntlikethat)
michaeljackson: GABRIEL NOVAK WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
members:
gibbysays: as amazing as i am, constantly sammy
tellmemoore: LISA WHERE R U BOO
impalameonastick: aight do yall wanna go out and eat sumn
Castiel Novak (catstiel)
“Yeah?”
impalameonastick: im sorry if that sounded dumb lol
gibbydidntlikethat: ugh a functioning relationship
michaeljackson: What? No. Charlie just put up pictures of Belladonna.
sunday, 11:54 am
mrcrowley: and she’s back
impalameonastick: I HATE GORDON WALKER
Anna Novak (annaou)
bennyboy: WHOOOOOOOOP LET’S GOOOOOOOOOOO
sup babies please dont leave me
annaou: omg he’s swearing im shaking
gibbysays: watch unus annus rn
balthysaur: PLS IT CAME OUT OF NOWHERE. I DID NOOOOOT EXPECT THIS. I HATE IT HERE I HATE IT HERE I HATE IT HERE
monday, 4:49 PM
Gabriel Novak (gibbysays)
Dean Winchester (impalameonastick)
gibbydidntlikethat: thats the coolest thing that michael’s ever said my golly
Dean Winchester (impalameonastick)
deviledmeggs: :/ bitch
annaou: me too bb
Lisa Braeden (hastalalisa)
catstiel: oh in the bas jfskdsdkioejjkkllllppopopoio
noarmkevin: why, does gabe have the hots for sam or smth
DEAN: Wait, you’ve walked down to my house before?
members:
jackolantern: I SWEAR I SAW MEG AND BELA TOO BUT NO ONE BELIEVES ME
mrcrowley: LOL
impalameonastick: and every single one made me feel so shitty
ohsammyboy: because
balthysaur: what the fuck did u just call me
members:
hastalalisa has deleted a message.
hastalalisa: do u think she’s an ok person
Anna Novak (annaou)
monday, 6:12 PM
impalameonastick: NO FUCKING MERCY
Gabriel Novak (gibbysays)
winchester novak stans
catstiel: i am in love.
tellmemoore: second of all dont call me jess, thats only for my friends
also!! i love lisa!! but the lisa in my story is,, bad,, im sorry,,,
Michael Novak (michaeljackson)
hastalalisa:
impalameonastick:
balthysaur: STOP PINgfING AND FUCKING TURN THE ALARM OFF
anjollica: omg guys the winchesters are sitting with the novaks im sobbing
annaou: she just gave me a mini mars bar bc i did like 2% better on my quizzes than last time
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel Novak (catstiel)
catstiel: (brokenalarm.png)
bennyboy: omfg comere rN
Castiel Novak (catstiel)
impalameonastick: u makin me blush darlin
catstiel: i got the job done didnt i
bennyboy: if she wants to hurt cas
Kevin Tran (noarmkevin)
gibbydidntlikethat: dean winchester sam winchester
jackolantern: that’s so cool!!
DEAN, AFTER A BEAT OF SILENCE: Aw, shit. I’m coming to find you right now.
balthysaur: OMFG CN SOMEON TELL THE FUCKIN CAR OUTSDIE TO STFU
jackolantern: omg QAQ
Jo Harvelle (anjollica)
bennyboy: pls dean i care about you and i think you should talk to cas and who knows, get together with
thursday, 12:42 PM
“What happened this time?” Sammy’s breath both cools and warms his chest and it’s a little annoying, but he puts up with it.
sunday, 3:18 pm
michaeljackson:
“Honey, we’ve talked about this on the ride here- our anniversary?”
gibbysays: WAI NO
catstiel: pay attention
hastalalisa: PLEASE IM CALLING THE COPS
Castiel Novak (catstiel)
ohsammyboy: (screenshot.png)
annaou: complete and utter nincompoops.
annaou: LMAO it isnt even really a fancy soiree it’s more like a huge ass frat party
members:
impalameonastick:
ohsammyboy: ?
gibbydidntlikethat: actuUALLY
ketchyalater: im just looking out for you.
“Say that again and I'll break your nose!”
catstiel: I’m just chilling in cedar rapids
Castiel Novak (catstiel)
bennyboy: IM ACTUALLY OFFENDED
Gabriel Novak (gibbydidntlikethat)
im so sorry for the short chapter ive just been so drained mentally :(((
ohsammyboy: If that’s how you’re gonna talk about Lisa, then maybe you’re not ready for something with Castiel.
jackolantern: jess u ok?
saturday, 6:12 pm
Ruby (rubyfication)
impalameonastick: i miss u already ;(
mrcrowley: THAT’S IT GET ON TOP OF THE FRIDGE
noarmkevin: YES!! PERIODT
annaou: they're sittin handcuffed to the oh shit handlebars
Sam Winchester (ohsammyboy)
catstiel: i cant just ignore him
gibbysays: uve changed cassie
Charlie Bradbury (letsgolesbians)
acabela: what i used to own that place
“It’s…” He brings his hand up to his face, a movement so dastardly human that Dean wants to fall to his knees and beg for forgiveness. To prostrate, to cry for mercy and a pardon for his sins.
gibbydidntlikethat: GOTTA DASH
Lisa Braeden (hastalalisa)
PLES TELL ME WHAT I CAN DO TO MAKE THIS BETTER ;;; I FEEL LIKE IVE DISAPPOINTED YALL
the good kush dealer
aight hope u enjoyed this and not lisa
gibbysays: deal
wayward fucking sons
impalameonastick: CAS WHERE R U
Crowley Macleod (mrcrowley)
michaeljackson: 2 minutes.
impalameonastick: how else do u think i have the impala LOL
lucifer:
rubyfication: im nothing without you lucifer
annaou: IS WOMAN LOVING WEDNESDAY FINALLY MAKING A COMEBACK
Gabriel Novak (gibbydidntlikethat)
novak empire
noarmkevin: no, jo, im asian
hastalalisa: omfg jessica just bc i hang out w u doesnt mean i have to be with u all the time okay
Charlie Bradbury (letsgolesbians)
jackolantern: omg hi
gibbydidntlikethat: feel free to spread the word and bring plus ones. remember, only students from lawrence high allowed.
members:
“Yeah, you freaking will.”
bennyten: k gimme a sec
bad moon rising
impalameonastick: OMGDFJSDFH WHO TOLD YOU
catstiel: I'll be home in 2 minutes
letsgolesbians: OMG IM SO SORRY
annaou: WHY ARR YOU ON GRINDR
Sam Winchester (ohsammyboy)
impalameonastick: im so sorry i couldnt stop dad from getting hammered otherwise i would let u come home so i could bake a pie for u but fuck
Kevin Tran (noarmkevin)
ohsammyboy: What the fuck
mrcrowley: why the fuck is lucifer at the party??
Jessica Moore (tellmemoore)
we’re nerds, not geeks
deviledmeggs: why would u give bela them?
letsgolesbians: im sorry that i insinuated u r :(
catstiel: :3
Castiel Novak (catstiel)
Castiel Novak (catstiel)
acabela: fuck
catstiel: you choose :)
michaeljackson: Thank you.
hastalalisa: and jessica?? dont feel like hanging out w u anymore :) have a nice life
Castiel Novak (catstiel) has removed Dean Winchester (impalameonastick) from the chat “led zeppelin rocks”.
ketchyalater: oh...
impalameonastick: CAS
michaeljackson: Hasan Minhaj is the most woke and outspeaking person I have ever had the pleasure of watching on Netflix.
tellmemoore: omg okokokokokok
impalameonastick: autocorrect
In his mind, Dean chuckles. As if he’d fall for this fake imitation, this
Meg Masters (deviledmeggs)
impalameonastick:
impalameonastick: so im going to fucking find him and beat his ass so hard he wont be able to fucking breathe properly without a machine
balthysaur: im more for the older brother
monday, 7:12 PM
noarmkevin: god why did u guys hold this outside with minimal security at the novak mansion im going to fucking sob
jackolantern: my dad decided that i had enough punishments after my hangover went away
impalameonastick:
gibbysays: honey
, smiles. “Heya, Cas.”
lucifer:
balthysaur: THEY WERE ON THEIR WAY TO CROWLEYS ROOM AND FJAKJJKEWJAKDSFLKSA
impalameonastick: THE NEW ITEM, GO FETCH
gibbyddintlikethat: good
impalameonastick: eh
ohsammyboy: YOU’RE KINDA JUST A PLOT DEVICE FOR THE AUTHOT LOWKEY
tellmemoore: LOL BENNY
balthysaur: no but suck my dick
beer bros
jackolantern: IM STILL EXCITED
annaou: listen i think you should then
Castiel has to use all of his willpower to restrain himself from smiling.
gibbysays: aside from you ;)))
mrcrowley: suck my dick
“Don’t say anything. Please.” Dean stops spluttering, his eyes closing blissfully. “You were right last night. I shouldn’t have proposed to you like that. I mean…” There are sounds of movement as Castiel shifts the phone over to his other ear. “It was stupid. It was the wrong place, and the wrong time, and the entire night, I hated myself for doing it like that.” Dean nods, and he remembers that Cas couldn’t see him, so he mumbles an agreement.
DEAN: I coulda just picked you up, honestly.
Castiel Novak (catstiel)
acabela: honestly? me too
Anna Novak (annaou)
catstiel: ???
annaou: you are legally not even allowed to say any cuss words wtf
impalameonastick: wait a sec
He hangs up, and Dean’s left holding the phone loosely in his hand and Sam’s arm wrapped around his shoulders. When did that happen?
bennyboy: OOPS THERE GOES MY GLASS OF ORANGE SODA LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
jackolantern: byebye
jackolantern: it’s okay!! not everybody needs a man/gal!!
acabela: BEN? WHAT THE FUCK
gibbydidntlikethat: shut up bitch you’re adopted
impalameonastick: at least let me download our chat first. please. please, lisa, if you love me please
catstiel: the football seasons almost over, and not being a manager just to watch dean play is going to against my whole moral compass
gibbysays: i love that meme
lucifer: you’re so fucking annoying
michaeljackson: What do you want, Dean?
Gabriel Novak (gibbydidntlikethat) has added Dean Winchester (impalameonastick) to the chat.
mrcrowley: yo what
balthysaur: guys im crying my regular nail stylist is out so now i have to find a new one before tmrw AHHHHH
“That’s not what I was saying before!"
impalameonastick: what
Charlie Bradbury (letsgolesbians)
letsgolesbians: apple of my eye
gibbydidntlikethat:
balthysaur: :0
impalameonastick: im so sorry cas
impalameonastick: pretty sure i have like all my classes w him but i never really see him?? like i hear his name being called for roll call but i never really see him?
letsgolesbians: LOLOLOL
michaeljackson: And Charlie gets the same thing but the drink is a fruit smoothie.
Charlie Bradbury (letsgolesbians)
impalameonastick: god the author hasnt written u in for such a long time she feels bad
anjollica: yeAH we used to play together with the stupid bratz dolls all the time dude
Dean Winchester (impalameonastick)
Sam Winchester (ohsammyboy)
michaeljackson: God, our mansion is so big we have to text each other instead of just going to the same room we’re in.
acabela: you conniving bitch
ohsammyboy:
Gabriel Novak (gibbydidntlikethat)
IM GONNA WRITE MORE I SWEAR IM GONNA WRITE MORE I SWEAR IM GONNA WRITE MORE-
mrcrowley: he is a CHILD
saturday, 12:50 PM
impalameonastick: bc cas dared me to
michaeljackson: We all love and appreciate you, Charlie.
balthysaur: PFFFT HAHAHAHAHAHAHA I HEARD IT THROUGH THE VENT THE SOUND HE MADE WAS INHUMAN SKSKKSOSKS
bennyboy: dean
michaeljackson: Will you be back from your date in time for the party?
bennyboy: listen ive talked to michael
noarmkevin: WHAT THE FUCK
noarmkevin: uwu
acabela: but they’re all taken now :(
tellmemoore: YES
The stage’s background shifts into a clearing, the stage’s curtains lifting. Castiel stands there on the stage for quite a while, until he realizes that Dean hasn’t answered any of his questions.
catstiel: I DO
Castiel chuckles, and the sound gives Dean a tingling feeling in his stomach. “I know, but you were wrong about something too.”
tellmemoore: GABE U FORGOT TO ADD HER TO THE FUCKJNG CHT
bennyboy: i just love her sm i have heart eyes everytime i see her
impalameonastick: im going on a date with lisa
anjollica: wait
Balthazar Novak (balthysaur)
gibbydidntlikethat: ugh fuck off and get a job already
annaou: yall are seriously made for each other lmao
CASTIEL: You passed by me.
bennyboy: SHUT THE FUCK UUUUUP
“Daisies, no less,” he hears Sam say from somewhere next to him. The wedding was now no longer a priority in Dean’s mind. “As if I would order these things for the wedding. They’re literally a notch above
gibbydidntlikethat: you know what i want
noarmkevin: meg.exe has stopped working
saturday, 12:43 PM
balthysaur:
yes, it's my main, but i trust yall!!!!! uwu see u next time!!
catstiel: ohhh you know i could never say no to youuuu
gibbysays: how does he feel ab 2 bricks
catstiel: dean
Balthazar Novak (balthysaur)
saturday, 10:32 am
ohsammyboy: BARRY WANTS TO TAKE ME TO ER
and steps out of the room for a bit to take a shower (Castiel
bennyboy: wait let’s think this thru
bennyboy: catch me
They stay like that for a while, just giving each other small smiles; one wide and open, the other just barely suppressed. It should be awkward, the way they look at each other, but it isn’t, and it feels as if they had met before. Castiel is the first to break out of the trance, snapping to attention from the sound of a car horn that honked aggressively at another car that did something to wrong the other.
mrcrowley: i have a reputation
annaou: it means castiel is ready to get hitched and drive off to vegas
letsgolesbians: damn it
noarmkevin: SHUT IT
letsgolesbians: wait we are?
catstiel: Michael and I have decided to keep a strict eye on Gabriel and Balthazar in case they try to ruin your date.
impalameonastick: dont lie to me you bastard
novak empire
impalameonastick: hurry up and reply you dumb fuck
saturday, 11:10 AM
mrcrowley: dick duh
gibbydidntlikethat: I CANT BELIEVE MICHAEL FUCKING WON THE TURNING POINT AND THE FINAL POINT IM SCREAMING IN A BAD WAY
gibbydidntlikethat: we must control the gossip that gets out nerds
hastalalisa: what do u think ab jessica moore lol
Michael Novak (michaeljackson)
bennyten: im always here for u bro just so you know
noarmkevin: i mean yeah we ran down to the school to pick up our science textbooks bc we both forgot about our hw lol
gibbysays: imagine getting punished for going to a party
annaou: what’s wrong cas
Anna Novak (annaou)
balthysaur: i literally cannot believe it
Michael Novak (michaeljackson)
impalameonastick: good timin
beer bros
bennyboy: (gettingbeat.vid)
bennyboy: hehehsjhfeh i gonn fly hehe
novak empire
hastalalisa: no, he didnt please he didnt hurt me at all
bennyboy: ok
impalameonastick: i love you too cas
mrcrowley: i said what i said
hastalalisa: please just hear me out your friends lives are literally in danger
Benny Lafitte (bennyboy)
impalameonastick: cas?
michaeljackson: Besides, everybody else will just come anyways.
catstiel: after school
novak empire
Gabriel Novak (gibbysays)
members:
bennyboy: disgusting
zeppelin rocks
Jack Kline (jackolantern)
impalameonastick: ???
catstiel: (caswithaknifeathisneck.png)
michaeljackson: No, what the hell
noarmkevin: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
impalameonastick: ?
gibbysays: shady
ohsammyboy: I don’t know what you mean
impalameonastick: HAHAHAHAAH EVEN BETTER
letsgolesbians: yeah honey
Lisa Braeden (hastalalisa)
catstiel: did u know that ketch is lisas COUSIN
Kevin Tran (noarmkevin)
balthysaur: lol im at wendys bc i didnt wanna be there anymore
wednesday, 3:04 PM
gibbysays: teehee bitch
lucifer: give it time
catstiel: hehe dean check your dms honeyyyyyyyyy
“Take your time, Cas.”
Crowley Macleod (mrcrowley)
catstiel: IGNORE HIM
annaou: kevins mom is such an icon honestly
ohsammyboy: Castiel, I think
ohsammyboy: did i use that slang right charlie
catstiel: im here for you no matter what you do :)
impalameonastick: ure coming to the football game right
cawcawmotherfucker: my weed is safe, thank god
miraculously spring up from the bed and say his signature “Hello, Dean”). In the shower, his tired and adrenaline-less mind after hunting without Sammy gives a hum of appreciation for the strong pelt of scalding hot water that leaves trails of liquid fire down his back.
Castiel Novak (catstiel)
sunday, 3:19 pm
members:
annaou: ok
gibbydidntlikethat: WE AINT NEVER GON STOP LOVING YOU, BITCH
Jo Harvelle (anjollica)
michaeljackson: and we’ll have to start increasing security and teaching you guys self defense
gibbydidntlikethat: prolly gonna get laid tmrw get ready bitches
deviledmeggs: I AM WHAT SNMAKE S IYUT HTINK IM NOT U STUPID HEOO HSAFA
gibbydidntlikethat: OFKJDFJSAKFHAL
novak empire
Bela Talbot (acabela)
impalameonastick: lol he lowkey has the same fashion sense tho ngl
impalameonastick: STFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
gibbysays: NAD CROWLEY WE GO MEET THEM
michaeljackson:
SAM: We passed by-? Dean!
noarmkevin: I SAID WHAT I SAID
impalameonastick: wont she find a way to hurt cas bc of this
Nick (lucifer)
ohsammyboy: uh kool
members:
impalameonastick:
letsgolesbians: (screenshot.png)
gibbysays: stfu
catstiel: WHAT?
bennyboy: focus on your date dumbass
monday, 5:48 PM
michaeljackson: :/
if there are any mistakes please just comment them or send me a message :) or just hf in the comments ig
Dean Winchester (impalameonastick)
ohsammyboy: How would I know? You're lucky I read the stupid school blasts
Anna Novak (annaou)
acabela:
monday, 1:34 am
michaeljackson: Please don’t die on the way here.
Gabriel Novak (gibbydidntlikethat)
bennyboy: lisas paying right
impalameonastick: never
guys im so tired exams are so draining
Castiel Novak (catstiel) has added Dean Winchester (impalameonastick) to the chat.
impalameonastick: LMAO dont even lie we both knew u were awake u fucking vampire
balthysaur: ://///
noarmkevin: LMAO dont be stupid it’s obviously slytherin energy
hastalalisa: if u heard the news from my fucking father dearest then i dont need to tell you
impalameonastick: I DON’T KNOW
members:
Honestly, Dean’s tired, confused, and angry, and he can still feel it simmering right under the surface of his skin.
impalameonastick: lmao u like me too much to blackmail me
bennyboy: dean where u going
balthysaur: pathetic
catstiel: yes of course
tellmemoore: i just think it’s neat :)
michaeljackson: What’s going on?
Balthazar Novak (balthysaur)
gibbydidntlikethat: p cheap ngl but good quality
Michael Novak (michaeljackson)
deviledmeggs: good im alr in front of ur house
catstiel: He just asked for one of his minions to find Sam Winchester
Charlie Bradbury (letsgolesbians)
catstiel: do not worry :)
Kevin Tran (noarmkevin)
mrcrowley: it’s west but go off i guess
impalameonastick: u got it buddy
ketchyalater: why are you so hostile towards me?
Dean Winchester (impalameonastick)
impalameonastick: WHAT’S FUCKING UP DUDE
hastalalisa: id hate for a repeat of the whole… fiasco again :)
gibbydidntlikethat: LMAO i called mr walker over bc he was the closest and he broke up the fight
ohsammyboy: Yeah, a new legendary item’s out, and there’s a big reward for the first one to get it
thursday, 8:09 pm
michaeljackson: we’ll hold off lisa and her crazy connections
gibbydidntlikethat: you’re just mad i get more sex than you
Dean shushes him, bringing his face forwards to rest his forehead against Castiel’s. “I don’t know no Enochian, but I know the words Dean Winchester anywhere. I love you, Cas. Ain’t no memory wipe gonna take you away from me, you hear? I’m gonna get you back, every single time.”
anjollica: YOUVE NEVER BEEN TO A PARTY????????????????????????
jackolantern: (uwuidontknow.png)
letsgolesbians: :0 jesus christ
Anna Novak (annaou)
mrcrowley: kevin can i talk to you upstairs in my room for a second
impalameonastick: wow thanks
gibbydidntlikethat: oho that’s the plan ;)
balthysaur: can someone turn that FUCKIGN ALARM OFF
impalameonastick: SAMMY
Anna Novak (annaou)
bennyboy: :)
thursday, 12:36 PM
Dean Winchester (impalameonastick)
acabela: me too highkey
gibbydidntlikethat: ugh does that mean i need to call cupid to take limo #2 eweweweew
annaou: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
lucifer: say it
gibbysays: shit hell yeah dude
letsgolesbians: omg right u have to come to school
impalameonastick: NO WTAF
Dean’s heart skips at least three beats, he swears, at those three little words. God, he loves this man.
impalameonastick: he was my everything
Dean Winchester (impalameonastick)
noarmkevin: valentines day
noarmkevin: wow can’t believe it
impalameonastick: like creepily invested in her insane
Balthazar Novak (balthysaur)
letsgolesbians: I DONT KNOW I WAS TAKING A WALK AND I TURNED TO GO HOME BUT THEN I REALIZED THT I WAS IN FRONT OF THE MANSION I DJFHSJAK
catstiel: Let me check
friday, 3:19 pm
gibbydidntlikethat: (disgustangmeme.png)
Dean, his Dean, the Righteous man he had claimed all those moons ago with his own mark, who he had protected, tried to keep safe so many times, tried to do good for so much,
tellmemoore: DONT EXPOSE ME LIKE THIS
noarmkevin: i hate
Castiel Novak (catstiel)
He doesn’t explain any further but leans forward towards Castiel to shove his hands into Castiel’s coat pockets. He mutters something under his breath over and over, something Castiel can’t catch.
bennyboy: can u just let me in
letsgolesbians: iconic
rubyfication:
saturday, 7:28 pm
michaeljackson: Good luck on the date tomorrow.
Dean Winchester (impalameonastick)
gibbysays: fuck
deviledmeggs: what the fuck
members:
letsgolesbians: ok
saturday, 9:59 PM
Crowley Macleod (mrcrowley)
catstiel: i
“He’s still not awake,” Dean states, not asks. He’s been coming back home to the bunker enough to know that there’s no point in even asking. It’s Dean’s room, but this was the only place he could think of when he needed to dump an injured angel on a comfortable surface as soon as possible, so now it’s Cas’, he guesses.
we dating noww
Anna Novak (annaou)
catstiel: he’s adorable
FUCK THE POLICE
Dean Winchester (impalameonastick)
Michael Novak (michaeljackson)
Jessica Moore (tellmemoore)
gibbydidntlikethat: ohhh wow dean wearing a nice blue suit? if only he had a beard he’d look even better woooooow
mrcrowley: GAYYYYYYY
michaeljackson: shit.
bennyboy: iced out wowow
impalameonastick: (selfiewmynewbae.png)
noarmkevin: YES MA’AM
impalameonastick: dude no god i would KILL myself before i would text u ab it
impalameonastick has deleted a message.
Dean Winchester (impalameonastick)
Dean nodded, not knowing where this was going to go. “Yeah, and you’re honestly the only guy I’d know to say that proudly.”
catstiel: of course.
tellmemoore: now i really want that bubble tea fuck me
catstiel: me too bc i said left eye too
gibbysays: fuck u dont patronize me
michaeljackson: Damn it, someone called the police.
Michael Novak (michaeljackson)
catstiel: Does everybody remember the invigorating convo we had last week about how I needed to find somebody to fall in love with
noarmkevin: ew no im done with that
Michael Novak (michaeljackson)
annaou: no matter what
catstiel: Context: I texted Dean Winchester
letsgolesbians: ANNA OPEN UP YOUR WINDOW
members:
When Cas wakes up, it’s probably supposed to be one of the more exciting, magnificent moments in Dean’s life. But then again, when do things ever turn out that good in his life, at all? The angel (is he called an angel still, even with all of his Grace gone?) blinks silently, cloudy eyes refocusing and shifting slowly in odd patterns at the ceiling. Dean’s breath catches, and a million thoughts flood through his mind. Should he call for Sammy? Should he try to lean in and look into his eyes?
friday, 5:16 pm
annaou: CHARLIE WANTS SOME TOO SHE’S BESIDE ME
gibbydidntlikethat: the party starts at 6, earliest.
bennyboy: STFU PISS BABY
impalameonastick: bruh cas and i literally got back together why is this the worst week ever
bennyboy: on windowsills
hastalalisa: yeah, i hear you.
balthysaur: fuck michael for taking away our phones
Sam Winchester (ohsammyboy)
impalameonastick: dad's leaving in two days.
balthysaur: AHJSAJFHAHAHS
Benny Lafitte (bennyboy)
michaelnovak: I might not be a prankster, but I can throw a few punches.
deviledmeggs: is that the same ketch that u were telling me ab
gibbydidntlikethat: lol
impalameonastick: and he goes to our school
michaeljackson: That means I will have to pick those buffoons up by myself.
bennyboy: theyre wearing suits and cas’ hair is combed and shit
mrcrowley: 6 o clock
catstiel: Perhaps. When are they finished?
catstiel: ANNA CHARLLSI HELP SHK TWHERE THE HEL DID THSOSE THOOWOT EHA LKFJASFSAL
A tear slips down from Castiel’s eyes, unprompted. He is surprised. Dean’s finger comes by his cheek to wipe it away, and then comes his whole hand, caressing his face. Castiel begins to sob. His hand moves from holding down the notebook pages to grabbing onto Dean’s hand like nothing else in the world matters. Nothing else matters.
Kevin Tran (noarmkevin)
Michael Novak (michaeljackson)
rubyfication: lucifer?
tellmemoore: ew no we’re just childhood friends and current besties yall are gross
bennyboy: U ACTUALLY HAD TO SAY “hey babe lisa”
im gay you’re gay who’s not gay
acabela: dead meat
noarmkevin: god what is this tea
impalameonastick: GO GET THE FUCKING COLT ON SPN U LESBIAN
Kevin Tran (noarmkevin)
balthysaur: OMG YES I NEED THIS
deviledmeggs:
“Why was he so mad?”
also the formatting is wack! we'll return to the OG formatting next chapter!!
michaeljackson: Everybody, gather in the main sitting room and help me seal off the rest of the house from stragglers.
Snapping out of his thoughts, he walks out from the back to go to the back of the counter to wait for the man, only to be greeted by him tapping his fingers in an incessant rhythm on the countertop and the car snowglobe sitting there. He was whistling a random tune, then humming a continued version of it, a short chirpy song. It was a change from their normal routine; he arrived earlier than before, and was now impatiently waiting for him.
lucifer: perfect.
Dean Winchester (impalameonastick)
members:
impalameonastick:
monday, 6:21 AM
ohsammyboy: hsdut shtu th e fuk iup
gibbydidntlikethat: classic lesbian
impalameonastick: eye- ok
impalameonastick: get out from the window
impalameonastick: fuck
catstiel: lucifer agreed to help me all too easily hahaha
hastalalisa: god so fucking irritating just being here
jackolantern: start a fight w her?
acabela: lol i already escaped
saturday, 11:07 am
mrcrowley: ? i have no idea what you’re talking about
ketchyalater: oh do stop complaining, i’m already on my way to the airport.
balthysaur: r we kool now
ohsammyboy: Disgusting
DEAN: Shut up, did you not hear this guy? He’s been sitting on our doorstep, sulking, and I didn’t even know about it. Holy shit.
michaeljackson: Why do you keep using that?
gibbydidntlikethat: i love you too
thursday, 12:40 PM
ohsammyboy: Thanks Dean.
members:
members:
letsgolesbians: gosh darn it gabe u literally could buy him im not even joking
catstiel: i treat my mans righkstrklrtl
impalameonastick: “lol” “haha that’s funny”
acabela: im jumping her dw guys
Gabriel Novak (gibbysays)
members:
mrcrowley: that’s a part of life dont be stupid
balthysaur: have you sEEN his eyes?
impalameonastick: im not saying it’s bad but it could be better
The fingers tighten their grasp, and Castiel can feel the muscles that shift in the odd clasp of their cold, intertwined hands.
“God,” Dean chokes out. “You sweet-talker.”
tellmemoore: I JUST RLLY LIKE THE WAY THEY SMELL
hastalalisa: IM GOING TO FUCKING SUE YOU
members:
ohsammyboy: OK BUT I DIDNT TELL U AND BENNY ISNT NEXT TO ME
mrcrowley: bitch what
noarmkevin: i feel bad for her now tho
catstiel: I’ve done that before, don’t worry.
bennyboy: yeah cus bela planted the idea in my head and i just had to
gibbydidntlikethat: and like,,,,,,,,,, i like him sm but honestly?? idk if he likes meeeee bc im ugly and have a weird nose and i sorta hate myself.. but oh well
impalameonastick: FINE ILL DO IT
members:
novak empire
untitled chat
impalameonastick: heya cas
impalameonastick: i love u
Anna Novak (annaou)
rubyfication: no! id never lucifer please
catstiel: Did you pick them up yet?
members:
Anna Novak (annaou)
members:
members:
ALSO!! EXAMS ARE OVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEER WOOPDYDOO SKFDKAKJDSAFK
catstiel: I see you, I’m on my way
balthysaur:
FROM PEOPLE YOU DO NOT KNOW!
Castiel Novak (catstiel)
Dean Winchester (impalameonastick)
Crowley Macleod (mrcrowley)
bennyboy: to fucking cool
michaeljackson: Don’t do this. You’ll never be able to talk to us again. Please. Castiel needs you.
impalameonastick: guys i have a date
letsgolesbians: why didnt i know of this earlier :0
attractive, who has just asked him out, he thinks. Thinks. Oh, wow. Wow. That’s… what? His mind races through the most random two-word sentences, all of them expressing the feeling,
friday, 6:29 pm
Gabriel Novak (gibbysays)
CASTIEL: I love you too.
mrcrowley: lisas tried breaking in like twice its kinda funny
ketchyalater: please, it’s unbecoming for such a beauty as yourself to be using such language.
ohsammyboy: im introducing him to dungeons and dragoons
bennyboy: boy my stomach hurtin
gibbysays: YOU WANNA BE ON WORLDSTAR? HUH? IS THAT WHAT THIS IS?
balthysaur: you disgusting whore
thursday, 1:02 AM
mrcrowley: lol k
bennyboy: LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
balthysaur: what did my ex bestie say
Bela Talbot (acabela)
gibbydidntlikethat: shut up u shady bitch
balthysaur: ive been summoned
jackolantern: i love this house
Not-Cas doesn’t realize yet that he’s actually an angel, and Dean hopes that he doesn’t have the powers of an angel.
catstiel: was the screeching kevin
deviledmeggs: me too hoe
annaou: WHY ARE YOU OUTSIDE
Michael Novak (michaeljackson)
ohsammyboy: welp guess i’m getting bubble tea after school
impalameonastick: (stealthyselfiewcas.png)
impalameonastick: jurys still out
annaou:
catstiel: Dean, I’m the manager.
ohsammyboy: marry him marry him marry him marry him marry him
michaeljackson: Their detention ends at 5. Will that be fine?
balthysaur: mmm
gibbydidntlikethat: bc mr walker was out there and he saw it at the same time i did
catstiel: dean asked me to ask you why you don’t have a date today.
deviledmeggs: he kept me in for like 15 min bc i forgot one fucking paper out of 20
bennyboy: these sppons help me flyyyyy
gibbydidntlikethat: IM TRYING TO
lucifer: god you’re so annoying. aren’t you glad that you’re my girlfriend? or else i would have kicked your stupid face in the moment you said anything.
ketchyalater: ah. i see.
Balthazar Novak (balthysaur)
impalameonastick:
Another siren case, Dean realizes. He had guessed correctly.
thursday, 10:20 AM
ohsammyboy: No, he’s not. Bobby said he’d be back tomorrow.
“It’s getting better,” Dean says, taking another bite. “It’s been a while since your last reset.”
anjollica:
acabela: <3
annaou: anyways charlie and i are back to being the queens of valentines day
impalameonastick: im sorry that i was texting during our date, i didnt mean to upset you
catstiel: … yes?
letsgolesbians: WAIT THAT MEANS WE’RE ALL GONNA GET DRIPPED OUT
members:
Benny Lafitte (bennyboy)
lucifer: say that you’re nothing without me. i’m all you have in your stupid, sad fucking life
Kevin Tran (noarmkevin)
impalameonastick: his big dummy question is if he should go
jackolantern: OH MY GODSH
annaou: bc gabe and balthy would hunt her down and never stop harassing her for candies
balthysaur: well im just glad i got my nails done in time oooooof
He really didn’t need this right now. “Listen, there must be a mistake,” he says calmly to the delivery man, just to get him away as fast as he can in case his brother decides to strike.
michaeljackson: Absolutely not.
bennyboy: nno
michaeljackson: There are many hiding spaces there.
with you? And how does it take me so fucking long to get it through my head that I want you?” He hauled himself up to stand again, feeling slightly steadier. Cas studied him with fond amusement, and Young Dean wasn’t sure whether Cas liked him for himself or for what he saw of the future Dean in him. Perhaps it was both. Perhaps it didn’t matter much to Cas.
“Forgot you liked to do that,” said Young Dean. “There a problem with the location?”
naughty boy, Dean Winchester,” Zachariah said. “You know things you shouldn’t know. It isn’t time for angels to walk the Earth, yet.” He paced closer. “This will be over quickly,” he said, raising a hand. “You’ll forget we were ever here.”
A silence followed his unanswerable question.
“No more secrets?” said Dean. “Really? Cause lately that seems like a bottomless well.”
“We’re looking at tomorrow night,” Sam answered. “We need Cas at full power to zap you out if it gets hairy.”
Cas regarded Dean last, his eyes searching him up and down before turning back towards the scrubland at the side of the road. His gaze turned millions of miles distant. “It has been some time since I looked upon something beautiful,” he answered.
Eileen’s eyes widened expressively. She looked at Dean and Cas on the couch, then back at Sam.  There was a question there she didn’t need to sign to speak.
“I guess there’s a part of me that wants to see how things turn out,” said Young Dean. “Do we get the sword? Do we help save Eileen? Do I survive this injury?” He gave a nod to Dean’s bandaged stomach. It made Dean laugh.
“Could you find her?” Dean asked Cas. “Jody.”
,” he gestured at Young Dean, “and
something here.” He pressed a thumb into his palm, rubbing at his hand for the sake of idle movement. “We don’t usually get the chance to see ourselves, like how an outsider would. My gut reaction was to hate it. But it’s changed.” Young Dean looked up from his hands to meet Dean’s eyes. “You know what we felt like, sometimes. Being around Dad, being around hunters. Like we had to keep up appearances. Like we had to be seen as tough. Always proving we belonged, and always scared shitless someone would point us out and say, ‘He’s not right. He’s not enough.’ You heard it. The comments that we were too…” Too pretty. Too fine-featured. Conspicuous in just the way he looked, no matter how he tried to conceal it beneath a macho front and John’s over-sized leather jacket. No matter how tall Dean got, no matter how hard he trained himself, no matter how ruthless a hunter he became.
“You kept dreaming of beautiful places,” Cas admitted, looking half-abashed. “Yet the thing I always admired most…”
“And incurable,” said Cas. “Go back to sleep, Dean. It’s late.”
“We can buy you a new polo belt,” Cas said dryly.
Cas paired his angled head with an unimpressed look. Dean returned it with his patented I’m-adorable expression and a helpless shrug, taking a drink from his coffee.
“Oh for fuck’s sake,” said Claire, rolling her eyes. “If you aren’t the real deal, you sure have the act down. Let’s see it, Dean.”
“What? You’re using Cas like some angelic life-preserver?”
“That is a plus,” Dean acknowledged.
didn’t think before talking.
Sam shook his head. “They didn’t have it,” he said. He put on a composed front, but this information was a blow. “They’ve never had it. The sword has been missing for centuries.”
“I’ve suddenly just remembered how infuriating it is to have a conversation with myself,” said Dean, grinding the heel of his hand against his forehead. Young Dean laughed.
“Okay. So, just curious, why not pop in on me next year?” said Dean. “If you had the option. When I’m twenty and have another year hunting under my belt? I mean, I think I can do it now, but I just wanna know—”
Of course it was the first to break.
“I suspect he’s refreshing in some ways,” said Cas. “It’s more even. He doesn’t have a history with you the way I do. That always made things lopsided.”
“Yeah. Yeah, I guess it was.” Dean wasn’t one for reneging on promises, backing down from fights. Never had been.
Time is like wax, dripping from a candle flame. In the moment, it is molten and falling, with the capability to transform into any shape. Then the moment passes, and the wax hits the table top and solidifies into the shape it will always be. It becomes the past – a solid single record of what happened, still holding in its wild curves and contours the potential of every shape it could have held.
“Things we need at the bunker,” Dean said, pointing to the barbeque with a set of tongs. “Place isn’t really set up for a nice patio, though.” Cas’ earlier words ran through his head as soon as he said it. A home of their own. A place where they could do this. Not just cook and catch a little sun and fresh air, no. It was more than that. He couldn’t stop himself imagining living like Wallis and Lanie. Having a spot for a bunch of stray hunters to crash when they needed help or advice or just a safe place to lay their heads. The bunker could be that, sure, and sometimes it was, but it was also, well, a bunker. A secure facility in which to hide against imminent danger, but not a place to grow. To live. To raise a kid. And it wasn’t where Dean wanted to die.
“It have something to do with Elijah Alder?” Dean asked.
It must have happened when he blinked. The face he looked at had altered. Some lines smoothed out while others sharpened. His hair was a little longer, wavier at that length. His eyes looked positively doe-like.
“You stole a motorcycle from the bunker and took off without warning,” said Dean. “Yeah, we’re gonna have a talk.”
as well as, adorably, the man he loved. Affection vied with awe, but also… a very present thrum of pure attraction.
with this guy.
There was another bottle of the same wine, unopened, on the counter. He managed to remove the foil alright, but Essie’s only corkscrew was one of those complicated ones that waiters used. He didn’t think it would be beyond him, but his first attempt simply skewered the top half of the stopper.
“You mean you keep my bones as something to dangle over me the next time he wants something,” said Crowley, glancing at Young Dean.
“Sounded like mumbo-jumbo to me,” said Dean, staring down at Past-Cas. Young Dean knew that expression. Concern and confusion but, more than anything, guilt. He should have stepped in the way of the spell. He should have been the one to take the brunt of any pain. Even if what would only disable an angel would kill a human, it still should have been Dean. He was the grunt. He was expendable.
Chuck swept at once into the inevitable chain reaction. One threat muted, one remaining. He thrust both hands towards Jack, a surge of invisible force rocking the beach below their feet, disturbing air and water and rustling through the tops of the trees. Focusing his energy with gritted determination.
“I just wanna do right by you,” said Dean.
Shakespeare say
“You say he protected you,” said Dean. Waylon, six-two and rugby-fit, likely wasn’t used to being protected. “You know what came at you?”
Dean noticed the minute change in Cas’ expression. “What?” he asked.
Dean nodded his head a few times. “You and Dad split ways.”
“What d’you mean by that?” Dean asked, still surly.
Dean wanted to wrench his hand away from her. The smile he gave was sick and weak.
“Zachariah,” said Cas. “What is this?”
like loving someone who is out there in the
“How long?” asked Dean. His voice caught in saying it.
“You’re not subtle about the witch thing, are you?” said Dean, gesturing at an art print hanging on one wall that said ‘Plant Witch,’ and another one above the counter with herbs and phases of the moon.
Young Dean carefully took the record out of its sleeve, briefly admiring the condition. He set the needle down with a practiced hand and Dean thought for a moment that maybe he wasn’t so bad. Maybe he wasn’t such a fuck-up.
» this is actually the end. thank you for reading! for those of you who would like the extra credit assignment, please listen to “
you?” the girl asked.
“Actually,” said Reid. He looked at Dean with a more direct focus than he’d hitherto been capable of. “My Greek is great and my spellwork is better.” He strutted forward. Dean could smell the pot and patchouli coming off him. Reid was a few inches shorter but didn’t seem to know it. His eyes flicked over Dean. “You think you’re the only one who thinks it’s on him to save the world?”
Dean slung his arm casually across the back of the cushions. Cas briefly tipped his head back against it in acknowledgement, shooting Dean a warm look from the corner of his eyes and the barest hint of a smile. Somewhere along the line they’d become masters of these subtle and clandestine intimacies. Unconscious disciples of a private language, each small gesture serving as enormous documentation of affection that no one outside themselves could fully interpret. Moment to moment they invented new expressions of love. Some days Dean swore they were the originators of it.
“I figure he’s probably tired of me,” said Dean. “And you’ve been on library duty the past couple days. You should see a bit of the town. I’ll give him some spending money.”
“Couldn’t sleep,” said Young Dean.
“It’s my mom’s birthday on the third,” said Lanie.
The collar of Young Dean’s shirt pulled against his throat when Zachariah seized him. The earth disappeared from under him, then suddenly returned in the unsteady form of one of the highest of the barn’s crossbeams. He barely had his footing, reaching for the angled strut behind his head to catch himself before he fell. There were multiple higher levels for storage and stacking hay on either side of the loft, but here he looked directly down to the threshing floor three storeys below him.
“Hey, yeah, what was with that?” said Dean. “That was not
The nearest motel was almost forty miles away, but Eileen had a solution for them there. One of the first signs of what she was dealing with in her initial case research had been a series of people suddenly abandoning their homes in the surrounding area. Some people were sensitive to the morbid atmosphere the Fisher King brought with him. The dying of insects and animals as the land began to waste triggered a flight response. Happily settled people in this sparse bit of country got up and left their lives behind, taking little with them in their sudden decision to simply get away. It was just as well for them, as they might otherwise have become Thralls of the Fisher King.
He didn’t know if Cas heard the last part. The voice of Bon Jovi from the radio alarm woke him sharply, the dream evaporating. “No,” he said. “No, no, no…” He turned over onto his stomach, pressing his eyes shut tight, wanting to trick himself back into sleep, back into the same dream. Panic had such an instant hold on him that to fall asleep again would be impossible, and he knew it, but he refused to open his eyes. “Cas,” he whispered, fingers gripping his pillow, trying to block out the morning sunlight through the blinds and the sound of the radio. “Cas, I hope you can hear me. I’m here. I been here. I’m saving you.”
At the top of the stairs, just outside the doorway, stood Past-Cas. He’d been in the living room a minute ago, but of course, he could beat Young Dean here.
“Because he would absolutely find it a turn-on,” said Young Dean.
Dean glanced up. You could barely see it. The cream-coloured paint nearly blended in with the white of the ceiling. Most casual guests dropping in wouldn’t notice, but it was enough to work. But before ‘05, there were hardly any demons around.  “What are you doing with a devil’s trap in your apartment?” Dean asked.
“I don’t get it, man,” Dean said, voice deep and quiet and half-caught in his throat. “You’re saying all this now, but when you go back to ‘98, forgetting all this ever happened, that’s not how you feel. You spend one day in the future and suddenly you’re all enlightened? Because I remember
He waited in his station wagon outside the small theatre, watching out all the while for signs of the Impala. Above the hardware store next to the cinema, a young couple strung multicoloured Christmas lights around their window.  He could almost hear the schmaltzy Christmas music in the way the girl beamed up at her partner, mildly swaying her shoulders and hips to a song, inviting some saccharine intimacy. Dean flipped down his sun visor and angled it so he wouldn’t have to see them.
It was Sam but Sam was older, taller, hair longer. Meeting him in a hug to say how relieved they were to find him alive. Someone else who said,
Dean felt another brief flare of panic he tried to quell. He didn’t like showing John his fear. He didn’t think it helped him any. Instead, he told himself he would not cower. He tried to spread his shoulders out again without coming across as aggressive. He tried to straighten his spine without becoming imposing. The eternal balancing act.
“Like… like ghosts. Werewolves. Vampires. Mothman?”
“Got something to get off your chest?”
Dean looked over his shoulder at the portal. “Well, I guess this is us,” he said. He caught a flash of a smile on Cas’ mouth, but didn’t understand it. He told himself he’d ask later, but would inevitably forget. He took in Young Dean’s face one more time, perfectly understanding the melancholy wistfulness he saw there. He felt it just the same. “C’mere,” he said, and he met Young Dean for a proper, wholehearted hug. “You bring that family one day,” he reminded him.
Sam looked around, taking in the blue of the sky, the gentle stillness of the orchard. “Well, our world doesn’t seem any different,” he said. “And you? Your memories all the same?”
“Yeah. That,” said Young Dean. “Cas, he thought you couldn’t. He thought you
“What does?” Castiel asked, glancing out the front window, looking to the right of where the Watcher stood. “Is it
“He made a sad face,” Past-Cas continued. “So I instantly forgave him.”
“He gonna be sick?” Dean asked as he approached. He knew his own iron stomach. He knew how much it took to be ill, and he didn’t think Young Dean had gone
“What does he need?” Jody asked, stepping forward from the doorway, passing Essie who looked on with a furrowed brow. “Time to heal? A counter-spell?”
Another shared look with Cas, not sure if he should lie or not. “Uh, Sam is… We haven’t heard from him, actually.”
“I would be unharmed,” said Cas. “I’d go back to my post.”
In Caspar, Wyoming, they had to switch out of Baby and move into something that could handle the mountain terrain a little better. Dean justified it to himself under the premise that Baby wasn’t
“Yeah,” said Young Dean. He flicked his thumb against the lip of his beer bottle, looking at it without seeing. He shook his head, moved his hands again to sign. “It’s in all the stories.”
Dean drummed his fingers against his bottle of beer. John got obsessed with things easily, and even if he’d been a shitty dad, being a father had meant something to him. He’d centred his personality around that facet, after Mary’s death, and had always seen raising his sons as a sacred duty. How they turned out reflected on him, a final judgment on his success or failure as a father. As a big man. On top of losing that connection to his boys, he wouldn’t be able to stand the idea that they tarnished his image in multifold ways: by rejecting the life he’d picked, by heading for college, by wanting to get away from him. He wouldn’t even like that Dean was working as a mechanic, the job John left for hunting. Hunting was the only career worth devoting a man’s time to, and one that didn’t allow for much of a life outside. That Young Dean somehow managed both without uprooting Sam was impressive.
Dean bit his tongue. Jack wasn’t wrong. A party in the woods came with all kinds of no-no’s—trespassing, drugs, underage drinking. Criminal offences, sure, but the teens would be most worried about getting grounded. Things getting back to their parents.
“I already knew what Dad thought,” Dean said. He prodded at a package of new potatoes wrapped in tinfoil for something to do.
Snow replaced the scene where most of the fight played out, changing the landscape so drastically that neither Sam nor Dean would have known it for the same place.
“Thanks for coming here, Reid,” said Essie.
“Yeah,” said Dean. “I reckon I am.”
Dean rolled his eyes and avoided answering. “Teen-Dean asked for both of you?” he said.
“Not alone,” she said. “I would need every inch of Jack’s help.”
, dir. Tony Richardson, written by Shelagh Delaney (1961, UK)
“No,” Dean said quickly. “Y’ain’t God.”
“I don’t want him to get upset,” said Dean. “Or try to get involved. And I want him to stay put, here. Sammy likes his new school.”
He swept open the newspaper on the table, leaving bloody thumbprints as he paged past national news (the latest in the Clinton scandal) to find Local Events (the Christmas food drive, a recruitment ad for local carollers). There were two dinky theatres in town. The Diamond Cinema and the Mayfair. The former had
“You think it’s gonna go wrong?”
“Hopeless,” muttered Sam. He got up and pulled a change of clothes from Dean’s bag. Dean tried to reach out an arm, but his whole body felt strangely heavy and no matter how hard he thought about lifting his hand, he couldn’t do anything.
“Figure out what’s going on here,” said Dean. “Figure out what went on at that party a few nights ago.”
“Starving,” said Young Dean.
Cas lifted his head from his book to look across at Young Dean, though the heavy-lidded gaze remained placid. Not offended, not startled, just even-keeled as always. Young Dean wondered if Cas was seeing right through him. Right through the pompous front of locker-room jawing, a faithful old tactic of Dean’s that suddenly just didn’t
» Sam’s back! I missed Sam, and so did the Deans. it’s in their nature
Still, he tangled his hand with Cas’. If the present was all that mattered in life, this was what he wanted from it.
Nobody noticed about the boots. Mary, John, Bobby. His jeans covered the stitching up the sides. The profile of the heel wasn’t a huge departure from his usual attire. He wasn’t wearing a cowhide vest and a ten-gallon hat, not yet.
“While we’re talking in theoreticals,” said Cas, eyes drifting up to look at the ceiling. “If I were to time travel again, I’d count a visit to John Winchester as long overdue.”
“Simple enough,” he decided at the end of it. “As long as you don’t fuck up the pronunciation.”
“Don’t lump me in with you two,” said Cas, barely resisting the gleam of a smile. “I was trying to say that if she’s taking these risks, it’s not because she didn’t think it through. Someone must have threatened her in a way that counted. Like harm to someone she loves. Or the extermination of all humanity.”
“She’s dead?”
“I don’t know that he did it on purpose,” said Cas. “It seemed like… habit, maybe. Like he was picking up a conversation where he left off, but didn’t expect to hear anything back.”
He sort of knew how that felt.
Around the side of the house, Betty opened the bulkhead doors, which were nothing more than angled plywood on hinges. Hardly the front line of security. She went down first, beckoning the rest of them to follow.
The look on Sam’s face made Young Dean nostalgic and protective and partial all at once. Sam still looked ready for Young Dean to change his mind and turn the whole thing down. As if there were too many dangers, not worth the risk. Mixed in with it was this hopefulness, like something he didn’t dare to have but couldn’t quite resist. The belief that just maybe this would work. They’d get the egg, then the sword, then Eileen, and no one would get hurt. And there was something else, some kind of fear that Young Dean didn’t expect to see and couldn’t place.
“Dean.” Cas rushed over, knelt by the older Dean with Sam. Dean was conscious, holding a shaking arm over his abdomen, trying to make himself sit up.
“What
“Yeah, ‘cause the other guy’s so communicative,” Young Dean scoffed. He folded his arms over his middle, shaking his head and looking down at the floor. Like he was the one burdened by the weight of ages. “It’s just not the life I pictured, you know? I thought I’d… I dunno. Grow out of it.”
“Oh,” said Sam. Dean could practically hear the wince over the line. “Yeah. Dad found that.”
“We’re not that bad,” said Dean, getting out of the car as well.
“Think they’ll find a cure soon?” Young Dean asked. “Think they’ll find anything at all?”
Cas looked at him uneasily once more, then forward again. “It was the way the light came through,” said Cas. “It beckoned me.”
“We will,” said Jack, though he sounded younger than his age with all that unflagging brightness of purpose. “And when we do, it will break the contract you have with it. Right, Dean?”
“I can’t believe there are two of you,” muttered Sam, rubbing a hand over his mouth. “
Past-Cas had observed every verbal volley, and now his gaze followed Dean, ever-studious. Castiel, meanwhile, approached Young Dean cautiously. Young Dean knew that Cas could offer him no sincere comfort. Young Dean had ruined too much for that. Had he seriously damned Lawry Novak by pushing Past-Cas to come here?
Not hard to guess who was in control.
The warm weight of that trench coat over his body, and his cheek pillowed against a broad shoulder. The earnest and assured promise,
“Some,” said Dean. “A little late for me.”
John stopped still for a moment. He looked at Dean harder, like Dean was a new monster John was just working out how to kill. “I think I got a son turning out differently from how I raised him,” said John. “I’m used to a bit of pushback and disobedience from Sam. But from you? Like this?”
“I don’t think you need to worry about that, with Teen-Dean around.” Cas looked at ease, content with this soft back-and-forth. “I like your freckles. You’re handsome. I think I’m allowed to say that now.”
“He’s got the damn munchies,” Dean muttered to Cas.
Jack threw his duffel down on one of the motel beds, rubbing at his tired eyes. They had the room at the end of the mostly-vacant Sleepy Too motel, nearly the only place to book a room in Crestwood, Virginia. This corner of the motel brushed so close to a spindly copse of bent spruce trees that long, finger-like branches tapped against the bathroom window. Late September and it was still mostly hot and humid through the day, even up in the mountains, but a refreshing wind helped out the nights. Dean opened a window to let some air into the stale room.
Jack groaned and rubbed his hands over his face. The rain pounded down harder against the outside of the car. “You and Sam won’t say it, but I know,” he said. “I know you’re thinking it.”
“You’re messing with the way of things. With everything we’ve done to save people all this time. If you fuck up the future—”
“I would’ve been good,” said Young Dean. “I’m being good. I’m helping. Come on, don’t hold this against me forever.”
“An adult who can’t buy himself a fucking drink,” said Young Dean. “Not with my own ID, anyway. What’s up with that, right?”
Holden sat up on the top of a picnic table with his feet on the bench, next to where Young Dean sat. The other three sat on the bench opposite, and Dean had the sudden and distinct impression of attending a Sunday school sermon at vacation Bible camp.
“Uh,” said Sam. He took the corkscrew. “I think you just…” His solution involved merely digging the screw in deeper, then trying to pull up with brute force. Half the remaining cork fell into the wine.
“It was dumb. Funny. You would’ve liked it.”
“It’s done? You took his memories?”
“But he didn’t burn the ghost’s bones in Ohio,” said Dean. “Just led us there. We didn’t have witnesses, but it was obvious some kind of civilian was there before us. There’s something else going on.”
Dean gave a rasp of a laugh, looking back down at his beer. “That is… That is not true. Angel, you got no idea what I’d do for you.”
“I guess we don’t strike it rich in the future,” Young Dean said. “I mean, I’d figured that much, but I kind of hoped for an end to the cheap motels.”
“How you holding up, Cas?” Dean asked. “I mean, that’s you in there.” He nodded his head back towards the living room where Past-Cas lay uneasily unconscious on the daybed.
Young Dean’s lips parted at the question. He looked at Dean and Cas, who didn’t even have to touch each other to look like longtime partners, easy with one another and naturally gravitating close. At Sam, the brother who’d leave him but then come back and fight forever at his side. Claire, the daughter he didn’t know he wanted. And Jody, man, Young Dean didn’t take her for granted. Dean had such a comfortable bond of friendship and trust with her, like he’d forgotten that once upon a time, friends such as her were an impossibility from a practical point of view. And then new people, like Essie, opening her house to them just because she knew she could help, and that made it the right thing to do.
Dean didn’t immediately see the difference. Maybe the hair was just a little lighter and wavier, the stubble not so pronounced. He wore a button-up shirt, oversized and half-unfastened, undershirt visible beneath, tucked into pale, fitted jeans. The thin, gold necklace with a modest cross was an unexpected touch. But his eyes were every bit as blue.
They spotted the first of the Thralls just as the crumbling farmhouse came into sight. A woman and a man, both with long and tangled hair and tattered clothes. The threads had faded to a colourless grey-brown. Dried blood mixed with dirt on their bare feet and hands. The woman lifted a stone from a stacked pile beside an empty wooden water trough. She trudged slowly with the weight of the stone, crossing paths with her male partner. She laid down the stone in an identical pile, just as he placed another rock upon hers. They walked empty-handed back to their respective places, passing each other unseeingly, and did it again.
That probably made Dean a pretty terrible father-figure. Cas didn’t even need to be on the planet for Dean to feel his disappointment echoing through the cosmos. It wasn’t till after Jack did the spell, after Dean and Sam found him half-dead on a barn floor in Pontiac and saw the toll it took on him, that Dean understood what Jack really meant to him. What he wanted to be to Jack. That this kid was fragile and sensitive and goodhearted despite everything that had been asked of him in his short life. That Dean wanted to look after him.
“Hope we aren’t making a mistake, Cas,” said Dean, and followed.
“Ah,” said Past-Cas. “Castiel told me that one or the other of you would say this. That you aren’t worth the trouble.”
“You promised,” said Cas. “You said you’d give us the whole story.”
“A new world?” said Eileen. She raised an eyebrow and cast an expressive look at Sam. “Just another normal day for you guys, huh?”
He could never stay with the other humans for long without some catastrophe rending them apart. At first, he thought the intervening forces were random chance, the result of unrestrained hostility from the environment itself or from the malevolence of the Immortals. He realised later that in this place there was no chance, only amusement.
“They laid us out flat, Holden,” said Sam.
Dean broke the subsequent silence. “That’s, uh. That’s a compliment where he’s from.”
“You,” said Past-Cas. “You’re what they’re guarding Heaven against. And you’re me.”
The heavy footfalls of Sam and Young Dean on the stairs had Wallis up on her feet again, pouring more lemonade and dishing out the last two slices of pie.
“You’re a blood relative,” Cas interjected. “The spell we used took us to you instead of our target.”
“You can’t tell me that look gets him out of anything,” said Young Dean, as if he wouldn’t have tried it himself.
Dean caught Cas’ hand on their way out of the hayloft’s tall doors. He hadn’t known about his true form, scarred and shaped by all that Cas had been through. All he’d sacrificed. That was the thing with angelic healing, for both of them. No scars on the surface to tell the world what a person had suffered through, what they’d survived. Then again, outward scars were only ever a fraction of the story.
“Stay close,” said Sam. “And stay quiet. We don’t know who else might be out here.”
» y’all I can’t believe that, barring catastrophe, this will be over this time next week
in this chapter? yeah, what of it. I have a whole essay on Dean re: Brokeback Mountain just ask me
“And what do you want?”
He expected Dean to ream him out and call him an idiot again. Instead, the moment they were out in the crisp, cool air again, Dean cackled. Head tipped back, arm over his stomach, genuinely laughing.
“We know it,” said the hag. “Many centuries we have kept it safe.”
“You probably
“I used to like coming out here,” he admitted. California was the conclusion of a road trip, the place to rest your feet and let go of the ideas of destination or direction for a while. It meant owing nothing else to himself or anyone. Of course, that had never quite been true. There was always another hunt waiting, another adversity to overcome. Always someone who needed him to come back, who needed his time or his fists or his faithful obedience. Yet somehow, in a few spare moments in the past, he’d let himself believe he was free.
Dean grabbed Sam instinctively, turning to make for the door. Uriel appeared in front of them, hand already raised to bear down and smite Dean. Past-Cas swept between them, hitting Uriel with a square blow that sent him flying back, cracking hard into one of the barn’s wooden supports. The thick beam bent where he’d struck, but Uriel rebounded swiftly. He fought hand-to-hand with Past-Cas, exchanging blows that would’ve shattered the skulls of ordinary humans.
" on that one
In the time in between praying and sleeping, Dean researched. He scoured the books in Bobby’s collection, as well as the handful of books he stole from the Men of Letters chapterhouse. While useful for time travel, they had nothing on entering the Kingdom of Heaven.
Dean rolled his eyes, but he glanced over toward the bathroom door. He wasn’t going to push Young Dean again, not in front of the others. If he was being tight-lipped, there might be a reason for it that Dean didn’t want the whole world to hear.
And Sam and Dean were the only ones left.
Dean pinched his nose. Fuck. He knew that Sam wouldn’t bring this up if it weren’t bothering him seriously. He also knew Sam must have waited for an opening to even make this call. He either snuck out to a payphone—risky because Dad had a nose for that kind of subterfuge and his paranoid ass would likely sniff out the location—or he’d waited till Dad would be gone long enough to have a proper conversation from the motel phone without being clocked.
“Good,” said Young Dean. And, “I think Past-Cas is into me.”
“Right,” said Young Dean, immediately shot down. Of course these people would know everything about him. Dean especially. What he’d lived, what he’d done, what he desired. The thwarted, complicated sense of homesickness he got just thinking about Lawrence.
, is that this is going to hurt.” Zachariah smiled, eyes empty. “It is a very painful process, but one he will thank us for. One that all of the heavenly order will thank us for. There’s a lesson in this for you, Dean. Rage all you like against Heaven, but you will never win.”
“To ask how you fell?”
“You have, Dean. You always did. This isn’t— You think I care if you’re bi?”
Tombstone?”
Jody raised her hands to her mouth, and even with half her face partly swollen Dean couldn’t mistake the thrill in her eyes.
“It’ll make things better,” said Rachel, trying for a firm expression. Moonlight caught in her glassy eyes. “Dad’s gonna be different. Like when I was little. He’s gonna be free.”
“No,” said Sam. A fast response. Then, more thoughtfully, “No. I’d rather be with you.”
Cas’ smile lingered. He put a thumb to the furrow in Dean’s brow, as if to smooth it away. “Next time you should try that without the frown.”
Young Dean rolled his eyes upward, shaking his head. He drew his lower lip between his teeth, sliding his tongue against it for a moment. “How’s this?” he finally said. “We’ve been living out in Bisbee, Arizona since July. Sam’s gonna get through another whole semester of school without moving. I opened a bank account and am trying to save. I mean, never works, there’s always something that comes up—car parts or a field trip or silver to melt into bullets—but I’m figuring it out my own way, Dean.”
