Plus, something about how much Chuck is enjoying all this seems hinky.
“If anybody needs it, it’d be you.”
When the bottle isn’t immediately taken, Dean glances over. Victor’s got his phone out now and is frowning down at it, no longer paying attention to the game.
“If you all expect to be invited back next year, you best come help us unload these birds!” Ellen shouts after him.
“Sure, Dean, but they
you,” she says, like this is a Big Deal.
He’s gone a week and a half without hearing Cas’ voice.
“Cas,” he says, a tumble of words he’s not even conscious of, following the rhythm of that buzz. “Please stop this. This isn’t you. We’re family. I need you.”
That night, Cas climbs back into the impala with him and Sam, Sam shooting Dean a surprised look. Dean carefully doesn’t look at him. When they get back to their building, he’s only mildly surprised when Cas follows him all the way up to his own apartment. He doesn’t question it.
“Sounds like the real deal,” Dean says, making a right turn and glancing at Sam. “So how come she hasn’t been carted off yet?”
“I’m sure they’ll be distracted by something shiny,” Sam shifts uncomfortably. “I really am sorry for crashing your date, Dean.”
“Yeah,” Dean glances at Cas’ profile. “It’s mine, yeah.”
Cas looks immediately to Dean. “It means she’s gonna keep any whackos from smelling your hair,” Dean replies, realizes he’s still rubbing the back of his neck for no reason, and awkwardly sets his hand down on the table.
You can’t kiss with the fucking helmets on, as hard as Dean tries, and maybe it’s a good thing, since Dean forgot where they were for a second. He settles for pressing his visor to Cas’ love for the stubborn Russian asshole filling him to the brim. “You’re a fuck.”
Like Dean’s gonna say it.
“You’re Anna.”
“Ah, balls,” Santa says. “There any kids around?”
“That some crack at my beard?”
“I mean all of you,” Cas says, and then leans down and licks him, which is not something they’ve ever done before, and it is how Dean justifies the yelp he makes when it happens.
“They didn’t say anything I cared about,” he says roughly, staring straight ahead. “Obviously they did not miss the mark with you.”
Sam should just be happy that he hasn’t been drinking. Yet. Today.
Knowing his luck, that’s exactly what happened, and Cas is probably rethinking their friendship right this minute. Maybe he’ll pull back again, spend less time with Dean and implement a no touching rule. Maybe he won’t even want to be roommate’s anymore.
“I’ve told you before,” his brother says in exasperation. “You’ve always…I dunno how to describe it Dean, but no one on the team would be surprised about this. You’ve always flirted with everyone. Think the guys just assume you sleep with who you want to, I always did.”
Sam’s annoyance pulses through the phone and Dean focuses on it, imagines Sam is seriously mad like that time in high school when Dean took his first authentic jersey and had the original patches replaced with clown iron ons.
“Hey,” Bobby barks as soon as he enters the locker room and sees him. “You see Frank yet?”
“Sorry but, uh. Maybe if you didn’t just up and leave us.” Poor Winchester. He sounds bitter.
Dean cups his hand across his mouth. “Shh.” He says. “You’re gonna ruin it.”
That cold smell that Dean loves so much clings to Cas, along with something else he can’t out a name to, and Dean breaths in it, feeling the most comfortable he has all night. Suddenly he’s tired. “Where’s the girl?” he asks, nudging closer to Cas’ ear so he can hear him.
“Well now I have to, or it’s gonna be a failed date,” Dean jokes (he’s not joking at all). The college kids in front of them are all yelling over one another in anticipation, and Dean has already decided he’s not going to degrade himself to the point of tussling with the kid in a backwards cap and a mitt standing in front of him even as the ball lands directly into his cupped, upturned hands.
“No! God no, never,” Dean says. “Keep it down, would ya?”
Castiel is getting a little sick of seeing him and all of his Christmas cheer.
Bobby’s glare softens by maybe a fraction. “Don’t matter what you thought. I’m your uncle first, coach second. You hear me?”
“He doesn’t have a name,” Dean says, glaring at Cas.
“No, I don’t believe so,” Balthazar says, glancing at him. “Do you see Lisa? Excellent form, that one.”
, Castiel,” it says with great relish. “He sees you with your skin sloughing off, blood on your hands, a maniac smile on your face as black gore pushes out of your sockets. He sees you as nothing but an empty vessel for the devil, no kindness in your eyes or warmth to your touch, your very voice mocking what you once were, who you are to him. He sees you there, standing in front of him, completely unreachable.” The leviathan laughs, a disturbingly high-pitched sound, and its companions laugh with it. “Dean Winchester may be good at bringing you back from the dead, but how successful has he ever been at saving you from yourself? We will bring you to our Mother, and she will punish you for what you’ve done to us. She will twist you and maim you and
Cas sighs at the door. “We should go home.”
Sam calls him when he’s walking the dog, which in retrospect might be a good thing because there’s nothing to do when he takes Chekov out but think, and at this particular moment he’d been trying to figure out how to get Cas into his bed.
“I wasn’t!” Sam protests. Unconvincingly.
Sam smiles at him. “What about you, Cas?”
Fuck him.
“What is a K?” Cas asks, studying the scoreboard closely.
His lips are catching slightly on Cas’, dry rasping on dry, and he longs to surge forward, to lick and fucking actually feel them. But that’d be kissing. He’s pretty drunk, not drunk enough for that. But then Cas’ eyes flutter closed and Dean feels his eyelashes brush against his own cheeks, and he lets out a short huff and pulls back.
He slams the puck as hard as he can to the other end of the ice, the handle of his stick splitting off with a loud crack and sending the end of it spinning off to the side, while the puck hits the glass so hard that the boards wobble.
And fucking Cas was always on his mind lately, but that happens when you start spending a lot of time with someone in close quarters. He can’t help it that they live in the same building and work together every day. Cas’ll be old news in a month, and then he won’t be so focused on him.
It’s a complicated feeling. He wants to roll around in it and push it as far away from him as possible at the same time.
He’s not sure what it is about December 2. Maybe parents are just beginning to realize it’s December, the month Christmas is in, and they start to panic. Whatever the case, it’s much more crowded here than it was yesterday, and so he wades his way into the countless people, trying to pick out who looks the easiest to deal with.
“Bite me, Sam.”
“You better not be bringing your shit home, boy,” Bobby calls from under the tree.
“You get kicked out, they’re gonna deport you, you stupid fuck!” And that’s the rub, isn’t it? There’s a very, very real chance Cas might be gone. Might be leaving him.
“Hey, Cavs, gather ‘round, the newbie and Cap are gonna shoot some pool!” Ash announces to the bar at large. Dean rolls his eyes when Gabriel bounds over, Sam and Benny close on his heels. Everybody else already around the pool table turns their attention to Krushnic, who’s studying the pool cue in his hands with a curious expression on his face.
“Maybe because it’s not an insult, you ever think of that?” Dean asks hotly. “I’d tell you to try it out Zachy, but anyone you landed would be too small to shut you up, and I’d feel bad for the guy. Come on Cas, we’re leaving.” He whirls around and marches off, ignoring whatever Gordon calls after them.
What the hell is wrong with him?
“I didn’t know you had a jersey here, Dean,” Sam says, emerging from his spot on the floor to kiss Ellen on the cheek as well.
In the morning they get to work.
Cas’ gaze focuses on him, that lazar focus shifting from searching for something in Dean’s eyes to looking at
“I’m getting tired of the café food. I want some fancy Seven on State shit.”
He thinks he understands. Dean isn’t doing all these Christmas-y things to convert him somehow, or because he thinks Castiel should like them purely because it’s Christmas. He’s doing them because this is how Dean expresses his feelings, shows his true happiness, connects with people and shares his life without having to talk. This is how Dean spends Christmas with his family, with people he…
Bobby is ecstatic at whatever he just witnessed, you can tell because he only gives them a gruff, “Good game,” before he leaves them the hell alone in the locker room. Dean gets out the belt the team gives to their decided player of the game, because he feels like this is the first time they’ve really earned it this season, and passes it to Gabriel for getting them the shut out. Gabriel proceeds to strip down to his boxers and nothing else before slapping the large, gaudy wrestler-champion belt around his waist.
“Yeah?” the guy leers. “Who’s gonna make me? Gonna be you, fairyboy?” Out of the corner of his eye Dean sees one of the assholes friends making a move towards Cas, and it’s either bad luck or fortune that he catches what’s said next. “You kiss your mother with those dirty queer lips? Bet she and daddy have already disowned you, huh?”
“The glitter,” Dean mumbles, unable to believe he’d really just fucking said that out loud. “Your eyes, they do this light up thing…” he trails off. Cas is smiling again, wide and gummy. “What?”
Castiel still doesn’t know a thing about Christmas trees, or which attributes Dean named, if any, are the best. But he nods at the Balsam. “I like that one.”
“Is that what we’re here for?” Balthazar asks mildly. “I thought we were determining top or bottom.”
“Nowadays,” Benny repeats, and he and Sam give Victor such a nearly identical look that Dean feels an immediate urge to get them all as far away from each other as possible so that they can never talk or exchange looks again.
“I need to be inside you,” Cas snaps. Though Dean can hear the usually off-putting needy thread catching at the end of his words, on Cas it’s ridiculously attractive, the sheer force behind the sound of stone churning over stone and the knowledge that Dean is the one causing it.
“Never a good assumption to make, Jo,” Dean says, studying her seriously for the first time. She doesn’t look like anything is seriously wrong, but maybe this has something to do with how weird and out of it she was yesterday night. Dean’s not sure he wants to hear it. He’s not too good on the emotional support front. But Jo’s like a little sister to him, and he owes it to her to at least listen, if she has something to say.
Sam, whom Dean had expected to laugh off the warning about Gordon, looks dead serious. “What do you know about Gordon?”
Dean, who had spent the summer of ’96 constantly anticipating random bowie knife attacks that John had called “tactile training,” jerked so hard the bottle of lube was whipped back onto the shelf, causing a domino effect of multiple bottles of lube to explode onto the floor.
He hadn’t meant to call it their tree. It implied an acceptance of this relationship as a tangible thing, it implied an acceptance of Christmas.
“Dean taught a ten year old that it was not wrong to have feelings for someone of the same gender,” Cas says, and Dean wants to cover his ears at the hint of pride he hears in his voice. “And he did it just by telling him that he liked someone of the same gender as well.”
Castiel is sprawled out on his couch. His hair is mussed, his one arm thrown over his head and the other resting atop Chekov, whose head lifts when he sees Dean, but surprisingly enough he doesn’t move. Dean treads a little closer, just enough to see that Castiel’s mouth is open slightly while he sleeps.
Dean feels his chest clench, because it figures. Does he have to spell it out? The guy already knows he’s not a fan of planes, you think he’d make the logic leap. “Roller coasters aren’t really my style.”
Castiel lifts his head, and the Leviathan is struck by the realization that they’re not so far apart in age, a sensation it’s not used to. The angel looks tired. He looks done. “I –” he opens his mouth and stops abruptly, his gaze focusing on something in the distance.
“Yeah man, that’s awesome,” Dean tells him, finally feeling completely relaxed as he falls back onto the bed. Cas announces he’s taking a shower and Dean’s not interested at all. He’s the opposite of interested, thank god. Yawning, he picks up Sam’s book from where it lays on the bed beside his head.
stuffed into his locker.
“My key’s not working,” Sam says loudly and clearly enough that he could be right next to Dean, and Dean freezes. Being found with Sam’s shit isn’t the problem anymore, it’s being found in the closet pressed against Cas with an unexplainable half boner that’s got his heart pounding.
“Uh,” Dean licks his lips. “Sam. Kid I know named Krissy. And Gordon, I guess, but he got lucky. He’s never had proof or nothing.”
“We go person by person,” Jo explains, probably mostly for Charlie’s benefit. “That way we all get to see our gifts opened.”
Balthazar reaches past Dean and nudges Sam. “Here they come. Now’s your chance, big boy.”
Please feel free to be disappointed in me, for I am disappointed in me.
That makes Cas pause, before he concedes carefully. “We did.”
“Ah,” Cas looks embarrassed. “I may have developed a slight affinity for Humphrey Bogart.”
The pounding at his door has ceased, but Dean doesn’t believe it’s actually over for a second. Rather than let it start again, he drags himself over to the door and whips it open.
Sam doesn’t let them use the orb on Chuck. He doesn’t explain why, and Chuck gets away.
“It’s cool if you don’t get it, Cas. It’s just something that people do.”
Sam shrugs Dean’s arm on his shoulder, typical little brother annoyance clear on his face. “Were you eavesdropping?”
“I’m fine,” Dean tells his brother in a tight voice. Cas’ hand is clenched around his upper thigh, massaging slowly and occasionally brushing against his quickly lenghthening erection.
It rolls its eyes. “How noble of you.”
The first time Cas puts his hand on Dean’s shoulder, Dean doesn’t even remember it.
Sam, amazingly enough, lets it go, and Dean doesn’t hear anything else about friggen Agent Marlowe the rest of the ride home. He’d say that was the end of it, or at least the end of it if Cas never pulled out that voice of his again, but a few days later he catches Sam watching
“Did you ask her out?”
“It wasn’t a European thing,” he blurts.
“Uh, hey,” Dean frowns uncertainly. Maybe Cas actually wasn’t planning on coming up. Shit. “Thought I’d come get you.”
, and Dean really had no fucking choice but to dig his hands into the wide lapels of Cas’ coat and yank him forward into a kiss.
“Maybe you’ll be in these,” Dean grins, accepting them. Benny’d been called up late in his first season, after the cards for his year were already out – he’d never truly been a rookie, and Dean took every chance to tease him about all the perks he missed, like rookie of the year, and especially rookie trading cards.
“Then I’ll tell them I’m not gay.”
Gordon just laughs.
The third period is almost boring in comparison. The Scorpions have either resigned themselves to a game seven or they’re worn down from all the aggression. Dean doesn’t care either way. They’re going back to LA.
Castiel purses his lips and looks very hard at the ground. “Why did you call Sam that?”
“Fine,” Sam concedes, pouting. “I just can’t believe you didn’t tell me.”
He’s calmed down, is pretending he can’t smell Cas anymore even though he totally can, but whatever, so he lifts his face to give Sam a sarcastic look. “I remember lunch. It’s that meal you eat in the middle of the day, right?”
“Cas,” Dean says solemnly. “If we ever break up, it’ll be because you insulted Cap after barely a week of dating.”
. Cut it the fuck out brain.
“Then don’t think about Cas naked, how hard is it?”
Dean, who’d just picked up a stick, throws it at Gabriel. “You lookin’ for sex or something tonight, Gabe?”
“Where’s our stuff?” Sam asks angrily.
He likes this. He likes kissing Cas.
He notices with some satisfaction the familiar spark in her eye. She snatches the bottle away and straightens up. “You either quit being a dick and open up to your bartender like you’re fucking supposed to, Dean Winchester, or you can go ruin your life somewhere else. What’s it gonna be?”
Somehow, Bobby lets Ellen pass it to Sam, and Dean finds himself right in front of Charlie and the net, pushing at Cas with his stick as he tries to move him out of the way so Charlie can see. “C’mon Cas, get outta the crease,” he grunts, whacking him with the stick at the same time as he pushes at him with his hip. “You know I’m just gonna take the puck and score.”
Cas rolls, and Dean watches without surprise as he maneuvers into his favorite sleeping position, head pillowed on Dean’s chest and limbs sprawled over the rest of his body like an octopus. Dean’d asked him why he did that once, and Cas just blinked at him.
gay? Sam must sense his miniature freak out, because he amends, “I mean to the people that know you, Dean. People on the team.”
The two women stay on the phone with them for most of the flight, and Dean is in an incredibly good mood when they touch down in LA, despite the reporters waiting for them.
Sam smiles sadly. “Dean doesn’t lean on people. He’s already figured it out. That’s why I’m worried about you dating now. He’s made it sound like Christmas is kind of bad for you, more than just you not liking it.”
“Like?” Lucifer repeats. He clucks his tongue. “I’ll never understand how you Winchesters have managed to survive this long. I’m wrapped all snug and tight around Castiel’s grace, Dean,” he shivers. “Makes me all tingly. No questions? Or have I already told you everything you were curious about?”
“Bobby is the store manager?” Castiel asks, taken aback. He’s never had the opportunity to meet with anybody but Meg, not even Crowley, who ran the F.A.O Schwarz. It was a bit off putting to hear that his boss had called him an idgit and thought Dean was messing around with him.
Gabriel though, annoying as he is, seems to only really hear the things Castiel doesn’t want him to. “Oh ho ho! So you’re best friends with Dean now, huh? When did that happen, Cassiepoo?”
“Trust me Cas,” he says, leaning in close again and flashing a smile. “You’d know if I was flirting with you.”
“No,” Benny replies. Sam doesn’t answer.
There’s no way they’re gonna win if that’s the mentality going on around here.
“Why, did you get hearing aids over the summer?” Gabriel asks innocently.
“Yes,” she bites out.
“Congrats, Miss Christmas Tree 2014,” Dean says, waving over towards the man who owns the farm and has been sitting in a chair beside his trailer the entire time. “See, not too painful, right Cas?”
“Nothing,” Dean smiles. “Just good to see you.”
“Dude, you sure you don’t want some food?” Dean asks, not for the first time. The table in front of Krushnic is noticeably empty, since he’d shaken his head every time Sam suggested chicken fingers to him.
“Dean!” he hears from far away. “Dean!” Someone is pawing at his jersey, trying to get him up, and Dean should open his eyes to see who it is and tell them to get the fuck offa him, but he feels like opening his eyes will hurt. Whatever. He does it, slowly, and must swear out loud, because suddenly Sam is in his face and sound comes rushing back to a normal decibel. “Dean?”
“Is that why you read Twilight?” Sam asks, the smirk clearly evident in his tone.
“Sorry,” he mumbles.
“I didn’t come to check on Cas,” Victor says dryly. “But now I’m interested. Think I’ll stick around.”
Victor stays most of the night, just shooting the breeze. They somehow manage not to talk about hockey at all, maybe because they’re on different teams now and don’t want to give anything away. Personally Dean thinks it’s because they haven’t talked in so long and had too much to say to each other, and it’s a bit of a relief to him to know that hockey wasn’t the only reason he and Vic were ever friends.
“Men can’t – jesus, Cas – men can’t be pretty.” He yelps when Cas gives him a particularly hard nip on his pec.
“Who the hell called cabs?” Benny asks, disgruntled.
“So uh, Tracy,” Dean starts, doing his very best to ignore Cas, who has such an air of determination and fucking something else about him that Dean can actually feel himself straining with the effort not to watch him. Sam, on the other hand, isn’t even pretending. “You heard Lucifer speaking to you?”
Dean rolls his eyes, rubs a hand over his face, and mumbles, hoping that will be enough.
Once in a while you get those weird attraction hiccups you can’t explain, right? Like the crush nine year old Sammy had on five foot ten sixth grader Abby. Cas was just his weird attraction thing, and the car ride proves Dean is over it. And it doesn’t make him gay or anything either.
“Gee, Cas,” he smirks, leaning closer. “Noise like that, you’d think I went and buttered your biscuits for you.”
Cas gets a more traditional goal later on in the second, but no one is complaining as his puck slips through Cain’s legs uncontested.
Dean pulls back again, more fully this time.
It all started when Cas began running all over the goddamn country with Crowley.
“Which he didn’t know until you told him!”
But Cas says it so matter-of-factly, that right here, in this moment, Dean believes him.
“Yes,” Cas says, and he’s staring at Dean like he’s crazy, except it should totally be the other way around. “Sportivnaya Detsko Yunosheskaya Shkola.”
Castiel stares until the strange man is out of sight, before sitting back down on the floor and beginning to stack Barbies again, trying to block out the rest of the world.
“I got my moments,” Dean agrees. “So. Want me to show you around?”
The whole team finally clears out about an hour later, and Dean only manages to leave by promising Cas that he’ll visit him at his apartment when he gets home in the morning. Cas is going to be out for at least the month, which leaves the left wing on the front line wide open. It’s going to be strange playing without Cas – hopefully they’ll be able to make it without too much damage.
“You don’t want me to say it.”
They manage to get a table right next to the forty-five foot high Christmas tree. Sam joins them quickly after they sit down, and Castiel feels a warm feeling of acceptance that he doesn’t even feel like he has to ask. Dean appears soon after, plate piled high with food, but the moment he sees Cas sitting there with his coffee mug with whipped cream, he sets his plate down and disappears again.
“Think so,” Dean nods and shrugs. “We’re looking as good as last year, anyway. Better.”
Not that he can remember any of them right now, he thinks as he drains his glass. Is this the fourth or the fifth? He’s not sure. He’s not even able to organize in his brain what got him here, only that it has something to do with Krushnic and Sam and he’s pissed about it. Or at least he should be. He can’t really get up the energy for it right now.
“In the mean time we’ll be buddies,” Dean nudges him. “Gabe says you don’t really wander off of the toy floor.”
When Cas comes back to the couch, he hesitates for only a second. “Are you sure you should be watching a movie?”
“Unlikely, since I doubt it’s high grade.”
Krushnic doesn’t relax, exactly, but Dean can definitely see that he’s loosening, even if he’s not sure how. Maybe something with the purse of his lips? Anyway, he finally nods, so Dean gathers up his dog and his mail and heads to the elevator, hoping he’ll follow.
“Yes.”
“We’re not friends,” Castiel says quickly, hoping to curb this kind of behavior before Gabriel tells Dean Castiel has been talking about him. He’d be sure to make it sound like Castiel couldn’t go through the day without gushing about him. “We run into each other at work, sometimes. I know he likes the store.”
“Just checkin’ on something Cas said.”
“You need me.”
Seeing Dean so affected by a conversation Castiel felt was strongly reminiscent of his family dinners was strangely jarring. He didn’t like it at all.
“Ohhhh, I love it when you get all dom on us, Sammy-boy,” Gabriel says cheerfully, but to Dean’s surprise, he actually gets up, dragging Balthazar with him. “Come on Balthy, there’s gotta be funnel cake somewhere in this dump.”
Hannah gives a loud huff of annoyance but pushes her chair out to do what Cas asks. Cas moves into her chair, brushing up against Dean’s side, and Dean starts at the touch. Patrick laughs again and bangs the puck on the table.
“Thought you didn’t fight?” he says tightly.
“I do not,” Cas says with annoyance, finally managing to get the stick from Dean and smacking him with the butt end.
“You’re not supposed to be handling kids,” Hannah interjects almost immediately, but Cas sends her a dirty look, and somehow that’s enough for Dean to be allowed to handle a squirming bundle of three year old.
“There’s something wrong goin’ on in those two’s heads,” Benny says, shaking his own and turning back to the bar with Dean. “I saw Krushnic too, without having to watch him strip. Kid’s alright. Still got all his teeth.”
All of the blood in Dean’s head has seemed to rush to his groin, so he really only has the brainpower to continue clutching both Cas’ coat and hair as he stupidly asks, “what?”
“Dude,” he says, “if you can’t throw right, use two hands.”
Dean’s probably lucky he managed to keep Sam from grabbing a hundred more and turning their lives into a Disney movie.
Week long road trips. They’re hell. Everybody knows it, and the one who knows it best of all is the asshole who makes up the schedule. Maybe that’s why they usually get a two day break after a long road trip, instead of just one. That, or he likes giving them a break only to send them on an even longer road trip a week later. Dean doesn’t know the guy. Still an asshole though.
“Yeah,” Dean repeats impatiently, glancing down the hall at Sam and Chuck’s door. They need to hurry.
Get a fucking hold of yourself, Dean. You’re not his friend, remember? You have nothing to feel guilty about.
“I think I missed seeing your ugly mug on the TV more.”
Dean’s standing before he realizes it, hearing another chair slam to the ground too. His best guess is Benny, but only because he’ll be the one to stop Dean from doing something stupid. “Maybe if you spent as much time building muscle as you do running your mouth you wouldn’t feel so insecure about your size, Zach.”
“Thank you, Sam,” Cas does his equivalent of beaming, which means his eyes crinkle and his mouth turns up at one corner. “I was just telling Dean that I can take it from here. I have to get going if I want to make it to Arizona by tomorrow afternoon.”
Cas finally gets his hand around both their cocks, and Dean bucks, causing Cas to grunt in response. His hand is dry as Dean fucks into it, his dick rubbing against Cas’ own, and the friction feels good and hurts all at the same time, so he uses one of his hands to pull Cas’ own up to his mouth, where he licks at his palm thoroughly before letting him have it back again.
That seems to be enough for Cas, who reaches for Dean’s waist and pops the button of his jeans, tugging at his fly until it’s unzipped all the way. There’s no way he’s getting the jeans off with Dean’s ass on the car like this, not without his help, so Dean wriggles until they’re down at the ankle with his work boots. Cas seems unconcerned with using the same care with his underwear, instead just shoving them down far enough for Dean’s dick to spring free.
To Castiel’s disgruntlement, he’s rather disgustingly attractive.
“Yeah.” Dean chuckles behind him. “Thought you knew this is what I did?”
Jo considers this. “If you promise not to get irresponsibly drunk during the actual season, I will let you do it now.”
“I do,” Castiel confirms. “I was just recently employed at a marketing company. I understand it’s not quite the same as retail, but I—“
Castiel takes a deep breath of air that thankfully smells only of meatloaf.
Castiel presses the button to let him in without saying anything over the intercom, pacing restlessly and standing awkwardly in front of the door a few times before realizing how silly that is and beginning to pace again. Finally there’s a knock on the door, and he quickly pulls it open, fast enough so that Dean’s hand is still poised to knock again. Catching sight of him, he smiles widely and drops his hand.
“Dean!” Cas’ voice is frantic, and he’s stopped using grace all together. He’s struggling now, but he’s pushing Dean away, scrabbling at his hold around him. “Dean, no, stop, you can’t, it will take you too, let go,
Maybe he needs therapy. Hehe. Dick therapy.
He’s yanked to his feet almost immediately, and he doesn’t even need to look to know it’s Cas slinging Dean’s arm around his shoulder. “GET HIM OFF THE ICE,” Dean hears Bobby yelling at the top of his lungs from the bench, and he’s not really sure who he means but he takes it as his responsibility to get Cas into the locker room before he fucking gets kicked out of the NHL for good.
He wanted to talk to Dean that badly, apparently. Or something else. Dean’s not really gonna think about it.
“Coffee run,” he murmurs to Sam’s questioning look, shooting Cas a glare. Cas’ eyes darken almost immediately in response, and Dean leaves before he drags the man over the table towards him.
“Put your burger in the box and let’s go,” Dean says sharply, pushing his chair back and standing up. “We got maybe an hour before Sam and Chuck finish up.”
“Yeah, smite face. Like you’re gonna murder someone with those pretty baby blues o’yours.”
“A couple of pictures might be.”
“Do you want me to find you attractive?”
“Dean,” Sam says, tone warning. “You know that’s not conducive to good relationships on the ice.”
And Dean, with a sickening ball of guilt coiled in his stomach, answers, because he’s a coward. “I don’t want to talk about it, Sammy.”
The third is when things get desperate. It’s obvious the Scorpions had wanted to finish this tonight, and Lucifer has been harassing Sam all evening, hitting at his legs with his stick when the refs weren’t looking and slamming into him whenever he thought he could. Dean’s been proud of Sammy for handling it pretty well, but next thing he knows there’s shouting and the crowd is going wild, and Lucifer and Sam have their gloves off.
“Yes, well, it’s great that she has so much confidence in her youngest, isn’t it?” Castiel says bitterly.
“Blow it up my ass, Benny.”
“There, see?” Angela smiles. “Now I think we have some heart shaped pie on sale, bring home some of that and treat him nice, you’ll be right as rain.”
“Bathroom’s free,” he says, not paying the small blonde any attention.
Dean knows he’s staring pretty creepily at Cas now, but he can’t help it. Guy’s sitting on the floor in a trench coat with a little girl on his lap for Christ’s sake, and it should look ridiculous, and Dean should be laughing, except he’s not laughing because there’s something weird building in his chest and it’s starting to hurt, how much Cas means to him.
About half an hour in, a teenage girl shows up with a trading card for Dean to sign. He catches the number eighteen on the sleeve of the jersey she’s wearing and can’t help his face splitting into a wide grin. “Hey, you got Cas’ sweater, huh?” He sees Cas’ head turn from the corner of his eye and pointedly doesn’t look at him.
Cas looks alarmed enough for Dean to begin feeling guilty before Charlie slams the alcohol down on the table, pushing a beer towards everyone except Cas, who gets the whole bottle of Johnnie Walker. “Sit down, Dean,” she smiles sweetly, kicking the chair next to her towards him.
“I think Dean likes to complain,” Benny grins. “We’re all upset about Victor, brother. Don’t dwell too hard on it.”
“How’s it going kiddo?”
Sam sighs and looks him right in the eye. Dean gets the feeling he’s about to get some sort of lecture, although usually those are reserved for when he’s royally fucked up and as far as he knows this little feelings session should be making Sammy practically giddy. “You know there’s more than just gay or straight, right Dean?”
“Two six foot men dating is not cute, Jo.”
“They do, but it’s hard to choke down food without your ugly mug sitting across from me every morning,” Victor replies cheerfully, and that’s as much of a heartfelt hello as you’re gonna see here.
A glint of…
Dean waves his hand dismissively. “Into the Woods,” He pats the couch beside him. “C’mere, Cas.”
“Oh, that’s just Dean. He and his brother kinda grew up here. He comes back a lot, especially this time of year. I swear, he’s got some kind of holly jolly boner or something.”
“I look like I care to you, boy?”
“Sometimes,” Dean agrees. “Most of the time. But my dad was a hard guy to like. And I never knew my mom, she died when I was a kid.”
“Shut up.”
“Jesus Gabe, what are you drinking? Does Barbie fill her gas tank with that shit?”
He can tell Dean is putting it together in his head, as he glances back toward the carolers and then takes Castiel by the elbow, steering him further away. He prays he won’t ask. Dean doesn’t.
“Probably,” she says. “Question is, are you gonna, or are you gonna be a baby?”
Probably not. He wasn’t planning on being sober later.
“I wouldn’t have objected,” Dean smirks, than thinks of that chick Meg from upstairs who’s always staring Cas down like he’s some kind of prime rib and grimaces. “Never mind. I would’ve. But I ain’t objecting now.”
“Of course I always love Castiel,” Anna shrugs. “We are becoming friends. This is how you start.”
Dean shrugs, “We’re doing okay.”
Sam lets out a loud huff of breath but doesn’t try to stop the drill.
“Castiel,” he corrects, his lip twitching a little. “But close.” He hands Dean the coffee and sits down on the bed.
“Why?” Dean asks, standing up smoothly with him. He catches the look on Castiel’s face and purses his lips. “It’s not the damn Christmas thing, is it?”
“Speech, speech, speech, speech!” Ash starts chanting from where he’s been deposited on top of a bank of lockers. Dean knows he’s not getting out of it when even Garth, who’s always a little slow on the uptake, starts in on it.
He’s really tired of being a pissbaby about this.
Dean takes a swing and Benny hauls him back even further with the help of one of the refs who is now attempting to settle Dean down by putting him in a headlock. Between the ref’s arms Dean can make out Victor, yelling at his defenseman, and a shaken looking Cas, who is clambering slowly to his feet with his left arm held at an awkward angle.
“How?”
The question seems to take her off guard, and she hesitates for a second before plowing forward. “What is wrong with him?”
“Uh. Hi. Is this Dean?”
“You see this in a movie?” he asks, and feels instantly like an ass.
Dean’s not sure what to do with that, so he plows forward. “The fucking tabloids are making a big deal outta me not being out with any chicks lately. I used to do it a lot.”
“Yeah, dude,” he says, “he won some kind of crazy award from the Russian government for excellence in sports or something.”
“Actually, I’ve been teaching Jess,” she says, gesturing at her friend. “She wanted to learn this summer.”
When’s the last time he even looked at porn?
Sam rolls his eyes. “Now you’re deflecting.”
“He slept with you, didn’t he?” Sam asks, pushing his way into the room. Dean can tell the second Sam notices the bed, because he pauses right in the middle of the room. “Wow. He
Sam follows silently, glowering, the biggest idiot of them all. Dean rolls his eyes and dumps his bag, climbing up the bleachers and cuffing Gabriel in the back of the head before sitting beside him. “Don’t you perverts have anything better to do?”
“You passed that mark about six years ago, Hermy,” Dean says seriously.
gets him to crack his eye open, and blearily he can make out Cas standing at the foot of the bed in his flannel pants and overly large T-shirt with something in Cyrillic printed on it. “If you want my pants off that badly,” Dean says, voice rough with sleep. “There are easier ways.”
Unless he is. It wouldn’t be too far outside the realm of possibility with the weird mood he’s been in lately.
The hell. Brain.
“Hey Cas? Cas!” Castiel looks up to realize he has started walking briskly away from the bean, and the noise. Looking back, he spots a group of carolers, still singing, and Dean following him.
“Your sister?” Cas asks, and Jo grins widely again.
The puck is dropped and Dean swipes it away towards Cas immediately, ramming his shoulder into the guy and sending him down to the ice in a move that is somehow miraculously not whistled. By the time he’s looking for the puck again, Cas has already lost it, and he needs to get off the ice before Balthazar blows a fucking artery from where he’s waiting on the bench.
But it does matter, it matters a lot, and Dean’s not sure how to handle it, how to be okay with everyone thinking he likes dick, even if it turns out he does. Or Cas’ dick at least, but with the alcohol he can admit that he’s probably not picky, would be fine with any attractive guy who wanted to get naked with him. He doesn’t know what to do about this, he just doesn’t and suddenly he feels like maybe he shouldn’t be touching Cas when he’s like this. He shouldn’t be ruining him.
Hell, Dean wanted to win too. Maybe that’ll be his Christmas wish this year.
Dean turns slowly and grins at him. “Is that the angel I gave you?”
Cas regards him closely for a second before he nods. “I am glad.”
“Bobby can shove his rules up his ass,” Dean grumbles, nuzzling his face into Cas’ shoulder. “You want some burbon?”
“Okay, one,” Jo wheeze, trying to catch her breath, “Don’t call me that. Two, I’m bi, not gay. And three, I didn’t tell her anything, she totally came to that conclusion on her own.”
“Son of a bitch!” Dean jerks his head up and narrowly avoids slamming it into the hood of the Mustang. Turns out even only half mojo’d up, Cas could still sneak up on him.
“Oh Castiel,” his mother sighs. “Why must you insist on making Christmas dinner so awkward? First your little sexuality crisis, now this…”
At a stall selling chocolate products he makes a truly obscene sound after biting into his treat. “Cas,” he groans, “you gotta try this.”
Plus, this is his first chance to absolutely crush Krushnic.
“Calm down Cassie, it was a joke.” Gabriel sits back and resumes eating. “Treat him right or I’ll kill you.”
It is all he knows as he kneels on the ground next to Cas’ lifeless body for what seems like hours, too numb to cry, too defeated to be angry.
“He didn’t like the attention darling,” Balthazar drawls, sporting a brand-new looking Cubs cap of his own.
Dean watches intently as Cas tries his first bite of pancake, which Dean had had to forcibly pour maple syrup over because the idiot was about to go in dry.
Cas pauses for a brief moment to take him in before shrugging his trench coat off. “Hello, Dean,” he replies, casting a glance at the TV. “What are you watching?”
“Which I got you out of, because I’m awesome,” Dean quirks a grin. “C’mon, you think I was just gonna let you keep that tree sitting in your living room until New Year’s?”
Castiel tilts his head in confusion. “Why would I visit on my day off?”
“Maybe because returning the favor might be a nice thing to do,” Benny says. “Food for your thought. Speaking of, you hungry? We got cinnamon rolls today. Nearly had to take your brother’s hands off more than once, damn bastard wouldn’t stop sneaking into the kitchen.”
Dean’s indignant, snapping out, “what the fuck,” the second Cas’ hand is gone, but Cas whirls around from bolting the door behind them, and his eyes are big and terrified.
“Spoilsports,” Balthazar sniffs, clapping Gabriel on the shoulder.
Pain. It’s pain.
Sam flips him off.
“What?” Dean squawks, bolting upright. “Are you kidding me? That’s…that’s
“A leap to what?” Dean demands.
“Mother called,” Michael says simply, and Castiel instantly knows what the problem is. Ever since their father had died several years ago, Michael had taken over the head role in the family. He had always been Naomi’s favorite, and now he was the one she went to whenever she felt things weren’t going exactly the way she wanted them. “She informs me you’ve turned down my very generous offer.”
Now it could take the angel to Mother.
“I remember,” Dean says tightly.
Dean can hear Bobby and Rufus screaming for a call from behind him on the bench, but it doesn’t make a difference. The game is tied, one-one.
“I see our fearless leader has finally arrived,” Balthazar calls cheerfully. The table is already littered with empty bottles and glasses. “Take a trip somewhere, boys?”
Cas doesn’t really get the problem either, but Dean’s pretty sure that’s because Cas wouldn’t know normal if it stripped him down and started sucking his dick. Dean’d stopped complaining the second Cas had scrunched his face up (not adorable at all) in a confused way and asked if he was unhappy with their current situation.
“Anna,” Castiel replies reluctantly. “She is eighteen. I brought her over with me, and she attends the University of Chicago. It’s a good school.”
“You have to follow me,” Cas says. “Leave the beer.”
Gabriel frowns, “Come to think of it, maybe part of that was from
Out of the corner of his eye he swears Cas is vibrating slightly, and he wonders if they feel the same way.
isn’t crime noir, Cas.”
“I don’t know where he is,” he lies. “I’ll try to let him know you’re looking for him if I pass him on the street.”
Dean raises the glass in mock salute. “Always a class act, ain’t ya Jo?”
“It must take skill,” Cas continues, and though Dean could continue in the flirty vein if he wanted to, Cas is being completely serious, staring at Dean with something a little like awe.
“Yeah, Cas,” he replies, placing his hand on Cas’ thigh. “Good date.”
For some reason, Dean lets out a huge snort. “I knew you two were gonna have a creepy soul stare off.”
Eight people eat a lot of fucking potatoes to begin with, but Dean always doubles the amount anyway at Thanksgiving because of the starch he and Sam can put away. He’s only peeled two when he hears someone at the door, and a few minutes later Charlie is leaning against the counter next to him.
“Deano!” Gabriel yells in his ear, and Dean snaps his head back, worried for a split second that Gabriel is gonna…well. Cas is on his lap. But Gabriel is wearing stupid looking ‘2015’ glasses and has a top hat on, so he’s probably not holding much leverage. “Five minutes!”
“What are you doing here?” Castiel asks suspiciously. Dean is in his mechanic clothes once again. There is a swipe of black on his cheek that Castiel’s fingers are itching to rub away. He wonders if Dean’s skin is smooth or scratchy with scruff, fighting the even stronger urge to find out.
Dean leans back and shoves a bite of pancake into his mouth to prevent a response.
“You guys are gonna kill him.”
Dean’s stopped trying to fool himself. He’s having gay sex with Cas, and he likes gay sex. He likes the weight of Cas in his hand, he likes Cas’ mouth wrapped around his dick. There’s no way to get around those things, and frankly, he’s already exhausted himself trying. But he’s never been the one…intiating, before, and he can’t shake the feeling that doing so will cross some kind of line.
“I…Dean, I have to stay.” Dean looks up, and Sam has those damn imploring puppy dog eyes trained on him. “I need to finish practice. And…and Castiel said he’d help me with my shot.”
“Fine,” Gabriel says darkly, flipping his mask back down. “But next time that shithole comes near my net, I’m knocking him on his ass.”
Bobby plays Santa, like he always does, and Sam puts up a hell of a fight to get him into the Santa hat, like he always does. Dean’s surprised and weirdly touched when Cas ends up with gifts from everyone, and it was probably only because Sam had the brains to tell them that he was going to be here.
“It’s idiotic to hide like this, Dean, there’s no point to it.”
“Oh,” Castiel says, feeling slightly taken aback. “I feel like I should inform you that my statement was not a serious one.”
They’re going through some boxes in one of the unorganized rooms in the bunker, looking for an old scroll Billie is insistent they need. Cas’ hair is in disarray and he’s got some dust smudged across one cheek. Dean cracked a stupid joke about getting so buried under paperwork, Chuck can’t find them, and Cas chuckled.
“What a dick.” Dean slams his pint glass down with a loud clunk, burying his head in his hands. “What a fucking dick.”
The large silver trophy sits off to their left on top of a table. Dean never knew this, but apparently the cup comes with it’s very own little neurotic guy who never, ever takes off his white gloves. His name is Marv, and he’d introduced himself as the keeper of the cup.
“Shut up.”
Gabriel is standing outside the bathroom with an entirely too big grin on his face when Dean and Cas exit. Dean schools his look into one of annoyance to disguise the panic quickly rising to suffocate him. “You running out of hobbies, Gabe?”
“I’m leaving.”
“Family skate is on my birthday,” Dean points out triumphantly. Benny stops nagging him about it, so ha. Dean Winchester one, feelings blullcrap zero.
He nearly spits out his beer. “What the
“We do not hang out,” Dean denies, staring at Sam. “He lives downstairs, it’s kind of hard to keep him out. And we’re not friends.”
Cas just looks at him.
“Yes, that has become my new name today,” Cas nods.
Castiel is as knowledgeable about mechanics as he is about what normal families actually do on Christmas day, but for Dean, he thinks he could try to learn both.
For such a small park, there are about four water rides to choose from. There are the logs and the boats, which are both pretty much traditionally the same thing – you go up a big hill, you rush down it at top speed, and splash, you’re soaked. Dean doesn’t care how many times Sam tries to explain the physics to him, those rides do not strap you in, and there is no way some loser hasn’t fallen out. Dean doesn’t need to be that loser.
“I don’t want to get my hair wet,” Sam says, making a face.
It knows how to get the angel to Eve.
The locker room erupts into shouting as Dean grabs his stick and heads out to get on the ice. “Clever,” he hears Cas say quietly from behind him, and he tries not to grin, even though his heart gives an unwanted thump of pride.
Krushnic actually fucking cracks a small smile when Dean is able to gesture out the resemblance to him through his laughter, and Sam pouts and refuses to talk until they sit down with their food.
And his being late to a shift, looking like he’s sure he does after last being seen with Dean, is exactly the type of thing Gabriel would risk losing his job for in order to crow over the PA system.
It sounded shitty.
About five minutes into the third period, Ash does this weird spin thing Dean will never believe was intentional, but the puck somehow makes it to Balthazar, who slaps it into the net so nonchalantly you’d think the whole play was planned. Even though they’re in Winnipeg, they’ve got enough fans in the building for the crowd to go insane, and Dean figures it’s that kind of atmosphere that spurs the Forks. Going down a goal in the last period seems to make them desperate, and suddenly there are a lot of whistles being blown as the play gets faster and more and more guys are slammed into boards.
Sam heaves a giant sigh and sets his salad down, turning to face Dean on the couch. “Look, man, I know you were upset yesterday and I didn’t really do anything to help—,”
Dean chuckles slightly. “Dude, I don’t pretend to understand why Sammy’s got his panties in a twist at any given time. Think he might be upset about you though.”
“You didn’t give me a choice,” the angel grinds out angrily. “You couldn’t forgive me, and you couldn’t move on. You were too angry.” Now he just sounds resigned. “I left, but you didn’t stop me.”
Dean’s got one talent that has been consistent throughout his entire life: he’s got a stomach made of steel. Anything, anytime, he can eat it, ever since he was a kid. He still remembers one of his first real hunts, him and dad leaving ten-year-old Sammy at a motel alone, driving out to an abandoned farmhouse on the outskirts of town and killing the two vampires that had been hiding there. It was the first time Dean had ever seen someone beheaded, let alone beheaded someone himself. He can still remember the harsh scratch of the machete against bone, the sickening squelch of skin and vein and muscle collapsing in on itself as it took him more than one hack to get the blade through clean.
Dean grins a little against his will. “They are kinda dumb, aren’t they? When I was real young my dad would take me to his beer league games. It’s the most bored I’ve ever been in my life.”
“Hey Winchester!”
He just wants to have sex with Cas. In a friends kind of way, because Cas is pretty damn awesome and attractive. Not gay.
Castiel bites his lip. “Do I get to choose the ornaments?”
“Did you put that up because you were thinking of me, Cas?” he asks, voice low and rough. Castiel’s breath hitches and he tries hard not to stare too long at Dean’s lips, but it’s impossible to look anywhere else. If it weren’t the lips it would be Dean’s eyes, and Castiel’s not sure staring into those would be a deterrent to kissing him either. “Because you knew I’d like it?”
Castiel privately think he does, not just because of all the flannel, but because Dean is sporting scruff that puts Italian models everywhere to shame and frankly, he’d be perfectly happy to go back to the truck and start necking.
Bobby ends up pulling Ash up to play with him and Benny, which surprisingly works out alright for them. They don’t win as much as Dean thinks they would have if Cas were healthy, but they don’t sink, and they’re definitely managing to make their way through the month relatively unscathed. The deeper into the season they get, the more important games get, as they get closer and closer to things like the trade deadline and the playoffs.
Krushnic has it again.
He’s got nothing. There’s still a sick clenching in his stomach, creeping into his chest. He can’t ask Cas why he called Sam about some stupid hunt over him, not unless he wants to cut off his balls and turn them in to whatever higher power is in charge of that kind of emotional embarrassment.
He wants Dean to have liked the kiss. He wants him to do It again. He doesn’t want Dean to think it was a mistake.
Dean’s laughter dies down abruptly as his knee jerk reaction to the statement is to tell Cas he’s not observing, he
“Just because Michael doesn’t roll around with all of the benchwarmers and fourth liners like Winchester here doesn’t mean I need to find time with him. I’m one of Michael’s favorites.”
Dean ducks his head and rubs the back of his neck. “I don’t think you got any worries there, Cas.”
, his own personal alarm. Touches initiated by Cas Dean can count practically on one hand, and he can certainly remember them all.
“I’m not sure if you remember me. Krissy? I was at the Make A Wish deal with my friend Aidan a few months ago. You gave us your card.”
He eats a couple more too, because they’re fucking delicious even when cold. And he’s not pouting or anything. Nah, he’s hungry, see?
derogatory…”
“You mean your surrogate daddy gave you permission to take your boyfriend out of work early?” Meg raises an eyebrow. “And they say nepotism is dead.”
“Oh-kaaaaay,” Dean sounds out slowly, throwing back the rest of his beer. “Whiskey?”
“You know, with Humphrey Bogart in that trench coat. Hey,” Sam smiles. “So I guess that makes sense.”
The woman nods, and Castiel finally notices her name tag, which reads ‘Anna.’ “That’s on the fifth floor. If you head on up, I can let her know you’re coming.”
“No problem,” Dean says, a fake breeziness to his tone as he turns the lock on the door.
“Dude, I don’t care if the Stanley Cup is handed over to us just because your name is on the roster,” Dean grunts, slamming down another cat. “It’s not gonna be the same without Victor, and it’s definitely not gonna be the same when we got no good vibe going on the ice. What a crappy memory that would make, winning the biggest trophy in sports alongside a guy you’re not even happy is there.”
“Oh hey, come on, not like that,” Dean says, and Castiel might have imagined the hand he feels brush against his arm, it happens so quickly. “It’s mean he’s being all huffy with. Says I’m taking advantage of you, or some shit.”
I'm hoping this helps me get back into writing, since I've been planning to add to my hockey fic forever.
“You didn’t even go in to see him.”
He has no idea what that look on his face is. Idiotic, maybe.
and then he’ll think…
“You guys are horrible,” Sam says suddenly. “How would you like it if you were objectified like this? They’re just people, you’d think they could skate without you guys drooling all over it.”
“Crowley,” Dean says as the man draws closer, still standing a careful distance away from Cas. “Didn’t know it was your once a year visit today.”
Cas looks at him and if possible his eyes narrow more. Dean’s about to ask him what the fuck he’s staring at when, to his surprise, Cas reaches up and brushes a finger over the cut of Dean’s cheekbone, once, twice.
“I believe Sam and Chuck know this book well enough not to need it to discuss it anyway,” Cas comments, flipping a page. “That’s what it sounded like in the closet.”
“What about her?”
Dean trusts Cas, and Cas trusts Jack.
He refuses to think of this as sentimental.
“I think I can take it from here, Agent Butler, Agent Ward,” Cas interrupts smoothly, and Jesus, he’s still got that fucking voice going, gravelly and clipped and tinged with impatience. “Ms. Contrarez, you told the fire investigator that you had been hearing Lucifer in your head for several days prior to the fire.”
After Bobby announces the starting lineup (Lafitte, Winchester, Krushnic, Winchester, Shirley, Milton in net), Dean stands up, making sure all eyes are on him. “You guys looked like shit.”
Someone managed to wrestle him into pajama pants and long sleeved tee. Dean wonders if it was Sam – it would explain why the dog isn’t currently trying to make his day even harder.
“Going on dates, that’s something humans do, isn’t it?” he asks Dean pointedly.
“No,” Castiel says, agreeing.
They want a Leviathan blossom.
If Dean answers, Castiel doesn’t hear as he climbs down carefully off the platform and stalks past Gabriel.
Cas must not have been all that asleep, because his eyes crack open and though it takes him a second to figure out what’s going on, he brings his knees closer to his chest, sitting up. Dean drops the plate on the table in front of him and grabs one of the sandwiches, turning his attention to the TV. Cas is watching Dr. Sexy.
“Thank God,” Kevin says with relief, and Dean doesn’t have any time to ask what the hell he means by that before Bobby is blowing his whistle and yelling at them to keep moving.
Cas transfers the frown to Dean, but it’s more puzzled now. “I mean, uh, that’d be kind of a hassle, wouldn’t it?”
Dean shrugs and waves the card at him. “What can I say, man? I got a gift.”
“You know all the tabloids are already paying attention to you, right?” Krissy asks.
Castiel ends up winning. Amidst Dean’s grumbles of how unfair this is (Castiel points out that Dean had a head start, to which he has no response, but it does cause him to stop grumbling in order to pout for a few minutes) they end up choosing much more than just a shitload of ornaments. Castiel picks out multiple colored bulbs, some ornate looking colored glass, and when Dean complains he’s being boring, he throws in an entire box of blue ornaments just to spite him. In retaliation, Dean somehow manages to find a collection of Disney princess ornaments, along with some snowflakes, some beautiful glass icicles and a series of bulbs with winter scenes painted on to their sides. He also manages to grab some silver garland and a box of candycanes, even though Cas protests that it will overcrowd the tree.
“Tell him?” Sam suggests.
He and the guys say shit like that all the time to one another. Dean’s not sure why it’s only hitting him now. Except there’s a chance – a tiny, microscopic chance – that on some level Sammy is serious. “Why did you tell Cas he could room with me?” he asks lowly. “We always room together.”
“You’ve just hit on precisely why we want it from you,” Balthazar drawls. Dean notices he his his phone up like he’s recording and flips him off for good measure.
Dean’s heart aches. “Why now?” he asks. “Why this?”
“You kidding?” Dean makes a face. “Damn thing comes in red. You though,” he brushes a finger along the apple of Cas’ cheek. “Bet you look damn nice with all the peach fuzz and your tough guy jaw.”
Dean rolls his eyes. “Stop pussyfooting around and just admit you missed me.”
“Nah,” Gabriel says cheerfully, clapping him on the shoulder. “You assholes are the only ones I can tolerate after hours.”
“You were hitting me first, Dean.”
He could tell them that, but it’s not very coherent, and he’s not sure they’d understand. Hell, he’s not even sure he can explain it to himself, not when he’s managed to pretzel his brain into believing one instance of sex with Cas was not gay, so none of that bad shit was gonna happen. Because after that one sexual experience, he’d be back to normal. Just an experiment to prove he didn’t like it.
“That was so out of character,” Sam says.
“Sam says you like Batman,” Krushnic replies, because of course Sam probably tells Krushnic about Dean any chance he can get. Kid gets antsy when he thinks Dean can’t make friends on his own. “Would you like to go on the ride?”
Cas stops just in front of him, studying him. If Dean jerked forward, to get away from the car, he’d be pushing their groins together. His look is so intense that Dean is finding it impossible to look away.
Dean laughs. “Dating ain’t exactly American, Cas.”
Castiel doesn’t stop, but he slows, and Dean catches up to him quickly. “What’s up, man? I know Gabriel’s singing is pretty horrible, but I thought I was doing alright.”
“Does this mean you’re over the cowboys?” Sam calls after him.
Cas looks a little surprised by the attention, but his mouth sets in that stubborn line of his. “I need it. What was that about?”
“Looks like Christmas came early, huh Deano?” Gabriel laughs.
He regrets it the second Cas actually does fall back, and for a second he can’t believe he actually listened. Then Dean decides he doesn’t care. Let Cas tell Sam about his date. He doesn’t want to hear it.
Dean shuts up.
over Dean, just like Cas, that sends him over the edge.
Cas hums and squirts more onto his hand. Like before, the glitter in the lube is gold and catches the light at every movement Cas’ hand makes. Dean’s so busy watching Cas study his hand he’s a second too late from stopping him from swiping a finger just below Dean’s eye.
. And to not show up again until practically the last minute of one of the most important games of the season.
“What. Autographs?”
He’s not sure about how he feels about having a dick up his ass though. He doesn’t like the idea of the loss of control, and he really hates to admit it, but he’s still got hang ups about being fucked by a dude. It’s like the ultimate surrender to his bisexuality.
Dean groans. “You can do whatever you want sweetheart, just do something.”
Dean used to joke when he was very young and very stupid, when he’d just gotten Sam back from Stanford and had thought maybe life was worth paying attention to again, that someone up there must have it out for them.
“It got you to talk you me,” Krushnic points out, and Dean thinks he’s actually smug about it. “Doesn’t that count as an ice breaker?”
“That’s not gonna get Cas drunk.”
They keep that one goal lead the rest of the period, the only real excitement coming in the final minute when Gabriel saves yet another shot made by Zachariah. He must have said something antagonizing as usual, because within seconds Zachariah is in his face. Dean immediately steps in the middle of them to protect his goalie, yelling threats right back into Zachariah’s face, and quickly finds himself in headlock, which is about the furthest thing from okay Dean can think of. “Fuck off,” he growls, managing to elbow whoever has him in the stomach just as the refs appear. They drag Michael off of him, because of course it’s Michael, who would never miss the chance to shove his hard on in Dean’s face. The ref pushes him off the ice too, and the period finishes off relatively quickly.
“Yes you are,” he replies instantly. “You are a beautiful person, Dean. I like this very much about you.”
Dean has just climbed into the box, making him about an inch or two taller than Krushnic than he usually is when he turns around and snarls. “You’re fucking kidding me.”
“Maybe,” Dean slurs, trying to shrug. “Still pretty. Not as pretty as Cas, though.” He winces. “Sorry.”
Dean’s mouth is already full, but he manages to stuff more pancake in there anyway.
“You play fucking dirty at that,” Dean grumbles but reluctantly sits up, jerking his head towards the way Sam had retreated. “Let’s go, Cas.”
Castiel frowns. “I hadn’t realized that was a traumatizing experience.”
He remembers Cas, indignant.
And the entire time, he doesn’t think about Cas once. He swears.
“Dude, he asked you back to his place.”
“Frozen, dude. The answer is always Frozen,” she says, pointing towards a large display that featured a snowman with a strangely shaped head. “Anyway, that’s only one part of what we do. The other side of the spectrum is the kids. A lot of the time you’ll find them running around alone, and we gotta keep an eye on them, sometimes entertain them.” Charlie eyes him. “I get the feeling that’s not your strong point.”
It’s late in the day, and Dean figures they’ve been in the park long enough to satisfy Bobby’s sadistic need to keep them all trapped with one another. If they head back to the city now, most of the guys will still be able to get together with their families, and Dean can go the fuck home.
“Yeah!” the kid insists again.
Cas thinks she’s joking. Maybe. He’s been getting a little better at realizing Charlie’s special brand of humor. Dean’s as well, come to think of it.
“Not anymore,” Dean says testily. “That story is a load of shit.”
“Dinner?” Dean says, watching the waiter who’s just appeared circle the table. He’s got bread baskets, and Dean could really use something to shove in his mouth right about now. Any excuse to be left alone. “Yeah, kinda. Happens every night here in America.”
“Pretty sure staring at another book isn’t gonna help the whole going out of my mind thing, Sammy,” Dean says dryly. “Feel like we haven’t had a case in ages.”
“May I tell you upstairs?” Cas asks, and Dean is so relieved Cas is coming upstairs with him at all that he doesn’t ask questions, just follows him back up the stairs.
Amara is…absence. When she gets close to Dean. It’s an absolute nothingness right in his heart, threatening to swallow him whole. And Dean can’t pull himself away from it.
And…yeah, so maybe that was the best kiss Dean has ever had. And maybe it’ll keep a starring role in his fantasies for a while to come. But Dean can do that, if that’s what Cas wants.
Krushnic looks up. And shoots.
Sam and Chuck’s room is an exact mirror of their own, and Dean wastes no time in yanking open the closet door. Sam and Chuck’s bags are set neatly side by side and he grabs them both, looking up to see what the hell Cas is doing. He’s studying a book he must’ve picked up from the bedside table with a curious look on his face. “What is Supernatural?”
The next sound that comes out of his mouth is more an unidentifiable noise than an actual word.
Dean surges forward and kisses him.
Dean stares at him. He has to give the guy credit for his balls, given that they’re more likely to get sticked ‘accidentally’ by someone on the team now more than anything else. Dean couldn’t have asked for a better situation if he tried. Krushnic was
Benny guffaws and Dean makes a face. “Obviously that was a goddamned bad change, Sammy.”
Castiel’s insistent. “No. It didn’t.”
Cas quirks a smile. “You are very smart, Dean.”
“Dean,” Cas says, beginning to look concerned. “I can redo them if it’s bothering you.”
Dean makes an obscene gesture at him. “Cram it with walnuts, Sam,” he turns to Jo, nodding at her bruised cheek. “Looks like you got hit too. What, you breaking rules and not wearing the full faced mask like you ladies are supposed to?”
“Holy hell, Cassie, why does your apartment smell like you’ve been cooking?”
Cas glares sullenly for at the table for a moment, and it’s taking him so long to talk that Dean is thinking about telling him to forget it when he says, “Anna is unhappy with me. I have tried to visit twice now, and she won’t allow me to see her.”
Cas chuckles against his neck, his cool breath skittering across the damp patch he’s sucked into Dean’s skin, making him shiver. “I’m very grateful for what it’s protecting,” he says quietly, and Dean’s got Cas’ strap off even faster than he had his own.
They’re issues he would have had without the millions of people watching him and probably even rooting for him to fail so they have something to read about during their coffee breaks at their shitty office jobs.
“Oh,” Gabriel says easily, backing away from Dean like he hadn’t just had his face two inches from Dean’s chest. “Then what upset you?”
“Hey, Deano’s always ready to roll out the welcome wagon for the ladies,” Gabriel sniggers. “And now Castiel.”
The idea that Cas still carries guilt about it, still considers it as something he may have to make up for, startles him.
It's at this point that Dean realizes one, he can hear noises outside their stall, which means the bathroom is no longer empty, and that two, he’s pretty sure the only thing holding the stall door closed is his body pressed against it, something he doesn’t have much faith in with the way his legs are shaking and Cas murmuring how good he is.
Gabriel snorts and shifts his bag. “Break isn’t over until I set foot on that ice, Winchester. Then we’ll see who’s slow.”
“What is Never Have I Ever?” Cas asks.
The universe is playing a joke on him. That, or Sam and Gabriel have somehow managed to figure out what’s been fucking with his brain the last few weeks, and are using it in their next elaborate prank. He wouldn’t put it past them, since Balthazar was still somehow convinced that it was the Queen he’d talked to on the phone last fall.
“EAT A DICK!”
He scores in the second period, just because he can, and Cas beams at him and hugs him maybe a little longer than necessary, and Dean hopes to hell Gordon is watching, because fuck him. Fuck. Him.
And Dean fucking wants that shot. He wants it so badly he can feel it in his gut, because he knows that shot will go in.
“Marlowe!” he blurts out.
“Number two! Boarding!” Dean hears the ref call, and Dean’s heart sinks. Lucifer is scraping himself off the ice and Sam is skating to the penalty box looking like a kicked puppy. This was all his fault. He’d told Sam to fight back, which never works well for him purely because the refs judge any little thing he pulls by how fucking big he is. It’s height discrimination, is what it is.
, please, Cas, need you.”
“Now, please,” he says firmly. Hannah purses her lips and disappears without another word.
To trap Chuck, they need a Leviathan blossom from Purgatory. Sam is off with Eileen. Michael isn’t going with them.
They’re making good progress against Michael, finding the spear and his location. Dean’s starting to feel like they may actually finish this.
“You want fancy-ass beer, you can go into town yourself Sammy,” Dean tells him, hauling the grocery bag onto the map table. “Where’s Cas?”
It didn’t even seem like the task was going to be difficult. Of course it had heard stories, and had seen Dean Winchester and his angel pet dispatch of two vampires, a werewolf and a rougarou now. But when the fights were over, and they continued walking, they seemed…weak. Pathetic. They barely looked at one another, barely spoke, and when they did, it was to snap.
“Hey, you choking, Cap?” Ash calls. Dean manages to shake his head and Ash shrugs, turning back to Ed and Harry.
“Fine, we’ll walk.” Gabriel flings himself out of the car, leaving Castiel to apologize and pay the driver. He spends a miserable five minutes pushing through crowds of people moving against him on the sidewalk until he finally catches up with Gabriel, who’s already at the door of Macy’s. He’s able to catch a glimpse of a large crowd of people standing around the window closest to him, a flash of deep blue catching his attention before Gabriel yanks him inside.
It’s not like you have either, his brain points out as they head back to the table with the drinks. But that was different, because Dean still wasn’t sold on the idea that he was anything but straight. He just really wanted to have sex with Cas, who happened to be male. And the odds of Cas wanting the same thing probably weren’t high.
“Here’s an idea,” Eli suggests, “How about you both stick around here for a bit and drink. I’ll take care of ya.” He pushes another glass each at Dean and Cas, then heads off to fill someone else’s drink order.
And Cas, brainwashed, killed more of his family, just like he had to do to keep Raphael from restarting the apocalypse, and that was Dean’s fault, too.
Dean stares at his brother. “Dude, your shroom dealer is amazing.”
He thinks he’s been yelling Cas’ name. His skin is burning, burning, white hot, and he braces himself against a tree. “Cas,” he chokes out, he thinks it’s out loud. Maybe this is all in his head. He can’t see. His blood feels like molten lava and his chest aches. “Cas, I hope you can hear me, that wherever you are it’s not too late. I should have stopped you. You’re my best friend and I just let you go…’cause that was easier than admitting I was wrong.”
Bobby must feel it in the air too, whatever it is hanging over them. “Go get ‘em, boys,” is all he says, and then it’s game time.
Nobody seems all that concerned about this, as Dean is busy fending off Sam’s sudden barrage of questions and Gabriel is watching with fascinated delight. Luckily he doesn’t die as he manages to swallow a third of his coffee in one go.
“Agent—Cas?” is the stupidity that comes tumbling out of his mouth.
He doesn’t even know if that’s on Cas anymore. Was Chuck making Cas choose Jack over him? Did Cas even like Dean at all? He remembers learning, years ago, that it was cupids who made John and Mary fall in love, not Led Zeppelin, not fate. Dean had preached free will to Cas, had tried to show him that the preplanned apocalypse didn’t have to be. And he thought he’d succeeded. But maybe that was all a crock of shit. Maybe that’s what Chuck intended all along.
“You don’t know that,” Dean says, shooting him a grin. “Maybe you won’t be returning ‘til mornin’.”
“Well,” something dark flashes over Cas’ face for a brief second. “I still do not like them. And I do not believe I could come here alone. You make them better.”
“Great. Fucking great.”
“You’re telling me,” the guy says, pulling out a bottle and sloshing some whiskey into a glass. “Everyone here wants a Long Island or some damn drink I never heard of in unnatural colors.”
“You’re a redhead?” Jo asks in mock surprise. “What the hell else have you been keeping from me?”
“Cassie’s being a smartass,” Dean mutters, causing Cas to glare at him. Dean’s surprised when the bartender comes back with their drinks and Gabriel keeps his mouth shut, but the reason why becomes apparent when they’re standing at one of the small tables scattered around the room.
Dean feels a pillow under his cheek and burrows his face gratefully into it. The draft is chilly, but he barely shivers before a warm blanket is pulled over him.
He rolls his eyes anyway and speaks loudly. “Cas says his is missing too.”
“More like we’ve got a mutual understanding,” Gabriel corrects. “We both don’t like talking to stupid people, and sometimes out definitions of those people include each other. It all works out.”
Cas comes and sits down without question, and it’s so weird, but it makes a warmth bloom in Dean’s chest that he’s pretty sure isn’t the burbon. Maybe he needs more. Action follows thought as he tilts the bottle again. “What is it about?” Cas asks, his voice deep and rumbly besides Dean, and Dean shifts closer almost unconsciously. Christ, he wants to bury himself in Cas.
The lighting is dim, but Dean still knows Cas’ eyes are narrowed. “This is where you like to come?” he asks.
“Hey, fuck you!” Jo snaps, slapping her hand on the table a little. She takes a long pull of beer, wiping the back of her hand across her lips when she’s finished and leaning back to stare at Dean.
“Off,” he says sharply, nudging him away, and the retriever backs off, tail wagging widely and tongue lolling. Sam had saved the thing from Russia last year at the Olympics when he’d heard the government was executing all strays, and then, because he sucks, he gave him to Dean to keep because his apartment doesn’t allow pets.
“Should I be?”
“Light show?”
Krissy looks up, eyes fierce. “I told ‘em no, though. They’re for kids with fatal diseases.” She purses her lips, like the thought of fatality was so far below her it had never even crossed her mind. “I’m not gonna die.”
Lucifer gives an exaggerated shrug and grins. “Taking my new ride out for a spin?” he suggests. “Still not as smooth as Sam of course, but I am rather impressed with the upgrade Castiel has provided me over my last model.”
“Woah, woah, what stuff you talkin’ bout Sammy?”
“Smooth, bro,” Ash says.
Dean groans and cups his balls, heavy in his hand and begins fondling them, imagining Cas looming over him with the predatory look he gets when he’s heading straight down the ice with the puck and is determined to score, no matter what. He’s so ready at this point he doesn’t care what Cas does to him, just needs him to do
“What’s the story again?” Dean asks Sam. They’d stopped at a rest stop just off of I-80 to change into their fed suits, and Sam had arranged with Cas to meet outside the victim’s house.
“What did the angel want you to do?”
They’re stupid thoughts, and Dean can only blame it on the booze and the semi-manic haze that’s overtaken his body.
“What?”
“Dean!” Benny yells. Dean’s knee jerks up automatically in response, miraculously connecting with the ball that was kicked his way and sending it straight up into the rafters.
“If you say so,” Castiel says, wondering how an eight floor department store could have inflicted such feeling into Dean. He trusts there must be something special about it, if Dean can be so passionate, but he can’t bring himself to believe that it’s as magical as Dean says it is.
“S’fine.” Dean stands up and finishes off the rest of his beer in one swallow, tossing some money onto the bar. “Hey Jo, can you call me a cab? I’ll be waiting out front.”
“Oh,” he says dumbly.
“Hmm?” Cas says. He’s staring down at the weird ass glowing orb they’ve made, twisting it in his hands.
Dean wordlessly pulls open the drawer next to him and fishes out an extra peeler, handing it over to Charlie. She grabs it and a potatoe and turns to lean over the sink with him. “So, I have a question.”
Dean doesn’t get up until Bobby yells his name and the snow is beginning to soak through the knees of his jeans, because he can’t believe he just got a little heated over Cas implying what he just had.
Except apparently “go” doesn’t mean the same thing in Cas-land. Dean’s eyes had slammed shut in anticipation, but there’s no follow up of tongue or wet heat, just Cas’ hand, methodically jacking Dean off.
“What?” Dean chokes out in relief. “What? Cas, Jesus…” his arm acts without permission, pulling Cas into him, crushing him in a hug. “I thought you were mad at me!”
Dean’s never backed down from anything before though, and he sure as hell isn’t going to start now. Sam calls him a stubborn asshole, but fuck that. Dad always said sticking to your guns was an important trait for a man to have, especially when pride was on the line. Victor’s pride was being challenged here, and if he couldn’t defend it Dean was gonna do it for him. That’s how family worked.
If possible, there’s even more red up here than there is downstairs. Men dressed as toy soldiers parade around the room, one standing beside a life-size replica of Batman made out of Lego. There are shelves stacked to the brim full of every toy imaginable, tables with gadgets that whirled and spinned, a large carousel of stuffed animals and what looked like a giant piano inlaid on the floor. Castiel gave silent thanks that it was two thirty on a Monday afternoon and that the only children around were a few too small to be in school.
Cas shoots him an incredulous look. “You didn’t give me a choice Dean. You couldn’t forgive me and you couldn’t move on. I left, but you didn’t stop me.”
Luckily Dean is thinking straighter than Castiel and clearly isn’t planning on lunging across the table to kiss him in front of their brothers and the entire Walnut Room (not that Castiel had been considering that, and even if he had, he has the alcohol to blame). Instead he just says lowly, too low for Sam and Gabriel to hear, “Tomorrow I’ll start showing you the store, alright?”
Jess just smiles sweetly at him, and Sam goes even redder.
“Cool, I like Christmas,” Dean quirks an eyebrow. “So, day off today?”
“Can Cas come too?” is really the only thing Dean can think to say, and Corbett laughs and says yes, of course.
Cas leans closer to Dean and says softly, “I don’t know if you recall, Dean, but Sam is currently in a relationship with Jessica, our friend.”
“Most of the time,” he agrees.
“I’m not any good,” Dean mumbles.
“They’re called nutsacks, you dink, and their names are Thelma and Louise.”
There are more variations of stands than Castiel could have ever imagined. There were stalls with beer steins that cost about half of what he made in a week, hand carved nutcrackers and cuckoo clocks with so much detail he had a hard time believing they were made by human hands. Then there were more conventional stalls, with knitted hats and children’s toys and small delicate jewelry. It was hard to take in everything at once, especially since Castiel found himself watching Dean more than anything else. He’s like an excited child bringing Castiel from stall to stall, a happy look on his face as he’s sure to point out everything he finds interesting.
“You’re mother henning,” Victor shoots him a huge grin. “Which means you like him.”
Dean has no idea when that became the magic word. Or maybe it’s that word coupled with the concerned vibes rolling of Sammy in waves. He doesn’t know, but he blurts out, “Is it normal to kiss other guys?” before shoving half his omelet into his mouth.
“How long what?”
“He told me last night. He’s never fought during a game.”
“It’s number 323.”
“I’ll show you where to put them,” Sam volunteers. “I bet Ellen needs our help anyway.”
“Just…” Dean fishes for something to say, for some reason his lips not wanting to form the word no. “Just my jersey. Then I’m good.”
“DRINK,” Gabriel yells.
He knows he can’t be saved. Charlie shouldn’t have been left alone with Rowena and Cas. She shouldn’t have been doing this at all.
“I see,” Cas says slowly. And despite the fucking deadpan tone, he does. Dean ends up on one of the beds, because apparently when Cas is given something to do he becomes fucking determined. He ends up shoving Sam and Chuck’s bags full of towels, free packets of coffee grounds and the bible from the nightstand. The tightness in his chest eases as he focuses only on what Cas is doing, watching the bags become so overstuffed Dean actually lets out a laugh as Cas is trying to fit one of the bathrobes into a bag.
“I got a kid sister,” Trenton says, picking up speed. “I’m not saying the rumors are true, or anything, but you know, they’re out there, and it’s…it’s helping her. She’s got a girlfriend and Texas isn’t so nice to her, neither is hockey, but she got so excited when she read about you in the paper. So…thanks.” His finish is kind of lame, which is fine, because Dean really has no idea what to say.
“I can’t believe you actually dragged your ass down here,” she says as soon as she spots Dean.
John loved hockey so much he probably pushed playing longer than he should have, and instead of retiring on a high after his run with the Orcas, he made a quiet exit on an upper body injury years later. Finally married his childhood sweetheart Mary Campbell, a woman just as familiar with hockey as he was, due to her family’s prominence in the sport. Had two kids, lived comfortably.
“Once the defender has the puck on their stick,” Cas begins, carefully freeing Dean’s erection from his pants. “And it is carried over the blue line, the offense need to be in position.” He begins working his hand over Dean’s length, and Dean almost feels dizzy with the feel of Cas’ hand on him, wrapped around him. “The puck will be passed to the corner, then circled around the back of the net,” he runs his thumb around the head of Dean’s cock, smearing precome. “Then the player closest to the crease must crash the net, distracting the goalie,” he begins twisting as he strokes, thumbing at the slit of Dean’s cock and smearing even more mess. Dean bites his lip hard, feels pressure building steadily. “Then we must shoot over and over again,” two more vigorous strokes, Dean has no idea how Benny isn’t seeing this, he might as well be screaming with how loud and fast his breathing is getting. Cas gives one more twist, lets go, and Dean is actually about to scream when he feels a sharp pressure on his balls and shoots into Cas’ hand, barely stopping himself from slumping forward onto the table as he sucks in a huge gulp of air.
“Yes, that’s what mother told me,” Michael says disdainfully. “She assumes you’re standing on a street corner somewhere, shining shoes. Or worse.”
A horn honks loud and long as a truck passes by, for a legitimate reason or because the driver was appreciating the roadside show, Castiel doesn’t know. He’s embarrassed, but Dean is obviously not, since he smiles widely before heading around the hood of the truck to climb back into the driver’s seat.
“If Edlund gets us a Campbell I might consider forgiving him.”
He bets there are onion rings in there. Sam’s bribing him. “God bless Chicago,” he says anyway, making grabby hands at Sam.
“Tracy Contrarez, age twenty-seven,” Sam says, scrolling through his tablet. “Had a minor kitchen fire Tuesday night. Told the firemen who showed up that it had been started by Lucifer, who – get this – ‘was doing everything he could to get me to say yes.’”
“Dean?” Sam calls, and Dean glances down at himself, still shirtless and in last night’s jeans. The View is on TV. At least his headache’s not so bad anymore, but it’s not like he’s eaten yet today. Or done anything, really. It’s gonna take Sammy two seconds to—
“I got a problem with you!” the man spits, “Dragging your shit into our bar, fagging it up with your fucking accents and flirting. I knew you looked wrong, only needed to be told before we came and got you out of here!”
Yeah, even if Cas wants nothing to do with it, Dean has to keep this a secret, or it’s gonna get fucking messy real fast.
Dean at least gets Cas to himself for the case, Cas doubting himself every step of the way. All because of something Dean had said to him that he didn’t really mean, had purposely been meant to keep Cas away. Needlessly tearing people apart, that was Dean.
Jess gives him a large smile. “Maybe if you’re lucky you’ll draw Dean’s name!”
“And Cas Krushnic,” Dean says, lifting their joined hands and flushing almost immediately. Shit. The nurse doesn’t blink twice though, so maybe two guys holding hands isn’t as gay as he thought. “We uh, came to see Krissy, but it’d be pretty cool if we could visit with the rest of the kids too.”
“What?” Dean asks quickly. Cas has this fucking uncanny ability of knowing exactly when he’s thinking badly of himself, and even though Dean falls in love with him a little more every time he does one, he’s not sure he can handle a ‘reasons your brain is wrong and you are amazing’ tirade right now.
He’d been running along Lakeshore Drive, the wind whipping off the lake unhindered by tall buildings as it hits him flat in the face, stinging his nose and causing his eyes to water. It hadn’t snowed in a week, so at least the sidewalk is fairly clear, but it was still freezing, and the wind was strong enough this morning to cause the snow from the ground to swirl around him once again.
“I can add a little enlightenment to that question and tell you that he has a strange obsession with getting me to do something indecent at work,” Castiel shrugs. “I believe it’s to level the playing field.” He turns to face Dean, whose face is doing a truly interesting dance between several expressions. “What is it?” he prompts, brow furrowed in confusion.
Jack freezes, a deer in the headlights, and very carefully says, “no,” before bolting to the library and Sam.
“Sure,” Cas says easily. Dean wants to pretend he’s only imagining the hint of smile at the corner of his mouth, but it’s there.
“I fucked up,” he exhales softly. “What are we gonna do?”
Cas turns slightly to stare at him, his nose only inches from Dean’s, and Dean raises an eyebrow. Challenging. Hell, this might all be worth it just to see if Cas even knows how to flirt.
“Thanks,” Dean says quickly. “And thanks for coming to check on Cas, Vic. Classy of you, but I don’t wanna keep you any longer.”
Sam looks at him bleakly, his mouth set in a thin line. “I know.”
“No,” Castiel replies, feeling a spike of anger through his chest. “If Zachariah hadn’t fired me, I would have quit anyway. He was publicly defaming other businesses in order to support the ones employing him, and frankly I find that kind of behavior deplorable.”
Shit. First game of the season and they’ve already lost ball one.
“About twenty cents,” Sam replies helpfully.
“We would be handling it together,” Cas frowns. “It shouldn’t matter what they think.”
the goaltender? Cassie, I’m hurt!”
Cas hums around him, the vibration jerking Dean’s hips a little and he manages to groan out, “God, Cas, you feel so good,” before Cas sucks, and suddenly he’s lost all coherent thought.
It only lasts a moment, but it’s the angel who breaks it again. “Sorry about Benny,” he says, his voice full of regret.
Dean’s not sure what he expected, but Krissy looks fine. She’s sitting up in bed, watching the TV suspended from the wall in the corner. There’s an IV in her hand, connected to a drip bag, but that’s the extent of the medical equipment Dean can see.
“We’ll figure it out,” he promises.
Victor shrugs. “I’m from New York.”
“I have watched every episode of Dr. Sexy with you,” Cas says stubbornly. “I want to watch the bees.”
Castiel doesn’t look towards the new voice. Instead he just stares at his brother, who looks way too happy as he casually hands over one of his plates of pie.
“I won’t let them trade me, Dean,” Cas says fiercely. “But even if they do, it doesn’t matter. I will still live with you.”
Dean recoils at the simple word, at the sympathy in Cas’ voice. As far as his meager brain can analyze emotions, it is attraction. It’s a longing for everything Amara promises and embodies, no feeling, no pain, no joy. Just being. Barely being.
Heh. Maybe if he does he’ll be able to prove he can score. Haha.
Dean’s stomach sinks when he and Cas get called back to their office. He feels like he’s being sent to the principal.
He lasted almost one and a half periods. After a puck nearly left a permanent dent in his forehead, Bobby told him maybe he wanted to rethink that decision.
,” Dean swears softly, skating slowly back to the center of the ice to join Balthazar so Bobby can drop the puck for the face off. He wins it, takes it forward two feet before it’s swept away from him.
“The Yellow Pages.”
“You wanna release a dirty photo of us?” Dean grins. “Kinky, Cas. I didn’t know you had it in you.”
“Jesus I missed this.”
Dean has never hated someone so completely in his entire life.
It gets him thinking though, remembering all the times Cas has left him with words unsaid. All those unsaid words were on Dean. They’re things he’s said a million times to Sam – when he dies, Sam will, without a shadow of a doubt, know his brother loves him.
“What are you, some kind of illegal alien?” The guy’s face twists into something ugly as he takes a threatening but wavering step towards him. Dean stands up to stop him, feeling a perverse pleasure that he towers over the guy by a good few inches.
The next time he wakes up he’s hit with an overwhelming wave of nausea, and well, lucky it turns out he’s in his own apartment because otherwise he probably wouldn’t have made it to the toilet in time. He hangs his head over the side of the bowl and retches, vision spinning and blotchy, and when he’s finished and breathing, heavy and shallow, he realizes there’s a hand running up and down his back, someone murmuring things Dean’s brain doesn’t fully have the function to grasp. Cas helps Dean back to bed, where he collapses, and Dean is awake long enough to see Castiel, shirtsleeves rolled up and bodily pushing Chekov back from the toilet as he scrubs it, before he falls into oblivion once again.
Dean lifts his beer to his lips to drink and isn’t at all surprised when Sam the goody goody doesn’t do the same. Jo’s drink isn’t a surprise either, nor is Charlie too far-fetched to imagine, but Dean almost falls out of his chair when he sees Cas raise his bottle dutifully to his lips.
“Jesus, okay,” he huffs out a laugh, mouthing along the edge of Cas’ stubble roughened jaw before flipping onto his back. “You got lube?”
“Yo, Krushnic!” Ash calls out. “Be polite and come say hi to the lady!”
“Beating this guy into submission isn’t going to bring Victor back Dean,” Sam says quietly.
It didn’t even matter when Sam and Cas managed to bring him back from demonhood in a matter of weeks. It didn’t change a goddamn thing. He was the same exact person, being human just weighed him down with the guilt of it all.
“No,” Cas agrees. “But I got to sit next to you this time.” He pushes away from the table and stands up, flexing the fingers of his left hand. “I am very hungry. I will see you in our room.”
“Dean,” Cas says again, more insistent. His eyes are wide. “Dean please, you have to stop, we can’t –”
“Leave him alone, Dean,” Sam rolls his eyes and drops his fork into his empty plastic salad bowl (yeah, Sam got a salad at a burger place). “Do you guys wanna go on the Viper next?”
The other way comes at the expense of Jack killing Michael and getting his powers back, but Dean’s pretty sure the kid’s soul is kaput.
“How long I been out?” he asks, avoiding the question.
“Oh yeah,” Dean says. “What days you got off?”
“Dean?”
“I however, know you’ve gotten yourself a retail job at Macy’s, of all places,” Michael continues as if Castiel hasn’t said anything. At his words, Castiel feels his blood run cold, and he finds himself looking around, though he knows no one else is in the break room with him.”
“Shut up, Sam.”
“Hey,” Victor says, and there’s a tone to his voice so distinct Dean can guess exactly what he’s seen before he even says anything. God damn these small ass decorative pillows Sam made him buy. Dean wanted big pillows in his condo, dammit. “You reading gossip rags, Winchester?”
“Among other things,” he says stiffly. “There were difficulties in acquiring her student visa.”
Dean has been forcing Cas to be at his side for nearly a decade, and maybe Chuck had too. If Cas wants to leave, Dean will push him away.
“I’m not your pal,” Cas says threateningly, stepping closer.
“Let him experiment, Jo,” Charlie says, and there’s something about the tone of her voice, the way that she says it, that makes Dean pause. Maybe it’s because Cas reconnecting with Anna is making this feel more urgent, with the realization that he doesn’t really depend on Dean for anything anymore, or maybe it’s because he’s been wanting to ask for a while but couldn’t figure out how. Whatever the reason, he does it.
“I’m good with finding a turkey leg,” Benny drawls, staring with interest across the fountain to the Merry-Go-Round. His eyes are covered with dark sunglasses, so Dean’s not totally sure what he’s looking at. He’s not getting on that thing if Benny suggests it though.
“How ‘bout you idiots stop your schoolgirl routine and go get dressed?” Dean says, patience finally snapping. If he has to sit here, he’s not dealing with this. Luckily they leave without too much fuss, Gabriel grumbling about how he put the dick in dictator.
For the past month, Cas has been slowly tearing him a part, never saying a word about it. Dean wants to do the same.
“Yeah,” he says, turning around to face him.
He’s not just being paranoid, right?
“Her?” Castiel questions. He thinks the only time he’s ever heard an inanimate object referred to with a gendered pronoun is in a movie once, and it was being used to talk about a ship.
Dean’s pretty sure that’s fair.
“Yes,” Cas agrees and heads off to get his trench coat.
Lisa looks at Sam. Dean looks at Sam. Balthazar, Gabriel and Ash start softly chanting, “Do it, do it, do it,” in the background.
Charlie rolls her eyes. “Alright grumpy. No need to get defensive.” She pulls on a hat with a large pompom and the word ‘Marvel’ emblazoned across the front. “Have a Merry Christmas, alright Cas?”
Sam didn’t seem too bothered by it either, and they needed all the help they could get finding Lucifer, so what the hell.
“Cas,” Dean squirms, but that only makes it worse. “Cas, stop.” Great. He’s horny and ticklish.
Cas glowers at his skates. “I did not like his comment about your ass.”
So that’s great, everybody’s noticed Dean’s ineptitude. Fucking great. It’s not like Dean hasn’t been trying to hit him, but Krushnic always pulls up at the last second, and Dean has to come to an abrupt stop or risk slamming himself into the boards like some drug-fueled bruiser whose only coherent thought is, ‘Hulk SMASH.’
Dean laughs. “Bobby didn’t think so neither, fact he told me Guenthier was probably drunk, since that’s…you know. What they did. But you know, it was advice from one of the greats, and a lot of other guys there agreed with him, even I knew that as a kid. It’s advice I try to follow.”
Too late he realizes it sounds like he’s admitting something, and he knows Sam thinks it too, because his eyes get all bright and he shifts forward like he’s ready to pull Dean into a hug and shower rainbows and glitter all over him. “Not,” Dean says quickly, pointing his fork at him, “That I am.”
Dean’s pretty sure he drinks until the night ends.
Krushnic manages to keep his face emotionless, despite the small furrow in his brow, so Dean has no idea how he took that. “It’s my team as well, Dean. That cannot be wished away.”
Cas squints at Gabriel’s mug and nudges the Americano he’d gotten for Dean closer to him. “That is not sex.”
Cas, the bastard, had actually been interested enough to leave his crossword puzzle to peer over Sam’s shoulder.
family, except…is he? Sure, in the hockey sense, everybody on the team is an extension of Dean’s family. But Cas feels like more than that, and Dean is afraid of saying it out loud, of trying to put it into words.
His stomach’s warm, like he just drank a full cup of coffee, and his heart is beating faster than normal. He shifts and clears his throat. “So. You guys ready for some carols or somethin’?”
So Dean ends up at the bar with Sam and Gabriel and Cas, some of the other guys having followed them in as well and peeling off to do their own thing. Hey, he never said he was responsible.
“What’s so funny?” he asks, but he looks amused rather than annoyed, and Dean grins at him.
Benny rounds on him. “Something you wanna say?”
“Well that’d be reason enough for the bigot. Asshole,” Victor says. Amazingly enough, that’s the end of the conversation, and Dean spends the rest of breakfast wondering why the hell this supposed revelation was shocking to basically no one.
He lived a pathetic life. A pathetic, sexless, confused life.
Castiel pushes his way through the cold, frigid air that defines a Chicago winter, dodging others who, like him, are on their way to work. State Street is busy most of the time, but in the winter it’s unbearable, a mess of woolen coats and slush and people who’d rather be anywhere but outside. Everyone’s head is down to avoid the biting wind coming off of Lake Michigan, making it much harder to navigate the sidewalk. Yet somehow, the city always manages.
“Bye!” she calls, dragging the stroller behind her.
“Dean,” Cas grits out.
“Why?” Castiel asks.
“Anyway,” Claire shifts from one foot to another, then suddenly shoots Dean another grin, though he thinks she must still be talking to Cas when she says, “thanks,” again before grabbing Kaia’s hand and pulling her down the concourse.
“How is this still
He’s angry at Cas for a long time, even as he fishes his trench coat out of the reservoir and swears softly at it.
“If I was a sincere guy, I’d tell you you are,” Dean replies, throwing the first ball. Bullseye.. “But there’s this thing called loyalty, you know. I’d rather have Victor.”
“Krushnic. But the Soviet dictator might have been a better option,” Dean muttered. “Guy’s a total asshole, Vic. Thinks he’s better than everybody else an’ makes no effort to become part of the team other than to show up at practice, and here’s Bobby threatening to take away my captaincy if I don’t start holding his hand and skipping to practice every day.”
Cas shifts, and Dean realizes what he’s doing right before he’s managed to get Dean looking at him. Cas is frowning, his forehead creased and hair messy. “I did it because you suggested it,” he says, lips pursing a little. “I take all of your suggestions into high consideration, Dean.”
When Castiel was eight Naomi told him Santa Claus didn’t exist, mostly, he suspects, in order to stop him from asking questions. It worked for a while, although as he grew older his family members grew more and more disdainful of him. Of why he couldn’t just shut up and spend the holiday in silent reflection and thanks, like he was meant to do.
“Sorry,” Castiel repeats. “I don’t know what that was.”
He doesn’t really think this is gonna work, because Bobby’s idea of bonding time is probably fishing or some other shit where no one has to talk to anyone if they don’t want to. Sucks that this is happening on their day off too. But it can’t hurt to try, and then at least Dean can say they attempted to fix the problem when Edlund’s looking to start trades again in the spring. Labeling anybody, even Krushnic, with something like, ‘doesn’t get along well with teammates’ is a major dickhole thing to do, and it can spell the end of your NHL career.
“Russian,” Gordon says darkly from the corner, glaring at them all.
“Remember when he wouldn’t even look at me that entire week I was on cortisone for my arm?” Sam asks quietly.
That gets Sam teased all the way down to the car, and Dean tries to distract himself with it instead of frowning at the little light that indicates they’re going past Cas’ floor on the elevator.
“Yes. Many.”
Dean raises his eyes to Sam’s and squints. “I’m always pissed at Krushnic.”
Dean grins as well as he can around Cas’ dick before slowly moving his head forward, taking as much of Cas as he can before pulling back. Concentrating, he does it again, only this time he hollows his cheeks, begins sucking as he uses his tongue to taste Cas.
Dean barks out a laugh, wrinkles his nose. “Fucking gross. We’re not doing that again.”
“WINCHESTER,” they yell as soon as the team appears. Dean hears some screams of Krushnic mixed in there too, but no one else, and he’s terrified it’s finally happening until he realizes there are maybe five reporters here, and from the build up it’s been getting he thinks his sexuality would get a little more attention than that.
“Uncle Bobby’s wasn’t open for complaint then?” Balthazar smirks. “That will make for an awkward family dinner.”
“Any special reason you’re trying to drink yourself under the table, or is it just for funsies?”
“Sometimes,” Dean grins as Cas swats the stick away and thumps it against the roof of the cab. “Tonight we’re drinking.” To forget Gordon, maybe to wake up next to some girl in the morning, magically cured of his desire to see Cas naked. A guy can dream, right?
He’s almost ready to kill them all. They’ve all got these weird little quirks he’s never heard before. Chuck can’t sit at any table too close to the door, Balthazar needs his line to start at least five feet from the table, and Ed and Harry refuse to sign with anyone but each other (actually, that one shouldn’t have been a surprise).
He knows there are only a few hours left to find him and get to the rift before it closes. He knows he’s not leaving without him.
“What?” Dean snaps.
“You don’t think this is practice, Sammy?” Dean says, not turning to look at him. “Challenge me if you want, Mr. Alternate Captain.”
He sits in silence with her for a few moments, the girl shifting occasionally next to him and fiddling with his stick. The team’s starting to use this part of the ice now, so he knows they’ve all seen him and are wondering what the fuck they’re doing. He doesn’t care. He’s not sure what he’s doing here either, but he wants to do something.
Sam makes a face, an ‘I’m proud of you for being so mature about sleeping in the same bed as another guy’ face, and Dean resists the urge to flip him off. “I’m glad you two aren’t being weird anymore.”
“Points for effort, I guess,” Dean mutters, pulling up a chair and dropping into it. He realizes his thumb is idly running along the curve of Cas’ hand, but he could really care less at the moment, with the look Cas keeps shooting the drip bag. “Came because I was worried.”
“No, I did not do much in Russia other than play hockey,” he says flatly, a challenge in his eyes as he leans back in his chair. Your turn, Winchester, pony up.
“Heh. Yeah.” Dean pulls two beers from his fridge and tosses one at Victor. He’d forgotten that he hadn’t exactly told his friend that Cas isn’t so bad, once you start talking to him and get him to lighten up. Hell, Dean could probably call him a friend now.
Dean shrugs his shoulder so hard Krushnic bolts up violently, startling Sam and Gabriel, who are just returning. “Look out for Spazmo Joe,” Gabriel jokes, slumping into his seat.
“Hey don’t blame me,” Dean protests, rubbing his arm before unlocking his apartment door. “I wasn’t sure you’d be able to get away from the kids before the game tomorrow night, since you’re their new daddy. How’s that C treatin’ you?”
Then Cas is filling him, and Dean swears. “C’mon baby,” he says, lifting himself up a little. “C’mon Cas, you gotta help me, I need you to help me.”
Jo’s got a point, even if Dean doesn’t want to admit it. He
“Um, Dean?” Lisa says.
And he’s definitely not going to think about why he’s been looking for him in his bed.
The taxi driver, laughs, a full body laugh that surprises Dean so much he stops struggling with the stick, allowing Cas to whack him in the shoulder again. “Ow! Son of a bitch, Cas—”
“Gotta do it right, Sammy,” Dean shrugs. “Anyway, why the fuck are you complaining about a free day with the Cup?”
“That doesn’t make any sense, Dean, how does baseball make a hotdog taste better?”
“It’s not about that,” Sam assures her, in full calm and understanding mode. “Ms. Contrarez, we want to talk to you about the voice you said you heard.”
“I’m not sure what you mean,” he can practically hear the confused frown through the phone. “Do you and Sam require me for something?”
The kid gives a frustrated huff. “Ariana won’t be my girlfriend.”
This looks so gay, standing here in the middle of a bar. He knows it does, and it’s that thought that forces words out of his mouth. “What the hell are you doing?”
Castiel feels his heart jump, more because Dean is actually calling than anything else. And then he realizes how pathetic that makes him, so to take his mind off of it he clears his throat to say, “Ah, yes, that, uh, it could be a problem.”
“No,” Castiel says dumbly, memorized by how green Dean’s eyes look. “No, you couldn’t if you tried.”
“I assure you,” Castiel says icily, “I fully understand the meaning of Christmas, and I have no intentions of seeming cool.”
And shit, now he’s getting all sappy.
“I never said anything like that,” Dean says firmly. If he ever admitted to anything that sappy, he was having Sammy put him into rehab for whatever drug he had to be on to say it in the first place.
The media was never right about anything. Dean remembers a time last year when they were convinced Kevin had a secret girlfriend because he was caught sneaking out of a gated community. Later Dean had learned he’d climbed the fence in order to feed a bunch of stray cats.
The next hour goes by quickly, and Dean’s pretty sure his hand is permanently stuck in a clamped position by the time he signs the last jersey, forcing a tired smile at the guy before dropping his pen and leaning back his chair. He stretches his hands above his head, lifting his shirt a little, and freezes when he catches Cas staring at him.
“I apologize, Ellen,” Cas says, turning to her. “This is my sister, Anna. She is an unexpected visit.”
“Is that the excuse you give your girlfriend as well, then?” Balthazar asks, causing Chuck to turn bright red.
“So?” Dean retorts. “I’m not the one watching my wife dance with my teammate’s girlfriend.”
It’s not a roller coaster, thankfully. More of a indoor horror ride that runs on a track. It starts by showing a newsfeed that gets hijacked by the Joker, declaring he’s come up with a new plan to terrorize Gotham, then they’re loaded onto a car and flung around in the dark. Somehow this ends up with Batman saving the day when they finally leave the ride.
He supposes the best thing about not getting drunk last night is that he’s not hungover when the dog wakes him up at six in the morning.
He blinks, and a look almost like surprise crosses his face. Dean takes the time to congratulate himself on getting the robot to show an emotion before he speaks up. “You following me around or something? Because I gotta say, that’s creepy man. If you want an autograph, just ask.”
“I don’t treat the internet like it’s gonna bite me?”
“That you’re stuck with me?” Dean ventures hesitantly.
“You sure you don’t want us to tag along?”
“To be fair,” Sam muses, “Kevin’s always up against the harder lines.”
One player questions Balthazar’s masculinity and suggests he shove his stick down his pants to feel better about himself, and the next moment Balthazar’s in the box for hooking his own stick around the guy’s ankle and tripping him on a fast break.
Then Mary died in a car accident when Dean was four, and it all went to shit.
He’s able to avoid really acknowledging Cas at all until they get back to the room, and then suddenly there’s a hand on his shoulder and he’s freezing up again. “What are we doing with the duffle bags?” Cas asks.
Castiel is suddenly insanely jealous of Gabriel and his ability to disappear from their mother’s radar without a trace.
“Finding someplace to sit,” she says, tone annoyed. “What does it look like I’m doing?”
“DEAN.”
“What?” Dean frowns in confusion at her, then realizes she must have heard the tail end of that conversation. “Oh, I told him some other time.”
There are a couple of parents mixed in with the kids, and they’re excited too, but Dean tries to get them to move on as quickly as possible. This isn’t about them.
Ed scowls deeply. “Harry got a new girlfriend and he didn’t want to hang out as much anymore. That’s a dumb reason, right? A lame girlfriend? So I’ve been telling him I need him to help me work on my defensive blocks to get him to hang out with me more. He found out I was lying to keep him away from Julie and now he’s being a pissbaby about it.”
He knows he’s made Cas good dinner loads of times, and he knows they’ve watched movies almost every night. He remembers Cas being a dick during
“Pretty crazy, finding us in the city we’re playing a game in tomorrow, huh?” Dean raises an eyebrow. “What, you call every restaurant around here until someone took pity and told ya where we were?”
“Oh!” Alex’s eyes widen and she looks back at Cas. “Well, I guess…I could send a bellhop up with you, and he could check your ID once the door was opened.”
His shift wasn’t until ten, but the breakfast buffet Gabriel was so excited about started at seven, before the store was even open. So this is how Castiel finds himself standing outside the Randall Street entrance to Macy’s before he even has to be there, watching Gabriel bounce excitedly on his toes as they stood in line waiting for the doors to open.
“Do you think I’ve been receiving hand carved angel tree toppers from anyone else?” Castiel asks, cursing himself from putting the damn thing on. But the tree had looked so bare last night, and that was what the angel was for godammit. He can’t believe Dean noticed it so quickly.
Dean stands there dumbly and lets Cas basically fondle him because he has no idea what’s going on. And Cas’ hand is weirdly gentle, for a hockey player.
His body has settled into the comfortable rhythmic hum it adopts when Cas is nearby, and they’re in his Baby, on the road, off to save the world. It’s a familiar, comfortable space, and maybe that’s why Dean opens his mouth.
and turning off the Russian subtitles so he could laugh at random times and drive Dean fucking crazy, and he remembers sex. A lot of sex. Best sex Dean’s ever had. He doesn’t remember taking Cas on a date, not the kind he’d have taken a woman out to.
Sam catches him muttering darkly to himself and nudges Dean’s skate with his stick. “Just hit him if it’s bothering you so much,” he says as he goes by.
“Don’t be rude,” Gordon says smoothly. “I wanted to congratulate you. You’re a little too good for a Russian slut like that, don’t you think?”
“Your insert-a-female-family-member-here wasn’t complaining last night,” Gabriel shoots back. “Isn’t it about time you Winchesters added some veggies to you meat-stuffed sandwich?”
Besides his goalie’s typical pissing around though, everybody else seems a bit lackluster. Pucks are barely getting flipped into the net, easy shots are getting missed, and the skating is more of a glide than a hard rush towards the goal.
“They get home?” he manages to slur out.
the headlines screams. Dean scowls at it.
“No thanks.”
“We’ll figure it out,” Cas tells him, and lays a reassuring hand on his shoulder.
The laughter abruptly stops. “You get the NHL involved, then they’ll definitely be released,” Gordon hisses. “How do you think the league is going to feel, knowing you two are doing disgusting things on their dime, walking around like you’re real men?”
Aaron sighs and runs his hand through his hair. It sticks up a bit, like Cas’. “I’m a cop. It was a rough day. What about you?”
Sam is convinced that Jack isn’t inherently evil, that his future is his own choice. Dean knows what’s going on here – Sam sees himself in Jack. He sees a kid who never knew his mom, someone who by all logic should be destined for evil. Sam says Jack considers Cas his father, not Lucifer. He says all he needs is to learn control, to have a guiding influence, like Dean was for Sam.
“Okay, Dean,” Sam says. Dean wishes he wouldn’t roll his eyes.
“Aw Cas, you’re popping your indecent workplace cherry with me?” Dean gives him an infuriating grin. “And here I thought I was just a romp in the h—“ his last word bites off in a groan as Cas presses forward, slotting his knee between Dean’s legs and nudging against the obvious beginnings of an erection.
“Only if you beat me to them,” Dean challenges, taking off to the other side of the floor before Castiel can react.
Don’t do it, asshole.
“I can’t decide if America is truly this strange, or if you are just full of…” Cas frowns and trails off.
Dean winces in the way only a disappointed yell from a parent can create, avoiding Bobby’s disapproving glare as he slowly skates around the ice to pick up the other end of his stick and then his puck.
Cas offers him a hesitant smile. “That does sound very cool,” he nods. The word is unfamiliar on his tongue, more foreign than usual, but Dean likes it, because Cas said it for him. The giant washer behind him buzzes to announce it’s finished its cycle, but for some reason he doesn’t move to get up, instead choosing to stay sitting in Cas’ presence.
“Too late.” He swears again.
He shrugs helplessly at him. “Yeah, I guess, but those chicks weren’t into it.”
“If I were a paranoid person I’d think you were taking me out into the woods to kill me.”
Carver nods in agreement, pushing his glasses back up his nose. “Edlund listed a couple of things that are still a problem. Because of your relationship with one another,” he shrugs helplessly. “I’ve never heard of this happening at a professional level before.”
“What?” Cas squints at him like he doesn’t understand. He had been staring, but he wasn’t going to admit it. “No.”
The asshole knows what he did and he’s running onto the empty elevator, but Dean manages to tackle him into it just before the doors close, yelling triumphantly. “You asshole!”
“No, we want to thank you,” Blondie says, then grins cheekily at Dean. “I mean – no offense, thanks to you too, Dean.”
They manage to banish Lucifer, but the damage is done. They’ve as good as lost Cas, and Dean vows they’ll get Lucifer out of him if it’s the last thing they do.
Whenever the NHL sets up an outdoor game they use the day before to let the players and their families out on the ice. Most of the guys grew up playing on an outdoor pond in someone’s backyard, and even years later, on a baseball field converted into a temporary ice rink in the stadium, the feeling of nostalgia hits hard. Sharing it with your loved ones is even better.
“Sam, shut up,” Dean says. “I wanted him to fight me. Maybe if the asshole had just punched me things would have ended better last night.”
“What are we doing here?” he asks after awhile.
Charlie’s face twists into something a little like genuine horror. “That needs to be fixed. Immediately. Show him the next time he comes over.”
“Yeah,” Dean coughs uncomfortably.
His apartment is eerily quiet after being so full all day, and even the dog looks exhausted, flopped out on the couch and not moving. Dean surveys the mess that is his TV room and kitchen, filled to the brim with alcohol and food, and decides he’s too drunk to launch any sort of effective clean up.
Skating to the center of the ice and seeing Victor in blue on the other side is weird, almost like this is some sort of practice, but then when he bends over and places his stick on his knees, ready to take the face off, Victor mouths ‘game on, Winchester,’ and from there it is.
“Ships?”
“You’re not that great,” Sam mutters.
“As long as my order isn’t screwed up. I’ve had that happen before.”
“Hell of a win, boys!” Bobby announces as soon as they’re all gone, and that’s all he says before he disappears into his office with Rufus.
Cas actually turns out to be the most difficult part of this whole process, having to come to games dressed in his suit and his cast and being sent to sit in the press box with the rest of the corporate guys instead of on the bench with everyone else. Dean is amused to find that he’s a decidedly grumpy patient who has no patience for his injury or any coddling, instead continuing to insist that he’s fine and could play the second his cast comes off. Deans finds Cas in his apartment during the month of November more than he has any other time, and it becomes so frequent that Dean’s beginning to wake up in the middle of the night wondering where the fuck the guy went.
Dean leans over the table to catch a better glimpse of the kid. He’s cute, chewing on the hockey puck Dean guesses he’s supposed to sign. The second he catches sight of Dean, he breaks into a wide smile, some of his teeth missing.
Dean tries hard to concentrate on something unarousing, like Gabriel in a speedo or Sam after Mexican food night, but all he’s really able to focus on is Cas’ hand inching closer and closer to his cock and the warmth pooling deep in his belly.
“This is what you want to go on?” Krushnic asks finally.
Why the fuck is this so appealing? Is this what those girls are after when they’re following them around in bars, when they insist all they want is one night, just one night and you damn well won’t regret it? Dean never has regretted it, but he’s never really considered that maybe those girls are coming after him because he’s talented, not just because he’s attractive, but because it’s a fucking rush that he’s so dominant…based on his fucking stats, essentially.
“Everything okay over there?”
“How?” This is probably the most ridiculous thing he’s heard all day.
“Hey, uh,” he says awkwardly, and Cas, whose mouth was open and ready to respond, squints his eyes at Dean instead. Dean feels like an idiot. “I can drive you to practice. Every morning. If you want.”
Castiel wonders how Dean has picked up on that. Surely he hadn’t said anything to incriminate himself, and he’d been very subtle when he’d left Millennium after hearing those carolers. He’d been sure to tell Dean nothing about his family, either, except where Gabriel happened to pop into the conversation. “So what?”
“Your soul is the brightest I’ve ever seen,” Cas says firmly, and that, apparently, is the end of discussion.
Dean’s never managed to be a heartless bastard on purpose. The guilt always manages to kill him.
Amara is scary, and borderline To Catch a Predator, and Dean still can’t help being drawn to her. It’s because of his connection to the Mark, Sam theorizes, and Cas agrees, but Dean doesn’t care what it is, or that there might be a logical explanation. He just wants it to stop.
“Sure,” Dean leers at him and hops up, bending over to hold his hand out to Castiel. “Come on, I’ve got to get these fixed before the lunch rush.”
“When do you think Cas is gonna get here?” he asks Sam the next morning.
“Do you need help finding anything else?”
“I, uh,” Sam goes slightly red, “I want to get Jess my jersey, and the store said we should show up before opening to avoid getting mobbed.”
For a split second. Dean thinks Cas is gonna kiss him.
He doesn’t want to answer either one of those really, but Charlie is a new friend, and he really likes her, so he does his best. “Birthdays are stupid,” he grouses. Okay, so maybe not his best. “Dunno where Cas is.”
“Excuses, denial.” The Empty sighs and runs a hand up Billie’s scythe. “Remember Castiel, I know who you love.”
“How long with you been struggling with it?”
Dean rolls his eyes and pulls out a twenty. “Aren’t you tired of losing to me, Ash?”
“Dude,” Dean says. “This shit is everywhere.”
Castiel does, connecting the new strand to the ones already on the tree. Dean begins winding the lights through the empty branches, and Castiel watches carefully. He’s never seen this done before. “Do the lights usually die?”
lost the game.”
“What were you doing with Cas?” Sam shoots back immediately, and Dean shuts up and takes the beer Sam is holding.
Dean sighs heavily. “Come on,” he tells Sam, heading towards them.
“If I’m breaking one part of the deal,” the Empty says conversationally, “I might as well have my fun killing you before Castiel and I go.”
“You’re doing that face again!”
Dean believes her.
Dean opens his mouth to retort that there’s no way in hell he’s letting go now when he’s stopped by Gabriel, who makes his appearance known by shoving a beer bottle into Dean’s mouth.
“What? No,” Castiel shakes his head. “Why the hell do you want to go on a date with me?”
“You’re very drunk.”
Dean kisses him to get that look off his face, because it’s too much, but Cas’ eyes are still shining when Dean pulls back. “You’re sappy as hell.”
When he lowers his glass again, he catches sight of Cas regarding him with a bemused expression, Chekov’s tail thumping happily against the arm of the chair Cas is sitting in as he pets him.
The second time he wakes up, he can tell without opening his eyes that it’s not morning yet. He’s vaguely aware of the warm body pressed against his side, and when his arm spasms he knows he’s got it slung over Cas. His barely conscious brain doesn’t care at all though, and he finds himself shoving his cold nose deeper into the nape of Cas’ neck. Cas makes a sleepy noise of discontent, and Dean falls back asleep with an involuntary smile on his face.
“What kind of hockey player doesn’t fucking fight?” Dean asks disbelievingly. The idea is unimaginable to him, least of all because when a team knows some guy on the ice isn’t going to stand up for himself they tend to fuck with him more.
But then Jack starts coughing up blood.
“You don’t tell a dude he looks nice while he’s holding onto your wrist, Cas. He’ll get the wrong idea.”
Hr scrambles into sitting position, looking around, disoriented. The good news is they’re in Cas’ room, so at least he got home alright and he’s not lying face down in the gutter. The bad news – he’s in bed with Cas.
“It’s easier to say!” Dean’s aware that his voice is rising and tries to lower it. “I’m just being a good teammate, Sammy. It’s what everybody wanted, but I can stop if it bothers you.”
Usually after a game, they order pizza and put on a movie. Somehow Dean ends up gravitating onto Cas’ bed. Half the time he jerks awake to find Cas reading one of those stupid Supernatural books Sam got him into, his hand resting on Cas’ leg and the credits rolling softly in the background because the considerate asshole had turned down the volume.
Cas has got that look in his eye again though, the one that Dean can’t think about, refuses to interpret. So he leans forward and kisses Cas again.
“She goes to university here,” Cas says stiffly. “I thought that was fairly obvious.”
His head is woozy, his movements still jerky and unsteady, so Dean doesn’t really trust himself to make anything that involves a stove, or even the microwave. Instead he pulls out the loaf of bread, starts spreading peanut butter methodically and thickly onto the slices.
Ash shrugs. “He wants to play.”
Sammy is screaming so loudly in his ear Dean is afraid he’s gonna burst an ear drum. Dean thinks he might have actually been lifted off the ice as Sam shots, “WE WON, HOLY FUCK. WE’RE GOING TO THE FINALS. WE WON, DEAN!” Someone barrels into Sam’s side and Sam all but drops him, and then Benny’s on top of him, shouting in such a thick Cajun accent that Dean can’t understand. He scans the ice frantically, searching, and then bright blue eyes meet his.
but there’s not much Dean can do about it, not with Benny suddenly clapping him on the shoulder.
through a lady’s bedroom window.”
“Your teammate, huh?” the guy raises an eyebrow and passes over the drink, looks like he’s in no rush to leave Dean. “You on some kind of team?”
“I thought you got along with Sam?”
“You gonna get on the ice anytime soon, Cas?”
“No,” he finally answers, and Dean lets out a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding, wants to kick himself for it. “I haven’t been on a date with anybody. This is just what I understand them to be.”
“’Sperience all the time,” Dean says matter-of-factly, and fuck it, he throws his feet up on the couch, tucking himself into Cas. To his credit, Cas doesn’t even question it, just moves a little to make more room for Dean, his arm fluttering uncertainly for a moment before ending up draped across his back.
Yeah. Instead of getting excited about the pickup in hockey games, Dean Winchester is fucking freaking out over asking a guy to come stuff his face full of mashed potatoes with him with his family at his surrogate father's house.
There’s a loud pounding on the door. That’s the first thing Dean notices. The second thing he notices is that he’s ridiculously cold. Groaning he makes a grab for something to cover himself with, covers, anything. ‘Cept they’re all bunched down at his feet, and when he cracks his eyes open, Cas is nowhere in sight.
“I shovel up the loose ice during breaks so the Zamboni doesn’t have to be brought out every five minutes,” Lisa smiles at Krushnic.
“Anything,” Dean promises, because the alcohol is sitting warm and heavy in his stomach, and Cas is warm and solid beneath him, and Christ this feels good. His brain is buzzing with the bourbon, filled with nothing but the smell of Cas and the taste of Cas and Jesus Christ,
Lauren, the author, is out of the country and asked me to put chapters 6 and 7 up for her because she doesn't have access to the internet; putting them both up at the same time to make things easier! - Rachel (rabalaskas)
“Hello,” Krushnic says, eyes running over all of them and coming to a rest on Lisa. He slowly holds out his hand. “I’m Castiel.”
“I fucking worship food. I fucking worship women,” he shrugs. “Both are fucking great.”
Cas goes begins to bob his head, sucking, wrapping his tongue around Dean and probing at his slit, and while it’s not the best blowjob Dean’s ever gotten, it doesn’t really matter. Cas’ enthusiasm more than makes up for it, his single minded intensity, and Dean finds himself gritting out praise, encouraging him to go faster, be rougher. He can feel his orgasm building, driven by the obscene sight of Cas fully dressed on the floor with his mouth full of Dean’s dick, lips stretched around him and eyes dark with want. Dean swears when he notices that Cas has slipped his own cock out of his sweatpants, is palming himself while he sucks Dean off.
“Dean,” he mutters again, so Dean circles his arms around Cas’ waist.
Dean’s eyes are beginning to water, and he cannot believe he is going to cry over this, a lost future with Cas because he waited too damn long. “So we can’t have that.”
“I do know some American things on my own,” Cas says randomly, and it takes Dean a minute to realize he’s skipping the emotional-slash-sexual identity stuff and rounding right back around to their earlier conversation.
“What the hell was that?” Cas asks as soon as they’re far enough away from the desk.
I've never experienced an attack, panic or anxiety or otherwise, and while what Cas is experiencing in this chapter isn't exactly that, he is having a magnified freak out. I did a bit of research to look at what that feels like, but if there's anything glaringly incorrect please let me know and I'll fix it as best I can.
Cas begins thrusting, slowly at first, building speed until he’s going deeper and deeper, hitting Dean’s prostate and forcing the breath out of him in small gasps and moans he tries to hide in the mattress. Cas hears though, because Cas always hears, and he thrusts again, demanding. “Dean.”
“Dean!” Cas shouts, and Dean rockets to his feet, useless pistol back in hand. Cas is bleeding from a huge cut in his forehead, with another gash on his palm and slashed across his collarbone. The Empty doesn’t look like Billie anymore. It reminds Dean of the Leviathan, but slicker, oily, more like a black hole than a dark mass. Cas is grabbing hold of parts of it and flashing it with his grace, but the flashes aren’t that strong and for every arm that recoils another appears to wrap around him.
He drains the rest of his beer and decides he’s had enough of this conversation, which is a shame because it means he’ll have to go home and drink alone, never a fun prospect. It’s now pretty clear that Jo is trying to talk herself through something, but he won’t be able to help because he sucks, and because it’s causing his head to go to some really weird places. “I’ve gotta go, Jo. I’ll see you next week, alright?”
He thought.
Dean raises and eyebrow at him and Castiel suppresses a smile as he moves onto the next tree. “This is Miss Douglas. How you doing miss? Sweet smelling, pretty color, and the softest body you’ll ever feel. Every American man’s dream.”
Dean was pretty sure Sam should be showing more compassion for a guy who’d just been cooed over and called “cute” by two girls he’s positive weren’t even out of high school yet. “What happened to Mr. Be-A-Role-Model-Save-the-Children-Dean?”
Even if they’re winning, there’s something broken in his team, in his family, and Dean doesn’t know how to fix it.
Cas doesn’t call, so Dean has to assume Tracy’s brother was a bust, and that he and Crowley are following their next lead onto Lucifer. Mom starts texting more, finally, so at least Dean can relax a little on that front, and when he nervously suggests playing Words With Friends, her answer is reassuringly enthusiastic. He and Sam go on another case, a vampire in Tuscaloosa, and Dean does his best to hide the copy of
“What?”
Dean’s good at getting other people wet.
He moves through their next few cases in a fog, mentioning to Sam that something seems off about Cas. “Something always seems off about Cas,” Sam says, and Dean dutifully laughs, but it still doesn’t feel right.
“You’re kidding,” the driver says, peering at the hood like he doesn’t really trust that Dean did anything. “Just like that?”
“Fix it,” she tells both of them. But Dean won’t, and this isn’t Cas’ to fix, because in Dean’s more quiet moments, he knows Cas has done nothing wrong.
“Why’d you bring her here with you?”
The voice is young and female, and Dean sits up, disturbing Chekov. “Yeah,” he says cautiously. “Who’s this?”
Sam immediately hands the food over, and his eagerness to get rid of it becomes clear when he squats to the floor and lets Chekov attack his face with his tongue. “Didya miss me?” Sam asks. “I bet you did.”
Dean couldn’t really blame him for that, but damn, this mooseburger was pretty good.
A phone rings and Dean snaps awake, Sam’s open book sliding off his chest as he twists to look towards the nightstand. Cas is sitting on the other side of the bed, shirtless with wet hair, and Dean is mortified to see he’s got a hand wrapped around Cas’ ankle, and the guy’s watching him, looks like he has been for a while.
“Your cabs are here, Mr. Winchester,” the doorman says smoothly.
“Well, yeah, of course they fuckin’ are,” Dean snaps and takes a deep breath. “Sorry. Look. I’m pretty sure you got nothing to worry about with Jo. She’s tough, she’s more than capable of taking care of herself and that’s just…it’s not the culture, alright?”
“Castiel?”
Sam must’ve noticed it right away too, the smug, smart ass bastard, because he interrupts his own sentence to say, “Hey, Dean, Happy Thanksgiving. There’s a spot next to Cas.” He points to the small sliver of space on the couch between Cas and Charlie, looking at Dean expectantly.
“Mmm?” Cas hums.
Dean’s so hard he scrambles to do so without really thinking about it, the pressure of the memory foam mattress making him groan. He’s about to start thrusting when both of Cas’ hands clamp around his hips, one dry and one sticky.
Cas snorts and pushes back, muttering, “Please, Dean. If you want me to show you how easy you are to undress, at least wait until we get back to the house.”
He tells them he loves them all, but Dean feels it in his gut.
“Fine,” Cas sighs. “What do you do for fun, Dean?”
He’s barely naked, his hockey pants shoved down to his knees and the hem of his jersey catching on his erect cock, but jesus Cas is gorgeous. He lips are swollen and wet from Dean kissing him, his hair is mussed from Dean shoving his hand through it. Dean reaches forward and hikes his jersey up, the rough fabric brushing against his erection, and Cas makes a low noise deep in his throat, his hips jerking forward involuntarily.
