Tony will forever be adamant about the fact that he did not squeal when Steve groped him. “That was rude but also kind of hot.”
Steve shook with silent laughter, shaking his head. “Take care, Tony. I’ll think of you.” And with that he leaned forward and pressed a chaste kiss on Tony’s lips. Tony wanted to deepen the kiss so much, but he refrained because Steve had said he wasn’t ready. He watched Steve leave and found himself wishing the soldier would be back soon.
Tony stayed quiet, observing Bruce closely while he checked his heart and such like a normal doctor would. He was swinging his tiny legs back and forth, eyes constantly darting around for any signs that he might be getting an unwanted shot.
Bucky had laid on the ground afterwards, chest heaving as he caught his breath, his eyes narrowed at Steve who’d barely broken a sweat, and kindly informed Steve that he needed to get over himself and stop letting Starks bratty attitude affect him as much as it was. He’d sat up then, punched Steve lightly in the calf and continued to explain all the ways in which Steve’s aggression skyrocketed to unhealthy levels any time he was annoyed and the others couldn’t handle the aggression fueled training sessions much longer.
“This isn’t a game,” Steve barked. “You got Pierce, that’s enough. I’ve already got one injured teammate running about recklessly, I don’t need another.”
Tony snorted and rolled his eyes. “Natasha is scary but she isn’t guilting me into anything and Barton is Barton. He really couldn’t guilt me.”
Tony gave his son a very unimpressed look. “She threatened to take away my duty as best man. We have got to go before she actually kills me.”
Bucky smirked and nudged Steve with his elbow. “That was a very nerdy fact. Be honest, how many times did Tony have to explain that to you?”
Steve never got used to it, not completely at least, being caught in the fray of a fight, bullets flying, the sounds of alarms reaching him through the sound of his own blood rushing in his ears. Steve ducked and weaved to avoid each shot flying his way, kept Bucky in his peripheral whenever possible and kept moving, always kept moving lest he pause for a moment too long.
Bucky nodded, took the seat to Steve’s right and clapped him on the shoulder in greeting. “A lot of the data had already been wiped once we got there though we still were able to find a bit of information on human drug trials, a video or two recording the sessions…they weren’t pretty.” Bucky frowned, his metal hands clenching at his side.
Steve pushed himself from the table, back popping as he straightened up. He rubbed the back of his neck to ease the tension that had built up there, tension that would only get worse until he could finally take a moment to relax at some point in the future. Definitely not tomorrow though, tomorrow he had to take Bucky and Natasha out with him, if for nothing more than a little hard hitting persuasion, something the both of them excelled at.
Tony rolled his eyes playfully and made his way to the onstage piano just as he was being announced. People were clapping. He pasted the patented Stark Charm smile on his face before taking a bow with a flourish and sitting on the bench. He started with his opener and knew right away it would be yet another successful performance.
“Look, Cap,” he squeezed his shoulder. “I get it. I know. But, Steve, he’s not Bucky anymore. He’s not your friend. He’s was programmed and no matter what you do, he’s never going to be the same again.”
“Well I know of a pretty good song by Elton John and Kiki Dee we could sing together if worst comes to worst.”
“Get everyone ready to head out, I’ll be down in five and then we leave.” He looked at Tony briefly. “You. Stay here.”
The wet warmth against him caught Tony by surprise and he rocked nearly off the edge. But just as he reigned himself back in Steve began to suck. Tony’s eyes clenched tighter as he felt it all coming to a close, it was like a rolling wave starting both in his toes and going up his spine. He tried to warn Steve but all he managed was getting a tight fist of Steve’s hair and then he was coming. He gasped out Steve’s name as his cock gave spurt after spurt. At some point he was pretty sure he passed out, and when he came to it was to Steve placing a kiss on his lips. Steve was smiling a little in triumph and Tony knew exactly how to wipe that smile off his face. He let a lazy smirk cross his face before reaching back down for Steve’s cock. He wrapped one hand around it and pumped up giving his wrist a twist, Steve’s smile faltered his mouth instead shaping a nice O. Tony let his other hand grasp Steve’s balls and cupped and rubbed them until Steve let out a choked off groan. Tony added a squeeze with the twist and soon Steve was barely holding back from thrusting into his hand.
“Well, technically I still am. At least as far as Obadiah is concerned.” Tony glanced between his two friends, eyes wide and serious. “I don’t want to put you guys in danger. I thought about calling earlier, when I first escaped but it wasn’t a good idea.”
“I think coffee is the last thing you—“ Steve began, interrupted when his comm alerted him. “Bucky, Thor, and Sam are on their way back from the warehouse. ETA less than five minutes.” He eyed Tony warily.
The rest of the team came running at an almost alarming speed at the noise, and Steve watched as the bots screen turned from the pleasant green it always had been to an angry shade of red that blinked in and out.
“Steve…” Tony trailed off, voice just as soft, hand reaching out to brush along the fabric at Steve’s waist when---
Thor gave the billionaire a beaming smile. “MOST WONDERFUL! I HAVE HEARD MANY GREAT THINGS OF THIS MIDGARDIAN FEAST AND I AM EAGER TO PARTAKE IN THIS RITUAL SACRIFICE.”
Steve couldn’t hear Rhodey’s reply. It wasn’t important. “Stick with him, I’m sure he knows what he’s doing.”
Steve frowned, opened his mouth to explain that that’s not why he brought Tony here but was stopped by voice, just a broken breath really, calling out. “Tony?”
Steve just blinked. “Right. That’s Natasha’s area. We should probably all sit down and go over everything sometime soon.”
He looked at Steve and shook his head. “No. That’s...I can’t. That isn’t me handling problems I got myself into.”
Tony quickly kissed Steve, resting a cold palm against the soldier’s warm face, his voice above a whisper. “It is. It’s perfect. I’ve never enjoyed the holiday season. This time of year. But you forced me to do the stupid Christmas traditions and I found myself enjoying them.”
Steve felt something heavy drop in his stomach at Tony’s words. “We’re not forcing you to go and we’re not forcing you to stay. Once this is all said in done, that’ll be your choice, but you should know that you haven’t hindered our ability to do our jobs in any way. You’ve been useful, Tony.”
Tony sunk into his seat. “Look. I know you went out on a limb for me today by doing this, and,” he scratched at the back of his head, “I know you didn’t have to do it, but you did anyway and that makes all the difference, so….thank you.”
Steve closed the door behind him and reactivated the security settings. “It serves several purposes. Nat and Bucky come here on occasion, just to get away. As do the others in their own time. Tight security, away from everything happening back home but close enough to show up if the call comes in; it’s a safe place.”
“It’s not...I’m the resident science guy slash medical doctor despite reminding them that I don’t actually have a degree in medicine slash therapist that I had to remind them I don’t have the temperament for slash man who makes all the calming tea when the rest of them are a bit wired. They don’t use me in the field, which is why I do it. I keep their secrets and they keep mine. And before you ask me what they are,” he said, holding up a hand when he saw Tony open his mouth to ask, “I can’t share that with you. The less people know about me, the better.”
“He almost backed out of that deal when he ordered your plane to be taken down, but it seems that plan is still in motion.”
Tony glanced around realizing that Steve was talking rather loudly at this point and that lots of people were looking. “Right. Clench up, Cap.”
The soldier wrapped his arms around Tony and breathed heavily. Tony could tell Steve was about to fall asleep.
“Fuck you, Rogers. We’ll play a game of Rock, Paper, Scissors. Best two out of three gets to sit here while the other gets the snow.”
Steve closed his eyes and leaned his head back against the seat, lost in thought as he tried to figure out HYRDA’s angle this time around.
Dinner passed by with a lot less heckling from Tony than Steve expected, but that probably had more to do with the fact that he told Tony he’d be withholding part of his birthday present until a later date. That had caused the brunet to pout a bit and Steve enjoyed that a little too much.
“I was kidnapped, yeah, but I was distanced from everything that was happening here. I wasn’t entirely sure how you guys were handling things.”
“You’re only human. We all make mistakes, we do things we’re not proud of, but we learn from them don’t we?”
Steve took that as his cue to dodge out of the way, firing a magical bolt (Tony had no other word for it) from his hand that knocked Obie back, clear across and to the other side of the workshop.
Peter loved to read. He was only five but he would ask his dad to buy any type of book he was interested in, and what he couldn’t read, Tony would read to him. The ones he could read he often read aloud to his father. Hearing about a new bookstore brightened Peter’s week and begged his dad to take him. Tony couldn’t say no to him for obvious reasons (re: his child’s puppy dog eyes could rival his own).
“Bucky, are you listening to me? I have to be up early tomorrow. This can’t be an all night ordeal.”
The faceplate on Tony’s suit lifted and he peered down at the soldier. “Would you like some help with this?”
“What was the point of doing this in the first place? Do you have any idea what it must be like for Tony right now to--”
Steve smiled and held out his hand to her. “Nice to meet you, Natasha. Can you excuse us for just a moment?”
“Don’t worry about it, Pep. We’ll think of something. Just…” he let out a large breath. “Thanks. I’ll...think of something.”
“Well I would.” The blond snapped his mouth shut and waved a hand at the genius. “You know what? Forget it. I’d hate to take up anymore of your time since you obviously don’t want to spare any for me...us.”
Steve gave him a quick nod, his breathing labored as he spoke. Of all the times they’d had sex, they had never once done it face to face. Perhaps it was too intimate. Neither was sure where he stood with the other and Steve had a feeling this was probably going to change everything because they were literally going to have to face what it was they wanted. No time for anonymity. They were cold, alone and this was the moment they’d have to finally admit to themselves what their true feelings were. The thing that kept them from discussing it to this point had, in fact, been a combination of a fear of rejection or realizing that they were nothing more than a good lay and a warm body to occupy one of their beds at night.
The first HYDRA goon Steve ran into only had a moment’s warning before Steve slammed the butt of his gun into the man’s temple, causing him drop like a sack of flour to the ground. Steve ignored the instinct to wince at the sound of his head slamming into the hard cement floors and kept moving.
Tony sighed, sagging down into his seat, all traces of confidence gone as he looked down and ran his good hand through his already ruined hair. Steve watched him, saw just how shaken up the Stark heir actually was, the tremors in his hands and the bouncing of his leg almost going unnoticed, would have gone unnoticed if Steve didn’t have such a practiced eye. Steve set his face until he knew it was completely blank, he couldn’t afford to take pity on him, not until they were on the same page.
Steve could only spare a confused look before he answered to the call of another worker. He felt ridiculous being the only heavy-lifting Avenger there. They’d get the work finished even faster if Thor or Hulk or Tony...okay well Tony. If Tony showed up. Ever. And this was volunteer work. Steve understood that, but Tony’s suit caused nearly as much damage as the Hulk did and it irked the soldier that Tony didn’t seem to care about the clean-up at all.
“I guess this explains why that never panned out,” Tony mumbled, then louder, “So, you work for the mafia, huh?”
Steve shook his head in disbelief as the bot ran into the leg of the table, paused, and then zoomed around the room and in between Steve’s legs making a long drawn out ‘weeeeeeeeeeee’ as it went.
Tony turned the last corner and made his way quickly to the door he knew Obie had Pepper behind, in his own goddamn office, “Jarvis, honey, go help the good Captain in clearing up that disturbance on sublevel C you reported.”
“You’re forgiven. That was always a given though. We’re all pretty fucked up, but I guess that’s what makes us work yeah?”
“No one is going to be able to find me. I made sure of that.” He inhaled deeply. “So, to make a long story short, I found out that Obadiah Stane, current stand in CEO of Stark Industries, tipped them off toward my involvement with you bunch which led to them taking me and interrogating me, and torturing me—you know, all that fun stuff. Before you ask though-- yeah Cap, I see you with your mouth open—I have no idea what he’s getting out of this or how he’s involved with them in the first place, but, I was able to put two and two together. So this man, my—“ he spit the words out, “mentor, wanted me out of the picture so bad that he figured HYDRA would probably do his dirty work for him. At least that’s the only conclusion I’ve been able to come up with up to this point. There are still a lot of details I have to work out, hence, the reason I need everyone to think I’m dead.” He paused for breath, eyes wild. “You understand? The moment he finds out I’m still alive, the game changes. Right now he has nothing to hide with me safely out of the picture.”
Eventually the tension between all team members died down. Well mostly. Enough to matter. Steve found himself spending most of his free time with Tony and ignoring comments from his less mature teammates (that’s right Clint) about Steve and Tony sitting in a tree, k-i-s-s-i-n-g. He hated that he was so easy to read and it took him longer than it should have (try five months) to realize that Tony’s feelings for him were mutual.
Steve shook his head, amused. “And what would be call you, oh knight in shining armor? Sir Lancelot? Iron Lad?”
Tony appeared to be watching Steve’s face and the blond couldn’t help but blush a little. Yet again. He probably needed to get that checked out. He slung the bag over his shoulder and smiled.
“Yeah. You’re probably right because this wouldn’t have happened in the first place if you hadn’t opened your goddamn mouth and told my dad all my secrets. I never wanted him to know and you fucked it all up.” Curse his fucking asshole mouth. Why couldn’t he just say what he really meant? Why did he always do this?
“Steve, if we’re going to think about pursuing a relationship, I need to know if you’re in it for the long haul. Peter loves you and I don’t know if I can watch you walk away and break his heart.”
Obadiah grabbed Tony’s chin and jerked so Tony’s eyes would be on him this time. “It’s time to focus on this, Tony.” He held the barrel of the gun, resting it right under Tony’s chin. “Just know that when I do this, it’s not personal, it’s just business.”
Tony thumped his head back against the wall and shut his eyes with an annoyed grunt. “I didn’t blow anything. Schmidt wants access to Stark Industries, access he’s not getting from Obie which means they aren’t seeing eye to eye. It’s the good thing about dealing with men too greedy and power hungry, they always look after themselves first. Obie won’t know I’m alive.”
Steve’s eyebrows drew in. “Wait, what? No.” Steve began walking toward the door. “Follow me. And don’t think for a second that we aren’t going to be talking about what you just said the second we get back home. You and Clint both.”
Steve pressed his lips to Tony’s again but didn’t kiss, instead whispering against his mouth. “I’m trying to fuck you actually, but I don’t want to hurt you.”
Steve ignored the flirtation and focused on the more important aspect which was that there was a tiny robot running amok in his home. “Why?”
“Spoken like a true artist, Steve.” Tony let his eyes bounce up to Steve’s for only a moment and he smiled. “I guess I can let this one go. Or wait until you’re not around to protect it and then take it down to my workshop for updates.”
Tony smiled, promptly pulling the soldier into a rough kiss, his fingers carding through blond hair. They both stayed together for awhile until the genius pulled back to take a breath.
Steve clasped Tony’s hand when the billionaire grabbed it as he shut the door. “Peter’s going to be wired when I get home. Natasha never listens to what I say and I don’t argue because she looks like someone who could easily kill a man.”
Steve paused at the doors threshold, back to Tony. “You know how you could be part of my team? By following my damn orders like everyone else does.”
“You’re alive and that’s what’s important. I’m just going to check a few vitals and make sure you have enough morphine. I’ll be out of your hair soon.”
“As long as I have nothing on the schedule then I don’t see why not. I could always ask Natasha to bring you along.”
Steve didn’t speak, didn’t dare breathe too loud, instead waiting with baited breath until Tony was ready to clue him in.
With a sigh he looked down at the piano and smiled as the song he decided to go with came to him suddenly. He started off playing as slow as possible, taking his time on the first few notes. When he felt a presence nearby was when he started playing it in normal time and was certain his face was going to crack with the force of the smile he was trying to hold back. The one thing he knew for certain was to never play all your cards at once. Keep them close to your chest and reveal them gradually over time to maintain a sense of mystery. Part of it was also knowing that the one person you placed all your trust in, loved with all your heart, was completely capable of destroying you with the knowledge they gain from knowing you should that relationship ever go sour. So Tony told himself to hold on tightly to those cards for as long as possible.
“This was me making my intentions perfectly clear. Are they clear enough for you now?” Tony was giving Steve a challenging grin.
Steve laughed and threw his eraser at Bucky’s head. “After this conversation I’m seriously reconsidering my options.”
“Okay!” Peter jumped down from the bed and grabbed Tony’s hand, pulling on it as hard as he could. “Daaaaad,” he whined. “Get up!”
Rhodey and Pepper just nodded and followed Tony as he made his way to the dining room table where they all sat down, each bracketing Tony on both sides, bodies angled toward the genius.
“I know. I’m pretty awesome, aren’t I?” He winked at Steve. “I guess I just want to know why you’re so determined to make sure I believe it. Especially since all I did was cling to you, which by the way, I’m going to have Jarvis erase all evidence of that.”
Thor laughed at the archer. “Do not be silly, brother Barton. It is not custom for us to celebrate a holiday such as this in Asgard.”
Steve and Bucky broke off next, jogging until they reached the warehouse’s entrance. They paused at the threshold. “I’ll take the right you take the left, we’ll meet up in the middle. Keep your guns ready and—“
The thing of it is though, sometimes...sometimes Tony hated having to go to such great lengths to prove himself to others. Steve often told him that he did not have to prove anything, but Tony ignored him on that because Steve was wrong. Tony would never get to stop trying to prove himself to others. He’d screwed up one too many times in life, hurt one too many people, cost one too many people their own lives, and now he was paying the price. Words would not win this battle against himself. Against everyone else. He had accepted that before he’d even taken up the mantle of Iron Man. He’d never once deluded himself into believing that someone would change their minds after their first meeting and decide that he wasn’t such a bad guy after all. Tony Stark himself did not believe it.
At this Fury grinned slightly. “In a manner of speaking, yes. Unfortunately, cognitive recalibration is not going to fix this problem.” He gave Natasha a pointed look. She arched an eyebrow and gave a slight shrug.
“You have your friends and I have mine. It just so happens that mine are better and yours hate your guts. HYDRA, Stane? Really? Did you ever think that would end well for you?”
‘C’mon, Steve. No time for teasing right now,” the genius whispered breathlessly. “I need you in me like five hours ago.”
Because you went to art school was Tony’s first thought. “Some of us are just born with innate abilities to be really awesome.”
Steve frowned. “To an extent yes. He’s told me some. I tend to ignore the things he doesn’t tell me for himself.”
Tony lifted his hands in surrender and took a step back, mimicking zipping his lips. Probably best not to piss off his only other source of heat outside of the fireplace. He wouldn’t have let Rogers win so easily in any other situation.
Tony’s eyebrows shot up at that and a few unsavory yet incredibly sexy thoughts drifted through his mind.
Sharon only laughed at him. “It’s okay, Steve. Breathe. We weren’t as involved in each others lives when you two were dating.”
He reached, stretching his arms as far as he could go, standing on one foot and balancing on his toes at this point. So close. So very fucking close. Curse this abnormally tall tree.
This particular Sunday was the Sunday before Christmas so the book Steve chose to read this time was “How the Grinch Stole Christmas.” There were over twice as many children there for the reading as there were that first time they went. Word of Steve’s Story Time spread pretty fast and he’d had to add another later in the day on Sunday as well just to be able to accommodate more families. Once Peter found out about this he started wanting to go to both. Tony might have been more reluctant to let Peter have his way if it had been anyone other than Steve telling the stories. They had both made points of talking to each other every time a story was finished and families were dispersing. Steve made Tony smile and laugh in ways that Peter had never seen before. Both Aunt Pepper and Aunt Tasha had said on different occasions that Tony had a crush on Steve and that they just needed to go out on a date or something. Tony himself had never once confirmed but Peter thought his dad might enjoy being happy so he thought it was a good idea.
“Ah. I am indeed proud of this most superficial achievement. Now, brother Steve. Tell me where I might be of most help.”
Knowing what he knew now, Tony almost dreading leaving the shower and he couldn’t pinpoint why. It wasn’t as if he couldn’t tell Steve was already having random memories of times he couldn’t give a particular date to. It explained why things looked so familiar yet different. The selfish part of Tony had already started growing clingy, and Tony knew he was clingy because Rhodey never let him forget he was clingy, that part of him wasn’t sure if he’d lose a friend he was just now gaining once he found out the truth.
Tony looked up then, worried, and Steve was crying silently. “I woke up and everyone was just gone, Tony. I missed out on their lives. I just wanted to reassure myself that I could have a normal Christmas and that…”
Steve nodded and stared down at his hands. He rubbed the pad of his thumb between his eyebrows. “Barton and Romanoff are going undercover, scoping out any leads in relation to Stark Industries and Stane’s whereabouts. We’ll need to know as much as we can when it comes time to take him out. Bucky, Sam and Thor are going to be keeping a closer eye on HYDRA and pay a visit to the warehouse Tony was kept in, see if they can scavenge anything of import. In the mean time, we need to get a hold of some supplies for Stark to work with, have him make a list of what he needs and give him a space in your lab. I’ll check in in about a week. That should be more than enough time for Stark to at least have some sort of blueprints ready to show off. I’m going to need you to stay on him to make sure he’s doing what he’s supposed to be doing. I don’t need any chunk of my home blown up in an effort to escape.”
Steve could admit that he hadn’t been expecting that answer. “I’m almost tempted to go with the easy response here, but, I’m inclined to ask you to elaborate instead.”
Tony risked the brisk air to reach out for Steve’s utility belt and jerked it over before opening one of the pockets and pulling out a small bottle of lube.
to die, but if he did, at least it was because he was trying to save the world and it would have been worth it.
Natasha rolled her eyes. “Let’s go, Rogers. We’ll discuss the unresolved sexual tension between you and Tony later on.”
The brunet shot Steve with a smirk before clearing his throat and stretching his fingers, feeling a few of them crack. The tune he started playing was once again familiar within the first three notes. Tony was blushing a little and it made Steve feel a bit better about the fact he was too.
Steve folded his hands in front of him on the table. “So. It’s nice to officially meet you two. Tony’s talked a great deal about you all.” Steve watched a flush heat along the back of Tony’s neck and forced himself to focus elsewhere. “I’d also like to thank you for your discretion regarding today, and I hope we can agree that it would be best if things remained as private as possible from here on out.”
“Yeah yeah.” He let go of Steve and gave him a small shove out of the way to go check up on the other band members.
Tony flopped his hands on the bed and whined a little bit. “I’m tired of laying in this stupid bed with these stupid drugs. Me and Bruce are going to have words about this, just so you know.”
Tony pounced on Steve, arms wrapping around his neck, body pressed against Steve’s as he kissed him roughly. It was downright filthy the way Tony was rocking his hips against Steve’s. Steve gave just as good as he got, he and Tony both knowing that if anyone saw them, they’d probably be escorted from the club. For some reason, that seemed to turn Steve on even more.
“But you did. That’s what you have to focus on. I get it though. You have to remember the past and all that. Just don’t let yourself get stuck there, Steve. Okay?”
Obie laughed cruelly and clutched his wound, his words coming out slower than they had been, weighed, “You did something your father didn’t do. You locked away all of your designs, designs we would need when you were gone.” His eyes fluttered closed. “Just because the company is in your name doesn’t mean you get to make all the decisions, especially when you don’t know what’s best.”
He was getting ahead of himself though. He had to form some sense of a relationship with Steve before he reached that point. Meaning that he needed to become his friend first. He turned his head slowly toward the door with a smile as he began singing.
Tony was a little clingy. He could admit it even if he didn’t like to. The truth was that he had a hard time making friends and he was terrified of losing the ones he had now. His social skills sometimes left something to be desired when he wasn’t putting on a show for the reporters and camera people.
Steve mentally kicked himself. What the fuck kind of well wish was that? He managed a quick, embarrassed wave before racing from the room as fast as he could walk (not run thank you very much) and right into Bucky.
“Tony,” Steve whispered. He was placing small kisses against Tony’s temple and rocking back and forth. “Tony, you didn’t know. Don’t ever tell me again that you’re not good enough. I’m disgusted with what it did to you, but not with you.”
“I bet I could sit in your lap and fuck myself on your cock right now while all these people danced.”
He was ashamed to admit to himself that what Bucky had said to him had impacted him more than he’d ever imagined. Not Bucky though. He wasn’t Bucky. That was the whole point.
“Steve, whatever it was they did to him is going to leave him broken until the day he dies. That’s nothing you can fix.”
“We didn’t do a very good job when we realized it had to be one of us. It’s just that no one ever expected it to be you,” the brunet all but whispered.
“I know, but I figured you wouldn’t feed yourself, and you’ve been hiding for hours now. You made me a dog, the least I can do is make you dinner.”
The older man’s face shifted into a scowl and he stood, grabbing Tony by the throat as he slammed him into the wall. “You were always too arrogant for your own good, boy.”
After he was sure Steve would stay quiet, Tony pulled his hand away and took a deep breath. Steve thought Tony was about to say something but Tony walked toward the piano and took a seat in front of it. The silence was killing Steve. He was also surprised to see that Tony was actually capable of silence, but that wasn’t something to point out now.
Tony narrowed his eyes at Steve. “Schmidt has no further use for Obie and Obie is too much of a megalomaniac to exhaust one bridge to wealth. Their partnership, however long, is on the outs if HYDRA needs my help getting into SI. Or maybe Schmidt is just tired of paying for designs—either way information is not being traded willingly.”
Steve rolled his eyes and Tony turned off the car, climbing out and waving at all the cars honking behind him.
A week later, they finally got to that date because Steve, with his all too perfect timing, had blurted out the question to Tony just as the genius was leaving for a business trip on the other side of the world.
It was almost time for the Howling Commandos to go out onstage and perform again. Instead of mentally preparing himself for the roaring crowd he was lost in his own head. He wanted more than anything to fix whatever had happened, but he was honestly scared. This was new to Steve. He was certain he’d been 100% straight before he met Tony, but being with Tony for even the short of amount of time they had been together had felt so natural he wasn’t sure he could really match that again.
The redhead rolled her eyes but gave him a soft smile. “I’m glad you’re home and okay. Where were you though?” She looked over at Steve again. “Vegas?”
Natasha turned out to be a good ear when Steve was struggling to hold it together on the worst of his days. In the midst of her trying to reinvent herself after spilling all of SHIELD’s, and in turn HYDRA’s, deepest secrets onto the Internet, still found time to email Steve, text Steve, call him even. She wasn’t the only one though. They all reached out to him for different reasons, but did so in order to keep him grounded.
“Open your mind! Think four, five, ten dimensions. Don’t get stuck in that three dimension space that you call your head.”
Bucky snorted. “That’s such bullshit, Steve.” Steve looked affronted but Bucky held up a hand to silence him. “You guys are the biggest idiots I’ve ever met. Look, did you consider that maybe he thinks you don’t want to talk to him?”
He will adamantly deny the fact that he squealed when the next thing he knew involved Steve putting an arm around his waist and lifting him slightly just to give him those extra inches he needed to complete his task. Star on top, he sighed when his feet were back on the ground.
Steve grimaced in pain. Tony walked over to him and wrapped an arm around his shoulders, placing the smaller boys arm over his own to help him walk. Steve attempted to protest, but finally gave in when it became too difficult to stand on his own. “I don’t like bullies. I’d rather it be me than anyone else getting pounded on.”
“For…getting your business together. Getting your life back. Hopefully no one will underestimate you again.”
Steve nodded, obliging despite the tent in his pants. Tony knew Steve was grateful, once again, for how dark it was as Steve trailed close behind him, hoping to divert any possible attention away from his awkward shuffle.
“What you’ve done for Bucky, it’s really been great. He’s a completely different person and you didn’t have to do that and I wanted to say thank you,” he said rather quickly.
Steve startled when Tony spoke again, had forgotten the other man was there. “Command Sergeant Major Nuts-N-Bolts is not a dog, Captain. He’s a living, breathing--well, okay, he’s not exactly living and breathing but he’s slightly sentient and using a leash would be just rude.”
Bruce laughed softly. “I was here first, Tony.” He kicked out a chair for Tony to sit in. “Can’t sleep?”
After much consideration and a little selfish moping, he finally stepped out of the shower and put on some fresh pajamas. When he found Steve, he was busy drawing. Where Steve had found a sketch pad and a pencil Tony wasn’t sure, but Steve probably popped it into existence. That seemed to be his thing.
“Wonderful.” Thor bent over and lifted two beams, carefully turning to avoid knocking anyone over. “I do enjoy a bit of hard work now and again.”
Steve removed the popcorn from Tony and set it down out of reach on the coffee table before gently shaking the brunet until he jerked awake, hands swinging uselessly in no certain direction. Tony blinked a few times, eyes hooded and confused. “Whaaa?”
When Tony found Steve, the genie was in the same position he’d been in the first time he was looking out the windows.
Tony pressed his lips together and looked away for a moment as if unsure of what to say. Steve almost thought he might look a little scared but it was only for a few seconds before it was covered up with a neat little smirk. “I haven’t seen you in weeks you know, since that charity dinner where you turned down my offer to dance. I thought I’d stop in and see how you were, catch a look at your pretty face and maybe convince you to cut a rug with me, you know, for funsies.”
The genius lifted a meat tenderizer and glared at the disgruntled machine. “I don’t care if you’re upset because no one around here knows how to properly work you, but if you don’t give me my coffee soon, so help me god…”
“We’re going to have a talk about how I had to find out from Natasha that you’re dating Steve, Tony. I’m your best friend and you can’t just keep shit like this from me. Now turn the damn camera off and get up here because I haven’t seen you in months and I’d like to hang out with you if that’s all right.”
Steve could not, for the life of him, figure out how to stick the key in the lock so he could get inside his apartment. This apparently required a bit more focus than he was capable of, so he dropped to his knees and found himself face to face with the doorknob.
“But I enjoy it, dad! Doesn’t that matter at all to you? I finally have friends and people to talk to and you’re worried it will interfere with the part of my life where I have no friends at all?”
“Don’t. Please don’t apologize. You’re the one who figured it out. I was wearing a...terribly ridiculous outfit and trying to grant wishes. Seventy years cooped up in a bottle with no memory of how I got there was enough time for me.”
“Kiddo, we need to leave soon. We have to go meet Pepper with Happy because they want to talk about wedding stuff again.”
Steve leaned his forehead down against Tony’s. “I don’t think you’re inept. I think you are brave and reckless and a genius who just so happens to also be an idiot. You’re one of mine, Tony. Of course I have to worry, of course you doing something as stupid as coming out here while still injured is something I’m going to have a problem with. I want to keep you safe. I have to.”
Tony grabbed a chair and pulled it alongside Obie before plopping down. He stared down at the older man who was very obviously not trying to show how much pain he was in. It was testament to Obie’s extreme pride that he acted as though he hadn’t just been shot, as if he himself had chosen to lay on the floor at Tony’s feet. The metallic smell of his blood pouring out, staining his shirt, was enough to make Tony’s stomach turn, but now wasn’t the time to show weakness; it would only give Obie more strength.
Steve grabbed Tony and pulled him down to the ground when a series of shots broke through the glass at the lobbies entry way.  Bullets showered over their heads before letting up. Steve rolled to his feet, pulled Tony up a second later.
“But Tony, this isn’t just about doing what you think others will expect of you! This is also about pursuing your dreams, doing what you want to with your life! Taking risks and making sacrifices for your art because that’s what you’re passionate about.”
Tony chuckled and ran his fingers over the back of Steve’s sweat-slicked neck. “You’re really enjoying this, aren’t you?”
“Ah. No. A deserted island actually but that’s something I’ll tell you when you get here. Steve isn’t...well he’s...ah, special. Don’t mention to anyone else that you’ve heard from me. I probably should have dropped by and visited you instead of calling like this.”
He side-eyed Clint. “Sorry. A little preoccupied with…” he gestured the papers in front of him. “Homework.”
Tony had been watching Steve this entire time too and he was sure that was impacting his feelings as well.
That caused Steve to laugh a little. “No. I’m going to have to watch you die. If we went the rest of our lives without fighting villains and lived in a world where we could be normal people, I’d outlive you. All of you. Except Thor. And possibly Bruce. But I’d lose you, Tony. Do you not see that? I’ve lost Bucky. I’m losing him again. And the thought that I’m going to lose you one day too scares the hell out of me.”
Tony shrugged. “He always does. He’d say I wasted my time making something that isn’t useful. It probably has a lot of flaws too. I tried to fix most, but whatever isn’t good enough I can definitely work on later.”
Tony’s eyes swiveled up to stare at Steve, brows furrowed. “It’s not…” he sighed, stood up and folded his arms across his chest. “Thank you.”
“Well it definitely wasn’t an insult, that’s for sure.” Tony looked up from the cookie again to see Steve giving him another one of those fond smiles. “Thanks, Cap.”
“Update!” Steve barked into his comm. If he couldn’t find Tony, he’d at least check in on the rest of his men. The one’s that listened to him for the most part.
Tony just grinned and sent a smiley face in reply before putting his phone away and entering the backstage area of the performance hall. He had three hours before the performance started. Pepper had already arrived with his suit. He’d insisted on and had been pestering her for weeks to let him add color to his wardrobe and she finally agreed to get him something that would work for him and hopefully Howard as well. The jacket, tie and pants were a dark navy blue, closer to being black. His favorite part was the deep maroon button down shirt he got to wear underneath it. His father, despite his history for never being satisfied, approved of this change. Small miracles.
Bucky protested but allowed Steve to pull him away, and it didn’t stop him from glancing back every few seconds to make sure she was still standing there. Steve rolled his eyes.
Steve found himself being swamped by fans looking for autographs and reporters who felt it was more important to follow up a question about how he was helping to rebuild the city with “and are you single?” It was always times like this Steve wished Tony was there to field those questions because he knew how to talk his way around every subject known to man. Steve had first hand experience with that every time he tried to talk to Tony about why he needed to fill the team in on any changes he made to battle plans.
All eyes were now on Thor. Clint lifted his finger and opened his mouth to correct the god, but he suddenly found himself unable to argue with Thor’s assessment of the holiday. Tony grinned and stood up, obviously running low on energy.
The blond was shivering despite the amount of heat he was putting out and Tony wrapped his arms and the blankets as tightly around the both of them as he could. “Can we agree to never accept a mission in this country in the dead of winter ever again?”
“That’s a long time to be having sex. Which, by the way, is how I intend to spend the rest of this weekend.”
Despite Tony’s greatest fears, Steve actually did return close to three months later. He had been tired and a little weary, but Tony had shown him the suite he’d designed for Steve and introduced him to his state-of-the-art 21st century bed. He even pretended he wasn’t insulted when Steve complained that it felt like a marshmallow.
With a heavy sigh, Tony rolled over onto his back and grabbed his far-too-excited-this-early-in-the-morning son with one arm and pulled him down, tickling his stomach mercilessly while Peter squealed with laughter. The more the child struggled to get free, the more spots Tony found to tickle. Once Peter cried “uncle” Tony finally stopped.
The blond just huffed. “I don’t think it’s going to ruin anything. I just said that I feel the same way.”
Steve sent a shot flying at something that looked important and very much electrical behind Schmidt’s head. The other man didn’t flinch, just smiled wider and laughed. “The virus is everywhere. Do you believe that shooting one server will hinder me?” He started pacing around the room. “Men like Stark. Obadiah. They are just as corrupt as we are, the only difference is they are praised for their death toll while we are shunned for ours, feared for the change we propose. They spin that fear into a guise of protection for the American people when they could harness that fear! Take it and grow! They hold the world in the palm of their hands and do nothing with it.” He sneered, “but not me.”
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose. “We’ll talk about it later. Thanks, Stark. Everyone dismissed.” he added with a sigh and waited as everyone but Tony shuffled out the door.
Steve smiled sadly. They had a lot of fun, a lot of memories. It didn’t stop Steve from getting beat up on a regular basis or Tony being mocked endlessly for being a genius in addition to being a “poor little rich boy.” The difference was that they were able to stand up for each other when they could and at some point they began making new friends. James Rhodes and Pepper Potts, Bucky Barnes and Peggy Carter, and eventually Natasha Romanoff and Clint Barton just showed up at their lunch table one day and sat down, immediately jumping into a conversation like they had all been friends for the longest time. Bruce Banner showed up not long after. Thor Odinson had developed an interest and dragged Bruce as well as his shifty sort of step-brother Loki Laufeyson into their circle.
Steve shook his head, unwilling to push the matter for now. Not when Tony was still obviously reeling after his escape. “Think about it, let me know what you decide. We’ll do everything else you ask for as long as you get us what we want in return.”
“Because it’s a commitment that can interfere with your prior and far more important commitments. Do I need to remind you just how much your hands are insured for? Something as frivolous as playing in a band can end up doing serious damage. What would you even do with your life if you could no longer play the piano and do these performances?”
Steve, as furious as he was, found himself unable to leave the genius’ side all the way back to the house. Tony’s head rested in his lap, his body limp and his breathing so slow that Steve couldn’t help keeping his fingers on Tony’s pulse just to ease his worries. They all drove in relative silence, only a few words exchanged, though even that died down when it became clear that Steve wasn’t in any mood to respond, too busy noting every new nick and cut that adorned the brunet in his lap.
“No thanks, Captain,” Tony responded. “I think I got this. Unless you’re talking about lending a hand in a very different and specific kind of way,” he added with a leer.
“Nah. Life’s too short.” He grinned. “It’d be a crime for me to feel ashamed of what we just did. I want to do it again. Soon. Well maybe not soon. I have to leave in a few minutes. I’m going out of the country for a piano performance.”
When it was time for them to make their way to the stage, Steve looked over at his best friend and gave him a smile along with a salute which Bucky returned. At some point in their lives this had become their method for letting the other know he had his back. Bucky seemed to calm down visibly and smiled. Steve trusted Bucky more than anyone else and he knew Bucky felt the same way. So when it was time for them to walk onstage, Steve gave Bucky a pat on the back as he walked by to pick up his bass guitar. The lights came up, people were screaming and Dum Dum started them off. Steve spotted Natasha not too far from the stage so he spared Bucky a quick glance to see if he’d noticed. He had. He winked at her before he started singing which earned him an eyeroll and the tiniest of smiles. Steve was happy for his friend and happy that Bucky might possibly stop dragging him along on horrendous double dates if their relationship became serious.
What was it like to be on the opposite end of the spectrum? He knew people who struggled to make ends meet and he wondered if that somehow made them stronger or made him weaker in comparison to all of his peers. They had free time, social lives and went to parties, clubs, restaurants, took walks in the park and went to theme parks. Tony had never had much time for that. He couldn’t remember a time in his life when he wasn’t living according to a schedule someone else had set for him.
Tony was not entirely sure when it happened, but somewhere along the way he and Steve grew to like each other and ultimately became friends. Great friends. Thick as thieves. The whole shebang. And it was good. Really good. So good, in fact, that Tony had to go and fuck it all up by falling for the soldier. Not just a little, but head over heels, ridiculously, wanting to sing it from the rooftops, hopelessly in love with Steve Rogers.
There was a semi-collective groan making its way around the room and Steve’s smile faltered a bit. Crap.
He pulled the goggles completely from his head and ran a hand through his hair. “I guess that could have gone worse.” And then he remembered he still had Cap to deal with. He supposed it was by some small miracle that Steve was nowhere to be found after that call.
Steve couldn’t figure out what that expression on her face meant, but it suggested she knew something and was amused by the fact that he was basically clueless. “Okay.”
With a satisfied smirk he dropped the blankets at Steve’s feet. "Mission accomplished. Anything else you feel like ordering me to do, Captain?”
“Rhodey is here, wants to help.” Clint’s voice came through a bit tinier as he spoke to Rhodey. “How did you find me anyway?”
Tony popped the tab on his root beer and took a sip while staring at his fellow scientist. “I guess just not as much as the whole mob life yeah?”
Tony tucked his good hand in the pocket of his borrowed hoodie and shrugged. “Yeah, well. He was bored. Heard there might be a hot blond in the kitchen and wanted to see what all the fuss was about. Don’t worry, he’s as impressed as I am. Was that shirt painted on or do you shop in the junior miss section of the GAP?”
Peter handed Steve a gift that had been tucked under the tree and the blond looked at Tony. “It’s from both of us.”
The past three months with HYDRA had taken their toll both physically and mentally on Tony. He knew as much. He felt exhaustion in his blood and his bones, from his fingertips to his toenails, yet, sleep eluded him. All he could do was stare up at the ceiling of his borrowed room in a home he wasn’t familiar with, surrounded by people who possibly wanted to kill him as much as they wanted weapons from him. He’d escaped captivity, sure, escaped the torture that came along with it but had just managed to find himself on the doorstep of another threat, another goon who wasn’t above doing the same thing to him if he didn’t comply with demands---even if this goon did provide him with a pretty comfortable bed and running water.
“Fear not, Steven. The Man of Iron cares greatly and I believe he would join us if you requested it of him.”
“So this is what it looks like to see the great Tony Stark care about someone other than himself. What would it look like to see Tony Stark lose someone he cares about then?”
“I’m fine!” Bucky gasped. “A few of Pierce’s guards. Got’em down, took Pierce out.” He groaned. “I think my fucking leg is broken though. No, wait. Yeah, definitely broken. Goddamit.”
By the end, his mood had improved a great deal and he remembered why he dedicated so much time to what he did. Yeah he hated that he was 17 and lacked any sort of social life whatsoever, but he put his talents to good use and people loved him. When he made his way back into the wings, Pepper gave him a hug like she always did after another completed concerto. He had to go to his post-show mingling thing and talk to some higher ups because this was all part of getting from point A to point B in terms of deciding where he’d take his next performance and when. He was itching to get to his cell phone though and he could not manage to escape because everyone wanted to congratulate him on another spectacular composition. He’d started to give up hope when he finally spotted an opening and made a mad dash (as fast as one could escape without making it obvious he was, in fact, trying to escape) to get outside. He pulled his phone from his pocket.
In retrospect, Steve probably should have kept a closer eye on Tony after their outing together. Instead of calming the genius like Steve had intended, the trip did nothing but make him more restless than ever. Tony threw himself into working with gusto, up at all hours of the night and day, living on loud music and caffeine alone.
“I didn’t mind. I enjoy being with you no matter how old you are. And your five-year-old self is a lot more mature than your adult self.”
The brunet smiled. “Yeah. That’s...hi, I’m Tony Stark, CEO of Stark Industries,” he held out his hand.
Tony rolled his eyes toward the ceiling and sighed. “At least Nuts-N-Bolts was able to warn you. He’s gonna need a promotion for that one.”
Tony was just as scared and unsure of himself because his feelings for Steve were just as strong. Yeah it was scary and it might not work out in the end, but then again it could be the only thing either of them wanted for the rest of their lives so it couldn’t be that bad to give it a try.
Sam spoke from Steve’s left. “The rooms were a mess. The explosion looks to have taken out a few of the other prisoners cells. We found charred remains that they hadn’t bothered to clean up.”
The team waited in silence and Fury opened the door for Maria Hill to enter. She was holding the hand of a child. A small child with shaggy brown hair and a look of utter boredom. He couldn’t have been more than five.
“Tony,” he says, breath coming out in harsh pants. He already looks completely wrecked. “Don’t stop,” he begs.
That caused Tony to laugh. Peter was brutally honest about things, just like he was. He was about to tell them that they really needed to leave when a man came out and took a seat in the ridiculous looking reading chair. A few children were taking seats on the tiny chairs for kids while parents stood back to watch. Peter made his way over there too.
“But I didn’t. I’m here and we’re going to wake up on Christmas morning and open presents and do all the silly things that families are supposed to do and then if you’re okay with it and I’ve stopped shivering by then I’m going to take you to bed and give you a very special, private Christmas present of your own.”
Another bullet. Another grunt. Tony tried to breathe. And then Obie was looming over Tony, crouching down next to him and sliding the barrel of the gun over Tony’s face. “You should work on breathing, Tony. This is going to get you killed before I get a chance to do it myself.”
Tony opened the folder and began reading. From what Steve could see they contained older looking documents, communications records, transactions and purchase orders. Tony swallowed roughly a few times, squeezed his eyes shut momentarily before forcing them back open to continue reading.
“Thanks. Now I’m going to ruin this touching moment by telling you that you might want to get some earplugs to wear to sleep tonight. If you know what I’m saying.”
"I hate my life right now," the genius mumbled. Which was a lie. He had Steve in his bed every night and this was the happiest he'd been in a long time.
“I feel like you’re taking your sass to new levels now that we’re actually on a date. You weren’t this sassy before.”
Tony and Steve both glance at Natasha before realizing the rest of the table seemed to be in on some secret discussion they’d missed out on. She gave Steve a pointed look before standing. “I’ve gotta run. I’ll see you guys tomorrow.” As she walked by, she smacked Tony on the backside of his head.
Steve got used to sleeping in that chair, hunched uncomfortably over with his head resting lightly on the edge of Tony’s bed. While he waited, Steve would fill his time with sketching, reading, or doing what little work he could accomplish from the room, though mostly he just watched Tony.
Happy held the door open for Tony to climb in and then gave Pepper a kiss on the cheek before she climbed in the back with Tony.
Tony shrugged. “It’s time for something new, something bigger and better. Stark Resilient has been in my head for awhile now, and any employees loyal to the Stark brand are welcome to follow. I’m going to change the world Obie, and I’m going to do it my way.”
“I—“ Tony swallowed hard again, shook his head as if to clear it. He folded the drive in his fist and  focused his eyes on some point over Natasha’s head. “What’s on the drive?”
“Because you were duped, just like everyone else! And I’m not saying that out of anger or any sort of hurt pride on my part, but you were led to believe that was me over and over. That thing knew everything about me when he took my form.”
Tony grinned wide. “He deserves it.” He looked between his friends again. “You know. I would be upset that you two trusted a mysterious letter with only a hint of finding me with no proper backup if I had any room to speak, but things being as they are, how about we call it a draw?”
Peggy took him back to Erskine then, where Steve only just restrained himself from attacking the other man. Instead he’d listened as Erskine explained his business, explained how he was the sort of leader of a very prominent mob rooted in the underbelly of Brooklyn. He’d talked and talked about what they stood for, why they were there in the first place, where they wanted to be in the future and at the end of it, Steve slumped back against his seat, his injuries long tended to but still throbbing under the bandages, Erskine offered Steve a place amongst his ranks.
Tony shook his head. “No. It’s still not. This was all Steve’s idea, bringing you guys here. Which…” Tony looked at Steve, a little bit confused, but mostly happy. “Not that I’m complaining, but how exactly did you guys get here anyway?”
Steve whispered curses against Tony’s lips before throwing his head back. Tony smiled and lined his own cock up with Steve’s, a sensation that had the both of them shuddering. Tony grabbed one of Steve’s hands and had the soldier wrap it around both of their cocks, helping him by starting with small strokes. Steve finally got the rhythm and Tony pulled his hand away, moving his hips slowly while Steve jerked the both of them off, loving the way the blond moaned when their dicks slid back and forth against each other.
“Tony Tony Tony,” Obie started, throwing an arm around the brunet’s shoulder and pulling him to the couch. “You should have called anyway.”
And, yeah, okay. Steve understood where he was coming from there. His attitude had maybe been a little rough around the edges this week, but, that had less to do with Stark than it had to do with his men screwing up a simple shipment. The third one this year, which was really three too many.
“So I would ask if you’re enjoying yourself, but I think your face is expressive enough to give me my answer.”
Tony crossed his arms over his chest. “Maybe. I’m a busy man full of ideas and a company to run...everyone probably thinks I’m dead actually.” He scowled.
“And I have a lot of targets painted on my back. It would have been helpful to know where some of those targets might have been coming from. I might have been able to plan differently.”
“Then what, Tony? You have ties to two different mobs right now. Had you known beforehand, what would you have done differently? Your lie would have certainly been less feasible than the truth, which was that you had no idea what was going on at all. You got hurt, and I am sorry for that, I’d give anything for that not to have happened in the first place, but I still believe that you not knowing anything was for the best.”
“Most of them are still unfinished. So there are a lot of lines in there that don’t belong, so they probably look pretty odd right now, but they’ll look better when I’m finished.”
A spike of anxiety had him shooting up until he was sat ramrod straight in bed. He needed a distraction, that was it. He was good at finding those. Well, he was good at finding them when he was in his own home. He wasn’t sure what this place had to offer, nor was he sure if the good Captain would allow him to take a personal tour of the place. Considering that he had agreed to help them as far as weapons and armor went, though, he felt that maybe he could get away with wandering around just the littlest bit.
Steve felt his shoulders slump a little. “That’s not going away anytime soon, is it?” he muttered in defeat before walking out.
Steve stood up, looked at Bruce. “Get him cleaned up,” and then he looked back at Tony. “You’re negotiating with killers, Tony. We like to keep our business efficient, and that includes popping a guy who will become trouble in the future. You need to figure out what your hang up is here and how far you’re willing to go to get what you want.” Steve turned then and walked away, stopping just at the threshold of the entranceway to the hall, turning his head until his eyes locked with Tony’s. “Some of us have no choice but to get our hands dirty. You’ll do well to remember that if we’re going to work together, Stark.”
“Idiot,” Bucky said with a sigh, but Steve thought it sounded almost fond. Despite the pain, his friend seemed a bit more lighthearted now that his pain was being addressed and possibly fixed. Steve figured he might count that as a point in his Reasons To Trust Tony Stark book. Just maybe.
Steve had never intended for this to be his life. It had all happened mostly by accident, as much as you can call being in the wrong place at the wrong time-- or perhaps that wasn’t quite right, being in the wrong place at the right time was a more astute observation-- an accident.
The bartender handed the drinks over to Steve and Tony chose that moment to power on the toy. He watched with wonder as Steve’s spine stiffened and he had to make an effort not to crush the glass in his hands. Tony admired the way Steve’s ass clenched, the way his back muscles were showing through the sinfully tight shirt he was wearing. Despite the initial hiccup, Steve managed to make his way back to Tony without revealing anything had changed.
Peter wove in and out of aisles and all throughout the store and Tony had trouble keeping up with him. It was the sounds of “DAD LOOK AT THIS” that helped him locate his son again and again. Tony himself had made his way to the science section, checking out various books just for funsies when Peter came running towards him, plowing into Tony’s legs and panting.
With a hum, he turned his head and started watching the club goers dancing on the floor. His eventual goal was to have Steve out there, dancing with him while the vibrator in Steve’s ass was on its highest setting. Until then he would just bring Steve close to the edge as many times as he could before Steve would become a panting, needy mess.
“Yeah all I’m hearing is this applies to me and only me and I carry the weight of the world and all responsibilities on my shoulders.”
Steve pulled Tony to his lap and kissed him roughly again just to get him to shut up. Tony knew Steve wasn’t opposed to dirty talk. Rather, he was more concerned that the dirty talk alone was going to cause him to come, and as much as Tony knew he wanted to, he also knew that Steve got off on Tony teasing him for hours at a time.
Finally Steve got the match lit and dropped it into the fireplace, looking somewhat hopeful that he wouldn’t have to light another one anytime soon. Eventually the sound of fire crackling against wood took over and they both moved closer, reaching out their hands to warm up. Tony rubbed his hands together harshly and then wiggled his fingers to get the blood circulating again.
“This is exactly what I’m talking about! I can’t even have a serious conversation with you! I don’t mean to say that you don’t care, but you’re so flippant and you just put everything else in your life ahead of...that!”
Steve followed after him, not a word uttered between them until Steve was buckled in and preparing to back out of the driveway.
“Just so you know, you never disappoint me. You don’t mess up any more than I do. You are just as important to us as we are to you.” He walked slowly toward the bed, removing his shirt before he climbed next to Tony and pulled the tablet from his hands before throwing an arm over Tony’s stomach. “I’m not leaving you. If you think I am, you’re obviously underestimating my ability to be extremely stubborn.”
He listened closely as he heard the muted sounds of the final band getting their performance started and he hummed to himself as he stared at the keys. What did he want to play this time? He’d gotten Steve’s attention the first time because he had been playing Sinatra and decided to stick with the 40s theme of musical artists. He had a secret fondness for all of them and he didn’t necessarily hide it, but it was something he didn’t have to share with the world. Call him crazy, but it felt like the last sense of privacy he could have and perhaps that was why he had been angry with Steve initially for watching him. People had quirks and Tony wanted this to be just his. Now he found himself wanting it to maybe be theirs. If Steve came back. Would Steve think to come back there?
The blond had his hands already reaching for his phone to send out an alert when he heard the bedroom door open followed by a whirring noise that he’d recognize almost anywhere.
Tony grinned, pulling his sunglasses down slightly to peer at his friend. “You know me. I like to make an entrance, Rhodey.” He plopped down in the small space that was left next to Steve, making himself comfortable. “Besides, I had a thing and was on the phone with some ingrate who shouldn’t even be working for MIT.”
Tony smirked. "Oh yes. You can see that I'm already troubled by your idle threats. Your parents will be more than thrilled when my dad's lawyers come knocking on your door."
“Well it’s not like there was anyone else to explain every single reference in the movie to me, and you do have the innate ability to talk my ear off.”
Two months later Tony was trying very hard to make sure he wasn’t pressuring Steve into anything. Steve had started removing Tony’s shirt before the genius could register what was happening. He was being manhandled and he had to stop Steve. He actually stopped Steve while Steve was peeling his clothes off of him, just to make sure Steve was ready for this.
So that was Tuesday. At least their new comm units had worked well, not that there was any doubt since Tony had made them himself.
Tony did another circuit around Steve. “Would you go back now? Say everything was taken care of here for good, that everything was in working order and it was possible to live some normal apple pie lifestyle, would you go to her?”
“Well being still isn’t really going to help get the blood circulating again. Being still this long is really hard for me. Do something.”
Tony stood up too. “Okay. I can handle letting you borrow it. I mean if you’re coming back eventually I can part with it for a little while.”
Tony may or may not have added an extra bounce to his step and he most definitely did not walk into a wall because he was too preoccupied with looking down at his cell phone. Anyone that says otherwise is a damn dirty liar.
The blond gave a shrug. “It’s possible, but don’t hold your breath. I’d hate for you to have a brush with disappointment. Besides, maybe I’d want to play one day too.”
“Then don’t let them get to you. I’m a big boy. I’m not some fragile doll or whatever. I can take care of myself and it’s not their business to say anything otherwise. Especially if they’re implying that I’m so easy to hurt.”
The bot hit Steve’s desk for what was probably the tenth time today, jostling all of Steve’s things. He frowned down at where the bot was hiding under his desk. “A leash would probably do the trick,” he muttered to himself.
“Happy birthday, Tony Stark,” Steve whispered into the brunet’s ear, smiling. Tony smiled back, mumbling a thank you before falling asleep in Steve’s arms.
“No. I keep acting like I don’t know what anyone is referring to because I can’t get a read on you, but just…” he took a few steps back, his hands lifted. “Figure it out. Give me something to go on. But figure it out first.”
It was a time consuming process, assessing the weapons and noting pertinent information in a battered old school ledger that led to him being the butt of several ‘old man’ jokes by his colleagues, at least those close enough to ever see the ledger in the first place, but Steve was of the opinion that it was safer than using a computer to keep his records, especially when it concerned their under the table matters.
Tony paused and looked down at the floor. And there it was. For all his genius, his passion, his smiles and his arrogant demeanor, Tony was hiding his fears and insecurities.
Steve tore into the pack. “That’s an understatement.” He shoved a cracker into his mouth and handed them back to Tony. “We should probably ration these at least.”
Tony groaned as loud as possible. “Fine. We’ll just talk about it later. Whatever.” And with that, he turned and stormed off, leaving a guilty looking Steve to follow after him. Tony stomped up the stairs the entire way, too mad to talk at all. He was stupid. So stupid. One of the first things he should have told Steve was that his dad must not, under any circumstances whatsoever, know about Tony’s involvement in anything outside of his piano career. He hadn’t made that particularly clear when he had been talking to Steve about his life. He knew it was stupid but he was also partly angry with Steve for it even though Steve had no idea he needed to keep his mouth shut.
The look on Steve’s face was amused exasperation, but something clicked just as Tony was climbing into the car.
“You should get some rest, Tony. We can’t have you falling asleep during dinner tomorrow.” Bruce leveled Tony with a look that clearly said the genius would not be getting out of attending the meal by any means.
“Or else,” Pepper added on, voice steely, and Steve didn’t doubt for a minute that they meant every word.
Tony gave him a sympathetic look. This was something he sort of understood. He lost a lot of weight when he was in captivity because they didn’t find it necessary to feed him and Yinsen regularly. And considering Steve’s metabolism, he wondered how the soldier would be feeling by the time they finally did get out of this mess.
“Hello, kids! My name is Mister Steve. If you have any questions, just raise your hands but try not to talk over each other. Now, let’s make sure we have our listening ears on,” he said, grabbing his ears and pretending to turn them on. What a dork.
“What about, Spangles? The last time you told me we needed to talk was that time I crashed into a parking garage and nothing ever came of that.”
When he found Steve, the blond was standing in front of a family portrait, hands shoved into his pockets and looking every bit as intimidated as Tony feared he would once he saw the family home for the first time.
Steve had been in surgery for awhile. The super soldier serum he’d been infused with was working as fast as it should have been but it was healing the wounds over the bullets that the doctors were trying to remove quickly. He hadn’t been allowed to go into the room with Steve for a long time so he paced. Pepper reminded him that he probably should have stayed in his own hospital room a little while longer all things considered.
Tony nodded and took a cracker. “Yeah yeah.” He put them away and stood with the canteen, puzzling over how to actually get the snow without falling under an avalanche. He looked at Steve and raised his eyebrows, but pulled the door open and piled some snow into the canteen as quickly as he could and then shut the door.
“So says the man who doesn’t have to pay rent to live in a place like this,” Tony responded with a smile, mostly to show that he wasn’t holding it against any of them.
Tony smiled. “Good.” He crushed his lips against Steve’s and wrapped his arms even tighter around the man’s neck.
Tony sighed. “I don’t know. When I was in college, I wanted to create robots. I wanted to advance the technology of our time by leaps and bounds. I wanted to make dad proud but I didn’t want to become him.”
“Oh. I was just--” he pointed at Steve’s hands. “The dog. I was going to take it. What are you doing with it?”
This was it. It was over. He’d fucked it up. He’d made Steve angry. He’d hurt Steve and he knew the things he said would hurt Steve but he didn’t make himself stop. How was he ever supposed to earn Steve’s forgiveness?
“Pepper looks pretty damn amazing for someone who has had to put up with Tony Stark for over a decade, that’s for damn sure.” Clint chuckled as he stabbed his shovel into the debris around him.
He walked back onto the elevator and the doors shut, taking him on the first leg of his journey to find his best friend once again.
“That good huh? I’ve never done that to another man before.” He was now feeling a bit shy himself and wondered if he’d be leaving with a raging boner, but that thought is quickly forgotten when Tony feels Steve working open the fly of his pant. The pressure of calloused fingers wrapping around Tony’s dick and his hips buck upwards, a loud groan escaping his lips.
They eventually became distracted with food and Clint’s stories about joining the circus. They were 87% sure he was lying about going off to do that after graduation, but it was hard to tell with him. He had also tried to convince everyone earlier in the year that he was an assassin with a secret government agency and that his weapon of choice was a bow and arrow. He was most likely going to end up in a Hollywood movie with the way he managed to make up such entertaining stories. Well an 87% chance they were made up.
“My dad talks about you all the time. He thinks you’re the best. And he always goes on these trips to try and find you.”
Steve was silent for a long time, and when he did speak again it was quietly. “I thought I’d lost you, Tony. It was like losing everyone in my life all over again.”
“I’m stubborn and get myself into trouble all the time because I can’t keep my mouth shut about some things.”
Steve let a smile tug the corner of his lips up as he glanced down at his watch. He frowned when he caught sight of the time and shot a regretful look across the table. “We need to go, our time out is limited.” Steve dug in his pocket and pulled out two cards, one for Rhodey and one for Pepper. “Just…” he trailed off, unsure what to say, “be watchful. Tony will be in touch from now on.”
“Well you’re still a huge smart ass so you can’t be that nervous. I’m sure she’ll be swooning in no time at all, Bucky.”
He lifted his eyes just once to see his best friend and Natasha deep in conversation. Good. Maybe they’d found something else to talk about. He had a lot to think about, and all of his thoughts seemed to swirl around one particular person. He knew very little about Tony. They’d only met on two different occasions, and they were both rather limited in the information they had shared with each other. Tony had made it seem like music was all there was to know about him. He didn’t really mention his family or give any hints as to what his life outside of The Avengers was even like. To be fair, Steve hadn’t told Tony much more, but Tony seemed like he didn’t want to talk about himself much. Considering Tony’s lack of modesty that he only assumed came attached to a large ego, he would have expected a little more.
The driver grunted and pulled away from the curb. Steve had his hands on his knees, one leg bouncing nervously. The cabbie might have been cranky, but he definitely took Steve’s “as fast as you can” to heart because he was pushing his way in and out of traffic and his hand was practically glued to the horn. If Steve were to tell someone he wasn’t scared he’d be lying. This guy was intense. On the plus side, he did make it to the performance hall with five minutes to spare before the show even started.
JARVIS’s voice was as calm as could be, “Evacuation is complete, I have instructed rescue crews to retreat. Starting upload to mansion servers.”
Steve scowled at himself when he realized that he was just the slightest bit put out that Tony wasn’t flirting with him this time around. Definitely something he’d have to work out later, when he was preferably alone, and in the mean time he’d have to focus instead on the T-Rex chasing those kids and not on trying to guess what it was that was going on in the genius’ head.
Tony’s grin faltered. “Who said I’ll still be around when this is all said and done?” Tony muttered. “I’m not exactly a part of this whole—mob family you’ve got going on. I don’t play a part here.”
The genius gave Steve a quick peck. “You’re not.” Another peck. “I’m ready.” And another. “Don’t argue.” And one more. “Just do me already.”
Steve nodded and had Thor follow him toward the rubble of a fallen building. “We’re clearing this out. There are cranes but they’re sort of everywhere else, so that’s where we come in.”
“Stark Industries still continues their search efforts for CEO Tony Stark after the billionaire went missing in Afghanistan. Stand-in CEO, Obadiah Stane, is pushing to move the company forward and call off the search for Mr Stark while the Air Force is adamant that they keep searching. The genius disappeared almost three months ago.”
Any and all conversation was cut off when The Avengers started playing. Steve had never been so relieved in his life. He was soaking up all the awkward in the room and probably making every other person look and sound amazing by comparison. At least now he wouldn’t have to try and think of things to say because he would, without a doubt, embarrass himself and somehow Bucky too. He majored in awkward.
Zola had said they wanted access to Stark Industries, and Steve believed that much at least, but the rest—it didn’t add up. Beating Tony unconscious surely wasn’t the best way to get information. And Zola—he spoke as if he wasn’t surprised by Steve’s presence in the slightest, like he expected him, yet security hadn’t appeared to be doubled at all.
Tony opened his mouth to say that he wasn’t the one that was getting married but was cut off when his phone began ringing. That would be Pepper.
Tony watched his lover from a table several feet away. The way Steve lounged against the bar, his ass looked like it was waiting to be bitten and the muscles on his arms stood out like a beacon to anyone at the club trolling for fresh meat. He was easily the most beautiful person Tony had ever had the fortune of laying eyes on. He also had a thing for how adventurous Steve was, and well, the soldier was not disappointing him tonight in the least. He thumbed the small remote in his blazer pocket, not turning it on yet, but reminding himself it was still there.
Tony lunged for Steve’s mouth, kissing him hungrily as Steve blindly made his way toward the bedroom, his hands holding on firmly to Tony’s ass. Tony took that opportunity to grind into Steve while the taller man struggled to make it to the bed. He gently broke the kiss and deposited Tony onto the bed as he removed his own shirt. Tony was immediately back up, his hands tugging down Steve’s pants, shoving them to the ground while he latched on to one of Steve’s nipples, his tongue sliding over the bud before he gently nipped and sucked. Tongue laving over it again to soothe and pain.
Steve let his mouth drop open in exasperation. “This? This is what you’re upset about? You think we want you for only the thing you can make with your two hands?” Steve wanted to shake Tony by the shoulders until he could knock whatever it was that made the other man think so poorly of himself and everyone around him out of his head. “Maybe you were here for what you could do for us in the beginning but so was everyone else. Natasha, Clint, Sam, Thor—the only reason they were brought in was for the talents they possessed. You think that’s why they’re still walking around here today? You think they’d stay if that were the case? We care about you, Tony.”
“My friends—my family. They make me okay with it.” And it was the truth. Without them Steve would have been frozen in time and alone a long time ago.
“What am I supposed to say to him? Do you have any ideas then? Because I don’t think saying please forgive me for sleeping with the guy who was pretending to be you is a great way to start a conversation.”
She shrugged lightly. “I think you’ll succeed, but if you don’t then I guess he’ll just be pissed off for the rest of his life.”
Actions were all well and good and made a statement, but that moment proved just how much three little words can really change your life.
“Am I supposed to be falling asleep right now? If so, the plan is not working. Feel free to do what you can at this moment to thoroughly wear me out for good.”
Now all he had to do was defeat the villain, Obie, and save the girl, Pepper, who would turn around and save Tony when Steve tried to kill him for running off.
Steve scrambled toward the servers while patting his vest for the handheld EMP it carried. If he couldn’t clean the virus out he could at least shut the system down until someone else had the chance to do it. Steve yanked at the paneling, trying to find the right spot so send out the pulse when he felt a firm grip on his back, yanking him down to the ground and away from his work.
Once the excitement and thanks died down a little, Steve looked up to watch Tony casually walking toward him...well as casual as one can look walking in a suit of metal. “What next?”
Clint mimicked zipping his lips but the smirk stayed. Unfortunately Bruce, Natasha and Thor looked like they were just as eager as Clint was.
When they were finished, Tony turned Nuts-N-Bolts back on with a flourish of his hands over his keyboard and they both watched as the bot whirred back to life, chirping insistently at them both. Steve tapped his foot against the floor before grinning. “We should use him to wake up Barton. He always did hate that horse head scene from the Godfather--we should do a little re enactment.”
The other’s shuffled out of the room as if their asses were on fire, leaving just an irate Steve with an upset moody genius to handle. “What the hell crawled up your ass, Tony. Everything is fine and then—“
Steve moved to give the three space, rooting himself by the window, close enough to hear but not to intrude upon their moment.
“Oh look! Crackers!” He pulled out the pack and tossed them to Steve. “This is going to be a meal befitting a king who is trapped in a most unpleasant place.”
Tony did, eyes burning with rage beyond that of which Steve had thought the younger man capable of. “Do it.”
When Tony opened his eyes he noticed two things. It was extremely bright in his room and he was uncomfortably warm. He licked his lips and frowned at how dry his mouth was so he shut his eyes and groaned hoarsely.
Bruce was the first to speak, hand halfheartedly trying to cover up the large amount of formulas and tech design that had ended up all over the table, some of it in what Tony only realized halfway through was permanent marker. “Hey, Steve”, Bruce said. “Something up?”
Sam clipped the protective body armor Tony had made them all into place. “The robot. We found coordinates on his screen. Thor says they’re the warehouse’s coordinates. Either Tony went back there on his own or he was taken again. Either way, he’s in danger.”
Peter grabbed his father’s hand with a disappointed look on his face. “Bye, Mister Steve,” he said dully.
“What?” He found himself hugging Tony tighter, glad the kid wasn’t able to see his face right now. “Tony, I like you the way you are. If you were like me, then you wouldn’t be you. You’re wonderful.” Steve hated this. He hated it because he knew that Tony did grow up to be the very things he was scared of, never believing he was an actual hero. Nothing he said right now would change the future because this was Tony de-aged without memories, not any sort of time travel. “You have no idea how wonderful you are, Tony, but you are. I will always think you’re amazing, and I want you to remember that.”
Steve didn’t hear from Tony for four days. Maybe Tony had given up. He couldn’t possibly have hurt the man’s feelings. Right?
Fifteen minutes later, on the dot, Steve walked in. Tony took a deep breath and then smiled, and this time it was a real smile. A nervous smile, but real nonetheless and that had to count for something.
“Could you get any sappier, Cap?” That was supposed to be a joke, but the words got stuck in Tony’s throat and he looked away.
He had gone from genie clothing to a blue and white plaid shirt and a pair of chinos that no one his age in this world even wore anymore.
Steve licked at the blood on his lip and thrust his head up until it cracked against Schmidt’s, the other man startled just enough the Steve got the advantage back, rolling out of reach and jumping to his feet. He spun to face the other man who was on his feet as well, devilish smirk adorning his face even as he bled.
Tony clenched his jaw and sucked in his cheeks. “In a tiny room with only a bed, a bucket and no running water if you don’t count the constant drip from the ceiling, which, I don’t. More specifically, a warehouse out in the middle of who the fuck knows. I assume it’s only used when HYDRA needs to deal with their trash."
Neither of them was wasting much time on foreplay. Steve’s hand cupped Tony’s erection, massaging with the bottom of his palm and turning Tony into a panting mess. The brunet broke the kiss long enough just to speak one word.
“I’m not mad you, Tony. I’m not. I never will be. This isn’t your fault and I will spend as long as necessary to prove to you that I love you, that I won’t leave you over this. Just talk to me.”
“Not everything needs to be constantly improved upon. Sometimes the flaws are what makes something perfect.”
“Oh.” He wasn’t exactly prepared for that admission. Tony was never anyone’s favorite. “You’re not so bad yourself, Cap.” He picked up the cookie he’d made and held it in front of Steve’s mouth. “Eat up. Before the frosting gets nasty.”
“Oh that? Yeah they threaten me on a daily basis. It’s nothing new, but you should see how much they want to be my friend when it’s time for a big science project.” He smiled, showing his teeth, and shrugged. “I guess it helps when your father has the best lawyers ever, but I don’t really like to fall back on that much. Everyone already knows it anyway.”
“Steve, I swear to god and all these angry drivers behind me right now that if you do not get into this stupid car I will get out and scream at you until you talk to me.”
The blond gave him a smile, pressing a kiss to his forehead this time. “We’ll see. Get some sleep. It sounds like you’re struggling to say anything. I’ll still be here when you wake up.”
Natasha, the ninja of all things sneaky, had at some point, grabbed hold of Steve’s iPod and was flipping through his music. “So you listen to this guy a lot?”
Not missed enough to go back, no. The thought alone shot a chill down his spine and set off a voice in his head that told him if he fell asleep he’d wake back up in that stupid warehouse surrounded by henchmen with more brawn than brain.
He needed to put Afghanistan out of his mind for now. He wasn’t ready to share that full story yet. What he’d told Pepper was vague and didn’t cover even a portion of the things he’d witnessed first hand. He hadn’t been gone very long. It was only a two week business trip, but it had taken an unexpected turn and it felt like a lifetime ago.
Rhodey nodded, expression fond. “If anyone gets to kill you, it’s going to be one of us. We’ve earned it.”
The genius smiled. “I can sense the beginning of a beautiful friendship,” he said somewhat jokingly.
Steve turned his attention away from the road, trusting Clint to do whatever it took to get there, and instead began laying out a game plan for when they arrived.
Steve made a noise of protest and moved his head away, using a finger to tilt Tony’s head up. “That’s not why.” He cleared his throat. “Okay that’s not the only reason why.”
Pepper reached out and covered Tony’s hand with hers, squeezing tight. Rhodey looked murderous, hands balled up just under the table.
“Someone at Stark Industries is selling my weapons to terrorist organizations. I saw enough while I was in Afghanistan, but I wasn’t able to do anything about it at that moment. Before the plane left I did some investigating slash hacking and…” he frowned. “My weapons have been killing more innocent people than anything. They’re using them against villages where these people have no choice but to give in or die. They’re being forced to leave their homes on foot. Leave everything behind. These terrorists...they’re tearing families apart. They’re killing the ones that dare to rebel. They have executed entire families just to get any sort of information they want. They’re using Stark weapons. They’re using my weapons to scare these villagers into cooperation.” His voice becomes quieter. “You know what these weapons are capable of.”
Tony sniffled. “Only if you promise we can go inside right now. I don’t think I can feel my toes anymore.”
Steve just frowned and stayed close to the door, looking like he was ready to bolt at any given moment.
Steve smiled at Tony and rested his head on the back of the couch next to the genius. “Not so bad for an old guy huh?” he said between panted breaths.
Tony grinned and reached out to take Steve’s hand. “It’s not like a circuit board or anything, but I hope you’ll think it’s neat anyway.”
The fighting felt endless, drawn out until Steve felt almost numb to any pain, until he was bruised and bloody and his breath came in gasps. It was almost a physical relief when Skull’s next hit threw him close enough to his gun that he was able to grab it and fire, two shots, one in the leg and the other one landing somewhere between his shoulder and his chest.
Howard, since Tony had first begun playing the piano as a small child, would force Tony to sit down for two hours straight in the morning and at night just to practice. Tony had already achieved more in his life at only 17 than Howard had during his entire career as a pianist, and Howard was the best in the business. Tony just happened to be better. He knew it. Howard knew it too. He had, after all, created Tony. He’d called Tony his masterpiece and Tony wasn’t sure if that had been a hidden declaration of love for his only child or if he was telling Tony he better not ever let him down because he’s carrying on the greatness of the Stark name. So if Howard found out about Tony’s inclusion in The Avengers, Howard would probably end up going completely nuts.
“Yeah.” Tony sighed and ran his fingers through his hair. “The concerts, the performances, playing the piano...this is my career and it’s my priority.”
Tony took a deep breath and let it out slowly, allowing himself to calm down before speaking. “It’s fine, Steve. It’s always something with him anyway.”
Tony laughed, a crazy thing, and took the stairs three at a time, “You rock, JARVIS!” He pushed open the stairwell exit, leading back into the lobby. “Come ON, Steve. Move it!”
Tony grunted when his body hit the wall, free hand shooting up to grip at the arm Steve had pressing lightly to his throat. “Well hello to you too, Captain.”
“I AM TO UNDERSTAND WE ARE SUPPOSED TO SPEAK OF THAT WHICH WE ARE MOST THANKFUL FOR, ANTHONY. I AM THANKFUL FOR MY BROTHER DESPITE EVERYTHING AND I MISS HIM. I AM THANKFUL FOR SUCH ADMIRABLE AND HONORABLE FRIENDS HERE ON MIDGARD.”
Steve only rolled his eyes and Clint made a gagging noise that only caused Tony to smirk. “I’ll be thankful when you guys stop with the cutesy, mushy shit because the thought of Stark getting down and dirty with Cap only makes me--ow.”
“Why not? It doesn’t seem like any other time is convenient and you have been running away from me.”
Now that his head was much clearer, though, he was able to notice things that he had missed the day before. He wouldn’t be able to make enough of a shelter but it’d be something. As long as he didn’t end up going all Castaway and naming an inanimate object to be his best friend then he’d be good. He was Tony Stark after all. He’d find a way to get off the island. He wasn’t a genius for nothing.
Steve and Tony eyed each other, both unwilling to back down, until a throat cleared, breaking them from whatever that little display had been.
Tony was on top of the world. He was adored by people who didn’t know him personally, and those who did were regularly tested. Even with all of that, Steve figured it must get pretty lonely at the top. Tony was quick witted and socially awkward, but well-versed in how to handle the spotlight. It had taken awhile for everyone to actually see Tony for who he really was, and he turned out to be the exact opposite of what Steve had first assumed. Even though they were influenced by Loki’s staff, Steve still regretted the things he said. He’d tried apologizing but Tony waved him off and said it wasn’t necessary.
“Ow.” He hoped this wasn’t becoming his word of the day. He shot his own glare at the genie. “Right. I’m hallucinating a bit too hard it seems.”
The brunet looked like a deer caught in the headlights. “It’s uh...it’s nothing, dad. It really isn’t. I just…” Tony’s hands flailed a little as he tried to come up with a believable lie but had nothing. “I...I’m in a band.”
“Go back to sleep,” came the tired, half-asleep reply from Steve, whose eyes were still closed. He loosened his grip on Tony’s wrist long enough to slide his hand into the brunet’s, pulling it close to his chest. The genius frowned and bit his lip. He hadn’t exactly noticed how exhausted Steve had been, but he could see the dark circles under his eyes and realized he might have been a little unfair earlier when he’d been angry.
Steve met Tony’s eyes and shook his head slowly, he reached out a tentative hand to brush at the stitching along Tony’s forehead. “Not everything.”
Steve went next, smiling at Tony quickly before he spoke. “I am thankful for the fact that you guys have helped me find my place in this century. It’s still hard, and I am still confused most of the time, but you are okay with that. I have a home, and a family.” Steve turned his head and took Tony’s hand. “I also have Tony. I hope you realize how thankful I am for that.”
The blond shut his eyes and counted to ten in his head  before giving up around 8 and speaking impatiently. “Stark.”
“That’s a no.” The billionaire held up his hands, palms out. “I just thought you’d want company. It wasn’t a come on, but don’t worry about it. We’ll talk whenever you’re in the mood to socialize or whatever. I have too many things to do anyway.”
“Never mind. We can keep pining after each other in secret if you want, but I’d sort of like to kiss you now.”
Steve just nods and whimpers, still trying to remember how his muscles work. He looks thoroughly fucked out and blissed, and Tony wishes he could capture this exact moment to look back upon later.
Steve had no idea how to respond to that. Luckily he didn’t have to as Bucky was showing them to their table. Double dates were already among Steve’s least favorite things. Double dates who were preparing to listen to a heavy metal band while drinking the night away were even further down on his list. How could this be a date? How do you get to know someone that way? Bucky had always told him he was too old-fashioned, but Steve thought there was some merit to doing things the old-fashioned way, and he was also a hopeless romantic. He wasn’t the type who was in it for a quick lay before moving on to the next girl.
Steve smiled and placed a hand on Peter’s head before holding out his hand to Tony as well. “I’m Steve by the way, but I’m sure you sort of figured that out already. I’m the owner here.”
Tony’s fingernails dug into Steve’s scalp, his other hand locating the hand next to his head, linking his fingers with the soldier’s and squeezing his hand as he began to meet Steve thrust for thrust. Their moans of pleasure, the panting, none of it was deterred even as they continued to kiss each other, two hands held together tightly.
Tony groaned again and shut his eyes, and when he finally spoke it was slowly and just a bit sluggishly. “When I got hit by that car, the only thought I had was the fact that I wasn’t supposed to go out like that. That wasn’t heroic. That was just bad luck. Maybe I’m not meant to go out as a hero. Look how easy it was for me to end up in a hospital because without the suit I’m just a frail human who can break easily. I’m not strong. Not like you or Thor or the Hulk. Even Natasha and Clint. I rely on machines to do my work for me and without them I can’t exactly walk away from being hit by a car. Not the way you could. Sort of could. Being a genius doesn’t make me any less of a human. And I hate that, you know. I hate that sometimes I feel like maybe I say I’m not a team player because I don’t like knowing that I couldn’t measure up to you guys without the suit. I don’t have the skills that Clint and Natasha have. They’re just as human as me, but I...I’m not as invincible as I like to pretend I am. Obviously. I don’t feel like a true hero though. I feel like one day you’ll realize I’m not needed or that you can put anyone in the suit and you’ll find someone who isn’t as annoying and stubborn and arrogant as me. Please make me stop talking now. Stupid medicine.”
It didn’t matter. So what if Tony ignored him? So what if it kind of really bothered him just a bit? It was...disrespectful is all. That was it. It was a much more reasonable explanation than Bucky’s theory that Steve was just upset because Tony didn’t want to ‘play’ with him. No, that was ridiculous, they weren’t children on the playground, a fact he’d made sure to let Bucky know, just before he slammed the other man to the spar mat, pinning him until he cried uncle.
At some point Steve became entirely engrossed in what The Avengers were doing. They were unlike any heavy metal band he’d ever imagined. They certainly dressed for the part, but they still managed to stand out from most heavy metal bands he’d encountered. For starters, their lead vocal looked like a freaking Viking and was built like a god. No, seriously. Even Steve would be nervous about getting into a fight with this guy. The girl, a redhead who was dressed in all black, looked like she could probably kill a man with one of those drumsticks she was using without breaking a sweat. He wasn’t surprised to see Bucky staring at her, completely ignoring the date who was desperately trying to bring his attention back on her. The guy playing bass was so far from what he’d imagined heavy metal it wasn’t even funny. Except it was. The guy, wearing a peculiar amount of purple, appeared to be focusing less on the strings and more on the audience. This was the guy who would probably jump off stage into a mosh pit just for shits and giggles. He was obviously talented as hell. They all were.
Steve had to quickly pull himself from his thoughts and shook his head. “What? Oh. Yeah she’s real…” he searched his head for an impressive word. “...swell.”
“Stop lying to me, Cap! I get it! You’re upset and brooding and you apparently can’t tell up from down or whatever phrase would apply to your current situation that would actually make sense. If you don’t want to be with me anymore, that’s fine. I won’t push it, but you owe me an explanation. You owe me that much.”
“I’m not really telling you to do either, but I’ve known him longer than you and I’m telling you what there is to know about him. There are some things he’ll have to tell you on his own, but if you want my advice, I think he’s worth it.”
“I’ve always been interested in learning the traditions of Midgardians. I, too, shall volunteer as sweater tribute.”
“In the meantime work on that armor. I think you’ve got a good idea going there. I might need a sidekick when I’m ready to get back into the game.”
Tony held out an arm. “Steve, this is also Pepper Potts, my uh...well she is the person who micromanages my life and she’s a miracle worker and next to her is Happy. He’s my bodyguard slash driver. Everyone, this is Steve.”
Steve took a seat on a nearby bench and sighed heavily, shoulders slumping as he focused on the sidewalk beneath his feet. Eventually Tony came to sit next to him.
Tony gave him a blank stare. “Oh...kay? I mean are we talking ab--but you do realize that--” Wow he was struggling.
“Nah ah ah,” Steve responded, wagging his finger. “I’m not helping you until you answer a few questions for me. I need to be able to trust you, Stark, or else this won’t work.”
So when Steve slid his hand up Tony’s shirt, he didn’t stop the blond despite knowing what he’d find there when he did it. He shut his eyes and noticed the way Steve paused when his fingers moved over the scar on his chest, but Steve’s lack of a response had him cracking an eye open. It was as if Steve didn’t notice and Tony frowned.
“Thanks.” Tony gave one last look at his holo screen, at every weapon blueprint, everything he’d spent years creating, being deleted from existence. While he wanted nothing to do with weapons anymore, it was still disheartening to see hours of hard work falling down the drain. Hours of work he was having J.A.R.V.I.S. delete from every computer and every file located within Stark Industries computers. The part he was currently struggling with the most was knowing that he had to somehow get out there and destroy the weapons with his name, the ones that were passed on illegally and being used against their intended purpose.
Bruce sipped at his tea quietly for a moment. “I guess…I guess this is something you’ll have to figure out yourself, Tony, and I trust that you will. Like you said, you’re a genius.”
What felt like only moments had turned out to be an hour because people were standing up and applauding before he knew it. Tony was bowing for the crowd and they were eating it up. Tony was turning to walk off stage and…
As it turns out, she was leading him backstage and told him he would be able to watch Tony from the right wing because his back would be facing it. He had just taken his seat at the piano when Steve finally moved to a spot where he’d be able to see. He’d heard Tony play for him before. He’d listened to Tony on his iPod not realizing it was the same Tony. All of it paled in comparison to what Tony was doing right now. He had known from the get go that Tony was amazing, but seeing this live and in person was something Steve couldn’t put into words. This was Tony in his most natural and comfortable state. This was Tony showing the world just how much of a genius he was. And all Steve could do was stare at him in awe.
Once they began playing, Steve allowed his eyes to steer toward Tony. He occasionally glanced at Natasha just so he wouldn’t have to lie about saying he watched her play. She was a killer on the drums and he was convinced she’d probably try to kill Bucky with her drumsticks at least once.
Steve Rogers, despite his stunning inability to successfully tell a believable lie, was always very good at bottling up his emotions and playing it cool when tension was bubbling just under the surface. Ever since his initial encounter with the Winter Soldier, he’d been finding ways to distract himself and let out some pent up energy. His team had been a big help in different ways.
Steve went back and forth between glaring at the genius and ignoring him completely. He gathered up the firewood that was inside the cabin because, unfortunately, they could not get the door open thanks to the four feet of snow that didn’t so much drift to the ground but rather seemed to fall all at once.
Loki scooted over enough to let the blond take a seat next to him and used the opportunity to steal half the fries from Thor’s plate.
“You do realize that by shutting down that department you’d be putting a lot of people out of jobs. People who work hard and have dedicated years of their time to the company.”
Project Rebirth had given Steve everything he’d wanted and needed to be the man he set out to be. It increased his longevity and health, and he knew he’d probably have to watch all of them die off too.
“What? Boy, this isn’t my fault,” Obie tried again, stepping closer with his hands up. “Pepper was stealing secrets from us and trying to sell them. She has them on a thumb drive—“
Steve laughed at that. He had no other reaction. He was relieved because the guy whose name he still had yet to learn wasn’t angry with him. “I’m really sorry though. I hate it when people watch me without me knowing it. You play really well though. That was uh...amazing.”
The brunet smiled against Steve’s lips, laughing softly as his hand worked out a slow rhythm on Steve’s cock. After many nights of fantasizing about holding Steve’s apparently impressive member in his hands, he was going to make sure he got this right. Steve’s soft moans and heavy breathing were not exactly helping Tony out here and he began stroking faster, pulling away from the kiss to bury his face in Steve’s neck, licking a stripe from his shoulder to his ear.
No. Tony was pretty sure he wasn’t going to die, but as he’d thought before, only an act of gods or terrorism from less than friendly aliens would take him down. That was how he was supposed to go out, but the problem with that was the fact that Tony Stark, without the suit, was only human and yes, he was good with martial arts and making weapons to defend himself out of scraps, he wasn’t necessarily prepared to be blindsided.
“I’m an art student. I work to help pay for school and joined a band to pass the time. I suppose I needed a separate hobby, but art is my real passion. It’s usually what relaxes me the most.”
The genius gave Steve a small smile. No matter how many times Steve said it, Tony always froze when it was his turn to say it back. At first he had dismissed it as him not being ready to say it, but the harsh reality was the fact that he had no idea how to say it. This shouldn’t bother him, except that it does because Steve hasn’t questioned him. Steve hasn’t demanded to know why Tony won’t say it back. Steve hasn’t threatened to leave Tony, which Tony saw as more of a miracle. Whatever he could not put into words though, he always made up for in his actions. Well, at least he hoped so. Whether it was an extra safety precaution Tony added to Steve’s Captain America suit or the fevered kisses they shared at night when they were in bed together, in Tony’s mind, he was always hoping that Steve was getting the message.
When it was time for the Howling Commandos to take the stage Tony made sure to watch. He told himself it was because he wanted to see if they were any good and that it had nothing to do with the fact that he could stare at Steve. He couldn’t even convince himself of that bullshit because Steve was the only reason he was still there. Tony didn’t think he’d see him ever again, but apparently luck was on his side. He waited around just long enough for Steve to see him. He’d smiled and waved and proceeded to make his way to the back room where he’d met Steve before. The odds of Steve finding him again were fairly slim but he was feeling pretty lucky all things considered so maybe the odds would end up being in his favor after all.
Steve looked up from the sink and gave him a big smile. “I have no idea what you’re talking about, Tony.”
“I know you were there for awhile when Pepper practically reamed me for missing a board meeting that same day! I’m being pulled on from all sides. I’d have hoped that you would at least understand that!”
When Tony woke up, he was aware of several things at once. He wasn’t in his bed. His neck hurt. He was huddled under several blankets, very naked, and Steve’s arms were wrapped around him. So perhaps not a total fail. Then he remembered he was in Russia and that he was angry at the soldier. Seeing as he was too cold to get up, he instead rolled over so he could face Steve because he wanted the glare on his face to be the first thing the blond saw when he opened his eyes. Maybe a slap would help speed up the process of waking so he raised his hand a little just to get enough leverage but was stopped by a firm grip around his wrist. That part caused Tony to startle a bit and he sighed.
Tony smirked. “Leave this to the professionals, Cap.” His faceplate shut and he aimed a repulsor beam at the point where both pieces met and cut them in half.
Steve didn’t stop Bucky this time as he surged forward and punched Zola hard enough that Steve could hear something crack—probably a tooth, Steve guessed. Bucky held tight to Zola’s shirt, fist still ready to strike.
Obie laughed, gurgling on a buildup of spit and just a little bit of blood, “Congratulations, boy! Finally acting like a capable man. Tell me, what are you going to do next?”
“Anyway, I told Obie what I’d found. I told him we needed to have a conversation about this and I told him that I’m shutting down the weapon’s division the moment I return. Weapons were dad’s thing. I thought I was protecting people but there’s so much blood on my hands. I can’t stand behind and watch this happen and pretend like none of this is my fault.”
Steve pointed a finger and stopped him. “It doesn’t matter. That puts them in danger and puts us at risk of being found out. You’re dead and you’re going to stay dead until this plan of yours is finished. I can’t compromise what we already have going by bringing in more civilians.”
The brunet shrugged. “That’s pretty much all there is to know about me. When I’m not doing this I’m playing the piano at home and writing my own sheet music. I graduated from Juilliard with a Master of Music degree. In case it isn’t clear, the piano is more or less what my life revolves around.”
Bucky breathed a sigh through his nose, a disappointed look on his face. “No.” He took a seat next to Steve. “I think you should sit this one out.”
And now things were just weird. After a few minutes of awkward silence, both of them just picking at their food, Steve stood up. “I have to finish my art project. See you later.” He was out the door before Tony could say anything.
Tony lifted his gun and pointed it at Obadiah’s head, “Don’t fucking lie to me!” Tony yelled. “I’ve lived through enough of your bullshit to last a lifetime.”
Tony reached up to meet Steve’s lips again before pulling away slowly with a wicked smirk. “I expect you to blow my mind away again.”
The sound of relative silence was almost too much when he’d become accustomed to the sounds of footsteps patrolling, a random scream here and there, and the drip drip drip of the leak in his ceiling. That drip had driven him crazy at the time but now he sort of missed it in what was definitely some twisted version of Stockholm syndrome.
Ten minutes later he walked back into his bedroom with a towel wrapped around his waist as he picked out something to wear for the day.
Tony tossed his suit jacket on the back of the sofa and was immediately distracted by the site of a very blond, very stunning man sitting in his recliner, tossing a ball back and forth to a robot.
Steve placed the robodog on the counter and reached up to cup Tony’s face with both hands, thumbs gently stroking over his cheekbones. He pulled Tony’s face closer to his and the genius actually moaned, hands flying up to Steve’s shoulders as he deepened the kiss.
Steve at least had the audacity to look a little embarrassed. Tony looked gleeful. Then he was gone and the rest of the team decided they’d settled Operation: Avengers Thanksgiving.
Natasha shrugged. “He’s actually kind of a narcissist but overall harmless. He’s a certified genius though so maybe it’s hard for him to be modest when he knows he’s better at something than most people will ever be. He’s also still young and on top of the world right now.”
It took another two weeks for Tony to respond, and Steve couldn’t understand why he actually missed being harassed by the man during those days.
Guilt. It hit Steve like an oncoming train. He realized he was dropping everything, including Tony, so he could leave as early as possible to track down Bucky, and while he knew Tony wanted to seem indifferent, the truth was that Steve wasn’t even taking the time to say goodbye properly and Tony was most likely taking it as a rejection.
Tony was silent this time, contemplating as to whether or not he wanted to say the next thing to Steve. He was sure Steve knew, but Tony’d never talked about it with anyone.
Tony tried so very hard to draw the line when Steve found the carousel but Steve had grabbed his hand and practically lifted him onto a horse. Tony held on to the pole and only hoped not one person recognized him while he rode the creepiest looking horse on the ride. Tony ended up not hating that nearly as much as he thought he would but he wouldn’t admit that either.
Someone had suggested all of them sit down together for a Thanksgiving dinner. Tony, who had been tinkering with a new communication device, suddenly found himself the focus of five sets of eyes and he had to pause for a moment to remember why. Oh, right. Thanksgiving.
Years ago Steve had found himself acquainted with a man who went by the name Abraham Erskine, a man he knew little about let alone his less than legal lifestyle. No, that part had come as something of a surprise, though the word ‘surprise’ wasn’t the first word to come to mind when Steve found himself tied to a metal chair with a pudgy speckled man spewing spit and badly accented questions in Steve’s face.
Steve looked up from his drawing for a moment to give Tony a smile. Tony smiled in return and perched himself on the back of the couch, leaning over to see what Steve was drawing. “Wow, that’s really good.”
Steve laughed and hoisted Tony up, wrapping the brunet’s legs around his waist. “Then I guess I won’t keep you waiting any longer.”
“You can’t do it, can you, Tony.” Obie breathed out, a pained wince finally marring his creased face. “You can’t pull the trigger.” He tsked, “Howard always said you were soft, my boy. Carried your heart on your sleeve for the whole world to see.”
Steve started after him, cursing Tony with everything he had as he ran through the labyrinth that made up Stark Industries.
Steve rubbed his hand over his face tiredly. He and Tony had stopped speaking to each other over a week ago, but he couldn’t even understand why he had been angry before. He certainly wasn’t angry with Tony now. Sure, what he said had hurt a little...okay a lot, but it was possible that he’d taken it completely out of context. It didn’t help that Tony had become angry with him just as quickly.
Steve huffed, his forehead wrinkling. Tony seemed to misunderstand this because his face shut down, and how did he already know how to do that?
Steve narrowed his eyes at Tony even as he spoke to the rest of his team. “Give us a moment, would you?”
Tony stepped right into Steve’s space and scrutinized him for a moment. Steve watched him closely. Tony’s proximity usually had a strange effect on him, and it was something he’d never told him. He wanted to lean forward and kiss him, make him believe that everything he was saying was true. No one wanted to see Tony being happy quite like Steve did, and even if Tony did not return his feelings, at least he had to know that Steve wasn’t joking. Steve thought the world of him.
Steve rubbed at his face with his hand, trying to futilely block the flush he felt heating up along his cheeks. It didn’t help when he heard Tony mutter ‘I wish” under his breath.
This wasn’t a situation they were getting out of in the next few hours. He really hated his life sometimes.
Steve was silent for a moment as he processed what he’d just heard and his eyes turned to look over at Tony who seemed to look away from the soldier quickly, almost as if he were too embarrassed to look at the soldier. Steve frowned.
“Tony. Please wake up. Please.” He pulled Tony into his lap as he sat, waiting for medical to come and get them.
“Brother Steve! I hear there is much need for assistance once again. I am saddened to see that our efforts to protect this fair city cause so much damage at the same time.”
“Sir, you have 200 new voicemails and 700 emails as well as text messages. Would you like to sort through them now?”
The trickster smirked. “Glad to know I’m still capable of surprising you lot. Not that it’s difficult, but...” He abruptly stopped speaking and looked pained, clacking his teeth together and hissing inwardly. “I’m under strict orders to turn Stark back into an adult. Thor is rather displeased, which pleases me, but no one has ever cared about what makes me happy, so why start now?”
Steve visibly relaxed once he saw Tony and he was smiling from ear to ear. “Tony! You’re back! How did it go?”
Tony held up a thumb drive. “Lots of encrypted data. Usernames. Passwords. Account information. Stealth.”
Before he knew it, it was showtime. He gave Pepper a small smile and she gave him a hug in return. “Knock ‘em dead, Stark.”
The god dropped his metal beams into the pile waiting to be taken away. “Of course he would. You have a lot more influence over him than you might realize.”
By this point Steve’s eyebrows were raised and he was just staring at Tony. He still looked confused.
Steve had a great voice. He obviously wasn’t made to be the lead singer of a punk rock band, but he definitely had the voice for this. And Tony had to admit, his guitar playing skills were pretty damn good too. He had no idea how he’d managed to luck out finding Steve the way he had, seeing Steve come back again and then again just to interact with Tony. Tony decided right then and there that Steve was the best thing to ever happen to him, and even shut up that anxious voice in his head that kept telling him it was too soon to feel this way, it should take longer to fall for someone.
He follows Tony when the genius leads him towards the dance floor, knowing anyone who looked closely at him would know something was up. Tony doesn’t take them right to the middle, but he doesn’t place them on the fringe of the crowd either. Tony wants them to be able to make a swift exit if need be.
Steve looked around, glad to see they weren’t attracting a crowd. It was hard to surprise New Yorkers. Most of them have heard and seen it all. He hung his head. “Please don’t do this. Don’t make me talk about this, Tony.”
“Fair enough. I suppose that due to my untimely kidnapping and quote unquote death that he never actually got around to holding that press conference.” Steve caught a glimpse of something in Tony’s eyes before it flickered away. “I’m trying to get SI out of the weapons business.” He paused and shook his head. “That’s an explanation for another day.”
Steve took another breath to calm himself, it was no time to let emotions cloud his judgment. “Right.” He looked around the corner briefly. “Four in the corner, two in the middle and six scattered. Twelve all together, all equipped. Quick in and out, Stark is either being held somewhere else or he’s already made his escape attempt. Either way, we need to clear out these guards to make the odds tip in our favor.”
Natasha just swatted at him. “No, I’m just saying that he’s a good guy, but he can be a little much sometimes.”
Steve followed quietly, trying to ignore the discomfort in his pants now. He wasn’t prepared for the limousine waiting when they made it outside.
The voice returned, a little louder in the confined space. “My apologies, Captain. My name is JARVIS, Mister Stark’s personal AI.”
Steve whined quietly at the praise and Tony rewarded him by raising the vibrator setting up a notch. He enjoyed the sudden jerk and loud gasp Steve made as his hand continued to move slowly over the soldier’s hardness. It took every ounce of willpower he had not to pull Steve’s cock out so he could climb under the table and suck him off. God, did that sound hot though. Apparently his own dick was just as turned on by the thought as it strained against the jeans he was wearing.
Steve nodded, had felt the same way on several occasions. “You’d be surprised how many people would. I find it’s best not to question it too much.”
The Avengers all peered up at the tree that Thor and Steve had insisted on bringing up by themselves, despite the fact that Tony’s penthouse was almost at the top of the tower.
Steve swallowed. “Well then hear this. I might as well say it and see if our friendship can even survive this. The truth is, Tony, that I sort of fell in love with you not long after we became friends. In the beginning it was easy enough to ignore, but I don’t know. We weren’t close anymore and it hurt. I hate that we keep fighting and that I’m freaking out over something as ridiculous as the fact that we have both changed. I thought you’d move on and that we’d never get the chance to have any closure if you did. It even hurt thinking that, but I didn’t know how to talk to you about it. And you can shut me up anytime because I’m sounding like a really cheesy romcom and I don’t want that.”
Steve rolled his eyes but it was obvious he was more flattered than anything. He quickly added that one last detail. Tony took it and held onto it carefully as if it was the most precious thing he’d ever held in his hands.
Steve took cautious, slow, steps until he could lean against his desk at Tony’s side. “And people like you…what do they deserve? Nothing?”
She gave him a disbelieving smile. “I’m sure you did. I was hoping you’d possibly be enjoying the evening with me, but I suppose it would have been a bit strange if you had started dating your ex-girlfriend's cousin. Thanks though. If anything it was really nice to finally meet you.”
“Can’t we stay in and order something? It’s cold outside and Pepper will have me assassinated if I don’t at least have notes that even the dumbest of the board members can follow for this meeting. Did I mention that it’s cold outside?”
“We’ll cross those bridges when we get to them. Sometimes your flaws make you better. They make you unique and maybe you should call them quirks instead of flaws. Flaws implies that you think you should correct yourself whereas quirks imply that it’s who you are and they make you stand out from the rest.”
Steve checked and loaded his gun. “I’m going to kill him. I’m going to find him and then I’m going to kill him,” he said lowly.
It wasn’t until Steve cornered him in the lab one day to ask him if he was still even interested in him anymore. He’d looked so uncertain and insecure and Tony didn’t know what to do with that. He hadn’t seen that look on Steve’s face before and he didn’t want to see it again. So he answered by throwing himself against Steve and kissing him as if his life depended on it.
“Apologies, sir, but I am under strict orders by Ms. Potts to have you vacate the area for the following three days or until you speak with Captain Rogers.”
Steve crossed his arms over his chest and leaned against the wall as Tony explained to his friends how he was captured, tortured and held for three months until he finally managed to escape. He let them know about Johann Schmidt being HYDRA’s mastermind, how he went by the name Red Skull most of the time, the things he made Tony do, the way Obie was likely just another pawn in Johann’s game of chess.
Steve just shook his head. “Nah. I guess it just...sometimes I feel like Tony gets too involved in his own thing to bother helping out with something like this.”
Bucky whistled low and impressed as he walked to Steve, eyes still scanning the room. “What the fuck was that?”
Tony was grasping at the hand holding him, his feet kicking out trying to connect with a shin or something. Obadiah just laughed at Tony’s futile attempts. He let go of Tony and laughed more when he fell to the floor, holding onto his neck as he tried to breathe. That was going to hurt for a few days.
Tony made his way to the sink while Steve cleaned, standing behind the blond and wrapped his arms around his waist. “These can wait.” He moved his hand down to Steve’s groin and gave a small squeeze. “This cannot.”
“You and I both know what he’s like. We were both there when he tried to kill you. If you can’t talk to me about it at all, then who can you talk to? We’re friends, Cap.”
Steve pressed his lips together tightly and just gave Bucky what he hoped would pass for a blank look.
“Yeah. I hear you there, Tony. Loud and clear. Just give me some time. I’ll be back and then we can talk more about...us. Yeah?”
Steve nearly jumped when a hand landed on top of his sketchbook and he ripped his earbuds out to glare at his best friend, this time with a bit more malice. “What was that for?”
That caused Tony to chuckle. “I’ll keep that in mind.” He picked up his tablet, and stared at the schematics for Bucky’s arm as he worked out where to dive in. “You want me to knock you out? Then you don’t have to worry about getting bored. And really, I remember how much you whined when we were first doing this, I could do without it this time around.”
When he walked into the space he was surprised to find Tony working on Bucky’s arm. The two sat chatting about circuits and rerouting servos to produce a greater efficiency when the arm was moved in a series of quick motions. Tony prodded at a few different areas of the arm and then voice recording any reactions that came as a result of the stimuli. Steve watched the two as they moved through a set of tests until Tony gave a quick ‘ahah!’ after Bucky winced due to a jab somewhere around the wrist plates.
Tony sighed and cringed. “Did you not hear the part where I said I have a crush on you? That changes everything.”
She laughed softly. “I’ve been asked to stand here and wait for you to show up. I had an interesting talk with Natasha.”
Finally he pulled away he kissed Tony’s forehead. “You’re the one who was injured and yet you’re the one doing the comforting.”
He thought more about Steve. Steve had amazing dimples. Well he had an amazing smile too. He didn’t get a good look at Steve’s eyes but he was pretty sure those were even better up close than they were from a small distance. His hairstyle had been dorky in the most adorable way and Tony had never developed a crush on one person in less than five minutes. It was not possible. Then he thought it might just be a lust thing and he’d be over it in no time at all. He was still a teenager so not completely unfathomable in the least.
“Okay okay yeah. Bad choice. Scratch the movie,” Bucky replied. He glanced at Natasha again. “Any more ideas?”
Steve stepped out of the car and looked at Tony over the roof with a shit eating grin. “The best girl.”
And with that they were off, shooting ideas off each other, back and forth until they ended up on the subject of the practicality of an actual portal ray and the applications as well as the safety hazards that might come along with such an invention.
Obie sounded almost caring when he spoke. “You were young, Tony. Still impressionable. I had hope for you.”
The others just snorted and Steve nudged Bucky with his elbow, smiling. “You have a real way with words, Buck.”
It was probably a blessing too because that’s when Happy and Pepper showed up. He appreciated his bodyguard and Pepper was great at micromanaging his entire life as well as leaving out the part where Tony was actually in a band. She said she thought it was good for him to explore venues outside of piano concertos. So he had her on his side and Happy had no objections as long as he was able to follow Tony everywhere because what kind of bodyguard would he be if he didn’t do that?
And in that moment Obadiah was no longer on him. He was tossed onto the work table, messing up all of Tony’s current progress. On the plus side, he did seem to be in pain. And he could see Steve. He could see him pulling the gun from his hand. He could see Steve throwing Obadiah to the ground. He could see Steve pointing the gun at the man, but he didn’t shoot. He wasn’t going to shoot him. He could see the desire there, but he couldn’t. Captain America wasn’t that kind of guy. It didn’t stop him from pistol whipping the older man into unconsciousness though. He grabbed some coiled wire and threw the man onto his stomach before quickly and tightly tying his hands together. And when all was finished he was rushing over to Tony, holding onto his side where he’d been shot. Steve was there and he was kneeling in front of Tony, checking to see if his heart was still beating, brushing his hair from his face.
“This...Steve, this is amazing. Stop blushing. Wait. Forget I said that. The stop blushing part. It’s still amazing. You drew this from memory.”
Steve staggered closer using the wall of servers to hold himself up. Red Skull’s eyes fell on him, his smile covered in red. He began to laugh, gurgling on blood, choking on it. “You think you’ve won, Captain….” He trailed off, voice lost in a hacking cough. He picked back up as if he was never interrupted, voice quieter but no less smug. “Cut off the head and two more shall grow in its place.”
The genius took a deep breath only to realize even his thoughts were taking him to a place that induced panic, and all while he was kissing Steve Rogers. He opted to nod instead and buried his face in Steve’s neck while he collected himself.
Tony spluttered, a flush high on his cheeks before he coughed, face settling back into practiced calm. Not that it did anything to stop Steve from almost doubling over with laughter. “Shut up, you can’t just say stuff like that unexpectedly. That’s playing dirty-- oh ha ha. Don’t even say it.”
Steve tried to pretend he didn’t see the glistening in the Tony’s eyes, that it didn’t make him want to do something like grip the other man's shoulder, or worse, hug him.
“It’s a reminder. When I was born I had a heart defect. One that required major surgery. It kept me stuck in the house a lot, and that’s when I started playing the piano.” He rest his hand over Steve’s and pressed it closer to his heart. “I could have died. I should have died. I didn’t though and that grounded me at a much younger age than it probably should have.”
Steve let the dish he was holding drop back down into the sink and quickly drained the water before turning around, letting out a quiet groan as Tony’s hand left his pants.
He knew that if his father were still alive that he’d be just as appalled by what was happening. He had no doubts about that. His father might have been cold and distant and obsessed with his work, but he wasn’t malicious and he wasn’t a murderer. A part of him had to trust that his father might have made the same move had he been put in this position. A part of him was hoping that he’d be making his father proud of him in some way.
Steve leaned forward and pressed a kiss to Tony’s lips. “Tony Stark, don’t you dare say anything like that again. You’re important to us. To me. You’re everything you think you’re not and I’m definitely no better than you. I can’t stop thinking about how I wasn’t able to save you. I almost lost you before I even had you. You are a hero, with or without the suit and I will always admire you and everything you’re able to do. You’re amazing and I just wish you could realize that.”
“Sir, Ms. Potts is on the line and Captain Rogers is seeking entrance into the workshop as we speak.”
“Seconded,” Thor called out, laughing right before Steve heard a loud smash make its way through the com, like a hammer on stone.
“Yeah. I guess. You’re closed off now. More so than you used to be. I miss the way we used to be comfortable with each other. Now we can’t agree on anything. I’ve been trying to just deal with these last few weeks in stride, but it has been hard, Tony. I could have used the kind of friendship we used to have, but do you even know what I’ve been going through?”
He hauled Tony over to the couch in his workshop and propped him up, turning his head so the genius could see Steve on the floor, struggling and bleeding, trying to move. This had turned into a nightmare. Obadiah smirked at his handiwork on Steve before turning his attention back to Tony. “What a sight. It’s tearing you up isn’t it? You can’t do anything other than watch this.”
It was rare for people to see Steve in his punk rock attire unless he was performing and tonight wasn’t any different. The venue they were performing in that night was featuring a Metal-Punk Mash Up of various local bands and they were one of the last ones to go on stage. There were five bands total set to play two songs each and the Howling Commandos were number four on the list. Steve played bass next to Morita who talked about how much he enjoyed shredding up his guitar. Bucky was their lead singer, Gabe the keyboardist, Dum Dum on drums, Falsworth on second guitar and Jacques on third guitar.
Steve stilled at the sink, the dishes forgotten as Tony’s thumb slid over the precum that was already leaking from his dick. He shut his eyes and swallowed, letting his head drop while Tony began to slowly stroke up and down his shaft. Tony sucked on Steve’s earlobe once more before smiling into his neck as he worked Steve’s cock harder. He nipped at Steve’s neck lightly before letting go of his cock and moving down further to give his balls a good squeeze.
Clint nodded his head. “We appreciate that you put this meal in front of us. You didn’t have to. You don’t have to do a lot of things, but you do them anyway because it matters to you.”
“I’m calculating the percentages of that possibility, including the variables that will allow me to forgive sooner or hold onto that grudge even longer.”
Tony knew he would always find a way to screw things up and this time he did it without being any wiser to what was going on.
The smile on the soldier's face brightened monumentally and maybe Tony would be able to follow that light all the way through the holiday season.
The blond took a seat and lifted his guitar from its case. He strummed for a moment to make sure nothing was out of tune. With an air of finality and possibly a little bit of nervousness, Steve cleared his throat and dove right in to the song.
“We’ve been waiting for you. It’s not long before your flight leaves and you need a change of clothes. Meet us outside in no more than ten minutes.” And with that she turned around, her heels clicking loudly as she exited.
Tony gave the blond a brief smile. “I agree but we have to suffer through it anyway. We can go out for ice cream afterwards if you behave very well. You have to try on your tux though so we need to leave like five minutes ago.”
Once upon a time Tony had lived in a suite near the top of his tower which also served as offices for Stark Industries.
The AI was silent for a moment. “I am currently running his face through the entire Internet database. It would seem a match has popped up in S.H.I.E.L.D.’s records.”
Steve looked up from behind his desk, wariness turning to disbelief as Tony told him he needed to go out on his own for awhile, that he had a few things he wanted to get from his workshop in the mansion and that only he could sneak in and out undetected.
Tony began laughing and Steve wanted to glare, but he couldn’t stop his shoulders shaking from laughter himself and tossed Tony’s clothes at him. He stood up to grab his suit and lightly smacked Tony upside the back of his head when he received a wolf whistle from the genius. Once the both of them were dressed, they worked together to drag Tony’s suit out into the snow and toward the quinjet.
“Are you ready?” Steve asked as he liberally covered a finger in lube and Tony could only nod, his throat too dry to form any words. Steve just smiled and scooted back slightly, his hand sliding back between Tony’s legs. The brunet reached for a pillow to place under his hips as Steve’s finger traced around his hole once more, kissing Tony’s thigh as he gently nudged in a finger. Tony grunted and Steve looked up.
“No respect at all,” Tony grumbled, sliding down in his seat a little with his arms folded across his chest, bottom lip jutted out in a pout that was just a little too tempting for Steve to look at for too long.
“I’m staying in. Bruce can stabilize it when he gets here, but you’re not taking me out of the game.”
“Yeah.” He let out a breath. “Yeah. I just…” He took a seat on the bed and then patted the spot next to him hoping Steve would sit as well. He did.
“Good.” She smiled at him once more. “Take care of yourself.” And with that the call was disconnected.
Steve shot up in his seat, wide awake, with wide eyes. The bed was empty. Steve stood up and started frantically looking around the room, in the bathroom, in the closet, with no luck and a sense of rising panic that got caught in his throat until every breath he took seemed to be too much and too fast.
“In all seriousness, you ever notice how dark and drab it is in here sometimes? You guys need to lighten up and who better to help than an adorable robot who has an even more adorable creator? It’s really a win all around if you ask me.”
They arrived just in time to watch the first act finishing their final song and leaving the stage. Bucky wanted to get as close as possible and was using Dum Dum as his personal bowling ball to get people out of their way. This wasn’t uncommon and Dum Dum enjoyed tossing his weight around, even for a hilariously lovesick friend. They managed to find a spot where they could get a clear view of the drummer, but Steve couldn’t help it that his eyes kept moving toward the keyboard knowing he’d get to see Tony again.
Tony couldn’t even argue the point. He was cold, shivering, and his fingers were already beginning to go numb. It didn’t stop him from grumbling and cursing under his breath at Captain Bossy-Pants. Much to his amazement though he did locate several blankets and even a slightly shabby down comforter and a quilt. Whoever was here before must have left in a hurry.
She cut him off. “It doesn’t matter, Tony. Get your priorities straight. I have to go do more damage control.”
“Yes. It is.” He stood quickly from the bench and settled himself down on Steve, straddling him and pressing a remarkably chaste kiss to his mouth considering the way he was sitting on the blond.
Tony looked away, frowning deeply. “There’s nothing to say. Not about my life. It’s the usual. My dad still hates me, my mom doesn’t know what to do with me, and Jarvis is the one who is going to escort me to MIT because neither of my parents can find the time to remember that I exist, that I have a life outside of what my dad has planned for me. Is that what you were looking for?”
Steve watched as the grin on Tony’s face dimmed, catching something flash in his eyes before it was hidden away like so many other things Tony tended to hide. “Right.”
“Interesting. I mean how you know some things but not others. Sometimes it’s like you’re seeing the world for the first time and other times you’re almost jaded.”
Tony jerked a little, as if stung. “Of course I—look. I knew what I was doing, I had safety precautions in place I just didn’t expect—Nuts-N-Bolts told you where I was! Everyone—everything is fine.
“You never did. I’ve always tried to keep up with you, but you’ve always been ahead of the game. Ahead of me. And look at you now. You’re this huge deal and suddenly becoming popular and a little arrogant, and you don’t talk to me anymore. When’s the last time you told me anything about your life outside of school?”
“Let him know I’m here. Just that I need a few hours before I see anyone.” Honestly he didn’t want to see anyone at all. He didn’t want to hear their questions about how things went, to hear their apologies and see the pity in their eyes when they learn he once again failed and would probably continue to do so.
Tony raised his brow at Steve sometime around the fifth day, leaning against the open door way, Nuts-N-Bolts making laps around Steve’s office. “You know, when I made him, he wasn’t designed to become attached to one person.”
Steve opened his mouth, snapped it shut, and then opened it again, sure that he didn’t want to tell Tony  and yet he heard his voice, quiet but strong, falling away from him. “She was amazing. Feisty and strong, funny, she didn’t take shit from anyone. So independent, never needed anyone else to take care of her, even me.” Steve paused, the familiar lump in his throat restricting his words just the slightest bit. “We missed our window, I guess. Or maybe there was never a window in the first place. Too many things were happening then, all at once.” Steve let his eyes fall to the compass that still sat on his bookshelf, the one that held her picture. “She eventually left, and nobody blamed her, me least of all. This wasn’t the life she had wanted for herself. It’s not the life anyone sane really wants. Peggy found a way out, lord knows you only get very few chances, and she took it. She moved back to England last I heard.”
Howard’s expression remained stony and unpleasant and then it immediately changed to mortification. “What?”
That night Tony introduced Steve to popcorn, coke and Ferris Bueller’s Day Off. They were seated on the couch together but had managed to start off on opposite sides. Every time Tony had to explain a pop culture reference to Steve he ended up scooting closer to the genie.
More ash drifted over onto them. Tony pulled away completely and folded his arms. “Who even does that? Kiss me and then start an argument? What even—“ Steve smirked and kissed him again, just a firm press of his lips to Tony’s. “Also, you’re the one who went and got yourself all cut up this time—“ another kiss, longer this time. Tony sighed, spoke with his eyes closed. “I’m not inept, Steve. You don’t have to worry about me.”
“Yeah. Yeah I think...I just want to wake up and see you. The real you. And know that you’re still here anyway.”
An hour later Pepper found him and told him it was time to get ready. Tony grabbed the few items he’d brought into the practice room with him and followed her out. He looked in the mirror with a wicked smile as he turned to look at himself from all angles after he put on his performance suit. He looked good. He always did. Pepper did magical things to his hair. She made it look like he spent no time at all getting ready when it actually took the better part of an hour to get it to look like that. She added a touch of makeup just to keep him from looking washed out by the stage lights.
That pulled Steve out of his quiet contemplation long enough for him to look at the genius and roll his eyes. “I mean I feel like I know it personally.”
Tony was still watching Steve’s face and smiled. “Dad will get mad at me if he sees it. So don’t tell him.”
Steve leaned in and gave him a quick kiss, smiling shyly. “I can imagine. How do you even have time for your Iron Man gig? It’s not like you guys are short on performances either.”
Tony snorted. “No. What would be helpful is a nice, hot shower, which I plan on taking the moment we get back to the tower.”
“I’m raising a tiny monster,” Tony muttered before looking back to Steve. “It was nice to meet you, but we better go before the bridezilla breathes fire on us for being late again.”
Steve gave up on telling Tony to stop calling him that. Tony told him it was just his own way of showing affection. “Better.”
Tony smiled once more just to hide the panic on his face. Dinner. Crap. “I won’t. Just make sure your stomachs are ready. I ordered half the shop. We’ll all be in tryptophan induced comas after tomorrow night. That’s a Stark promise.”
Tony presented Steve with his gift, looking hopeful. “I know it’s not perfect, but I can keep working on it until it is.”
Bucky whispered, eyes where Natasha and Clint had disappeared. “We going to blow this place sky high this time?”
“Happiness is an illusion. Use it like a cloak to cover up the rotten bits.” Tony opened the folder and Steve was surprised to see a newspaper clipping, one declaring the death of Tony’s parents. Tony’s hands gripped the page hard enough to wrinkle it at the edges, his face bone white.
Leaving Tony behind was easier said than done when part of him wanted nothing more than to stay close and keep an eye on the other man both to make sure he was resting and to make sure he didn’t get into more trouble with no supervision. He already knew Tony was no stranger to sneaking through the guards he had in place, guards that were due for a rigorous training if they’d already been breached not once, but twice by the genius.
And he was about to discard it, but there was something on it. Something that caught his attention. A symbol or writing. Well it was shiny and he liked shiny things. So he rubbed it with the sleeve of his jacket.
Howard squeezed his eyes shut and pinched the bridge of his nose. “We’re going to discuss this later. And don’t think you’re going to be getting out of this Anthony Edward Stark. This is going to have to stop. How are you going to handle it if the tabloids catch on to the fact that you’re apparently dating a man for Christ’s sake? Do you even think about that? Have you stopped to wonder if these people are using you and taking advantage of you for your money and fame?”
Steve started laughing at that. “He has a point. He gets ice cream out of this.” And then he cleared his throat and got a very serious look on his face for Tony’s benefit. “But your dad is right. You shouldn’t be making bets at this age. You should at least wait until you’re ten.”
The soldier felt his face blush a little but ignored it as he poured another very generous amount of lube over his throbbing erection, lowering himself slightly, one arm resting next to Tony’s head as his eyes searched the genius’. “I think uh…” he looked between their bodies. “We might have to just do it. This way.”
Steve had, as he figured would happen, been less than happy to see him. He hadn’t actually meant for Steve to see him just yet, had almost contemplated wherein a mask just so he wouldn’t be recognizable but ultimately scrapped that idea when the fabric irritated his stitches. He wanted to prove just how useful he could be, but from a distance. And then he heard that Pepper was with Obie and Rhodey was fighting alongside Clint and he’d made up his mind and made his way into SI and unfortunately into Steve.
Steve looked from his work up to Tony’s wide brown eyes and knew himself defeated. He pushed himself up from his desk and held out his hand for the garment.
Pepper and Rhodey both grinned, relief almost palpable in the air. Pepper whacked Tony on the shoulder. “You’re alive and you haven’t called. We’ve been worried sick and Obadiah’s been sending out search teams to try and find you and you’ve been alive this whole time, Tony! Why didn’t you come home?”
Steve followed a happy Peter inside and sat down a bag of what appeared to be a lot of presents. He took a seat next to Tony on the couch.
Tony’s smile wobbled for a moment. “Yeah. Tell Happy—tell him that I’m good and that I owe him that promotion to head of security I’ve been promising him for keeping my best girl safe while I’ve been away.”
Steve gave him one more long suck before pulling off of Tony’s cock with a pop. He looked up at Tony, licking his reddened lips and moved, climbing up on the bed. Tony scooted back to make room for him, Steve hovering over Tony’s body before leaning down to kiss him. Tony gripped Steve’s arms, his back arching again as he searched for any friction he could for his throbbing member.
Natasha and Clint were sifting through areas of metal and wood again. Both of them were exhausted and the redhead had dislocated a shoulder that medical had set back into place almost immediately. She was only helping at her own insistence because the moment Steve tried to suggest she take it easy for the rest of the day is when she implied the threat of bodily harm for even thinking such a thing. At least she did agree to work on an area that would involve less use of her shoulder.
“That’s--you just looked completely...at home while playing. It stuck with me because you don’t really see that much passion from people even when they are doing something they love.”
Steve looked in every place he could think of, in every crawl space his home had and in every nook and cranny that he thought Tony might even possibly be able to squeeze into. When each spot turned up empty, Steve rushed his way to the debrief room where the others were already waiting, anxious and ready to go.
The smile Tony gave Steve was blinding and beautiful and Steve couldn’t imagine it ever having been anyone other than Tony. Always Tony. He gave the genius one more peck on the lips.
Which is exactly what happened because Tony was apparently having one of those days. It wasn’t a heated kiss. It wasn’t hard. It wasn’t desperate. If was soft and almost chaste, but it lingered and Tony wanted to make it into something so much more.
Steve arched an eyebrow. “I’m decent enough. I’ve got a partial scholarship and was able to get a grant as well.”
On the other side though, he spotted a man in a black tank who seemed to be fidgeting rather nervously. The first thing he noticed was the bright light that appeared to be coming from the center of the man’s chest, but the big brown eyes staring at him are what captured his attention.
“Whatever you say, Stark.” Bucky was quiet for a moment and then continued, more genuinely, “Thanks. Again.”
Once Steve's brain finally rebooted and his muscles began working again, he lifted his head to see Tony already staring at him, a look of what could be considered defiance in his eyes. That and a tiny hint of fear. Steve was puzzled for a moment and then he remembered what Tony had said, what he’d been chanting as his orgasm took him over.
Steve kicked the next guard he saw square in the jaw and kept moving until he reached a large open space full of HYDRA goons standing about as if they had nothing better to do with their time.
“Don’t start. I already know the spiel. Natasha threatened to castrate me with a shovel if I hurt Steve. You’ll taser me to death I’m sure. I’ve heard it all already. I hear everyone loud and clear.”
The genius laughed, amusement etched on every plane of his face, before swooping down and grabbing the bot. Tony spoke to Nuts-N-Bolts as he exited the room. “That’s enough. We have to leave. I don’t want troll to be a part of your everyday vernacular and the Captain there is a bad influence already.”
The man smiled slowly, smarmily, “Arnim Zola. No need to introduce yourselves, I’ve heard quite a bit about you, Captain. And you, Winter Soldier, what fun we had before you escaped.”
“Funny enough, that’s now how I see it, but you seem to forget that I can match you in the game of stubborn assholes.”
He walked back over to his bed and threw himself down on it, grabbing a pillow and holding it over his face to mute his frustrated scream. When he was finished he hurled the pillow across the room and stood up to pace back and forth.
Steve tried to keep his composure to see how long he could make Tony wait, but Tony is nothing if not persistent and he had no plans of giving up. He kissed Steve’s back and then pulled away for a moment to kick off his shoes and toss them into the hallway. He was pressing against Steve’s back one more, trying to entice him before he started playing dirty. A quiet laugh from Steve though and Tony resorted to giving up pretenses of a fair fight. He’d been with Steve long enough to know what left him breathless and he was going to make Steve pay attention to him.
Steve acted like he really needed to think about this. “No. Sounds like a bit of a challenge. I feel like we’ll probably end up butting heads on a few things, but what’s the fun in a relationship if we can’t challenge each other?”
The soldier smiled nervously. How do you tell a small child that his parents are dead? He was going to ask for them sooner or later. “Is that so?”
Tony continues to work Steve over for a few more minutes, enjoying the gasps and the moans that Steve is making just for him. Then he powers down the vibrator again and Steve wants to cry. He was so close again.
For four days Nuts-N-Bolts was wherever Steve looked, chasing after him to the bathroom, to stand guard as Steve showered, to watch him eat, to watch Steve work in his office or chirp at him while he worked out in the gym. The bot had even taken to sleeping at the foot of Steve’s bed after the first night where he wouldn’t stop tapping at Steve’s door until Steve gave up and let him inside where he’d remained silent until Steve woke up the next morning.
“Yeah,” Tony laughed quietly. “We are. We should fix that if you’re going to be so close by when we start college.”
“There’s more of them coming, Steve!” Bucky shouted, his own gun firing off from behind a pillar, the metal plates of his arm shifting and glinting in the dull lighting that the warehouse provided.
Tony snorted. “Yeah. I guess. Because having you around just so I can have someone to hang out with is a real hardship for me.”
That earned, at the very least, a sympathetic look from the redhead. “How’s your...whole body? I saw the footage of that crash landing you had.”
“I don’t. I just get the impression that most people enjoy the whole master aspect. I could be wrong but having absolute power over someone must be appealing to certain types.”
And then Steve had finally woken up and Tony wasted no time reaching him. He stopped long enough to see the IV and the bandages on Steve, but he was still Steve and he was fine. He hoped.
“I’m surprised it hasn’t been already,” Sam said lowly, grunting a moment later. “These guys are either very incompetent or this is some sort of trap.”
Natasha took a seat next to him and let her head rest on his shoulder. “We have your back, Steve. You know that. Tony more than anyone. You guys will work it out and until then, Tony will still support you as a friend no matter what.”
“If I didn’t know any better, I’d think you guys were waiting impatiently nearby for these presents.” Tony sorted through the box of fabric. “I guess we can consider this an early Christmas present. Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night.”
Pepper’s eyes were determined, if not a little hesitant. “Please be safe,” she said, pulling him into a tight hug before running out, leaving Tony alone with a down Obadiah. The man was struggling toward his gun, Tony walked over calmly and kicked it to the corner.
Clint picked up again. “It’s obvious he’s head over heels for you. I don’t know the last time we saw him this happy, if ever.”
The genie flashed Tony with a brilliant smile then and reached out to grope Tony’s chest. “Now we’re even.”
The noise level alone was enough to drive a man mad, shouts of ‘Hail HYDRA’ making their way through the mix at random intervals.
Reaching toward the drawer for the lube and a condom caused Tony to whimper as he had to move away from him momentarily.
Steve settled back into his seat, closed his eyes and tried to count to ten lest he get up to shout at Tony some more.
Steve folded his arms over his chest, “See, I just don’t buy that. This whole people like you and people like me bullshit. If you ask me, I’d say I haven’t exactly given you much kindness since you’ve been here, haven’t given you much to base this opinion that I somehow deserve anymore than you or the next fella. We all make mistakes and we all have moments where we’re selfish, that’s not something you invented, no matter how much genius you got floating around in that big brain of yours, Tony.”
Steve ducked behind a downed table and wiped the sweat from his forehead. The blond patted at the pockets in his vest until he found and object about the size and weight of a pen and a pair of noise cancelling earplugs. “Buck! Bottom left pocket! Put them in now!”
Tony shrugged. “Wasn’t is the key word.” He started looking around, and Steve noticed just how jittery and panicked he actually looked once he paid attention. “I heard on the comm. Where’s Pepper?”
