“What else?”
So, a part of his brain – and not the upstairs one – decides Dean might as well go with it. Press into the tongue, grind his hips into the face of the man behind him to get more of this, of all that pleasure and,
“It seems you misunderstand,” Castiel hums out, his pleasure – mixed with the anticipation for Dean to slip up and make all of this even better – is too acute not to soften his words at least a bit, have him breathe a hitch heavier. “I have told you that you will make me come on nothing but your cock, sweet boy. And if you fail to do so and go against my explicit order not to come before me, there will be consequences. Because if you have not yet learned to hold back even though I told you to, then I will have to
“Everything,” Castiel promises, hot and wet right into one of Dean’s most vulnerable and intimate parts.
Dean can feel his hands stop wringing and the tension leave his body, and he sighs out and plants his lips against Castiel’s, just with that little more pressure, but still no heat. Castiel makes a quiet, approving sound and lets him, doing nothing more than bumping his forehead against Dean’s.
Dean can’t stop the small laugh bubbling out of his throat at these words, relief spilling over, and when he smiles at Cas, Cas is already smiling back at him. “Maybe next time.”
Because whenever the host cracks a joke, Castiel and Dean turn to look at the other to laugh and smile along and whenever something looks incredibly tasty, they look at each other with
That he can actually be a–
Castiel groans
Dean wants to rub up against him, but not even to chase any sexual gratification, just because he wants to be closer, as close as possible. Luckily, Castiel seems to feel much the same, because instead of remaining motionless in his position enough to tease, his mouth is quick to search for Dean’s, a rushed out, breathless “Dean” the only heads-up before their lips touch, are sealed in a kiss.
how it makes his butt cheeks jiggle and blush. “Nineteen!”
“Yes,” Castiel answers in a growl, kissing a line up Dean’s throat, not marking him still. “But not here. There’s too much open space and anyone could come by.”
“My reward,” Dean mumbles out, hoping that his words will be both loud and clear enough for Castiel to understand because somehow, he can’t muster up the energy to speak up. It might be because his body is hurting and everything inside of him should logically tell him to get away from the one responsible for that, the perpetrator, the one who brought him pain. Whereas what he actually feels is the need to have Castiel even closer, to have his hands on him until the end of time, covering his body and every aching part of him.
“I have a hotel room,” is Dean’s answer, and it’s more than he could have hoped for. The only times he went to a hotel were with some
it has to suffice, for this lifetime
“Huh?” The image of Castiel and Mr. Roche leaving Castiel’s office is flashing right before Dean’s eyes; Roche’s self-satisfied grin, Castiel’s flushed cheeks. Could there possibly have been more to this than meets the eye?
Castiel doesn’t have any time to stay and chat, though, because he has to give his report of the trip to Mr. Adler, of all people, and that – along with two other meetings – takes him the rest of the afternoon.
That leaves Dean silent for a minute. Not that he doesn’t think John couldn’t possibly track him down if he really needed to – but being in the databses with his real name and fingerprints would be bad, as being separated from Sammy, even for a short while. If they take Dean in now, who knows when John will be back. Who knows when Sammy will get something to eat next. No, he can’t allow this cop to fuck him over.
He pulls away from Dean as he feels his own kisses to grow headier while Dean’s stay the same, without heat or hurry, and places his forehead against his to calm himself. In careful measures, he inhales and exhales again, willing his body and heart to be satisfied with this merely level of physicality without urging for more.
“Yes,” Novak says, his eyes only flitting towards her before settling on Dean again. “I’ll have the usual. Dean?”
, who said he was longing for Dean, and if he was longing for Dean even a fraction of how much Dean longed for him, then it must have been unbearable.
Castiel remains quiet and relaxed beneath him, probably just as loosened by satisfaction and intimacy as Dean, and allows Dean to use his one hand however he sees fit, while with the other, he pets one of Dean’s thighs. So slowly that Dean wonders if he is even aware of it.
Dean wants to say ‘Black, no sugar’, just like he usually does, just like his dad does. But John is not here at the moment, won’t look down on him if he concedes that the pure taste of coffee is too bitter for him, that he prefers milk and as much sugar as possible, so much that it barely tastes like coffee anymore, but
“Cas?” Dean asks, softly, so much dread pooling in his guts that he’s unaware of shortening Castiel’s name and uncaring of whether he is even allowed to, too preoccupied is he by the man sitting there and looking dejected. Dean had hoped for maybe some more time until Castiel would realize that this would lead too nothing, that someone like him is far to good for the likes of Dean and that there are thousands of subs that are better behaved and better looking. Not that difficult, after all. Yeah, how Dean would have wished to be woken up by wandering hands and hungry kisses and the passion for one more roll in the hay.
’ll come home with
“Mmh?”
, then claiming,
And well, if that isn’t music to Dean’s ears.
The buzz of it all stays for a few moments – Dean doesn’t know how for long exactly. The same is true for that white fog that is blurring his mind and senses.
Dean can’t find it in him to care about that or even lose any thought on it, though. On how soft and pudgy his body must seem. Instead, his mind is pleasantly simple, the usual buzz of anxiety and doubts gone, replaced by nothing but the clear commands of ‘Don’t object to praise’ and ‘Don’t rub yourself all up against Cas’. He relishes the simplicity and straight lines of it all; the knowledge that everything will turn out fine and that he will be good if he just does what Castiel told him to. Nothing more, nothing less. Just listen to Castiel’s orders.
“Yes, that’s right.”
“Now, what have you been thinking about?”
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean breathes out. “I can be so good for you.”
Dean’s not sure if, just like the night before, discussing kinks is supposed to turn him on like this. At least yesterday, the feeling must have been pretty mutual, seeing as Castiel and him ended up playing out just what they discussed, but it seems unfitting now. Maybe because it’s morning or because Dean still feels a bit too raw to genuinely feel like being spanked nice and red already. He needs some time to go home and consider all of this in peace, probably. Nonetheless, all this talking turns him on in a probably more abstract way.
The third blow hits Dean’s right butt cheek and the fourth one his left. Dean almost whimpers in anticipation for the fifth, and then cries out in pleasure and pain alike as, just like he thought it would, the fifth blow does hit the sensitive valley where his ass cheeks meet, yet not quite his hole.
“No ID, neither federal nor from any school, no entry in our databases, not with your finger prints and especially not under a teenaged ‘Peter Campbell’, no contract for your phone number, no lawyer, no address, and no,” Officer Novak looks at him for a moment, his gaze unreadable and yet not as harsh as the way with which the other officers looked at him, “no emergency contact.”
“So you should understand why I care. Why I don’t want to ‘stop bothering’ with taking care of another lost sheep.” Castiel says, having no free hand to do air quotes, but hoping Dean will nonetheless understand him.
Castiel is not angry with Dean for this – maybe annoyed, but nothing more than that. Everyone has their issues, and so does Dean. Which is the reason for why he decides not to pursue the topic of Dean’s behaviour any further, but for them to move on. But he wants to move on in a way that surely has to do with the issue of Dean just spoke so unfairly about Castiel’s sweater and that Castiel, generally speaking, would want to see resolved. Though, what he intends to do right now is probably not so much ‘resolving’ as ‘exploiting’.
“Dean,” Cas says, so low that it could only be heard by Dean, only by someone as close as he is. “I mean every word of what I say.”
a war that might finally bring peace by having Castiel’s country take over the reign of the Winchesters’, making the population that is still worn from their last war want for nothing; and allowing his brother Michael to take as his spouse whoever he desires
“Mhmhmm,” is all Dean is able to reply, preferring instead to shuffle more into Castiel’s grip around him and to turn his head, so that his cheek is lying against the curve of Castiel’s neck and his temple at the bolt of his jaw.
“He might be. But less because of you as a person but you as my personal assistant. He has been at Sandover for almost thirty years and he is furious that I might be able to reach the position of the CEO in a few years instead of him. You are not the first of my assistants that he has tried to sabotage or intimidate, and unfortunately, he has succeeded with many.” Dean is sure that, had Castiel one hand free, he would use it to run it over his face. “You are different, though. Not just because you won’t cower, but also because your work is so good that, beyond irritating you by pointing out harmless mistakes, he couldn’t possibly take advantage of your results to harm either you or me. You are as good as untouchable for him.” He tucks a little strand of Dean’s hair behind his ear. “Which is why he is even more unpleasant to you.”
at least. Not the
“In that case, I want
Castiel’s fingers are tentative as he applies the lotion to a half-dozing Dean’s skin, nothing but dollops of aloe vera here and there, spread all over his butt with nothing but the ridge of Castiel’s thumb. No palms or prodding fingers, just the barest of touches, a hint of physical contact.
that it is okay. Because claiming Yellow during a scene is a whole different matter from throwing out a safeword or a code Red and cutting off the entire fun. If the Dom does cut it off.
“Thank you,” Castiel replies, and it sounds a bit relieved.
“Is this alright?” Castiel asks quietly as he guides Dean further onto the sofa, so that his back is pressed against the back of it and his thighs are resting on the leather, and as he settles himself up above Dean, straddling him, one knee pressing into the side of Dean’s thigh, the other stretched and allowing him to remain somewhat steady on the ground.
“Yes, sir,” Dean breathes on the edge of a moan.
“Okay then,” is all Dean replies to that, because what else is he even supposed to say? That he, in turn, won’t hurt Castiel? He already knows that this is not a thing that would ever happen – that it would be in fact almost impressive if he could even manage to do that. “What else have you got on your list?”
being done to him? This, the shame that wouldn’t keep clinging to him, was what used to make his mind sluggish and his legs weak and his eyes damp. It was what always came along with a drop, what led to it, and Dean knew, he just knew, that whenever something particularly debasing was done to him and especially when he couldn’t help but revel in it, he was bound to drop.
“I am absolutely serious about this, Dean.”
when their sessions last a bit longer -- much longer than they ever have with any previous partners --, and at some point, usually after his third orgasm, he also does not
She doesn’t thank him for telling her, but she hugs him as he leaves, pats his cheeks and tells him that she’ll love him no matter what. And that he shouldn’t tell John.
Dean laughs and beckons him closer, hands him a bunch of clothes that must be for Castiel to sleep in. “says the man who decided to stab his own brother with seemingly no reinforcements”
You are incredible,” he scatters sloppy kisses onto Dean’s neck, interrupting himself every so often with gasps of pleasure, each time he manages to push more of himself into Dean, “so relaxed for me, welcoming me inside.”
“I’m happy to hear that,” Castiel says, sounding like he means it, like he feels just as good as Dean does right now. “Then I will go and get your phone now.” He stands up from the sofa at last, the sheet falling off his body and treating Dean to the impossibly nice view of miles of skin and curves and muscles and that wild bush between his legs that Dean loves to think of whenever he sees Castiel in pressed shirts and pants, looking all prim and proper. Castiel remains still for a moment, letting his own gaze roam over Dean – as if he wasn’t still covered by the sheet – and only snapping back to his face once Dean speaks again.
Dean clenches around the hard length inside him as he feels him spill, wanting to make it good for Cas and also enjoying the ache that comes from clenching just a tad too tightly, right at the edge between pain and pleasure. As he does, Castiel speaks Dean’s name again upon a shudder, whispers it with such reverence that it almost sounds like a prayer.
“I’m sorry. That sounded patronizing.” Castiel sighs, and for a moment there, he looks so very human that it makes Dean both ache and long for him. Castiel rubs with both hands over his face, presses the balls of them into his sockets and then looks at Dean with clear, honest eyes. “I’m just afraid of hurting you. You are already very precious to me, almost strangely so, and I want give you whatever you want. But I feel like you haven’t been treated as you should have been in the past, and I just want to make sure that this won’t happen again. That
The potatoes have barely even hit the bottom of the cart when Dean decides, “Hey, I forgot something in the bread aisle”, awkwardly waves at Castiel and then in the direction of where the bread aisle may or may not be, and bolts.
“Oh yeah,
Dean smiled and shook his head, flustered; Cas’s nostalgic call-backs always hit him right in the heart.
Cas lunges again. Efram tries to force him back, to disarm him, anything, but Cas is better than him and they both know it; he wasn’t commander of his own squadron back in the day for nothing. This time Cas manages a deep plunge into Efram’s thigh. He drops to his knees, groaning in pain.
Jack pulled back and looked up at Dean with his best puppy-dog eyes. “Please?”
Carol clapped her hands over her mouth in a melodramatic gasp. “Oh! A husband of course! My bad! How long have you been married?” Carol said, frantically attempting to recover from her faux-pas.
“I mean, you were only miserable at first, I dunno what happened after that but you seem pretty chill about it now.” Sam shrugs. “What’s all this about anyway?”
“Your aim is very impressive too, Jo,” Cas adds with a smile.
“Good guess, but no. We will, in due time, but not us and not now. Kevin says that his piece of the tablet alludes to a way to seal every living demon in hell. We’d need the other half to do it, but we have no leads on that at present. What we
“I left that night in your room because- it was too much. I couldn’t stay in the room with you Dean because I-” Cas bites his tongue and ceases talking for a moment, swallowing his words. He’s clearly heating up and stressing out. “And I left the room earlier because I couldn’t- I wanted to-”
“My grace is recovering,” Cas says plainly. “I’ll heal you fully in a few hours.”
“So what, do I just wait?” Dean asks with a frown, unsatisfied.
“We could,” Cas says.
Castiel nods, unable to verbalise his thanks, if he even is thankful; he’s still not sure he wouldn’t be better off bleeding out on a hillside. But this man has showed him kindness, and so he will honour that kindness.
The odds of success are slim, certainly, but the consequences of trying are unlikely to outweigh the alternative. Thus, in a swift move, Dean draws his blade; a short hunting knife; and plunges it into the angel’s chest, right where his heart would be were he human.
Dean doesn’t even look at him while he talks, just stares up at the ceiling waiting for him to leave. Dean’s second visitor is Castiel, who sits down in the adjacent armchair and doesn’t say anything, not at first. He just sits there with Dean, giving him the space to make the first move.
He actually curls his fingers into air quotes as he talks, and Dean dies a little on the inside. He already knew that Castiel is a huge dork, of course, from months of working and eating lunch together, but the contrast between the guy who ate him out and spanked him just last night because he dared move without his permission and between this grumpy, air-quote guy is so stark, it’s almost ridiculous.
— would not even abandon someone like him if he were to wander down to the Red House and service sacredly.)
When he’s finally done and loosened the tie around every sensitive spot on Dean’s neck, Castiel doesn’t hesitate to open the last of the buttons on Dean’s dress shirt, the two ones right on top that were obstructed before. Now, it’s child’s play with the necktie not snug and possessive around Dean’s neck anymore, which is why it takes Castiel almost no time at all to move beyond that as well. For him to finally push Dean’s shirt up and away, the fabric that uncovers his skin inch by inch immediately followed by the warmth of his hands, by long fingers that and big palms that glide over his freckles and nipples and gently tug at Dean’s wrists to pull the shirt all the way up, to leave Dean’s torso completely bare to Castiel’s gaze.
Dean almost drops the necktie with how the urgent tremor that seizes his hands as soon as he realizes what this, the lack of a label has to mean; because he works will all kinds of people, with the richest of the rich, with those who would never buy anything worn by anyone else, with those that only accept what was not meant for them and to appease them, with those that would scoff at Armani, Gucci and the like because they can do
all he knows is that they end up stumbling through the bushes, Dean leading him by his hand as though he was the one to have grown up here, as if this was his land indeed, and Castiel can do nothing but follow him, like a sheep, like a moth
Dean might be easier than he thought, because it takes no more than Castiel berating the use of ‘fuck’ and ‘fucking’ to have his cheeks blush and his nipples perk up. If Castiel ever began to talk as dirty to Dean as he would like him to, chances are that Dean would just come right on the spot, no further stimulation needed. That is how pathetically bad he has it for Cas.
But that started at least five minutes ago, and as far as Dean’s experience goes, this is about the time most guys come down from their highs and get a grip of themselves again, which usually includes patting their sex partners on the shoulder and trying to discreetly get away from them. Back when Dean was still in the scene, he often didn’t even get that, or an orgasm. As soon as his Doms were done – coming on his face or inside him or wherever they damn well pleased –, the whole scene was done. No matter if the same was true for Dean.
The only bright spots were those times when they had a few minutes to themselves. During a break that they didn’t have to share with colleagues or partners or when they finished work at the same time and managed to squeeze in a tired little chat. And not just about anything, and that was the weird thing; because Castiel didn’t just pretend that their date and arrangement from the week before didn’t happen. That they were just boss and assistant by day and soon-to-be play partners by night. He didn’t purposely ignore Dean or shy away from his glances or anything. No, he smiled at Dean whenever he caught him looking and he touched Dean just like he did before, gave him little compliments and words of encouragement. He asked Dean about his day and his plans after work and he assured him time and time again that, should he have changed his mind, it would have been alright and that they would work it out.
"You know that I would be alright with it, aren’t you? That I would want you to," Cas says, in his deep voice, and Dean didn’t think his face could burn any more, but here he is, flushing and staring at Cas with wide eyes, because
doesn’t want to. Maybe Cas feels that, his dilemma that actually isn’t so much a dilemma as Dean not allowing himself stuff, despite craving them with everything he has.
by him, as well as by an entirely too honest, dangerous,
“Do you want a coffee as well?” Castiel asks, his words slow and sluggish and still directed towards the coffee maker. “Ah, or should kids your age not drink coffee?”
Jo trudges in not long after Dean first regains consciousness. She’s already dressed, but still rubbing her eyes and yawning from sleep. “Cas,” she says, her voice rough in the morning. “You didn’t wake me for my shift.”
Just a man, ‘nobody’, or so he says. Yet in just a few fleeting encounters his effect on Castiel has been profound. It’s not that Castiel has never questioned his duties before— he’s been reprimanded many a time for hesitation, and deviation from orders. Yet in all that time his choices had never lead him so close to failure, to death.
Dean scrambles into bed proper, face pressed into the pillow in a mildly inebriated exhaustion. He lazily pats the other side of the bed. “You getting in then?”
The question, asked with a biting bluntness, cut deep. In a literal sense, he was happy to do it. His happiness was
“So, uh, you know how you were super mad about me trying to get into the citadel?”
Meg gave a soft sad smile as Cas finally looked up at her. “Isn’t that the same thing?” she said plainly.
“That sounds a little harsh,” Sam says, skeptical.
Castiel says it so calmly, so matter-of-fact but Dean’s heart breaks for him, for this miserable existence that is all he thinks he deserves. “So… after all that time trapped at that fucking wall, you get out just to end up trapped in some fucking cave somewhere?” Dean throws his head back, as if gravity could keep the emotion down. “You should have just fucking killed me the first time you ever saw me. Woulda been better off.”
“I am an angel, I cannot be bought with trinkets— or fiction books.” Castiel protests.
“Dean, I was wondering where you’d got to.”
“He’s been glaring at us for some time. I believe he’s bothered by,” Cas gestures between the two of them. “Us.”
Dean runs a finger across a line of books. “Why, you wanna get something for your new knife throwing instructor? A little inappropriate, don’t you think? The whole student-teacher thing?”
Castiel raises his eyebrows, incredulous. “Alright then.” He draws his blade and holds it in his open palm. “Try this.” Castiel spins the blade in a choreographed movement, fluid and simple like it’s second nature. He hands Dean his blade, a marked display of trust which hardly seems to faze either party. “Your turn.”
All of it though, no matter how beautiful and breathtaking, cannot seem to get Castiel’s feather’s to flare quite like a visit from his own personal nuisance. It’s a depth of emotion he’s never felt before— frustration mostly, with a little intrigue— it’s thrilling.
that I’m willing to risk it.”
Cas then takes him by the shoulder and flips Dean on his back in a manoeuvre he’d demonstrated the other night. The difference this time is that he allows himself to kiss Dean softly, passionately, desperately.
Everyone turns to attention, perking up and waking their tired eyes.
“Azrael,” a voice calls from behind. Azrael steps back and after a moment more, he walks away without another word over to the grey-winged angel who had beckoned him over.
Dean just glares at Sam, working his jaw and not bothering to formulate a response. He walks out and head for the showers to try and wash this fucking morning off of him.
“Is that… an angel?” Bobby asks, slow and cautious, eyeing Castiel up and down, eyes lingering on the wings folded at his back.
“Of course,” Cas says, addressing Jo cooly. “There’s nothing we can do about their strength or speed, but I can ward you. That way they won’t be able to see you coming unless they actually
Dean swallows. “So things are getting pretty serious then, huh?”
evil.”
“Eloquent,” Cas says, flat. “I think,” he begins slowly, a sly smile curving his lip up on one side. “That you’re just uncomfortable with the idea of people thinking that you’re in a relationship with another man. Any man.”
They step out the car to meet Sam, who’s walking over brandishing to sets of keys. “You and Cas are in 7, I’m in 8.”
Castiel shakes his head and sucks in a breath. “I’ve made things so much worse, Dean,” he says, voice shaky with guilt and panic. “I betrayed my brothers openly. There’ll be infinitely more attention on the two of you now.”
. And you think he doesn’t love you? You seriously can’t recognise what it’s like to be loved by somebody? God, must be nice. To even have someone who cares about you so much to keep coming back for you. You know all this time I’ve been here knowing that this is it for me because nobody cares about me like that.”
“Azrael, Loriel, stop,” Castiel demands, forceful and breathy as he pants, red-faced, in the doorway. “Let them go.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean moves through his morning routine, sitting in the kitchen as Sam trudges in. “Hey,” Sam says, airy as he places the back of his hand the kettle, testing its warmth.
“I got no idea,” Dean shrugs. “You’re the future me, shouldn’t
Dean’s largely still taking up jobs by himself even a few weeks after Sam’s miracle healing. He presses on the excuse that Sam’s still recovering, but as Sam regains his strength; the colour returned to his skin, his energy enviably bountiful; it’s becoming a less and less convincing argument. Plus, even though Dean would always put his brother’s wellbeing first, he must admit that he’d be incredibly grateful for the help— some things really are a two-man job and just having another earner in the house to put food on the table would be great. And on that note, Dean is
“Oh my god,” Sam breathes.
“You should start believing, Dean,” Cas said, his other hand placed gently over Dean’s. “Good things do happen.”
“Wow,” Carol laughed awkwardly. “You got married after three months; that’s so fast!”
him.”
He’s tossed onto the grass through the very side-gate where he served his last penance for his disobedience. This is another level. He’s been disavowed to the highest degree, lying here on the grass, the raw wounds at his back still seeping blood into his clothes and down into the grass.
“Do I?” Dean asks, looking over at his hand without pulling it out of Cas’ grasp, and spotting the small gash. God knows how he hadn’t felt that. “You gunna heal it? Or anything else? I’m suffering here.”
“What’s this for?” Cas asked.
“Guilty,” Castiel states.
“Alright, Sam, jeez,” Dean snips, failing not to be ticked off at Sam’s patronising sentiment. “Yeah, it’s all good. I’m not gunna get myself killed just for some dick.”
Victor cuts him off with a pat on the shoulder and a, “Yeah, sure.” He allows Cas to step back, and pulls the angel’s body out of the bushes. He makes quick work of marking him with the wards, then he and Dean throw the body back into the cover of the bushes
Sam, leaning against his desk, nods slowly, a perplexed expression stuck on his face. His brother’s much more tuned in to Cas’ various unspoken idiosyncrasies. “Do, uh, do
Dean chuckled before pulling Cas’s face toward his. Cas pushed his lips against Dean’s, hands gripping Dean’s shirt tight. He broke the kiss only to say,
No sooner than he had uttered his final goodbye did the angel Castiel find himself enveloped in darkness. In every cardinal direction and more there was empty. The only thing he could see were his own limbs, illuminated by some directionless yet omnipresent light source. The elation he had felt just moments ago had faded fast as Cas was left only with the echoing consequences of his loving sacrifice, feeling like a fitting bookend on a life lived in service of others.
“Are you sure you’re not the one being childish?” Jo shoots back. “I’m doing my job.”
“Cas, it’s okay, you can do it, I forgive you,” Dean offers through a split lip. Castiel raises his bladed hand at the beginning of a strike, hand held high in view of the court. “Cas—”
Cas’ face contorted into a frown as he came to. “Jack, what are you doing?” he grumbled.
, Dean thinks as, unseen by his teammates, he rolls his eyes. He pushes himself up and swings his legs over the side of the couch. By the time he’s up and about, Victor’s done with breakfast and it’s all laid out on the table. Dean could certainly get used to this close-knit team structure where even the team leader participates in the busy work— it’s refreshing.
So he’s decided; out. Dean slips into his shoes by the side of the sofa and slips towards the door to grab his coat and turn tail. He figures he can borrow the Impala, which is a double plus because it makes it harder for old-man Dean to follow him.
” Sam says, taking a small sip. “But she’s staying in town a few days and she wants to meet up again…”
There’s a gate. Not a tall, magnificent, grand gateway, but instead a small side gate, tucked into a recess in the stone. Through the shrubbery, a single sentry can be seen standing guard. His tan, muscular form is stiff and formal, his blue eyes piercing though the air, vigilant. A short and sharp silver blade sits on the brown leather belt that draws in the sentry’s white robes in the middle. On his back sit a pair of black feathered wings, an iridescence to them, like an oil-slick catching the light.
“I’ll be fine,” Cas insists.
“Hmm,” Cas pauses in thought, hopefully not about Dean’s ass, but who can tell. “I disagree on that one. It’s not inherently sexual or romantic, I think it should be allowed.”
Dean pulls a face, but starts looking around the shop, scouring his brain for anything Cas might have hinted at liking.
Meg’s face had contorted into a shocked confusion. “Okay, I changed my mind. Give me the short version.”
He flops over to check the display on the clock by his bed. Fuck, okay, no wonder he’s alone. It’s 2pm. A little late for breakfast traditionally, but Dean’s lifestyle is anything but traditional. That’s what he tells himself when he rolls groggily into the kitchen at 2:30 (because it took about half an hour to will himself out of bed). He finds Sam there. Having lunch. Yep.
Sam offers a weak smile before turning to ask Dean in earnest, “Are you good, man?”
Both men pass they eyes to Jo. She shrugs. “You know what? I’m not gunna say no to sleeping away from all you smelly guys.”
“Will you just come, please?” he asks, catching his breath.
Castiel ambles over to the desk. There are several empty whiskey bottles strewn around the edges, even spilling over onto the floor by the side. But in the centre of the desk there is a pile of papers. Castiel, to his shame, doesn’t recognise the script, but after a quick skim, he very quickly comes to realise that they’re letters, authored by Sam and Dean.
“Okay, I thought so,” Dean nods, solemn, but not quite sad. “I mean he’d have to be for any of this to happen, for either us to… be ourselves.” Dean instantly grimaces at his own words, still thankful he hadn’t said the first thing that had come to mind, which was
“You said you didn’t care,” Cas replies, voice flat and bored. “There was nothing else to do. You scratch your ass a lot at night.”
“I would kiss you goodbye but I think I might fall over if I tried,” Dean says, face tensed in the concentration of staying upright.
Dean shrugs. “Hell if I know. Not like anyone ever tells us big picture shit, they just point as at some omens and say ‘go deal with that’.”
“’S good when you’re drinking it,” Dean mumbles. “Not s’much after…”
“You pray.”
“Hello Dean,” Castiel says dryly. “I was wondering when you’d come back.”
Dean’s hands go exploring over Castiel’s body, pawing at his hips, cupping his sharp jaw, slipping around his shoulders and finding his fingers mixed into a soft bed of feathers. Castiel twitches and Dean pulls back. “Is that alright?” he asks, naturally unsure in this new territory.
“Well, who’re you angry at?”
Cas sighs. “I can’t promise anything, but I certainly don’t plan on going anywhere,” he assures, placing a tentative hand on Dean’s arm.
Dean nods and presses his lips together. He tries to smile. “That’s good right?”
Jo frowns. “Why aren’t you? Dude has the most confirmed angel
Dean turns his head slowly to give Sam a dirty look. “Tch, wash it yourself.”
Cas won’t face him. “What I had to,” he states cooly.
brother. You should do it.”
Dean can only look on in a wordless panic. Fight or flight is nowhere to be found as Dean completely shuts off. His mind isn’t reeling, it’s frozen in place like a computer crash. He cannot even process the motion of his evil twin pulling a flask from his pocket and dousing him in water until it’s already happened.
Sam’s head pushes forward and his face screws up, eyes searching the room for what the hell he’s missing. “You got caught by an angel sneaking around outside the citadel… and you’re here telling me about it?”
“Gross,” Sam says with a nod. “I just lost mine.”
“What do you know of the angel tablet?” Cas repeats.
Dean sucks in a breath. “Strong words,” he says with raised eyebrows. “I don’t know, maybe I’m sentimental,” he picks up one shirt with a large tear in it’s sleeve. “Wore this one on a few good hunts, was kind of a lucky shirt I guess. Can’t wear it now, but- I don’t know, doesn’t feel right to bin it.”
Cas frowned with loving concern. One strange aspect, of many, in their relationship was just how romantic the ordinary really was for them. Every romantic trope, every milestone, for them was like a miracle when for so long they’d been forced apart and boxed in to rigid roles; soldiers, killers, martyrs. But these four walls surrounded the two of them like a warm embrace.
“You don’t have to do that, Dean. I didn’t help you with an expectation of… gifts.”
“How are you feeling?”
So Dean goes for a cold shower. It’s more of a wash than a shower since drenching one’s entire body in cold water is not particularly appealing even in the summer months. After he’s done, he emerges feeling refreshed, finding Victor alone at the kitchen table poring over maps and reports.
“If you wanted to go to a restaurant,” Dean began, taking a second to swallow down his worry. “I would go.”
As Dean shuffles at the realization of how they are lying, bare skin against bare skin and safe in their embrace, their crotches pressed softly and with no further intention against one another, Castiel sleepily blinks his eyes open. He seems just as confused as Dean for a moment there, but as soon as he moves his hand and probably feels Dean’s naked skin beneath his palm, a slow smile grows all over his haze. And then, he starts to look a little sheepish.
Yet, Castiel just smiles ever so slightly and doesn’t say anything about Dean’s wording or his request in general. Instead, he slowly moves closer, puts one hand on Dean’s knee and lets it rest there, while with the other hand, he reaches higher. He gently thumbs along the line of Dean’s throat, encircled by a stale gray necktie, and then puts his flat and open palm onto the side of his neck, covering a thrilling part of it with ease. It stays there only for long enough for the warmth of the other to seep through, for their skin to have reached the same temperature, and then slowly strokes upwards, coming to cup Dean’s cheek.
"Dean," Castiel sighs, and there is disappointment in there, and cold anger. Though Dean dares to assume by now that this anger is not directed at him. "Because becoming the mate of a god is only befitting for someone as strong and beautiful and pure as you are. I know that you do not see, that you do not recognize it for yourself." He pauses and draws back enough for Dean to catch sight of the honesty in his face, the adoration in his features. "But if you allow me to, I
It is so beautiful and pure, rich and radiant in its colour, in a way that Castiel hasn’t come to see in a long time, ever since he has raised the frayed and torn and yet vibrant soul of one Righteous Man from Hell, healed the remains of his flesh and his wailing soul and then returned him into his rightful and flawless body.
Castiel is to him.
“But not the ‘always’ part.”
Dean’s almost instantly flaming red, and he knows without seeing because his cheeks burn, though not the ones he would like to burn, given the topic. “Oh, yeah, that– that too. Absolutely.” Is this Castiel’s idea of smalltalk? Or just another opener for more stuff? For going further, perhaps. The man might have some plans already.
“Dean?” Castiel asks. “Do you think you can do this for me?”
“What the hell?” Dean says dangerously, anger still blazing in his eyes. He must have been full of rage and compassion for the last half an hour, had it building up more and more with every minute that he had to wait for Castiel, ever since he had received the contract and sent an urgent message to Castiel, telling him to come immediately. After all, firing people has always been something Dean has loathed to do, Castiel knows. Something that makes Dean’s heart ache and bleed, for the fired people and their families alike.
It takes them a little over a half an hour to get themselves and their tasks together, and then they are finally done for the day, all dressed up and ready to go.
“Stay still, Dean,” Castiel actually
Sensing his chance to re-install harmony, Castiel softly recommends, “Maybe you should go talk to your brother.”
“What do you think?”
Cas and Dean are going through their kink list. They decide on a Yes for hand-feeding and roleplaying, whereas food play is not really discussed (but Dean thinks about it), and stuffing, weight gain and consensual roleplay of a non-consensual situation are being dismissed. It is hinted at that there might be a follow-up to weight gain. Dean reacts with anxiety to the discussion of the non-con roleplay and needs some comfort.
What Castiel probably should have expected was the gentle hand suddenly cradling his face. He should have known that Dean wouldn’t let even a minute pass before he would pull him up against his chest, folding him into his warm embrace, because he always does this. Always holds Castiel like he needs him to, shushes and soothes him, and makes him feel good about himself and about
Castiel blows out a long, slow breath, and then opens his eyes again, although he does not even recall closing them. From beneath him, Dean is already looking back at him, his own gaze not quite as half-lidded as before, yet still far from fully awake. Maybe it is because of all the food and drinks he consumed today that he seems only semi-conscious still.
“You know what that means, don’t you?” Castiel breathes against Dean’s lips. “Do you remember what I promised you before we began?”
“Sixteen!”
It’s a good thing Castiel has already proven that he is harmless and wouldn’t take advantage of Dean, even when the circumstances would more than just allow but downright call for it, because this… this guy is a
By this point, Dean is already half out of his seats, both their bodies angrily turned towards each other, Dean’s ready to pounce, Officer Novak’s fighting to remain relaxed, although and their hands are as loud and wild as their voices.
for the other. Because despite his embarrassment, Dean still can’t help but wish he were allowed to press his cock against the palm of Castiel’s hand, grinding into it, maybe getting himself off like this, like a little slut who just needs to rub against some man’s hand to get the inside of his pants sticky. Maybe that’s what Castiel is hoping for, despite their plan.
“The necktie did and does possess connotations of a collar, in a sense.” There’s less heat to the topic now, more of a fondness to what Castiel says and how he looks at him, and it thrills Dean just as much as their almost-touch did. “But more than a collar was it an offer and, most importantly, genuinely a present. You really did deserve a reward for how much you helped me. Without you, I never would have been able to close the deal.” He nods to himself. “Besides, I wouldn’t dare to assume that someone like you would deserve a collar that is made so simple and that has been given without your explicit permission.” He leans forward, and there’s something hungry in his eyes, despite how filling half of his burger must have been. His voice is low and raspy, like a promise that should only ever be uttered between the sheets. “Should I ever be allowed to collar you, I would do so properly and because both of us would want it. Because I would have earned to do so, not because I would have snuck a claim, dressed up as a gift, around your neck.”
Castiel says them. If he is kind, then it is because he thinks Dean deserves it. And yeah, he wants to believe. Wants to feel about himself the way Castiel talks about him.
Dean wants to give him what he wants, even more of his taste, of whatever his Dom could possibly want to taste and touch and feel of him.
What he gets instead is unexpected, though no less heady in its own way. For Dean does not delve into his seduction routine and stir their conversation in the best way he knows how. No, he tightens his grip around Castiel’s waist with no heat behind it and nuzzles his nose against his cheek, of all things, doing nothing more heathen than hug him.
It’s inconceivable, but the only possible truth. Every thread of this necktie was dyed and woven just for Dean, was made with him in mind, with the idea of him behind it, only brought into existence because it was meant for him, and that makes it something that belongs entirely to Dean, something
Yes, it is and was and will always be about love and peace, and finding home.
“Yes,” Castiel says, voice dipping lower again, almost dangerously so, “because I do recall that you asked me not to use ‘penetrate’ and exchange it with ‘fuck’ instead, but I today am even farther from ‘fucking you’ than I am any other day -- from ‘making love to you’ as well, for that matter, which, as you know, is the expression that I prefer. But what I am doing right now is merely to penetrate you, so I will call it accordingly.”
that he’s just been taken by surprise. He is completely cool with it,
When Castiel puts down his pen to look all over the list again, probably skimming it for things they have already done or that Castiel himself would never want to do, Dean can’t help but swallow heavily. The wet click of it must be loud enough in the room, in this close proximity of theirs, for Castiel to hear it and look up. He immediately looks concerned.
Both their bellies stick together like this, and who would have seen it coming that Castiel James Novak was a cuddler? Just a few moments after coming all over Dean and running his fingers through the mess on his tummy, he collapsed on top of him, drew Dean into an embrace that covered his whole body and started kissing his neck. But none of those I-want-you-kisses from before, more like… thank-you-kisses maybe? It’s strange to think that, but with how sweet and soft they are, almost more breaths than kisses, they might as well be.
he’s told them to call him – says as he puts on new linen on the queen sized mattress, but his words sound almost like a question to Dean. Or more like, a question about there being even a question about this.
“That is correct.” Castiel still doesn’t seem satisfied, though. Maybe Dean didn’t deliver what he read too well. “What does your Aftercare usually include, Dean? I want to make sure you feel as good and comfortable as possible. Knowing your routine as well as mine would make it easier to combine them and to make sure both of us receive what we need.”
Castiel’s hips jerk into Dean’s, igniting his spine and moving his free hand, letting it dig into Castiel’s shoulder, to ground himself, to get a proper grip, to let Dean thrust up against him in kind, hard cock against hard cock, cotton their only barrier.
the thought of all this is what forces Castiel’s hand, what has him hesitate no more. Michael, who would never doubt the child he groomed into what Castiel was before, before the war, before
Things continue similarly the next day, when they go on a date in the small, run-down town cinema and Dean buys neither popcorn nor nachos, whereas Cas has a whole assortment of sweets in his lap. Dean tries to lie about having had a big meal beforehand, but five minutes into the movie, his endlessly grumbling tummy exposes him. Of course, Cas offers him his sweets and to maybe go outside to buy something else for him, but Dean declines with a smile. It’s adorable how thoughtful Cas is, but at the same time, it’s difficult for Dean to remain strong and to not kiss the sugarsweet taste right out of his mouth. For declining again, Cas gives him a look Dean can’t really decipher, but that makes him blush nonetheless. Alright, he simply doesn’t want Cas to know that he’s dieting, because admitting to that would be drawing attention to how chubby and undesirable he still is right now, and he’d rather Cas not notice.
The bedroom looks just as messy and used as they have left it. The night before, neither of them could have been bothered to care where the bedspread or the superfluous pillows, put there by Castiel’s housekeeper, landed. All they did was yank the covers up, snuggle in under them together, share Castiel’s big memory foam pillow, then fall asleep with Castiel’s arm hung loosely around Dean and Dean’s back resting against his chest.
“Would you like to tell me what you liked about last night, then?”
Castiel’s arms are slung around Dean’s shoulders before he has even made the conscious decision to do so. Simple kisses would not suffice; he needs to be as close to him as is possible, as close as he can get aside from entering him, which he could not do right now.
“Mmh.”
“Cas?” Dean asks in a rough voice, his eyes flitting from the ground to Castiel’s eyes to his hand on his shoulder, licking his lips.
“Five,” Dean whimpers out as his fingers scramble over the sofa first, furtively trying to hold onto its cover or anything else that could dig his fingers into. There’s nothing there, though, not with only the sofa and the throw-pillows and not even the robe, yet what there is is--
fail to take proper care of my submissive. Making sure you feel good after a scene is as part of my job as making you feel good during it. Which doesn’t just include the immediate Aftercare, but also the long-term sort.”
And it’s at that that Dean understands and snaps his mouth shut, gets a grip of himself and lowers his gaze, ashamed.
Weirdly enough, this simple turn of phrase is what feels even filthier than Castiel suggesting that he essentially wants to balance Dean while squatting and going down on him. It also has Dean’s cock twitch and stiffen up again, after it has been wilted into nothing but a mere chubby under Dean’s nerves and the lack of attention.
does this feel nice. He has been blown before in his life, of course, but the gusto with which Castiel applies himself to the task and the sudden tightness of his throat come as a shock.
Castiel tilts his head to the side and regards him with a calm gaze and the hint of a smile. Somewhere beneath the blanket, fluttering up and down Dean’s sides, are Castiel’s hands. “Oh? I’m certain I have mentioned this before.”
“A Yes,” Dean clarifies, blushing.
“Yes, Dean?”
“Shh, Dean,” Castiel whispers, stroking the back of Dean’s head and sliding a thick finger, probably his thumb, between Dean’s butt cheeks, in order to do nothing more than rub it back and forth over his dry hole. “Everything is fine and you are so perfect for me. I will show you just how perfect, in fact, if we complete your challenge and if I will give your outstanding blows. Do you want that, sweet boy? Do you want to show both of us how good you can be?”
Castiel graces him with a soft little smile for that and with his fingers keeping up their little dance against Dean’s neck. It has Dean shivering in a delicate sort of pleasure. “Maybe I should have given you more neckties. A whole array of them, so that you have enough to wear a different one each day.”
But it’s only a matter of seconds until Castiel returns to him, and with him his warmth and a little lamp above the couch that Castiel lights with familiar fingers, bathing their little part of the office at least in a golden glow.
Out of a necessity Dean really has forgotten about (along with his own name and which country he lives in), he and Cas share a bathtub.
All of Dean’s thoughts come to a screeching halt at that. What? “No, that’s–” He frowns. “I know what dropping feels like, and this isn’t it. It would be not getting out of bed, being disgusted with myself and hurting all over for no reason and y’know. Just wondering why anyone would want so much at look at me, let alone touch me. Feeling all kinds of bad and crying and whatever. Not just
“The fuck would you know about what I want for myself? There’s much worse shit that could happen to me, has–… this is nothing. Nothing at all. And if you fucking po-po had anything better to do than snatching people who’re just tryin’ to make a living, you’d know that. Catch the rapists and pedophiles and all those fuckers. Not the damn whores!”
Nothing else happens. No prying questions, no yelling about Dean just helping himself without given explicit permission to do so immediately beforehand.
and when he lays eyes on him again, two days later, Castiel knows that it would suffice for a hundred lifetimes. because even broken and weathered, Dean is beyond beautiful in his robes, easily outshines everyone in the feasting halls without so much as lifting his green eyes, without sitting with his back straight and his body and face presented to the masses of curious onlookers, all pretending to eat and not to stare. not to take in the lamb that will be slaughtered soon enough, will be dead despite being alive, same as his country, by the time this evening is through. because the priest is already present, sitting close to Michael at the large table, just waiting to be called upon, to close the deed he has come to close
of all things, if one of his shabby employees couldn’t properly appreciate his fine present. It wouldn’t make sense. A sub who would reject a Dom might fear that though, might be more afraid to hurt and disappoint than to invoke anger. “I honestly do like it. It, uhm, it feels nice. Really nice.”
He is too far gone already, and Castiel knows it.
What Dean does instead is let those beautiful green eyes flutter closed on a shaky exhale, a sign of trust, though not necessarily submission, and then open them again to take a long, appraising look at Castiel.
the plan is for Michael to act angered and insulted by the sudden and dubious lack of a husband and for him to officially declare his distrust and make their people claim a war
“Wha– hey, no, it’s fine. Thank you, but I’m used to it. It’s no problem, I swear. I mean, if I mess up, it’s good if there’s someone to tell me, so that I can improve and. Yeah.”
“That sounds like a lot of work.”
Dean’s vision is swimming, and yet he sticks out his butt even more, hopefully revealing the little bud between his cheeks as if he wanted it to be hit again, offering up all of him and whatever Castiel could use for his perusal, for him to spank and mark up however he pleases.
Dean doesn’t even feel himself deflating, not really. From one moment to the next, all the fear and anger and frustration is leaving his body, washed away by the words of the officer, still ringing loud and clear in his head.
“Can’t we go into your office? We both know you can lock it and close the blinds, and no one will be able to see. It’ll be
It is rather useful that Castiel explains this before he acts because like this, Dean has all the time in the world to consider what Castiel just said and to nod. Only then does Castiel heave him up into his arms, which would surely have given Dean a heart attack had he not been forewarned. It still makes him yelp, because it’s not every day that he has Castiel Novak wrapping his arms around him, giving him one last little kiss to his neck and practically dragging him with him. Backwards from Castiel’s point of view, forwards from Dean’s, stumbling over the edge of the sofa and onto the ground, which the soles of Castiel’s feet hit first, followed by his butt probably and by the soles of Dean’s feet, too, what with the way they immediately dangle down from where they were pressed around Castiel’s hips in shock.
Dean’s eyes flutter closed at that, in that content and fulfilled way they used to only ever do once the two of them had found their pleasure in each other, especially so at the beginning of their relationship, when Dean seldom allowed himself any display of vulnerability or honest emotion. But, it happens frequently now. The sight of which never fails to elicit a sense of deep satisfaction within Castiel, and he simply has to lower himself to his knees to reach even better Dean and kiss him again.
– that strongly.”
, with a helpless, a heartfelt cry.
Dean presses his lips into a tight line before he answers and looks off to the side. “Green.”
Dean can feel his heart rate pick up a bit at that. He has never before had someone ask him to feed him or anything, especially not in a
“And once you have come and are as sated as I want you to be, I wish to,” he stops himself there, takes a shuddering breath, and Dean has absolutely no clue whether it’s because Castiel has to take a moment for himself too or because he hesitates. Because his next wish is spoken right against the shell of Dean’s ear, warm and wanting, but maybe a little unsure, “I wish to press you down into the mattress with one hand, while with the other, I bring myself off. I don’t want you to do anything but lie there and enjoy your pretty afterglow while I come all over your belly. While I mark you up with my come and rub it into your skin and make you even more beauti–
“This wasn’t your fault, and you helped me clean up my me– mistakes.” He gently grinds down a couple of times on Castiel’s cock, not to arouse him but to drive a few pleasant sparks throughout his body and to show him that he means what he says and that they otherwise wouldn’t have ended up in the position they are in now. “But do you mean that? That he is kinda, uhm, out to get me?”
“Then what are you?” Castiel prods, calm and not even meant as a turn-on or anything of the sort, but just that for Dean nonetheless.
His bared teeth seem barely more than an idle threat; something seen too often to be taken seriously anymore. Even more so when there are still images of a different, more delicate nature clinging to the sight of those teeth: them nipping at Castiel’s fingers as a plea, them sinking into Dean’s bottom lip as he tries to keep his lovely sounds in, them hidden from view and carefully tucked away as Dean takes Castiel’s cock into his mouth, swallowing him down right to the knot and with little finesse.
“Yellow,” Dean answers, honest before he can think too much on it. Because Yellow is not Red. It’s not telling Castiel off or denying Castiel his pleasure -- it’s just asking him to slow down a bit or take a different approach. Dean is sure that Castiel won’t think him a bad sub for this or that he won’t listen to what he wants to be changed. It’s okay to do this, he tells himself. He
“But aren’t I greedy and deserve punishment?” Dean asks with a warm breath against Castiel’s cheek, his lips wandering higher. He presses a little kiss to the corner of Castiel’s mouth, just that one. “Don’t you want to give to me what I deserve?”
Then again, all of this is strange so far: how they came to be like this, how Castiel behaves around him, what he says. But Dean tries not to give too much thought to what Castiel says, realizing that this must be Castiel’s style of Dominating someone as much as his natural disposition to be fond of praising other people; Dean specifically. Because Dean may believe him if he tells him that he has done a good job when they have sacked a deal or made enough profit, but to hear him practically gush about Dean’s more-than-average body and whatever else is simply… ridiculous. It’s over-the-top, as nice as it is. And Dean likes to listen to it, to pretend it’s true and just for him, but whenever Castiel lays it on too thick, it simply becomes unbelievable. Because that’s not how Dean is. Not beautiful or wonderful or
“Eleven!” Dean cries out as he cries for real, tasting the salt of his tears but not the bitter taste of the pain that he is so used to swallow. He is nothing but stings and slaps and screams and pure fucking rapture, and if he wasn’t so busy with sobbing and choking on his own spit already, he might laugh.
“I believe I have not been the only one who has had enough to do this week.” Castiel puts down his briefcase slowly and then steps around Dean’s desk with that same kind of deliberate movement. He approaches Dean with a sigh and with his arms remaining steadfast by his side, and with his voice all the gentler for it. “In fact, I am convinced that you have done much more than me or anyone else here this last week. All of this while looking as though in turmoil.”
Instead, he puts his right hand on his neck, right where Dean’s pulse must be jumping in arousal and anxiety, and caresses it, his gaze thoughtfully remaining on the tie. And then the warmth of his open palm leaves Dean, only a finger still in contact with his skin, and with it, Castiel traces the silk-clad skin, the tip of his finger dipping just beneath the fabric that feels tighter and tighter with each heavy swallow, and then he reaches the knot.
Dean’s still trying to properly process how casual and natural Castiel sounds when he speaks about how they will actually stay together and move away, all three of them, as if it’s something that’s already set in stone and decided, no question about it, although they only talked to the child care lady maybe two hours ago. But what leads his thoughts astray is what else Castiel says, a word that catches his attention. One he’s grown familiar with.
As Castiel leaves yet another possessive mark, making use of his teeth too, Dean desperately grips backwards with one hand, using the other to brace himself against the mattress, searching for something to hold onto. He catches Castiel’s hand so easily that he wonders if Castiel has seen him do so or been reaching for his hand, too. Either way, as soon as their fingers are intertwined, Dean draws their combined hands back towards himself, pressing them against the sweaty skin of his chest, beneath which he can feel his the rapid beating of his heart.
is plain-out ridiculous.
As bravely as Castiel claimed him to be, Dean gulps down his fear of rejection. “A space for ourselves. A bed that’s only me ‘n Sammy. ‘cause we were– it’s nothing new to us, I mean. Being alone at night. No dad, no mom. Just us. Alone in the room and in the bed, taking care of each other.”
And stops short.
When they break apart again, it’s not without their lips brushing against each other endlessly and not without them enjoying the caress of warm, slightly heavier breath.
“Do you need to use the bathroom?” Castiel slurs out between sloppy kisses, clearly still riding the afterglow and appearing as entirely unwilling to let go.
The loud thud of which turns quite a few heads.
“Alright,” the man says, his voice a deep growl that Dean might possibly like any other time, if he wasn’t freezing to death and trying to feed Sammy and if he didn’t know that the clients who are already unhappy before they begin are usually the most vicious ones during an after. He’s scared, but he won’t show it; what good would it do anyway? Either drive the man away or make him even worse – even when they are buying another human being, the clients don’t want to see themselves as
Soon, both of them sigh into their kissing, long and pleased. They only finally draw back again when the first tip of a tongue comes out to swipe against the seam of where they are connected, wet and a touch too much for the moment, making their eyes blink open dazedly and search for one another.
Castiel indulges himself in the various kinds of food as well – especially because there are a couple of vendors and counters offering different and special types of hamburgers – but Dean seems to downright
“Will you do anything naughty without my permission again?”
And the feeling of the hand on his cheek turns into something even worse when it’s not followed up by another touch or a kiss or by a body pressed against his, nothing of the standard deviation between personal assistant and boss. But it's accompanied by a soft smile, some private and small, something that’s between just the two of them and is only meant for Dean, was
Dean and Sam have made up rather quickly after their fight – a confused Sam even told Castiel about how Dean came slinking into his room in the evening and apologized for his behaviour and what he said –, so the three of them decide to treat themselves by taking a day off and visiting the mall of the nearest big city.
“I don’t know, dude. Any other way,” Dean says with a shrug, careful not to jostle their hips.
“You might be right,” Dean concedes when he blinks his eyes open again, only to find a pleased-looking Castiel nodding at his words.
Dean lingers for a few moments, needing to process that he’s not just dreaming this, but that there’s actually a present for
Dean’s floating through Monday and Tuesday, all of him feeling good and accepted, in an unfamiliar but exhilarating way. Castiel and him see each other on both days for long enough that they can exchange some secret smiles and little greetings, but unfortunately nothing more than that. Yet, even that is fine and the world is rosy and everything is beautiful and nothing hurts. Dean handles all his duties without a hitch and gains a few new customers, even garnering him some unwilling praise from Mr. Adler, who drops by without previous notice, probably trying to catch Dean off-guard, but only manages to catch him at the top of his game.
Castiel places one sky-blue mug of coffee under the nuzzle and taps a button. Instantly, the machine whirrs loudly again and spits out a dark and rich-smelling liquid. “That was also not an answer. Do you want a cup as well or not?”
(to what he wasn’t there to witness: the derision and malice from Dean’s own people, the grief and despair over his father’s dead body, the confusion and hopelessness, the resignation when he saw that there was nothing for him but to enter the carriage and be spirited away into this hostile country once again, selling not only himself but his own kingdom and his father’s legacy for a few more loaves of bread for his people, for whatever remains from their lives, if already not their dignity)
how else?
“Don’t–,” Dean pressed out through heavy breaths, “don’t be a child, Cas. You didn’t come late – in fact, you came at the exact right time to fucking save me. And you saved me with what you can do now, as a
and safety.
Dean knows Sam is pretty liberal in any way, knows that he means it when he says that he is cool with it and was just taken by surprise - even so, Dean can’t help but feel disappointed. For some reason, he expected something… well, maybe not more, but something different. Sam is the great big university braniac, after all, and as far as Dean was concerned, he thought it meant that Sam would just accept it and go with it right away. Maybe the disappointment isn’t even directed at Sam alone – maybe it’s because Dean always thought that, in academia at least, there would be easy acceptance of this. If not there, where else could he ever hope to find it?
He wonders if the picture that he paints is as tantalizing as he feels.
“Uh, yeah, yes, same here. That’s what I came here for, too.”
He twitches beneath Castiel’s hand, as if he means to pull away, but in the end, he stays right where he is. Castiel can feel Dean’s pulse racing beneath his finger tips, in an anger that he can’t seem to shake off, and probably in anxiety.
of which is enough to drive him even wilder, to heighten his pleasure and loosen his senses even more.
“In all of my existence, I have never looked upon anything that could have compared to your beauty.” Cas’ hand settles low and hot on the small of Dean’s back, grounding and promising and titillating. “I need to worship you properly, bring proof to the depth of my adoration for you, thoroughly praise the pureness of your heart.”
Dean whines and feels his blood rushing when his god’s nose softly presses against his glands, and it is then that — for a moment — Dean takes notice of the other worshippers, all staring at him with an equal expression of shock on their faces, their mouths open and some hidden behind hands, and for the first time in his life, Dean can share their feelings.
Whether aware of it or not, Novak even gives him a once-over, his gaze sweeping up Dean’s form, only to come to a rest on his throat. Dean might imagine it, but it seems like one corner of Novak’s mouth quirks up just so.
Shit, did he actually pick up on that?
Narrowed green eyes look Castiel over, though Dean appears less irritated rather than confused. “Are you trying to scare the shop clerks inside, man?”
“Hmmm,” Castiel hums thoughtfully, “then allow me to relax you first.”
what comes next happened in a haze; the guards sprinting towards him, their weapons raised, Castiel thinking, “yes, this is it”, and closing his eyes to welcome death, only to be torn from it by a tight grip on his upper arm, seeing Dean fighting off the guards with a sword that is suddenly in his hands, grabbing him, dragging him, somehow through the masses undulating in hysteria, out of the hall and of the castle, and beyond, simply out of there
But there might be reason to change his stance on bathing now. He’s not sure whether it’s because he hasn’t taken a bath in so long or because of the circumstances, but in this very moment, the thought of not having a bathtub for himself seems almost painful. Then again, his immense pleasure actually
and finds it empty.
Dean gasps out wetly, all of his body tensing up, and Castiel halts at once.
Instead of berating him for his error and interrupting whatever Castiel was doing in favour of punishing Dean for his slip-up -- and what that punishment would entail, now that spanking isn’t really on the table for it, Dean has no clue --, Castiel puts his hands on him.
, that it left him empty and aching afterwards, when it was suddenly gone. Dean knows that Castiel wouldn’t look down on him for anything and only ever try to treat him well, that there is no need for shame with him – which is the very problem. Castiel and all of this, it’s almost too much; it’s too
Is that finally it? Has Castiel finally realized that any effort and time spent on Dean is wasted? That any other sub would do just as well or probably better? Is this already the end of a short-lived dream that Dean knew to be too good to be true from the very beginning?
So, Dean smiles softly, a hopefully hidden thing, turns his face into the hand that has ever left his cheek, is still cupping it, and presses a small kiss to Castiel’s palm.
“I don’t know what you want me to say, man. I, ah, of course, I don’t think I’m
as it turns out, Michael being assassinated was the plan all along. but instead of Castiel, Dean was supposed to carry out the act, was supposed to be the martyr for his country, much like Castiel intended to be the martyr for Dean. none of them could have expected that Michael’s blood wouldn’t stick to Dean’s hands at the end of the night, but Castiel’s
to the fullest. So he dares to take a plunge. “Yeah? So would you care to share some of those ideas for our first scene together?”
So he does. Firmly. Possessively, even. And simultaneously, both of them
“I don’t know,” Dean suddenly bursts out, ashamed and frustrated with himself. “I don’t know what I would like to do. My former Doms, they– they left me to care for myself most of the time. Some of the would hold me after an especially intense scene, but only if I asked them to, and I–” I didn’t,
Hearing his own name spoken so close to his damn hole and while knowing just what is about to happen and what other good things Castiel has yet in store is almost too much. Because it makes Dean want to rub his cock against the soft cushion beneath him, get himself off just like that, not even needing Castiel’s tongue inside him, just the
“Dean,” Cas responds, his lips working warmly and wetly against the skin of Dean’s neck, “I want to make love to you, Dean. Please, let me–”
And this, too, Dean can’t object to, so all he does is let the heat of those words and of that chaste yet filthy kiss wash over him and smile. Which in turn makes Castiel smile, too, and just like that, they are laughing for a few moments, Dean more giddy than anything and unable to control his giggles, drunk of the building elation.
the one who did that.
Dean bucks into his hand, presses himself against the wall of his entrance hall, looking for the firmness that he craves so much, has only received in mind and not in body yet, that he has yet to earn. For now, this wall has to suffice; it has to be where he rubs his cock against, still encased in his fingers, has to be what he presses his cheeks against, and also his tummy, what he drags an open mouth and sloppy lips against, what he ruts against so desperately as he imagines a hard body and blue eyes instead, praising him, cheering him on, holding him and pushing him and–
And somewhere in the back of his mind, Dean is more than aware of how even now, Castiel’s thumbs are rubbing soothing circles into his skin and of how tight Castiel’s throat is as he takes Dean down to the root. With his nose pressed into Dean’s neat hair and him breathing in deep and slow, almost meditative, while his throat tightens and twitches around Dean. But there’s such an onslaught of just genuinely
Dean comes to a halt right in front of Castiel. He’s so close that his knees are almost touching Castiel’s, that Castiel could almost feel and yet quite possibly already see the slight tremble that goes through his body. Castiel doesn’t comment on it, though. He just keeps up that pleased expression and looks Dean up and down, excruciatingly slowly, pausing with leisure at Dean’s face and the marked up throat below it.
“Hmm, I woke up and couldn’t fell back asleep, so I came down here.” He shifts minutely, the tip of his nose brushing Castiel’s cheek.
In easy steps, he leaves the mess of the bedroom again, walks down the corridor and into the extensive living room, which is not separated from the corridor with a wall or anything, it is just a space that is always open for access and in whose center the impressive sofa sits.
“What?” Dean sputters and feels like shooting Castiel a disapproving glance, but all he manages is to shake his head towards the dip of Castiel’s throat, daring to look up a tiny bit higher, and then drops his gaze again. “No, no. You’ve had more than enough to do this week. You should go home and rest and enjoy your weekend and let me take care of my work, like I’m paid to do.”
“Go away, Dean,” Castiel said, and his deadpan delivery actually made Dean laugh.
And that’s just it, isn’t it? That Dean has all of these
“Y’won lemme,” Dean slurs out, needing to use all of his remaining energy to do so. He knows by now that Castiel will take care of him, if only for the evening at the very least, and that he is safe with him. Castiel won’t let them drown.
At that, the corners of Dean’s mouth quirk up in the tiniest of smiles, and Castiel can feel the relief and affection practically flood Dean’s scent, and feel himself relax in return. “‘
Castiel settles almost his full weight onto Dean, his entire body a long, heavy line against Dean, from head to toe, pressing him down into the mattress and his cock fully inside of him. With the hand not guiding Dean back into his thrusts, with the one currently entangled with Dean’s, he pulls Dean back against him, and both of them even closer together. It is warm like this, almost too hot, and all the more intimate for it. Castiel’s thrusts slowly into him, desperately kissing and breathing against his neck and cheeks.
And maybe, Dean can taste apologies in those kisses, too. Not from him, but from Castiel. Little pleas for forgiveness of his own, for how he rushed Dean.
“Very good,” Castiel says and lies a warm hand on Dean’s butt cheek, probably making it jiggle again.
So, Castiel gets to work again and dives back down, to where all of Dean is exposed for him.
It’s what Dean always thought he only could have had in another lifetime. One in which he didn’t watch his mother go up in flames and burn up into ash right before his eyes. In which they didn’t have to confine themselves into shabby, scary rooms and wait for their father to return, alive and, if they are especially lucky, with something to eat.
“Are you scared, Dean?”
“Yes,” Castiel admits, and his cheeks seem rosy but his smile not shy. “I had hoped that we might find some time to explore spanking together, so I bought the lotion.”
Because what? It would have made a bit more sense to him if Castiel had asked him whether he could put some cream and strawberries on his body and eat and lick them off of him, or hell, if he wanted to do body shots. Some tequila from Dean’s skin right down Castiel’s throat would at least make more sense than Dean lying around like a Roman king and being fed grapes. Or whatever.
The mountain roars again.
Rather, he wishes to back Dean against the wall, kiss him breathless and pliant and eventually sink into him again. Into where he is tight and inexperienced and only wet when he is slicked up with spit or lube, and yet where he is sweeter and more irresistible than any Omega or Beta Castiel has ever had. And Castiel knows that this isn’t just because Dean was virginal in that respect not so long ago. No, all of his demeanor, the way he is imposing and powerful yet vulnerable and pretty as soon as Castiel touches him in just the right way, pushes into his space like no other Alpha has ever dared and just claims this irredeemable man for himself has Castiel helplessly falling for him each time he sees him.
feels nothing but logical, absolutely
So many things in his life have felt good, have made him feel high on happiness and as if nothing bad could ever possibly happen, but few things come even close to what
“I thought you wanted to be more spontaneous? This is me being spontaneous within the limits we discussed,” Castiel teases right back, and it’s almost funny, how both of them try to appear as non-chalant as possible when neither can speak quite without panting. “Unless you do want me to blow you first,
“Uhm, I don’t know. Everything?” Because yep, there isn’t be a single thing he could complain about. “Talking about this is kinda– y’know.” He awkwardly gestured back and forth, basically indicating nothing.
“You’re right,” Dean also says out loud. Because Castiel should know that Dean gets it, and that he agrees.
Dean files that away for the future: Castiel likes to cuddle after sex, and for more than just five minutes. He’s also just as touchy-feely after as during sex, and he is very much into kissing. Which is nice to think about in general, because despite his hang-ups, Dean enjoys all of these things quite a lot as well, but they also make him wary. Because on the one hand, there must have been many people with whom Castiel has lied entwined just like this, which makes his stomach drop in jealousy and some childish need to feel special, and on the other hand, some guys are just like that on occasion, whenever they feel like it. Sweet on the one day, rough and angry on the other. Dean just hopes Castiel is not like that. That he will still be kind and appreciative of him once he has gotten around to truly using Dean, that he will still not want to call Dean names.
Castiel confirms, low and unfortunately not as neutrally calm as he has wanted to. Even he can hear the slight catch, that small plea and offer in his voice.
knowing. He’s not brave enough for that yet; maybe he will be in the future, perhaps with someone kind and strong by his side, to help him come to terms whatever might happen if he told John.
But maybe– maybe also so much more to gain. What he has lost way back and what he used to longed for even before that, before he was torn to shreds by careless hands and inexperience about his own desires might finally be received. A proper Dom now, after all those ruthless ones, to see to his needs. Those that could never be quelled, no matter his bad experiences. Because maybe this is it. Maybe this is his proper debut. As a sub – as a person with needs that he demands to finally be met.)
on you.” Castiel talks and moans as his hits keep coming, as he thoroughly tenders the muscles of Dean’s butt. Those muscles that make it plump and round and perky, no matter how much pudge there might be on top of to really fill out all there is. And Dean feels those muscles contracting, trying to anticipate the blows and where they will fall, even though it’s impossible because Castiel’s rhythm is no rhythm at all, it’s just a flurry of blows and harsh affection.
He follows his instincts and the calling from afar. And when follows a way that is light and right, he opens his eyes and inhales deeply, and he finds himself in the arms of his mate, his own nose deeply buried in his neck, taking deep and even deeper breaths, because now, he can finally breathe. It is with a tender kiss to his neck and warm hands stroking his hair that he sighs out a willing and liberated
“I understand if you want to stay with him for the time being, and of course it’s okay for you and your brother to do so. That we do what you feel best with right now is of great importance. I will simply return in a week or two, when you have had time to process a bit, and then we will talk about foster ho–”
“Don’t know,” Dean replies pathetically. He can barely think beyond Castiel saying he has earned himself his reward. He wants that reward now. He was so still for Castiel just minutes ago, and now that the shock of being hit begins to wear off, his body demands other, more gentle input. To show him that everything is alright, and that he is too, and that being obedient and enduring all that pain will pay off.
“I, ah,” Castiel clears his throat, and now there might be a bit embarrassment but still no shame, “during my business trip, my mind kept wandering to a possible scene like this. So, when I was waiting at the airport and buying something to eat at the duty free shop, I saw the aloe vera lotion and thought that, whether we would find time for this or not, it would be better to have this at home. Just in case.”
Cas raises an eyebrow. “Sure,” he says, flat.
Castiel takes one of the smaller axes, one of Bobby’s kitchen knives, and Dean’s old hunting knife and lobs them with force and precision towards the thick trunks. The heavy throws leave the blades embedded deep into the bark, not that Castiel has any trouble removing them.
Sam narrows his eyes and asks in genuine curiosity. “So…
“You’re not gunna heal him when he gets hurt? Look at him, he’s limping!” Dean protested. “You’ve fixed me up from less.”
“Perhaps that was a mistake, perhaps I should have killed you,” Castiel threatens, wondering aloud if his mercy had been misjudged— this man may not be a threat, but he is certainly a nuisance.
“Me and Cas- we’re not actually together. It’s- it’s stupid, but we made a bet.”
“Actually, you started to pull your hand away six milliseconds before I did.” Cas retorted playfully.
When Cas stops Jo is watching him with a curious expression— Cas can’t quite place it. At the very least she no longer seems nervous.
“I apologise, I’ll stop,” Cas concedes.
He’s stood there as usual, poised, blank expression, inhuman looking. Sam takes a small step out into the open, glancing warily at the celestial being before him. Dean simply grins. Castiel turns to face them and his face softens into a smile to match Dean’s own.
Bobby’s brows furrow in concern. “I can’t tell you what do to, but revenge is a messy gig, kid. Never ends well for anybody.”
“As long as you know the name of the angel you’d like to reach, you can pray to them directly,” Cas explains. “There shouldn’t be any way for another angel to listen in, since prayer is considered sacred.”
“Seriously,
. Understand?”
. I can’t leave this post, Dean. I can’t leave the citadel unguarded.”
“He said I can just sort of open it up near you and it’ll do its thing,” Dean says. He takes another breath, letting calm wash over him as his hopes crest in his chest. “I mean, maybe you should— I dunno, maybe you should lie down?”
Cas dipped his head to the side and smiled, regarding Dean for a moment.
Dean steps up (or rather, sits down, as they all take a seat around the kitchen table) and regales Bobby with the day’s events. He includes the necessary context that Castiel healed Sam with his grace and that the townsfolk had accused them of making a crossroads deal to do it. He fails to mention any of the events leading up to Castiel giving Dean the grace, as well as any of their dalliances following.
Recovery be damned, Dean thwacks Sam on the arm. “Shut it, I ain’t nobody’s librarian.”
“Okay good,” Sam says with a nod. “I’m really glad you’ve got a good thing, I just— I wouldn’t want you putting yourself in danger for it.”
“What happened to it being an alternate timeline?”
He and Jo are just heading down towards their old cabin, hoping to god nobody attempted to claim it in their absence on the off-chance that they died (an uncomfortably frequent occurrence— this place is full to the brim with slimy chancers), when they are accosted by Garth’s familiar face and even more familiar gangly limbs.
“Dean?” the man asks, eyes darting between the two, settling on the elder.
“They might be back.”
“Yeah,” Sam says, slow, as if the memories are only just coming back to him. “Ruby.”
Older Dean beams with pride and slaps Sam on the back. “That’s my weird witchy nerd of a little brother.”
“Guilty,” Castiel responds cooly.
There was a slow nod from Meg as she looked around them. “Well, uh, I’d say we got time.”
“We’ll stay here tonight,” Cas announces. He approaches the back door, still holding onto it’s hinges, and if anything a little stiff. He pries is open and steps aside to let his party in ahead of him.
“What?” Dean repeats, completely lost.
Dean's been spotted around town and made quite the impression on the local singles.
As the other two slip into sleep, the only sound in the room that of their slow resting breaths, Cas lies awake. He allows himself the luxury of watching Dean, admiring how the moonlight casts his face in cool light and sharp shadows.
Castiel continues to sleep on the couch for those first few nights. He’s not in good enough shape to tackle the stairs, and quite frankly he doesn’t believe himself to deserve anything more.
There’s a heavy sigh from Jim. His face is sympathetic as he drops a hand onto Dean’s shoulder. “I just hope you’re not doing something stupid and desperate.”
“Yeah, so what,” Dean snaps. “Don’t mean I gotta talk. I can handle my shit on my own, you got your own life to live.”
“Okay.” Dean nods with a usually uncharacteristic passivity.
Efram’s breath is heavy and ragged. Cas presses the tip of the blade just enough to draw blood, and a tiny wisp of airy grace escapes like smoke. Efram screws his eyes shut tight. “I— We don’t know where it is. They’re looking for it but we don’t know where it is, okay?”
Castiel squeezes his eyes shut and looks away, Bobby’s expectant gaze overwhelming him. “I’m sorry,” Castiel manages to get out. “I’m sorry, I’m so sorry. It’s— it’s all my fault.” Castiel doesn’t realise he’s crying until the first tears makes its way over his cheek and down to his chin.
Jo punches Dean in the arm. “Why are you so jealous? Did you really wanna come with us that bad?”
“I- That didn’t count,” Cas says in defence.
“Good morning, Dean,” Cas replied, not taking his eyes off the boiling water he was pouring over a green teabag (which Dean almost made him spill). “When can we expect Sam to be over?”
“Remember when I was looking after you in the nuthouse, you know, out of the goodness of my heart, there was that guy, Peter, really had it out for you, tried to convince the other patients not to talk to you. And I said I would do something about it, poison his food or something, and you told me not to. Do you remember what you said to me?”
actually a couple. Sorry, my partner just gets a little nervous sometimes.”
Evening’s are beautiful here. The way the sunlight splinters out through the trees, painting the world in amber splotches; the way the air is still and the world silent; the way the clouds sit in the sky like cotton candy, soft, light and glowing with radiant backlit sunshine. Every evening is perfect enough to be a date night, but not every evening is free enough.
“For the love of— Cas! Please!”
“Dean, you took out, what? Maybe two? Cas took six,” Sam says, snarky, as he slams the trunk shut and makes for the shotgun position.
Dean thinks maybe he’d like to have that all the time. Dean thinks maybe he wants…
Dean eyes Stephen’s concerned expression, wringing his cotton apron in his hands. “Who knows,” he says with a shrug. “Maybe they’re just being cautious, I mean, demons could be anywhere, right?”
Jo flips the figurine over and puts her eye up to the hollow inside. “I’m not,” she affirms. “I just have eyes.” She puts the figurine down as she notices the glint of an ornate silver letter opener. “Anyway, I get that you two haven’t really had the opportunity to talk much, but you’ve been being weirdly difficult this whole time. And I don’t get why.”
“Hey, maybe they’re not all masterpieces of art, but nothin’ beats that atmosphere, y’know?”
Bobby brings his fingers up to pinch the bridge of his nose, squeezing his eyes shut. “Alright,” he says following a deep, laboured sigh. “One of you wanna tell me what happened?”
Dean lead Sam inside. “I mean it’s not much,” Dean began explaining. “We haven’t finished unpacking and I know Cas wants to remodel the kitchen already, but-”
Cas removes his hand from Dean’s thigh as he takes the tape from Sam. Sam spots the hand placement, but says nothing, settling back in his seat with raised eyebrows.
“You sure she’s not dead in a ditch somewhere?”
“So what’s our next move? Get the lore guys on it?”
“This was fun,” Dean says, patting Castiel’s shoulder, passing as much warmth through that touch as he can.
“What’ll it be? On me,” Dean asks Cas, drumming his hand on the bar.
Up close, Dean can see Cas’ expression. He looks like he’s about to throw up, he’s breathing heavy and deep, but it doesn’t seem like it’s from exertion. “Victor, could you—” Cas begins.
“Dad said to wake you up.”
,” Dean says, exasperated only an hour into his waking hours.
“Okay fine,
Cas gave a tentative nod, unsure where the line sarcasm and genuine hurt is being drawn. Meg seemed unsure herself.
“Thank you. I watched you make it a few times.”
Dean has wedged himself between Sam and the angel Azrael’s blade. “What the hell are you talking about— demons? We don’t fuck with demons!” Dean spits as Azrael presses forward, forcing Dean to inch back.
“If it’s beyond you… does that mean I’m still dying?” Sam asks, slow and with a low warble in his voice.
The pair didn’t speak much for the first 30 minutes of the day; Cas knew Dean wasn’t a morning person. Rather they would both flit around out of each other’s way until Dean had had time to sit down with his morning coffee. Of course Cas knew exactly when this was, not just from the scent of freshly brewed coffee filling the air, but also because that’s when he’d finally greet Cas with a proper good morning.
- their steps springy with giddiness as they approached the front door. Pulling a pristine silver key from his jacket pocket, with a turn and click, Dean swung open the door to their new life. The pair stood on the front porch for a moment, not quite believing that this door was for them.
Bobby slides a beer across the table to Dean. He eyes it apprehensively, but ultimately takes it. “So how the hell’d you end up bosom buddies with an angel anyhow? I can’t imagine you’ve suddenly become the church type.”
“And what about Eileen? I mean, she’s cool with you hunting?”
“Who cares. Do we even need a reason? Come on, don’t tell me you’re tired after one vamp nest?” Dean grins and slaps Cas on the back which nets a grunt from Cas.
Cas gave a heavy sigh, “It’s a long story.”
“I looked up ‘gay chicken’,” Cas replies, seemingly apropos of nothing.
“Sure you can’t swing it now?”
“We can take no liberties when it comes to the demonic threat,” Azrael states, unfazed by Castiel’s proximity, nor the sharp static filling the air during the confrontation.
“I just wondered, I know that it’s not exactly the same me,” Dean says, his eyes darting away as he continues to push the claim that they’re not the same man, even as he starts to believe it less and less. “But, we’re close enough I guess, so, I wondered… What the hell is angel doing with a guy like me?”
“You’ve disarmed me, held my own blade to my skin— I’ve killed humans for less. I’ve killed humans simply because I received the order, and I never questioned it—” That’s a lie, but Castiel continues, “But for some reason I cannot bring myself to kill you. I don’t understand it. You’re not special, or unique, or important— is— is this a test?”
“Well it was my first one,” Cas sighed. “I’m still perfecting the art I suppose.”
Cas shifts to the side and pats the mattress beside him. Jo sidles in, shoulders tight and face scrunched into an apologetic smile. She furtively takes a seat on end of the bed beside Cas. “You don’t have to apologise, Jo,” he says.
“I don’t know, Sam,” Dean sighs, resigned, practically holding Castiel up. “We can go to Bobby’s and work it out from there.”
Confusion spreads across Dean’s face. He points to him chest. “Me? What did I do?”
“What?” Cas says, looking up. “I like past you.”
“So are you,” Cas said, pushing himself up off the floor and over to one of the many boxes scattered around the room. “I’ve got something for you. A housewarming gift.”
Dean drops his head back against the door. “He’s
Cas nods. “I imagine you’re quite adept with a blade, then?”
The angel drops Sam and shrugs. “We
Victor turns to grab a small case, placing it square on the table and flicking the latch. Opening the case he reveals two pointed silver blades. “These are yours for the duration of this assignment,” he says. “You know what they are?”
Cas takes a brief look over himself. He thinks he looks distinctly ordinary. Regardless, he’ll take the compliment, “Um, thank you.”
“What?” Dean protests immediately. How like him. Or not, Cas reminds himself.
Dean closes his eyes and looks away. “God, gross.” He faces Castiel again and gives another gentle tug on his hands. “Come on, unless it’s too much for you? You wanna back out, buddy?”
“Come on, it’s not
, Sam stands up and stretches. “Well good luck with that.”
Cas frowned. “You can’t keep indulging him,” he chastised.
Dean nods and pouts, taking a look around at the clean tables, the atmospheric decor, the classy glasses. Then his face turns, “Wait, you’re not hunting?”
It takes him a moment to understand, but as soon as he does Castiel shakes his head. “Not at all.”
“Right, yeah. Well I’ve got leftover lasagne at home,” older Dean smiles fondly as he slips into the front seat of the Impala. Dean stands there, dumb, for a moment as he realises that he’s got to ride shotgun in his own car.
“Good. We’re already packed up, the horses are fed and rested, so we better head now before anyone starts looking for the angel we just wasted.”
“That’s better,” Cas nods. “And yes, of course, I would never.”
With the tension cut through, his older self digs in too, powering though his meal with the same fervour that he always has. Dean ends up wolfing the thing down, barely registering how this Cas guy is just watching him, an unwavering stare.
Dean grimaces. “Yeah I was,” he admits. “I meant every word though.”
,” he adds quickly. “It’s very ‘Winchester’, and I’m- well I’m not a Winchester.”
Castiel appears to have struck a cord. Dean looks away and takes a breath. He works his jaw before saying, “My little brother.”
Dean smiled softly, glancing down at the angel on his shoulder, then back up at the star-speckled sky.
“Stay here, I’ll be back.”
Jo shrugs. “Pretty sure just ‘away from here’.” She sighs and brushes her hands against one another. “Probably another safe house or something, or maybe back to camp. Who knows.”
Jo eyes him warily. “To go?” she asks. Dean sighs and nods. The two slip over to the cooler and grab as many beers as they can carry, sneaking out before anyone stops them to protest.
When Dean wakes, he fully expects to find himself alone. He doesn’t though, as he wakes to the soothing feeling of fingers carding through his hair and a warm body pressed against his. It’s so comforting it’s a wonder he woke at all, the gentle repetitive motion lulling him back to sleep.
“I mean, you said about alternate timelines or whatever,” Dean continues. “I’m just saying that like, no offence or anything, but now I’m pretty sure this ain’t my timeline.”
“Why are you doing laundry at this time?” Castiel asks, groggy and not yet fully taking account of the picture in front of him. Dean’s mouth is frozen, half-open, words falling out of his head. Cas sees Dean’s hands tangled up in khaki. “Dean,” Cas repeats. “Are you alright?”
“Nah.”
how large it is and their response is simply proportional. Castiel’s face sinks as another realisation strikes. “Azrael spoke to you? Dean, did you see you come here?”
Dean waits by the map table at 7:25. He ended up wearing the red shirt, because fuck it, right? Sam wanders past and eyes him up. He’s expecting some teasing comment, but all he’s treated to is a harmless “Have fun!” to which Dean responds with a meek “Thanks.”
Dean sighs and massages the space between his eyebrows to quieten his growing headache. “Me and Cas made a bet. He thinks I’m afraid of people thinking I’m, like, gay or whatever.”
“I don’t know, if you wanna mark your territory or mix your scents or whatever,” Sam says with raised eyebrows, pressing his lips together after to brace himself for the response.
“Great,” Jo says, flat. “How exactly is this
“Thanks,” Dean says, his voice coming out in a choked rasp. “So are you.”
As the sun sets, obscured in its entirety by the thick cloud cover, the sky begins to darken from a light overcast grey to a dark and gloomy slate. Without civilisation nor the gentle glow of the moonlight to guide them, they slow down and start searching for an adequate place to settle for the night.
Until we aren’t; until we are killed, or the universe ends, whichever should happen first.”
Dean started back out towards the U-Haul with Cas in tow, turning his head back as he walked to reply;
Sam has always been particularly in-tune to the weird little things Dean does, usually more than Dean himself. So yeah, maybe Dean
Castiel is pushing himself slightly upright when Bobby returns. “Hey, no, lie down,” Bobby orders. “You’re in bad shape, you need rest.”
“He may have been,” Cas agrees.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel firms his expression, hand resting ready over his blade hilt. “I wouldn’t try that if I were you,” he warns.
Jo levels an incredulous look at Dean. “Trust me, I
Cas sighs and presses his fingers to the bridge of his nose below the crinkle between his furrowed brows. “Alright,” he says, resigned. “I’ll grab some blankets for the couch.”
“You don’t even know the guy,” Dean protests.
“Won what? Most disposable ally?” Meg retorted cooly.
“Abandonment of duty,” Esme recites.
“And that means just doing what you’re told without question?”
With nowhere to go, no place to be and no home in which to belong, Cas took a step forward. And another. And yet another. He walked on, past landmarks of nothing, along a blank path and into an endless future of emptiness. The empty as an entity had not reared its head, avoiding him, perhaps. After all, even appearing before him to gloat would be a mercy in the face of the limitless isolation. As Cas moved onwards through the looming dark, he allowed his mind to wander; to ponder what his friends, his family, were doing now. Whether they had won, which he was certain they would; whether they had found solace in their freedom, that they were happy.
