turned on. His hips are moving frantically, even as his mouth is mostly unmoving on Steve’s still-pissing cock, and then-
“Yeah, of course. Do you want me... right here?” Tony asks. He standing right next to Steve, and Steve shakes his head quickly.
Pepper responds with a thumbs up emoji, but Tony is already texting Steve.
Tony helps Steve to the bathroom, because Steve is walking slightly hunched over with halting, careful steps. Steve trembles at the sight of the toilet, a clear invitation for him to release but he can’t do that. Tony turns the shower on, adjusting it to a comfortable temperature. Steve is stripping his clothes off next to him, and even though they’ve been naked together more than a few times at this point, this feels more intimate than anything they’ve done thus far.
“So are you,” Tony hums. “Now, let’s shower so we can crawl into bed for our post-coital cuddles.”
“Okay,” Tony says, pulling back a little. But he freezes a few inches from Steve and just watches him, takes in Steve’s face and body. Steve doesn’t know exactly what Tony’s seeing, what he’s looking for, but he hopes he likes it. “Can you hold it? For me?”
He’s not entirely sure on the why, but Steve knows he wants Tony there with him. Something in him feels safer at the thought of Tony in this bathroom while he tries to pee than if he was alone.
Well, it’s pretty hot. Tony’s not mean, though, and he can see Steve is dying to pee, now, but he can’t help it, he doesn’t want this to end yet.
Tony bites his lip, still squirming in place. He’s been in constant motion since leaving the theater, and Steve envies his easy movements that his body wishes he could carry out. Finally, Tony shakes his head.
“I’ll just take a quick walk, okay?” Tony says, and gets up. But then he looks down at the obvious tent in his pants. “Oh.”
into Tony’s
“Sometimes.”
“-and that’s a huge improvement for me! I just want to be a normal college kid for, like, a few days,” Steve pouts, slumping back on his bed. Tony immediately softens, coming closer to stand in between Steve’s legs where they’re draped off the bed.
Steve snorted at Tony, shaking his head a little. “But with my... issue... it means I’ll probably be kicking you out after we do anything sexual for the foreseeable future.”
which would be embarrassing, but he’s so insanely turned on that he doesn’t even care. He reaches down to adjust himself, tucking his rock hard cock into his waistband and moaning at the slight touch.
Tony’s flushed, mouth red and wet, eyes a little glassy. He looks thoroughly turned on, and Steve didn’t even
Meanwhile, Tony keeps cupping his cock in one hand, and the other hand he moves up a little to press gently on Steve’s bladder. Steve groans, jerking in Tony’s hold.
Suddenly, Tony lights up. “I’ll run down to Bruce’s dorm. He’s got a single with an attached bathroom, too, and he’ll let me use it. Then we can go at the same time, yeah?”
Even Bucky and Sam’s banter isn’t enough to distract Steve from the pounding in his abdomen as they enter their dorm building. Bucky, Sam, Bruce, Tony and Steve all pile into the tiny elevator together, while Clint and Nat head to her first floor dorm room. Bucky and Sam get off at the third floor, Bruce at the fourth, and then it’s just the two of them in the elevator.
“I know,” Steve says back, pulling Tony back in to keep kissing. This time his hand slides in Tony’s boxers, and Tony gives a strangled moan. Tony is rock hard, leaking pre-cum already. Steve doesn’t know if it’s the fact that they’re in a place they could be caught or if Tony really got that turned on just from touching his dick, but he doesn’t really care to know either. He’s more focused on getting his boyfriend to come as fast as possible.
“Told who, what?” Bucky grumbles, busy looking in his bag for something. He’s working on an assignment that was due a week ago.
The dining hall is closing, so they all head out, and everyone goes back to their dorms except him, Steve, Sam and Bucky. Tony grabs Steve’s hand as they head towards the engineering lab, because Tony promised to show them his newest creations, a couple of robots named Dum-E and U. Steve’s already met them, but Bucky loves science as much as Tony, and he drags Sam along to come play with the robots. Sam and Bucky are a few steps ahead, also holding hands, and chatting about robots. Steve and Tony are lagging a few steps back, Tony swinging their hands between them and watching Steve keep his thighs pressed close together as they walk.
“Ugh, why did I get that giant slushee?” Tony whines, squirming a little as he walks when the light finally changes. It’s cute, Steve thinks, and tries to focus on that line of thought and not the idea that he’s been holding it for way longer so if anyone has any right to squirm and whine, it’s him. “And who decided we should
“I distinctly remember jerking off in this bed, right here, while you were on the phone telling me you want to suck my dick,” Tony says, and Steve’s brain melts a little. Yes, he very much does want to suck Tony’s dick. “I suggest you do that.”
“Alright?” Tony whispers. Steve just moans. He twists a hand between them, too, to get a hand on Tony. Tony’s wearing sweats,
. Fuck. He was right, it’s too much pressure. He feels like he's on a clock. He’s thinking about Tony coming back, now, and all he wants is to release before that happens but who knows when he’ll be able to -
he’ll be able to go. A shower is loud enough to cover the noise, right? He used to do that when he slept over at Bucky’s, sometimes, but he also made Bucky sit in the farthest room from the bathroom while he did it. And only ever when Bucky’s ma and sisters weren’t home.
“Good morning, gorgeous,” Tony greets, and Steve feels his face heat a little as Tony stares.
Steve flushes impossibly hotter at the word, smiling sheepishly. “I may have forgotten for a little while too. We can continue this when you get back, if you want.”
“Wait! I was - um,” Tony begins, and he’s the one blushing now, and avoiding Steve’s eyes. “I was hoping I could sleep over tonight.”
The text is from Pepper, and it reads,
“Steve,” Tony says gently. “These things take time. And you might never feel that level of comfortable around anyone, let alone me, I know that. I’m not expecting you to wake up one day and be fine pissing in front of me, okay?”
“Yes! That! Yeah, that’s it,” Tony babbles. “You have a nice dick, I really can’t be to blame.”
By the time they reach Steve’s dorm, Tony feels like an overfilled balloon, and he’s just dying to sprint in the bathroom and pee. But he can tell Steve needs to go too, but he's pushing that need to the side in order to hangout with Tony. So Tony resolves to do the same.
“Hey, we have plenty of time for that,” Tony responds. “I don’t think you could’ve waited, honey... and that’s okay! Trust me, I had an excellent time thinking of you. Really, really good. I had zero self control and had to jerk off in a nearly public place because you are absolutely
And he does. After a few hours, he comes out of the engineering haze for more coffee, only to realize that his bladder is protesting that he’s already had far too much to drink. He wiggles a little in his seat, biting his lip. Peter is sitting at the next table over, head bent over his project, which means Tony can't squirm all he wants to. He’s not sure if he wants to go yet, even though he really has to. His bladder is certainly full, but it’s a pleasant sort of fullness.
They reach Bucky’s house first, and they say goodbye even though Bucky will probably be over Steve’s house tomorrow. They catch a glimpse of the Barnes family — Bucky’s mom and his three younger sisters — pulling him into a huge hug. Steve smiles at the sight, and waves to Mrs. Barnes. He doesn’t stop to say hello, though, both because he knows he’ll see them all soon enough and because he
, which is just wrong on too many damn levels. So it’s not like he’s the worst person out there just because he’s apparently into pants-pissing. Specifically, Steve pissing his pants.
Tony gives a quiet little cheer and smacks a kiss to Steve’s cheek. He pulls on a pair of boxers while Steve slides into the sweats he’d been holding. He keeps one hand around his cock under the pants. Tony steers him out of his dorm room, down the hall, and into the bathroom. It’s quiet, no one else is awake, thankfully. The bathroom is empty but Steve still feels his muscles clench at the idea of trying to go here. Tony walks him right up to a urinal, and then turns to leave, but Steve grabs his arm.
“Nah, I’ll just hold it,” Tony says, smiling a little at Steve. “Public restrooms are always disgusting.”
Helplessly, Steve laughs a little. He feels like he might be going crazy, so many conflicting emotions going on. He’s uncomfortable, and panicking, and
“Well, I mean, you did have your hands on my dick,” Steve says, and Tony nods quickly.
“Let me mark you back,” Tony suggests, voice rough with want, and Steve can do nothing but nod. He tilts his head back, inviting Tony to lean forward and suck onto his collarbone. Steve whimpers a little at the sting of pain-pleasure that lights up his nerves.
why you’re letting Tony follow you back.” Clint elbows Steve in the ribs, giving him a smirk. “Not because you have any sexy times planned or anything, right?”
Steve sucks in a sharp breath from the jab to the stomach, and stops walking for a split second. He continues quickly, but both Bucky and Tony give him a curious glance. He hopes he looks close to normal, but inside he feels a second away from bursting. He thinks back to that night with Tony, trying to discern when exactly he had lost control, where the line was that had been crossed. He prays it doesn’t happen again.
The comfortable, wet heat surrounding his cock isn’t his own piss, it’s a mouth. His hands fumble for a moment under the covers, and then his fingers are twining through familiar soft locks. And he’s still peeing - he’s
Steve flushes even further, shifting in his chair slightly - oh,
The ten minutes pass quickly, luckily, and soon enough they’re boarding the smaller train from Penn Station to Brooklyn. This train ride is less than an hour, and Steve feels a little better at a time frame for his bladder. Though his stomach does clench nervously at the thought that Tony will be in his house, too, which means he might not be able to go.
“I’m - I’m getting pretty close, honey,” Steve admits, eyeing Tony’s arousal hooded eyes and swollen lips.
“I love you,” he tells Tony, and Tony smiles like he knows exactly what Steve is thinking.
Sam shakes his head. “Sometimes I question why I’m with you.”
Everyone is there in time for dinner. They order pizza and a bunch of sodas and have a small celebration. Steve drinks more goddamn root beer, and then switches to water when he realizes how easy it is to just suck down the sweet soda. Tony’s eyes are practically pinned to him throughout the small party, and Steve feels it like fire on his skin. It makes a little thrill go through him, and he can’t tell if he’s embarrassed or if he likes the attention. Maybe he just likes the thought of Tony taking care of him?
Steve had found out about this on their six-month anniversary, when Tony had shown up to dinner fifteen minutes late and nearly crying while spilling apologies. Steve had actually forgotten what the date was, but Tony was a complete mess at the thought of missing their date or even being a little bit late. Steve had worked it out of him that he had this bizarre fear from watching his parents fight about it. He’s petrified of becoming an asshole like his father (Tony’s words, not Steve’s).
Not being able to go right away in the morning is a little annoying, but it’s worth it if he gets to wake up with Tony in his arms, he decides. And besides, it didn't take
“W-Well, y’know,” Steve mumbles, and he feels his face heat as he shifts on his feet, half from nerves and half from desperation. “If tonight goes well, then...”
Tony pretends to finally get it, puts his mouth in a surprised O-shape. “Sorry, I forgot you might have to pee!”
“Anywhere in particular?” Steve asks, voice only shaking slightly.
“Do you have to give everybody a nickname?” Bucky rolls his eyes, but he’s known Tony long enough to know that’s his schtick.
Steve almost forgets that he needs to pee until their train arrives and they’re getting off. Gravity hits his bladder as he stands, and he has to pause a minute to get it under control. After he does, he sees Tony watching him, and he feels his cheeks flush.
“Steve.” Tony blinks at him, unimpressed.
“Oh, Steve,” Tony sobs out, hips moving frantically. “I’m gonna come, baby, oh god...”
And he had planned to go right after the lab. But, here Steve is with dinner, and Tony
Steve
“What’s wrong, baby?” Tony asks, rolling out of bed. Steve makes a pained noise when Tony rolls over his wet spot, but Tony doesn’t notice the spot or his noise. He heads straight for the light switch to flick the lights on.
Tony is an unresponsive puddle on his bed while Steve stands and strips off his boxers and uses them to wipe off any cum on his skin. He tosses them away and then climbs in bed next to Tony.
Steve nods, scrambling down to unbutton Tony’s jeans. He takes them all the way off, and then Tony is laying naked on his bed, and Steve thinks he’s never looked better. His hands are shaking, he’s never had anyone’s cock in his mouth before, but he’s much more excited than nervous. He starts slow, taking a little bit of Tony into his mouth. But then Tony makes this desperate noise, and his hands fly to Steve’s hair, so Steve takes as much as Tony’s dick into his mouth as he can. And Tony’s not small or anything, but Steve must have a big mouth, or no gag reflex, or he’s got a natural talent for sucking cock, because he’s got all of Tony in his mouth. Tony keens, thrusting his hips slightly so that the head of his dick bumps Steve’s throat.
She heads over to give him another hug, before pushing him in the direction of his room. Steve leads Tony down the thin hallway and into his bedroom. His room is quite small and simple, just a full-sized bed against the far wall and a desk in front of the window on the left wall. There’s a dresser against the right wall, leaving barely any room between it and the bed. Steve had taken most of what he had with him to school, so it’s rather empty as well. But the walls have all sorts of paintings on them; his ma had let him do whatever he wanted to the walls. He’d been painting on them since middle school, and just kept painting over old pictures to create new ones. He has a few ones planned for while he’s home for winter break.
Steve winces. He hates this conversation, because he could never just outright say ‘I have this
So he follows Steve back to his dorm room and makes out with him for awhile on his bed. He should really leave for awhile so Steve can pee, but his desperation is really doing it for Tony. At one point, a wave of pressure must come over Steve because Tony feels him slide a hand between them and squeeze at his crotch for a half second. It’s over quick, Steve pulls his hand away as if burned, and Tony pretends not to notice.
Steve sniffles a little, calming down at the presence of Tony’s calm. “Because I wanted to. I want you over, I just - I can’t.”
“Uh, yeah,” Steve says. “I have a - um - a single. With a bathroom.”
“Tony,” he says. “I need to pee, now.”
Steve huffs a laugh. “Take your time.”
“-Steve?” Tony’s concerned voice pulls him out of his thoughts.
“You already do,” Tony murmurs, eyes falling shut as his hand moves in an easy rhythm.
“Or, if you can’t say you need to go, I could just leave for a little bit every time I stay over, in the future. If you still want me to stay over. Like, maybe a walk before bed, and I can grab breakfast and coffee in the morning,” Tony suggests. Steve scans him, but he seems earnest, no jokes being played here.
“You’re not a freak,” Tony says, more concern leaking into his voice. He pulls Steve close into a hug, ignoring the wet spot on his pants. “Hey, we’ve all been here, you’re not a freak just because you peed your pants.”
Bucky rolls his eyes at all of them. “Guys. We’re college students. We’re all heading back to have sex with our partners, if we have them. Because we're young and horny. The end. Sam, follow me.”
Tony turns back to the sink and washes his hands quickly. He steps back to dry them on a hand towel, and Steve steps forward to wash his own. That’s when it hits Steve — he just peed while Tony was in the bathroom with him. He didn’t worry about it, didn’t even think about it; he just walked in and peed like he was completely alone and had nothing to worry about.
“Plus, it’s nice out,” Steve says quietly, trying to distract his boyfriend and himself. He’s getting close to his limit, now, and he’s really freaked out after what happened the last time he’d held it this long. He’s been heading home at eleven at the latest, in order to save himself the embarrassment of wetting himself in front of his friends like he’d wet himself in front of Tony. But he couldn’t just leave in the middle of a movie, so he tried to limit his liquid intake throughout the day. Still, he felt like his bladder was begging him to go for the last half hour of the movie, and now it was screaming.
“Tony,” Steve gasps, pulling away. “I have to pee.”
Tony gasps, body going tight and taut. But then, a second later, he melts against the shower wall, hips making tiny thrusting movements into Steve’s stream. It’s the hottest thing Steve has ever seen. He has to force the piss out of him, feeling his dick grow hard again in his hand.
Rogers.”
Steve wails. His body is trembling from the combination of stress and anxiety and the fact that he’s still holding what’s probably gallons of pee. “I’m - I’m a freak!”
But the new position has Tony leaning a little more forward than before, and when he continues rocking his hips against Steve, this time it’s into his bladder. Steve gasps, freezing under Tony as a wave of desperation hits him. It’s not as bad as last night; he doesn’t have to go nearly as bad. But he does need to go, because he hasn’t been to the toilet since that morning. He’s still full, and of course he didn’t forget about it, but Tony can be pretty distracting when he wants to be.
Steve blinks. Then says, “do you have lube?”
“Should I leave?” Tony asks gently.
He quietly approaches Tony’s phone, not Tony himself, because he’s still holding that hammer and swinging at the metal like it had done something personal to him. He switches off the music, and now he can hear the way Tony is heaving sobs. Tony blinks in shock at the sudden silence, his head swinging around to look at Steve. His eyes are red rimmed and swollen, his face twisted into an angry frown, but that melts when he connects eyes with Steve. The hammer is dropped onto the table and Tony slides to the ground, wrapping his arms around his legs and pressing his face into his knees.
“Of course I want to,” Steve huffs, and Tony smiles. He hears Steve’s breath hitch, probably as he touches over his nipples, and then a soft moan. Tony gives an answering groan as he mirrors what he tells Steve to do.
Tony shrugs self-deprecatingly. “Anyway, I can’t stay over. But you could come hang out for a little bit, maybe?“
“So good, yes, that’s it...” Tony is pressed up against him, so Steve feels it when Tony hardens in his boxers. “Steve, oh god... you’re doing so well, keep going...”
“Is - is that not what you wanted?” Steve asks, sounding nervous again.
Bucky furrows his brow for a moment, before it hits him. “Oh! Steve, that’s - that’s great, really. How’d that happen?”
but receives no reply. Something feels off, so Tony plans to get soup from the dining hall and bring it to Steve for lunch.
“Did Bruce ask why you couldn’t use my toilet?” Steve wonders.
“Not so fast,” Steve murmurs, pressing his ass firmer against Tony’s crotch, resulting in a high moan from Tony. “A little worked up, huh?”
“You didn’t ruin the moment.” Tony’s brow furrows. “The moment is still good. Great. Excellent. My boyfriend and I just gave each other mutual handjobs. I’m ecstatic.”
Steve isn’t a dumb guy. Really, he isn’t.
Tony’s eyes fly open, his hands pausing. He feels his pulse speed up, and the image inside his head changes abruptly. Now Steve is naked in bed, flushed from head to toes, hands following Tony’s directions.
Tony hums around him, and Steve feels the bed shaking with a rhythm, and realizes with a slight jolt that Tony is humping the bed. Tony is... is
“No problem,” Tony replies, a little dazed from the kiss. His dick is hardening again, he really needs to go jerk off or something. But with the way Steve is looking at him now, his eyes soft and grateful, he’s not going anywhere.
“Hi, Tony,” Steve murmurs, turning his head so they can look at each other. Tony beams at him, and only smiles more when Steve presses a kiss to his lips.
which makes it all too easy to slip a hand inside and wrap around Tony’s dick. They stroke each other slowly, too keyed up for anything faster, their breaths mingling in the air.
And, that morning, of course, he forgot. He was rushing to get his last project in before he, Bucky and Tony left for the train station, and he completely forgot to pee before he left his dorm. His bladder had still pretty empty from when he’d emptied it after waking up at six in the morning to put the finishing touches on the project, so he didn’t even think about it. It’s nearly six in the evening, now, and it’s been close to twelve hours since Steve last took a piss. And he’s definitely feeling it now. He bladder is throbbing demandingly in his abdomen, a light pulse every other second. He checks his watch; there’s only a half-hour left on this train.
Thankfully, he’s able to get rid of his boner (by thinking about Clint naked) before Steve notices. But that might be because Steve is so blissed out and completely gone that he wouldn’t notice anything in the state he’s in. By the time he’s done peeing, Steve is practically a puddle that Tony is struggling to keep standing.
The thing is, Tony isn’t shy or quiet about anything. Sure, sometimes he gets self-conscious, especially with his insanely low self-esteem that drives Steve up the wall. But, even then, he gets defensive and sharp, never quiet.
There’s no point in lying. “Yeah.”
Something inside Steve jolts at Tony’s easy admission that he needs to pee. He’s not sure if it’s jealousy or something... else.
Well, that’s a bit curt. Tony sends,
“Hey, it’s fine,” Tony says, a little dazed at the sight. Steve keeps his hand there. “I’ll just...”
“C’mon, you’re all done, right?” Tony asks, and waits for Steve’s head to bob in a nod, still resting on Tony’s shoulder. “Okay, let’s get you out of here.”
Tony doesn’t last long at all. Within 30 seconds, he comes with a gasp, hands gripping tight on Steve’s shoulders. Once he regains his breath, his cheeks flush red with embarrassment and he buries his face against Steve’s neck.
Steve missing class, though, that wasn’t normal. Steve was a stickler for attendance, never missed a class unless he absolutely had to. Last semester, Bucky and Tony had to team up when Steve had a lung infection in order to keep him from going to class.
“How are you feeling?” Tony whispers, his eyes worried, as they climb into bed. Steve curls around the bend of his bladder, closing his eyes against the throbbing pain.
Steve finally finishes, and immediately his cock starts to harden a little in Tony’s hand. It really isn’t his fault; he’s relieved, and Tony’s nearly naked, pressed against him and holding his dick. Tony tries to slide away from him, but Steve grabs his wrists, keeping Tony’s arms circles around him.
“Hey, you alright?” Tony asked suddenly, as they ride the elevator up to his floor. It’s only a few floors up, but Steve is suddenly really grateful that Tony refuses to take the stairs and prefers elevators. He doesn’t think he could make it up the stairs at this point, his bladder is so full. “We don’t have to do this tonight, you know. We could wait, if you're uncomfortable.”
“Uh, sorry,” Steve says, feeling his face heat up a little. “I really had to go, I couldn’t wait.”
Tony’s not thinking about that, though, he’s focused on giving Steve the best pleasure he can. Even if he doesn’t know it, Steve deserves it, after the orgasm Tony just had in the hallway. And Tony may be feeling just a little guilty at having that much pleasure at his boyfriend’s expense. So, he hollows out his cheeks and sucks, taking more of Steve down his throat. He moves a hand to Steve’s ass to push him further so he’s really fucking Tony’s mouth now and Steve keens. Tony bobs his head, swiping his tongue across the slit on the head and tasting a little salty pre-cum.
As fun as this little experiment has been, he absolutely does not want to wet himself in public. Not at all. So, he speeds up to the best of his ability, and finally makes it back to his building with damp underwear teasing his cock to just
But Steve has never tried to get off while his bladder was full. He’s quickly realizing that he doesn’t know if he’s going to come or pee first, and it feels like both are about to happen. Except he really doesn’t want to wet the bed, because they still have to sleep in it tonight, so he gently pushes Tony off of him.
Tony fumbles a hand towards his bedside table, clumsily opening the top drawer and pulling out a bottle of generic lubricant. Steve takes it with gentle hands and gives what he hopes is a reassuring smile, because Tony is obviously still nervous about asking for this.
Tony had to come, Bucky was 100% on board. Tony is Bucky’s friend as well, and Bucky is fiercely protective of his friends. Steve wouldn’t be surprised if Howard Stark got a punch delivered to his face in the form of Bucky’s fist in the near future. Not that he would support that behavior.
Well, more accurately, he’s going straight down Tony’s throat. He doesn’t even think of stopping. He probably wouldn’t even be capable of stopping at that point, not with how bad he had to go and the pure, unadulterated relief he’s feeling now. He just moans lowly, and jerks his hips a little as he lets more piss out.
“WHAT?”
“Oh, shut up!”
“Where?”
Steve watches the melodrama unfold with a morbid fascination. She is already crouching in front of his bike pointing at this and that while going into great detail what horrible person he is for letting this and that happen to his vehicle.
He really should be helping Pepper.
"You are out of your mind," he says, he hopes calmly, as soon as Natasha enters the bunker through the elevator. She blinks at him while she freezes in the middle of taking off her coat. She glances around and slowly resumes her movements when her eyes settle on him again.
He went to the funeral. Probably the hardest thing he has ever done in his long life. No. That’s not true. Looking at Morgan, seeing her beautiful, tiny, round face and
"I don't know. I'm keeping eyes on the satellites and every public camera. I keep searching the Internet for his prints or any sign of him. So far, nothing." He sounds as frustrated as she feels. It is understandable. After all, their enemy keeps being at least one step ahead of them, bringing death and destruction to every universe he has visited.
"Me?" he asks back weakly.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Jarvis?"
Widow rubs her forehead with a frustrated sigh. Just perfect. Stark and his restlessness. This can end disastrously. When did she sign up to be a babysitter? Seriously!?
Then on one fateful day….
“Where is Nick?” she asks while planning for worst-case scenarios.
Thank you for reading! Hope you liked it!
He takes a sip and enjoys the burn. Not that he can get drunk. Not anymore.
In every universe that she had visited Stark had the very smart idea of creating this place and no one else knew about it. Not even Pepper, not even Rogers. Or Rhodey. Or Happy. Or... Really anyone.
They held a commemoration for Natasha this morning. They wanted to keep it separate from Tony’s. A morning just for her. They planned for just the original Avengers to be present. The remaining four of them. Jesus.
It took him some time but somehow, he found the courage and the strength to do what had to be done. He traveled back in time again.
"If I lost you? I don't know what I would do." he tore his eyes away from her. His broad shoulders dropped as he curled in on himself. She reached out and put her hand on his arm to comfort him.
"It should be Tony, you know," she says. "It's not me he needs. Tony could save him."
It was a horrible mantra. Something that was imprinted into his mind forever. Luckily, Wilson was there and jumped into action, taking his friend away to the safety of a private room.
"What do you want me to do?" she asked.
When and why?
He sits on the top of the bunker, just like how he did it last night with his female twin. This time though it's not coffee in his glass, but whiskey. His eyes glow with blue artificial light as his connection with a satellite is in place.
"Cowards!" she huffed and pulled her wet coat off herself.
"I'm sorry," he starts, because he is not in the right mind for this. "I'm n---"
The rain falls so heavily that it’s like walking through a thick curtain nonstop. The occasional flashes of lightning don’t give enough light to create better visibility. There is barely anyone outside and those who are unlucky enough to be there don’t care about anything else, just to get to their destination as fast as possible. No one pays attention to the lone, darkly dressed, hooded figure walking around slowly. And finally, after so many days, Tony can walk around freely and not think. He follows the black raven that hops from a rooftop to a garbage can, then onto the lamppost. His mind is finally blank.
He made sure to avoid him at all cost. He was successful until the last stop.
"Get your shit together." he mouths into his cup.
“Are you sure about this?” he asks. The raven snaps his beak impatiently and flies ahead, leading the way. Tony finds himself grinning as he pulls his hoodie over his head.
"Do not thank me," she huffed. "Everything is a mess out there. I'm not getting supplies. Period!"
“Is everything good?” he asks and turns his attention back to the wires in front of him.
They clash against each other again.
"Amanda. Amanda Armstrong." she offers her hand and he takes it, shaking it gently.
She hums and for a few minutes, she works in silence while he is watching.
The night sky is still cloudy and everything around her is still wet, but she ignores it. The city lights in the distance look beautiful and shooting. It creates an air of nostalgia. A silent reminder of her own, long lost universe. Something dear burnt up in hellfire. She shakes her head to chase away the dark thoughts. As she said it before, long lost.
Maybe it’s just the mood of the day.
He really should be with his team ... he likes calling them family... but are they? Is the right his? After ... all? For example... where was he during those five years? Why was it Nat and Rhodey who became the godparents? Where was he?
She snapped her eyes back at her husband. He looked back apologetically, his blue eyes saying sorry.
The man shakes his head disapprovingly.
He rolls his cup between his fingers and stares at it intently. “It’s a really complicated and long story. I wouldn’t even know where to start,” he says quietly.
The cafe is busy, filled with people. He glances at the men and women, from face to face. He sees almost the same emotion on all of them. Lost. These people are lost. Just like him. They did it. They brought everyone back. But they lost so much.
"I really don't like you," he mutters.
“Sir?” Jarvis sounds hesitant this time. “Shall I alert ---”
"Then the day after tomorrow," she says. "Be there."
"Prevent it." Nick offered oh so helpfully.
“Where is everyone?” she forces out. It sounds even. Point for her.
The cat sighs wearily and moves out of the way. He never argues, Tony notes, at least not for long. He knows his history, how different their worlds were. How little differences, seemingly unimportant decision can alter reality. Terrifying.
She shrugs even though the man on the other end of the line can’t see her. “I recognized you,” she explains.
"You know. Stupid husband thinking that I need sleep before the big mission. Tinker means I probably have to cut back on sleep. Hence the veto on the subject. But man! I have ideas! Ideas!" she whines.
Rhodey and FRIDAY surgically removing the stones from Tony's ruined right hand.
“And?”
The big cat shakes its head and doesn’t move.
Her shoes almost slipped on the wet ground as she made her way down the stairs that led to the secret door of their bunker. She cast another wary glance around, despite her instincts saying that it was okay, no one was around. You can never be careful enough. When she was sure that it was clear, she pulled the cover plate away with her glove covered fingers and punched in her entrance code. As soon as the door opened wide enough, she slipped inside and the sensors closed the door behind her. She sighed heavily as the elevator started downstairs smoothly. After a few minutes, the elevator came to a halt and she stepped into the living room of their secret bunker/shelter.
So, Strange was there. The kid was there. One thing followed the other and the kid suddenly looked up and decided to throw hands with the Wizard.
"What?" she asks back. She rises to her feet again.
She sits up straight and this time there is nothing easy in her posture. She is rigid, battle-ready. Her brown eyes flash at him.
"Damn, that's harsh!" he grins. There is no amount of empathy present in his features. The bastard! He is probably already planning his full night long tinkering in one of the bunker's labs. Because of course, it has multiple of that. Stark's creation after all.
“You missed your turn,” FRIDAY’s voice reaches him through his earpiece.
And angry. Don't forget the angry.
“A friend of mine used to tinker on it.” he falters on the word friend because of so many reasons he can’t actually count, but then he soldiers on through the sentence. He swallows and turns away because his mind comes up with images that hurt hurt hurt. “He can’t anymore.”
Or watch out for Peter. He took it so badly. This is not something that the kid should be dealing with at such a young age. At least he still has his Aunt. But. He should be there. And what about Harley? The other youngling under Tony's broken wings? Who is taking care of that kid?
The garage is in Queens which means a tiny road trip for Steve. He tried not to look, tried to firmly keep his attention on the road, but it turned out to be impossible. There are painful reminders everywhere. The people are mourning too, he tries to remind himself. However, there is an ugly thing deep in him, which keeps asking:
"There is oil everywhere! When was the last time... Wait don't answer that! I don't want to know! Holly cow! What... This! Do you see this? This is a crack! How could... you... Argh!"
He looks down. His last project is in ruins. Broken, melted. His clenched fist sits snuggly between the pieces. It’s glowing red-orange.
"I'll look into it," he promises.
“I've come to a funeral,” was all he said, then simply walked past Steve. Captain Fucking America didn’t know what to do with that information. In the end, he didn’t do anything.
The tone that Nick used sounded off. It said more than his actual words. She frowned. "Like what..." she swallowed down the lump in her throat. It was not her version of Stever, but still, it was Steve!
He doesn't know what it is, but it's somewhat still calming. Reliable.
He should have made things right.
“Thank you, FRIDAY!” he smiles.
He sobers up too. He follows her gaze till his too settles onto the city once more. Then as she glances to the side, she sees that his blue eyes start to glow with the artificial blue color of the arc reactor. Zigg-sagging lights appear on his skin around his orbs. He is searching, so she waits for the results.
He has so many things to do. The funeral will be the next day after all.
"Extremis was a mistake."
“Hello!” Steve sounds hesitant, nervous. “I’m… oh, I forgot to introduce myself…. I am…”
Pepper, looked at Strange and thanked him for her daughter and the five years that he had given her. That was it. The new perspective they all needed.
By some miracle, the AI has decided to accompany him everywhere through his phone. It is a Stark phone, one that was a present from Tony, when he agreed to the Timeheist.
There is a feather-light touch on his arm and he almost jumps out of his skin. The woman, Amanda, is looking at him with head slightly cocked. This close her eyes look golden as the sun shines into them.
Man, she is tiny. Even in her high heeled boots.
He looks down and swirls the whiskey in his glass. He watches the tiny vortex made by the golden liquid and whishes to disappear inside of it. But he remains standing there, alone, a hole made by loss deepening in his chest.
He used to be sober.
"So we are buying a garage," he says finally.
It took them a while, but finally, they understood. With the Time Stone, Strange was able to see the future. He knew what would happen.
She decides that they are childish and not worthy of her time, so, she attacks her breakfast, omelet made by her husband with gusto.
"A very long week filled with leftovers." she deadpans. "I'm speaking from experience."
On closer inspection, she looks like a little ball of fury. Not that she is round. Actually, she is on the skinny side of the range. Maybe she has been a model when she was younger. That would explain her rigidly straight posture too. Or a ballerina. She has her hair up in a high, elegant ponytail, like the ones Pepper likes so much. The flaming red lipstick she used on her stern lips matches with her red coat and nail polish.
“There is coffee in the office. Bring me one too, will ya?”
Then the elevator arrived and took the pair away, leaving Steve behind to finish his mission in a daze.
“Ms. Armstrong?” he calls out.
While screaming about knowledge, chances, sacrifices, murder.
The black-furred cheetah jumps in front of him, effectively blocking his way. The green eyes that are looking at him are both disapproving and worried. It pisses him off even more.
"Can't. There is a funeral. Tomorrow." he says in a daze.
The almost brought the Second Civil War to life.
"If you finish this sentence, I'll murder you in cold blood," he warns.
Five years have gone by. Everything has been in motion except those people they brought back. The world hasn't actually stopped with their disappearance. So many have been born, so many have died during that period. Tony would know the exact numbers.
She lets out a frustrated sound and throws her arms up. He has to blink because of this, it is so... so Tony. He shakes his head.
“You should take better care of her.” she huffs after accepting the cup.
“Elaborate!” she forces out. She still sounds even and reasonable. Wow.
“She has us as parents. She’s already been traumatized.”
The effect is immediate - Tony’s expression darkens and closes up entirely, his beautiful eyes narrowing to slits. He steps forward a little, almost unconsciously, it seems, and Steve suddenly feels a different kind of flush start to rise on his neck.
“Because she’s fifteen. Fifteen-year-olds shouldn’t be making armor, they should be reading Twilight and asking each other to the high school dance.”
All three of them glance over to Bucky, who appears to be flirting earnestly with an ice sculpture. He’s so obviously drunk, no room for interpretation in the nearly incomprehensible slurring of his words and the way he can’t quite keep his balance, even though he’s trying to stand still. Steve feels a brief flicker of embarrassment, followed by a strong surge of affection.
“Maybe you should look into it. Cosmo would sell you a fortune.”
Oh. That was kind of hot.
“Right. Because when I think ‘who do I know who’s faced hardship’, the first name that comes to mind is definitely Brock Rumlow,” Tony mutters, voice dripping with sarcasm as he stares intently into Steve’s eyes like he’s searching for something. He’s—  he’s so close, now, close enough that Steve can feel the ghost of Tony’s breath fan out along the bridge of his nose.
“I’m not distracting you now.”
Steve reaches forward and lifts the veil, swiping his thumb along the tear tracks on Tony’s cheek. “So sappy,” he teases, and Tony reaches to tug him forward by his tie, and kiss him with far more tongue than is appropriate for a Family Friendly Event. He’s pretty sure there are people cheering in the background and someone’s playing the wedding march on an organ, but the only thing that matters is the heavy weight of Steve’s arms around his waist, the feeling of Steve’s breath across his mouth.
“Well, no, it doesn’t,” Riri begins, placing a hand on her hip and stepping back from the work table, “but you might as well, because you already act like you are.”
Steve wraps his fingers around Tony’s wrist and gently tugs it away, this soft, perfect look on his face. He bends down to kiss Tony again, and this time their bodies slot together, and Tony can push a hand up under the hem of the sweatshirt, run his fingers along the smooth skin of Steve’s stomach.
Steve draws back and quirks an eyebrow. “That so?”
“Friday?” he says hollowly, staring with growing dread at the little velvet box situated amongst Steve’s neatly folded underwear.
Steve thinks he might be crying.
“Oh, statement retracted, then.”
“I like a man who’s self-aware.”
the hell he’d be here in the first place. The universe does not appear to be in crisis, and even if the hard feelings between them had faded during their round two with Thanos, they weren’t — they weren’t casual, like this. They were no longer the kind of people who could just drop in on each other. Tony loved Steve and Steve loved him, but something about their last parting had seemed… final. Like Steve was letting him go, no flip phone to tether them together this time. It had hurt, but it had also felt like the cleanest break he could hope to get.
He’s thinking today is shaping up to be one of his best.
to be luxuriating in the afterglow, but he would still always let Tony in.
“Before I took over Arc, I was Mr. Stark’s personal assistant,” she explains, red lips tipping into a tender smile. Again, Steve can’t help but think —
“So are you actually… growing anything?”
. When he finally re-emerges, Steve is pretending to be asleep in their bed, and Ruby is trotting up to him with her ears tucked back, shoving her wet nose into his palm.
“Should we leave?” one of the kids asks - Led, perhaps? - glancing nervously between Tony and Peter.
Tony approaches the flowers cautiously, walking in a slow circle around them before running the tip of his finger along the lines of a rose petal. It’s really soft. His workspace smells sweet, now. There’s no card.
"Uh-huh," Tony says, blinking at her for several, long moments. She finishes her granola bar, crumples up the wrapper, and tosses it with scary-precise aim at the waste bin in the corner of his room. Tony tracks the graceful arc with tired eyes, and promptly decides he wants her hands nowhere near his funny business.
The next morning Tony puts the top down on one of the less expensive convertibles and drives them right into upstate New York. He doesn’t tell Steve where they’re going, he doesn’t listen to his music requests, and he refuses to pull over to the side of the road so they can fool around.
When Sam makes eye contact with him over a glass of prosecco in the middle of yet another toast about the power of love, Steve nearly trips over his own feet in his haste to slip out into the hallway.
They take the Subway home and Steve reaches for his hand across the seat, traces the lines of his palm from memory.
perfect, but in another sense, it kind of totally is. Because after everything they’ve been through, he never expected to get out without a little damage and, when the sadness clears and feeling edges its way back into their hearts, the view from the other side is fucking spectacular.
They fall asleep on the couch, playing that silly post-divorce game where they talk about everything and nothing with reckless disregard for the consequences of said conversation the next morning. Tony wakes up to the sound of a newscaster saying the storm has passed and travel is safe again.
Tony snorts and settles back against Steve’s chest, eyes immediately starting to drift closed. Steve stares down at the crown of his head, breathes in the scent of Tony’s shampoo, and wonders how in the world he got so lucky.
They fall into amicable silence. Tony rolls onto his stomach and pretends to read something in his notebook, but he’s actually listening to the sound of Steve breathing and shifting in the grass next to him. There are these moments, when they’re together, where Tony is so aware of his every movement like he’s anticipating something on pure instinct. He doesn’t know what, though, and he’s almost afraid to speculate.
“Ugh! “ he exclaims, looking down at them with an expression of utter betrayal, “Is it your ass? Is your ass that much bigger than mine?”
Steve stares at his lips. Steve stares at his lips a lot, actually, and Tony’s really starting to think he has some sort of repressed Victorian fetish, or something, because this has to be the most agonizing build up to a kiss that he’s ever, ever endured.
Steve says nothing, just smiles more and ducks down to kiss Tony. He pulls away and reaches one hand between Tony’s legs. There’s something hauntingly beautiful about the shadows across his jaw, the power behind broad his shoulders. As imposing as he looks, Tony swears he’s never felt anything as soft as Steve’s thighs bracketing his hips.
He walks into the workshop one morning to find a truly massive bouquet of rich red flowers sitting on his desk. There are roses and poinsettia leaves and fuzzy grey willows. Tony’s first thought is that it’s some sort of evil scheme, and that if he takes a single step closer the flowers are going to blow up. He spends an inordinate amount of time frozen in the doorway.
Contrary to what her leather fetish gear might suggest, the footage Friday dug up of Oubilette “Exterminatrix” Midas suggests that she can’t be older than twenty-three, maybe twenty-four. He feels like he ought to be calling her parents rather than dismantling her evil plot. He supposes, if they’re efficient, there’ll be time for both.
“You do, do you?”
As time inches into December, Steve finds he’s actually not doing too bad with the last one. As he makes his way home from a long shift at the gallery— nose red, hands frozen, goosebumps all over from the frigid New York air seeping under his coat — he’s not thinking about Tony at all. He’s mostly thinking about dinner, and how he really regrets promising himself no more McDonald's.
She’s sitting at her desk, legs folded in front of her, a notebook on her lap. Steve doesn’t actually know what it is Natasha does for a living — none of them do — but the most specific description he’s ever gotten is ‘internship for the State Department’. He thinks she’s working from home right now, based on the number of pens, notebooks, and print-outs scattered across her desk. Her face is clean and her hair is pulled back into a neat ponytail.
The microwave beeps obnoxiously. Steve moves away for a second, and Tony dimly registers the sound of him plating up cake, retrieving silverware. He sets it in front of Tony with a dull thud, and Tony regards it warily. He picks up a fork and pokes it. Steve is truly in league with Satan, if he can make a cake that still looks good after half a month in the freezer and a thorough defrosting.
“—Fuck, Steve, I didn’t mean it like—“
Steve's entirely unashamed as he meets Tony’s gaze, eyes startling, blue, and sharp. “Just wanted to see you.”
talk to me about my stevetony addiction at quidhitch dot tumblr dot com
Steve leaves the same way he arrived, far too casually for Tony to comprehend. They haven’t touched each other once since he’s arrived - they both know that’s a one-way ticket to Bad Decision Land - but, despite this, Steve gives Tony’s shoulder a quick squeeze on his way out. Tony thinks it’s supposed to be some kind of reassurance.
Tony winks at him.
It only took three more “accidental” lab fires for Tony to ask him out. After one year of the best, most intense relationship Tony had ever had, he’d worked up the nerve to propose. And things were fine — great, even, over the three years following the wedding. They had their problems, of course, they were wildly different people and sometimes that made partnership difficult, but every obstacle was so inherently surmountable, because Steve loved Tony, and Tony loved Steve, and no matter what kind of fucked up shit was happening in their lives or in the world, that would always, always be true.
“Shut up,” Natasha says, “it’s okay if you don’t have time, though. It’s obviously not an emergency.”
“Tony,” Steve says, caught between laughing and trying to sound stern. “Seriously. This was a good break, but we can still make it back in time for midnight if you want.”
“I look ridiculous,” Steve laughs, a little breathy as he glances down at his semi-naked form.
, Tony considers.
It’s wrong. It’s stupid. It’s a misguided way of thinking that gets good people hurt more often than it gets bad people what they deserve. ...And yet, Tony thinks that, even given the odds, even given his years of horrible experience… maybe, just maybe, it’s not a choice for some people. Steve was right that first week they both met her - Riri’s not going to give up on this, and if she can’t get Tony’s help, she’s likely to resort to doing it on her own. Maybe it’s coded into her DNA, her fucking destiny, and to try to push back against it is to try to defy the natural order of the universe.
“You always did start to sound like a Hallmark card the closer we got to Valentine’s Day.”
He hasn’t set foot in a police precinct since he was — god, he doesn’t even know, seventeen, maybe? Sixteen? Before Howard got every police chief on the Upper East Side in his pocket, started bribing them to take Tony straight home. Unsurprisingly, they look mostly the same, except now the flickering fluorescent lights are gonna give his middle-aged brain a migraine.
He spends his time in Tony’s workshop either reading or sketching. He doesn’t complain about the music but he does make Tony take breaks every few hours. One afternoon he sees Tony rub a little at the soreness in his neck, and he shows up the next morning with a manual entitled 'Yoga For Beginners' tucked under his arm.
“You draw?” Tony asks, inclining his head slightly at Steve’s sketchbook. Steve presses down the urge to huddle it closer to his chest.
It takes him an annoying amount of time to pull apart the strange embarrassment curling in his gut. When he looks up, he finds that the object of his fascination doodling on a paper napkin.
More children start showing up.
“I’m saying that you should just accept that the guy cares about you and wants to be there for you, if he can,” Rhodey says, leaning back in the booth and folding his arms over his chest.
“What if I called you, too?” Steve says, voice still careful, like he’s navigating a space covered in broken glass. “And maybe we don’t— we don’t even have to talk about what we’re feeling. We can just be each other’s distractions. You know?”
Tony doesn’t respond to his email, but he has a pretty good excuse as to why. He and Sam are watching the news when, seemingly out of nowhere, they start rolling footage of a Stark Industries press conference.
But when James Rhodes turns up on the apartment doorstep completely out of the blue at 8 AM on a Sunday morning, Steve feels he’s entitled to a little more information.
Tony is wearing the sexy Santa costume, but the pants are a little big on him, so he appears to have tied a shoelace around his waist in an effort to prop them up. He is holding a very tangled popcorn and cranberry garland and looking at Steve with this adorably befuddled, slightly deflated expression.
“Stop poking me with your ribs!”
“Kay. Take my wallet, buy all the Schezuans.”
“Oh my god,” Steve says quietly, “I mean— oh my god? Who would do that? Who do we know in the fucking mayor’s office?”
“I think you should bring back the old costume,” he says sagely, stopping in the middle of the lawn. He holds an arm out and Steve easily steps into his space, tucks against his side.
“We’re going to have a fight in the morning,” Tony tells him, tilting his chin up to look at Steve. “Our first fight as a married couple.”
O’Reilly turned beet red, got this funny look on his face, then started stumbling, trying to form some kind of intelligent response. Steve cut him off cleanly and cooly.
Steve looks at Sam with wide eyes and Sam presses his finger to his lips, grinning like a moron. Steve huffs out a small, barely perceptible sigh and presses his laughter into Sam’s shoulder.
(Across A Crowded Room, yes, god, he knows how it sounds. He knows how all of it sounds.)
Amusement glints in Steve’s eyes as he says “so you asked me about pork rinds.”
As soon as Steve asks the question, Peter turns about fifteen different shades of red and the whispering behind him gets louder and more frantic. He opens his mouth, then closes it, looking vaguely like a gaping fish before holding up the giant binder clasped in his arms as if to explain.
Steve meets Brock Rumlow at the bakery. The bakery is Steve’s favorite job - better hours than the Pottery Barn and better company than the frozen yogurt store, plus he gets to take home pastries at the end of the day and curry favor with his hungry roommates. That afternoon, Steve’s coworker has stepped out and he’s alone in the shop singing along to Abba (slightly off-key) under his breath.
It’s hard to go slow, after that.
If possible, we’d like to hear your decision by the end of the week. I understand that’s quite a short turnaround, but the timeline of the initiative is quite unforgiving.
“Because he gets better. You just have to give him, like, four tries to get it right,” Peter chimes in.
“Only for you,” Tony teases, arousal rushing in from the sudden pressure of Steve’s hips.
He’s getting
“I have a flight.”
Tony’s grin widens as he undoes a couple buttons on his dress shirt, lazily making his way towards the set of double doors that lead into the bedroom. He tries to be quiet as slips inside, but Steve’s already pushing up on his elbows, smiling drowsily at Tony and rubbing at his eyes. Tony would never tell him, but he secretly thinks it’s cute that he looks so small in the wide expanse of Tony’s California King Size mattress.
He drives himself out there in a truck, of all things, ‘cause he can’t take one of the sports cars. It’s a stick. Takes him about 2 minutes to get the hang of it.
“I mean, you obviously do,” Riri rolls her eyes, which is, unfortunately, a habit Tony thinks she might have picked up from him. “But whatever. Tell me what I’m doing wrong here, why won’t this turn on?”
“Feel what?” Steve asks, a parody of Tony’s earlier teasing. He’s such a bitch. Tony can’t get enough of it, honestly.
“S’not really mine,” Tony drains the last of his drink and swivels to face Steve, appraising him languidly, “what happened to your eye?”
“Fine,” Tony leans up against the doorway. Steve looks like he wants to touch Tony but he won’t until he has explicit permission. Tony wants to grant him that, wants to feel Steve’s arms around him more than he wants to breathe, but the words are stuck in his throat. “M’Fine, I just couldn’t sleep.”
“No,” Tony interjects, shaking his head. “Fuck no. Fuck that. You’re— you’re perfect, you’re exactly what I needed. What I still need. I’m just... I’m different, Pep, and I don't know how to explain it.”
Sunset leans forward, a hint of a challenge glimmering in her eye. “Do they crack top ten sexiest professions?”
He tips his head back and laughs exactly once, and Tony thinks the bared line of his throat is the most beautiful thing he’s ever seen.
“Anthony, if you put me through this for literally no reason, I’ll actually stab you. I’ll take off my stiletto and stab you right now, don’t think I won’t.”
“Yeah, maybe!”
“My point still stands.”
because Steve, full grown at 4’’11 and 95 pounds, could reasonably be classified as a little thing himself.
“I’m always drunk," Tony mutters, something resembling resignation creasing his brow. He looks away from Steve, eyes dim and unfocused. "That’s really something you should know about me before we continue this conversation.”
The next morning Steve turns up on his doorstep in worn out jeans, yet another flannel, and gardening gloves. In his arms is a huge cardboard box with flowers, seeds, and shovels. He’s got a smile that’s equal parts optimism and stubbornness.
And then there are days when Tony can’t stop touching him. All platonic, of course, hands on shoulders and elbows against sides and knees bumping together, but it feels like a meaningful reassurance all the same. Sometimes Tony just needs to know, that he’s there and Steve’s there and they’re not fighting anymore and it’s going to be okay.
?” Tony questions, still incredulous.
There had been a time he thought Sam and Steve were— that they had started—... well. Tony's pretty embarrassed about it now.
He doesn’t even know how to describe it, really. Something changed. Something that made Tony realize the urgency of protecting Steve, of protecting his idealized America, of fighting for it with him, even when they disagreed, maybe especially when they did.
“Sounds good. Thanks again, Mr. Rogers.”
“So why has Tony refused to help you with all this?” Steve asks, arms folded over his chest. The question may be directed at Riri, but Tony’s clearly the one Steve’s expecting an answer from.
“God, I was so embarrassed. Thought I was gonna spontaneously combust.”
“Probably America,” Steve is grinning, wide and breathless as he swipes the device away from Tony. “Just give me a second, I’ll take this call and tell her I can’t come in today.”
Steve, still deeply confused, shakes his head, “I don’t understand, what happened?”
Tony frowns. That gel had been a part of Rhodey’s most recent birthday gift. It had come with a collection of other comically pointed items such as adult diapers, dentures, black and white movies, and prune juice. “I am not using that,” Tony says, and kisses Steve to shut him up.
Then Natasha had ducked out of the room to take a shower and told Steve she’d just be twenty minutes, and Steve wasn’t sure if he was allowed to leave or if that meant she wanted him to stay, so he’d hovered awkwardly in the kitchen until Rhodes and Sunset needled him into round two of only slightly less excruciating small talk. At least Steve plucks up the courage to ask if it's alright that he does a little sketching while he waits, and Rhodes is very sweet about it even though Sunset continues to eye his notebook like it might contain an annotated copy of the Kama Sutra.
“You don’t have to tell me anything,” Steve says, arms folded over his chest. “Just— blink twice, if I’m right. It was Tony Stark.”
Tony kisses Steve goodbye like he’s trying to memorize the shape of his mouth, to take Steve with him when he leaves.
“She fell through the roof of the barn,” he shrugs, taking a bite of a snap pea.
“No?”
Steve makes a noncommittal sound of agreement, eyes drifting closed. “At least Natasha found some fun.”
“Here. To our house. ‘Cause his Aunt would kick his ass, his best friend would kick his ass, and we have better snacks.”
“Thank you, Steve,” he says finally, and it feels small and insignificant against how much he loves the gift. “It’s perfect.”
Tony, who is absurdly inebriated and has way too many weird feelings about Steve to be around him right now, suppresses the urge to sigh deeply. “What?”
“Yes, Boss?”
Sam spends most of the day on the phone with Hopkins, trying to coordinate a way to finish his fellowship remotely. Natasha sets up a temporary arrangement where she can work out of her old office during the day, and Steve picks up a shift bartending at The Silverado at night, so they trade off on Bucky-watch.
“I don’t understand, they — they’re taking a weekend trip to California?”
“—It’s not your fault,” Steve interrupts, frowning again. He pushes his fingers into the softly curling hair at Tony’s nape, tugging insistently, “it’s not. But anyways, that doesn’t matter. I like you, too.”
“You wanna go upstairs?” asks the guy who definitely wants to sleep with him.
Peter has a black eye and Riri’s bleeding from her temple, so even though the so-called Exterminatrix and her army of freaky teen girl robots don’t really require much energy to take out, Tony and Steve come at them like they’re battling the biggest bad they’ve ever fought. He thinks they’re maybe stepping on America’s moment, because she seems to be hell-bent on taking out every one of Steve’s targets before he can get to them, though Steve is quick enough and angry enough that it’s actually not that much of a deterrence.
“You think it’s big enough?” Tony asks, taking a bite of burnt toast. He is literally incapable of using the toaster correctly and Steve has no idea why he insists on trying, day after day.
Anyways, at some point Tony comes across a report marked up with Bruce’s indecipherable handwriting. He calls Steve over to discern if the sentence in front of him says “tick a witch, lick a fish, or bitch bitch bitch”.
“You’ve checked in on Ruby ten times.”
Tony doesn’t say anything to that, just raises an eyebrow, the corner of his mouth curling into a small, amused smile. He’s startlingly handsome in that moment, the dark glimmer of his sharply intelligent eyes still alluring to Steve, even given everything he knows and everything he’s seen. Steve finds himself momentarily disarmed and Tony seems to realize it, because he suddenly sets down his empty glass, gives Steve yet another excruciatingly thorough once-over, and says, in a low, curious voice, “alright, slugger. Come dance with me.”
“Definitely not.”
But they lock eyes and Tony feels a blaze of heat in his stomach, goosebumps rising on his arms, tingling at the roots of his hair like he’s just swallowed a nickel-sized lump of Wasabi.
, Tony thinks, and takes a meaningful bite of his sugar cookie.
He runs his thumb along the line of Steve’s jaw, then unceremoniously flips them over. Steve makes a little ‘oof’ sound, but he’s laughing too, wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist as Tony settles comfortably between his legs.
As he ascends the six flights of stairs leading to his apartment, Steve Rogers contemplates the pros and cons of taking a bath.
“Happy Valentine’s, Steve.”
“Fuck off.”
The other intern, Peter, is on a whole other level. He’s worked directly with Tony on multiple different occasions and clearly idolizes him. Peter is such a well-meaning, earnest kid that Steve initially worries he’s buying into the public persona of Tony Stark, this unachievable hyper-masculine ideal that drinks all day, sleeps with beautiful women all night, and runs a company somewhere in-between. But once they actually get to talking, Steve realizes that Peter’s admiration feels much more personal.
(Steve still does lots of stupid, unnecessary, dangerous shit, but at least he makes an honest effort to tell Tony before he does. And, at Tony’s vehement direction, he stays the fuck away from Reed Richards unless the world is actually, literally ending.)
When he leaves for a drive with Steve, his house is empty. When he comes home an hour and a half later, there are seven children sprawled haphazardly across his living room.
Six hours. Just six hours. And at the tail end of it, Tony’s had eight cups of coffee, snapped thirteen pencils, and set seven fires.
Neither of them mentions the messiness of the house, but Tony is certain Pepper will have smuggled the business cards of three cleaning companies in the drawer of his nightstand by tomorrow morning. They head down to the workshop so he can show them what he’s been working on, and he lets Pepper package up a couple of the designs to take back to SI. Rhodey looks over the work with his usual meticulous, practical eye, doling out helpful criticism and praise in equal measure.
Tony grins lazily, lifts his head from Steve’s shoulder to look up at him. “Come on, Rogers,” he leans forward, kisses the concerned tilt of Steve’s mouth, “I knew exactly what I was getting into when I married you.”
Tony gives a noncommittal grunt in response and Steve indulges him for a couple moments longer, running a soothing hand down his spine and rubbing sweetly at the sore muscles in Tony’s neck. Tony’s still half asleep but that doesn’t stop the rising ache in his chest, the reminder that he used to have this every day and he somehow lost it. Fuck that.
“Hey, guys,” Steve starts gently, glancing away from Tony, who’s still staring at him with rapt attention, and completely ignoring Peter, who’s hanging off his suit jacket like an overenthusiastic octopus. “This isn’t really a good—“
“It’s good for your back,” Steve says, lowering his legs to the floor gracefully, abdominal muscles fluttering. Show off, Tony thinks, feeling old and bitter.
“You can borrow the jet!”
“What a fucking dick,” Sam says quietly. He carefully leaves pity out of his voice, knowing Steve well-enough to estimate how that would go over. “Probably better he thinks that, anyway. If he liked you you’d have to deal with him hitting on you.”
-- but there’s something about Riri that makes him stall. She hasn’t so much as glanced back at him since he came in, even though Tony knows she’s watched this footage - she’s watched the footage of every public Iron Man fight from the past ten years - about a million times. And Tony knows it isn’t because she puts the Avengers up on some kind of pedestal - it’s the exact opposite. She’s watching so closely because she’s cataloging his every mistake, already programming and re-programming the schematics in her mind to work through or around Tony’s most obvious pitfalls.
Thor’s doing something with lightning in the background, Tony feels the thunder in his bones. Steve’s clutching his arms and asking him something.
Steve wrinkles his nose. “Are you putting me in league with Ronald Reagan ‘cause you’re mad at me or ‘cause you’re trying out some kind of reverse psychology seduction strategy?”
What exactly they're denying exactly, he doesn't want to think about. Frankly seems like a problem for Future Tony.
“Is she hot?”
“Fuck,” Tony agrees.
Steve and Tony get caught in a series of increasingly elaborate parent traps in the duration of the three and a half weeks, and at one point Steve is certain that Peter, MJ, Ned, Pepper, and Linda from Accounting are all in on it. After the run in at the research facility, he and Tony get:
“You guys know I’m scientifically classified as a genius, right?”
“Whatever,” Tony says finally, and he doesn’t invite Steve inside, but he leaves the door open as he turns around, which is basically the same thing.
“Hello,” Steve laughs, holding up the most intricately folded, strangely shaped paper football he has ever seen in his life. “What the hell is this?”
“—Anyways. Okay. Number one. I’m, uh, really fucking sorry about Natasha and Rhodey. While I honestly thought she didn’t like him and he was just kind of temporarily infatuated her, the second we skipped town I realized that wasn’t true.” The blue webbing of the hologram parts, and a few photos of Rhodes pop up, looking fairly unhappy at what looks like various LA clubs and parties. In one, he’s clearly rebuffing the advances of some girl, buried in his phone and ignoring her completely as she paws at his arm.
Steve, in a way he knows few other people in his life.
It’s a bad look.
“What does— what does that have to do with
“Yeah,” Bucky shifts, adjusting his place amongst the absolute mountain of pillows crowding his bed, “but, like, its jello right? It would just slide right out.”
Tony doesn’t know what to say, because for someone so supposedly brilliant, it really only takes one besotted rambling from Steve Rogers to undo him completely.
There’s a drawn out silence before Natasha, in a cautiously interested voice, says, “…continue.”
Steve’s face crumples. He looks like he wants to reach for him, but decides against it at the last second, tucking his hand against his side and flexing his fingers. “I know. I know, baby, I’m so sorry.”
Steve’s throat constricts and he’s afraid he won’t be able to say anything without crying. It takes a couple seconds to find his voice.
“I know.”
Steve’s eyes feel wet and he sniffles pathetically, hastily wiping at them with the sleeve of his sweatshirt. “Missed you too, Buck.”
But when he doesn’t, he wakes up to find his husband curled into a little ball at the furthest end of the bed, and Tony has to carefully unfurl him in the early hours of the morning.
After the fourth trap — which is, admittedly, one of the weaker ones, Peter just shoves Tony into the studio and closes the door behind him — Steve and Tony start hanging out voluntarily. Steve feels kind of guilty about it and conceals it from Natasha as best he can, but after fighting through the three truly awful protective layers of Tony’s personality, Steve thinks he’s entitled to enjoy this side of him — kind, whip-smart, and pretty endearingly starry-eyed about clean energy.
“Oh, great, crazy coincidence, so am I.” Tony rambles, completely shameless as he rolls over to straddle Steve’s stomach, ignoring Steve’s light grunt and bracing his palms on his large barrel of a chest. Steve, despite his initial morning grouchiness, looks up at Tony fondly and runs his hands down Tony’s sides, settling his thumbs into the little divots in Tony’s hips.
Steve nods and takes a sip of his beer, perusing through the Google results.
“Yeah,” Tony agrees, looks like he wants to say more, then abruptly closes his mouth. “Really good.”
“Don’t think what’s a good idea?” It’s a challenge. Steve knows it is, from the way his mouth takes on a skeptical kind of tilt.
“No.”
When Tony deposits Riri on her mom’s front doorstep, Ms. Williams comes out to talk to him. Tony briefly considers making a break for it, but he doesn’t think the people driving his getaway car would be very amiable towards the idea. Still, as Ms. Williams approaches with tired eyes and an entreating smile, everything in Tony screams run, run, run, run.
“Yes, dear,” Tony rolls his eyes, taking a sip of his coffee.
“Like, all - all fucking chivalrous and sweet and shit. Offering to give the son of the merchant of death a ride home. Jesus. Someone’s going to take advantage of that if you’re not careful.” Steve would wonder if that was some sort of weird threat, but Tony sounds genuinely disgruntled and frustrated. The comment makes some strange emotion shift in Steve’s chest, though he convinces himself it’s as uncharitable as everything else he’s felt towards the man in front of him.
They carry on with the rest of breakfast — Tony shaming Steve for putting ketchup all over his eggs (disgusting), and Steve very carefully and diligently monitoring Tony’s caffeine intake (something about him getting older now. Whatever.) It’s the same thing they do every morning, but there’s a hum of excitement at their new plans underscoring the conversation. Steve smiles just a little brighter at Tony's jibes and kisses Tony just a little longer at their goodbye.
He nearly falls out of his stool at the responding hologram.
Or all the powers of the universe came together to aid him in royally screwing that up; he’s still not sure what happened there, really. In any case, he’d gone back to the story that had actually worked for him: just not gonna happen for me, lifelong bachelor, Penthouse for one.
“Seriously. It won’t hurt my feelings.”
Steve shakes his head.
“Aren’t you taking the bit a little too far?” Steve asks, very much not on the Kismet Train Tony is currently conducting. Or maybe he is, and he’s just fucking with Tony, it’s difficult to tell. His expression is this disorienting combination of curiosity and amusement, and it’s not exactly that Tony
Tony grins, but takes a quick bite of the brownie before Steve can snatch the tin back.
Tony takes a small sip of his coffee, unreasonably pleased that he continues to be such a horrible influence.
“This is what you do to calm down?” Tony asks, and feels a small wave of affection at the thought of Steve leaving parties to just… come up here. And sit alone, twiddling his thumbs and waiting for everyone to leave.
“I love you, too.”
“We’re getting married,” Steve says again, breathless with laughter and grinning at Tony.
"Hey," she says, raising her granola bar in greeting.
Steve offers another small, humorless smile. “Okay.”
“Honesty,” Steve decides, and Tony rolls his eyes.
Tony has taken off and re-knotted the tie twice already.
Tony tries not to wince at his cutting tone. He has the passing thought that he needs an emergency contact who doesn’t talk to Rhodey, but then he remembers Pepper would stab him with her stiletto if he swapped her for literally anyone else.
“What time’s your mom expecting you?” he asks innocently, exchanging a meaningful look with Pepper.
“Shit,” Steve says, because he honestly has no idea what else to say. He’d figured Tony was caught up in some nefarious crap in the way that most disgustingly wealthy people were, but it was one thing to speculate and another to receive direct confirmation.
Steve shoots him a hurried glance over his shoulder. “Why would I be making pancakes?”
“So. I guess that’s it. See you around, slugger.”
“Stop oppressing me,” Tony grumbles, eyeing the green concoction in front of him with no small amount of distaste. Steve personally thinks he’s being a bit of a baby about it. He tried the kale. It wasn’t that bad.
“I love you.”
“Oh man, at least five.”
There’s a pause where Steve mentally envisions Tony doing a facepalm.
“Right,” Steve says, actively overthinking it.
“You’re not allowed in the workshop,” Tony says brusquely, “and my rule is everyone out by 9:30.”
And he looks unreal. He’s wearing a deep red pea coat and a scarf of the same color, and Steve can make out the lines of an immaculate tuxedo underneath. He looks like he just came from the Golden Globes. And Steve— Steve looks like he just came from a six-hour shift at work where he only narrowly avoided spilling coffee on himself and falling asleep on the subway.
“Holy fuck,” he mutters, face still squished on the table.
Steve makes a derisive noise in the back of his throat and takes hold of Tony’s chin. Tony blinks at him. “Listen to me. You can color your hair if you really want to and if it makes you feel confident. I’ll find you beautiful either way. But in my genuine, honest opinion,” Steve pauses, brushes a couple of silver strands away from Tony’s forehead, “you look nice like this. And if my entering this room and promptly dropping to my knees at the edge of the bed wasn’t enough to prove that to you, then, frankly, we should revisit this whole ‘genius’ designation you’ve been given. May no longer be applicable.”
There’s something meaningful, intentional about Natasha’s voice. Like she’s suggesting Steve’s got the answe somehow. He just doesn’t have the energy for her riddles today.
Rhodey doesn’t say anything when Pepper comes out with puffy eyes and squeezes Tony just a bit too hard during her hug goodbye. He gives Tony eyes though - We Will Talk About It Later Eyes - so Tony knows an interrogation is forthcoming.
“Are you going to come in or are you just going to stand in the doorway all night?”
“Also, we love her,” Sam chokes out — a quick glance backward tells Steve he’s struggling out of Bucky’s headlock.
He’s got an arm slung around Steve, who seems to be all but carrying him, fingers red from the blood seeping through Sam’s shirt.
the tower, so the fact that he went to the trouble to get them just feels—
“Tony?”
And that feels like a gut punch — because maybe Tony hadn’t quite realized or processed it yet, that that was what he was thinking about while standing on the ledge of a heart-rending drop. Had he really wanted that? To die?
“What the hell were you doing?” Steve whispers, voice somehow soft and cutting at the same time. His eyes are big, so much bigger than they normally are.
Dear Steven Rogers,
Tony thinks.
Brock looks strangely affected by this information, fingers flexing in a vaguely threatening way. Steve’s watched muscly guys do that too many times to be afraid — it’s usually preceded by a punch, and Steve can take a punch — but the mannerism does pique his interest.
Steve’s mouth tips into an absent smile. “You promise to eat?” he asks, fishing his phone out of his back pocket and scrolling through text messages.
The bed isn’t big enough for all of them to climb into at once, but Natasha drags another chair into the room and they sit as close as they possibly can. Natasha gently taking hold of the edge of the blanket curled around Bucky’s legs, and Steve settling his hand on top of Bucky’s cast.
It’s going to be a December wedding. Tony rents out a mansion in upstate New York, and Steve compiles a guest list so short he only needs one piece of paper. They release a press announcement that they’re engaged, but Pepper carefully centers the detail that they haven’t decided on a date yet. The last thing they need is a bunch of news outlets crashing their quiet, distinguished ceremony.
Steve doesn’t bring up Riri’s armor again and an easy kind of back and forth settles between them, an approximation of the relationship they had before. It’s a little more cautious, this time around, occasionally teasing the line between comfort and light wariness, but it feels like a good basis for the new normal. Steve stops by Tony’s place every day, sometimes for the whole afternoon and sometimes for a few hours in the morning or the evening. Tony doesn’t ask what he does when he’s not there - apparently it’s not Captain America stuff, seeing as that’s Sam’s thing now - and Steve doesn’t volunteer any information on the subject.
It’s something people always say: the wind whistled.
“But you’re mistaken, about Tony. He’s so deeply loyal to those he loves,” Viz presses, then looks down and absently examines the face of his own watch. “Just last week I learned that he talked one of his dearest friends out of a dead-end relationship.”
“We know you know. You know everything. So why are you actually calling?”
“Hey,” Tony says, grinning lazily.
Steve gets even pinker.
Tony makes a lot of shit that doesn’t go anywhere, which is something people don’t really understand about science. For every revolutionizing piece of technology he creates, there are about ten other failed solutions he tried first. Sometimes the parts are reusable, sometimes even failed prototypes are worth saving, and other times--
Tony Stark goes through therapists like Larry King goes through wives.
(If only Pepper could see him now. Maturity.)
“This doesn’t mean I forgive you,” she says quietly, letting a little warmth seep into her voice.
Rhodes looks like he wants to say something about the drinking, but he purses his lips a little and shakes his head. Sunset, sitting next to him with her absurdly long legs draped one over the other, eyes Tony like some kind of starving jungle cat. Steve shifts uncomfortably in his seat.
“Yeah,” Steve’s voice takes on a soft, affectionate note. He looks back at Sam with so much love in his eyes that it makes Tony’s chest ache. “Think it kinda snuck up on the both of them. Bucky doesn’t quite approve of the Captain America thing. Keeps trying to follow him on ops, take out the threats before Sam has a chance.”
Steve goes back to the grilled cheese and turns the stove off, carefully flattening it further with the spatula, just the way Tony likes.
person I'm talking to right now -
Tony tucks up against his husband in the back seat, resting his head on Steve’s shoulder and shifting around to accommodate the presence of Steve’s arm around his waist. Steve turns his head to press a kiss on top of Tony’s head, and Tony tension he didn’t even know he was holding drain slowly out of his body.
Several hours into their wedding day, however, Tony will admit that this particular practice may have some merit. Spending this much time apart from Steve, all the while holding the knowledge of what they’re going to do today and what they’re going to do tonight, the anticipation becomes deliciously torturous. At one point he swears he sees someone with Steve’s blonde hair and broad shoulders ducking into a bathroom, and he has to excuse himself to go furiously jack off in his room. He’s not sure if that’s what Steve had in mind when he went on that ten-minute spiel about Cultivating The Atmosphere for their Perfect Moment, but it felt pretty romantic to Tony.
The really shitty thing about it is that Tony knows, when Steve does end up leaving, this image of him is going to be burned behind Tony’s eyelids, probably paired with the words ‘you did this to him’ playing on a maddening loop inside his head.
It’s a trial, pulling away from Steve’s sleep warm skin and groping for his clothes in the dark, but this is both of their punishment for calling it quits. They made their bed and now they have to get out of it.
“That’s fine,” Tony smiles and wonders if he imagines the way Steve’s gaze drops to his mouth. “Can I have your number?”
"That's right."
Tony, desperately trying to remember how to be charming, offers his hand and plasters a smile on his face. “Pleasure’s all mine, ma’am. Sorry this introduction didn’t come earlier, the first time we met Riri took me a little by surprise.”
“No,” Tony repeats, “you died, Peter. Barely more than a year ago, you died. I don’t see how you think this is a point of negotiation.”
“You know, Riri, they say the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results.”
“They
“I’m sorry that I—“ she cuts herself off, looking down and then out the window, blinking away her own tears. Tony holds her hand, tangling their fingers together. She looks back towards him, a faint, shaking smile on her lips. “I’m sorry that I couldn’t help you, couldn’t be what you need.”
“Kids these days,” Tony muses, tinkering with a piece of Riri’s new faceplate, “they don’t call, they don’t write, and they’ve always got the worst excuses.”
Peter takes a small, steadying breath. The one who’s not Led - the girl - has her hand loosely placed on his ankle. “I didn’t die forever. There’s still work to do. I took a break, for a while, but Mr. Stark... nothing’s changed. This is still what I want and I think I’m just getting started.”
Steve’s breath hitches sharply as they lift off and Tony’s arm tightens around his waist. It’s a little silly, but the part of his mind that isn’t agonizing over Riri is thinking:
“I need a better security team,” he says, voice loud and authoritative even as he pinches the bridge of his nose in annoyance.
Which makes Tony try to weakly slap one of Steve’s boobs, but that’s actually a lot more painful for him because of the fresh burns on his hand, so the prospect of dinner is abandoned entirely until he gets a little medical attention.
“Um… wow. I just said— a lot. That was a lot. This is too much."
A couple weeks into the relationship, Natasha spends her first night at Rhodes’ place. Then she spends the next night there. Then the next one. Steve would be more worried if she wasn’t sending him bi-daily text updates, but still. He misses her, which is why the second he sees she’s calling him, he scrambles to pick up the phone and nearly knocks over his own paint water in the process.
“Because I’ve been your friend for four years and for the majority of that time you’ve been, like, right on the edge of murder. We’ve got an apartment pool going on how long you’ll last.”
Another small, tense silence descends upon them, and the space between their bodies has shrunk so dramatically that Steve’s struck with the strange notion that they keep trading the same three angry breaths, in and out, tension animating every movement. For a split-second Steve swears that Tony’s eyes drop down to his mouth; but then he’s pulling away, stepping back rapidly and pressing a hand to his forehead as if to collect himself. The tight line of his shoulders quivers once, then he abruptly turns on his heel and reaches for the door, swinging it open with tightly controlled anger.
, Tony thinks, but doesn’t say because he abruptly remembers he’s trying to be a better influence this time around. “Of course I love Steve,” he says dismissively, leaning back in his chair and rubbing his eyes. “He’s — he was a really good friend and a close teammate. That doesn’t mean we’re going to get married.”
Anyways, the point is, Tony and therapists go together like sandpaper and bare ass, so when he sees Pepper’s scheduled an appointment with a Dr. Burford this weekend, he promptly deletes it.
“Right, yeah,” Tony says back awkwardly, looking like he’s actively suppressing the urge to run away screaming. “Cool. I just thought— you know, the sun.”
He sits in silence waiting for Tony to say something. The moment stretches so long that he hears the error tone play through the speakers on Steve’s phone, and the automated lady asks if he’d like to record the message again.
November’s probably a little too early to be making a Resolutions list, but Steve’s pretty eager to leave most of the past 10 months behind.
“But you haven’t said anything,” Steve says faux-casual as supplies his keys, brushes past Tony, and bounds up the two stairs on the stoop, settling onto the welcome mat and brushing off his sneakers. “Do you want to come inside?”
Riri snorts and folds her arms over her chest, cocking her hip to one side. “Was it supposed to be hard?”
And the worst thing is, since he’s so quiet, Tony doesn’t always wake when it happens. Sometimes he does, and then he can gather Steve into his arms, rub his chest, kiss his forehead, and tell him it’s going to be just fine. Everything’s going to be just fine.
But Pepper staunches that disturbing line of thought by saying, “Anyways, of course we’ll stand at the front, Tony. Is there something in particular you want us to wear?”
Both she and Rhodey are impressed with Riri’s encyclopedic knowledge of everything. She even prattles off mindless statistics about armor that was never released for public consumption, somehow managing to get in both the year it was crafted and the error that halted production on the same breath. At one point, Rhodey looks around her head to raise an eyebrow at Tony, mouthing “for real?”. And all Tony can do is nod, ‘cause yeah, for real.
“Thank god,” Sam emerges moments later, throwing a grateful arm around Steve’s shoulder and leading them rapidly away from the dance hall. “I was dying in there.”
Tony’s done that once in this lifetime, and he wasn’t terribly pleased with the results.
“Fifteen,” she corrects, glancing up from her work and giving him the kind of murderous glare that would make Pepper proud. “Fifteen, but I’ve already witnessed someone die, gone to college, and learned how to file my family’s taxes. Only an idiot would treat me like a normal fifteen-year-old.”
It takes a while, but he finds a topic. He tells her about the whales he saw right before their last mission. She listens intently as she works. There is a half-smile on her lips as he goes into details about the way they splashed the water, how they sang to each other. By the end of the story, he feels lighter and starts into another story of strange animal sightings he heard about.
There is a loud snap.
Amazing!
He spins and as soon as he ends the movement, his gun is already aimed at the intruder. He almost drops it though. The person who dared to sneak up on him looks exactly like him. Only the doppelganger is dressed ridiculously. Knitted jumper over a white shirt and is that a baseball cap?
He sighs heavily and rubs his eyes. Experts say that denial is one of the most primitive but for a certain period of time the most effective and strongest way to cope. There must be something wrong with him because he is just not capable of it. Like his mind just wants to actually deal with it. Or destroy him. Who knows.
"With what?" he asks.
He frowns. "Your point?"
“Out.”
He glances at his bike with confusion. It has seen better times, yes, way back then Tony took care of it almost maniacally.
He looks back at his bike and notices something white on it. A napkin. He takes it gently in his hand and stares at the numbers standing in a neat row, written with blue ink.
"Threat is coming, this is why we are here," Nick spoke. She swallowed down her snort. Threat sounded understatement. She glanced at her male version. His grimace told its own tale too. Upcoming doom would have been better.
"Suicide?"
"What's your name? I don't know how to address you." he shrugs.
To Be Continued…
Howard and Tony Stark.
Dr. Strange. The Wizard. The Anomaly. Someone who seemed to hate Steve with passion. Someone who traded the Time Stone for Tony's life. According to Nebula at least. Tony never confirmed it.
The rain is falling when he steps out of their temporary shelter. He doesn't care. It's fitting after all. All he needs are few claps of thunder here and there and everything would be fucking perfect.
But then the Universe does what it loves to do, to remind him that technically this is a bad day and he can’t let his guard down on bad days. This is the first thought in his mind as something orange appears in front of him and it turns into an oh so familiar portal. The raven calls out to him warningly, but his legs are rooted to the ground. He watches the emerging figure with a morbid fascination.
Then he remembered his Harley. The house of cards had fallen. He remembered his bike, Amanda, then the avalanche started rolling… Pepper and Morgan, Rhodes and Happy, his team and family. Peggy and Tony.
"Be prepared, a shitstorm is coming!" Her male version from another universe spoke up. At least he was using a chair like a normal person. He didn't turn towards her though. His intense blue eyes were regarding a hologram in front of him with great interest.
"Of course, I want coffee! Stupid question!" she grabs the cup out of his hand and is already sipping it as he starts rolling his eyes.
“Sir, FRIDAY has started a background check on Amanda Armstrong,” Jarvis reported. Tony looks up from his newest project with a hum. Was that… fondness in the AI’s voice? It’s not impossible, but surprising. He chooses not to point it out in the end. Though, he puts the observation in a tiny mental box and catalogs it as “Check it later”.
Hey, Husband! Nice to meet ya!
"Would you?" she asked back, her gaze holding his captive mercilessly.
eyes looking back at him… That has been the hardest thing. He stood next to Pepper and Thor, watched the projection with them. Broke his own heart into million tiny pieces next to them.
He remembers the first time he met Rogers after that day. The former Captain looked shell-shocked as he wandered the corridors of their temporal shelter. However, as soon as their eyes met, the supersoldier broke down.
"Waaait!" she calls and grabs his arm stilling his movements. He looks back at her disapprovingly, blue eyes as piercing as cold ice. "I was just messing around. You know, being frustrated and all and not allowed to tinker. It messes with the mind." she explains while making quick circling motions at her temple with her now empty cup.
He takes another sip.
"You should have seen your face." she hisses, then there is confusion. "Or his face. Whatever. But Steve, Honey! He is lost. He has nothing to lose. And he wants to lose that nothing too."
"I'm afraid, there is a bigger problem right now than who does the shopping." Nick Furry spoke up as he walked into the room with all of his knitted jumper clad glory. In her humble opinion, he looked horrible, and she said so. He just frowned at her disapprovingly like an exasperated teacher at his unruly student. Which in his eyes she probably was.
Her coffeemaker works with capsules and it takes a few tries to actually get something other than hot water out of it, but Steve has been called stubborn for a reason. Eventually, he manages to produce two espressos and takes one of them to Amanda who by this time almost totally dissembled his bike.
The night has covered the city with the blanket of darkness, but he doesn’t feel the need to turn the lights on. The dark fits him quite well nowadays. He sits on the edge of his bed, elbows resting on his knees, his long fingers holding a tiny vial between them. Pym particles. He snorts to himself. Truth be told, he planned his day very differently than how it turned out in the end.
“Drinking is not the answer!”
“It’s night and raining! Shitty weather with zero visibility! What more do you want? I can’t be kept under lockdown here. I’m not like that! Not like you!” he spats. And immediately regrets it when the cat flinches and curls a little on itself.
"In that case, I'm off to tinker in my lab for at least... hmmm... a week!" he grins.
He did it somehow, then he was left with one, absurd thought swirling in his head like the snake around Eve’s ankles. He could stay in the past. Stay with someone he loves. He could find happiness. He seriously started planning. He went and found a quiet library in the city, sat down and started planning. He had everything ready, knew when he wanted to go.
"That Harley. Is it yours?" she snaps.
"I don't understand." he stammers.
"What?" she asked with dread.
There is guilt curling in his stomach as he steps forward and sees her fingers shake. After all, this is he who worries her. Not he, he. But he.
"Very funny," Steve grumbled, but he was content enough to follow along.  It was just friendly teasing as far as he could tell. If nothing else, Ty knew what they were supposed to be doing, while Steve was completely lost.  The dream felt real enough that Steve felt compelled to try and play the role, even if he was still confused about why he'd dreamed up this whole scenario in the first place.  It was a world unlike any he'd known before - the buildings were tall and stately, everything was pristine, and there was no pervasive aura of tiredness that seemed to blanket everyone in his waking life.  Which was great! But why did he have to dream of a rich person in
Natasha looked thoughtful, glancing back inside.  "I suppose Yelena will not be confined to her room forever, one way or another," she mused.
“Forgive me for being
Tony considered telling them to get the hell out of here, but he knew that look in Pepper's eyes, and arguing with them was only going to waste more time.  "Okay," he said quickly as he slid the gauntlet onto one arm.  "I need to supercharge this thing, enough for it to actually hurt the plane.  Pepper, you're gonna have to hold the wire up to the orichalcum in my chest.  The part you'll be holding will be insulated, so you'll be fine, but you can't break contact.  Rhodey, I'm going to need your support.  The plane is high and this thing is heavy.  I'm going to rest my arm on your shoulder and you're going to help me aim."
And it’s good, Tony thinks.  What they have is good.  He has other friends, of course—good friends, great friends.  But they all know different parts of him, and right now Steve knows best the part that’s most important to him.
“What’s wrong?” Tony asks.
“Here, let me -“ Steve reaches to get Tony off in return, and Tony flushes when Steve’s hand meets his sticky, cold leftovers from before.
A second later, Steve
What he doesn’t love so much is the fullness in his bladder, but he’s going to continue ignoring that until tomorrow morning. Or, at least, until he doesn’t have his boyfriend’s cock in his mouth.
“You go. I’ll wait. You have to go way worse than me,” Tony decides, even as one of his hands disappears between his legs to give himself a squeeze.
“Oh, because you and Nat aren’t going back to her room to get it on?” Tony snarks right back. “Sure.”
“Good morning,” Steve responds, and leans in to kiss him, morning breath and all. His bladder is still protesting, but he thinks he can wait until Tony leaves.
He’s really a sick person. But he doesn’t even care. His dick is fattening up in his sweats already.
“Tony,” Steve says, sitting up. He rests his hands on Tony’s hips, feels Tony’s hands come up to hold his shoulders. “I’ll be fine. Let me take care of myself, hm?”
Tony doesn’t know he has to pee.
“Me too, Tony, I’m close,” Steve says. “Let’s come together. Come for me, Tony.
Tony tentatively knocks at Steve’s door, one hand clutching the hot container of soup. He probably should have warned Steve that he was coming over, but he’s a little worried about Steve’s behavior. He doesn’t really keep anything from Tony, so his short reply would be enough of a concern, but he absolutely never misses class. The fact that he apparently voluntarily skipped today has Tony jittering anxiously in front of his door.
. Hell, Steve, you’re good at working me up.”
“Fuck, I have to go so bad, babe,” Tony mumbles as the doors open. He practically bounds down the hall to Steve’s door, bouncing up and down in front of it as he hurries Steve along. “Come on, come on!”
Don’t even get him started on the age thing. He’s seventeen, as a senior, which means the majority of his friends are twenty-one, turning twenty-two. Steve’s twenty, though, because he applied a year early. He’ll be twenty-one this July, and Tony will be eighteen (and finally a legal adult) in May, just in time for graduation.
“I thought we discussed this, no cutesy nicknames. Save those for Stevie,” Bucky wrinkles his nose.
“It’s, uh, across the hall,” Steve says, conveniently not mentioning his own need. Tony ducks into the bathroom, and as soon as he’s out of sight, Steve’s hand reaches down to grip at his cock to keep it from leaking. He can’t tell if his underwear is wet or if he’s imagining it. He squirms in place for a moment, bobbing up and down to get his bladder under control. It wants release now, and even though he knows standing outside the door means he’ll be able to hear Tony going, he can’t help but wait there to be let inside.
Tony watches him carefully for a moment, looking hesitant, before he says, “Do you want me to go get breakfast?”
It hits Tony right over the head when he realizes.
Steve wakes at three in the morning and at first he doesn’t even know what woke him. He blinks up at the ceiling in the dark, feeling Tony’s breath against his neck, and wonders why his dream about the two of them as superheroes was interrupted.
on his laptop at the highest volume to drown out his soft gasps and muffled moans as he strokes his dick. By the time he reaches down and around to slide a finger inside himself, though, everyone in his suite probably knows exactly what he’s doing anyway. He isn’t even trying to quiet the sounds he’s making anymore; the audio from
Tony leans in and starts kissing him, but after awhile seems to sense Steve’s discomfort, and pulls back to talk instead. He rambles about a new machine he’s planning on building, and Steve is trying to follow along because he loves hearing what Tony’s working on, but he
Tony might die.
but the need hasn’t gotten any worse since he’d gotten to Steve’s room.
Steve really hates his traitor mouth. Except, he doesn’t, because he means it. He’d love to have Tony stay over in his dorm, if only he could
How come I never knew this? We’ve known each other for four years, and it’s never come up?” Tony asks, incredulous eyes on Steve.
“Great,” Tony grins.
“Steve, honey.” Tony softens even more. He pulls Steve close again, but not into a hug. He presses against him but keeps their eyes connected. “There’s nothing wrong with you. This is just... something you deal with. Something I can help you deal with. Lord knows you help me deal with all my shit. And, I’d say mine is much more annoying than a little pee.”
“Yeah, but I went before the movie. I’m just being a baby,” Tony says. “You’re dying to go.”
The ride flies by, even with Steve’s full bladder. Bucky and Steve entertain Tony with stories of past Christmases spent together. It became a tradition for the Barnes to spend the holidays with the Rogers family, ever since Steve’s dad passed and Bucky’s dad ran out on his family. Their moms tag-teamed the holiday to make it a little easier, and Steve and Bucky got the added benefit of spending Christmas together. They have plenty of stories to tell Tony, and he’s laughing along with all of them, but Steve can’t help but notice that Tony offers no stories of his own. He knows Tony was raised a lot differently than him, knows that his family dinners were quiet and uncomfortable, not boisterous and enjoyable. But he hates moments like this, when that difference shows in Tony’s strained smile, his hurting eyes.
"You can't go in there!" Steve snapped.  "Who knows what might be trapped in that hallway?  At the very least I should be going in too!"
"You know him," Steve continued very softly, once it was clear Tony wasn't going to say anything.
"Damn it all to hell," he whispered, and then he jumped as well, the blue expanse of the English Channel stretching out below them as the drone took off.  For a brief moment, he was struck by a sudden sense of calmness - despite the fact that he was dangling off the wing of a plane, in this body he felt such sureness in every move he made that he almost wasn't afraid at all, and God, the sea below him was possibly one of the most beautiful things he'd ever seen - but then reality settled back in, and he remembered that there were things at stake here.
Now was one of those times Steve wished he were more like Tony, because if he were a smarter man he could take a look and examine the reactor himself.  As things were, though, he could only take Tony's word for it, which… wasn't always entirely reliable.  "Do you always doodle with your heart airing out?"
Tony managed a weak smile.  "Is it too early for me to start making innuendoes again?" he asked.
"Okay," Pepper replied.  "I'm gonna see what can be done to secure the rest of the ship, because we're going to need a way off and you can't carry all of us.  Good luck, Tony."  She placed a hand against one gauntleted arm, then nodded, stepped to the side, and broke out into a run again.  Tony watched her go, then remembered his own tasks.
“Steve!” he cried, running over to his side and placing a hand against his side, feeling coarse fur under his skin.  “Steve, are you okay?  God, you idiot, what did you run away for?”
"Sure," Steve said, stepping aside so she could get down onto the ground, where she shook out her hair and frowned at the black grease and dust on her hands.
Tony looks away.  “Not particularly.”
Steeling himself, Tony selected the first of the three entries and hit enter.
She took a bite out of her piece of toast, looking at him dubiously.  "You're going to sew?"
Steve furrowed his eyebrows.  "So what, you just assume the worst out of everyone?" he bit out, annoyed—and then he immediately winced, because he realized just how hypocritical he was sounding.  It wasn't fair to judge Tony like this, especially after the things he'd said last night.  Tony had lived through the past five years, and Steve hadn't.  "Sorry.  Sorry.  I didn't mean it."
So Steve gets in and spoons him as Tony curls back against him, basking in his warmth.  For a while, Tony considers saying the three words he’s had on the tip of his tongue for—years now, maybe.  But then he hears a soft snore from behind him, and the moment passes.
There was a pause, but then Cap nodded, running into the room as Tony stepped out in the suit—and there Birch was, holding up an automatic rifle and pointing it right at him.
Tony automatically tried to jerk his arm away when Cap reached for it, but it was futile.  He sighed.  "I can change it myself."
Stark caught his expression and grinned, even though Steve couldn't help but notice how his every emotion seemed to be tinged with exhaustion.  "Yeah, west," he repeated.  "We're in Mulgrave, on the eastern end of Nova Scotia."
Wordlessly, Tony reached out for the gun, and Steve let him take it without complaint.  He looked at it for a long while, running his fingers along it before checking the magazine.  "It's unloaded."
"Where's Tony?" he shouted back at her.
"He clearly has some kind of affinity with them," Rhodey continued when Tony failed to reply.  "Don't know that any of us would have even imagined it could serve as a compass.  So it's been useful."
Stark sighed again, shaking his head.  "Because we already looked into it.  Once you turn, you start… rotting.  All the bits of your brain responsible for high-level thought just… waste away.  There's no going back.  And I know what you're going to say next, so—"  Stark cut off, getting up to put all the candles out.  "Look outside, Steve."
it was kind of Tony's fault, because he'd been procrastinating and hadn't expected Steve to take over on the very day his decision was due, but still!  Art? He'd chosen
Before he knew it, his feet had taken him back to his room, and so he quickly repacked his backpack for the correct set of classes today.  His gaze slid over to his cabinet, which he knew would have his custom-built laptop sitting in one of the drawers…
Tony looks at him again once they pull away from each other, and the smile he gives him is much more genuine this time.  “You’re good at this,” he says, splaying one hand against Steve’s chest and gently pressing his fingers into the muscle below.  “I’m convinced.”  He pushes him hard after that, and with a gasp, Steve finds himself lying back against the leather seats again, Tony straddling him as he kisses him once more, hands touching him all over.  “Pants, get my pants,” he manages after a moment, breathing hard before resuming his attack against his lips.
.  And…”  He looks down, idly drawing an invisible pattern against the rail.  “…I guess I keep on telling myself that maybe he’ll learn to like me someday.”
That night, he lies in his cabin for several long hours, restless, before he finally decides to get out of bed.  Forgoing shoes or socks, he patters slowly up to the top deck, and then he walks and he walks and he walks until he can’t walk anymore, because here the ship ends and the ocean begins.  Carefully, he reaches out, gripping at the rail, feeling the smooth metal beneath his skin, and then he steps up onto the lowest rung, holding on tight.  He then takes a deep breath, letting go with one hand to touch his shoulder, to feel the scarred and toughened skin there.  So many memories, and yet this is all that remains.
It was his fault.  If he'd been faster with the locks, better with his shield, if he'd just listened to Tony straightaway…
we were at war."
"Ten-hut!" someone shouted, and immediately the entire atmosphere of the room changed, everyone springing to their feet and saluting as Tony scrambled to keep up.
with reports and
In his darker days, he almost felt as though that stripped him of his right to live.  Maybe he deserved Steve's fate as well. He sure as hell didn't deserve his charmed life, not after what had happened.  Yet despite thinking that, while now finding himself in a situation where this could very well be it, he was still afraid.  If the worst happened, he deserved it. But God help him, he was a coward without Steve's courage to ground him, and the thought of it all being over sent a tremor down his spine, even if it looked more and more likely with every passing second.
“Tony!” he hears at last, and he inhales sharply in relief, getting a mouthful of seawater in the process and coughing it back up.  “Tony, where are you?”
She was frozen in place for a moment, clearly shocked, and Steve realized he probably had done the wrong thing.  He was about to pull away when she at last moved, wrapping her own arms around him tight and holding him close. "Oh, Tony," he heard her murmur against his neck.  "So sweet." They remained like that for a little while until she was the one to finally pull away, smiling and patting his cheek. "You should go to bed now, though," she said.
It all seemed like a lot to convey, though, so he just changed the topic.  "What will
"That does sound like Namor," Steve had to admit.
He could hear Tony rummaging around in the pack, and then the next thing he knew, his shirt was being pushed up, and Tony was carefully wiping away the blood with shaking hands.  "No," came the quiet reply.  "I told you my reactor was fine.  The truth is, Steve, you can only keep a failing heart beating for so long."
Steve knew better than to say something.  No matter what he did, no matter if he replied or didn't reply, nothing would change how Tony's Pa currently felt.
"You can't go," Maya said, stepping out of the garden.  Steve turned to look at her reluctantly, though he kept Tony—still coughing—shielded with his body.  There was a long gash on her face that wasn't there before, and she was holding the tranquilizer gun from earlier.  "You made me lose my samples of your blood.  I need more."
"What is it?" she asked, though she obligingly poked a foot out from under the covers.
"It's just guarding something.  Easy stuff. This war really
be the way things always are.
Steve took another drink of water.  "So you drove it all the way back to the hospital?"
Steve manages a breathless laugh, taking Tony’s hand and leading him away from the other people.  “I-I’m fine,” he says.  “But look at you!  Y-you have a bullet in your shoulder.  Are
something most people have, we get something that start to approach sense.  This bone talks about something tiger-colored and circle-shaped, split into three, and references the cities of Qufu, Yinxu, and Xi'an, historical capitals during the Shang and Zhou dynasties."  He motioned toward the gem again, adding, "Apparently, this piece we have was found on the body of a collaborationist Chinese soldier trying to smuggle it to the Nazis, and all signs point to it being uncovered in Qufu."
A soldier in a fortress, Tony thinks, which is a pretty ridiculous thought to have about Captain America and his enormous limbs stuffed into a too-small bathtub, but there it is.
“Mhmm.”
“One metro card does not an expert make, Tony,” Pepper chimes in mildly, tearing off a piece of a roll and popping it in her mouth.
“America’s going to shoot lasers out of her eyes at you,” Tony agrees.
“That’s okay,” Steve says gently, tilting his head in interest, “I like it.”
“Come again?”
“I bought you chocolate,” Steve’s eyes are slitted open now, and he’s sitting with his hands braced on his knees, which means he’s trying pretty hard not to vomit. “I
Tony holds up his fork meaningfully. “We need to do dishes.”
“Well, that’s not their fault, baby. I’m really lovable.”
“Steve’s not training anybody,” Tony informs primly, tipping his coffee in their direction as America socks Steve in the jaw. “This is just how he makes friends.”
“When you get to the wedding, I want you to stand at the front.”
Tony clears his throat to speak again. “You want a go?”
“Mhm. Too bad you’re already late.”
“That’s so cute,” Sunset says, voice dripping with sugar-sweet condescension. She abruptly lifts off the sofa, and Steve’s impressed that she rises in one fluid movement despite the fact she’s wearing somewhat menacing-looking six-inch heels. “Tony, I’m bored. Let’s go down to the lab, you can show me what you’re working on.” She turns to Steve then, a benevolent smile that reeks of falseness plastered across her face. “I run a company as well — Baintronics? Tony and I went to MIT together.”
“I’ll take it under advisement,” Steve rolls his eyes, fitting the cowl over his head. “You ready?”
“Why won’t you help Riri with her armor?” Steve asks, slapping gently at one of Tony’s wrists as he tries to wriggle a semi-cooked noodle out of the pot.
“Doesn’t really matter if it means you end up dead.”
Tony does get lonely, but he has work to throw himself into. Every time he misses Steve’s smile, Steve’s laugh, Steve’s body, he invents a revolutionizing piece of technology that makes the feeling melt away. It also, coincidentally, means he has a reason to fly out to New York and present his new designs to the board, which, again, completely coincidentally, means he can drop in on Steve in Brooklyn.
“Ah, well,” the corner of Tony’s mouth curves up into a wry, self-deprecating smile. Steve feels his heart thump a little louder in his chest. “Hallucination or not, I don’t think he’d like that very much.”
“That’s not how I wanted you to see it.”
“I feel like we can figure that out later.”
Steve reads it four times before biting down on his nerves and sending it.
be cool!” Steve says, an endearing little smile tipping up his mouth. “Bees are cute.”
Steve heaves a sigh and brushes the hair off his forehead, trying to get accustomed to the feeling of the shirt rising with the movement. He steadfastly avoids eye contact with everyone looking at him, though the second he turns around to try and find a private corner to text Brock, he runs head-first into Phil Coulson.
“I’m sorry,” Tony says, watching her assemble and disassemble her armor in the corner of the lab, “she’s just so curious about everything. And she knows I’ll keep working even when she leaves, I think she doesn’t want to miss out.”
“Bought you balloons, too.” Steve raises his head just slightly and nods upwards.
They touch down on the farm and Tony taps his chest, lets the armor recede back into itself immediately. Steve isn’t tired - Steve is rarely ever tired, the bastard - but Tony’s not thirty-five anymore, so he stumbles a little as he jogs up the steps of the porch. He pauses with his hand on the doorknob, glancing back at Steve.
“With all due respect, Mr. Stark, I don’t see how you could—“
Steve’s brow furrows. “You have never proposed.”
Steve glances up and smiles, taking one earbud out. “What’s up, Peter?”
Tony doesn’t know what to say. He wordlessly hands Rhodey the bottle of scotch. Rhodey drops it in the sink, drags Tony close by the arm, and wraps his arms tight around Tony’s shoulders.
“You did,” Steve decides. “And I know you’ll tell me what it was eventually, so it’s fine if you want to pretend otherwise now. I can wait.”
The flowers are pretty. Tony tries not to think about them too much - Steve pulling at the blooms with gentle fingers, tucking them in Tony’s hair, leaving bunches of them on Tony’s bedside. It’s exactly the sort of thing he’d have done when they were together, and sometimes, when they’re sharing space like this, it’s hard to remember that they’re not.
He’s still rubbing his eyes beneath his glasses as he opens the door, sipping slowly at his seventh cup of coffee. When Steve comes into focus, he nearly does a spit take.
“So I outrank Heff, huh?”
So Tony pays bail, collects Steve’s personal effects, and follows the fumbling, bright-eyed Officer who escorts him to the holding cell. Steve is sitting at the center of a bunch of twenty-somethings, listening to a young girl talking with an expression that's nothing but utter focus and compassion. His brow is creased and he’s leaning forward just a little bit, eyes widened in that helplessly earnest way that makes Tony’s chest seize.
He thinks he sees a smile twitch at the corner of her mouth. He smiles a little too. She reminds him of himself, and it’s been a while since Tony met someone this much like him. Maybe even forever.
Somewhere above him, Tony is saying ‘okay, Steve. Okay. I’ll try.’
Finally, Tony gets tired of waiting for Steve to pick up on the vibe, and just blurts out “why don’t you wanna marry me?”
“You got a girlfriend or something?”
By the time he’s actually standing at the end of the aisle, waiting for the whole thing to start, he’s about to vibrate out of his skin. Rhodey’s right next to him, saying some crap about he’s proud of Tony for letting himself be happy, settling down with someone who really loves him, becoming the man he was always meant to be (blah blah blah). Tony is nodding and trying to direct loving looks towards his best friend every couple seconds, but mostly he’s thinking about how he’s going to
A few moments later, though, Tony’s talking again, his hands tightening a little around Steve’s waist. “So how do you know Brock Rumlow?”
“Not particularly, no, you just looked very handsome.”
“And?”
Steve is smiling, too, now, and hopefulness breaks across his skin in an uneven flush. He stares at the hair, which is simultaneously the simplest thing in the world and entirely impossible altogether.
Steve snorts a little, tugs him back down for another kiss, hand traveling up the hem of Tony’s dress shirt. Tony keeps meaning to take it off, but he gets distracted by Steve’s hair, Steve’s eyes, Steve’s mouth.
“Is he going to be okay?” Tony’s voice is so gentle. Kind. Steve wants to sink into it, feel something than the overwhelming dread and worry tightening his chest.
Steve is abruptly cut off by the sound of Peter Parker, bounding vigorously up the staircase. He loses his balance at the top step and crashes into Tony’s back, nearly sending them both toppling over. There’s more clattering and Steve catches sight of Ned and MJ running up behind him, strange expressions on their faces.
Maybe he’d stayed so long at the station because the thought of coming home to a Tony-less apartment — especially when he’d spent an entire day and night there, in Steve’s clothes, no less — was absolutely gut-wrenching. Steve didn’t understand why he’d gotten such a potent taste of what their lives might be like if everything hadn’t gotten all twisted up in recent years. It was clearly a form of retribution from Mother Nature stemming back to that one time he’d been too lazy to wash out and recycle his yogurt cup.
The old lady from billing remains completely impassable. “The donation was made anonymously.”
Tony tries not to roll his eyes at this whole exchange, dutifully dabbing at the wounds along Sam’s side and down his stomach. This feels like a family matter, and he can’t deny that Sam, Steve, Romanoff, and Barnes are… some kind of messed up family. Steve had always loved each of them, but in the years after his and Tony’s fallout those bonds had cemented into something permanent, something like what Tony had with Pepper and Rhodey.
God, he’s never been so aware of his own muscles. He can hear the sound of his own bones shifting and crunching beneath his skin. It’s dimly horrifying, but it’s a lot of other things, too. Tony abruptly feels like he’s going to start sobbing and never stop.
Steve kisses him. It doesn’t feel like he’s trying to cut Tony off - doesn’t feel like he’s disregarding the words. It feels like he’s telling Tony he hears him, he knows this, and it doesn’t matter. The movement of his lips becomes maddeningly slow, his hands matching pace as he rubs teasing circles at the base of Tony’s spine. This goes on and on, until Tony is throwing a leg around his hip, gently urging him further.
“To engage in conditional compassion, to only honor the service of people who look and think like you do, is the most un-American thing I could do. America is only meaningful as an ideal, as a standard of equality and kindness that we have to fight to achieve every single day.” He’d shaken his head and let out a frustrated huff, like he couldn’t quite believe he needed to have this conversation with somebody. “You can go on thinking I’m an affront to American values, Mr. O’Reilly. I’ve never fought for people like you. I don’t like bullies, especially bullies who don red, white, and blue.”
“My point still stands!”
They don’t really make it past the bedroom that day. Or the day after.
“I love you,” Tony says, pulling Steve down onto the bed next to him. Steve laughs and goes easily, settling his head into the crook of Tony’s arm.
“Are you drunk?” Steve asks, slightly incredulous.
“Take it to the main offices. It’s, like, a five-minute bike ride away.”
sorry it scared you.”
Tony kisses him. Steve gathers him close, holding Tony tight and certain like a raft in a storm.
Steve tucks his smile against his shoulder and purses his lips. For the past twelve minutes, Tony and Pepper have been hovering outside the door to the studio, talking as if it’s a 6-inch concrete barrier obstructing their voices rather than a flimsy wooden door.
To Steve’s immediate surprise, he takes to Arc Technologies like Bucky takes to a crowded club of drunk, sweaty twenty-somethings grinding to the stylings of Beyoncé. The building is small and modest, five stories high and constructed of simple concrete, thankfully nothing like the overly show-y Stark Tower. The walls are decorated with art from people’s kids, lots of prints from Steve’s favorite impressionist painters, and, funnily enough, embarrassing photos of the CEO.
Tony glances up at the sight of Steve approaching the entryway to the kitchen. When he gets close enough, he stops in his tracks and squints at the box, features slowly settling into a funny sort of recognition.
“He left,” Tony says. He has somehow, without getting up or moving substantially, found a bag of potato chips. Steve looks at him, equally fascinated and annoyed. “He left before she could say anything.”
On second thought, maybe it wasn’t so strange Tony had missed him after all.
