Sherlock straightened up, mouth tightening as he tried to maintain a modicum of dignity. He never had enjoyed being laughed at. “Now, are you going to
“John!” Sherlock’s tousled head popped up from the far side of the bed, followed by the rest of him as he extricated himself. He stumbled, catching himself on the mattress, then straightened to full verticality. He advanced toward John, untwisting his clothing as he went. The trailing hem of his dressing gown tripped him up, and he came within a hair’s breadth of face planting onto his bedroom floor.
“I’ll leave you to it, then,” Mycroft said, nodding and making his way to the door. Lestrade moved aside to let him by. As he reached the door, Mycroft turned back. “Oh, and Sherlock?” He glanced at Lestrade. “If you want to crack Dr. Watson’s code, you must remember what you always forget.”
Sherlock bent down to retrieve his glassware, grateful for the sake of his toe that the flask had been empty. He could feel his cheeks flaming and hoped his flatmate would attribute it to his stooped position. “Uh, fine. Just a bit...clumsy this morning, apparently.”
John sat up, then got to his knees. “Yeah, I’m awake. Come here.” He reached out, grasping Sherlock’s right wrist and pulling it toward him, one hand coming up to clasp the detective’s while the other sought out the pulse point at the base of Sherlock’s thumb. He gave a sigh of relief. "Just checking." He stared up at his flatmate a moment longer before pulling him into a fierce embrace. “You fell,” he said, his voice breaking. “I saw you fall.” Somehow Sherlock knew he meant tonight, not all those years ago at Barts. Sherlock bent low, bringing his hands up around John’s back, burying his face in John’s hair.
First off, I'd like to apologize for the ridiculous delay in posting this. This is meant to be a funny fic, but what with COVID and the entire world turning into a Dumpster fire and reality sucking large hairy testicles, I didn't feel like laughing for a really long time. So my progress on this story stalled.
Sherlock drew himself up to his full height, aiming for a dignified pose, as befitted a person in the throes of righteous indignation. “Well...yes, I suppose.”
The case came to a head on Shankley’s third visit to the den. Sherlock, John, and Lestrade’s crew were stationed all through the area, ready to move in at a moment’s notice. Shankley was taken inside for a special meeting with Lester; everyone knew what that meant, and they were all on high alert. The officers all had radios, of course, but Sherlock had taken the additional precaution of procuring tiny earpieces for himself, John and Shankley so they could keep in constant contact and hear everything going on inside the den. The earpieces were small enough to escape notice and would eliminate the need for Shankley to wear a wire.
John let go of Sherlock’s hand, bringing his own up to Sherlock’s nape to join the other, and Sherlock leaned forward to meet him as John drew him in. Their lips touched, drawing gasps from them both. The sensation was electric, galvanizing. The kiss was soft, chaste, barely there, a gentle exploration, yet when it was done they both breathed as though they’d been sprinting. John drew back to look into Sherlock’s eyes again, his hand still caressing the detective’s nape. Sherlock’s eyes were wide and dark with desire, his lips already reddened, and John could feel the flush on his own cheeks mirroring that on Sherlock’s. One of Sherlock’s arms was around John’s waist, the other cradling his jaw. “John,” he whispered, and somehow that single syllable was like tinder on a brush fire. John surged forward, and there was nothing tentative about
Greg turned an incredulous look in Mycroft’s direction before dissolving into his second belly laugh of the day—one Mycroft found just as delightful as the first. Fortunately, Greg still had Mycroft’s pocket square to hand, and he made good use of it again. “Well, I needed that,” Greg said. He finished wiping his eyes and turned to his squad, who were awaiting instructions. “All right, everyone, since we apparently don’t have a case here, everyone who was on OT can go home.” This was met with a buzz of relief from his team, who began donning coats and collecting personal belongings.
Ten minutes later, Mycroft sent the CCTV footage through to his laptop. He cued it up and watched it all the way through to the end, then reloaded it and watched it through a second time. Someone who didn’t know him well would have thought him entirely unmoved—posture ramrod straight, fingers steepled beneath his nose, gaze impassive. Only a keen observer would have seen how the elegant hands shook, how his breath hitched as he closed the laptop and sat for a time with a hand over his mouth, contemplating what might have happened this day. At length he put the computer aside and went back to bed, twining himself about his lover and marvelling at being able to do this now. There was so much ahead of them, so much to learn about being together like this, about who they were together, and he didn’t want to waste a single moment of it.
“Maybe it was the sound of something heavy being displaced. A dragging sound.” Sherlock whirled around, coat flaring. “Lestrade! Let me back in. I need to see the cellar again.”
—Sherlock pressed his lips together, clamping down on the whimper he could feel rising in his throat—
Hang on, that couldn’t be right. He shook his head. Sherlock closed his eyes again, bringing his hands to his temples as he replayed his memory of the scene, but the result was the same. No doubt about it: John had been watching gay porn.
Sherlock straightened and turned to face him. “It’s remarkable that a police force filled with alleged detectives, criminologists and forensic specialists should be so thoroughly and completely taken in by mediocre photographic fakery.”
John snickered down at the floor, earning himself a patented Holmes scowl that did nothing whatever to quell his amusement. He would have bet good money against ever hearing the expression “blowing a load” spoken by his posh flatmate, and yet here they were.
“Ta,” said John. He looked knackered. The pallor had receded, leaving the feverish flush to take its place.
John looked so miserable that Sherlock subsided with a low grumble, turning to sit beside his friend on the bathroom floor, making sure to stay close so John knew where he was. Now he knew just how John must have felt all those times Sherlock had disregarded his medical advice. John sagged against the bathtub, head tilted back, eyes closing. His skin was blotchy, feverish flush warring with the pastiness of nausea, petechiae dotting his face. Sherlock had never seen him look so ill.
That John could be his after all? Sherlock’s heart began thudding like a battering ram against his sternum, and before he knew it, the room was spinning around him again. He couldn’t seem to get enough air, and his hands and feet felt wrong—prickly and numb all at once. Dimly, Sherlock realized that he was hyperventilating, possibly even panicking. If John were here, he would know what to do, would know how to help him, how to make it better.
Sherlock couldn’t help swaying forward as his body unconsciously tried to follow. Why could he still feel John’s hand on his arm even though it wasn’t there anymore? “Later,” he echoed. He gazed at John’s back as the smaller man ascended the stairs, then breathed a soft sigh of relief. Somehow this case—this evening—seemed to have righted things between him and John. He turned and picked up his violin. He stood at the window and began playing softly, contemplatively, until the last of the adrenaline burned off and fatigue overtook him in its stead. He drew out the final note, letting it linger sweetly in the air.
“Oh, very mature, John,” Sherlock shouted after him as John stomped up the stairs to his room. “Be sure to let Mrs. Hudson know when you’re ready for your milk and biscuits!”
“Now, what about you?” she purred, tilting her head as she prowled toward him. “What a fine silver fox you are. I like detectives, you know. Always have done. What do you like, hmm?”
“If my team has anything to say about it, they will be,” Greg answered. “Another time for the cuppa and biscuits, yeah?” He moved aside to let the landlady by and made his way to the door.
John put a hand to his midsection and blew out a breath. “I am stuffed to the gills,” he groaned. “Might need a bit of a walk to work some of this off.”
John’s text alert sounded and was ignored, because Sherlock was in the midst of undoing John’s belt and pulling down his zip, and John was panting
He had barely gone a dozen paces when he was stopped in his tracks by screeching tyres and the crunch of crumpling metal from behind him. He whipped around to find that a lorry had jumped the kerb and come to a stop on the pavement, its front end wrapped around a post. Somewhere on the other side of the lorry, a baby was screaming. John jolted into action. “You!” he shouted at a shell-shocked bystander as he bolted toward the wreck. “Call an ambulance, now!” The woman gulped and nodded, dialling her mobile with a trembling hand.
“Right. Bright, I need you to go back the way we came, and tell the squad to position themselves around the building immediately behind Lester’s, which is where we are now. I want it cleared out. Secure and detain anyone inside.” He gestured at the stairs in one corner of the cellar. “Once it’s secure, I want that door opened, and I want someone to find the keys to these shackles. Then we’re going to need social services down here, and ambulances for transportation to hospital. Got it?”
“Gentlemen,” Greg said, “this is DS Fergus Shankley. He was on loan to the Met from Aberdeen for another operation that just wrapped up. Ferg, Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.”
Sadly, Mrs. Hudson’s plan to broker peace through the judicious allotment of carbohydrates never came to pass. The following day, Mycroft called in a favour, and a grumbling Sherlock was despatched to Brussels on a dull but time-consuming case that kept him away from London for more than a month. Peace and harmony reigned again at 221B, and John took advantage of this Sherlock-free interlude to begin the relationship whose demise would drive the final nail into the coffin of his dating aspirations.
Sherlock cleared his throat. “Mm. Yes.” He gave a nervous nod, not trusting himself to speak further. He could feel his cheeks heating despite himself.
John pursed his lips, drawing in a breath through his nose and blowing it out again. “Guess I’ll just have to wank more,” he shrugged. “Tea?” He turned and made for the kitchen, whistling as he went.
Cath was a dark-haired, blue-eyed chemist with whom John struck up a conversation while having a prescription filled. Petite, pretty and fit, she liked classic rock and enjoyed hiking with her dog at the weekends. They genuinely clicked, and their first three dates had been fantastic, with the most recent one culminating in a raucous and memorable romp in John’s bed that proved their sexual compatibility beyond the shadow of a doubt. John was elated, and when Cath suggested a weekend getaway to a Hampshire bed-and-breakfast run by a friend of hers, John was instantly on board. Cath made arrangements for the care of her dog, then hired a car, and she and John set off together on the Friday afternoon.
Oh, of course—another of John’s sex toys. Now that he could see it properly, the “pillow” was actually a sex doll. Well, sex torso, to be precise, since it consisted solely of a pair of buttocks and the aforementioned unrealistic male genitalia. Oh, and anatomically correct orifices, naturally. Sherlock rolled his eyes and grabbed the laptop. Time to get to the bottom of this. He groaned at the unintentional pun, hefted the computer, and stomped out of the room. Then he stomped back in, glared at the neon dildo, and snatched it off the desk. Dick had started all this, and dick would help him solve it. He took it with him for inspiration.
“I need to go back over...us...every moment we’ve spent together, every interaction.” He turned and entered the replica 221B, John trailing him. Sherlock gestured at the overturned armchairs, the listing bookshelves, the piles of papers and rubble. “I need to put all of this back in order.”
I cried for Victor's parents, for the decades they had spent in agony, never knowing what had become of the son they cherished, and how the manner of his death must be tormenting them now.
47 times, driving me mad, giving me hope—” Sherlock’s voice broke on the last word and he pressed his lips flat to stop himself from saying too much. He took a breath and pressed on. “And yet you don’t want me.” He cursed inwardly at how small his voice sounded. He looked away.
“Sherlock?” John asked, gripping the detective's upper arms and giving him a small shake as the one-minute mark ticked by. “Sherlock, you have to breathe now. Remember to breathe!”
What John witnessed next could only be described as the Sherlockian equivalent of the Windows blue screen of death: complete hard drive shutdown and reboot. Sherlock blinked rapidly for a few seconds, then didn’t. For a very long time. John was reminded of the day he’d asked Sherlock to be his best man, except this time the CPU was taking much longer to come back online. Was Sherlock’s chest even moving?
Sentiment had led him to make some dreadful life choices, Sherlock acknowledged. At those times in his life when he had sought out the oblivion of drugs, sentiment had always been at the root of it. And while he might claim that his drug use was for a case or an experiment or purely for recreation, and that he was a user rather than an addict, in some still, small part of himself, Sherlock knew that these were all rationalizations and that all addiction was the same. All addiction was about the management of emotion. Sherlock’s descents into drug use had always been the result of how he felt—lonely, bored, hopeless, bereft—and how few outlets he had had for those feelings. Friendless, and with only a disapproving older brother to turn to, there was no comfort to be had, even had Sherlock been willing to seek it. He had learned not to. People always left, but drugs were a constant—a distraction, a temporary way to calm his emotional turmoil.
There was another tennis-match moment as every neck in the room craned to catch sight of the new arrival. Mycroft’s face morphed into a mask of horror, and a thunderhead began massing directly above John Watson's head.
Mrs. Hudson favours us both with a smile and goes over to place a kiss on Rosie's hair. "I'll bring us up some tea, then, shall I? And maybe some biscuits for the little one," she adds slyly, aware of John's views on sweets for breakfast, and sweets for toddlers, and toddlers having sweets for breakfast.
) sex together for the first (and second) time, Sherlock left John snoring gently in his bed and slipped out of the bedroom, mobile in hand.
The search turned up nothing. No drugs, no weapons, not even a pile of suspicious cash. No missing youths, and most importantly, no Shankley. He seemed to have vanished into nothing.
“Right. Uhh...sorry,” John said, shifting to the far end of the seat as requested. Just then the cab hit a bump in the road, causing Sherlock to make a small sound of distress and suck his lips into his mouth. His coat fell open to reveal the substantial tent in his trousers, leaving absolutely no doubt as to the extent of his arousal. John tried to look away but couldn’t. Just minutes ago, he had been holding that cock in his hand while Sherlock whispered in his ear about all the things he wanted to do to him.
He was still standing there blushing furiously when a still-damp John exited the bathroom in nothing but a towel.
That was odd. Had John suddenly developed stealth coding capabilities? Not likely. It was most probably faulty. Regardless, though, it meant Sherlock had no choice but to figure out the PIN. He snarled and began pounding away at the numeric keypad, starting with the combinations corresponding to all the four-letter profanities.
Greg took the offered square with a nod of gratitude, using it to dry his eyes, and tried to hand it back. Mycroft declined with a gentle touch to his hand, and Greg looked up then. Brown eyes met grey and both men stilled, acutely conscious of the point of touch they shared. After a moment, Greg turned his wrist, tentatively clasping his fingers around the other man’s palm. “Thank you,” he murmured, smiling softly.
“Do keep up, John!” yelled Sherlock Holmes. John Watson raised his head to see his friend and flatmate clambering up a fire escape in the narrow alley. He grabbed the ladder and began his own ascent, adrenaline pumping.
, but just...suddenly, randomly, pointlessly. Just like that, no more John Watson, M.D., formerly of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers. No more father for Rosie. No more blogger, flatmate, protector,
“I have nightmares,” he said. “Well, you know that, 'course you do. I’ve had nightmares since before we met. But now...”
"Yeah," says John, adjusting his grip on Rosie and looking back at me with a small smile. He looks tired, but there is a light in his eyes that wasn't there before. "I think so, too."
Mycroft slapped his hands down on his thighs. “Well, time to be going, I think.” He stood and collected his umbrella. “Now that my concerns have been allayed, I’ll leave you to your business.”
“By the way,” Sherlock remarked casually as he resumed his seat, “don’t be surprised if you find my brother lingering outside. He’ll use any excuse to loiter if it means the chance to talk to you.” He looked up at Greg with a smirk. “He thinks I’ve no idea just how
“Indeed,” John said. He reached down to adjust himself as unobtrusively as possible and heard Sherlock hiss in a breath at the sight. “Sorry,” he grunted.
“Jesus! You never give up, do you?” he heard John shout back. “Same reason all your shit was there: it was for an experiment!” John’s bedroom door shut firmly, putting an end to the conversation.
And, lastly, Sherlock came to the sex torso. This was perhaps the most probative piece of evidence of all. Here again, John could have chosen a female version if being the penetrating party was what he was after. Some models even came complete with jiggling silicone breasts. But instead of that, John had opted for the male version, with its mandatory anus and outsized genitalia. And try as he might, Sherlock could find not a single heterosexual explanation for that.
“Exactly,” Sherlock breathed. “You did observe. It’s the opposite of run down. Stone and mortar covered over with concrete, and fairly recently, too. Spotless floor, new drain. Why go to so much effort and expense to modernize an unused space but leave the rest of the building so run down?”
“Something’s wrong,” John murmured, frowning as he observed Sherlock. “That’s not how he usually looks when he’s on a serial killer case.”
The task force team deployed around train stations and areas where homeless youth were known to congregate, keeping an eye out for anything unusual and doing their best to keep track of young people, especially those newly arrived in London. John was sent in to provide free medical care for the homeless, which brought him into contact with some of the young runaways and allowed him to meet covertly with Shankley to share info on Lester’s activities.
Irene turned to him in wonder. “Good heavens,” she said, looking Mycroft up and down with a disbelieving smile. She turned back to Greg. “Don’t tell me you managed to melt the Ice Man, Detective Inspector! That was rumoured to be impossible.” She leaned in, pointedly ignoring the jab of Mycroft’s umbrella. “But come now,” she murmured. “We both know I could offer you so much more...variety...than the Ice Man ever could.”
“At last, realization begins to dawn,” Sherlock sneered. “Let’s move on, shall we? Let’s all take a look at this photo here.” He held it up for the entire squad to see. “The one with the
Anderson’s eyes darted back and forth from the cup to the photo, mouth slackening as he realized what he was looking at. “But how—”
As they stepped through the door to the living room, John offered to take Louise’s jacket. She shrugged out of it and handed it over, wrinkling her pert nose at him. “Sorry, I, uh...need the loo.”
Mycroft raised his eyebrows, then sighed. “Surely my recent use of such terms as ‘blue balls’ and ‘clusterfuck’ is evidence enough of the fact that I am no aristocrat.”
The door was swiftly answered by one of Lester’s henchmen. As soon as he opened the door, Wilkins and Jones barged in, still shamming drunkenness and shouting for their mate. Another of Lester’s men showed up to see what the ruckus was about, followed by Lester himself a minute later. As soon as Lester came into view, Lestrade gave the signal and everyone moved in. Some of his crew put Lester and his goons up against the wall and searched them, while the rest of the team went through the building.
John quirked a grateful smile, then nodded. “Thanks, that’s good to know.” He cleared his throat. “So, er...serial killer?”
I confess the advice went against the grain. I am, after all, British, male, and Sherlock Holmes. That makes me the walking antithesis of
Sherlock moved to one corner of the room and ran his torch up the seam where the two walls met. “For why this room is so incongruous when compared to the rest of the building. The rest of the place is a tip, but this space is pristine.”
, John had once said to Mycroft, and he had truly believed that at the time. Yet now he was forced to trust the evidence of his own eyes. Sherlock loved him. His chest constricted in a way that had nothing to do with the vestiges of the night’s illness. The man he loved loved him back. A new vista seemed to open up before him.
“No, it doesn’t. But there’s something else. There was...you heard it, John.” Sherlock turned towards him. He raised a hand, index finger extended. “Just before Shankley’s earpiece failed, there was a sound—”
Sherlock’s phone rang again and was ignored, because John was reaching into Sherlock’s underwear and wrapping his hand around the silk-over-steel of Sherlock’s hardness, and Sherlock’s breath seemed to vanish along with every thought he’d ever had.
The sight that met his eyes stopped him cold. John was lying supine on the bed. His head was out of sight, hidden behind his open laptop, which was sitting on a bed tray John had positioned just to the left of him. And John was most definitely not in distress—far from it, judging by the enthusiastic way he was pumping his erect cock. A headphone cable snaking out of the audio port explained John's failure to respond when Sherlock had called and knocked.
does that, Sherlock. Patterns don't lie. I’m an abuser. And you deserve so much better than that. You deserve better than me.”
“Thanks, Sherlock. Can’t stay, got to get this back to the Yard. Thanks again for your help on this one!” he said, lifting the file in salute. He opened the stairwell door and stepped through, pulling it shut in his wake, but popped his head back in when Sherlock’s voice stopped him.
“Utterly,” John said, and then they were snogging like teenagers all over again, only breaking their grip on each other long enough to brace against various surfaces as the cab went careering around obstacles. The snog session lasted the entire trip home, coming to an abrupt halt as the cab screeched to a stop in front of 221, dumping them both unceremoniously onto the floor.
"John, please." I hold up a hand, and it is a measure of how far we have come that he listens to me, that he ceases his pacing and prowling and holds still, arms crossed over his chest, waiting. I take a moment and try a different approach. “Listen to me, John," I say more calmly. "Do you remember the first night we talked, when I broke down and you helped me through it?”
kiss, at all. It was all lips and tongues and gasps and moans, and Sherlock discovered to his delight that when so moved, John Watson didn’t so much kiss as
“To what, to get back at me for ruining all your dates with those insipid women? To get the better of the boffin, teach him a lesson? Drive me mad with—with—”
It took six days for Lester’s crew to approach and begin grooming Shankley, and several more before the Scot was invited to Lester’s headquarters in a rundown building in Tottenham.
“Ta,” said John again, taking a tentative sip. When there was no immediate intestinal revolt, he took another. “Good thinking. That feels good.”
I’m worried about John. No need to alert the media; this is hardly news. Since my return, I’ve done little else but worry about John. Before I...left, I thought John was indestructible. A doctor, soldier, survivor—brave, steadfast, and unflappable. He thought I was clever, brilliant, infallible, and quite incapable of forming emotional attachments. He thought of himself as a good man; I thought of myself as a sociopath.
John approached him, reaching out tentatively and taking Sherlock’s hand in his. “I think, maybe...” he took a breath, started again. “I think maybe you have something to say to me—him—the other me...don’t you?”
sound with every inhale and exhale. “S-sofa,” he begins, and I nod encouragement. “Rug.” Another nod. He gulps. “Chairs.” I take him through the remainder of the exercise. Four things he can feel, three he can hear, two he can smell, one he can taste. By the time we get to the final deep inhale, his breathing has calmed, though he is still ashen and I can feel him shaking.
I can see him casting about for a change of subject. “Coffee?” he offers, nodding in the direction of the shelf where we keep the coffee press.
Sherlock gave that mad grin again. “Don’t worry, I’ve got it.” He fished out his wallet and passed the required bills through the partition with a word of thanks. They exited the cab, which squealed off again.
But John wasn’t following the script. While he’d certainly seemed angry at the restaurant, ever since his return he’d been the opposite—detached, distracted, even cold. Not unlike Sherlock himself, actually, when he was in his mind palace, trying to work out a thorny problem. But John didn’t have a mind palace. A mind bedsit, possibly, or even a mind pub at the outside, but never a mind palace. Still, it was clear that his blogger was busy puzzling something out. But what? Sherlock groaned and fisted his hands in his hair. Damn the man!
The detective raised a hand to John’s cheek. “No fever,” he said. “Good.” He made to remove his hand, but John caught it in his own.
“Here, John,” came Sherlock’s voice, and John went weak again, this time with relief. “I’m here.” The detective turned away for a moment, stepping to the edge of the roof nearest the street to look down, waving an arm. “Lestrade! Up here!”
“Oh, yeah,” John said tightly, trying to think about anything besides penile ischemia from crotch constriction.
He has admitted that after my return, he went ahead with his marriage partly in retaliation for the pain I had caused him, and I have confessed that I left his wedding early so I could score and get precisely as high as I could without actually dying.
Shankley nodded. “Aye, those are classics. Then there’s the inanimate object category. In there we’ve got arm rest—”
“John!" Sherlock said, more sharply than he had intended. He wanted the nightmare to stop, now, wanted John's torment to end, but this was not the way to go about it. He took a breath and began again, his tone softer. "John, I’m here.” Sherlock moved toward the bed but did not reach out. He knew it was unwise to wake a PTSD sufferer suddenly and was wary of provoking a violent reaction by startling John with his touch. At the sound of his voice, John seemed to shake himself, blinking, and looked around the dim room. He grimaced and put a hand to his left shoulder.
“You, er...might want to do something about your hair, too,” John said. “It’s defying gravity at the minute.”
John moved his hand down, cupping Sherlock’s jaw. Sherlock tipped his head back just a bit, eyes closing of their own accord as John stroked a thumb over one exquisite cheekbone. He leaned gently into the touch. John’s thumb stroked lower, moving inward to graze the side of Sherlock’s nose, then farther down to trace one half of the perfect Cupid’s bow of Sherlock’s upper lip, from his philtrum to the outer corner of his mouth. Sherlock’s breath hitched at the touch and his eyes opened again, searching. John brought his other hand up to cradle the beloved face, tipping Sherlock’s head back still further to look deeply into his eyes. The depth of emotion he found there brought him, literally, to his knees before the detective.
“I don’t understand you, John. All this time, all these months, leaving sex toys all over the flat, getting off to
“So I see,” said Greg. “Business as usual, in other words." He looked over at Sherlock. "Still, I think you’ll like this one. Morris Lester.” He picked a file up from his desk and handed it to John, who offered it to Sherlock. The detective didn’t so much as glance at it. Shrugging, John began leafing through the contents.
” he growled, and Sherlock unceremoniously stripped off every stitch of his remaining clothing, tossing it away. The staircase looked like the aftermath of an artillery barrage in a launderette.
“I’ve always loved your hands,” John murmured. “So beautiful...so talented. Extraordinary, just like the rest of you. I’ve always wanted to touch them like this. I want...so much, Sherlock,” he breathed. “So much.”
When John took his first sip some minutes later, he found that Sherlock had stirred in a bit of honey. John didn’t normally sweeten his hot beverages, but this felt like heaven on his still-raw throat. He closed his eyes and gave a contented sigh, then opened them again and sought out his flatmate’s gaze. The tender look had not vanished.
John put a hand to his ear. “Shankley, we’ve lost you. Are you reading me? Cough if you can hear me. Shankley?” Silence was the only response. John turned to Sherlock. “Are you getting anything?” Sherlock shook his head, expression grim. The earpieces were supposed to have a range of 200 metres, and they were well within that limit. Either Shankley’s earpiece had failed, or something was interfering with the signal. Either way, they were out of communication, with no way of knowing what was happening inside Lester’s headquarters.
Suddenly Sherlock was there with a flannel, pressing the cold cloth to his forehead and neck in turn. John tried to draw away, sitting back against the edge of the bathtub. “Keep back, Sherlock. I don’t want you catching this.” He pressed the back of one hand to his mouth. "Also...there's a very good chance I will vomit on you."
John looked regretful. “I’m sorry, too. I shouldn’t have reacted the way I did. It’s not your fault she texted you when she did. It’s just...she sets my teeth on edge. Always has done. I guess, after you saved her that last time, I was hoping she’d piss off forever.”
John approached and put his arms around her. “So...what say we test out this mattress before we leave? Just to be sure it’s up to scratch, of course.”
Mrs. Hudson—” John mumbled against Sherlock’s mouth as he pushed the Belstaff off the taller man’s shoulders.
Sherlock moved closer, extending a tentative hand. “I’m here, John. It was a nightmare. Are you awake now? Are you okay?”
And lastly, a word of warning: This chapter contains mentions of teens being held prisoner for sex trafficking purposes. However, there is nothing graphic, and the teens are rescued before anything bad happens to them.
“Ah,” John said. “Then I guess—” he bent down to retrieve an item from beneath a pile of detritus “—we should begin at the beginning.” He hefted the object, a child’s wooden pirate chest with a skull and two crossed swords inlaid in gold on the lid. Beneath that was an inscription: 29 January 2010.
I have told him that he has his own wing in my mind palace, and he has told me that he never stopped thinking of me, even when he was with Mary, even in his sleep.
John moved to the kitchen to fetch dishes and cutlery, humming a tune from the movie they’d seen. The toilet flushed a minute later and the taps ran, and then Louise was back. “I was just about to open this,” John said, hefting the bottle of wine he had just removed from the fridge.
Sherlock shot to his feet, sending his chair toppling to the floor. All thought of his breakfast vanished. He needed to see the video John had been watching,
When John next awoke some hours later, early morning sunlight was slanting into the flat. Something soft and warm was over him, and after a moment he recognized it as the down comforter from Sherlock’s bed. He took stock of his condition. The headache was mostly gone—only a faint echo of pain remained at the back of his skull. His back was killing him, but that was only to be expected after a virus of this sort, followed by a night spent on the sofa. His fever appeared to have broken while he slept: there were no more chills, but his skin felt clammy where the drenching sweat had dried, and his hair was plastered to his scalp.
Sherlock watched the entire, twenty-minute video through. Watched as these doubles of himself and John kissed and fondled and traded oral sex. Watched as the blond man lowered himself down onto his partner’s stiff cock, going slowly, easing into it, before the other man began moving, slowly at first and then thrusting up into him. Watched as they worked their way through several creative and frankly contortionate positions, until finally the John double—Kent, apparently—ended up on his back, with the Sherlock double—Chandler—kneeling between his legs as he fucked him. Kent was flushed scarlet now, sweat glistening on his face and forehead as he reached down and began pulling himself off, the flush of arousal spreading over his chest. Kent was cursing now, chasing his climax, and Chandler urged him on, fucking him through it until Kent shot off all over his own chest. The sight pushed Chandler closer to his own orgasm, and within a few seconds he was frantic, arousal peaking as he pounded into Kent, who continued to stroke himself off despite just having come. He didn’t want the pleasure to end. Chandler was close now, cursing and panting, and it was Kent’s turn to urge him on as Chandler pulled out and took himself in hand, stroking hard and fast, until he shouted and came hard all over Kent as he lay sprawled out beneath him. Both men were crying out and cursing as Chandler’s come pulsed out of him, and with a jolt, Sherlock recognized the moment he had overheard the previous night. This, then, was what had brought John to orgasm—the sight of a Sherlock lookalike ejaculating all over a John lookalike. And no wonder—Sherlock himself was so hard it felt like his cock was trying to punch a hole through his trousers.
The entire squad was glaring at Anderson. Even Donovan looked ready to throttle him. Anderson sputtered and flushed to the roots of his hair. Sherlock stalked back toward him, bending over the desk again. “Do you know what I was doing just before being called in on this farce?” he asked. Low. Silken. Deathly calm. His eyes blazed with green fury. Anderson went from red to white in an instant.
Still in mid-yawn as he pulled back the shower curtain, he was wholly unprepared for the sight that greeted him. Suction-cupped to the shower tile, right at arse level, was a neon-green dildo. Even a quick glance was enough to show him how detailed it was, complete with veiny shaft, rounded bell end and what appeared to be a sizeable scrotum. Sherlock gave a yelp and jumped 36 centimetres straight back. He pressed his hands to his eyes, only to find there was a dildo-shaped afterimage on his retinas.
“Well, I guess we’ll just have to live here on the floor forever, then,” John said. “Because it will never be too much.” At that, Sherlock’s head came up again and he stared searchingly into John’s eyes. John gazed back, still and steadfast, not a hint of levity in his expression.
was the matter with him? Yes, he had been attracted to John from the very first, but until recently he had managed to deal with that without sporting a permanent boner. Of course, until recently he’d never seen John’s penis, either flaccid or erect, nor had he ever witnessed him ejaculating all over his own torso. But ever since he had—
John ran a parched tongue over cracked lips. "I feel like a tin of smashed arsehole, if you must know. Pretty sure a newborn kitten could give me a good thrashing about now." John struggled to sit up.
“Well, it’s just that we were going to have dinner, then I had to cancel, and now there’s no case, but I’m still not free.”
“You want him to go undercover as a runaway,” Sherlock said to Greg. “And you want me to use my homeless network as lookouts and informants. Obvious.”
Warmth blooms through me at this, spreading outward from my chest until I can feel my pulse thrumming right to my toes, though my throat seems to be closing up. I have wanted this for so very long. “I would like that," I manage, “very much.” Which is a bit like saying the British like tea or the Japanese go in for seafood. Factually accurate, but also a massive understatement.
He reached out, then, but faltered, his hand halting midway between us. He looked up again and I saw the fear there in his eyes. In the end it was I who bridged the gap, extending my own hand to clasp his. His fingers were calloused and warm and felt tiny in mine. But then, as he never ceases to remind me, I do have oversized hands.
All right, then. Sherlock moved on to the less obvious. He tried initials and partial names for all John’s nearest and dearest, as well as 221B, 0129, and even, thinking back to one of their most memorable cases, 1895 and SHER, and just for shits and giggles, LOCK.
“Oh, there you are, John,” said a sleepy baritone. “Finally. This village is so dull I actually fell asleep.”
“And as soon as it was all done,” John continued, his voice muffled against the detective’s shoulder, “after the police and the ambulance left, I realized what could have happened, that I would never have seen you or Rosie again, and I needed to be home
“Oh, right,” Greg smiled. He raised his voice again to address his crew. “Oh, and anyone who’d like to stay for Indian takeaway can collect some in the break room,” he announced. He nodded at Mycroft and reached for some of the bags. “Here, let me. It’s right this way.”
“I’m in the middle of Scotland Yard,” Sherlock pointed out. “How could I be anything but all right?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. John chuckled and reached for the door handle. “Like it or not, you’re famous now...
Greg rolled his eyes. “Yeah, still not falling for that one. Better luck next time.” He saluted him with the file. “Got to get back.” He let himself out, still shaking his head in disbelief at the idea of Mycroft Holmes fancying someone like him, someone so decidedly beneath him in every way. Intellectually, socially, economically—they were in different leagues altogether. The very suggestion was laughable. And yet—
“Bloody genius, you are,” John mumbled, pulling Sherlock’s shirttails out of his trousers as he began backing up the stairs so they could continue snogging and disrobing without interruption.
“Please,” I answer. “I’ll get the mugs,” I add. I move to the counter and reach up; John does likewise to my right, but somehow the coffee press overbalances and he has to make a sudden grab for it to keep it from falling and shattering.
“Okay?” Sherlock squeaked. He cleared his throat. “Are you taking the piss?” he asked in his normal tone.
Sherlock hummed, one hand wrapped around John’s wrist where it rested on his shoulder. “Perfectly sound analysis, I suppose,” he breathed, eyes twinkling. “Although I do hope you’ll go deeper.”
The living room door opened to reveal Lestrade. Mycroft gave a small smile of appreciation. Even sleep deprived, running on fumes, and keyed up from the conclusion of the Lester case and the earlier press conference, Lestrade was still one of the handsomest men Mycroft had ever set eyes on. Mycroft took a moment to just enjoy the sight of him, then narrowed his eyes as realization dawned. Oh, that was
I look him in the eye as I say it. All my barriers are down and I let him see me, undefended, unadorned, unfeigned. He reads the truth in my face, in my eyes, and looks gobsmacked.
rubbing against each other, even through their pants and trousers. So fabulous that John realized he was about three seconds from coming.
Sherlock moved uneasily—not a quite a squirm, but nearly. John’s gaze flickered over him, assessing.
Gasping and panting, he pressed his forehead against the cold tile and waited for his legs to stop shaking. Whether appropriate or not, there was no denying that these fantasies of John were making him come harder than anything else ever had—not even the calendar full of photos of scantily clad soldiers he’d secretly wanked to in his teens. When he felt steady enough, he rinsed himself (and the shower tile) down before shutting off the water and climbing out.
“We don’t know where the crime scenes are. All we have are the photos of the bodies that someone—presumably the killer—helpfully posted to Scotland Yard. Right into the Major Crimes Division inbox.”
“Hmm,” John said, and put his teacup to the side. He leaned forward, fingers interlaced and elbows on knees. “Just so you know, I don’t want all that—”
“Bloody hell,” John muttered as he and Sherlock picked themselves up. “I hope you’ve got the fifty quid you promised him, because I am
Sherlock fixed him with a level gaze, dead serious. “I assure you I’m not. It’s revolting,” he answered, flipping the laptop open. “His infatuation is visible from space.”
John’s nightmares were almost always to do with the war, or at least they began that way before his subconscious introduced the horror of the moment. Sometimes Sherlock could head the dreams off by playing his violin; other times he would simply provide companionship when John eventually stumbled downstairs, bleary-eyed and disoriented, to spend the remainder of the night drinking tea and watching mindless telly. John never talked about his dreams, and Sherlock never asked. Yet he felt—he hoped—that his presence was of some comfort to John on those nights.
“We do what we always do, now, since that first night. We talk about it, we work on it, and we get on with it. We learn better, and we do better. But we do it together.”
John licked his lips. “Yes, well. As a certain genius of my acquaintance loves to say,” he deepened his voice and affected a posh accent, “
Sherlock moved to the kitchen and came back, pressing a cold glass into his friend’s hand. John heard the clink of ice cubes. “Ice water,” he said.
Sherlock put a hand to his ear. “John?” he called. He placed his violin and bow on the coffee table and scrambled for the stairs. John was clearly in pain! “Are you okay?”
He was still chuckling as they reached the break room and began setting bags and containers out, buffet-style, on the nearest table. Two or three of his team began scrounging around for plates and utensils, and soon everyone who wanted some had a plateful.
“John,” he heard Sherlock murmur, and he felt Sherlock’s other arm come around him, gathering him close. For all the times he had imagined this—dreamed of it—fantasised about it, John was not prepared for the sheer depth of emotion Sherlock’s touch would elicit. Sherlock drew him in even closer, and now they were trembling together, hands still clasped between them. John could feel Sherlock’s heart pounding against the back of his hand, mirroring the thumping of his own. He drew back far enough to look into Sherlock’s eyes, then brought the hand he was clasping up to his mouth and pressed a tender kiss to each long, elegant finger. Sherlock gasped at the sensation. John stroked his thumb over the perfectly manicured nails. Smiling softly, he turned Sherlock’s palm upward until he could see the tips of his fingers, callused from the violin strings. He placed a soft kiss on each fingertip in turn, looking up at Sherlock as he did. Sherlock’s colour was high, his chest heaving.
Shankley’s first two visits to Lester’s den were relatively innocuous, although it was clear the grooming was intensifying. He was offered food and a place to stay and then allowed to go on his way. Shankley was able to report back on the layout of the place and provide a small amount of insight into how Lester’s operation worked based on information he was able to glean during his limited access to the place. However, he had seen no evidence that any young people apart from himself were or ever had been in the building. If Lester really had the missing kids, he was keeping them firmly out of sight.
—and nearly levitated out of his seat at the sight of John Watson sat opposite him in his armchair, placidly sipping a cup of tea.
When he heard the water start up, Sherlock released a shuddering breath. He pushed the flask onto the worktop and slumped forward, bracing himself on his hands against the edge of it. He blinked unseeingly down at the counter. He had made some deductions about John’s physicality over the years, based on the other man’s distinctive gait, sitting posture, stride length, and one or two glimpses through tight clothing, but what he had just seen exceeded even his most generous estimates. For such a compact man, John was clearly big in all the ways that counted. His dick was frankly magnificent, and that was in a flaccid state. Imagine what it would look like hard! Suddenly Sherlock’s big toe wasn’t the only part of him throbbing.
When had they moved so close together? Sherlock looked down into John’s eyes. “I didn’t do any of that alone,” he said, gaze roaming over the beloved face. How could any man be so perfect? “But thank you. And you...as always...were indispensable.”
The sound of the doorbell echoed through the building again, followed by the tap of Mrs. Hudson’s heels as the lady herself went to answer. Soon after came the boom of a man’s voice and the sound of footsteps ascending the stairs. Quick and heavy—the man, then, not Mrs. Hudson.
“No, really, Sherlock,” Greg called after him, and Sherlock turned back with a growl. “You always know who’s behind things, even when you don’t want to say, for whatever reason.” He looked pointedly at John, knowing they were all recalling the night John had saved Sherlock by shooting the cabbie. Mycroft developed a sudden, intense interest in the room’s acoustic tile ceiling. “I know you know. So tell me!”
“No,” I said, ducking my head as I made my admission. “I didn’t delete it, because it made you laugh.” I looked up again and caught John’s stricken expression. “And it was the first time I had heard you laugh in months.” (Trust John to be amused by a line about shattering bones.)
Greg grinned. “I thought you’d never ask.” He looked up through his office’s glass divider as a figure approached. He rose and opened his office door to let the newcomer in. “Come in, Ferg.” John and Sherlock’s eyes widened as they took in the diminutive man who walked in wearing high-top trainers, ripped jeans and a twenty øne piløts t-shirt, all topped off with a Day-Glo orange fauxhawk.
“Not in the least. Objectively, she is an attractive, confident woman who knows what she wants and is clearly unafraid to indulge in all manner of creative sexual exploits. You are bisexual. Why
When next they surfaced for air, John discovered that he had mysteriously become naked from the waist up and was now straddling Sherlock’s lap. Sherlock’s dress shirt was half open and rucked up to his armpits, his suit jacket having vanished to parts unknown. Both men were panting, flushed, and sporting matching erections that felt fucking
Down in the living room, Sherlock slammed the dildo down onto the side table, threw himself into his chair, and flipped open the laptop. Now, then: to find that video. As soon as the login screen came up, Sherlock briskly tapped in the four digits of John’s PIN.
“Those are good options,” John acknowledged, tapping a finger against his upper lip. Sherlock and Greg watched the exchange in amusement. “But if you wanted to keep with the fictional character theme, you could opt for Ewok, or Munchkin or even Oompa Loompa.”
He moved to the head of the bed and shoved the top pillow out of the way, revealing another pillow underneath. He paused, eyes narrowing as he frowned down at it. This must be the cervical pillow John had mentioned wanting to buy to help with his neck pain. Odd that it was shaped like a pair of buttocks. He shook his head again, willing himself to focus and stop getting sidetracked. He snarled and bent down to grab the protruding corner of the laptop, shoving the pillow out of the way as he did so. He was wholly unprepared for the 12-inch silicone penis that slapped him on the cheek as the pillow flipped over. What—? He put a hand to his cheek in shock, then took a closer look at the item.
Sherlock stepped back out of her reach, sliding a hand into his pocket to withdraw the mobile in question. “Yes, you have, haven’t you?” he bit out. “And you installed that obnoxious text alert noise while you were at it. I want it gone. I want
John smiles at me then, and it is my favourite smile of his, soft and full of love, kindling that beautiful inner light in his eyes. It's the same smile he gives Rosie when the tenderness wells up in him. He steps up to me, then, and I don’t know which of us moves first or if we move in unison, but John’s arms come around me and mine about him, and I rest my cheek on his hair, breathing in his scent. He holds me with infinite gentleness, as though I am something precious and breakable. As though he is holding my heart. We stand there like that for a moment that stretches into minutes, just breathing and drawing comfort, until Rosie awakens, crying. "I'll get her," John says, and releases me with a gentle smile. I immediately miss his warmth and the scent of him, but I smile back. He squeezes my arm with one hand and goes up to fetch our Rosie.
Sherlock’s fingers tightened on his face. “Why not? John, what’s wrong?” There was more than just concern in the detective’s voice now. There was near panic, because John wasn’t looking at him. John wasn’t looking at
Sherlock heaved a sigh of relief at the sight of him, wordlessly reaching out a hand. John clasped it without hesitation and emerged from the replica of 221B's lounge to join him in the corridor. Instantly, Sherlock felt steadier. The ground stilled beneath them and the wind dropped, then subsided altogether. John had always been Sherlock’s one fixed point, his north star, the one who kept him right. And though the world remained off kilter, as long as John was here, Sherlock knew everything would be okay.
Now it was Greg’s turn to lean in. He bent down, bringing his mouth to Irene’s ear, and whispered something to her. Whatever he said caused her to stiffen and draw back sharply. “I see!” she said. “How very vulgar.” Then her eyes twinkled and she gave a coquettish shrug. “But then, if that’s the sort of thing you like, who am I to argue?” She smiled and took a step back, and Mycroft lowered his umbrella. “I’ll be going, then.”
Forty minutes later, the freshly showered duo, with Cath’s directions in hand, climbed into their hired car and headed out.
“They won’t find anything,” Sherlock cut in, “because it’s not a tattoo. It’s the two middle letters of a six-letter word. Specifically, the word TAIWAN.” Sherlock leaned over Anderson’s desk, looming into his space. “These aren’t even photographs of people, Anderson. They’re
Sherlock closed his eyes, reviewing the pursuit of Mulroney from John’s perspective—there had been the alley, the near stabbing, Sherlock checking on him, the climb up the fire escape in the detective’s wake, turn to skirt the stairwell entrance, Sherlock’s leap off the roof...
“Okay,” Greg said, gesturing at the board. “We’ve got a set of 19 photos in all, posted to NSY, received this afternoon. The envelope’s at the lab now, but so far no prints, postmarked in London yesterday, so not much to go on there. Address was printed, not handwritten, so not much there, either. No accompanying note, just the photos.” Greg gestured at the board. “These are copies, of course. Originals are also with the lab.” He hooked a thumb over his shoulder at Anderson’s desk. “More copies are in that file folder if you’d like a closer look.”
” He scrambled to the bathroom and managed to raise the toilet seat before falling to his knees, clutching the porcelain as his body began ejecting everything he had eaten in recent memory. He vomited violently again and again, barely able to draw breath before each new paroxysm overtook him. At last it eased up and he fumbled for the toilet handle, flushing away the mess. Everything hurt. Tears had been forced from his eyes and were coursing down his cheeks, and he wiped them away as he shuddered and gasped for breath, head pounding.
John opened his eyes, but a grey mist seemed to swirl before them. Yes, now he remembered—the joys of "time travel." He wasn't on the bathroom floor anymore, that much was clear. There was worn leather beneath his touch. The sofa, then. He brought a hand up to his forehead and removed the cold cloth.
In response to his touch, Sherlock stirred, lifting his head and bringing a hand to the back of his neck as the first of the aches made its presence known. His eyes sought John’s, and John thought he had never seen a more beautiful sight than a newly awakened Sherlock, even one so haggard and pale as his friend looked this morning. His expression was soft and unguarded. John looked into his friend’s eyes and caught his breath at the tenderness he saw there. Gentleness. Kindness. Love. There was
“Sherlock—God—” John ground out, raising his head up off the floor to take in the breathtaking sight of their cocks rubbing together, foreskins pulling back and forth over bell ends. “Oh, God, you feel fantastic,” John gasped. Above him, Sherlock’s face was flushed with sweat, damp curls clinging to his forehead as he bit deeply into his lower lip. John had never seen him look more beautiful.
Sherlock gave a theatrical sigh. “All I can tell you is that it’s a case of compressed rage.” John threw an astonished glance in Shankley’s direction. The younger man widened his eyes, looking all innocence. Hardly a stretch for a man who was 90 per cent puppy to begin with. The exchange of glances was lost on the others, though.
“I must be getting heavy,” Sherlock mumbled after a bit. He tried to shift away, but John clutched him closer with a sound of protest. “Mmm...no. Not yet.”
, time out!” John cut in sharply. He drew Sherlock aside, away from the intrusive gaze of the squad. Sherlock always thought better without distractions. He took a breath as Sherlock paced across the broken pavement of the building’s yard, right hand twitching at his side. Lestrade’s crew looked on from some distance away.
“Which in no way negates the fact that I’m bisexual,” Greg bit out, jaw tight. Bi erasure had been a sore spot with him for decades.
There was another collective head swivel as the door to the squad room opened. Mycroft Holmes entered, carrying an umbrella in one hand and multiple bags of takeaway in the other. He paused in surprise just inside the door. Sherlock groaned at the sight of him. “Mycroft? What the hell are you doing here?” Then the deductions kicked in. “Oh, of course. You had a date, it got cancelled because of Anderson’s joke of a case, and now you’ve shown up with dinner for your
It was nearly 2 a.m. when Sherlock’s ears caught the first sign of the nightmare. He could just make out the sound of John thrashing around in his bed, followed by some muffled cries. Sherlock waited. Would this be a bad one? The thrashing and cries intensified. There was a clatter as something was knocked to the floor. A bad one, then.
“It’s right down here,” they heard Lester say. There was a sound, like a prolonged burst of heavy static, and then nothing. Shankley’s earpiece had gone dead.
Shankley gave him an appraising look in turn and nodded. “Aye, I could see that. Hobbit isn’t really much of an insult, though. I mean, Hobbits are small but they kick arse when needed, don’t they? There’re worse things than bein’ a Hobbit.”
The cage descended slowly, coming to a stop with a jolt. The two men found themselves staring into a long corridor made of the same concrete as the cellar they had just left. It was narrow, dimly lit, and also entirely deserted. A cubbyhole in the wall to their right was filled with firearms, which explained the lack of weapons inside Lester's den. They exited the cage-lift and it immediately rose again, going back to fetch the two constables Greg was sending down.
“I think we’ve found where Shankley went,” Sherlock said. He turned to John, gesturing toward the cage. “Shall we?”
A tow truck arrived and began reversing into position to collect the damaged lorry, and John abruptly found himself at loose ends. He looked around, getting his bearings. What had he been doing before the crash? Oh, right. The shops. He looked down, and there was the dime. The dime he had nearly reached when he had remembered his errand and turned back. The dime that marked the spot where he would have been standing had that recollection not intervened. The spot where that young mother had died. The spot where
Now Sherlock stood staring down at the empty pavement, lost in thought. His brother and Lestrade would doubtless be quite nauseating from now on. There would be public displays of affection, little
Upstairs, Sherlock watched the two men get in and the car glide away into the pelting rain. The flat was finally quiet again after the bollocking Mrs. Hudson had given him about the damned dildo. She had insisted he fetch it off the landing
No, surely not. Yet here was the man himself, just as Sherlock had predicted. Greg shook his head and stepped out, reaching back to pull the door shut behind him. A sudden screech and the crash of a dropping plate stopped him in his tracks. Mycroft spun around in alarm.
John disappeared into the bathroom to shower. Some time later, Sherlock heard him exit the bathroom and traipse upstairs to dress, whistling a jaunty tune. At length Sherlock stood, gave a languorous stretch, and made his way to the bathroom to begin his own morning ablutions. He brushed his teeth, then undressed and turned to the bathtub.
Sherlock advanced back into the middle of the room, crouching down to examine the overlarge drain in the centre of the floor. It was a rectangular stainless steel grill in a concrete frame, measuring perhaps two feet wide by four feet long. “Why, in a newly refurbished cellar with no evidence of damp, would one need such a huge drain?”
“As a matter of fact, it was,” John said mildly. He looked Sherlock up and down, taking in not only his state of undress but also the slow blush blooming upward from chest to face as Sherlock realized it too. John licked his lips, unconsciously running a fingertip over the dildo’s frenulum as he cradled the neon-green scrotum in his other hand. “I’ll just...let you get on with it, then, shall I?”
Sherlock smirked. “Fair enough. But, John, we both know the demands of your transport rule your life. Especially your...baser urges. If you’re not dating, what are you going to do for—you know—for—”
Sherlock’s text alert sounded again, but this time it wasn’t the standard chime. A woman’s moan echoed through the room.
At that, Sherlock stopped typing. He stiffened, expression shifting from irritation to concern. “Mrs. Hudson? Is she—”
“Then, please, allow me to be of service,” Mycroft said as a black car drew up at the kerb behind him. They moved to the vehicle in unison and Mycroft opened the door, then held the umbrella to shield Greg as he climbed in.
with fondant potatoes. The food was delectable, the wine pairings impeccable. By the time the waiter announced the arrival of the decadent
John turned away from Lestrade and surreptitiously took out his gun, keeping it out of sight. He wasn’t supposed to have it, after all. “After you.”
Was it really possible that John was bi, as Greg had claimed? That John could actually want to be with a man...with
John smiled in disbelief. “Me?” he turned and gestured at the wreckage around them, “I managed all this?”
He has told me about his time in the army and about being shot; I have told him about my time at uni and how I got into drugs.
Twenty-three minutes later, shaved, dressed and coiffed, Sherlock emerged from his bedroom in search of caffeine. Mrs. Hudson, bless her, had been up while he was in his room, as evidenced by the tray that had materialized on the kitchen worktop. It held a fresh pot of tea, complete with striped cosy, along with a cup, saucer, and small plate of scones. Sherlock silently blessed his landlady, stuffed a whole scone into his mouth, and began scrounging around for the milk and sugar. Once his tea was doctored to his liking, he sat down at the kitchen table, phone in hand, and sipped his drink as he scrolled. He inhaled deeply, savouring the aroma of the tea and letting the steam from the cup curl around his face. The bergamot seemed particularly aromatic this morning, and the tea was a perfect complement to the buttery, sweet tanginess of Mrs. Hudson’s scones. In fact, Sherlock was feeling remarkably well and relaxed at the moment—no doubt the effect of two mindblowing orgasms within the space of a few hours. He wondered if John might have felt similarly when he woke up this morning, given the explosive climax Sherlock had witnessed—
And there was John himself, gripping a door frame for balance, eyes slitted against the wind lashing at his hair and cardigan.
“Well, that is very lucky,” said John as he nibbled on an earlobe. “Because I can be very speedy when necessary.”
The low, repetitive thumping that then resonated through 221B was caused by the forehead of the world’s only consulting detective making repeated contact with the nearest wall.
Sherlock gave a long-suffering sigh. “Hair like mine is a chronic condition, John. There's no cure, but with care, it can be managed.”
, his brain whispered. He would happily sacrifice his entire wardrobe, up to and including every last indexed sock, if it meant he and John could do more of what they'd just been up to. “Fine. Text me the location of the crime scene.”
“And yet it’s true.” Sherlock shook his head. “I take my hat off to you, John. I rescind my every past assessment of your idiocy. You are, in fact, a diabolical genius in dreadful jumpers.”
“That’s what it says on my birth certificate,” John said evenly, taking another sip. He nodded in the direction of the open laptop sitting to Sherlock’s right. “So, you...worked it out, then?”
“Ah.” Sherlock pasted on the phoniest smile John had ever seen outside of a political fundraiser. “Sherlock Holmes, at your service,” he said in his plummiest voice, extending a hand. Cath stared at it as though it carried bubonic plague. She fixed John with a disbelieving look.
Sherlock, not certain what to make of this, simply hugged him back, an awkward undertaking with Rosie sandwiched between them.
“Over the years, brother, I have learned to brace myself for any eventuality when entering your flat.” He waved a hand vaguely to indicate the space around them. “Decomposing body parts, malodorous experiments, even the occasional drug-fuelled assault—”
The dark-haired man was better hung than Sherlock himself (no surprise there—this was a porno, after all), but Sherlock was oddly pleased to see that the blond was not as well endowed as John.
When they arrived back at 221B, Sherlock and John were exhausted but elated. They crept quietly up the stairs to avoid disturbing Mrs. Hudson and shared a silent smile as they hung their coats on the living room door hook. John turned to Sherlock, looking up into his face, and the taller man faltered at the look of open fondness in John’s eyes.
I totally made up everything about Gymkhana except the name. It's called artistic licence, folks. LOL
Greg turned back to Sherlock, fixing him with an expectant look as he waited for him to stop sitting there blinking and gazing after his brother. It took a moment or two for Sherlock to shake himself out of it and shift his attention back to the subject at hand. “Case files. Right. Let me just...” He indicated the desk and moved over to it, rifling through several stacks of papers until he found the folder he was searching for. “Ah, here we are.” He handed it over and Greg took it from him.
“Mm,” Sherlock agreed as he returned to his hacking. “There are a number of factors at play there, not least of which is how many herbal soothers she’s indulged in at any given time.”
“Oh, no," he groaned. "Round two.” He assumed the position again. The second time around was, if anything, worse than the first, his body insisting on continuing to heave even when there was nothing left to bring up. It went on and on. John hung over the bowl, throat raw from the burning bile, sides aching, diaphragm in spasms, completely wrung out. Dear God, even the worst hangover of his life—and it had been one for the ages—hadn’t been this bad. At last it eased up and he rested his head on one forearm, eyes closed. His pulse thudded at the base of his skull. Without raising his head, he reached for the handle and flushed. He felt a gentle hand on his back. Clutching his aching head, he moved back again to sit against the tub.
Irene reached out and adjusted the collar of Sherlock’s shirt, eyes flashing in amusement at the way the gesture caused John to stiffen and glare. “Because I’ve texted you dozens of times in the years since we met, and you’ve never once replied.” She held up her phone for him to see. “But tonight, I did get a response: ‘PISS OFF,’ all upper case, no punctuation. Not even an ‘SH.’” She raised her eyebrows. “Naturally, I assumed you’d been abducted and were signalling for help. I’ve been in your phone, remember. I know how your texts are supposed to look.”
John reached the roof moments after Sherlock, in time to see the famous Belstaff disappear around the corner of a rooftop stairwell entrance. John pelted across the roof, skidding a little as he rounded the corner, then stopped short. Ahead of him, Sherlock’s figure was silhouetted against the dusk sky, arms spread and Belstaff flying, as he mounted the rooftop ledge. John watched, rooted to the spot in something very like horrified déjà vu, as the moment seemed to stretch and Sherlock fell. John’s stomach went with him. He bent forward for a moment, putting a hand to the cold brickwork to his right and drawing deep breaths to help his innards settle back where they belonged. Then he was up and running. He had to know what was happening.
" shouted Sherlock, but his friend was unresponsive. He turned John's limp form until he could press two fingers to his neck. He located the carotid artery and was relieved to feel John's pulse there, elevated but strong. He gathered his friend up and gave a grunt as he stood. John was heavier than he looked, but fortunately for them both, Sherlock was stronger than
For the record, John did not wash his Fleshlight out in the kitchen sink and then put it on the dish rack. The Fleshlight was brand new and unused at that point - this was all just part of John's secret evil plan to psych Sherlock out.
Sherlock closed his eyes and did a three-count inhale, four-count exhale. He opened his eyes again. “About. What?” he asked in a preternaturally calm tone.
John smiled up at him. “Would you like it to be?” he asked, feeling suddenly shy. “Because it could be, you know...if you wanted it to.”
Sherlock’s text alert sounded and was ignored, because just then John was in the process of tearing Sherlock’s shirt off and tossing it across the room.
Sherlock looked like precisely what he was: a man torn between screaming and throttling his flatmate where he stood. “And that would be...?” he prompted through clenched teeth.
“Of course,” said John, taking a few steps backward as the first paramedic took his place at Eric’s side. He turned to the second man. “Doctor John Watson. The driver’s GCS is 15, alert and orientated, pupils equal and reactive. Says he blacked out before the crash. Complaining of chest and abdominal pain—possible seatbelt compression, but he’s also tachycardic and diaphoretic. No history of heart disease, but given the blackout and his other symptoms, I can’t rule out some sort of cardiac episode.” He lowered his voice. “There’s another victim, female. DOA. Massive cranial trauma, visible brain matter.” He nodded toward the driver. “He doesn’t know. The female victim has a baby, six to eight months old, in the push chair over there. Apparently unharmed, but I haven’t had a chance to make a full examination.”
The remark brought Shankley up short. “Hobbits, is it?” he asked. He turned to John, eyes twinkling with amusement. “Do I look like a Hobbit t'you?”
Sherlock’s head swivelled slowly in Greg’s direction. “Remarkable. This is truly remarkable, Lestrade.”
So for the first while, everything was just about perfect. Then Sherlock caught sight of John Watson’s penis. Things got a bit ridiculous after that.
As promised, the restaurant was exquisite. They were shown to a booth in a secluded corner and served one of the best meals of their recollection, working their way steadily through
“Got it in one. We’re setting up a task force—my team, Fergus here, the two of you, and any members of your homeless network willing to work with us. The goal is first and foremost to find the missing kids, of course, but secondarily to infiltrate Lester’s operations and find a way to take him down. If you’d like to follow Shankley, we can join the rest of the team in the incident room and get things rolling.” He gestured to the door and the other three men exited, Lestrade following in their wake.
John removed his hand from Sherlock’s arm and used it to stifle a yawn. “I don’t know if it’s early or late, but I do know I’m knackered. You?”
“If I may, Detective Inspector—” Mycroft said, holding out the bags of takeaway. “I do have enough here for everyone.”
Ella, again. She does have a talent for putting things in terms even a recovering sociopath such as myself can comprehend.
John raised his face to Sherlock’s. “I...” God, where to start? He took a deep breath and felt it all come whooshing back out in a great sigh. He smiled. “You’re going to think I’m crazy,” he murmured.
Sherlock surveyed the room, as well, and breathed a sigh of relief. He looked back at John, whose silver and gold hair gleamed in the firelight from the hearth. Sherlock smiled softly. “Yes, I found it. Thank you, John.”
The realization struck him full force, then. He would have died there, on the pavement of Baker Street, in broad daylight on a sunny Thursday afternoon, for no other reason than that he was standing in the wrong place when a lorry driver had a heart attack and lost control of his vehicle. Not while chasing a criminal down a dark alley, not while protecting Sherlock or Rosie, not while doing something real and worthwhile and
Sorry for the delay on this one, folks. I hit a bit of a hump with where I wanted the story to go from here, but I think I've got over it now. Phew!
None of it has been easy to hear, or to say, and there have been tears and recriminations and sadness and anger and guilt. But there has also been understanding and forgiveness and closeness and healing and love. And in spite of all the stumbling blocks in our path, John and I have made great strides. Even Ella says so. I have given her permission to share with John anything I may say in our sessions that she feels might help him, and he has done likewise. It is helping.
Lestrade gave a sardonic smile. “So would I, but we both know that’s not how it works. Lester is also a suspected paedophile. From what we’ve been able to piece together, he seems to be preying on young runaways and homeless youth.”
“Ta,” John said again, closing the door behind her. Cath was bent over the bed, opening the zip on her overnight bag. “Mm-hmm, very nice,” he said, not in reference to the room. Cath straightened up, giving a little smirk as she noted the direction of his gaze.
“And without you, I end up staring at my gun,” he says, “or disappearing into a bottle. We’re no good together, are we? But we're even worse apart. What the fuck do we do with this, Sherlock? I’ve gone and bollocksed up a good thing.”
“Oh, right,” said John, entering the room. “Forgot I left that there. I’ll...just—” He pointed in the direction of the tub and stepped past Sherlock to retrieve the offending item. He reached down, grasping the dildo by the shaft. He gave a decisive jerk and it popped off the wall with a hollow
Sherlock pondered this. There was always the possibility that John had used a random set of four digits, but that would certainly be atypical for him. All his PINs to date had held some kind of meaning for him, however inane.
link. But all that happened was that the hourglass icon appeared, a set of small dots swirled around it for a few seconds, and then the screen reverted to the PIN field.
Sherlock’s text alert sounded again and was ignored, because now it was Sherlock’s turn to get his hands on John’s cock and the sound John made as Sherlock gave it that first long, slow pull was something Sherlock would never forget, not if he lived another century.
Once the squad was in position, Wilkins and Jones weaved drunkenly up to the front door and began pounding on it, shouting for their fictitious mate, Nigel. “Oi! Nige! Shift arse and get out ‘ere!”
Hey, Sherlock. Your phone was having fits in your coat pocket and I didn’t want it to wake you, so I put it on silent. Hope that’s okay. The surgery called—they’re shorthanded today, so I’m going in for a few hours. I was thinking maybe Thai later? Let me know.
Ah. Clearly he’d got it wrong, then, although he would never admit as much to John. Sherlock let go of John’s shirt. He cleared his throat. “Ah...never mind,” he said, straightening his dressing gown as he moved toward the bathroom door. Now that his first theory had been disproved, Sherlock was back to having zero idea what was going on. It was an unfamiliar feeling, and not one he enjoyed.
“Increased intracranial pressure. It can happen sometimes when...” he gestured in the direction of the toilet. “If it’s really violent, pressure can build up inside the brain and press on the optic nerve. It’s temporary. I’ll be fine in a few minutes.”
The driver appeared to be in his late fifties. He was still fastened into his seat, head lolling to the side. His eyes opened in response to John’s question and he turned his head to look at him.
But he had to get to the bottom of this. He cast a quizzical look back at John over his shoulder. “So, whatever it was, you...worked it out, then?”
Lestrade approached the beds and knelt down. “You just hang on, now,” he told the kids kindly. “We’ll have you out of here in no time.”
He went on holding me even after the shaking subsided and my sobs ebbed away and my tears dried, refusing to let me go until I was ready. At long last, once the tempest had passed and I sat slumped against him, hollowed out and spent, I took what felt like the first free breath I had drawn in years and released it in a sigh that seemed to come up from my very toes.
“Mmm...don’t care,” John mumbled into his skin. He was still panting but inhaled as deeply as he could, revelling in the musky, sweaty smell of a sex-sated consulting detective. He wrapped his arms tighter around Sherlock’s back. “You smell fantastic. I love it. And I love every part of what we just did, too.”
So I wait, and I trust that when John is ready, he will come to me and we will work our way through it together, as has become our wont. But in the meantime, I worry about him.
Lestrade addressed the rest of his squad. “Everyone else, I want you deployed out of sight but as close to the door as you can get. Once we’re in, our mission is twofold: find Shankley and make sure he’s safe, and find and secure Lester. Everybody gear up and move in.”
Mycroft gave a mirthless smile and cleared his throat. “It’s four pounds, in fact, and no, cardio is not the reason for my visit. I’m here out of concern.”
Sherlock stalked toward the board, head tilting as his eyes darted over the images, taking in every detail. Greg stood back to give him room, and John came to stand beside him, nodding in greeting. He folded his arms and settled in to watch Sherlock work his magic. No matter how many times he’d seen him do it, John never tired of the experience.
“It’s a dish rack. A rack. For dishes. An item commonly found in kitchens and used to drip-dry the washing up. I realize you’re not the most domestic person, Sherlock, but I thought even you knew what—”
which he had done, restoring it to its place of honour on the table beside his chair. After further haranguing, he then swept up and disposed of the broken dish and ruined biscuits. At last that was enough to placate Mrs. Hudson, who retreated back downstairs muttering dark threats of raising his rent as compensation for everything he put her through.
“Why don’t we sit over here?” Greg asked, moving to the sofa. “More comfortable than those office chairs.”
“You okay?” John asked, pulling the sheet back down into position. He found his charger cable and plugged the mobile in.
. But if there is one thing I have learned in the years since Reichenbach (a period John has taken to calling "the shitstorm"), it is that I cannot keep doing what I have always done while expecting a different outcome. I am reliably informed that that is one of the definitions of insanity. And I have had quite enough insanity in my life, thank you kindly. Time to do things differently, I think.
Mycroft raised a placating hand. “My apprehension, as it turns out, was misplaced. It had come to my attention that in recent weeks, Mrs. Hudson has taken delivery of a number of...shall we say...anomalous items.” He hooked a thumb over his shoulder in the direction of the door. “One of which is currently gracing your landing. But now I see she was not the intended recipient. And a few minutes’ conversation over a cup of tea was more than sufficient to establish that she is, indeed, still
“Yes, well, no such luck, apparently,” said Sherlock, reaching for the doorknob. He turned back. “You have nothing to worry about, you know,” he added gently. “I’m not interested in her. Not in that way. She intrigues me, intellectually, but there’s never been anything more between us.”
John moved around to the driver’s side of the vehicle, where a cluster of people had gathered. Someone had opened the driver's door, and John could see the man was slumped in his seat.
Sherlock looked down into John’s earnest face and relented. He could never deny John Watson anything. He sighed, did as he was asked, and returned to his seat. He settled in, crossing his legs and folding his arms over his chest, gaze wary and expression shuttered. John moved his hand to Sherlock’s knee as though to hold him in place, and Sherlock had to admit it was working. Whether John knew it or not, Sherlock would never voluntarily move away from John’s touch—not without a compelling reason. But he couldn’t seem to meet John’s eye.
of any importance at all.” He grabbed the folder of photos off Anderson’s desk and flipped it open to the first of the pictures. He held it up for Anderson to see. “You went over this one, hmm?”
John stilled and stepped back but kept a hand on Sherlock’s waist as he looked up into his face. “It is, isn't it? You’ve always been there for me. Always, from the very start. Even when you died, even when I married someone else, even when I wanted nothing to do with you. Even when I didn't deserve it—and let's face facts, that was most of the time—you were always there for me.”
“I don’t care about that, John. Please let me help.” The request was moving in its plaintive simplicity.
Sherlock saw. Of course Sherlock saw. “Can I get you anything?" he asked, his tone gentler. "The paracetamol?”
“A rock,” Sherlock echoed, brow furrowing. He twirled around, pacing and unconsciously wringing his hands. “A rock, a rock...there’s something—”
Night had settled in earnest around 221B. Sherlock rose from his chair, feeling chilled from his prolonged immobility. He made a fire in the grate, then made himself some tea, moving to the stairwell door and leaving it ajar so he could keep an ear out. He returned to his chair and settled himself there. He would be standing watch this night.
“Have you not? Really?” Sherlock sneered. He strode over to Shankley, ignoring his outraged “Oi!” as he relieved him of his Costa coffee cup, and returned to slam it down onto Anderson’s desk, sending milky liquid sloshing out onto the photographs.
Lestrade came over, face grim. “We can’t leave him in there without backup, with no way to communicate. He knows how to fight, but he’s unarmed and alone in there with a paedophile.”
He reached out and picked it up, turning it every which way for close examination. It was a black plastic cylinder, broader at one end than the other. The word “Fleshlight” was emblazoned on the side, and it did look a bit like a torch, although it was far too lightweight to actually be one. The broader end of the object, where the light source would be if it were an actual torch, consisted of a soft, rounded silicone surface, designed with a cleft and a small, puckered opening. The material was very soft to the touch, and so malleable that it stretched around Sherlock’s finger when he inserted it into the opening. He felt around the inside. It seemed to consist of more of the same material, but moulded into a variety of shapes and textures. Mystified, Sherlock put the item back on the dish rack.
Except he was, sort of. Mind-palace John was always with him, and always a comfort, despite being only a reasonable facsimile of the real thing. Sherlock closed his eyes, expecting to find the steadiness of his mind palace, but instead there were cracks snaking along the building’s walls and windowpanes as its foundation rumbled and shook. Clearly the mind palace was mirroring the seismic shift in Sherlock’s understanding of the world. Sherlock staggered to the door of John’s wing and pulled it open. Beyond was a howling maelstrom. “Sherlock?” came John’s voice from inside. “What’s happening?” he shouted.
“Let me through, please,” John said, pushing his way to the man’s side. “Sir? Sir, can you hear me?”
“Let me help you,” said Sherlock, hooking a hand under John’s arm and supporting him as he stood. The fact that John made no objection to this level of fussing on Sherlock’s part was worrisome.
“Okay,” said John. He was too tired and sick to argue. “Okay.” He leaned his head against Sherlock’s forearm as his friend pressed the cold cloth to his forehead. He breathed a little, not wanting to move for the moment. Sherlock seemed to sense this and settled on the floor next to him, the flannel dangling from one hand. He wasn’t sure how long they remained there, but John must have dozed off because he awoke with his head on Sherlock’s shoulder and a churning in his gut.
Eric followed instructions and John checked the pulse at his neck, then his pupillary reflexes, and palpated the rest of his chest and belly. There was some tenderness along the path of the seatbelt, but no apparent bruising or severe injury. Eric’s pulse was rapid and a bit weak; his face was bathed in sweat.
“Oh, I know. I watched the press conference earlier. Terrible, what they were going to do to those kids. They should be locked up forever.”
“Hang on,” John stopped and pulled them both off to the side to let other people by. He fished out his phone. Tapping a couple of words into a Google image search, he showed Sherlock what came up. “Fournier’s gangrene. That,” he said, pointing to the blackened lump of necrotic flesh on the screen, “used to be a scrotum.”
“No,” John said, putting a hand up to the detective’s shoulder. One thumb began stroking the soft skin just above the taller man's shirt collar, making Sherlock shiver despite himself. “No, please don’t shut down. Don’t shut me out. It’s okay. It’s okay, because I love you, too, don’t you see?” He smiled up into Sherlock’s face. “
This was wrong. Sherlock's experience of sexual relationships may have been limited, but one aspect on which he was entirely clear was the concept of consent. John wasn't gay—he had made that abundantly clear many times over the years—and that meant he wasn't interested. Moreover, he had given up dating to focus on the Work, and here Sherlock was repaying him with inappropriate sexual fantasies about him and his (massive, mouthwatering—
Lestrade looked completely flummoxed for a moment but then broke out in a disbelieving grin. “Oh, you are having me on. Posh bloke like your brother, fancying a copper? Right, pull the other one!” He chuckled.
Greg gave a quick wave of acknowledgment, and the entire squad apart from Donovan and Anderson broke out into a spontaneous round of applause, cheers and whistles. Just as this died down, the squad room door opened again.
” he thundered. Sherlock looked about him in the shell-shocked silence that followed. “It seems it is. Good. John?” He held his arm out. John hooked his elbow through it, and the two made their exit.
Mycroft levelled a furious glare in his brother’s direction as he moved to stand beside Greg, who rounded on Sherlock. “Thank you for outing me to my entire team, you colossal twat!” he growled.
“O...kay,” John said doubtfully, brow furrowing as he took in the spilled coffee and then Sherlock’s look of poleaxed embarrassment. “Everything okay?” he asked.
So when John locked eyes with me that night, I did not look away. There was something wounded there in his look, and though it hurt me to see it, I held his gaze. “I can’t...” he began, then trailed off. I waited.
“You stay here with the baby,” John ordered a male bystander. “Do not take her out of the push chair. She may have internal injuries we can’t see, so right now that baby carrier is the safest place for her.” By now the sound of sirens could be heard, coming closer. “The ambulance is on its way. You stay with her and do not move from this spot. Understood?”
Greg shrugged. “Yeah, I had Sally drop me. I was going to get a cab back.” He smiled. “A lift would be great.”
“Easy,” said John. “I need you to keep still. Help is on the way. Can you tell me if anything hurts?”
, he thought, and burrowed back down into his bed. He punched his pillow into shape and wriggled about until he was comfortable again. Naturally, this was when his bladder sounded the red alert. Sherlock sighed and sat back up, pushing the covers off. Bloody transport. Loo it was, then. He rose and plodded into the bathroom, stifling a yawn as he went.
John cleared his throat. “Right,” he said tightly, turning away. “Right.” He spent the remainder of the cab ride looking resolutely out the window, but it did very little good. If he hadn’t known better, he would have sworn the cabbie was deliberately hitting every speed bump, pothole and uneven patch of roadway between Baker Street and NSY. He was hyperaware of Sherlock, and the minute sounds he made with every jolt were slowly driving John mad. Every tiny gasp, hissed intake of breath, and aborted grunt seemed to go straight to John’s crotch. He couldn’t help thinking about how Sherlock had been making all those same sounds and more as John—oh, bugger. By the time the cab pulled up at their destination, both men were red in the face and holding their coats in awkward positions. John began muttering to himself as he paid the fare and then exited the cab, moving like a man with a bad case of lumbago.
Sherlock held his breath for a moment, then released it with an involuntary sound that could only be described as a squeak. He clapped a hand over his mouth. What the hell was the matter with him? One glimpse of a dick and suddenly he was blushing and moaning like a schoolgirl? Only it wasn’t just any dick. It was
“Shit—Sherlock, no!” John was saying, and it was only then that Sherlock realized that without conscious volition, he had leapt out of his chair with the firm intention of fleeing—the room, the flat, John, London itself—if only it meant escaping the misery he could feel spreading outward from his chest.
Sherlock glanced down at the computer, then back at John before lowering his gaze. “Obviously,” he said, lifting his chin. Somehow the usual arrogant tone he was striving for was failing him just now.
Sherlock began with the obvious: birth dates. Month/day, then year for John, Harry, Mrs. Hudson, and Sherlock himself.
After a few minutes, John stirred. The hard floor was uncomfortable. He sat up, though he kept one hand on Sherlock's arm for support.
Mycroft scoffed, shaking his head. “It was nothing of the sort, I assure you. Some time ago, I deduced that the chef was grappling with a personal issue in an area in which I have considerable expertise. I was able to assist. He was grateful.”
gone.” He felt rather than saw John bouncing on the balls of his feet at that. “In fact, why don’t you get into my phone again right now?” He whipped the device straight at Irene’s head, not surprised when she snatched it out of the air without taking her eyes off him. “Kindly do away with that insufferable sound,” he snarled, “and any other evidence of your existence, and
John rounded on him, miming his skull exploding. “The moment you finally drove me round the twist and my sanity went
“Well, you shouldn’t have done," he snarls. “Because some things, Sherlock...some things are unforgivable.”
One morning, Sherlock awoke to the sound of the bathroom door closing as John prepared to take a shower. The water started up and Sherlock rose, wrapping his bedsheet around him. John usually had his coffee after his shower, but sometimes he did it the other way around. Hoping it would be the latter, Sherlock stumbled into the kitchen in search of caffeine. John, bless him, had left him some coffee in the French press. Sherlock pulled down a mug and filled it, yawning widely. He dumped in his customary three sugars and took his first sip of the black elixir, sighing with satisfaction. His gaze settled on an unfamiliar item in the dish rack. He frowned. That hadn’t been there the night before.
“Guess I should be grateful there were no body parts involved this time,” John muttered as he tucked himself away.
Sherlock took the chest from John, giving a fond smile as he brushed the lid clear of dust. “Yes. The beginning.”
It’s pure reflex, entirely beyond my control. Ever since Serbia, any sudden movement in the periphery of my visual field is a trigger. I flinch.
“What do I want?” John licked his lips and ran a lingering, appreciative gaze down Sherlock’s form, from his crown of inky curls down the creamy column of his neck right to the tips of those endless legs. He gave a languid smile, not bothering to hide the desire he felt. “Hmm...maybe I should just show you...yeah?”
“Sherlock,” John whispered. He slid a hand behind Sherlock’s neck, cupping his nape and twining his fingers into the silken strands there. He leaned forward to press their foreheads together. “I want this. Hmm?”
“Sure, yeah.” The hand on his hip came up to scratch behind his opposite ear. “I’ve decided to give up dating.”
The scene switched to two clothed men, kissing on a bed. Both were young, one blond and smaller, the other taller and dark-haired. The darker man’s face was turned away as he lavished kisses on the smaller man’s neck. The camera angle changed as the men kissed and caressed each other on the bed, and Sherlock gulped as he caught sight of the dark-haired man’s face for the first time. These two could be himself and John, if they had met in uni. Sherlock hit pause to give himself time to digest the implications. Clearly this was not just any random gay porn video. This was two men who were doppelgängers for himself and John, albeit ten to 15 years younger. This was two men whose sexual escapades had brought John to an explosive climax under Sherlock’s very eyes. Sherlock gulped and clicked play again.
“And a good morning to you, too,” said Greg, eyebrows climbing sardonically. “I’m well, thanks for asking. How are you?”
“Oi!” said Bright from down the hall. Or maybe it was Evans. One of the two. “We wait for DI Lestrade. Boss’s orders!”
"Yeah, I know, I was there," said John, grunting as he shifted himself, "but sitting upright will relieve the pressure faster." Sherlock helped him to sit, then fetched the Union Jack pillow from John's chair and placed it behind him. John squinted about the room. Still no go with the optics.
John’s head appeared around the edge of the door. “Sherlock? Something the matter?” he asked, sounding slightly out of breath.
“Sherlock...I’m going to make a deduction. And if I’m right, you’re going to be honest and tell me, okay?”
“Yeah,” said John, nodding as he looked up at his friend. “I can see fine again.” And the sight of the beatific smile that spread over Sherlock’s features at his words was one he would not soon forget. John’s answering smile was cut short as chills shook him again, raising gooseflesh on his arms.
“And yet you failed to notice that the light striking the victim’s face is coming from an entirely different direction than the light striking her body?” He pointed to the relevant shadows around the victim’s body.
Sherlock threw himself down onto his stomach on the floor, shining his torch into and around the edges of the drain. “Ah. Thought so!” he said. He scrambled back onto his feet. “Now, where is it...?” He began playing his torch over every surface in the cellar, closely inspecting the beams and pillars from waist height up. Mystified, John and Lestrade moved aside to allow him unfettered access. “It wouldn’t be too far away,” Sherlock muttered, turning about.
“Imagine, Anderson,” Sherlock murmured. “Imagine that you want something.” He waved a hand at the imaginary scene. “You want it more than you’ve ever wanted anything in your life. You’ve been wanting it for years. And one day, out of the blue, it’s offered to you. It’s right there in front of you, there for the taking, and just as you reach out for it, just as you have it within your literal grasp, you get called away for nonsense like
He and Sherlock were in pursuit of their latest quarry, a nasty little man with a lantern jaw and deficient personal hygiene named Mulroney. John had cornered him in an alley and Mulroney, faced with Sherlock charging toward him from one direction and Lestrade’s crew waiting in the other, had made the unwise decision of slashing at John with a knife before clambering up the nearest fire escape. John had dodged the slash, although he was thrown off balance for a moment. Sherlock sprinted up, paused just long enough to ascertain that John was unhurt, and pelted off in Mulroney’s wake with a look of ferocity about him that boded ill for his quarry.
John’s voice sounded again. It was muffled—John had clearly removed his earpiece and placed it some distance away but hadn’t turned it off.
Sherlock had reached the limits of his tolerance. Why hadn’t he installed a keystroke logger on John’s computer when he’d had the chance? Well, he’d never expected John to be able to stump him with a simple four-digit PIN, for a start. He never thought he’d need it. This was intolerable! He wanted to chuck the laptop across the room, but that would hardly be helpful. A bit counterproductive to destroy the very device he needed information from. He settled for the next best thing instead, wrenching the dildo off the table to his right and hurling it across the room. Just as it reached the midpoint of its flight, the living room door opened and in came his brother.
Sherlock groaned and closed his eyes as realization struck. Of course! "Remember what you always forget." He whirled back toward his chair, snatched up the laptop, and typed in 4-7-3-4. G-R-E-G. The computer opened itself to him like a morning glory to the dawn.
The first few seconds were devoted to credits. Apparently this video, whatever it was, was no amateur production. The two actors were apparently named Kent and Chandler. The title card popped up: Drenching Kent in Cum.
“And a good evening to you, too,” came Greg’s sardonic voice. “Where’ve you been? I’ve been calling you and John for ages. We’ve got a good one.”
I cried for John and I, for how bitterly we had hurt each other over the years, and for all of our misunderstandings and missed opportunities.
Sherlock froze in disbelief for a moment as the display switched from login to desktop. He had been staring at that damned login screen for so long that it took him a moment to process that it had actually changed. Right.
“Oi!” John barked at Sherlock, then rose to shake Shankley’s hand. “Pleased to meet you.” He nodded in Sherlock’s direction. “Don’t mind him, he’s got no filter. But he...does have a point.” He looked Shankley up and down. “No offence, mate, but you barely look old enough to drive, let alone be a copper.”
“Really, for a man whose entire job revolves around the ability to observe, you lack even the most basic suitability. You missed absolutely
John’s next suggestion was both unequivocal and anatomically impossible and was followed in short order by the near-simultaneous slamming of the living room and bedroom doors, hard enough to rattle the newel post under Mrs. Hudson’s hand. “Oh, dear,” she said, bringing a hand to her cheek. Heaven knew her boys tried each other’s patience on a regular basis, but they’d never had a blow-up like this.
...that way? Hope scrabbled like a wild thing in Sherlock’s chest, and he quashed it ruthlessly. No, before he could believe, he needed evidence. Data. Facts. He thought about John’s shenanigans over these past few months, and how they had been steadily escalating. John had clearly been trying to rattle him—an endeavour that had proved a resounding success, Sherlock was forced to admit—but now something was nagging at him, something about the toys themselves.
—until John had thrown his head back while climaxing and his headphones had fallen off, and Sherlock could hear the audio from the porn video John had been watching.
Sherlock blinked rapidly as he processed this new data, then shook himself out of it. “My brother will be delighted,” he concluded.
Sherlock thought back to the previous night, replaying events as they had occurred. As far as he could determine, John had remained unaware of Sherlock’s presence in his room, but
John’s text alert sounded again and was ignored, because just then Sherlock was leaning forward and whispering into his ear,
"Bit excitable, wasn't she?" Sherlock commented, turning to watch the car's taillights disappear into the distance. "And sorely in need of a thesaurus." He turned back to find John levelling a furious glare at him. “John...” Sherlock began, taking in John’s clenched fists and the way his lips had tightened over his teeth.
“I’m...” Sherlock looked back towards the living room, where John had given up scowling and stalking about in favour of unhooking his jumper from one of the bison skull’s horns. “...in the middle of something. Something far more interesting and important than your stupid case,” he spat. “Work it out yourselves for once!”
The second reason for the delay was Fergus Shankley. This little Scottish bastard muscled his way into my fic and demanded to go on an adventure with Sherlock and John. This fic isn't about you, I said. Don't care, he said. It's a fic about wanking, I said. I wank, he said. Didn't need to know that, I said. Still don't care, he said. He sat down and refused to leave until I wrote him in. We argued for a while, but we all know how arguing with a little Scottish bastard usually turns out. So: everyone, meet Fergus Shankley.
“Maniac,” John muttered as he unlocked the front door. Sherlock followed him through and shut the door behind them. “Lucky we didn’t get ourselves ki—
Greg entered, nodding to Sherlock and Mycroft in turn. He gestured back toward the stairs and addressed Sherlock. “Are you aware that the Incredible Hulk seems to have lost his dick on your landing?”
She led them back to the car and they got in, but instead of starting the engine, Cath knelt on her seat, leaned over the centre console, and captured John’s lips in a searing kiss. He groaned as her hand moved southward, groping him through his trousers. He craned his neck to check for spectators. It was dark, they were down the road from the restaurant, and no one was watching. “Oh, God,” he breathed, and gave himself up to the sensation as Cath reached down, making quick work of his belt and zip, and extricated his cock. She bent down and took him in her mouth. “Jesus!” John breathed as she proceeded to demonstrate a truly spectacular oral skill set. It took an embarrassingly short time for things to reach crisis point, and just as John was about to warn her, something stirred in the back seat.
“Talk,” I said, smiling. “To her, or to me. She told me the same thing. Only it’s drugs in my case, of course.”
He rose again and began pacing the room, muttering to himself. He wanted to play his violin, or better yet, smoke a cigarette, but that would mean going back out into the living room and facing John again. He didn’t think he could stand any more of that unsettling gaze, not to mention dealing with John’s displeasure should he elect to smoke. His laptop was in the living room and therefore out of reach; even his mobile was in the pocket of his Belstaff. He groaned and flopped back down onto the bed, huffing and curling up in a ball. Underneath the aggravation, a cold coil of worry was twisting through his gut. Something was going on here. He had no idea what, but he was fairly certain it was nothing good. He groaned and pulled the covers over his head, huddling under them. At length, he fell asleep.
Sherlock sighed and ranged farther afield. He tried John’s more distant relatives, his friends, and even—scraping the bottom of the barrel a bit—his catalogue of former girlfriends.
Sherlock’s phone rang and was ignored, because John’s tongue was busy plundering the inside of Sherlock’s mouth just then.
Over the next couple of weeks, Sherlock made an effort to give John the space he needed to see to his...release, reasoning that if John had given up dating to focus on the Work, then the least Sherlock could do was allow John to indulge undisturbed. So he tried to stay out of John’s way, but sometimes it seemed as though John was going out of his way to make it hard for him. So to speak.
Revolting! And if by some miracle Lestrade was able to not just tolerate but even become enamoured of his insufferable brother, who knew how far it might go? There might be a happy announcement by the end of the week. Sherlock could end up with a brother-in-law named...Gavin? George? Geronimo? No, none of those were right. What was his name, again? John was always after him to remember it. Greg! Greg, that was it.
“Ah, Lestrade,” Sherlock said, catching sight of Greg as he breezed into the fully staffed squad room. Apparently it was all hands on deck tonight despite the closure of the Lester case earlier that day. He nodded at Fergus Shankley, who raised his Costa coffee cup in salute, and resolutely ignored Anderson’s loud groan at the sight of him. Sherlock addressed Greg. “You’re looking more rested. Change of clothes, too. Awfully considerate of the Chief Super to order you home for a midday kip. Now, show me the photos.”
“Oh, I don’t think you’ll want to miss this one, Sherlock. It’s right down your street—a new serial killer. And if the evidence is anything to go by, there are at least a dozen victims.”
. I just—” The adrenaline crash chose that moment to strike, and all at once he was shaking and shuddering in Sherlock’s arms. The detective muttered a quiet curse, turning away for a moment to lay Rosie gently down on the sofa. Mercifully, she didn’t wake.
” he cried, aware in some dim part of his brain that he had screamed that same name, in that same tone, once before, on the very worst day of his life. He scrambled over to the ledge, dread a leaden weight in his belly.
I cried for Molly, for all the ways I had hurt her, and been forced to hurt her, though she deserved it least of anyone.
Some part of him—the part that sounded an awful lot like his brother, Mycroft—asked why he even cared. Life was so much simpler without sentiment.
Jen beamed. “Great! I’ll leave you two to settle in. Come see me when you’re ready to leave and I’ll give you directions.” She made for the door. “Bubbly’s in the fridge!” she said over her shoulder as she exited.
“Now they’re worse,” I said. “They’re not just about the war, or the fall. They’re about Mary and the well and the drugs and Eurus and...all of it.”
I have told him that mind-palace John helped me survive Serbia, and he has told me that after my fall, he saw me in the same way he saw Mary after her death, and that his hallucinations of me were the only thing that kept him from killing himself.
“Sure, yeah. Ta. I put everything on a tray for us. Here you are.” John handed over the tray of dishes and utensils, and Louise took it all into the next room. He took down a couple of wine glasses and had just fished the corkscrew out of the depths of the cutlery drawer when Louise unleashed a window-rattling scream. The corkscrew fell forgotten to the worktop as John bolted in to see what was wrong.
John shakes his head, smiling, then moves to the kitchen to settle Rosie in her chair, and we begin our day. Both of us are pallid, sleep-deprived, emotionally exhausted and doubtless in no condition to be caring for a toddler, but we will get through it in the only way that works for us, now: together.
John bent over his chair, rummaging around the seat cushion in search of the device. “Ah, got it!” he said, straightening up. He bounced the device in his palm. “Best get this on the charger.” As he turned to find his charging cable, the sheet snagged on his chair cushion and pulled away, giving Sherlock a sudden eyeful of John Watson’s (frankly breathtaking) penis. He gave a yelp. The flask had bounced off his big toe and rolled some distance away.
“Which you conveyed quite effectively,” Mycroft acknowledged with a small smile. “What exactly did you say to her to make her reverse course so quickly?”
Greg’s cheeks pinked up a bit, but he gave as good as he got, biting his lip as he let his gaze rove over those areas of exposed skin, eventually stopping at Mycroft’s mouth. Greg licked his lips, and Mycroft’s breath hitched. “Hot,” Greg said with a hitched eyebrow, also not in reference to the tea. At that, it was Mycroft’s turn to blush. He cleared his throat nervously and took another sip of tea to hide his discomfiture.
John’s eyes were very bright in the dim light of the desk lamp. “You and me...we’ve been through a whole heap together,” he said, quirking a sheepish smile at me. I returned it, recognizing the quote.
The cabbie chortled and started the meter, then shifted the car into gear. “Oh, you have come to the right place! Buckle up, gents!” he shouted, and peeled rubber away from the kerb.
Sherlock hissed under his breath, fisting his hands at his temples. This was getting ridiculous. Clearly John had awoken with morning wood and decided to take care of it in the shower, as he was perfectly entitled to do. It wasn’t as though he was waving his dick in Sherlock’s face or something. Although if he were, Sherlock might not object—
Rosie stirred against Sherlock’s chest, opened her eyes, and smiled up at John. “Dada,” she said drowsily before nuzzling Sherlock’s chest with one cheek and dropping softly into sleep. John bent down and kissed her head, wrapping his arms around the two of them again. He felt Sherlock’s free hand come up to caress his back.
Sherlock knew no such thing. John was forever bleating on about tidying up, body parts in the fridge, and tedious undertakings like eating and sleeping. He did little else but repeat himself. Still, John’s stare at this moment was unnerving, and Sherlock leaned over, wordlessly grabbing John’s mobile and pressing it into his hand with somewhat more force than was strictly necessary. “Careful!” John growled, staring up at him. He pocketed the device without so much as a glance at it, and went back to staring at nothing.
“I see you’ve been giving credence to my brother’s tall tales again,” Mycroft said tolerantly, and loaded up his fork with another bite of biryani. “He tends to exaggerate my influence. But let us say the chef was open to...persuasion.”
He looks down and to the side. "Mary," he says, though it takes him a fraction of a second too long to answer. I doubt he is aware that his fists are clenching at his sides. He's not being honest, not entirely, but I let it go. I have learned to let him speak in his own time. Instead, I smile at him and he smiles back, though his tension eases not a whit.
John is standing with his back to me and I can see his shoulders hitching. I put a hand to his back and at my touch, his right leg gives out. I catch him and lower us both to our knees on the living room floor, turning him about to face me. There is a sheen of perspiration on his face and his eyes are wild. “Can’t breathe,” he gasps.
“For the love of Christ!” he says, and pulls away, rising to his feet, pacing the room, gesticulating in his agitation. His voice rises, but at least there is colour in his face again. “Why the hell can’t you see you’d be better off without me? All I do is hurt you!”
“Cleared out for the weekend,” Sherlock said, shoving John’s jacket off and divesting him of his jumper for the second time that night as they shuffled toward the foot of the stairs. “Texted her from NSY.”
"Yes, you're capable of great violence," I continue. "I've known that about you from the first day. But John, you are also a fierce protector of those you love. And more than that...you're what I need. Without you, I end up with a needle in my arm,” I say simply, and it is nothing less than the truth. I look away for a moment, then back again. "I'm not being dramatic, John, for once in my life. This is a simple statement of fact. You said it yourself: patterns don't lie."
“No hard feelings. Should have been expecting it, really,” Sherlock answered as he straightened his Belstaff. He rubbed at the spot on his jaw where Shankley had landed a solid punch. He glanced over at John, who was observing all this with his arms crossed. “Short Scotsmen—stumpy canisters of compressed rage, every one of them.”
It took several hours for Sherlock to make it back to 221B. As predicted, finding another mode of transportation from that godforsaken hamlet had proved challenging. He entered the flat to find John sitting in his armchair with his fingers steepled under his nose, staring straight ahead. “I said, pass me my phone.”
“Now,” Sherlock said sharply, turning toward Greg. “If this farce is over, I have much more important matters to attend to. Come along, John!” He grabbed John by the arm and began towing him toward the exit.
Sherlock twisted around, startled, but there was no one behind him. Of course—the earpiece. He had forgotten all about it.
But John’s hand on his wrist was warm and strong, and it stopped him in his tracks. John’s gaze was pleading. “Sherlock,” he murmured. “Sit down and listen to me. Please.”
The toilet flushed and Louise emerged, pale, trembling, and still bug-eyed. John opened his mouth to offer an apology or explanation but was forestalled by a head shake and upraised hand. Louise did not want to hear it. She sidestepped his outstretched arm and snatched her handbag off the chair near the door before fleeing down the stairs without a word. Only once the outside door slammed shut in her wake did John realize she had left her jacket behind. He grabbed it and chased after her, shouting an apology to an alarmed Mrs. Hudson as he sprinted by. “Louise!” he yelled as he got outside, but there was no sign of her in the street. He jogged to the next corner, to no avail. Eventually he gave it up as a bad job and returned, dejected, to 221B.
He took another (very calm, very measured) breath and opened John’s browser history. John, it seemed, had been watching quite a lot of gay porn in recent months, but none so often as the video Sherlock had just watched, whose page John had visited no fewer than 47 times in the past ten weeks. Last night had clearly not been the first time John had got off to this particular piece of pornography. And that, more than anything else, was the clearest evidence yet not only of John’s bisexuality in general, but of his attraction to Sherlock in particular.
, and when to break the news to Sherlock. That would explain his lack of reaction to the date interruption incident. He wasn’t getting angry because he had decided there was no point. There would be no need to issue an ultimatum or threaten dire consequences if he wasn’t going to be around to be irritated anymore, would there? No doubt about it: John was going to leave.
“Easy, there,” said John, stepping forward and reaching out to steady him. Sherlock grabbed a fistful of John’s shirt and hung on like a hermit crab.
,” Sherlock retorted, shaking his head. “Baker Street,” he confirmed to the cabbie, and followed John into the car. As he sat down, he noticed the McLaren lanyard around the cabbie’s neck. “And there’s an extra fifty quid in it for you if you can make it in less than ten minutes,” he added.
Sherlock’s lips had disappeared again as he turned his head to look out the window, attempting to be inconspicuous as he reached down and repositioned himself to ease some of the pressure. Again, John found that he couldn’t look away.
“John!” Sherlock exclaimed. He looked about him, getting his bearings. The light in the room had changed, and a fire was burning in the hearth. He and mind-palace John really
He settled back in his seat, turning his head away and thinking. It was quite obvious that something more than feeling unwell was at work here, but what? Between the time of the attempted stabbing and Sherlock’s apprehension of Mulroney, something had happened to upset John, to put that haunted look in his eyes—this was something more than just a virus.
“Oh, right,” John said blandly. “Forgot I left that there. Sorry. I’ll take it back upstairs.” John extended a hand, clearly expecting Sherlock to pick the thing up and hand it to him, but Sherlock eyed the Fleshlight as though it might grow fangs and pounce. He stepped aside to allow John to reach for it himself.
That was too much for Greg, who just managed to get the door shut before losing his composure. He tried his best to keep quiet, mindful of Mycroft’s telephone conversation, but his mirth would not be contained. He got himself down the lone step to the pavement and stopped there, howling with laughter. Mycroft’s lips twitched as he watched Greg’s paroxysm play out, and he ended his call with a word of apology to the caller. At length Greg sobered, sagging weakly against the iron railing, the file folder trailing from one nerveless hand. “Sorry,” he managed finally, wiping at his eyes. “Sorry about that. It’s just...oh...that is just about the last thing I could ever have imagined Mrs. Hudson saying. Probably wasn’t actually that funny, now I think of it, but...I may just be a tad overtired.”
“Of course,” he breathed. “Why would there be only one bulb for this entire cellar?” He approached, staring up at the light, and put a hand up to feel around the edges of the light fixture. “Maybe because—yes! That burst of static we heard, John. What if it wasn’t static at all?” he grinned. “What if it was
“John, for what it’s worth...I’m sorry about earlier. I really never do respond when she texts me. It was just bad timing.”
“And it’s completely empty,” John mused as he played his torch around the cellar. “Nothing stored here. No boxes or bins, no discarded furniture, barely a speck of dust. And not even a hint of damp.”
Greg drew breath to apologize again, but Mycroft moved to stand in front of him. “Don’t apologize, Detective Inspector,” he said, wordlessly offering his pocket square. “That was...quite delightful, actually.”
alarm you after all.” His smirk expanded into a grin at the wordless howl of rage this produced. He leaned against the door jamb, crossing his arms and tilting his head. “Really, though, why should you care?”
Sherlock very nearly manhandled John out of the building. He was vibrating again as he stood on the pavement, imperiously raising a hand to hail a cab. The cabbie spotted him, indicated, and began pulling over, and Sherlock paced impatiently as he waited. He stilled abruptly, though, as he felt John’s hand snake into his. He looked down at his companion in astonishment. “Is this something we do now?” he asked, raising their joined hands. “Hold hands in public?”
“I do have that reputation,” Sherlock gasped, kicking his own shoes down the stairs and going to work on John’s belt. John helped him out by unbuttoning his own shirt, allowing Sherlock to push it off him and toss it aside. He pulled off his vest and shot it off somewhere over his shoulder.
John giggled despite himself, then sobered. “I nearly died, Sherlock. Some lorry driver had a heart attack and lost control and hit a woman and she
“You staring at my crotch is also not helping,” Sherlock muttered under his breath, still gazing out the window.
"And for a doctor, you make a rubbish patient," Sherlock countered. He smiled again and John squeezed his hand. He would have to act on these feelings soon, but not now. Not yet. Not when he was still ill and they were both knackered and aching and had just been put through an emotional wringer.
boss. I’m going in,” he said, and opened the door. The space beyond was in pitch blackness, and before either man could react, a diminutive figure shot out from beside the door and tackled Sherlock to the floor. Bright muttered a curse and shoved past John to try to separate the two men writhing and kicking on the floor.
"I know...know you do," said John. He struggled to keep his eyes open. "Always...known that..." his voice trailed off and he went limp in Sherlock's arms.
“Entirely,” Sherlock said. He showed Greg his phone. “These are 1:6 scale figures designed to be fully poseable and extremely lifelike. They’re primarily used by artists and animators. In most of the ‘crime scene’ photos, an actual person’s face has been photoshopped onto the figures. Which, by the way,” he said, turning pointedly in Anderson’s direction, “are made in Taiwan. The wounds were photoshopped in from actual murder scene photos, if I’m not mistaken.” He swiped through to a different photo, showing it to Greg and John. “The Nielsen case, among others.”
He has told me what he really wanted to say at my grave, and I have told him what I really wanted to say on the tarmac.
John shook his head, still laughing, then sobered but couldn’t suppress his grin. “This. Us. It’s ridiculous. I mean, what the bloody hell is my life? Here I am, half convinced I’m about to die in the back of a London cab with a lunatic at the wheel, and I’ve got the most gorgeous bloody madman on earth by my side. It’s mental!”
Greg drained the last of his tea, holding out his hand for Mycroft’s similarly empty mug. He rose to place them on his desk, then returned to the sofa, settling in beside his companion. “But, if you really want to know...I told Irene Adler I would rather shit in my hands and clap than have anything to do with her.”
“So?” Sherlock asked. “Two fewer pieces of crawling slime for you to exterminate. I’d call that a public service.”
, Sherlock thought, pressing a hand to his own crotch and feeling his cock throb in response. He moved his hand just a bit and nearly came on the spot. Oh, bugger. This was not good. He had the presence of mind to snatch the earpiece out of his ear and chuck it in the general direction of the sofa before fleeing to his room. There he shoved his trousers and pants down, fell to his knees, and stroked himself to a shattering climax right there on his bedroom floor. “Oh, God,” he groaned. “Shit.” He knelt there, panting, for some time as he waited for sensation to return to his lower extremities. Everything from the waist down had gone all watery. Once he felt steady enough, he reached over and picked up an old t-shirt to wipe the mess off his hand and clean up the floor. He struggled to his feet and chucked the shirt and his bottoms into his laundry hamper before stumbling back to the bed and face planting onto the mattress.
“It’s a three-cup problem,” John said doggedly, still staring up at him. “Get. Your own.” He raised the first cup to his lips and sipped, finally releasing Sherlock from that disconcerting gaze. It felt very much like being freed from one of those tractor beam things from
“You were great tonight,” John said, smiling softly. “You saved three kids and took down a human trafficking ring. You were brilliant. Amazing.”
Sherlock raised himself up just enough to gaze down into John’s eyes and smiled radiantly. “So do I,” he said. His eyes dipped down to John’s lips, and John raised up to meet him, bringing their mouths together for a passionate kiss. When it was done, Sherlock put his head back down onto John’s shoulder, nuzzling into his neck, and John rubbed his back with slow, regular strokes as they finished catching their breath.
?" I shout back, despite myself, getting to my feet in my turn. “I wouldn't be better off, I'd be lost!”
At length, though, they decided they did have to move, not least because of the congealing mess between them. John put up a hand, tucking an errant curl behind Sherlock’s ear. “I think we should get up off this floor,” John said, “get ourselves cleaned up, and have another go at this shagging business. Maybe slow down a bit, take our time? Because I have to admit, I usually last longer than I did just now. This first go was a bit fast.”
John swallowed. “I’m afraid, Sherlock,” he rasped, as is his way when in the grip of a strong emotion. “I don’t know how to deal with any of this, with any of what we’ve been through. I...I stopped drinking, you know that, yeah?”
“Okay, Eric, I’m going to check you for injuries now.” John began his examination. “Can you tell me the date?”
Unsurprisingly, Sherlock’s period of calm was brief—after all, even necrotic genitalia couldn’t counteract the cumulative effects of sexual frustration coupled with the elation of a serial killer case. By the time they reached the squad room, Sherlock was positively vibrating. In John’s experience, this meant things could go one of two ways: hyper focus, light-speed deductions, and a brilliant solve, or relentless antagonism of everyone within shouting distance...and a brilliant solve. That last was pretty much a given with Sherlock. John bit his lip and hoped for the former eventuality rather than the latter.
It was the date with Cath that was the last straw, the final link in a chain of calamities that culminated in John’s decision to swear off dating for good.
"Yes, Mrs. Hudson," I say, though I am looking at John as I say it. "I think everything is going to be fine now."
Sherlock stood, tucked himself away delicately (even after everything, he was still half hard, and the sight of John's bare chest wasn't helping), and fastened his trousers. “How the bloody hell should I know?” he asked bitterly. “It’s not like I ever respond to her.” Just then his phone rang again, and with a growl, Sherlock stalked into the kitchen to snatch it off the table. He checked the screen. Lestrade. Sherlock accepted the call with a savage swipe of his thumb. “
? Since when did John do experiments? Suddenly that off-balance feeling was back. Lovely. Sherlock growled as he poured the rest of his coffee down the drain and stomped off to dress.
The woman’s baby was still screaming from the push chair, which was lying on its side on the pavement a couple of metres away; a small crowd was gathering around the wailing infant. “Don’t touch the push chair!” John shouted. “Let me through, please.” He moved to the chair and crouched down. The baby was still securely fastened into the seat, apparently unharmed, arms and legs waving as she howled her outrage. The crying and movement were excellent signs, and the baby carrier’s handle was in the correct position, serving as a roll bar to protect her from the impact. John carefully righted the push chair, placing a gentle hand on the infant’s belly and shushing her out of habit. He lifted the blanket that partly covered her, then carefully unfastened the carrier's chest straps and raised her tiny shirt so he could see her abdomen. There was no outward sign of injury, and the abdomen was soft. His gentle palpation didn’t seem to produce any discomfort, and she already seemed to be calming. Frightened rather than hurt, most likely. Just to be sure, he used the torch on his mobile to check her pupils. Equal and reactive. All good. He gently refastened the carrier straps.
“No, no, I just want to be clear on this. You don’t think a sex toy should be in the kitchen because it’s unsanitary?”
The words are no sooner out of my mouth than John's eyes widen in horror and he recoils, scrabbling backward and looking as though he's about to be sick.
I cried for Victor, my first best friend, whom I could barely remember now but whose loss had so devastated me that I rewrote the first six years of my life in their entirety. Victor, drowning alone in a well because I wasn't clever enough to save him.
The detective made an affronted noise that produced no discernible effect on his companion, who went on sipping serenely, and flounced off to make his own tea. John gave an unseen smirk as he heard the kettle click on.
John, for his part, went about his usual routine, working part-time at the surgery, helping Sherlock on cases, cooking dinner, sharing takeaway, helping Sherlock with his brain work, and smoothing things over when Sherlock inevitably deduced people to tears, fury and the occasional homicidal impulse. And through it all he was his usual self—steady, competent, charming and intimidating by turns—and always, always, he had Sherlock’s back. Sherlock was frankly delighted.
The case, already high-profile by reason of Nicholas Luddington’s involvement, now achieved stratospheric importance. Moe Lester was exposed not only as a paedophile but also a sex trafficker, and the evidence uncovered in this second building would be sufficient to bring down not only Lester himself, but also his entire trafficking ring and several of its clients. It was shaping up to be a huge victory for NSY.
Some days later, Sherlock got his wish. He had risen and showered early that morning. Just as he finished dressing and shut off the light in his room, John came downstairs for his morning shower. Seemingly unaware that Sherlock was up and could see him through the glass door to the bathroom, John flicked on the light, stripped out of his bathrobe, and hung it on the back of the door. He turned toward the shower, and that was when Sherlock saw it: John’s cock, hard and flushed and fully erect. As Sherlock watched, John reached down, giving himself a preparatory tug as he moved toward the bathtub, and Sherlock couldn’t help gasping at the sight. He stood rooted to the spot, feeling himself flush all the way to his hairline.
Greg took a second bite of his incredible samosa and decided these were his new addiction. “Sounds ominous.”
At that, Sherlock’s eyes snapped up to his, gaze raking over him. “Why are you here, Mycroft? Getting a little cardio to work off the six pounds you’ve put on since I saw you last? I’m afraid one flight of stairs won’t cut it, brother dear. And the three—no, four—biscuits Mrs. Hudson fed you with your tea won’t help either.”
“Pass me. My phone,” John said, finally fixing him with a glacial stare. “You know I hate repeating myself.”
“Yeah,” he says, nodding. “Right. Okay.” He looks up at me, then, and I can see the sorrow in his eyes. The remorse there, and the promise. “I am so sorry, Sherlock. So bloody sorry, you can't even—” he breaks off then and clears his throat, staring at the floor and blinking hard. It is a moment before he can continue. He breathes in and looks back at me, lets me see the truth in his eyes. Tears fill them as I watch. “I swear to you, Sherlock, I swear to you I will never touch you in anger again. Never again.” He wipes his eyes with the heel of one hand, sniffing, then nods to himself as though reaching a decision. “In fact, I’m going to make sure of it.”
Sherlock considered the next of John’s toys: the infamous dildo. What would John need with a dildo if he were straight? They were designed for insertion, after all. Of course, plenty of straight men enjoyed prostate stimulation, certainly, but surely there were other toys far better designed for the purpose, if that was what John was after. Possible second point in favour of bisexuality, but again, tenuous. More data needed.
” and Sherlock was across the room and up the stairs before the echo died. He burst into John’s room to find his flatmate still thrashing about in bed, gasping for breath, eyes open but unseeing. “Sherlock!” he cried again. Not just a nightmare, then. John wasn’t awake. There was silence for a moment, and then John's next words stole the breath from Sherlock's lungs. "I'm a doctor. Let me come through. Let me come through, please," he said brokenly. He moved, restless, struggling against unseen hands.
Greg gave a long-suffering sigh. “Not that it’s anyone’s business,” he said with a pointed glare at Sherlock, “but no, not gay. Bisexual. We do exist,” he told the room at large.
say next. I closed my eyes. “I’m so tired,” I breathed. Where had that come from? And yet it was the truth. I felt something give way, then, as though that simple utterance had been the last barrier standing against a raging torrent, and all at once I was powerless before the surge. I felt myself begin to shake and could not stop it. I pulled my hands from John’s grasp, pressing my palms to my eyes as though trying to hold something back, but there was no stopping this. I could as soon hold back a tsunami with my bare hands, or an avalanche. It was inexorable. I could feel my breath rasping in my throat as the swell took me under.
“So, tell me, Detect—” Mycroft cut himself off and held up a hand as Greg opened his mouth to protest. “Sorry—force of habit. I mean, Greg. I...have a question, if I may.”
"Until I can call someone. The agreement was 20 minutes until I could call for help or until your sight returned. It has now been 16 minutes and 46 seconds and you still can't see."
Mycroft smiled. “I would be delighted, Greg, thank you.” Greg smiled in return and handed him a plate and fork of his own.
By this time the ambulance carrying Eric had raced away and the baby had been taken into the care of the police until her remaining family could be contacted. She was too young to be aware of her mother’s body being zipped into a black bag and loaded into the back of a coroner’s van.
“Glad you like it,” Jen smiled as she set a bag on the bed. “Listen, there’s this French restaurant two villages over. Little place, middle of nowhere, looks like nothing much from the outside, but their chef is a sodding genius. It’s so mobbed that you can’t get near the place most nights. The waiting list for reservations is almost two months long. But...we make standing reservations there every few weeks for our guests. You two could have tonight’s slot if you’d like? It’s at half 7.”
Sherlock pressed a hand to his groin, closing his eyes and surrendering to the memory. He replayed the scene in John’s room last night, picturing himself bursting into the room, seeing again the way John’s cock had jutted up as he stroked it, heard the wet sounds as his slicked-up fist pumped it from root to tip until—
Sherlock shot him an apologetic look before answering Greg’s question. “Could be anyone,” he said. “Don’t really care. Now, if you’ll excuse us—” He made for the door again, John in tow.
John’s phone rang again and was ignored, because John was stroking Sherlock’s cock and Sherlock was breathing a low litany of
“All? The incident with the sheet, the morning stiffy through the bathroom door, all of that? Going that far back?”
in the fridge, Sherlock! More than once! And eyeballs in the microwave and thumbs in the salad drawer and an entire fungus
"Mmm. Sass circuits are back online, I see," said Sherlock. The tremor in his voice belied his light tone. "I'll take that as a good sign."
“Well,” came a woman’s languid voice. “I’ve had some memorable receptions in my time, but this one takes the cake.”
Hmm. So John had changed his PIN, apparently, in a pathetic attempt to keep Sherlock out. He scoffed. Not an issue. John’s PINs were always ridiculously easy to deduce. Sherlock didn’t know why John even bothered.
"Is everything all right with you boys?" she asks, coming into the room. "I've been so worried about the both of you, with everything you've been through... Are you sure you're okay?"
“What wouldn’t?” John asked. He was stood just beneath the bare ceiling bulb, and Sherlock turned to squint at him. He cocked his head, gaze drawn to the light just above John’s head.
or jump out of our skins, when the ghosts crowd close around us in the dark and the nightmares drive us from our beds, John and I seek each other out, and we talk.
“Uh, Sherlock—” John started with some alarm, but Sherlock held up a hand and leaned in until he was positively looming. Anderson instinctively leaned as far back as he could.
Sherlock was about to retort when a cab pulled up in front of the restaurant, disgorging an older couple who paid their fare and entered the eatery.
Sherlock returned some minutes later with his cuppa, still looking aggrieved, and settled into his chair. John worked his way steadily through his three cups of tea and went back to staring through Sherlock, who did his best to ignore the eerie gaze and get on with his work. He made one or two abortive attempts at conversation, only to be shushed with a peremptory, “Thinking!”
Sherlock gave an audible sigh of relief. They huddled there together on the floor for some time, John with his eyes closed and Sherlock unaware that he was rocking him in his arms until John said, "That feels nice." Sherlock tightened his arms around him and went on rocking.
that you failed to grasp? Do you need a visual aid?” He thrust his head forward, awaiting her answer.
“No, I’m not taking the piss! I was barely awake, just wanted some coffee, and instead I found myself staring at a—a—”
“‘Us?’” Irene asked archly, smirking at the sight of John stood at Sherlock’s side, now positively off-gassing hostility. “Oh, I see,” she smirked. “Finally! Took you boys long enough.” She lowered her gaze to Sherlock’s phone, tapping away for a few seconds before handing it back. “There you are.”
“This smells fantastic,” Greg said, holding his plate up to inhale the heavenly aromas. “I’m ravenous. I know we can’t have a proper dinner, but...maybe you’d like to join me in my office?”
“Positively puerile,” Shankley agreed. “I feel there can be only one appropriate response to such an infantile remark.”
, I think, as Rosie babbles at me from her chair and I scrounge around in search of her cereal while John gets out the milk,
John’s erection died an instant death. “Oh, God, not again,” he groaned, covering his eyes with one hand. Cath sat up like a shot, head whipping around to stare at the lanky, dark-haired man uncurling himself from the back seat. “What the hell?” she screeched as she wiped her chin. “Who are you?” Then John’s words registered and she swivelled back to stare at him. “And what do you mean,
“Baker Street. Had a delivery to make, next street over. Won’t get there now, will it?” He grunted as John prodded a sensitive spot.
He saw Sherlock’s eyes widen momentarily as he clocked the naked want in John’s eyes. He waited for Sherlock’s nod of assent (because none of what he hoped was about to occur between them was going to happen without Sherlock’s consent), then rose from his seat and went to stand before the detective. Sherlock gazed up at him, expression wary but with just a glint of hope shining through. Ever so slowly, John reached out a hand (stone steady though his heart was pounding, now that the moment was here) and caressed the single curl twisting down over Sherlock’s forehead. He coiled the silken strand around his finger, pulling it gently taut before letting it spring back into its natural corkscrew.
John sighed and complied, knowing there was no point in arguing. Sherlock followed suit without a word. Cath roared off in a cloud of dust, leaving the two men staring at each other by the side of the road.
, and I didn’t. I didn’t, because ten seconds earlier I remembered that we needed milk and biscuits and turned back the way I’d just come. I
Greg chuckled, then gave him a long, contemplative look. “Yes, I’m beginning to see that. There are facets to you I never suspected. You are an enigma, Mycroft Holmes. One I think I’m going to enjoy unraveling.” Mycroft’s breath caught at the heated look Greg was giving him.
an unexpected delight? “All right, then,” Sherlock said, and stopped trying to move. “Let me know when it gets to be too much.”
Anyway, all that to say, here's a new chapter, finally! And just in time for BBC Sherlock's tenth anniversary. Hard to believe it's been ten years! Here's to the next ten.
“A tattoo,” Sherlock hummed, almost under his breath. “Anderson, you have done a truly remarkable job this time.”
“John, please, just move away a bit,” Sherlock whispered. “My hands still smell like you, and your voice in my ear is
John looked him up and down. “Not especially. I think it’s mostly the orange hair? But I’ve always felt an affinity with Bilbo Baggins, myself.”
John leaned forward again. “So tell me, Sherlock. Last night, after you barged in on me in the midst of an epic wank and saw me shooting off all over my own belly—”
“Well,” said John with a weak smile, “scientific wisdom may say otherwise, but I have definitive proof that time travel is indeed possible.” He didn’t need eyesight to sense the bemused look Sherlock was shooting him. Was the fever making John delirious? “Pretty sure I just chundered meals I haven’t even eaten yet.”
Sherlock glanced over at John, who by this point was fully dressed and standing with his arms crossed, waiting to find out where they were going next. Sherlock sighed. “Be there in twenty minutes.” He rang off, then spent a few seconds stabbing viciously at his screen before pocketing his mobile.
“Not a problem,” Greg said. “Back in a tick.” He stood and vanished down the corridor, taking their plates and cutlery with him. By the time he returned a few minutes later, Mycroft had concluded his phone call. He had also divested himself of his suit jacket and loosened his necktie. His shirt was open at the collar and his sleeves rolled up to the elbows. Greg paused for a moment of unabashed admiration at the sight of so much exposed skin. “Work day over, then?” he asked, smiling. Mycroft nodded, smiling back shyly. Greg held up one of the two steaming mugs he was carrying. “It’s milk, no sugar, right?” Greg asked.
By this time, Lestrade had arrived. He greeted Shankley with relief, ascertained that he was unharmed, and began searching for the light switch. A few seconds later, a set of fluorescent tubes flickered to life. “Oh, my God!” Greg exclaimed as the light revealed a long row of ratty mattresses along the far wall. Three of the beds were occupied by young people—two boys and a girl—each of them shackled to the wall with a length of chain. The captives blinked and squinted in the sudden light. Lestrade couldn’t suppress a sigh of relief as he recognized one of them as Nicholas Luddington, the government minister’s son, alive and apparently unharmed.
Sherlock began by checking the dimensions of the building against the size of its rooms, but there was no unused space. All walls and floors were checked for secret panels and passages, but nothing was found. The walls and floor of the unfinished cellar were solid concrete, with the floor sloping gently down to a large rectangular drain in its centre. Shankley had vanished as thoroughly as if he’d been a figment of their collective imagination.
Sherlock looked down at himself. He had forgotten all about being half-naked. He shook his head. “Right, of course. Be right back.” He vanished into his room, emerging a minute later wearing a fresh shirt and shrugging into his suit jacket. He stopped short at the sound of John’s giggle. “What?”
. Hairy knuckles and meaty fingers on one, delicate wrist and fetching lavender nail varnish on the other, so one male, one female, clearly. Nicotine stains—the man was a smoker. Writing callus on the middle finger—the woman was left-handed. Another voice in his head, Mrs. Hudson’s this time, interrupted with, “Well, that wasn’t very good, was it?” No. No, it wasn’t. John wondered fleetingly if matters might have been improved had the hands been a matched set. Probably not, he decided, and fought down an entirely inappropriate urge to giggle. He cast about for something acceptable to say and settled on a misguided attempt to lighten the situation: “Ah...guess we’ll be needing extra soy sauce, then.”
why when the boss says wait, we wait!” he snarled at Sherlock, who rolled his eyes and got to his feet before leaning down to help Shankley up.
The two men advanced down the corridor, playing their torches over the walls and ceiling as they went. “We’re not under Lester’s building anymore,” Sherlock said as he inspected the tunnel. “This leads to the building immediately behind it, on the next street. So Lester's den is just a front, a distraction to keep the authorities busy. Meanwhile, Lester conducts his real business from the building just behind, which the police aren't watching. Clever.” The passage was about 30 metres in length, ending at a steel door—locked, of course. Sherlock fished his set of lock picks out of his Belstaff. “Shine the torch over here, and try to block their view. I’m not supposed to have these, either,” he said, nodding toward the constables who were making their way towards them down the hall. Behind them, they heard the cage begin another laborious trip upward, this time to fetch Lestrade. They shared a grin, and Sherlock went to work on the lock. “Got it!” he said a few seconds later. He grasped the doorknob. “Ready?” he asked.
“Don’t,” he says, and the word comes out a near gasp. I stop. He shoves the press onto the worktop and stumbles from the room.
. No, caring was distinctly not an advantage. Not when you ended up wounding those you cared about. Life was easier, cleaner, less confusing and painful when sentiment was not allowed to factor in. But sentiment, it seemed, had a mind of its own, at least where John Watson was concerned. How was it possible to care deeply about someone, to want nothing but the best for them, to do everything in one’s power to safeguard their life and happiness, yet still wound them as deeply as he had wounded John? Did intention count for nothing?
John was startled into a laugh, then, one full of such pure love and elation that Sherlock immediately enshrined the sound in the warmest, sunniest room of his mind palace—the room that held all his best memories of John. “You cheeky bugger!”
Greg nodded to one of the constables, who stepped aside and allowed Sherlock and John back into the building, Greg on their tails. They made their way to the cellar stairs, descending with care into the dim space. Sherlock pulled the cord for the light and the single bare bulb on the ceiling flared to life. He stepped out into the centre of the space, turning slowly about. The farthest corners of the cellar remained in deep shadow. Sherlock pulled a torch from his pocket and began playing it slowly over the walls and floors, checking every inch.
. He had to see them, see his daughter, his—he had to see Sherlock. He turned and bolted in the direction of 221B.
The roof of the adjoining building, where Sherlock stood, was a storey lower than the one where John was, accounting for Sherlock’s disappearance from view. John made out the sprawled form of Mulroney, flat on his back, arms splayed, blood on his face. And there was Sherlock, turned back toward John now, breathing hard and looking up at him. Some part of him knew that he should be getting down there with Sherlock, standing over Mulroney at least, to make sure he didn’t regain consciousness and try any more shenanigans. But another part of him was hearing a distant echo of his own voice.
About a hundred paces in the direction of 221B from the Baker Street tube station entrance, there was an American coin embedded in the pavement. A dime, to be exact. How it had come to be there and why it had never been removed or paved over was unclear. Yet there it sat, winking up from its dip in the pavement, too deep to be dug out but not so deep as to obscure its exotic identity. John made a point of pausing every time he passed the spot, just to check that it was still there and wonder, as ever, what its story was.
Sherlock’s search for a solution to the John conundrum took a back seat for the next while, as Lestrade called them in to help with the Morris Lester case. They found Lestrade in his office, pastry in one hand and coffee cup in the other. “Hello, gents,” he greeted them cheerily. “Have a seat.”
He laughed again at the absurdity of it all, at the arbitrary way that life and death were meted out.
He stepped back over to John and gathered his blogger up, steadying him against the shaking. John held onto him until the tempest passed. “Sorry,” he mumbled.
“Hey—hey—Sherlock—” I heard John say, but there was a roaring in my ears and the world was whiting out at the edges, and anything else he may have said was lost to me. I was dimly aware of his hands on me, and then somehow we were on the sofa together as though teleported there, and I was sobbing raggedly in John’s arms. And he was holding me tightly, so tightly that it should have hurt but didn’t. Somehow he knew just what I needed, and this was it. He was murmuring in my ear, words I couldn’t understand, but his voice was soothing and his touch grounded me, anchoring me as years of sorrow and heartbreak and regret poured out of me.
A few minutes later, Greg and Mycroft were sat on either side of Greg’s desk, digging into generous helpings of sag paneer and biryani. Greg bit into a samosa so perfectly crispy and flaky that it seemed to melt in his mouth. He closed his eyes in ecstasy as the perfect blend of seasonings permeated his taste buds. “Dear God,” he said. “This food is a religious experience. Where’s it from?”
Irene stepped away from Greg and Mycroft, nodded a goodbye to Sherlock and John, and exited with head held high. She gave Shankley a sly wink on her way to the lift. John’s shoulders dropped two inches as soon as she left the room.
. Where was John’s laptop? He scrambled into the living room, twisting wildly about as he scanned the room for the computer. It was nowhere to be found. Of course not—John had had it upstairs last night. Sherlock took the stairs three at a time, skidding to a stop in front of John’s door, and erupted into the room. His eyes went first to the desk. There was no laptop on it, but the virulent green dildo sat proudly front and centre, as though mocking him. Dresser next, but same result (minus the dildo). Floor around the bed, ditto. What had John done with it? Sherlock threw open the wardrobe doors, shoving clothes and sundries aside, but found nothing. He went back to the desk and pulled the drawers open, rifling through the contents, but it wasn’t there, either. Twisting back around, he finally spied a corner of the laptop protruding from beneath the stack of pillows on John’s bed. That was certainly an odd place to put a laptop, but Sherlock dismissed the thought with a shake of his head. He’d puzzle it out later. The important thing was that he had found what he was after.
The ambulance pulled up and two paramedics jumped out, kits in hand. “Step back please, sir,” said one of them to John.
“I felt dizzy, I-I couldn’t see right, and then everything went black—Oh, God, did I hit anyone?” He tried to straighten up to look around, but John placed a restraining hand on his chest.
Mycroft squinted after the duo as they vanished in the direction of the lifts. “Unless I’m much mistaken, Detective Inspector, that was my brother under the influence of the worst case of blue balls ever seen on British soil.”
Sherlock cocked his head in the direction of John’s laptop. “And yet you claimed you ‘don’t want all that.’”
“S’okay,” John said, more to himself than Sherlock, though his grip on the detective did not slacken. “I know you didn’t do it on purpose. Are you really okay?”
The toy business had started with the Fleshlight, followed by the Day-Glo dildo, then the sex torso upstairs on John’s bed. Each bigger and more ludicrous than the last, but yet... No, he was missing something.
Sherlock abruptly snapped out of it, sucking in a breath like a diver surfacing from the depths. He blinked some moisture back into his stinging eyes.
Early one morning, John comes downstairs before Rosie is awake. I am in the kitchen, working on an experiment. I don't ask how he slept; the answer is perfectly obvious. He knows I can see the bags under his eyes, just as I know he has observed the dark shadows under mine. He slept poorly; I, not at all.
Several hours later, Sherlock blinked his way back to wakefulness. He sat up in bed, surprised to find himself still wearing his dress shirt and suit jacket. Well, it certainly wasn’t unheard of for him to fall into bed fully dressed after a long and exhausting case, but John usually saw to it that he at least stripped down to his underwear first. Never had he fallen into bed naked from the waist down, though. Odd. Then the recollection of the previous night’s events came flooding back—the case, the earpiece, the chain-reaction wanking. Sherlock groaned and flopped back down onto his pillows. How was he ever supposed to face John today, having seen what he’d seen last night and done what he’d done afterward?
Mycroft’s smile was smug now. Riling Sherlock up ranked just above cake on the admittedly short list of Mycroft’s joys in life. “No, my concern was for your landlady.”
Lestrade ensured that the kids were freed from their shackles, taken out to the waiting ambulances, and given an initial once-over. They huddled under their shock blankets, sipping tea and blinking in the flashing lights as John and the paramedics checked them over. A few quiet questions from Lestrade and Shankley established that they had been held prisoner but not otherwise molested; they said Lester had been keeping them for a select client willing to pay extra for “undamaged goods.” Once word got out that a peer’s young relative had been rescued from a life of sexual slavery, the brass began coming out of the woodwork. First the Chief of Police, then the mayor of London and eventually the illustrious uncle himself showed up to heap praise and thanks on Lestrade, Shankley, Sherlock, and NSY as a whole. Then the press got wind of it and a media circus ensued. Fortunately the ambulances had departed by that time. Once all the shouting was over, even Mycroft materialized to offer his congratulations along with a lift back to Baker Street. By that time it was so late as to be verging on early, and they accepted gratefully.
“Utterly,” Sherlock agreed, grinning back. Then he sobered, looking over at John uncertainly. “...Gorgeous?” he asked, gaze faltering.
It fetched up just below the ceiling joists, revealing itself to be a three-sided steel mesh cage capped off with the concrete frame for the faux drain. In all, it was about six feet tall and wide enough to hold one person, or perhaps two if they weren’t overlarge and had no concept of personal space.
Plan in place, Mrs. Hudson smiled and returned to her flat. Suddenly the hellish screeching of an abused violin filled the house, and Mrs. Hudson sighed, shaking her head. She took her apron down off its hook. Might as well get started on the baking, since there would be no sleep for anyone tonight—not as long as Sherlock was doing his impression of the losing side in a cat fight. Hopefully Granny’s cake would be up to the challenge.
Determined to get to the bottom of this, he fetched his mobile from the bedroom and returned to the kitchen to Google Fleshlight. He nearly dropped his mug at what came up. He stared at the black cylinder from across the room. That thing was a— and John had used it to— and Sherlock had touched it. Not just touched it, but
And then Sherlock remembered the thing that he had failed to notice at the time, caught up as he was in his own arousal: there hadn’t been just one man’s voice on that video. There had been two.
Below, he stood swaying and panting in the living room doorway as his mind reeled. He reached out to steady himself against the door jamb. The room was far too warm and his skin felt two sizes too small. What was happening to him? Was this a panic attack? He closed his eyes and breathed deeply, trying to calm himself. This was ridiculous. Why was he so worked up about John masturbating? It was something everyone did, for God’s sake. A biological imperative. Perfectly normal. If John wanted to wank in the privacy of his own room, that was his prerogative, wasn’t it? Yes, it was. And if he elected to watch pornography while stroking his generously proportioned member, there was nothing wrong with that, was there? No, there was not. And if said stroking resulted in jet after jet of come spurting out of said member—
Louise’s head swivelled slowly in his direction. She stared for a moment in goggle-eyed disbelief, then abruptly spun around and sprinted back down the hallway, slamming the loo door behind her. This was followed in short order by the unmistakeable sound of cinema popcorn being lost with some violence into the toilet. John groaned and covered his eyes. The hoped-for ending to his night had just gone straight down the shitter—literally.
