So here’s the thing about the ending. In canon, what happens is that during their visit to the inn, Holmes figures out both that the boy is being held there by Wilder and that the Duke of Holdernesse knows this–because he’s at the inn with them. (Holmes finds this out by standing on Watson’s shoulders so he can get a look in the second floor window, a visual I am very sad to have been denied.) He then heads back to Holdernesse Hall for his final confrontation with the Duke, and this is my favorite part of the story, for reasons I explained above. Just look at how he gets past Wilder:
When you’re going through the run of a TV show, you notice–at least I noted this when rewatching
stain: Lucas’s wife kills him because she assumes Lucas is having an affair with Lady Hilda, and indeed it is very unusual for a woman to be alone in the home of a strange man at that time of night, as we will discuss in a minute. And then she discovers that her shenanigans will transfer this scandal to her husband, creating (if you will) a
Marlowe pads the thing out with some Holmes & Watson stuff which is cute enough, but which failed to reach me for reasons I couldn’t at first understand. The scene where Holmes is looking frantically for the clipping on the Worthington bank robbery is pretty good. The opening conversation in the barbershop has its moments. You’d think I’d have grooved more on the closing back-and-forth over Holmes’s violin practicing and the title for the story. And yet I found myself not grooving on it.
Anyway, one of my favorite things about “Priory School” is watching Holmes handle everyone. He handles Huxtable beautifully–he manages to get him to say that it was perfectly OK that Holmes basically searched him while he was unconscious, looking for trinkets to make deductions from–and he’s in top form confronting the Duke of Holdernesse as he tries to get Holmes kicked off the case. I love watching Sherlock Holmes reduce an aristocratic jackass to rubble while pretending to be polite and deferential. I think Brett loved it too; as soon as he hears the Duke is on the grounds, he gets this look on his face:
Let me just say this: when young people talk about “growing old together” they often imagine it as this sort of Edenic scene with the two lovebirds sitting together on a porch, holding hands, rocking gently as the breeze blows through their silver hair. In fact, “growing old together” is not that idyllic; it is an active struggle, it requires courage and resilience, and it involves a LOT of what you see in the sickroom scenes here: seeing each other through pain and illness and injury. So I’m in a position where I can really appreciate this:
So all the way through, this is a great episode in terms of performances. From Brett and Burke first and foremost; but also from the Horners, from the Countess of Morcar, from Mr. Henry Baker, from Peterson, from the landlord at the Alpha, from Breckenridge, even from Ryder’s sister the urban goose-farmer. There’s only one bone I have to pick with it really: what is up with Holmes and that blue carbuncle?
before he’ll help them, whether it’s the King of Bohemia or Leon Sterndale. The Victorians idealized personal honesty–Heroes and Heroines were supposed to Never Tell A Lie–and so for him to accuse Lady Brackenstall of lying to him is a big deal. But, as we’ve already seen, Doyle was well aware of some of the things that people in the upper classes routinely lied about, domestic violence being one of them. Lady Brackenstall’s refusal to come clean doesn’t prevent the canon Holmes from helping her, but it does end his interaction with her; in the canon story, he walks away and never sees her again.
“A Scandal in Bohemia” obviously owes something to “The Purloined Letter”–G’s methods of recovering the letter are very similar to the King of Bohemia’s, and Dupin also hires an accomplice to create a distraction while he’s in the nefarious Minister’s apartment–and so does “The Second Stain,” which contains a miniature version of the “Purloined Letter” scenario (Lucas has obtained a sensitive letter with which he blackmails Lady Hilda) within a larger, higher-stakes replication of it. True to form, however, Doyle has added a romance to it: the real problem here–or at least the object of the real resolution–is the rift that this letter business threatens to open up between Hilda and Trelawney Hope. That brings it closer to
I am not into boys,
Brett and Burke’s teamwork in this episode is outstanding, and that is probably what I’m going to spend most of my time talking about. But there are some very odd things about “The Blue Carbuncle” as a story that this adaptation doesn’t iron out—most of them relating directly to the blue carbuncle itself.
This seems huge to me. It could just as easily have been Holmes drawing that map, and in any other adaptation it would be. The reading of Moriarty as Holmes’s evil twin/shadow self/doppleganger is encouraged so strongly by the canon story that it is continually replicated in adaptation (though
belief in Holmes’s impending, and then apparently actual, death. This approach certainly plays to Brett’s strengths; that scene in 221B after he climbs in through the window just breaks your heart for both him and Watson. His confrontation with Moriarty also showcases Brett’s signature blend of sensitivity and steel; Holmes can get through his performance of stoicism as long as he’s facing his adversary, but when Moriarty turns to go, we see him falter just for a minute, wrapping his gown around him nervously before delivering his parting shot. The production augments this by tingeing everything in the London phase of the episode with gloom, from the dirge-like arrangement of the opening theme to the visiting-card opening credits to the dim light and mist through which Holmes navigates as he dodges Moriarty’s hit men.
Mark Gatiss, Wikipedia tells me, was born in 1966, which makes him 3 years older than I am. He’d have been 18 in 1984 when the Granada series first aired, and 20 when this episode ran. He is obviously a diehard lifelong Holmes fan, and so obviously he watched this series.
Cause that one fucking cell
That is, of course, Sir John Everett Millais’s “Ophelia,” painted in 1851 and well-known to Victorians (and to me, thanks partly to
So you can’t begrudge him a little drama at the end, once he’s figured out what’s really going on–although I do think there is evidence accumulating here to support the theory that Holmes is a bit of a pyromaniac. But here again, this is one of my favorite Brett moments. Holmes, as the director of this ad hoc amateur theatrical company, is so very disappointed by his cast after the first very half-assed shout of fire. “We can do better than that,” he says, stabbing them all to the heart with his disappointment; and they do. And out comes Oldacre, and Lestrade is flabbergasted.
Still, after “Naval Treaty” it’s nice to get back to an episode where the great partnership is in top form and there are many opportunities to enjoy their chemistry. As usual I find the guest stars somewhat underwhelming, and the “unmasking” of Carruthers unbearably cheesy; I’m also disappointed by how limp and helpless Violet is in the marriage scene, but this seems to be at least partly influenced by their obvious desire to reference the Paget illustrations.
And he does. The way he forces the Duke, who is desperately trying to keep the lid on a family scandal, to welcome him into the investigation is a thing of beauty. Unlike in canon, Holmes casually-not-casually drops a reference to Heidegger’s bicycle (Heidegger’s Bicycle…sounds like an indie band) just to let him know: I already know too much about this investigation for you to cut me out of it. He wins; he knows it; the Duke knows it; it’s awesome. I think if I were Watson, watching Holmes lay the smackdown on an aristocrat who thinks he’s All That would be all the foreplay I needed.
Ah well. They can’t all be winners; and this one wasn’t. I move ahead…warily.
I have to say that I found Burke’s performance of Watson’s discovery at the Falls disappointing. Burke’s biggest strength, all the way through, has been his enthusiasm and energy, and the sort of joyous wonder with which he regards Holmes’s triumphs. He and Brett were great banter-mates; and yet there was also always a protective tenderness there ready to come out when it was needed.When it comes to grief and shock, Burke seems to be a bit out of his comfort zone. One recognizes, for instance, the familiar signs of a director’s attempt to camouflage the fact that the actor can’t produce real tears on demand. Which, to be fair, is a fucking hard thing to do.
So my crackpot theory is that paper, for the digital age viewer, is a powerful symbol of what we fear we might be losing during the virtualization of our universe–and much of that involves our own sensory experience. Brett’s Holmes, as the Paper Whisperer, promises to restore to us a fuller engagement with the world of objects and a closer intimacy with what we read. Like Holmes’s decoding work in “The Dancing Men,” or his attempts to reconstruct an entire document from one surviving fragment (“Reigate Squires,” “Three Gables”), or his search for the meaning of a neglected document (“Musgrave Ritual”), Brett’s apparent affinity with paper promises to restore lost meaning to a place and time that no longer even knows how to look for it.
* At her meeting with Holmes and Watson, Holmes gives her what he evidently considers a dangerous assignment, saying he wouldn’t ask her to do this if she weren’t “quite an exceptional woman.”
Speaking of which: though Holmes and Watson are secondary in this story, every scene they have together is a precious gem. Their opening banter in 221B about Watson’s literary efforts, which has been massaged a bit to be more dynamic and dramatic than in the story, is a thing of beauty, as is Brett’s performance of Holmes’s surprising yet not out of character when you think about it insecurity about his talent and his profession. Brett plays Holmes’s bitterness about becoming an agency for the recovery of lost lead-pencils as genuine: whether he’s going through an actual slump or whether he’s just in a funk, he’s starting to crave a kind of validation that Watson’s stories, admiring though they are, don’t provide. Maybe at this moment he wishes he had taken the credit for some of those cases where he let the police have it. The train conversation about evil in the countryside is also a masterpiece; and even in the action sequences it really does your heart good to see them both flinging off their coats and hats as they run up the central staircase.
Anyway, so, that’s all fun and very entertaining, and you have to love the shots of them both out on the moors:
Granted, Doyle seems to have progressively forgotten this history as the saga moves forward; we all know the wound eventually migrates to the leg; Watson’s memories of his service and his feelings about the Army migrate along with it. But as long as we’re in adaptation land anyway, we’re free to take Holmes’s interactions with Major Murphy as a deliberate disruption of Watson’s performance of respect and loyalty to an institution that doesn’t really deserve it. After first snapping at him over his hamhanded treatment of the media and his withholding of the facts, Holmes then maneuvers himself into this beautifully insinuating moment captured in the image above, where–as Murphy insists that Mrs. Barclay would be incapable of murder–Holmes rests his elbow on Murphy’s shoulder, looks at him, and without actually saying words basically tells Murphy, "So you’re in love with her then. Well, isn’t that delicious.” From the image out of context, of course, it looks like Holmes just loves himself a military man, especially one with a luxurious mustache and a full head of hair.
To the extent that this prevents them from replicating Doyle’s fascination with phrenology and giving Beppo the “simian” muzzle that is supposed to indicate his status as a subhuman congenital criminal, I am grateful. (So much Lombroso in ACD canon. SO. MUCH.) Unfortunately this also means we get to watch Lucretia’s brother, Pietro, spend a solid minute screaming at Lucretia about what a whore she is and how she’s dishonoring the family, while smacking her in the head, right before he runs outside to go on a violent spree which ends with him getting into a knife fight with Beppo. All of this dialogue is in Italian, by the way, and none of it’s subtitled–at least not in the digital version I was watching. However, I kind of speak Opera Italian, and that’s really all you need to get the gist–since Italian opera librettos will teach you most of the more common words for “love,” “dishonor,” “vengeance,” “you whore,” and “I’ll kill him.”
Anyway. My point is that ending with that scene on the ice, and Holmes’s final speech, is a fitting conclusion for the series in many ways. It gives Brett the last words, which is only right. It speaks to Brett’s own suffering, which the show has become unable to conceal from the viewer, and our anger with a world in which one person can get through life healthy and happy and another has to struggle every day, a world full of arbitrary distinctions made according to no reason any of us can understand. And it gives us a final moment with the Great Partnership, together again and for always, balanced there on the thin ice separating right and reason from the abyss below. Goodbye, Granada Holmes. I’ll miss you.
So are Holmes’s frequent and increasingly bitter denunciations of Sophia’s own complicity in the murder of her brother. And this, let me just say, is ENTIRELY coming from Marlowe. In the story as written, everyone escapes; but a year or so later, they discover that Latimer and Kemp were found dead in Hungary, and Watson and Holmes assume that Sophia must have stabbed them. So in the story, Sophia may be in love with Latimer, but she DEFINITELY cares that Latimer and Kemp killed her brother, and she bides her time before exacting revenge.
What happens to Lady Frances at the end of this episode is truly awful. The woman who ran herself into all this danger by holding on fiercely to her independence is now apparently so damaged by the chloroform and suffocation that she can no longer speak or walk without assistance. Instead, she’s a dependent, apparently in the sole care of Green–the man she was trying to get away from when she first “disappeared.” Watson is characteristically looking on the bright side, saying there’s “every hope for a full recovery,” but Holmes is not encouraged. He sees this case as a failure, and he’s right. They’ve saved her life; but Lady Frances, *as* Lady Frances, appears to have disappeared forever. And yet, there’s really nothing he could have done. The deck was always stacked against Holmes, and against poor Lady Frances–because she has too much autonomy, and yet at the same time not enough. She’s smart enough and strong enough to resist all the pressure and live her own life; and yet she’s also been made, somewhat arbitrarily, gullible enough to fall for Peters’s act. In most of the earlier stories about male predators, the predator is working without the victim’s knowledge or consent. Here and in “Illustrious Client,” Holmes and Watson can’t respect the victim’s desires, because what the victim desires is her own destruction. Holmes and Watson are pretty good players by now, but you can’t beat the house.
And that’s the problem with the canon story: the solution is telegraphed pretty clearly pretty early (especially for readers who have seen
was afraid to do what it would have taken to tell that story well.
It was always my intention, after finishing the rewatch, to write up a post about why Jeremy Brett was the definitive 20th century Sherlock Holmes. But every time I start such a post, I think, oh what’s the point, it’s all already been said, by myself even, and anyway there’s too much. I’ve formulated a hypothesis, though, which is that if I can explain why Brett’s interaction with paper is so important to my enjoyment of this show, I will probably in the process be demonstrating what it was that made his Sherlock Holmes so unique and indelible. So follow me, friends, while I unfold my crackpot theories about the romance of the material text and how it binds us to the Master Paper-Handler.
So for all its flaws, this episode is genuinely heartbreaking. I’m just going to leave it there for now. I’ll be interested to see how “The Empty House” responds to it…when I’m done crying into my Annotated Sherlock Holmes.
Hawkesworth and the production team find ways of compensating for all this, some of them surprisingly effective even after all this time   Having Watson shout “HOLMES!” into the cataract a few times is a little cheesy, but since I am an old X-Files fan and accustomed to the “SCULLAAAAAAY!!!”, it sort of got me anyway. But the real killer is the final scene in which Watson, back at 221B and surrounded by Holmes’s stuff, turns to the camera for the first time in the series and just tells us, directly, about the heavy heart with which he takes up his pen to record for the final time the singular gifts of Sherlock Holmes. I don’t know why that gets to me, but I’m sort of choking up even as I type this. We all identify with Watson, in our own love and loyalty for an impossible being who seems so real and yet never existed. Watson’s loss is a mirror for the loss we feel every time we’re reminded that Holmes isn’t real, that he never has been real. It’s unexpected, and yet strangely moving, for us to have that one moment of direct connection–as if Watson is reaching out to us for support. You knew him, he seems to be saying. You loved him too. You know what I’m going through.
We will never know. Huxtable’s famous faint on the hearthrug is one of those little directorial touches I was talking about. While Huxtable’s out, we get a little montage of his perceptions of the past few days, as the boys’ choir sings “Libera me” while we see poor little Arthur’s empty room, empty desk and chair, dangling and neglected cleats, and so on. It conveys something we’re not going to get from Huxtable’s dialogue or his interactions with Holmes and Watson, which is that he is genuinely sad about what’s happened and concerned about the boy; in the canon story, he seems mainly concerned for the reputation of the school. It’s a creative way of getting in a little exposition along with some atmosphere, and two thumbs up for that.
“Yeah, I’m gonna enjoy THIS.”
And this takes me back to my original point. Holmes asks if Watson disapproves of the “happiness we have created” for Mary and Jack. “No, not in the least,” he says, earnestly. He’s happy enough to have helped Mary and Jack–because he and Holmes have their own happiness. He and Holmes haven’t been required by all this to give anything up; and the show treats their ‘happiness’–Holmes and Watson in 221b, relaxing by the fire as they discuss ethics and legal philosophy–as the keynote for the episode. Which, again, is a refreshing contrast to what happens in the second half of
And yet, this decision brings the production team smack up against the main problem with adapting “Devil’s Foot:” No stream of actual images can possibly REALLY be as scary what people supposedly experience when they’re on this drug. Doyle wisely avoids giving us the
in which Leporello whips out his black book and goes through his list of all the different women his boss has raped, seduced, and otherwise consumed in his lifetime. Significantly, in that song, Leporello talks about the fact that some of these conquests are about pleasure, but some of them are
return, I could not help think of this adaptation as a really interesting example of how you can center a heterosexual relationship and a female character in a narrative without abjecting the queer characters who share it. Which is a thing that some more modern adapters have abjectly failed to do, naming no Moffats or Gatisses. In “Abbey Grange,” the fact that Holmes winds up playing fairy godmother to a different Mary and a different John (no lie, that is the name that “Jack” is a diminutive of) in no way erodes his own autonomy and dignity, and ultimately both strengthens and complicates his bond with Watson.
Someday I’ll need to know.
Watson and Holmes as Moriarty’s adversarial doubles.
So while Skene un-stupids Watson, Brett works on expanding Holmes’s emotional range–and he’s fantastic at it. His Holmes is crackling with energy all the time, even when he’s not moving. In fact, one of the most delightful things about Brett’s physicality in this role is the way his body goes from zero to sixty at the drop of a hat. I particularly enjoy watching him snap out of his reverie to rush into a feverish tidying of the sitting room before the client shows up. But he’s also always quivering with more subtle energies. I’m not kidding when I tell you that I spent some of this episode thinking about how much I love watching Jeremy Brett handle paper.
"Have you heard from John at all?  How is dear Rosie taking the heat?" she asks, dragging me from images of a kitchen made of fire and hot-rocks.
"Yes, Sherlock.  We can do this at Baker Street" he tells me.  "We can do this wherever you want to do this."
“I could just take you with me, and it’s Greg, you berk.”
“Says the man who just threw the entire deck of cards out of the window. Plus, I didn’t lose so therefore could not have lost ungraciously.”
John blinked his eyes and realised that, yes, he had been doing that very thing.
The marathon ended at 6 am and the first tendrils of sunlight were starting to tint the outside sky so John figured there was no point in going to bed.
, John, rough bark, sensitive skin, remember!”
“Never took you as a
Greg realised he was staring at the way Sherlock’s jacket cinched in at his waist and framed his backside quite well and quickly looked to Donovan.
No reply came.  “Sir, do you need assistance?”
“Who is that?” Greg asked, surprised that not only did Sherlock have a visitor, but one that appeared to be in his bedroom.
The man then refused to ride in an ambulance, stating he would take a taxi.
The look on Sherlock’s face was brief - blink and you’d miss it - but there was emotional hurt there.  Something that was not normally found on the face of Sherlock Holmes.
He was soon distracted from the potential new member by John’s text message going off.  Pretending not to listen, Sherlock kept his back to the room. Whoever was messaging him was giving him good news.  Sherlock heard the slight, excited intake of breath as John read the message. Not Harry then. It was also not Lestrade or Mike asking him to go out for a pint.  The response John was tapping out, painfully slow, was too long for a simple reply.
“Your suspect wears a foot brace, more than likely due to some childhood deformity that was never fixed - probably because his parents were poor -, quite possibly caused by polio...”
"I'll be with you in a moment" I tell John and again, I hear him chuckle as I let my head flop back and the cool air wash me clean.  After a few moments of listening to Watson breathe and John tinker around in the kitchen, I open my eyes and straighten up.  I look at the kitchen door.  Well, is it a door if there is no physical solid structure to mark it as such?  I look at the arch way, separating the rooms.
“It’s quite satisfying,” John finished off.
Normally Mrs Hudson's hand is cool to touch.  Lovely, invitingly and blessedly cool.  Not today.  Today it is warm and of no comfort.  I am not sure if this is because she is suffering more than she lets on or if she truely is Satan.  Or, maybe the bride of Satan, nagging him and bossing him around and making him hot lava cake for tea (her lava cake is simply perfection on a plate.). Yes, that is it. My landlady is the bride of an imaginary fallen angel who rules over an imaginary kingdom of fire and brimstone.  A kingdom they felt that I apparently needed to be dragged down into.
“Nope! Mycroft’s party is it.  Not that I believe you for one second that you only accepted out of my welfare, but fine, if you’ve said we’d be there.  I’ll just text Karren and reschedule the date. Maybe she is free Guy Fawkes night” he added on absentmindedly.
John inhales again.  "Sherlock.  Why would I sleep on the couch.  It is smaller than me."
“You do.”
John laughed again.  “Because, my utterly mad man, life with you is always unexpected and never boring.  I had no idea what we were up to.”
“The point, Lestrade” Sherlock snapped.
Greg looked at the message with bleary eyes and then at the time on his clock.  3:37 am.  God, when that bastard got back in the country he was going to make his life a living hell, at least for the first 24 hours.
Sherlock had been standing to the side, looking for all the world, like he was lost, after spouting out his deductions.  Several times he had raked a shaky hand through his unwashed hair.
This may be the only time I get to cuddle John Watson, so I force myself to relax and bring my hand up to rest on the arm that is across my waist.  I close my eyes and let the darkness envelope me.  I let the smell and sound of John relax me.  I forget that Hell was trying to take over Not-Hell and ignore that my body is hot wherever John is pressed against it.  It is a welcome heat, a comforting warmth and surprisingly, My brain shuts up and I fall asleep.
“Yeah, visited him in rehab, used my leave to come back and visit him when he got out of rehab.”
I think over Johns offer again.  No.  It definitely wasn't obvious.  I tell him.  "No.  That wasn't obvious at all."
“Right,” John replied, purposely not looking at Sherlock’s chest.  “Well, there are leftovers in the fridge if you want them” he said and then made his way into the living room where he picked up the paper and sat down in his chair and started to read yesterday’s news.
“Yes” he finally replied.
The almost sexualised moan and the look of pure rapture that came over John’s face told Sherlock all he needed to know.
Hope you are all staying safe, well and sane whether you are in lock-down or not.
"Mms Hudson" I yell as I bang on her door.
“Then what is the issue?  Why are we standing here, instead of at the altar?”
Sherlock shrugged.  “The report is on Molly’s desk. Make sure the door shuts when you leave” he said to Greg, and turned back to John.
With a sigh, he got into his car.  “A couple of weeks” Greg mumbled, starting the engine.  If Sherlock voluntarily stayed away from New Scotland Yard for two weeks, then this was serious indeed.
“What, and reading Mrs Hudson’s erotica is any better?”
Greg rang the doorbell again, holding the buzzer down longer this time.
“No, really…” Molly started, but Greg didn’t listen, and oh, how he wished he had.
Greg grumbled again about the lack of light in the apartment.  Why’d he get all the weird ones?
“Of course you can,” Sherlock scoffed.  “Everyone knows that.”
watching as Sherlock’s hands prepare the slide.
Mycroft, once again, regrets viewing security footage, this time at the Watson’s flat.
“Sherlock” he called out, looking around the empty room.
"Thank you, John" I say.
Sherlock frowned for about five seconds and then suddenly his face came to life and he grinned.  “Oh, that is marvellous.  Graham, text me the address, I’ll be about ten minutes behind you.”
“Leave?”  Greg asked.  God he hated being this confused.
He wished he hadn’t.  The last thing he heard, before the lift doors shut, was Sherlock groaning out, “
“Is that where it was?  I did wonder at what point it had fallen out of my pocket.”
It is not a problem, exactly.  I actually like the idea of sharing a bed with John.  It is an idea I have entertained many a time but it was only supposed to be an idea, because actually sharing a bed with John could end up in a tragedy that would put Shakespeare to shame.
Greg held the donut in his mouth, the coffee in his left hand and the Felding report tucked under his arm.  In his right hand he managed to hold the slightly thinner Finnegan report and turn the handle, opening his office door.
Finally, John looked up from his book with a look that said he was trying to figure out Sherlocks plan.   “But I thought we weren’t going to that” he finally said.
John settles back down and continues to cuddle.  If I could purr, I would but it is actually impossible for a human to purr so I settle for humming instead as I let my fingers brush over Johns arm.
Sherlock turned the peg a bit to hard and fast at this news and only just managed to move his face out of the way to avoid being hit by a snapping G string.
It was then that a car drove past the flat, it’s headlights temporarily lighting up the room in a dull, yet quick light, that Mycroft could make out a shape on the couch. A shape that was not, at all, in any danger.
Greg nodded, recognising what sounded like a friendly suggestion as a politely worded direct order.  “Sure.  Let him know he can call me if… well, he can call me.”
It was now Sherlocks turn to get that annoyed look on his face.
Today had been a non-stop fuck around, but the case was solved, finally and while the air conditioning in his room was a blessed relief from the unusual hot temperatures, he couldn’t bare laying there and listening to Sherlock and John go at it, when they finally got around to it, because they would. Get around to it that was.
A chuckle leaves Johns mouth and he walks past me into the living room.  I follow.  Watson is asleep in the small port-a-cot that John has set up in the corner of the room.  See - I was being considerate. I didn't wake the baby.
Yes, that must be it because there is no way that John would snuggle up to me.
What Mycroft witnessed in the security footage.
John threw his hands up in exasperation.  This was pointless.  So he didn’t have to look at his infuriating flatmate anymore, he went downstairs to water Mrs Hudson’s plants.  He stayed there for an hour.
“You were bored?” John huffed out, barely suppressing a laugh.
“It was a perfectly sound plan, Lestrade” Sherlock said, although it lacked its usual superior tone.  “I knew you weren’t far away and the only reason that imbecile got any hits in was because…”
Greg pointed to the doors, silently questioning.
I was totally intending on having this chapter up yesterday, as a Christmas present to you all, but then there was presents and breakfast and naps and lunch and family and more presents and dinner and, oh my god, so much food and then more family and I was just exhausted, so here it is now, all wrapped up in a sparkly red bow, with a tag that says "Merry Christmas!"
“No.  I’m sure she wouldn’t.  Which is why she is noever going to find out.”
He also wanted to yell out Hallelujah because despite Sherlock being a twat on a constant basis and insulting Greg multiple times in a day, Greg had missed the man.  More than he thought he would.
"And here you are, although, not doing much sleeping."
"Hmmm?" he replies.  That seems to be one of his favourite replies.  I like it.  Sometimes it means he is listening to me and is at least vaguely interested in whatever it is I want to say. Other times it is an acknowledgement that I have spoken to him, even if he hasn't actually taken in what it is I am saying.  It is an indication that he is still in my life, when other people would rather not be.  I like his little
Silence met the room.
John frowned again.  “It would have been nice to know I was getting married today.  To have some say in it.”
Anyway’s,  here it is, chapter 3.
"Fuck...Sherlock.  What the fuck...Stop."
John answers Sherlock's questions as best as he can.
"I think you should come back to Baker Street with me" I tell him.  Because it would be silly if in the middle of the night I wanted a cuddle and I was there and he was here.
“I honestly don’t know.  None are blurry, there are no thumbs in the shot, so they are already doing better than me.”
I shudder at the thought.  The sun is out there.  I'm not sure if my skin will survive the scorching death-rays of that great being ball of malicious, sadistic torture, but I am willing to risk it.  If all goes to plan, it will be worth it, and I will also have a doctor who will be able to treat my third degree burns to all exposed parts of my body.  That is if my skin doesn't melt off first.
“Right” John mumbled as Sherlock slipped a new tab around his little finger, and then went back to sleep.
As they ate, John laughed at Eddie Murphy’s antics in Beverly Hills Cop 2.  Sherlock did not laugh once.  He went as far as stating that it was possibly the worst movie he had ever had the displeasure of watching.  After that, Sherlock worked on his cold case and John read his book. As ten thirty rolled past, John went and showered and when he came out, Sherlock was in bed.  Still not tired, John turned the TV back on and flipped through the channels until he came across an episode of Red Dwarf. He figured he would go to bed after the episode.
Sherlock finally made his way out into the living area, a frown on his face.  “What could you possibly need now, Lestrade?” the man grumbled.  “I solved you a case not even eight hours ago."
I knock on Johns door, not wanting to ring the doorbell incase Watson is asleep.  Whoever said I am an inconsiderate arse hole, clearly don't know me too well.  There is no answer, but I know John is home.  There is no reason he would take Watson out in this heat.  I am pretty sure that would be considered child abuse and John tries to avoid things such as endangering his child.  It was why he refused to come along on the case with me two weeks ago when he couldn't get a sitter.  It was only surveillance work - Watson could have napped in the back of the car - but John called me a tosser and hung-up.  It had been a long night, indeed and extremely safe, which I made sure I let John know.  But he had just ignored me, much as he is doing now.
Sherlock managed to ignore all comments and probing questions about his current relationship status, but every now and then, Greg saw the hurt that was there.
I hear John inhale slowly.  It is something he does when he has had enough and can't believe something is happening.  "Sherlock" he says slowly.  I am about to learn something.  This is the moon all over again.  "When I offered you my bed, I wasn't giving up my bed.  It is my bed.  I thought it was obvious, when I offered my bed, that I would also be sleeping in my bed."
Greg didn’t get a chance to answer because at the moment, the man went a funny shade of green and then leaned forward and expelled the contents of his stomach over Greg’s shoes.
“Not at all.  I’m on my way to a wedding” Sherlock responded, not looking at Greg, but taking in every detail he could of the crime scene.
"Yeah, I know" John says, his smile still spread over his face.  I am stating to not like that smile as much as I normally do.
Sherlock watched John make the tea for a few seconds, his concentration fully on the task at hand (was a rubbish day at work) before he spoke.  “Aren’t you going to ask how I knew?”
Mycroft stopped speaking.
"But, you are sleeping on the couch" I tell him, although I shouldn't have to.  It was clearly very obvious that that was the arrangement.
John went back to ignoring him.
Surely that message could have waited.  Greg had only got to bed an hour and a half ago and he had to be up in less than three hours.  Plus, the ‘
“How I knew that that was what you were going to ask?” Sherlock clarified.  John shrugged and continued his tea making.
“Who’s this?” Sally asked with a sneer and Greg sighed.  She clearly hadn’t learnt after her last meeting with Sherlock, but at the same time, Sherlock shouldn’t be bringing other people to a crime scene.
“Last one, John, I promise.”
But then Mycroft had rung him from Korea.  Sherlock had been arrested.  On a case.  In Hexham, Northumberland.
“This one left a note” Greg said slowly as he looked at the shorter man.  Something seemed familiar.  Distant, but familiar.
Greg slowly made his way to the pool, taking his time walking and drawing on the smoke in his mouth.  It was late, mid-week and he was in a small town.  The noises that surrounded him in London were absent, which made the sound of water, sloshing against the side of the pool, even more noticeable in the still night.  Shortly followed was a low moan.
He hasn’t, of course, actually *killed* all of the women in the book–though Kitty hints that Gruner’s killed a few more people than Holmes knows about–but he’s destroyed them, and the book is valuable to him as a record of their destruction. That he enjoys savoring his own villainy is obvious not just from the book, but from the fact that he’s seen reading it while listening to the Catalogue Song from Mozart’s
Jeremy Paul addressed some of these problems in the screenplay. As in “Musgrave Ritual,” Paul does a good job of finding and expanding the most dramatically interesting aspects of the backstory; regarding his treatment of the cook, Paul doesn’t change the language used to describe him (poor Edward Hardwicke gets stuck talking about his “negroid” and “mulatto-like” features), but he does suppress the gratuitous “fetish” and the sacrifice in the kitchen. None of that has anything to do with the solution to the mystery; it’s purely an attempt to create the “grotesque” atmosphere that Holmes identifies in the first lines as the keynote to this adventure. Paul made the executive decision that the case plot itself is grotesque enough.
Holmes quietly folded himself up and sat down, cross-legged, at the foot of my armchair. The firelight danced, reflected, in his upturned eyes.
But “The Copper Beeches” is a deeply creepy story, so I guess it’s cosmically appropriate, somehow, to be wafted into this episode feeling the cold breath of mortality on the nape of your neck. Look at that brooding ancestral hulk. Does that look to you like a good place to take a live-in job?
Miss Sutherland adopted a disguise and insinuated herself into the madam's den. There she found a young woman answering Mary Holder's description--lying in a nightdress in a filthy back room, dehydrated from vomiting and delirious with fever. Through the intercession of the Society, Miss Holder was removed to the Chelsea Women's Hospital. Her consumption, and other diseases, were far advanced. The nurses kept her clean and comfortable; but she sank, and five days later her sufferings were at an end. As our unfortunate client had succumbed to his grief the previous summer, it was his son and heir Mr. Arthur Holder who made the funerary arrangements, and was Miss Holder's chief and inconsolable mourner. The sole note of comfort in Sutherland's report was that, though Miss Holder was very far gone when Mr. Holder arrived, she did know him, and they reconciled. She died in his arms.
Physically and personality-wise, the contrasts are obvious; but their methods are very similar (one suspects Baynes of being a closet Sherlock Holmes fan). So, all right, the mirrors emphasize that for the viewer.
But then instead we go to him waking Watson up:
The Granada episode does some wonderful things with this domestic opening scene. For one thing, it begins with Holmes singing in Latin. This was inspired by Watson’s observation, in the canon story, that Holmes has been entertaining himself during their seclusion by studying medieval music. Brett’s voice is not technically perfect at this point in his life, but I found it very moving to hear him sing. (I’ve seen
In my last review I mentioned that I’ve never really liked “Bruce Partington Plans.” But I found the episode so delightful that I had to go back and look at it…and now I can’t understand how I could ever have maligned it so. HOW could I have failed to appreciate the story of Holmes and Watson’s very first amateur burglary? Or the story where Holmes tells Watson to write him down an ass? (Dogberry,
It seems to me, from the context the adaptation gives it, that this speech becomes less about providence than about love. Because one thing Holmes has definitely noticed is that Percy gets a lot of love, and that it’s expressed through touch. The first thing Watson does when he walks in is go over to Percy and take his hand in both of his own. When Percy gets overexcited and has an attack, Annie and Watson work together to get him his medicine, and the camera focuses on Watson’s hands as he supports Percy’s head and administers the dose. Right before Holmes goes to his mark for what’s eventually going to be the start of the rose speech, there’s a reaction shot of him watching Percy holding Annie’s hand and kissing it in gratitude. And then he goes over and–uncharacteristically, Doyle tells us–starts handling a rose.
makes them freakier). It’s surprising to see such a self-conscious parallel created between Moriarty and Watson. Holmes, of course, is right behind him; and Watson is very clearly using methods he’s seen Holmes use. But, following the “everything’s better with more Watson” rule I spoke of re “Norwood Builder,” this episode interpolates Watson into the Holmes/Moriarty dynamic from the beginning. For instance, when Holmes starts talking about Moriarty down in the bank vault, Watson says, “Moriarty,” in a tone which leaves no doubt that he understands exactly who Moriarty is and what kind of threat he poses to Holmes. By contrast, when Holmes mentions Moriarty in the ACD canon “Final Problem,” Watson says he’s never heard of him. This episode seems to want us to see
"No, no," he said, embarrassed. "But there is something rather terrifyingly intimate, is there not, about confessing to another man that his words have touched you?"
poor people have for remaining poor? Why don’t they all brush up their act, engage in witty repartee, entertain the gentry, and get rich like him? And then there’s the fact that “Hugh Boone” gives himself fake disabilities in order to pry more pity and therefore more money out of passersby, which provides support for the claims made then (and still made now) that the poor either counterfeited or intentionally courted disabilities in order to prey on the sensibilities of the middle class. Through Neville St. Clair, the act of asking people richer than you to spare some of their cash is presented as fraud. And this is before we get to what’s going on with the opium den.
As the text dematerializes, it becomes less redolent of the person who created it. Now, having been an early adopter of email I can tell you that long before the Emoji Movie, people were doing their best to encode some of those clues into the new technology. (In MY DAY, we had to TYPE our emojis using ORDINARY KEYBOARD CHARACTERS!) And I’m not saying electronic communication can’t be intense. I know people who fell in love via email, sight unseen, for real. I’m just saying that it’s not as tactile–or olfactory, or, for a guy who likes to taste his evidence, culinary.
The person who won’t say, when you come to him with some vague forebodings and some weird observations you can’t explain and tell him that you’re afraid something terrible is about to happen to you, that you’re making it up because such things don’t happen and so it must all be in your head. Holmes, instead, says, “These are deep waters indeed,” and promises to come down to your isolated house on the next available train. No wonder Helen says her heart already feels lighter when she leaves. The way Holmes handles Roylott when he shows up is priceless:
in which the writer (who goes by the name of Darren) argues that its plot is a metaphor for the show’s third-season crisis:
This episode begins with Holmes sitting grumpily in the carriage, swathed in a truly amazing array of wraps, telling Watson darkly, “You should have traveled alone,” to which a pained Watson responds, with false cheerfulness, “Nonsense! We’re on holiday!” The episode ends with one of many reversals, as Holmes waves away Watson’s concerns about his decision to let Sterndale go by repeating his own line back to him: “And besides, as you’re always telling me, we’re on holiday!” In between, Holmes undergoes a serious transformation which leads to a seismic shift in their relationship. And it all starts with that scene at the neolithic tomb, when Watson says, “I suppose death is always with us.”
"It's not me," I said. "It's you. You're the jewel."
, which is its failure to honestly and courageously grapple with the topic it chose, viz., mental illness. Though I don’t know anything about how this script was written or how this episode got made–others will, I’m sure, enlighten in the comments–it seems to me that what’s happened here is that the skeleton of “The Noble Bachelor” has been made the foundation of an almost completely unrelated story about Holmes’s fear that his own mind is unraveling under the pressures of his work–especially the many, many cases he’s taken up over the years which are dedicated to protecting women from male violence. Again, it seems to me as a viewer that this episode can’t possibly
At the same time, it’s only fair to ask: what performance of that grief would NOT disappoint me? Stage grief is never much like real grief. When we say that stage grief is convincing, we mean it’s emotionally stimulating without being too obviously faked.
and the
And then, his image starts drifting forward, obviously separating from the background. This is very confusing, because Holmes himself doesn’t appear to be moving; it’s as if he’s become detached from his environment and is just floating toward you. At the same time, he’s descending through the bottom of the frame:
In addition to the hour-long episodes, the Granada team made five feature-length films:
At any rate, the Blue Carbuncle is sort of a mini-Moonstone. Just as Collins made his giant diamond special by giving it an unusual color and characteristics (the Moonstone is yellow, and it has a flaw at its heart which makes its value very hard to estimate), Doyle makes his gem just a little extra: “it has every property of the carbuncle,” except that it’s not red, it’s blue. Well, red color is actually the only defining characteristic of the carbuncle. The red color is what makes them carbuncles. But ANYWAY.
This episode, by the way, is helped enormously by the actors playing Hilton and Elsie, who are able to raise the stakes by making you believe in their love and their tragedy. (Betsy Brantley, who plays Elsie, later played the kid’s mother in
. The red herring about Sam Brewer’s disappearance is a good move in that it camouflages the real issues for a little bit longer than the story does. (Let me just point out that in the canon story, instead of “in debt,” Doyle repeatedly has everyone say “in the hands of the Jews.” Like, every time. Thanks, Doyle.)
to the Granada series. Not having ever made it to the Hardwicke era, however, I could not at that point appreciate how deeply “The Musgrave Ritual”–the episode, more than the ACD canon story–must have incised itself into Mark Gatiss’s brain. Understanding this doesn’t make “The Final Problem” any less insane; but it does answer a question I’ve long had about this episode, which is, “Where the hell did any of this come from?”
When I saw “Twisted Lip” was up next, my first thought was: Do I have to? Do I really? To call the canon story ‘problematic’ would be an understatement; it is a festival of late Victorian prejudices. How, if your brand is being faithful to canon, are you going to take a plot which combines Orientalism, racism, and classism with contempt for the disabled and the poor and make a silk purse out of that sow’s ear?
But that was 30 years ago, and although the name “Natasha Richardson” has been rattling around in my brain all this time, never until this exact second did I come to realize that the Natasha Richardson who played Violet Hunter in “The Copper Beeches” grew up to become the Natasha Richardson who would tragically die in 2009 after sustaining a head injury while skiing, leaving Liam Neeson and their children suddenly bereft.
From their point of view, the arc of the episode is about getting Holmes out of his snit fit and forcing him to make his peace with the vagaries of his profession–specifically, making sensationalism his friend. The final scene, with Watson slowly and savoringly reading his own prose out loud while Holmes smokes and pretends he loves it, is a great negotiation of the formulaic return to the status quo ante. Holmes promises to defer to Watson’s literary judgment; Watson says, “Good.” Holmes gets the last ‘word’ in via an aggrieved look at the camera; but Watson probably knows that, and doesn’t care. He’s got his validation; Holmes has his; Violet is no longer at the mercy of middlemen like Westaway’s, and all’s right with the world.
Years ago, when Mrs. Plaidder and I were still in school, we had a friend who I will call V. V was an outspoken feminist; also, she was unusually beautiful. (By this I mean that her beauty was obvious even to straight men.) A lot of the men who hit on her were jerks. But she had this one boyfriend who really seemed to us like a keeper. He was sensitive, he listened, he understood and supported her politics; we met him and we thought he was great. They seemed very happy together. Then, one time, we asked after him, and V. said they weren’t together any more. We asked what happened. V. said, “Well, I read his journal.”
And straight up, I will say that at this point Brett’s performance is deteriorating, and that’s tragic. It isn’t just that both the ethereal beauty that belonged to him in his youth and the chiseled features of his early middle age have deserted him. The things that are going wrong–the exaggerations, the oversold high points, the jerkiness of the physical movements–are not volitional, and I guess this is something I want people to understand. An actor’s instrument is his body, and you can’t get a good performance out of a broken instrument. It isn’t just age. Brett doesn’t have the control he used to have over his voice because his breathing is now unreliable. His face has lost some expressivity because of the bloating and because they are now making him up more heavily in an apparent effort to camouflage his illness. (In several scenes his lipliner is visible, even in the low-res version of this that I’m watching.) What’s hard about watching him in this episode (and, I imagine, in the rest of the “Memoirs” episodes) is that you can still see the outlines of all the gestures, tones of voice, etc. that made his Holmes so indelible. Brett’s intentions are the same, but he can no longer control the execution, and nuance is more and more out of reach.
about him. Holmes and Pike are of an age and knew each other at school. One has the sense that in Langdale Pike Holmes sees the end of a road that he himself might have taken: a life dedicated to the pleasures of the senses rather than the intellect, to the pursuit of beauty rather than to the pursuit of truth. He has a monocle instead of a magnifying glass; his knowledge is as encyclopedic but attained via different methods. (This impression is no doubt enhanced by the fact that Langdale actually reminds me a lot of Robert Downey Jr.’s Holmes.) He also sees the deterioration of what we can assume was Langdale’s former beauty.
Below the cut tag I’m going to talk mainly about the consequences of using “The Red Headed League” as a vehicle for introducing Moriarty. And also, of course, the many delightful moments it provides for our next-to-last look at the Brett and Burke team.
For the last six, the show is carrying him. And maybe that’s fair. Very sad. But fair enough.
It’s not just a throwaway line, either. The fact that Watson’s no longer living with Holmes is very important to the plot. It’s the reason that 1) Holmes is alone when Gruner’s gang of thugs jump him 2) Watson finds out about this assault from the goddamn
If we get past the dreadful execution and consider the content, this hallucination is really important. We find out that what Holmes fears most at this point is death. And not just for what it’s going to do to him, but for what it will do to Watson.
Even more troublingly, Holmes knows he’s dragging Watson into this ethical morass well, which is part of what’s implied by the “us.” Ever since Holmes let Ryder go in “Blue Carbuncle,” Watson has been bothered by Holmes’s apparent belief that he’s above the law. He can always sympathize with Holmes’s motives; but there’s always resistance. But over the course of the series, we find that resistance weakening until it becomes pretty much pro forma. And in this one, Watson puts up no resistance when asked to transcribe the confession. But right to the end of the episode, he’s pushing for Holmes to use it, and Holmes knows he has no intention of doing so. The “God help us” is partly Holmes’s realization of how much he’s influenced Watson’s own ethics and his own moral choices, and what a responsibility
For the first six episodes of this saga, Jeremy Brett was carrying this show. Of course he had a very talented accomplice in David Burke. But over and over in those early episode reviews I’d find myself telling the same story: this is riveting when Brett is on screen and boring, not to say ridiculous, when he’s not.
Yes, my friends, that’s Jude Law, future Watson to Downey’s Holmes, future Bosie to Fry’s Wilde, playing the very attractive stable lad who is inveigled by SIr Robert and Carrie into impersonating Lady Beatrice–and who is Dramatically Unveiled by Holmes:
But the best thing about this episode is that we get to watch Holmes and Watson have Christmas together in 221B. All y’all who Johnlock and are constantly pining after cozy domestic scenes of the two of them making tea and wearing jumpers together, I just want you to know that “The Blue Carbuncle” has ALL of that, and it is as warm and beautiful and delicious as a slice of plum pudding isn’t.
There’s a fine line between a chase scene and a train wreck.
Feared his lofty isolation
I really tried very hard to go into this episode with an open mind, even though I knew it was written by Derek Marlowe, the man who thought it was a good idea to end “The Greek Interpreter” with a 20-minute chase scene on a train. I was excited for it, even, because I had never actually seen it before–which surprised me, because I really thought I’d seen all of the Brett and Burke episodes. Imagine my joy when I discovered there was a whole new one that was as yet unknown to me! Even if it was written by Derek Marlowe!
"Ah, Watson," he said, laying down the final page. "I feared as much."
I don’t know if I can explain how this affected me. I will try.
And this brings us to Kitty Winter and the vitriol.
But here’s what I really want to give the props to Jeremy Paul for: he realized that there is some sensational psychodrama buried in “The Musgrave Ritual,” and he does a much better job than Doyle did of bringing it to life. What happens to Brunton is very Edgar Allan Poe, and although Doyle does indulge himself in speculation about Brunton’s hideous final moments, the limitations of first-person narration mean that we can’t really know exactly how it went down. Paul recreates the love triangle that drives the murder, managing to give us a convincing glimpse into how Brunton operates as a “Don Juan” and a much clearer understanding of why his ex drops the rock on him. Johanna Kirby is a compelling and unsettling presence in this episode as Rachel Howells, the housemaid with the “fiery Welsh temper” who’s been loved and left by Brunton. Holmes and Watson now get to witness her freakout when Brunton’s name is mentioned (Watson being the one who gets to deal with Rachel’s medical care after she faints). We the viewers get to see how Brunton got her to help him, and why she turned on him at the last minute; we also get to hear him screaming for help and banging on the stone while she walks away. That whole sequence is legitimately chilling, 1980s production values and all. Her final flight into the lake is a little over the top; but it’s worth it to set up that little extra spine-tingling moment as Holmes and Watson drive back to the station. Holmes says, as he does in canon, that he figures Rachel Howells is far away and starting over with the secret buried in her heart. But we know that she isn’t. And sure enough, just before the final credits, Brunton’s ex heads down to the lake, and up she comes:
a lot of contempt for the poor. The poor must be poor because of their own personal shortcomings; look, Neville St. Clair proves that with smarts and wit and industriousness you can make a gentleman’s income
I mean what is the thinking here? Holmes has his own trademark funny hat, so Watson needs one too? Or did everyone in Victorian London don fezzes for celebrations? Whatever the thought process was, I feel about this fez the way River Song felt about Eleven’s:
So you all know that I just routinely read Brett’s Holmes as gay. But here, you see what that means in a completely new context. He is not only
This story has always fascinated me. And despite some serious misfires by the production team, overall I love what they’ve done with it.
"This is one of those occasions," said Holmes, "when I take no pleasure in being proved right. Surely you know that."
But the most interesting thing to me about this is the change made to the impersonation plot. In order to prepare us for what is potentially a highly irregular/corrupt ending–we don’t find out for sure what Holmes does about going to the police, but we do find out that both Watson and Mrs. Hudson profited from the fact that Shoscombe Prince was able to run in the race after all–Paul takes the time to establish that Sir Robert does actually really love his sister and feels real grief over her death. We also know he’s carrying on with his sister’s maid Carrie. In the canon story, Lady Beatrice is impersonated by an older man, an actor who’s married, if memory serves, to Carrie. In the adaptation, they handle this very differently. Early in the episode, a young lad comes by to ask Sir Robert for work in the stables:
? I would give a LOT. Watson’s part in this one is tailor-made for Burke’s energy, the scene where Watson finds out Holmes has been hiding out on the moors without telling him would have been ON FIRE, and to see Brett charging around the countryside with the same elan with which he leaps over that couch in “The Red Headed League” would have brought joy to my dispirited heart.
(the great-grandaddy of
Short story: I was disappointed.
But there’s another layer to this story. All the way through this episode, Holmes is working on Watson to bring him around to his way of thinking. That scene with the Fabulous Jacket ends with a great little moment, in which Holmes teases Watson about the fact that he’s starting to believe in McCarthy’s innocence. I was thinking about this later and I realized: this isn’t just about the two of them. In “Abbey Grange,” Holmes drafts Watson as the jury in their mock trial, noting that Watson is uniquely qualified to “represent” one. The only way Holmes can really do right by both his client and his conscience is to persuade a British jury of McCarthy’s innocence. Holmes has already determined that Watson thinks like a British jury. So all the way through, when Holmes is trying to persuade Watson,
And breaking up
. Obviously there are narrative reasons for this quirk of his; but I think it’s worth pointing out that from the beginning, the mystery matters more than the crime and the truth matters more than punishment. Over and above that, though, Holmes always insists on people being honest
The stories make a big deal about Holmes’s sensitive hands, and Brett obviously took that as a character note. He really had the gift of bringing the props alive, and watching this now, I felt a kind of painful nostalgia for the tactile world that the information revolution swept aside–the notes, the envelopes, the scraps of paper, the blackboards and the chalks, the pins, the leatherbound books with their dog-eared pages. Maybe I miss it more because of all the time I’ve spent in the nearly-paperless
I say this partly because, while delivering the line “Gentleman of the jury,” Brett separates the first word quite deliberately into “gentle man.” We find out later that Watson actually has some serious reservations about what Holmes is asking him to do here (among other things, he’s now an accessory to whatever felonies Holmes is committing tonight). But he can’t resist Holmes’s appeal here to the Watson only he knows–the “gentle man” who’s been with him all these years, who’s taken him back after the Fall, and who can’t help responding to his touch. I mean after all, this is how poor Watson’s day began:
I am also fascinated by the fact that during the sickbed scenes, Brett’s voice drops an octave, just as it did when they were filming
"I had the opportunity to peruse the Strand's Christmas number today, at last," he said.
I am, I will admit, a sucker for the established relationship, and this episode really delivers that in a very rich and satisfying way, in the small things as well as the large.
are cute and all, but they’re also evidence of a population of homeless and unsupervised children living on the street. In “Scandal in Bohemia,” nobody thinks it unusual at first that there are multiple grown men fighting each other for the chance to earn a tip by opening Irene Adler’s carriage door. In “The Crooked Man,” Nancy Barclay is doing charity work with the homeless and poor when she runs into Henry Baker. And so on.
I kissed him and in that moment I was wedded to him.
). It doesn’t take much investigating to confirm it, either. All in all, I have to give Paul props for turning a pretty blah story into a really enjoyable episode, with one very interesting surprise at the end.
Apart from starting with “Scandal in Bohemia” and ending with “The Final Problem,” there doesn’t seem to have been any attempt on Hawkesworth’s part to account for publication order. “The Naval Treaty” was the last story Doyle published in the Strand before “The Final Problem.” Maybe that explains the unusual number of WTF moments that Holmes has. The most famous his the one where, in the middle of interviewing Percy Phelps and Annie Harrison, Holmes goes off on a disquisition about the beauty of roses, apropos of nothing. But there are other things about Holmes’s behavior in “Naval Treaty” that are just weird, including the fact that he decides it would be a great idea to come up with an extra-dramatic way of springing the recovered treaty on his client–knowing full well that his client responded to the LAST major shock he received by collapsing for nine weeks with a life-threatening attack of ‘brain fever.’
in which Watson takes Holmes to task over his drug use; so before the King shows up we get the “my mind rebels at stagnation” speech. Holmes is pretty explicit about the fact that taking this case is part of his treatment plan.
Bowen’s primary innovation is to make Lady Frances Carfax interesting. Doyle was a lot more interested in the gruesome details of her near-death experience than in Lady Frances herself. In the canon story, the lady has already vanished before Holmes gets the case. Here, we and Watson get to know and like Lady Frances Carfax before all this hideous shit goes down. All Lady Frances wants is to live an independent and meaningful life. And yet, she is surrounded by men who are trying to stop her–her asshole aristocratic brother, Holy Peters, and this bearded and behatted stalker who, from a distance, looks not unlike the disguised Mr. Carruthers.
Who’s Watsoning you day and night
Ah well. Marlowe didn’t get his paws on “Norwood Builder,” which up next…and THAT one is about 99 44/100th percent pure delight.
This conversation felt so natural to me that I went back to look at the Doyle story because I suspected it was a modern invention. In fact, everything in this scene comes out of the canon story in one way or another–either from Watson’s narration (in which he notes that Holmes routinely went without food when hot on a case) or the dialogue, which has been slightly massaged in order to give Watson a slightly more active role. The “let’s go see what we can do” line, for instance, was taken out of one of Holmes’s speeches and given to Watson. And just by making those small changes, Harris turns this scene into one of the best glimpses we get of the heart of this relationship.
I’m an American girl
This did not seem to require a verbal response, and I did not offer one.
working on Watson and therefore
There seems to be a loss of intensity in the Holmes/Watson relationship. Holmes and Watson spend a lot of this episode apart, as they do in “Eligible Bachelor” and “Last Vampyre.” Although Watson has plenty to do–back in “Master Blackmailer” they started having Watson do some of the interviews, and I think at this point we can say it was partly to make things easier on Brett–Holmes’s reaction to Watson’s beating struck me as strange. Holmes shows more upset and agitation about it in his scenes with Mrs. Hudson and Isadora Klein than he does in his scenes with Watson; and although that’s not totally out of character, I was expecting more from their reunion at the Three Gables. Maybe Brett intended for there to be more. But for whatever reason, that drifting-apart that everyone so successfully fought in “Illustrious Client” seems to be happening now.
As Watson’s voice goes on, the camera lingers on all the things Holmes has left behind, never (as far as Watson knows) to pick up again. The pipe and slippers, the cigarette case, the revolver, etc. The very last image focused on, right after the “best and wisest man” line, is the empty syringe, seen through the iconic magnifying glass.
If I walked on the set,
So in this context, when Holmes says “God help us,” I read it differently. Here, there’s none of the distance and the unavoidable condescension that comes with pity. The older, wiser, judge-and-jury Holmes is for once genuinely troubled about what he’s done by taking the law into his own hands. He knows that what he’s just done may lead to the death of an innocent man. He has chosen to protect the older, weaker, more broken man instead. Because this Holmes, the one closing in on the end of his journey, has been there. He identifies with Turner instead of pitying him; and the knowledge that this makes his decision on some level a selfish one bothers him–as it should. Pardoning the killer who is Like You because he is Like You is one of the things that perpetuates oppression.
, caught up in yet another entailment plot, dispossessed by yet another asshole cousin, and this time NOT go gently into that genteel poverty. Holmes low-key ragging Watson about his attraction to her is sort of endearing– “You’ve already had your head turned, I’d better make sure you don’t break your neck”–and of course this is a great story for Mrs. Hudson, finally just straight up says to him, “You are the worst tenant in the whole of London.” If this were the first episode of this show that you watched, you wouldn’t tune in for a second. But as it is…in this episode, the show does more or less succeed in carrying him. Thank heavens for small mercies. I don’t expect it will last.
If my crackpot theory is correct, then the “Musgrave Ritual” stuff in “The Final Problem” is not only Sherlock’s return to his origins but Mark Gatiss’s. All that burying-alive and drowning is self-consciously redeployed in “The Final Problem” as Symbols of Buried Trauma and the Return of the Repressed. John chained to the bottom of the well amongst the bones of poor little Victor Trevor simultaneously evokes Brunton’s death and Rachel’s death, as the well is both a narrow stone chamber and a body of stagnant water. As in “Musgrave Ritual,” Sherlock can only find John by decoding Eurus’s maddening little song, a process which is so complex and goes by so fast that no spectator has a prayer of following it. In this case, however, there’s a happy ending for both of “Musgrave Ritual’s” submerged victims, as Sherlock first rescues Ophelia and then liberates the man she’s immured.
And then there’s the scene at the restaurant, which is a great moment for Hardwicke’s Watson. Burke would have approached the whole burglary thing very differently. Breaking into the house of a dangerous German spy who most likely murdered the last guy who came to his house uninvited and then dumped his body on the roof of a moving train? Sign me up! Can we start now? But Hardwicke’s Watson is more understated, less starry-eyed, concerned about his friend’s tendency to take the law into his own hands, and definitely starting to wonder whether he’s getting too old for this shit. So it’s more fun to watch Hardwicke’s Watson walking into a restaurant carrying a bag of burglar’s tools and CLEARLY none too happy about it; and it also means more, to us and to Holmes, when he finally caves and agrees to come along on this insane joyride. No matter how long they’ve been doing this together, Brett’s Holmes is always just a little anxious whenever he asks Watson if he wants to come along, and he’s always so genuinely pleased when Watson says yes. It’s like it’s their first date, every time. And a burglary first date is, apparently, the best kind. Holmes is so happy when he’s breaking into other people’s houses with Watson at his side. It’s very sweet. And perhaps a little bit kinky.
The garland slithered from my hands onto the hearth-rug. I stood quite still for several moments. Finally, since Holmes was out, it was I who had to tell myself that I was making an error of logic. Because Mary had been in the habit of writing her love letters to me on lilac note-paper, it did not follow therefrom that anything written on lilac note-paper was a love letter from Mary.
: can I handle the casting change? Will I be able to embrace Edward Hardwicke after decades in which–in my head–Burke was the only Watson on this show?
, which dates from 1895, also involves a husband and wife team–Sir Robert and Lady Gertrude Chiltern–where the husband is a big deal in politics. It also involves a dual sensitive-letter plot (each person in this marriage has a sensitive letter that they are afraid will ruin them if the wrong people find out about it). And for each of them, Sir Robert’s best bachelor friend Lord Goring is instrumental in solving the problem. And I guess I just can’t help getting a kick out of the fact that Jeremy Brett, in a way, got to play this role twice.
In the final scene in 221b, however, I felt like I was starting to warm up to Hardwicke. I mean I don’t know whose idea it was to put the poor man in a fez:
, it was too late.
"Well," he said, after a moment's pause. "I suppose I
So this is what keeps the Granada Holmes first in my heart. In about 15 minutes they establish a long-term relationship with many emotional layers and all kinds of intimacy between the two of them, and everything else is really just gravy. Now I will warn anyone who hasn’t seen these before that you will occasionally get a mood-breaking bad surprise from the production values. For instance, someone in the costume department was having a bad day when they got the order for the King’s outfit:
I’m going to talk about that below; and, of course, about the fact that this is the very last episode aired of Jeremy Brett’s Sherlock Holmes. In a lot of ways, it was better than I was expecting. In general, I’ll be honest, ever since
Going into this, Brett has to have known that the “what a lovely thing a rose is” speech was going to be hard to motivate. In the story, it really comes out of nowhere, and goes nowhere. Now I can tell you exactly what happened: Doyle temporarily hijacked Holmes’s voice–the voice of authority, and the only one of Doyle’s voices that people really listened to–to defend something he himself really cared about, viz., the existence of God. (In another obvious soapbox moment, on their way back to London, Holmes gratuitously points out some industrial schools being built as “lighthouses” of the future.) Here’s what Doyle wrote:
This is why Violet needs to get Sherlock Holmes’s attention. It has nothing to do with romance. She knows she wants to take this job; she needs the money, but she’s also, I think, intrigued by the mystery. However, she’s way too smart to go into this situation alone and unprotected. If she becomes imprisoned in this house (as she effectively does, given the locks and the mastiff), she may not be able to get herself out of it unassisted. She needs someone on the outside who knows where she is and is ready to help bust her out if necessary. She understands–because she has been dealing with this for her entire career–the insight with which Holmes shocks Watson on their trip through the “smiling” countryside: that the homes of the rich can be far more dangerous than the slums of the poor.
"You don't think I put too much...color and life into it?"
, in which many of the key arc episodes focus on the difficulty of deciding when something is dead and when it’s alive. I found
Hush, hush, sweet Charlotte…just relax…soon it will all be ov- WILL YOU SHUT THOSE BLOODY MEDITATION BOWLS UP!
"I faithfully recorded your promise to drop a line to the Countess--"
So Eurus is basically half Hannibal Lecter and half Ophelia. I mean the Ophelia connection was always obvious. Not only is her entire life a mad scene, not only does she spend her entire life wittering about in white nightclothes with mad preraphaelite hair (which is supposed to be her own? though she has much shorter hair as John’s shrink?), but she’s played by Sian Brooke, who was Ophelia in the famous Benedict Cumberbatch
It’s striking how Watson’s final comment on Holmes as a “benefactor of the race” works just as well as an introduction to his character for new readers as it does as a kind of summation of Holmes just before his death. Holmes discharges his benefactor function in several ways in this episode, the main one being extorting money out of the asshole banker for both himself and Watson and for Jabez Wilson, whose pawnshop gets destroyed during the melee. Brett’s performance has so much flash and sparkle and surface variation; but the foundation’s always the same. And it reminds us in advance of what we’re about to lose.
…is try to throw it over the standing mirror that has sprouted over there by the doorway. He misses, and the thing drops to the floor. He then gets an armful of scarves and starts draping them over the mirror, almost completely covering it up, and finally picks up the gown from the floor and drapes it over the scarves, completely obscuring the mirror from view. TRY SHOOTING MY REFLECTION NOW, HAMMOND!
There are some Sherlock Holmes stories that are classics. There are some that have major problems but continue to endear themselves to the public. There are some in which one tiny nugget of gold is buried in a vast swamp of tedium. And then there are some that need to just be left in the battered tin dispatch box of Doyle’s craziness. “The Creeping Man” is one of those. It is true that, during the early decades of the twentieth century,
The Granada “Red Circle” basically treats the Red Circle as if it were the mob, and in a lot of ways this episode is sort of a bargain-basement
Jeremy Paul’s adaptation fixes two of these problems very well, and does its best with the third. He moves the case into the present, so that the whole thing happens while Holmes and Watson are down visiting Musgrave for the weekend. This helps solve the second problem: all the events which, in the story, are narrated by Musgrave actually happen during that weekend. As for the third problem…well, they tried. For the time, the way they attempt to layer the seventeenth-century history of this case over the Victorian-present-day investigation is sort of cool. At this moment, well, when I see a guy dressed up as a cavalier riding a horse and handing off his bag to a guy who is CLEARLY the actor playing Reginald Musgrave in old-guy hair and makeup with a cloak pretending to be his own great-great-great-great grandfather, it is kind of hard to take that seriously. The most effective strategy for problem #3, really, was showing Holmes piecing together the bits of crown while he explained its provenance and history. Good job with the prop, everyone on the prop team; and A+ job for Brett’s use of Holmes’s natural histrionic talents to make his little mini History Channel documentary compelling. Although it is true that initially, they all completely fail as archaeologists. Of COURSE it’s all dull and dirty, that thing was buried back in 1649. Did you expect it to be shiny after two and a half centuries in a box in a damp cellar?
“Yes, he’s upstairs, but they’re sleeping just now.  It’s not an emergency is it?” She asked looking worried and all Grteg could think of was who the hell
“They are called house rules.”
“It’s not.”
“Of course you can.  It means
Greg wanted to do several things.  The first one was to fling the bloody phone at the wall.  It was four o’clock in the bloody morning and all Greg had wanted to do, was sleep until he had to get up and get ready for work.
~~~~~~~~~~
“Oh, I can’t complain.  My hips a bit twingy in this weather, but if that’s all of got to complain about at my age.”  She left the sentence hanging and gave Greg another friendly smile.
Sherlock waved his comment away.  “Text me the address.”
Sherlock is so confused but John has work to do.
“Right” Greg said, not sure what else to say.  “Good.”  He still felt bad leaving the lad all on his own.  The doctor must have sensed this.
“Sherlock” Greg said jovially, getting the other man’s attention.  “Come and help me get the next round of drinks.”
When he turned back to Sherlock the man was practically hyperventilating.  “Look, Sherlock” Greg said, placing a hand on the other man’s arm.
After the Uno incident, Sherlock seemed happy to keep to himself as he immersed himself in the cold-case that had been giving him trouble the last day or so.
Sherlock opened his mouth to say he didn’t know any of those artists when John’s final comment actually hit him.  He liked Sherlocks stuff. A lot.
Oh, God, I am dying.  I am being smothered as I sleep.  Satan has finally decided to grace me with his presence and smother me with a blanket.  A heavy, sweaty blanket.  But I refuse to go down without a fight. I reach out, in the dark and push against the blanket, I push it away from my body.  Push on it's smooshy face and free myself.
“Anderson.  The fact that we can’t see anything in here means that you’re not doing your job.  Go see about the lighting.”
“Go see what Moore is up to” he ordered, and his tone brooked no argument.
’ and, stopping to water her plants on the way out, he made his way upstairs, sat in his chair and started the novel.
.” Greg just shrugged.  The man paid her no attention.
To be honest, Greg had wished the man had said no.  It was depressing looking at him.  He was miserable.  It wasn’t completely obvious, but Greg knew when the man wasn’t happy and tonight, he wasn’t happy.  He was also exceedingly uncomfortable, sitting on the edge of the booth, nursing a beer he obviously didn’t want, while a woman, in a low cut, tighter than skin top stopped by his side and started actually flirting with Sherlock Holmes.
“Nope” John said, shaking his head.  “You said, ‘Stay with me’.”
“I can’t believe it didn’t click.”
"I'm not sleeping on the couch Sherlock. If you don't like out arrangement then you have a perfectly good bed, at your home."
Awkwardly, using is free hand, he pushed his pyjamas down his hips, to mid-thigh and kept stroking, holding back any verbalisation.  The last time he had done this, he had loudly cried out, waking up Rosie.
were.  “It’s just, they haven’t had a lot of rest lately, you know with all that has been going on and I don’t really want to disturb them.”
"Sh'lock?" he mumbles into my shoulder.  Here it is. Here is John realising the situation we are in.
Greg frowned  “Very obvious...? And you came straight over to me.”
was bad news.  “Has agreed to go to Mike’s Halloween party with me.”
"I am talking about forever, John" I explain.
“How could you possibly know that?”
Sherlock nodded, his mouth full of food.
"Second, my
“Ah” was all Greg could reply.  Clearly, there was a domestic going on inside the morgue and Greg knew this was going to happen because he also knew that, in the three days that John was away, Sherlock set the upstairs bed - John’s bed - on fire.  He had claimed it was so John wouldn’t have anywhere else to sleep, other than Sherlock’s bed, no matter how angry he was at Sherlock.  Greg didn’t think Sherlock appreciated how much John could tolerate an uncomfortable surface.
John's boredom is starting to piss Sherlock off and Sherlock doesn't want beans on toast.
Just then Greg’s phone vibrated in his pocket.  He pulled it out and read the message.
“Just know the suit is sorted.”
Sherlock let out a growl of frustration.  God, it was like having a conversation about the house rules of Monopoly with Mycroft.
“The bastard took my wallet and phone” the man slurred.
“You said he was finished for the night” John panted, glaring down at Sherlock, who was sprawled on his back on Gregs desk, John was positioned between his legs, which were wrapped tightly around Johns waist.
“No, that’s not what I am saying.”
.  And now, suddenly, he wants a bloody case.
“Are we watching the telly tonight?” Sherlock asked, dropping onto the couch.
“Stry” Watson shouted from the floor, deciding their dinner for them.
“Last case,” John stated.
Sally snorted back a laugh.  “Even more imaginary.”
Sherlock was acting weird.  He had spent the morning looking at John like he was a particularly frustrating case to solve.
“Oh, I don’t know.  Maybe it was the thirty-odd text messages yesterday demanding I give you a case.”
I ignore her questioning.  I am not speaking to John.  John made a joke about the fact that he had air-condition when I rang to
Greg went to tell Sherlock to ignore her, but when he turned around Sherlock was gone.  When he looked around, he saw a very familiar silhouette walking past the window outside.
John sighed, dropping his head against Sherlocks shoulder in resignation.  Sherlock just glared at Greg.  “As is letting one’s dog run loose, in a public area, when there are multiple signs stating that dogs must be kept on a leash at all times.”
“Please tell me that that is not what it looks like.”
“Not.”
At those words, a familiar glint came into Sherlock’s eyes and a small grin stole over his mouth. “No, there is nothing common about you, John Watson.”
"No, you Berk" John says, slightly exasperated.  It is an expression I am used to on him.  I have a niggling feeling that I am usually the cause of it, but choose not to look too closely into it. "We turned it into a nursery for our baby to sleep in."
~~~~~~~~~~
“Not that I know of and I don’t mean of the subjects.  The quality. What do you think?”
“As I was saying,” Sherlock said, speaking over Greg.  “The only reason that I managed to get cut in the first place….”
John frowned.  That was the last thing he needed.  Straining buttons on Sherlock’s shirts.
John and I sit in the kitchen, and John coerces me into a game of poker.  One game turns into five as I am determined to beat him, but the blasted man has a much better p-p-p-poker face than I gave him credit for and bugger it.  Now that damned song is stuck in my head.  Curse Lady Gaga and her catchy tunes.
Sherlock let out a low sigh.  “If only I were. The restaurants had been in the family for two generations.”
“No, they are called Sherlock is a fucking child, rules.”
“They all look very happy.  Have they gone missing?”
It was then that John noticed that Sherlock had actually put on a bit of weight.  It wasn’t much, but his cheeks weren’t so drawn and his shirt buttons weren’t as lax (not that they were very lax to start off with).
Just a very brief (fictional) history lesson here.  We will get back to John and Sherlock shortly.
The following days sort of blended together.  It was a haze of shagging, showering, sleeping, talking to Rosie, eating, and then fucking.
“Nope?” Sherlock repeated thoughtfully.
"I thought so" is his self satisfied response and then we go back to cuddling in silence.
John seems to consider my words.  Well, at least I thought he was until he opens his mouth and speaks.  "Lets break this down into small parts so you understand, shall we?"
"Right, so now that we have established that we are both occupying the bed, can we please go to sleep.  I have a small child that likes to rise with the sun, so If I could at least get a few hours sleep in, that would be great, unless you have any other problems."
When Sherlock heard John put his phone down, he slowly turned and made his way over to his chair.  John was back to reading his novel again, no emotion on his face for Sherlock to gauge what sort of good news he had received.  He was going to have to wheedle it out of the man. “Good news?” he asked, picking his violin up and, so as to seem not too invested in John’s answer, he started fiddling with the tuning pegs.
“Oh, Detective Lestrade, how lovely to see you” Mrs Hudson chirped.  “It’s been a while, how have you been?”
John sighs.  "I hope you are actually just being over dramatic and you didn't actually set your bed on fire."
“Nobody knows that,” John explained.
So, to feel completely soft and pliable and rubbery now was a completely new experience for Sherlock Holmes.  It could be that John was, in fact, a fantastic lover, quite possibly the best in the world, or it could be the anticipation that had built up over the years, or it could be the fumes from the chemical soaked rags that were hanging in the bathroom, or maybe it was a combination if all three, but regardless of the reason, Sherlock Holmes could not move and for once in his life, he didn’t care.  All he cared about was feeling this good forever.
And to top it all off, as if my mental anguish wasn't enough of a struggle, Johns skin against my own, as tantilising as it is, is also making me hot.  Hotter than I thought it would despite the air-conditioning still being rather adequate in the bedroom.
“Who’d you nick that from, then?” She replied with a smirk.
"Good" he says.  "It would be a pain in the arse to haul all of our stuff over there, just for a weekend."
Amusement at the situation pushed aside, he really did hate to leave his friend in this state, but he had things to do. Any more answers that Sherlock wanted were going to have to wait until tomorrow.
“You have a serial killer on your hands.”
He always asked after a case, so long as it wasn’t too late and the consulting detective always sneered down his nose at Greg, but not tonight.
Greg waved a thanks to Mrs Hudson and jogged up the stairs, only stopping briefly to knock on the open door.
“What?  No. John, focus.  What do you think?”
This time, it was apparently vampires.  In London.  Who liked to nail their windows shut and paint them black.  Apparently Vampires didn’t like light bulbs over 25 watt either.  God, where in the hell was the spotlights?  He could hardly make out anything.
Once breakfast was had and Sherlock was in the shower, John wandered downstairs.  He looked at the front door, wondering if it was warm outside and then turned and headed towards Mrs Hudson’s flat.  He tried the door. Unsurprisingly, it was unlocked. He went inside and checked to make sure the back door and the windows were secure and then perused her book shelf in the living room.  Noticing an author he was familiar with, he plucked out the book ‘
“I have the feet in the freezer” he said around a mouthful of food and it occurred to John that Sherlock was eating with more gusto than usual.
“Text me the details, I’ll be there when we’ve finished.  Shut the door on your way out” he managed to pant out, yet still sounding all high and mighty.
“How do I know you’re not the one who killed the women?” Greg asked, although he already knew the answer.
“No, it’s not.”
“Just a second” he called to the doctors retreating back and the man stopped and turned to face Greg.
“Of, course we were engaged, John.  I asked you the first night we had sex.”
“I’m not finished this one” he replied.
“It was the shoes that gave it away” the skinny man continued  looking back to Greg and cutting off Greg’s reprimand to Donovan, as if he hadn’t stopped his initial speil to out Donovan’s activities.  “According to the footprints,
"Oh" I say.  "I'll sleep on the couch then."
It was as Greg was about to tell him to go home and get some rest, when Donovan strolled up to him and, with a smirk on her face, opened her mouth and spoke.
Sherlock hissed as he was forced to flex his shoulders back.  Greg ignored him.
of cool air accompanies it.  Brief as it is, I sigh and automatically sway forward.  Johns air-conditioning is marvellous.
“No you weren’t.  You have been starting at the same diagram for the proposed update for the  Redbridge roundabout for the past fifteen minutes.”
“Right, I’ll leave you two to it, shall I” Greg said, his amusement at Sherlock’s uncomfortableness growing.
“Ah, Detective Inspector Lestrade” the man greeted formally, his voice vaguely familiar.
Donovan just shrugged and walked away.  Greg got onto locating the victims phone.
Day one goes smoothly.  Nothing to worry about.  Everything is going to be fine.
Slowly, his palm rubbed over the bulge, as he guiltily continued his fantasy.
~~~~~~~~~~
“You can’t.  I already told Mycroft we are going to his.”
Greg huffed out a sigh.  God, this damn man and his peculiarities.  “Fine.  I’ll see you there.”
Well, that answered those questions.  Yes, the two of them were shagging, and yes, John Watson topped.
I go to open my mouth and tell Mrs Hudson that I shall not be paying rent until my apartment is of a more inhabited, humane, temperature.  I was also going to ask about recompensation as several of my experiments were ruined and had to be thrown out, but before I can say any of this a thought strikes my brain.  A beautiful, wonderful non-brain melting thought.  I can only blame the heat form making my brain sweaty and sloshy for not thinking it earlier.
John's not okay.
I frown.  What an awful suggestion, and not very friend like at all.
“Sherlock, what are you doing?”
Sherlock frowned.  That wasn’t right. There should be more to it than
"Maybe we should wait until the air-conditioning has been repaired though.  I don't think we should expose Rosie to the fiery pits of hell just yet."
Not even a week and they were beginning to crack.  God, the next eight days were going to be hell.
” followed by a gasp, came through his speakers.
Before I get a chance to become indignant, John speaks.
He rounded the edge of the hotel, the idea that he would go sit on the edge of the pool and soak his feet.  He knew that the pool was closed for the evening, seeing as it was past midnight, but he also noted that the owners didn’t actually lock the gate.
Without another thought, I toe off my she's and using my practically prehensile toes, take off my socks too.  While my feet are at work at the bottom of my body, my hands start to work at the top and I quickly undo the buttons on my shirt.  I drop everything where it falls and soon, I am standing in the middle of Johns living room in nothing at all and had I thought his air conditions was wonderful before, it is pure ambrosia now.  Yes, it is ambrosia because I can taste it on my tongue and smell it in my nostrils and it. Is. Marvellous.
“All bodies have been found in disused factories and warehouses, nowhere near their place of residence or place of work.  None of them had any traces of drugs or alcohol in their system.  They were killed at the site they were found, which means they either came here of their own free will or were coerced by the killer.  Without a look at their personal effects or a decent look at the actual crime-scene it would be hard to say which.  They put up a fight, so if the killer was someone they knew, it wasn’t someone they trusted, otherwise there would have been less damage done to the bodies.”
“How many times do I have to tell you not to go after these guys alone.”
Sherlock tipped his head back so he could give Greg that look he got when he thought people were being purposely obtuse.  “Felding is innocent, it was his wife and Finnegan hid the evidence in his neighbours chimney.  Shut the door and enjoy the rest of your evening, Lestrade.”
~~~~~~~~~~
The hint was unreceived.
"Hmm?" he answers sleepily, his forehead resting against my shoulder.
Another groan sounded from the pile, just as quiet as the first one.
Lestrade walked past the empty office cubicles towards the elevator, making sure he left the door open.  One final up yours to Sherlock Holmes before he went home.
“Well, you introduced us, for one but you have also been keeping him occupied while I was away” John said with a genuine smile.  “You have no idea how comforting it has been to know that he has had things to distract from the noise in his head, that and, the few times I was here, I had to try and keep him from getting himself killed - I know what you put up with.”
It doesn't take long but soon there is a noise from the other side of the door and it swings open and Mrs Hudson is there looking far too perky for someone who should also be melting.  Maybe she is Satan.  It would answer a few questions.
It had been a while since he had allowed himself to do this, and judging by the amount that he was already leaking, it wasn’t going to take long.
“Yes, please do, and don’t come back unless it is with at least a seven.”
The room falls into absolute silence.  I realise I have stopped breathing.  Despite what almost everyone thinks, I am not new to sex.  What I am new to is bed sharing.  Especially with your platonic friends with which you have unrequited non-platonic feelings for because clearly, despite there being some bi-sexual activities in the past, your friend does not return said non-platonic feelings.  That leaves me completely unprepared as to what to do next.  Do I just let John sleep on?  Maybe he will role back over.  Maybe he will wake up and not be absolutely mortified.  Do I hug back?  Is it a hug if done with the legs?  Can you hug without your arms?  Surely you must be able to.  Otherwise, how would amputees manage?  If I hug back, will John wake up?  If he does, and is furious, can I use the defence that he hugged first?  Will that make things okay?
“Are they all dead?” John asked, looking up at the photos that were tacked to the walls.
I am glad he is in a good mood. It will hopefully make him more likely to agree to my next request.
(See the end of the chapter for
The doctor smiled.  “It was either you or a choice between an obese woman on a gopher, the young mother holding a baby or  the old gentleman who looks like he died a week ago” he said, leaning in to practically whisper in Gregs ear.
“Leave” the man said, not even looking at the woman.  Right then and there, Greg decided that Sherlock was definitely gay, because no straight man could ignore breasts, that big and bouncy, when they were practically thrust in ones face.
He was also pleasantly surprised that Mycroft seemed pleasantly surprised to see him also.
"Can we do this again sometime?" I ask.  I bite my lip, waiting for his answer.  Am I asking to much?  Was this a one time thing?  Is this actually him just apologising for eating all the green skittles?
~~~~~~~~~~
Sherlock turned back to John.  “Yes. That shouldn’t come as a surprise to you.  I am bored frequently. There are holes in the living room to attest to that.” At this, his hand waved towards the smiley face above their couch.   John looked in that direction and gave a resigned sort of sigh.
“Fine.  Which one is yours?” he asked, looking towards the police cars that were parked in front of the building.  “Never mind” he said. The DI was going to tell him that there was no way he was getting into Greg’s car.  He had already ruined a pair of perfectly good shoes.  The upholstery would take forever to stop smelling like vomit, but before Greg could say any of this, the man was opening the passenger door of Greg’s car and sliding into the front seat.
Carefully, my hand goes down to where Johns hand is clamped on my hip and I try and pry it off of my body but I am unsuccessful.  All I manage to is to get John to grip tighter and mumble '
“Preference?” he asked John.
The man just gave Greg a disapproving frown and kept walking forward and Greg just shrugged as a pulled a cigarette from the small box and slipped it into his mouth as he stepped out into the cool night air.
"Sherlock.  The cot is smaller than the couch."
“Murder, rape, human trafficking?”
.' Again, I hold my breath.
“There were no traces of blood or semen, from the victims or the killer and no evidence that the bodies had been molested in anyway.  Cause of death was strangulation and then they had their necks snapped once they stopped breathing.”
John momentarily stopped making the tea and looked over to Sherlock, a slight crease of confusion between his eyes.  Or it could have been annoyance, Sherlock was never sure with this one. “Huh?” he asked.
“High risk for you, not me.  You don’t do well, John, with being left sedentary, especially with the same person to keep you company.  And while it’s true that I get bored easily on a normal day, that is because on a normal day there is potential for something interesting to be happening.  I knew from the onset that that wasn’t going to be the case and prepared myself for it.  I can sit for prolonged periods of time so long as there is something to entertain my mind.”
Mrs Hudson scowls and snatches her hand back.  "The air-conditioning company are quite busy and won't be able to make it until Wednesday afternoon."
after every deduction.  That, and the fact that Sherlock had a raging crush on his flatmate, but that was better left to be examined at a never point in time.
“Alright, alright” Greg said, cutting Sherlock off and tugging on Darcy’s collar.  “We’re leaving, just, keep it private from now on, boys, alright.”
John was grinning and giggling as he held two handfuls of Sherlocks arse in his hands.  Meanwhile, Sherlock had his own hands braced on Johns knees and was happily bouncing away as sweat formed on his forehead.
"Okay Sherlock" he says.  Well, that was less of an argument then I thought it would be.  Maybe he didn't understand that I meant permanently.  So, I tell him.
“Sherlock!”
“Me?” Sherlock asked.  “It was never going to be a problem with me.  I can easily occupy myself.  You, on the other hand...”
“No, I don’t.”
I bristle at being treated like a child, but John is in a mood and chooses to ignore my very obvious bristling.  "First, if you drive me so nutty, then leave."
“Oh, god yes” John replied, wrapping his fingers around Johns.
"Water will be perfectly acceptable" I tell him, sitting down at his kitchen table and ignoring his own melt down.  That will teach him for ignoring mine.  Clearly, he doesn't think this should be ignored.
John had his next shot without Sherlock picking up the cards.
"Yes, John" I answer quietly, trying my hardest not to move, waiting for the inevitable.
I would just like to say that, until I looked up the Great British Bake Off, I had never heard of Mary Berry.  I have no idea if she is a awful, awful hag or not, but for some reason, John doesn't like her. In real life, I am sure she is lovely.
~~~~~~~~~~
Monday night the two of them were laying in bed, John encircled in Sherlock’s arms as the two of them listened to the quietness that surrounded them, barely there shadows danced against the darkened ceiling, whenever a car drove past.
A gasp escaped his lips, as he let his fingers extend down, on a down stroke, to brush over his sack.
John broke a piece of the cake of with the small fork that was next to the plate and Sherlock was so distracted by the way it slid into his mouth and at how his lips closed over the fork that he almost forgot to gauge Johns reaction.
John looked down at the book, not even bothering to question how Sherlock knew what he had been reading with barely a glance in his direction and conceded that yes, Sherlock was probably having a better time than him.
“Really guys?  In here?” Greg let out in an exasperated tone as he took in John, sitting on a stool, his back against the supply cupboard, While Sherlock, pants hanging off one ankle, was riding him.  “There are dead bodies in here!”
Greg sighed and ran a hand through his hair.  It wasn’t this grey when he first met Sherlock.
"You naked?" he asks sleepily.  I feel the mortification light my face on fire.  I have never felt ashamed of my nudity before.  Now I wish for layers of clothing; my suits and scarf and coat, despite the heat which is slowly increasing on my body as shame spreads through every pore.
John continued to stroke himself with his left hand while using his right to fondle his balls, squeezing and releasing in time with his strokes, the fantasy continuing to play out in his head.
“We need to get this perfect” Sherlock replied and threw the flowers into the fire, ignoring Johns odd look of what almost looked like confusion.
“You are joking, right?”
“Come on” he grumbled under his breath, stamping his feet against the cold.  “Answer your bloody door.”
Again, Mycroft smiled that not smile and gave a short bow of his head.  “I’ll be sure to let him know.”
"Sherlock" she gasps, when she no -doubt takes in my state of complete undress, but I don't care.
Sherlock’s face went from one of annoyed to one of surprise. “You recycle the stolen presents.”
He swept the torch back over what he had originally thought was a bundle of old rags and took a step closer.  Sure enough, sticking out from the old, stained blanket was a hand, far too skinny and pale than a living person’s hand had any right to be.
"Sometimes when we cuddle" I ask and he lets out an amused sounding
John tried to push the image away.
She reaches out and pats my arm.  "You'll survive dear.  Why don't you have a cool shower.  That worked last time."
Sherlock had never, in his whole entire life, actually felt boneless.  Not when he had paid three kids to spin him super fast on the wizzy-dizzy to see how long it was before he threw up an entire bag of fairy floss (the answer to that question is forever.  Apparently, unlike Mycroft, Sherlock has an iron stomach), nor when he had his first sexual experience at the age of twelve when he decided he would see what all the boys in the school bathrooms were getting excited about (and while masturbation had been quite nice, it certainly hadn’t been anything to write home about, in more sense than one).  He had never felt this way when he had experienced drugs for the first time, (they had left him bouncing, lazy, moody, sick, philosophical, but never boneless), and definitely not with any other sexual experience at the hands of another person (which had been far and few between and while pleasant, never mind-blowingly so).
“Yes, preferably when I’m not on the verge of…”
“I deleted anything that had to do with boarding school, including ties” Sherlock said, batting Gregs hands out of the way when he went to smooth Sherlock’s hair.  Greg grinned.  He knew it would get a reaction to try and touch those curls.
John leads the way out of the kitchen and through the living room.  Presumably, he needs to change and get a pillow to sleep on.
Again, he smiled up at Sherlock.
“If you must know, Sergeant Donovan, the wedding ring is mine.”
Sherlock stood up, stripped his gloves and turned to face Greg.  “I am assuming you can go on from here.  I’m not sure why you even called me.”
That made Greg feel better.
When nothing came to mind he looked at John, back to reading the book that
First off, he refused to see the medic who had come via Donovan’s summons.
Greg tried to think where he would have met this man but for the life of him, he couldn’t place it.
Maybe.
Again, John looked mortified.  “I thought you said the door was locked?”
The noise of outside, distant traffic was the only sound to be heard as Greg took in the man’s words.  What the hell was he on about?  He had been about to tell Greg how he knew the murderer had polio. He then looked to Donovan, who looked like she could commit murder herself.
“The music to be played is a compilation of your favourite pieces that I play for you.  The cake is the orange one that you liked. Although, to be fair, Watson was very fond of that one too.  Every step of the planning involved you.”
“A wedding?”
John bit the bottom corner of his lip,  Swearing wasn’t going to help this situation.  It wasn’t that he was unaware of house rules but Sherlock seemed to be making them up as he went.
If that wasn’t a dismissal then Greg didn’t know what was. With a nod of his head, Greg turned to leave.  He stopped at the bottom of the stairs, feeling like he should go up and check on Sherlock, but then he heard Mrs Hudson mothering the younger man and felt better about leaving him alone and he continued his way out onto the street.
“What?”  This came from both Greg and Donovan.
"Frequently" I say miserably and my misery is not to do with the heat anymore.
“Hey, Greg” John slurred happily and giggled again.  Sherlock wasn’t so cheerful.
"Whenever you want" John replies.  He sounds relaxed and not at all surprised that I want to cuddle. I like that about John.  He just accepts me.  It's a nice feeling.  I couldn't have found a better person to want to cuddle had I set out to do it myself.  I must remember to thank Mike for bringing me John.  It was a fine move on his behalf.  I might even stop stealing his passes to the labs.
The change was instant.  The term ‘G
Greg was pleasantly Surprised to see Mycroft Holmes, while he was out walking his dog.
-believable.
Sherlock sunk lower in his chair, his scowl deepening on his face as he desperately tried to think of what he could blow up on the 5th November that would a) keep John by his side and b) not get him arrested.
“Oh, shit” Greg muttered under his breath.  This couldn’t be good.
Within a few steps both men were standing in front of Greg and Greg got a good look at this new man, Sherlocks husband.
Things are looking up inside 221 B Baker Street.  All is fine again.
’.  By the look of the guy, it could be either or.  He was clearly off his tits, if the track marks up his bare arms and uneven pupils was anything to go by but then, take away the bruising and the sallow skin and the guy was a right looker; angled features, plush lips, dark curls, albeit in desperate need of a wash.  As Greg got closer, he realised that the hair wasn’t the only thing in need of a wash.  He was only two feet away from the man and he could smell him.  He wasn’t rank, but he smelled by no means pleasant either.
Mycroft was concerned. The Watson’s flat was in complete darkness. The kitchen and living room were devoid of all light, including the Christmas lights that were usually placed on every evening. The hall light was also out and while Mycroft had not gone as far as putting a camera in John’s bedroom or bathroom, it was clear that no light was coming from those rooms either.
“You know what I think, don’t you” she said as Sherlock passed her by.
“What’s different about this one?” Sherlock asked, looking around at everything but Greg and not acknowledging that he had brought his husband along to the crime scene with him.
Greg had made it a life rule that, unless it were actually a last resort, he’d never hit a woman, or anyone smaller than him, but right now, he was willing to break both those rules and punch Sally Donovan in the fucking mouth.
Greg thundered up the stairs, thankful that Mrs Hudson was a night owl, because Sherlock Holmes was not answering his bloody phone.
"Yes, John?" I answer waiting for him to tell me to leave.
“Wouldn’t dream of it” Greg replied, letting Sherlock usher him hurriedly out of the flat.  “You two have a good night” he called over his shoulder, with a cheeky wink and chuckled when Sherlock slammed the door closed.
“Wonderful observation, Donovan.  I can see why you decided to become a police officer.”  Sherlocks tone was flat, as it usually was when he couldn’t bothered being sarcastic towards the sergeant.
“What bands do you like?” Sherlock asked as John headed into the kitchen.
Sherlock looked up from what he was doing to see that John was holding Watson a bit tighter than he normally would.  Her squirming and frown was a clear indication that this was not appreciated on her behalf.
“Good, I need to go, like I said, 52 more kids to go and only three hours until sunrise.” John felt guilty at feeling relieved at being able to go, to be able to leave this awkward situation but his guilt was just going to have to wait. He was almost back at the chimney when Sherlock stopped him, his annoyed tone sounding more normal than it had all night.
Sherlock shrugged.  He thought it had been rather obvious.
There was only one left for John to sample.  The orange and berry with dark chocolate.
“No” Greg snapped.  “You don’t get to pull that fucking shit on me, do you hear” Greg said sternly, but quietly enough that only Sherlock could hear him.  Sherlock’s face slackened and his whole body seemed to droop.
A few minutes later, he walked into the kitchen, shoveling food from the bowl into his mouth.
Two boys locked in a room.  Things are bound to progress.
I am not sure how long I have been laying here, on my back, staring up at the darkened ceiling whilst having a mental internal crisis, deciding on whether I should get up and try and make use of the floor or just stay and suffer my self-made misery but soon the option is taken away from me.  John snuffles in his sleep, lets out a muffled giggle and then moans my name, all before he shuffles closer and hooks a leg over my shins, pulling my lower half closer to his.
I consider Johns words, and it occurs to me that I may possibly not have thought this through properly.  I get up, go to the living room and put my pants back on.  When I return to the kitchen, there is a glass of cold water waiting for me and John seems much calmer.
The man held out his hand.  “Mycroft Holmes” he introduced.  “We have spoken on the phone, several times.”
Sherlock let out a groan of frustration.  “John. Apart from the photographers, you have made every decision.”
“Someone helping me put up shelves”
“Cake” she called, reaching her arms up to the food, from her spot on the living room floor demanding the cake to come to her, rather than go and attempt to get it herself.
Greg dug into his pocket and pulled out an evidence bag with a wallet inside.  “I do believe this is yours” he said, dangling it up in front of the consulting pain in the arse.  “Unless there is another posh looking git going by the name of William Sherlock…”
"Good" he snuffles and then he does go back to sleep.  I can hear it in the way his breathing deepens and evens out.
“Oh, Lestrade.  I thought I recognised the dog” Came Sherlock’s voice, completely unfazed that he was caught without his pants, pushed up against a tree with his legs wrapped around John Watson’s waist.
Greg grinned.
Good.  Yes, I suppose that is one way to sum it up.  Bloody fucking fantastic is another way, but there is still a chance that John will wake up properly in the morning and still kick me out of his bed and also out of his life.
You see, the problem is this.  Sleeping is me at my most vulnerable.  When I am asleep I have no control over what my body does, nor what my mouth says.  And should I go to sleep in Johns bed, with Johns smell in my nostrils and Johns body within reach, I am not sure that my lustful desires, that have slowly built to rival even those in the trashy romance novels that
Greg gave John a nod.  “Well, when you put it like that” and both men smiled.
The woman was still there, now talking to Donovan.
"There is water or juice, if you are wanting a ....holy fucking hell Sherlock.  Where the fuck are your pants!?"
Just after six, John called Rosie while he set about preparing stir-fry for dinner.  He felt a pang of longing as she told him about all that she had done with the Holmes parents.  When he hung up the phone, he told himself it was for the best.  Just until this virus had passed.  She was safer.
“Sunflowers, if you must know.  Why?”
Jesus, he had thought that with John on morphine while recovering from a stab wound, he’d be safe from all that.  Clearly he was wrong.
Smoking, sneakiness and sulking ensue as cabin pressure starts really taking its toll.
“I’m going to take you home” Greg said.  Sherlock went to protest, but Greg put his foot down.  “No, you are going to come with me, I am going to take you home.  You are going to eat and sleep and then, when you have slept for several hours, you are going to shower.  Then, you are going to sort out whatever the hell is wrong.  Understand?”
There was no answer.
"If you want to" he replies.  I stop biting my lip and smile.
toddler is currently asleep, and most likely will be for at least another hour, thirdly,when my
"But, you said I could sleep in your bed."
“Oh, for fucks...Sally” he called and his Sergeant came over from where she was directing another officer.  “I’m taking this one up to the hospital.  You’re in charge” he told her, suddenly feeling very tired.
He handed the card over to the doctor.
He had come to the crime scene and looked around.  Not much had left his mouth but what had, had been mumbled.  Except for the insults.  Despite being fewer of them, they were a lot harsher and because, despite what Sherlock said, his team was smart, everyone kept out of Sherlocks way.  Everyone, except for fucking Donovan.
“I’m sure Mrs Hudson wouldn’t agree.”
“Look at his social calendar - and he will have one, more than likely on his phone - for his movements before time of death.  If he had nothing on, look at either his lover or work colleagues.  If he had an appointment, either work or pleasure, check CCTV footage.  Who ever it was would have followed him.  This wasn’t an unplanned or spontaneous attack.  The killer knew exactly what they were doing.”
At this, John looked from Sherlock to the room behind him at all of the bouquets of sunflowers that were around the room.  The green of their ties, Watsons dress and table decorations had been selected to complement the sunflowers.
There was silence and then John laughed.  He couldn’t help it.  After a few seconds Sherlock joined in.
I stop.  What?  Kick me onto the floor?  What the hell does that mean?  John has just made it sound as if we would be sharing a bed.  Surely, I misunderstood and make my way to the bedroom.
Slowly, the figure under the bundle sat up and, squinting in the torch light, slowly brought his hand up to block his eyes from the light.
"John" I start, making myself more comfortable in his kitchen chair.  They are actually a good seat.  I should look into replacing the ones at Baker Street with these ones.  "As usual, you are clearly over reacting..."
Anderson huffed, and walked back out of the flat to see where the technicians were with the floodlights and Greg didn’t miss the smirk that came over Sherlock’s face at Andersons reprimand.
It is only fair they thank the man who finally brought them together.
“God, we are ridiculous,” John said, his giggles eventually subsiding into nothing.
“Don’t make me get Mrs Hudson in on this” Greg warned.  “Do you understand?”
The second was to send a text message telling Sherlock bloody Holmes to sod off.  Nothing for seven weeks, not even a
Why doesn't she sound like she is dying.  She is in her seventies.  This should be effecting her far worse than it is effecting me.
“Why would I be.  I was in there three days ago, looking for evidence.  Who do you think directed Dimmock to the correct location?”  At this a disbelieving laugh left the taller mans mouth.  “God, you don’t actually think he figured it out on his own, did you?”
Thanks for reading and have a great day!
“I’m just trying to figure out how the hell they actually made it worse than before” he said realising as he said it that it wasn’t a complete lie.  The proposed ideas were ridiculous.
“Sherlock, you can’t use skip to get out of picking up the cards.”  Sherlock had copped four draw-2’s in a row and was now laying a skip card to get out of picking up eight cards.
The woman tilted her head to the side.  “You mean like role playing?” She asked.
Surprisingly enough, she didn’t answer, but a man in a three-piece suit and a frown Greg had seen somewhere before, did.
~~~~~~~~~~
Sherlock closed his eyes, the only thing that would move, and was vaguely aware of John saying something.  Concentrating all of his effort and concentration to the oral area of his face Sherlock forced himself to say “Marry me.”  It came out mumbled, but it was out. The response he got was John kissing his shoulder and replying “Always, Sherlock.”
The groan that sounded through the dark was low and pained. Automatically, Mycroft lifted the receiver on his desk phone and hit 04. On the second ring, it answered. Not good enough.
“And what am I supposed to tell the Gilberts?”
“Muchly appreciated.  Was that all?”
When the meal was ready, Sherlock was too preoccupied with a series of photos that he didn’t hear John tell him that the food was ready.  Knowing it was a lost cause to try and get the man’s attention, John placed the bowl of stir-fry next to Sherlock and then headed back into the kitchen to eat his own dinner.
"My complaining clearly drives you nutty.  That on top of a needy toddler is bound to get you into a right fuss" I ignore John clenching his fists at this moment. "Therefore, me minimising the need to complain is evidently going to reduce your stress levels and your afternoon is bound to be a more pleasant one than if I should I put clothing on."
Sherlock turned away again to place his violin back in the case, making a mental note to buy strings, and shrugged his shoulders in a bored, apathetic way.  “You wanted to. I was bored…”
To be fair, John should have seen it coming.  It wasn’t as if Sherlock hadn’t made it abundantly clear that he was arranging their wedding.  So to stand there and practically
"You need to tell me, Sherlock."
Greg glared at Magnus, who raised his arms in surrender but winked saucily back.
“So brunch it is! I just saw Mummy and Daddy outside, tending the garden. Your roses are lovely Mac, too bad the weather here is terrible for them.”
“Sherlock is right, love. Your grandma will freak out if she sees you and will definitely shoot you.”
“No, I think he is just a mundane with the sight.”
“Yes, I thought it was strange that the head healer was crossing this hall at four in the morning. I presume you mean Mycroft Holmes? That’s Sherlock’s brother.”
Sherlock looked surprised at the comment but answered nonchalantly.
Harry’s eyes looked a little glazed like he remembered painful things.
“I hope we finish with this nonsense soon enough, then.”
“The new one has modifications, let me.”
“Yes,
"Hungry?"
At this, Sherlock moved next to John and placed his hand on his shoulder. No words were needed.
“What, him? If he one day gets the honor of meeting Alexander Lightwood, it would do him good knowing he is excellent in bed and all mine.”
"Too bad. She would make a good Minister I think. A little too uptight for the likes of us, but still, a good thing for the magical community."
“Don’t joke now, idiot.”
“Aliens and time travel, it appears.”
Beaming at John calling her Mummy, she then sighed.
"Ahhh, yes, I was a beater on my house team, but you never got to see me play right? I don't know if you ever came to a Quidditch match those months at Hogwarts, but the Weasley twins were already on the House team the year you started. Those two were better than me, Oliver used to say they were like a couple of bludgers themselves just to spite me."
“Oh, is he the one with the long term liaison with a fairy? And a male fairy if I remember correctly?”
“Clearly the vamp is lying. Never trust a vamp, I’ve said it before.”
“I didn’t know James passed. The last of the Scotts.”
“I will call her Olivia.”
John took advantage of the discussion to stand near Sherlock, amazed at how his partner was separating the potion into each of its components.
“You kill me, Johnny boy.”
“What?”
“This is all my fault.”
"Come along, John. I'm not facing these people alone."
“I’ve seen a wall like this, so blood it is?” Harry said louder,
She managed to look surprised; then Hermione seemed like she was reviewing everything she knew about him, and decided to start walking instead. Sherlock and John followed, Sherlock with his mask on, but his eyes were like laser beams on John.
Sherlock shivered when he said that.
“So we use transfiguration again. John, you can do it. You can transfigure something into a muggle weapon.”
“Even so, Camille is dead. And there is no evidence Emilio is going to succeed finding Vittorio before the Fairies mount a full strategy here in London. I would prefer to avoid full Clave involvement on this affair and I really need your support on this.”
“I see.”
“You look like hell, Trevor. Hell in green pants.”
"Those brains are not for torture little brother."
“This is the Shadowhunter Codex. It’s basically their rules. Be careful with that copy.”
The contempt in that little word could destroy bridges. Sherlock noticed and raised an eyebrow in Clara's direction.
"My sister. As you could see, she works here at the Auror office."
"She doesn't know you as I do."
“I would have used a potion for that, you are really talented with the healing spells big brother. I’d forgotten how much of a pleasure it was seeing you work.”
“Ford. We are going to be late, and here you are, fraternising with the enemy.”
John tried to maintain his composure as Sherlock didn’t deny the ‘falling for’ part.
Harry looked at John, clearly surprised he didn’t know that.
“I appreciate some silence, Vic.”
on me as I fell. Victor's abilities came in handy at that moment. Molly provided a corpse, and Victor made a complex
Harry laughed and sipped his tea.
And she stood next to Mary, waiting for her permission before grabbing her arm. Mary seemed to relax when she was standing next to her, and John wondered what was it about that woman that made him feel so lightheaded.
Mycroft lifted his eyebrow but declined to comment on that statement. Instead, he addressed Sherlock.
“Well, this has been a delighting morning, but we need to go back to work. Moran isn’t going to catch himself. Pray, brother dear, where did you leave our prisoner?”
“Where are you taking us lad?”
, you have never killed a man without a good reason to do it, John Watson, either with or without magic. You are a good man."
"Ah, yes, Mr Holmes sent an owl with the invite yesterday. So they came together? Man, I hope everything was said and done there."
John was not good at this. He tried to convey his feelings in those few words, looking back at Sherlock, trying to make him fix his gaze on him. Sherlock gave him a sad smile he had only seen a few times before.
Sherlock absentmindedly pulled another one from his coat and gave it to him, as he exited the room, turning to climb the stairs two at a time.
John grabbed his phone and called Mycroft's direct line.
"Interesting. But perhaps it's better if you start asking questions first."
times, back here to London? Oh, I so look forward to this. You know I’m not bound by the Accords in this case. His crimes against mundanes and everyone else for that matter are reason enough for me to put a wooden arrow through his chest. He comes back and it’s hunting time. I didn’t know his spawn lived here. God knows I had enough with Camille. And now you are telling me there’s two of them? I thought Camille was Vittorio’s only child.”
“Sure, I’ll be in the seating room if you need me.”
Alissa said, undoubtedly thinking about what she could give the wall that would let her pass to the other side.
“Next time, warn me about the self-cleaning robes, you prick.”
John started concentrating, the three Ds again in his mind, aiming for the outside of the warehouse. He could feel the tug, so he stopped using his wand, concentrating all of his magic on getting them out of there.
“I really think you should think this over mate.”
"You see, you leave, and this is what I have to deal with every single day. My patience is running thin."
"John we are going to perform a Fidelius charm on the place in Cornwall. Not even the Auror office is going to be able to find it without your previous consent since you are going to be secret-keeper. However, I strongly suggest you let Dennis and Gabrielle in the loop, so they can properly look after your wife and child."
“Shit. Sherlock!”
Alissa reappeared through the fireplace, holding a pile of books in her hands. John moved to relieve the pregnant lady from her burden, and she smiled at him as he took half of the collection. They spread the contents over Mycroft's desk. Sherlock took one look at them and grabbed an old, battered-looking volume with no title. It didn't look valuable at all.
“This is my partner, Sherlock Holmes.”
They walked into the NICU, and Mycroft’s phone rang. He answered in the doorway, and Alissa stayed outside with her husband. He hung up and then went to speak to the rest of the group.
“Dead? No, he knows I will come back.”
John pulled out his wand, pointing it at his friend for the first time. He performed the spell, and he felt good as Sherlock's unfocused eyes seemed to relax when they saw it was him. He looked completely at ease, trusting John had to do the spell, apparently recognising the magical effects. John felt humbled that the man believed in him that much.
“Yes, I can see them, but I think everything is safe. I’m usually able to see ghosts.”
“And if anyone is at fault for your current appearance, it would be her. Damned Missy, I just hope this one is her last regeneration and the Universe can finally be rid of her.”
“Amazing.”
John almost rolled his eyes at him, but he knew Mycroft meant business. Hermione Granger would have his head on a plate if Sherlock started using and brewing illegal potions again. He released Sherlock and handed him his wand instead. Sherlock looked at John like he was some a knight in white armour who just released him from a tower prison. He held his wand reverently in his hand, before conjuring a silver holder, attaching it to his arm. He then touched his Belstaff, which transformed into the grey robes he undoubtedly favoured.
Sherlock kept looking at John as he said this, a little doubt trickling over his careful mask. John just smiled at him, drinking his coffee.
Harry looked nervous; he was not one used to not being in control, not used to surprises he couldn’t overcome with his magical training.
“Underground.”
Sherlock sat back down, and looked back at John before saying,
"The Book of Emerging Forth into the Light?"
the British Government.”
"Sherlock. The guests, love. Not 'people'."
, John."
"I don't even know her properly. I can't be 'worried', or 'jealous' or anything. It's just, well, you know how hard it is for me to click with people."
“Pleasure to meet the famous detective. Harry and me, we follow your antics on John’s blog all the time.”
“Not here, Sherlock. Wait until we are back home. I promise I will explain everything. I don’t care if your brother tries to kill me.”
“Ah, yes, let’s go somewhere more private, shall we?”
"We should ask Perce to link the fireplace here while the investigation is open. In fact," she produced a silvery eagle from her wand and repeated the message, "I'm going to do it right now. I don't feel like going down a toilet or telephone box for your benefit, brother."
“By visitors I suppose you mean your siblings?”
“Good, you are ready Miff, we are leaving.”
pencil and paper”, and soon said items appeared flying through the dining room doorway. He took the fork, and removed the plate, and placed the pencil and paper in front of his wife.
John almost laughed at the silliness of the conversation, wondering how his partner, with his usual cutting manner and cold exterior, could have befriended one of the purest souls in the magical world, whose innocence and child-like wonder had not changed after a gruelling war and the long years of rebuilding after it.
Victor had adjusted his trousers to look exactly like the pair John was wearing right now.
Sherlock seemed reassured, and they walked again together to the pensieve. Sherlock looked at John's hand; he seemed unsure that he was allowed to reach for it this second time, so John took the lead and grasped his. It was clumsy, not the usual hand holding with interlinking fingers, but an unsure contact. He shouldn't even indulge in this, he thought, he is, in fact, a married man with a pregnant wife waiting for him at home. Sherlock emptied the content of the second vial in the silvery bowl, and John touched the liquid with the tip of his wand.
Sherlock looked at his brother, a question in his eyes. He hero-worshiped the eleven-year-old boy, who was now on his way to attend one of England’s finest public schools. He couldn’t believe his brother was being cruel on purpose.
“You moron. Whatever you are implying, get it out of your brain. He is my friend. He is my
Mycroft turned, with a look of quiet amusement in his face that made John want to punch him in the nose. To be fair, Mycroft caused that visceral reaction on John more often than not.
"Department of Magical Law Enforcement, some obscure office, like Misuse of Muggle Artifacts. Pretend to file a complaint or something."
“Would you do that? Be a godmother? Wouldn’t you prefer godfather?”
Oliver hugged him, and he grabbed Harry’s arm.
', he wondered how she managed to befriend a Holmes and marry the other.
“St. Mungo’s. Tentacula poisoning. And we must be going. It was a little too much for our friend here too.”
“It’s for the best,
He extended his hand, and as Sherlock stood to shake it, he grabbed him into a hug. Molly walked and hugged him too, planting a kiss on his left cheek. Lestrade hugged John after that, and Molly just smiled at him, as she moved to take Greg's hand once again.
“Suit yourself.”
John smiled at Victor, who was now beaming his way.
“Yes. It was your baby.”
"Layers of the spirit realm?"
"On the same page as always. Anything else we can gather here? Should we send the rest of the team to retrieve the bodies? Do we need to notify any next of kin?"
“Crazy git. So that is why you survived?”
“It’s like their embassy. They have them everywhere so they can control the demon plague. There is one right here in London.”
"Hermione, Sherlock didn't know. We just found each other lurking at Diagon Alley. You know I haven't used magic for almost 20 years now. We were going to talk to Mycroft about that now."
I know I promised an update midweek but real life got hectic, you can visit my Tumblr if you want to know what I mean. Just FYI I'm a terrible person, sorry, but I did post this short (again, short, I'm sorry, this one was already written this way) chapter.
“Let me see them,
"You told him?"
“Puddlemere United.”
"Sherlock Holmes. I don't want Victor Trevor involved for a second in this case. And that is my final word on that. If you insist on it, I'll rather hand the whole thing to Harry, even if it means I'll be sleeping on the sofa for the next week or so."
"Deputy Head Granger-Weasley. To what do I owe the honour of being addressed by the Head of Magical Law enforcement? I don't believe I have broken any wizarding laws recently."
“What the hell are you talking about Sherlock?”
“Mummy, lots of people?”
John felt slightly nauseous at the term of endearment falling from Sherlock's lips. It felt surreal. This version of his friend was not the cold Sherlock he used to know. He wondered if he even knew the man for real.
Mycroft snorted, something so unlike him that Sherlock looked at him and blinked a couple of times.
“Bite me, sunshine.”
He gave John his wand, and John examined it, judging by Victor’s tale it was a priceless magical artefact.
"Luna. That is cruel John; I expected better from you."
The final showdown, and Sherlock gets to show off his skills as a potion master. Some truths are revealed and finally things seem to be brighter for one John Watson.
“You are one to talk, William Sherlock Scott Holmes-Verlac.”
“I’m impressed you only got three cases. She got five out of Tum and me. Well, we didn’t have to apologise.”
Moran hissed at the detective and threw a killing curse, and Sherlock barely deflected it. One of Victor’s curses hit him, and his wand arm started bleeding profusely. He placed black flames around Alissa, almost burning Sherlock with them, as he turned his attention back to John and Victor, throwing killing curses all around him like a madman. He didn’t fear death, because his body was far away, safe from harm. They needed to get him alive.
The next morning, he woke up to a very amorous and cuddly consulting detective who seemed to have demands on him. Who has him to deny Sherlock anything? They indulged, slow and gentle, not caring about morning breath or anything else at all. When they finally left the room, after a long, decadent shower, it was almost midday. John felt a little neglectful of his parental duties, and he was weighing the value of getting a good brunch before leaving for the hospital. Mycroft was nowhere to be seen, and John assumed the man had managed to evade his wife again and was back at work, either at the Ministry of Magic or at wherever the hell his office was in the muggle world.
A cold voice, that seemed far away even as he was standing just a couple meters from them, replied,
“Ah, yes, Sherlock, come with me.”
“Gentlemen, we are here.”
He looked thoroughly defeated.
"I sincerely don't want to know how."
on the door, but not the handle. It remained stubbornly closed.
“This will have all you need to know.”
He pointed his wand at the torn seams, took a glance at his books, looked again and said,
"Moriarty wanted YOU, wanted you like that??" he spat.
"It was so much better when I could do it myself."
"Well, not everybody can be part of a Golden Trio."
“No darling, I could not. But you shouldn’t see him either, love.”
“Wife went into labour. Get Sherlock; we are leaving.”
"Well, I was in the same class of one your distant relations, Percy Weasley."
“Sure,
“You don’t want that ugly thing off?”
"Exactly."
“So, aside from warlocks, they are the only immortal beings in this Shadow World of yours?”
Alissa nodded in agreement, as tears fell from her eyes. She wiped them, pulled out her wand and said,
“Mmm, I see.”
“Oh, but Grandfather will be so cross.”
“I really don’t think so, Uncle My, you know Mama and Papa were not as tall as you are! And aren’t Shadowhunters supposed to be very strong? Auntie Molly says they are strong and that I have to be careful because most of them are bad people. But
“But thanks. The intention is what counts, right?”
“You noticed, kudos to you, Dr. Watson. Gregory Lestrade is, unfortunately, part of the Shadow World.”
John's arm stiffed a little, and he sensed Alissa watching his reaction. Great, now two people can stare at him and read his every move. She seemed genuinely interested.
“A bit late for that.”
"Oh yes, they were a hoot those boys. Oliver and me, we always complained we got stuck with Percy in our room, but then, at least we managed to get sleep. Those twins were forces of nature, both of them whirlwinds. I could never imagine one without the other. I was shocked to hear Fred was one of the fallen in the Battle of Hogwarts. I can't imagine what George felt. Well, I almost can, but no, different context."
“I understand. You respected your partner’s wishes. I’ll send word to my mother immediately. Will I see you tomorrow for dinner? Or you would rather mourn your partner with a clear mind, now that the curse lifted.”
John laughed and pulled his partner out of the ballroom.
Sherlock huffed at him, extending the pen to the rest of the group. Everybody placed at least a finger on it, and soon enough John felt the familiar pull on his navel. He opened his eyes, to find himself in the middle of the desert, outside of the city of El Paso, Texas.
Well, something other than death had separated them in life, but in death he will be buried right beside him.
"Auntie?"
They went to wash their hands and put their robes.
She kept her eyes fixed on John when she said that.
“Easy. They were human once, and chose to live on as parasites. Forever. They are immortal too.”
Just a little background for people who are not in TMI, TID and TDA fandom:
It was starting to get dark outside, while Harry and Alissa planned their positions for the ambush.
“The plan is a go if he accepts it. He will have to, though, if he wants to use his wand today. He was going to borrow his mother’s wand for the night.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"You can, you know it. I need to convince you properly."
“I’ll think about it.”
"When I touched the ground, there was a portkey waiting for me to take me to Baker Street. I got rid of the assassin lurking after Mrs Hudson and left Alissa and Victor to handle the rest, with the help of my brother. Victor eliminated the one set on you, Mycroft dealt with the one after Lestrade himself, and Alissa obliviated the rest of the participants, every member of the homeless network, every passing muggle, even Molly."
Just like that, all the scars disappeared.
Hope you liked it, and you can visit me at tumblr, same url as my handle here if you want to chat.
"Yes, I am a doctor, and I was a soldier. I also happen to be a wizard. Come on, deduce away, you have a new fact now, work your magic."
Magnus waved his way, rings glittering in his hand.
“Mycroft was clearly lying, Sherlock. He asked me before to keep this from you, you remember the conversation from the day you came back?”
“Gideon will murder you if you take a mundane to the Institute.”
"Alissa."
The same woman from the picture was standing next to Harry Potter. John sees his hair immediately. He was wearing dark brown wizarding robes, opened at the front, with half of a muggle suit with a waistcoat under it. It looked like Harry was wearing a trench coat more than robes, in fact, the man looked like the Tenth Doctor from Dr Who. His hair was all over the place, and he still had his round-rimmed glasses. The woman was wearing burgundy wizarding robes, her hair concealed under a tignon. They walked side by side, and Harry was about to enter through the fence before he thought better of it and took out his wand.
The group goes to meet with London's Packmaster, and alliances are revealed. Sherlock gains new insight on the running of the werewolf pack. Mycroft and Greg don't see eye to eye.
“I don’t know where we are going, so you’ll have to take me side-along.”
“Swallow it. Don’t let a drop fall.”
“This is almost too easy. Wizards always forget that I’ve lived as a muggle almost all my life.”
"See anything you like?"
“Mmm, yes.”
"She knew what I did for a living now. She might have left some clues on the books if she felt she was a target."
“Well?”
Sherlock glanced at him, like daring him to say something about the strange occurrence. Soon enough, the doors of the box opened and a lovely black woman, with clothes that looked from the eighties, and a young man that could be not more than 20, with a long overcoat and dark trousers with suspenders started peaking outside the box. John wished he had his gun downstairs, not stashed hidden somewhere in his room.
And just like that, the terrible monologue was cut short, with a bullet shot right at the wrist holding the man’s weapon.
“It has to be me, you see. A bit of forewarning to anyone who knows what I can do. I  mostly acquire this ability voluntarily, as you are giving it to me now. I thought it was fair that I needed to be myself to do it. Many trained wizards will recognize me, so at least they know who they’re facing. It evens the playing field a little.”
“Detective Inspector Lestrade, brother.”
"Did they called you Four Houses Watson those days? I believe it sounds a lot better than Three Continents Watson."
“You too, Mr Wood.”
“I won’t ask how you know, but yes, she texted this morning. She is doing a piece on the South African Quidditch team for the Prophet. Albus and Lily are staying at The Burrow.”
“You know the way. We had her moved to one of the first incubators, so you both can come in to visit her.”
"John. Have a seat. I believe you have some questions, but my brother probably told you everything there is to know."
“Myc, are you hurt?”
"Excuse me? Luna. It is you."
“I need to go back to the office; I trust you two will be fine?”
. John sighed.
“Do we want a whole team of aurors on this?”
"Tum, just to remind you, you can't invite people to the manor as you see fit. John, you are welcome to join us, tomorrow at Percy's too if you want."
“That girl is going to need a good female role model growing around with the likes of you as her parents.”
“Well,
“Oh John, she is just like you! When you were little, whenever I told you a story, the lights would start acting wonky.”
“That was the reason you stayed out of touch all those years? I thought you hated me, and resented you for that.”
“Where is she?”
Rory looked at his husband, who just shrugged.
Gabrielle was still crying next to her former boss. John touched his wand to his temple and offered Sherlock his hand. The detective grabbed it and gave it a barely perceptible squeeze.
"I felt guilty when you fell. I could have stopped it, you see, but I never carry my wand with me anymore. It felt like my parents all over again. Magic failed me, or I failed magic, I failed you, and you killed yourself. I wasn't enough to save you, and I thought many times when you left that maybe if you knew I was a wizard, we could have used my magic to get you out of whatever Moriarty had planned. I thought me keeping" my feelings, John thought, but said instead "that fact to myself contributed to your death."
“All in good time, brother dear. About that terrorist cell? We need you on the case. Now.”
“I’m severely allergic to the venom. One drop, and it wouldn’t have been a normal death, it would have been an anaphylactic shock.”
“Ta, mate. I’m going to take my things upstairs. You boys settle this before I come back.”
“Who knew you were such a romantic.”
"Well, he will be younger than John's girl, and my wife seems to think we won't be sending our son to Hogwarts."
"Mycroft has friends? Now that surprises me."
"Goodbye John. Sherlock."
“To think I didn’t contact you because I didn’t want you to be at risk. And you were fighting your own fights, and risking your life all the same.”
But there are also some major deviations from canon, especially toward the end. I can only speculate about why–but below the cut tag, I will. The short story is that it appears to me that the adaptation, done by T. R. Bowen of “Abbey Grange” fame, seems to be more protective of young Lord Saltire than Doyle was. And yet, Bowen’s changes also rehabilitate the boy’s extremely culpable father. It raises some interesting questions about what we’re really doing when we say we’re ‘fixing’ something from canon.
But it’s the Extra Watson that saves this episode in the home stretch. In that scene in the cell, we see Holmes actually listening to Watson’s theory without condescension or sarcasm; he really does consider him his colleague at this point, and is willing to believe that Watson might be able to solve a problem that baffles him. And even though Watson’s theory is wrong, and Holmes knows immediately that it’s wrong, he recognizes the one thing Watson’s demonstrating here that he’s been lacking: imagination. Watson’s identification of the killer makes no sense (why, if Gibson killed his wife to frame Dunbar, would he then ruin a plan that was going extremely well by calling in Sherlock Holmes to save the woman he framed?); but by changing this from a story about the murder of Maria Gibson into a story about the framing of Grace Dunbar, he’s shown Holmes the way to the real solution. What you see from Brett as Holmes recognizes that is new, and it’s complicated. In his “Watson, you put me to shame!” you can feel both admiration and anger. All along he’s wanted Watson to reach this level; but Holmes still wants to be the one in charge. Maybe that’s why he dumps Watson’s revolver in the pond. (Hardwicke’s reactions throughout that whole scene are priceless.)
…and now you’re telling me the ‘gorilla’ in this episode was in fact, as I had suspected, a guy in a gorilla suit. Perfect.
Watson and Mary
What happens when Holmes follows his own advice down in Farnham is classic:
This episode hammers some nails in the coffins of the two biggest adaptation cliches that the Granada people were trying to kill: Unemotional Holmes and Stupid Watson.
This is exactly what I need at this juncture in my life. My president is a lunatic, my country is in chaos, the planet is frying, and Granada Holmes is going to get me through it all. In addition to its many beauties, Granada Holmes takes me back to my adolescence, a time which was very troubled for me when I was living through it, but which in retrospect seems like paradise. Jeremy Brett was my first TV Holmes. I love
Jeremy Brett, by this point in the filming schedule, had just become too sick to work. I was tipped off about this in advance by
But no, I don’t actually, because my point is that Brett’s Holmes is haptic, and that’s one of the main things that makes his performance compelling. This is one of the things Brett pulled out of the stories that earlier interpreters had failed to bring to life. Watson always seems to be paying attention to Holmes’s hands, which are active and eloquent and sensitive and, at moments of great intensity, not infrequently fastened suddenly to some part of Watson’s person. Haptic people make good violinists. Brett does not spend a lot of time holding a violin–I’m assuming he didn’t play or wasn’t comfortable with it for some reason–so he brings it through at every possible other opportunity. I mean even when he’s diving for that stolen document in “Second Stain,” watch the hands:
God, if Lord Bellinger and Trelawney Hope–or Sherlock Holmes, for that matter–could have known that one day there would be such a thing as Donald Trump’s Twitter account, it would have killed them all. But they didn’t know how good they had it; and so they were very, very, very anxious about all their sensitive documents. The late Victorians were living in an information age too; but everything had to be done on paper. That would perhaps explain all the blackmailing that seems to get done in Doyle’s stories; if every time you want to make a date with your secret lover you have to send him something in writing, using a servant as intermediary, the odds are good that at some point you’re going to be in Milverton’s office trying to buy the fucking thing back. And obviously, paper is a big part of Doyle’s imagination of international intrigue. After all, if they’re that worried about the damn letter, Hope et al. could have burned it. But no, they saved it thinking they could get some use out of it in some future diplomatic crisis; and now it’s disappeared, and they’re fucked.
Did I say that if you only watch one episode from the Brett/Burke era it should be “The Speckled Band?” That was MADNESS. You should NOT watch only one episode from this era, you should and you must watch BOTH “The Speckled Band” and “The Blue Carbuncle,” which may perhaps be Granada’s greatest gift to the fandom. I know it’s almost Easter; but honestly, any time you watch “The Blue Carbuncle,” it’s Christmas. The production values are generally pretty good: Victoriana is everywhere, all the guest stars seem to be bringing their A game, there are more extras running around in this episode than all of the earlier ones combined, and all in all it reminds me pleasantly of another vintage 1980s Christmas special, the George C. Scott A Christmas Carol. But the best thing about this episode is that we get to watch Holmes and Watson have Christmas together in 221B. All y’all who Johnlock and are constantly pining after cozy domestic scenes of the two of them making tea and wearing jumpers together, I just want you to know that “The Blue Carbuncle” has ALL of that, and it is as warm and beautiful and delicious as a slice of plum pudding isn’t.
“The Crooked Man,” as a story, poses a lot of challenges for the adaptor, the main one being maintaining the viewer’s interest. Arthur Shaughnessy, who wrote the screenplay, rose to some of those challenges and not to others. Ultimately, this episode turns out to be a pretty good demonstration of the major strengths and weaknesses of the Granada team. That this adaptation does nothing to mitigate the orientalism, the jingoism, and the Victorian attitudes about disability that are baked into Doyle’s story is one issue. But the main problem–not unrelated, I would argue, to the first one–is that the farther into the episode you get, the more boring it becomes.
gotten better–and knowing, at the same time, that this could be and probably is temporary. It is the feeling of seeing your straight friends so happy for you, their happiness so blissfully uncomplicated by your ambivalence, and appreciating the love but also feeling the gulf between you and them. All of this, in one close-up, in one reaction, without saying a goddamn word. THAT is the magic of Jeremy Brett’s Holmes, right there.
We can never read this story the way Doyle’s original fans did. We all know he came back and we all trust that he’s coming back. So the story can never have the impact on us that Doyle wanted it to have.
I’m going to try to articulate my response to this strangely compelling failure. I can’t promise answers in advance, though.
My only theory about this, as far as Doyle is concerned, is that Doyle initially intended for Holmes to give it back to the Countess because he was thinking of this as a straightforward robbery plot…but then at the end of the story, as the questions of guilt and responsibility come into focus,
in 2015:
. This is the same police force, remember, that since 1885 has been empowered by the Criminal Law Amendment Act to arrest any man they catch having really any kind of erotic contact with any other man. What you see there is the heartbreaking ambivalence of the outsider who sees himself being recognized and validated by the insider. It’s never occurred to him that his relationship with the “official” detectives could ever be anything but antagonistic. It’s never occurred to him that Lestrade might genuinely appreciate Holmes and his “theories”–that Lestrade, after years of scoffing at Holmes and his methods and yet profiting off them all the same, should tell Holmes to be
First name. First time.
As for the Mazarin Stone plot…it’s bad. I mean it’s not as bad as the original story, in which we are asked to believe that the evil Count can’t tell the difference between a phonograph record and a live performance, or between a live human and a waxwork, at close range. But honestly, I am over it with the stolen jewels, I spotted the Secret Diamond Hiding Place long before it was mysteriously revealed to Mycroft in the mud, and when they started talking about the diamond’s backstory, I thought, I don’t want to hear this diamond’s backstory. If it’s not the actual Moonstone, then GTFO. The final sequence, in which phantom Mycrofts appear to be stalking the Count until he uses up all his bullets, is perhaps a way of bringing in the waxwork replica idea from the canon story, but it’s never explained exactly how this illusion was accomplished (mirrors? waxwork Mycrofts on wheels? Fezzik in a holocaust cloak on a wheelbarrow?). And you know, I like Charles Gray’s Mycroft…but not for an entire hour. It’s a nice theme, but it doesn’t have a whole lot of variations.
iest bit of cinematography that I have yet seen on this show. We start with Holmes standing, apparently, on the grounds:
and Holmes is going to start rambling about the smell of gardenias:
, moving on.) Or the story where we learn that basically Mycroft is the British government’s Secret Human Google? Or the one where Holmes impulsively grabs Watson’s hand and says, “I knew you would not shrink at the last!” while showing more “tenderness” for him than Watson’s ever seen? Why did this story not become a Young Plaidder favorite?
and 3) after his beating, Holmes is treated primarily by specialists, with Watson just dropping in occasionally so 4) Watson never really knows exactly what Holmes’s physical condition is.
of horror cliche and irretrievable silliness.”
The camerawork is enhanced by the music, which is a retro version of the show theme in which the violin struggles to ascend against a descending and dirge-like bass line that contributes to the sinking effect. So someone
. Because that is where all of this precious jewel jazz is coming from.
Watching this adaptation again, I was struck by how much this story sort of predicts the hardboiled detective phenomenon. Holmes doesn’t take this case because he thinks it’s the right thing to do; he takes it because he needs the work. The need is partly financial–”There’s money in this case, Watson, if there’s nothing else,” he says, as he watches the King’s horses and carriage pull up–and partly psychological. The adapters have transplanted to the beginning of this episode a chunk of the opening of
Is that a…wind-up…oh please tell me that is not some kind of hideously embarrassing Victorian wind-up monkey toy…
"--just as they already believe that the black pearl of the Borgias is rolling about somewhere amongst my beakers and pipettes and that the King of Bohemia is sending me an emerald a day. Why do you do it, Watson?" he said, sitting up in order to better provoke me. "Is it the clue to some deep-laid mystery? Is it a code? Do you secretly desire to be stolen? Shall I come upon you unawares some dark and stormy night, and slip you into my pocket, and spirit you away, and lock you up in my museum?"
And the Holmeses of before
This is the best Holmes novel Doyle ever wrote, containing some wonderful writing for both Holmes and Watson, and it comes with enough atmosphere to fill out a whole fleet of horror movies. If they had scheduled this one for, say, the winter of 1985, between the first and second series of the
For Young Plaidder, the big loss after “The Final Problem” was not Holmes–who everyone always knows now is coming back–but Watson. When the series resumed after the hiatus, Burke was unavailable, and Edward Hardwicke was cast as Watson. I don’t yet know how Brett handled the transition; but Young Plaidder could not. I am loyal by nature, and once I get attached to an actor, I find it hard to let go.
” closes with a speech very reminiscent of Holmes’s final ruminations on this case:
"Out with it then," I said, my tender feelings already pricked.
"And for what?" I said, bitterly. "For three bits of colored glass."
At the same time, you have Watson and Holmes sitting at the back of the room whispering to each other as they watch Lestrade trying to study Holmes’s “theories” without letting anyone find out:
Anyway, Cranky Old Plaidder is capable of critical distance at this point, and so in re-watching “The Final Problem” I had a weird kind of double consciousness about it. Young Plaidder is still in there somewhere, basically just crying. Cranky Old Plaidder can’t help thinking about “The Final Problem” as a perennial problem for adapters.
No, all the real charm in this story has to do with Holmes’s battle with his extremely troublesome client, and the way Watson keeps stepping in to help him out. At one point, Gibson offers to punch Holmes, and Watson is getting up and ready to throw down, when Holmes just waves a hand and says, “Don’t be noisy.” And really, that’s exactly what you wish someone would say to our 45th president, a hundred and eighty-three times a day for the rest of his life.
Behind the cut tag, I will of course be talking about our two favorite people; but I am also going to spend some time on Natasha Richardson and Violet Hunter, one of the Remarkable Women of ACD Canon. Because Violet and I go way back; and because “The Copper Beeches” is yet another ACD story where the actual mystery is just the tip of the creepiness iceberg.
And the first word out of his mouth is:
So this sends, I would say, a pretty clear message. Holmes is sympathetic to Mary despite her lying, as he was to Helen Stoner and the two Violets. The fact that he invites her to the resolution shows he has a higher opinion of her in the adaptation than he does in canon. But he most definitely DOES NOT WANT her to touch him. By contrast, Holmes not only touches Watson during this scene, but seems to be using touch to persuade Watson to go along with him during the ‘trial’:
“They fell for one of the classic blunders, Watson.”
the pistol before Holmes puts it
’s Marian Halcombe, one of the best female characters to come out of sensation fiction and a fearless unofficial detective even in the face of the machinations of the evil Count Fosco.
My nom de Internet was not chosen because I have a soft spot for snakes; it was a reference to the protagonist of the show
But that’s not really the most intimate thing that happens in this episode. A more important decision is to make Watson the only doctor attending Holmes after his beating. Here, I have to say, I do miss Burke just a little bit, because his Watson’s bedside manner was more handsy (I talk about this in my writeup of “Naval Treaty”). But Watson sitting in that darkened room with a really pretty severely damaged Holmes is still pretty intense, and I love the little eye-roll Holmes gives him as he accepts Watson’s authority ( “Yes…DOCTOR”). There’s a moment later on when Watson’s sitting next to Holmes, blasting through a book on ancient Chinese pottery while also taking Holmes’s temperature. Watson reaches over, grabs the thermometer without even looking at it, glances at it to make sure the temperature’s normal, and then starts shaking it down with one hand as he returns to the book. Holmes’s eyes follow him, and it’s just a kind of heart-wringing little moment. Watson’s completely absorbed in his task, and so he appears to be indifferent to Holmes’s gaze. But what Watson’s absorbed in, of course, is his devotion to Holmes–that’s why he’s cramming on ancient Chinese pottery as if his medical license depends on it, that’s why taking Holmes’s temperature has become so routine he can do it automatically. I think you can see Holmes realizing that, and just lingering on this view of Watson, completely absorbed in his task, helping and healing him just by being there with him. It’s a more poignant version of the “moral support” moment from “Norwood Builder,” years later, both of them older and more fragile.
kill herself?” is, “Who knows why these crazy dames do what they do, amirite?”
I have done no research on the making of this series, so I don’t know what was in the guidelines for the writers. All four of these episodes so far have been written by different people, all men who were veterans of TV adaptation and had worked in serial television before. However it happened, “Solitary Cyclist” would have been a better follow-up epsiode to “Dancing Men” than “Naval Treaty” was, because it continues the narrative of Watson’s apprenticeship–which, in this story, hits a couple speed bumps. Holmes’s dressing-down of Watson after his first (in this series anyway) solo assignment is a classic moment, in ACD canon and in this adaptation. But Holmes also clearly has a few things to learn. In fact, all the men drawn into Violet Smith’s orbit seem to have a habit of bungling things at critical moments. And yet, despite all this masculine incompetence, Violet Smith is still in real danger, because that’s what life is like when you’re a single woman trying to support yourself and your widowed mother in a world where men are pretty much never held accountable for the way they treat women.
Some benevolent soul has digitized all of the Granada
I’m going to start with a true story.
, Goring tries to swipe Gertrude’s sensitive letter before Robert can get to it; but he can’t get there in time, and instead Robert and Gertrude wind up working it out on their own. In this version of “Second Stain,” Holmes gets to pull off the sleight of hand that Goring never got to do. Hawkesworth has been concerned all the way through to keep the energy up and to increase the sense of urgency whenever possible. In the canon story, once Hilda caves and confesses, they find Trelawney’s dispatch box, put the letter into it, and then go back to waiting for him like nothing’s happened. In the adaptation, Trelawney’s now keeping the dispatch-box with him, so Holmes has to pull the switch right in front of him. They fudge how he actually does it; but somehow, Holmes introduces the letter into the pile of secret papers
in which the murders prove to be delayed acts of revenge carried out against the agents of a tyrannical government in a foreign land. But there are a lot of other things that have kept “Wisteria Lodge” out of the winners’ circle. For one thing, Doyle’s racism and xenophobia are more on display in this story than in many others; the “grotesque” elements of the case, in the canon story, derive largely from the exotic origins of the people involved in it, from the Tiger of San Pedro to the unnamed cook, who is presented as a kind of subhuman monster (gigantic in size, savagely violent, and unable to speak except in “grunts”). For another, Holmes is peripheral to the investigation; the only thing you can really say he accomplishes is the rescue of the governess, and even that is done by one of his agents. And of course, as in “Greek Interpreter,” the punishment of the miscreants is delayed.
("Charles Augustus Milverton"),
…they’re milking it. I tell you, this old-school heritage-TV low-budget Dark Days of the HIV Epidemic series was 1000% more comfortable with Holmes/Watson intimacy than some very fancy hip twenty-first century adaptations I could…but no. No, I will rise above. I will not go there.
"Watson," he said, "I did."
…I was staring at him thinking, I know I’ve seen him before…is that Roger Rees? No, that’s not Roger Rees…but it’s SOME kind of British period adaptation of some classic…
“They fell for one of the classic blunders, Watson.”
You know so many things
), which makes sense. So that’s a nice little bonus. In this case, it’s Jane, the maid who has witnessed Barclay’s abusive behavior toward his wife without being able to do anything about it, and who (in the opening scene) is obviously afraid that Barclay is hitting her behind that locked door. This is another addition–the story implies that Barclay had moods and was occasionally troubled by remorse, but it doesn’t suggest that this affected their marriage–and it generates interest and sympathy for the non-recurring characters more effectively than Doyle’s mutiny romance does.
,” back in the 1990s. To see them on screen again makes me feel genuinely happy, regardless of all the crap going on right now.
by what Lestrade is saying to him, he is on the verge of tears. And yes, as Doyle says, this is Holmes showing that he can in fact be emotionally affected by the “praise of an old friend.” But this is also Holmes caught between conflicting emotions as he listens to this praise
Continuing what seems to be a Hardwicke-era running gag about crappy food at country inns, Jeremy Paul’s script for “Shoscombe Old Place” sends Holmes and Watson to a remote country inn where the landlord proudly serves up a kettle of fresh fish stew. They both look into it; they look at each other; and Holmes says, “These are deep waters, Watson. Deep and rather dirty.”
I noted that in “Three Gables” the makeup team tried to give him some extra color, but it became too obvious. There’s no attempt to do that in “Dying Detective;” and it’s just pitiful how pale he is. Outdoor light seems especially cruel. The scene in which he publicly curses Culverton Smith is perhaps the most painful.
Why does the universe hate “The Three Garridebs?”
. Back when Doyle was starting out in medicine, one of the ways doctors determined the lethality of a particular substance was to take it themselves and document their symptoms. And it’s worth remembering that this was probably the fastest and surest way to determine whether the powder was actually the cause of death. There’s no “send it to the lab for testing” in ACD canon. Holmes IS the lab. He knows more about forensic chemistry than anyone in England at this point, and of course he hasn’t brought his equipment to Cornwall. So unless they were going to test it on some unfortunate animal (as Holmes does in
, clearly, the team was scrambling to cope with a desperate situation. Unskillful attempts to accommodate Brett’s illness or else just write around him are partly responsible for how bad
But I have wandered from my original point, which was: now I finally understand why
This is important, because it explains Holmes’s growing admiration for Irene Adler as something other than a sexual attraction. Holmes does comment on her beauty, but when an evidently surprised Watson repeats, “A face a man might die for?!” he dismisses it as “a metaphor.” For him, her beauty is not superficial; it’s the outward sign of more intangible qualities. There’s a moment early on when Holmes, disguised as an alcoholic and unemployed groom, is watching Irene Adler’s house and hears her singing. Irene Adler is identified in canon as a contralto. They actually found a contralto to do the singing. Her voice is beautiful, strong, and lower than you would expect; and Holmes is immediately taken by it. When the still-disguised Holmes finds himself drawn into the secret wedding, and she calls him over afterward to give him a sovereign, he is genuinely touched by her generosity–not just in giving him the coin, but in protecting his dignity by calling it a “souvenir.” During the “fire” scene, Holmes (as the poor old parson) has a conversation with Irene Adler about motives in which she rather pointedly tells him that she “cannot imagine” being motivated by a desire for revenge, and he obviously believes her. By the end of the episode, when Holmes says that Irene Adler is “on a very different level to your Majesty,” he doesn’t just mean that she’s smarter; he means that in basically every way she is a
than journalism. There may be a joke about stingy magazine editors in here somewhere; but there’s
seems to have made. Watson’s misinterpretation of Holmes tapping out the rhythm of the violin piece they just heard shows up in “The Reichenbach Fall,” when Sherlock mistakenly thinks that Moriarty is tapping out the key code when it’s really Bach partita #1. The shlocky yet surreal opening segment kind of reminded a bit of the opening of “The Final Problem.” The byplay about Watson’s titles shows up again in John and Sherlock’s banter about John’s blog and why a story needs a title. There is also a mannequin dangling from the ceiling for one of the consultations in…is it “Hounds of Baskerville?“ I forget. I knew Moffat and Gatiss had to be Granada aficionados because there was so much aggressive Granada homaging in “The Abominable Bride.” Not really sure what to make of their evident special fondness for this particular episode, though.
