“It‘s the panties, huh?” Dean kissed his head quickly, but thanks to the hand Cas still had on Dean’s crotch, he could feel how much Dean wanted it. “Hell yeah, Cas. I just never asked cause I figured you’d go for it if you wanted it. You never seem to hold back, and I love that about you.”
that, man? It’s food. You can loosen your corset for dinner.”
“What?” Jask tilted his head clear back to look at Dean upside down. “Fuck yeah, I want to trade. We have to anyway, you said you can’t leave.”
Jimmy rolled his eyes, but offered a small smile. They never did talk about that whole ordeal beyond him apologizing, but they didn’t have to.
Jask kissed the top of Ares’ head and kept him close, rubbing one of his broad hands along Ares’ back. “Then stay right here as long as you want. No pressure, no judgement.”
“It’s delicious. Would you like one?”
wanted to.
“No, of course not.” Cas’ face was red, but he steadied his voice. “If Dean needs release so badly, I suggest he calls Jaskier.”
No one listened, they never did, so Dean put on his very best impression of shocked disgust when his character discovered that Dex had been impersonating Rex for months.
Dean shoves him back, knocking him back a few steps. “Stop being a little bitch about it. Maybe if
He’d never said it back before. All the times Cas had made it a point to tell him, to show him how much he was loved — Dean had never said it back. It simultaneously broke and repaired something inside of Castiel and his breath caught permanently in his throat. “What?”
“Dean. Dean, look at me.” Cas waited until he finally made eye contact and let out a slow breath. “You’re good enough, exactly the way that you are. Secrets, no secrets, gay, straight... it doesn’t matter. You are enough, and don’t let anyone tell you otherwise.”
“Well?”
Dean grinned cheekily, biting the air. “Don’t hate. You can have a piece of this anytime you want, Morningstar. I’ve always wanted to fuck a gym teacher.”
“Please.” She waved for him to sit and then took her seat just as Cas rounded the stairs.
“Um...” the sheriff turns away and doesn’t stop until he’s sitting back at his desk. “My meat— I mean, I made it for you... us. It’s just steak, nothing special.”
That thought alone keeps a smile on his face the entire day.
Ares says harshly. “I shouldn't have even told you, I was just so fucking dumbfounded that I couldn't help it. I shouldn't even see him again, it's a conflict of interest a mile wide.”
Pink flared through his eyes again. “I guess we’ll see if I let you get dressed at all.” Dean smirked, then led him to the bathroom, starting the water. “Jury’s still out.”
The food ends up being every bit as shitty as he feared it would be, and the lack of pie makes him want to bust out this instant. No way he goes a full decade without pie… he’d rather hang himself with his 100 thread count bedsheets.
It actually feels so damn good that Dean has trouble holding himself back before he manages to draw that second one out, but they come together that time and Dean collapses down with a sated laugh. “Damn. I knew I'd like kitchen duty for the food, just didn't expect to get fed more ways than one.”
“You’re an ass.” Jo smacked his arm playfully and tried to fix it. “Oh, who cares. If you really follow through with this, no one will be paying attention to me, anyway. Now come on… let’s go break a million hearts.”
“Hey, just outta curiosity… if we’d have stuck to that whole swap schedule thing, what would we be doing right now? You’d be in charge.”
“Call me Frenchie.” He grips Dean's chin and pulls him into a kiss, backing him against the wall again. Dean’s dick instantly responds, his hands gripping at the guard’s waist as he ruts against him, showing him he’s hard.
Dean cleared his throat and glanced down at Ashton as the world stilled.
“So… you miss having someone to fart with?”
“Nah, just asked how his day was. You gonna let me in?” She blocked the doorway for a few moments more before turning and making her way toward her desk.
“Tonight.” He stated. “Have Cole stay the night, I’m getting Cas to loosen the damn tie and have a drink with me.”
She stomps down in an attempt to break Dean’s ankle, but Cas is right behind her. He doesn't touch her — doesn't kill her, just waves a couple of fingers at his side so her foot lands heavily three inches too far to the right. She curses, and Cas has to fight a laugh at how stupid she looks. “You don't remember me, Dean? From fifteen years ago? That one time?”
“That would make things easier for me, but are you ready for that type of a sacrifice? Most motels are… seedy, to say the least.”
Jask made a face at Dean even as he stood and picked Ares up. “Did you seriously just ‘no takebacks’ my boyfriend?”
Cas shivered at his name and turned around to face his desk, dropping his chest to it and reaching behind him to spread himself open. He murmured something incoherent through the fabric, but Dean didn’t need to hear the exact words to know what he was saying -
The word echoed cruelly in his head, and he wished he would’ve been smart enough not to eavesdrop. What started out as promising ended up sounding like Jask had convinced him to
Cas reached into his jacket and pulled out a small bottle of lube, pumping it onto his hand and wasting no time pressing a slick finger against Dean’s perfect hole. “I almost didn’t bring lube, but I was hoping...”
Dean hummed like that was a hard decision. “I’m afraid if I get up, you’re gonna disappear or somethin’. But I do love pie…”
Dean huffed a laugh and continued to stroke himself. “You think so? Felt like you couldn’t stand to look at me sometimes.”
close, and Abaddon pulled the one card that could change Dean’s mind. Cas tried desperately to hide the disappointment on his face, but even with his training there was only so much he could take before his carefully crafted demeanor slipped. ”Yes, Dean. Batman.” He offered Dean the best smile he could muster but he knew it fell flat. “We leave in the morning. You should get some rest.”
“Are you always this… prepared?” Cas asked with a smile, setting his other bags down in the kitchen.
“Pfft. Not in the cards, sweetheart. Guess you’re stuck with me.”
Dean tried. He tried to get some dinner and salvage the day, but Cas had just wanted to go home, and Dean would never force him to do otherwise.
“That’s sweet.” Dean’s still on guard, he can’t help it. “So... you gonna make me blow you now, or…”
Ares made sure to take a quick shower, but he was a little nervous for what Cas might want to talk about. Regardless, he knew talking was good, and he didn’t know if he’d made it two weeks without talking to his best friend.
“Got ya, bitches! Get out there and hang some damn streamers, ya horndogs!” She crossed her arms and gave them one of those if-looks-could-kill expressions.
Cas nodded, recognizing that there was no animosity in the request. “I
He’d hoped that his weekend there would change things for him, and he wasn’t giving up hope just yet.
Jo let out a breath through her nose and glanced up from the phone. “Dean, it’s your life. You can do whatever you want to, but realistically... what all do you have your bodyguards doing right now?”
“It isn’t a couch, it’s a comfy chair.”
“You’re as sweeeet as strawberry wine.”
“Course, J. No hard feelings here. I think we were what we needed for a while but... we deserve this. Right? I keep trying to imagine a world that I actually get to have him, and I dunno...” Dean picks at his nails, staring at them intently.
Cas smiled softly and tapped the counter gently. “Then I’ll keep that in mind. I’ve got two whole days to figure out what to make you on Monday.”
to hope.
was definitely something Cas wouldn’t wanna hear. Instead he mumbled
Jask nearly lifted Dean off his feet as he pulled him toward the bedroom. “Havoc is your life too, Cas. Love him,” Dean called back as they disappeared down the hall. “I missed my damn bed.”
“Go.”
The things that happened in Cas’ chest were likely illegal. “I... are, um... Should we go home or just stay here?”
need a hobby.”
“Dean, you
Cas stared at the ground. “It wasn’t easy, but I told him I wouldn’t take that last step until you and I had a chance to talk. I know it seems silly since I let other things happen, I just… I don’t know. I don’t blame you for giving in, I’m happy you did.” But concern for Ares made him ask, “Does Jaskier feel the same?”
Ares inched his legs further apart as Jask wiggled two fingers inside of him, making him groan in pleasure. “Oh fuck... gods, I’ll never get sick of this. Take me... I’m still open, baby.”
mouth, and it was perfect. Jask fisted a hand in his hair and rolled his hips, digging back down into the cushion as he held Ares in place so he was nearly slipping out.
Cas opened his mouth to say no, but remembered the first ten days were supposed to be Dean’s way. “That’s fine with me. I’m not picky, if you tell me what’s easiest for you to pick up, I can look over the menu online.”
Cas moves over until they're close enough to do something Dean’s wanted for a very long time, but as he opens his mouth to say something, Ben runs through the cracked door and ruins the moment.
also see me for more?”
The mere thought of sinking inside of Dean’s perfect ass had Cas pushing himself up from the couch and listening in at Ashton’s door to make sure he was really asleep. He didn’t hear any noise, so he walked as silently as he could to the back door and turned off the alarm.
“That’s not funny, Dean. It’s dangerous enough that you allow Morningstar so much... freedom.” The muscle in Cas’ jaw flexed and he pointedly stared at the door. “Most of your fans are harmless, some of them... are quite the opposite. I’d just appreciate it if you had a little more regard for your own well-being… and the bones of other people.” A ghost of a smile crossed his face at that, but the fucker shut it down almost immediately.
“I missed you. Tell the hairy one to go.” Cas wrapped a leg around Dean and pinned them together, biting on Dean’s lip.
Cas wasn’t far behind and the poor guy had nothing at all to muffle the sounds coming out of him, but he tried. The vein in his neck popped as he came with a grunt, looking like it was near physically painful not to fuck the life outta Dean in that moment. A shiver ran up his spine as Cas finally emptied and collapsed forward, blindly reaching one hand up to untie Dean.
Again, he almost talked himself out of it. But something about the lines of the man’s face had him rooted to the spot and shucking his pants down to his ankles. He hastily kicked them off and bent over, making quick work of opening himself up for his regular dildo. A few minutes with that, and he finally thought he was ready.
But the fear of what rejection would mean for Dean himself makes him pause. If he's not careful, he could alienate Dean and make him want to go back to Cellblock D — and that would ruin everything. It would ruin Dean.
"Ah fu—" Dean bit him back, right between his shoulder and neck, and when he tasted Cas' skin on his tongue he thrusted against Cas harder, coming inside his boxers so much he knew Cas could feel the wetness against his panties.
It wasn’t the first time a troll had made a comment like that, so Cas was well-poised to hide the fear those types of statements brought. He turned, heaving a sigh. “I am not at liberty to discuss any of the things you’ve asked, and every single one of you already knows this. Now, please excuse me, I have a job to do.”
“Cuddle with me, damnit.” Dean laughed and tried to squeeze his shoulders together to get Cas to stop, then flopped onto the bed and opened his arms. “Lemme big spoon. Tell me about the bees. How are Leroy and Sebastian?”
He nodded, tapping his thumb on the steering wheel. “Yes, though I haven’t seen him since I came home from my final tour of duty, which was a couple of months before I started working for you.”
“You know it.” Dean grinned, kissing him again. “No one could tell me I couldn’t.” He kept kissing him, and when he dropped Cas off back at his house, they agreed to tell Amara together. Dean drove home, wishing they were at a point where they could already be together without judgement, but went to sleep with a smile on his face.
The door swings shut once more as Butcher checks out his knuckles with a satisfied hum, then fixes his eyes on Dean’s ass. “Didn’t even break the skin.”
“Yeah?” Dean tilted his head and slid a thumb in the top of the towel. “Think so, Cas?” He pulled it off completely and stood there watching Cas’ eyes roam every inch of his body.
Did you show up here in panties, Cas?” His hands slid down Cas’ body and pushed at his waistband, trying to see for himself.
“Why can he wear them and not me?”
“There’s been a slight change in regimen,” Cas stated matter-of-factly, attempting to hide his nervousness.
Before Winchester could answer, a student walked in for next period and Cas smirked as he turned away. “See you tomorrow, Winchester.”
“Dean,” Cas gasped, leaning back and reaching down to feverishly palm himself. “Please,” he moaned, pushing his sweatpants down and gripping himself before pulling Dean back into a filthy, sloppy kiss.
Castiel grabbed the lube and was back on top of Dean in a flash, lubing up his fingers, “I know you said you prepped, but I want to be sure you’re ready and I still want to taste you.” Before Dean could respond, Cas swallowed his throbbing length down in one swoop.
and going to his house for dinner was decidedly less daunting than meeting up at a truck stop. Cas parked the car and took a deep breath, then walked up and knocked on the door.
“If you’re gonna drive one of these new cars, at least listen to some good classic music.” He couldn’t care less about what Sam listened to, but it was his job to give him a hard time.
“Right. We should.” They ate in relative silence, and when when they finished, Dean rubbed his belly with a groan. “So, you’re a writer? What kinda books.”
“You got it!” Dean rushes out a little more enthusiastically than he means to, but he doesn’t have it in him to care, nor be graceful as he unbuttons his slacks and shirt. “Not gonna lie, always wanted to have sex in this uniform. You mind if I keep it on?”
"I'm sorry, Anna."
He strummed Night Moves lazily, singing as low as possible, but the second he heard a door open, he switched tunes, strumming ‘Call Me Al’ since his bodyguard was the only one around. When Cas peeked around the corner, Dean sang in a goofy accent. “If you’ll be my bodyguard, I can be your long lost pal.” He stood there, looking like a statue again, but Dean was sure there was a smile. “Come on, sing it with me, Al.”
plans, and no idea how to occupy someone like Ares. Normally, the days he and Dean were spent fucking, or at the very least, naked.
“Adorable now… be happy you’re the top in your relationship,” Ares said quietly. “I have a feeling I’ll be paying for this one later, though I have to say… I’m not that mad at it.” He winked again at Cas and led him down the aisle, then officially handed him over to Dean.
“They’re fucking adorable.” Dean chuckled.
Once they walk back in the bunker, Miracle runs in to sniff around and Dean sets their bags down. “I’m not even mad at Miracle. That douche was a fucking homophobe.”
Cas came out in a puffy white dress shirt with black slacks and suspenders, with a bow tie resting on his shoulders instead of properly on. He eyed Dean and slid his hand up under his arm, then descended the stairs with him.
“I love you too, Dean.” Cas smiled so widely that Dean ended up kissing his teeth instead of his lips, which made them both laugh. Neither one of them bothered saying goodbye before going home, there would be plenty of time to celebrate with their friends and family
Dean barks a laugh at Cas’ twitch and reaches a hand over to squeeze his thigh playfully. “So we goin’ to the store after this? I’ll drive.”
That seemed like an understatement, but Cas knew he didn’t need to point that out. He locked the doors to the Impala and glanced around. They’d stopped in the edge of the highway, but he figured the car was far enough away from the road that it wouldn’t be a problem. Out of habit, he made sure he had his gun and started leading Dean into the woods. “We probably could’ve picked a better spot.”
“Like shit. But we can make him sleep there.”
“Never, now.” He chuckled and rested his chin on his head. “I’ll quit if going to work means I have to cut the only time I might cuddle you short.”
“Not goin’ anywhere, Cas.” Dean cuddles in with a hum and doesn’t bother with the mess. “Stayin’ right here, you smell good.”
“I’m… Dean, I'm close,” Cas whispers, keeping his neck bared. “Don't stop moving.”
Cas was already plotting excuses to not go while simultaneously making a mental note not to attempt anything that required concentration on Saturday due to the anticipated noise. He huffed at his own thought, wondering when the hell he turned into an eighty year old man. “Thank you, Sam. Truly, it was kind of you to invite me. Maybe I’ll see you there.”
Cas dropped his eyes to the floor and wasn’t sure he ever blushed so hard in his life, but they now had more urgent issues. “I rented this castle from a red-headed woman named Rowena. If she’s the one that cursed you, we shouldn’t stay here.”
She hugged him again, holding on this time and tucking her head against his chest. “If you need anything from me, don’t hesitate to ask. You were the only one I had when I was a kid thrown into this very adult world, and if I can return that favor now… I will.” She looked up, kissing his chin. “I’m really proud of you, Dean. It takes a lot of balls to do what you’re about to do.”
“Hi.” Ares pulled him in for a tight hug, inhaling next to his neck. “I’m going to miss you greeting me every day.”
Cas chuckled quietly and did a half dozen more reps before rolling and sitting up, smirking. “Of course he doesn’t, I take my job seriously. Did you also tell him you’re trying to sleep with me? I’m sure he’d be thrilled to hear it.” He pushed himself to a standing position and stretched, popping his back and flexing his shoulders.
Cas could hear and feel when they pulled off the main road and soon they were coming to a stop. “Alright. Ima help you out of the car and walk you there, then we’ll take it off... for now.”
A faint thought entered his mind that the car might not belong to Woody, but he was reasonably sure he could take care of himself and it seemed worth the risk. He shuffled over to the car as silently as he could with his head down, stopping a few inches from the hood. He couldn’t see anyone, so he tapped their code lightly on the hood and waited, palming himself.
He seemed to contemplate that for a moment. “Hadn’t really crossed my mind. Should I? You know I always get a little bratty when I drink.”
Cas stole one more kiss before settling back down and closing his eyes. The sun was shining through the window and casting a red-orange glow over his eyelids, so he didn’t imagine he’d get much sleep... but just being able to relax and not be hyper-focused on their surroundings was nice.
He carries on looking, anyway. On his way to work, a stranger pays for someone’s coffee. In his office, they celebrate the birthday of one of their elder coworkers because she no longer has family to celebrate with her. He attends a rally filled with young people determined to protect the planet, and it fills him with a little hope that the human race might yet carry on.
Jimmy scoffed playfully. “You spent nearly all of Christmas break with him. Obviously it’s getting serious. You’ve never even spent the night with someone before, let alone nearly two weeks. You’re my brother, I want to get to know him.”
“I uh—” Dean looks down and then meets his eyes. “I didn’t like it out there, It just wasn’t me. I only stayed to get Sammy through school, but by the time he was almost finished with school he had a girlfriend he moved in with. And his own friends... his own life... he didn’t need me anymore.”
He forced a smile as Jask got out of his car in that delicious suit of his. “How was work?” Ares approached him and stood on his tippy toes for a kiss.
“Like the last three months of junior year. I didn’t tell you because she... was my first and I still wanted you to believe I fucked Jessica sophomore year,” he admitted with a shrug. “Whatever, Jess and I had some fun a couple months ago, so technically, I did... it was just not when I told you it was.”
“I don’t know.” Cas stared at him, knowing if he jumped on him, there was a possibility he would be denied... but he also knew this might be his only chance. He licked his lips and looked down to Dean’s, looking for any sign he didn’t want this, too.
Cas only dozed off for an hour before he woke up. He moved so he could see Dean’s face and watched him sleep for an hour more, counting each freckle like he had done so many times before.
“No. Never. I don’t know what he’s doing here, honestly... he probably doesn’t either. I just know he really wants you and he doesn’t know how to just ask someone on a date like a normal adult.” Jask takes another bite and chews quickly. “Not his fault. Never had a normal life, so...”
didn’t pay attention to the movie.
“It’s different for everyone, but… yes, I knew from a young age. Accepting it was a different story, but I knew. I didn’t have a traditional support system, and I was in my early twenties before I had the courage to say it out loud.” Cas studied Ares’ body language as he spoke, trying to make sure he wasn’t pushing too far. “But, sexuality is complicated, and it’s okay to not be sure.”
Cas reached around and squeezed his nose playfully. “You’re very talented, Dean. You can add that to your resume.” He felt Dean instantly tense, seconds before sitting up fully again and cleaning himself without responding.
The water sloshed around them as Jask caged him from behind — one arm wrapped around his chest, and the other hand finding its prize between Ares’ legs.
The first thing he noticed happened to be the only thing in the room - a life-sized, marble statue of the most gorgeous human being he’d ever seen.
“Blow up mattress?” Jask asked innocently. “Sorry, never heard of her. We’ll be fine here.” He winked and laid down, maneuvering Ares until he was fully on top of him. “See? Blanket, we’re fine.”
“You get to meet Baby.” His smile is a mixture of love and pride, making Cas want to kiss his infuriating mouth again.
“His eyes,” Cas whispers. “They're such a beautiful shade of green that I’d never be able to do them justice with words.”
Cas shook his head, he didn’t want anything clouding the memory of this. He pulled on his slacks but left his shirt off, walking over to get a water. “I appreciate it, but no.” He watched Dean, fighting the urge to try and hold him. “I really need to get better at pool, though.”
“Sure.” He dusted off his clothes and nodded the way they came. “Slow jog come down, or you want to walk back?”
“I see,” Cas nodded, realizing he likely wouldn’t be getting lunch at all. None of this surprised him - it had only been a matter of time before the tension between them snapped, he’d simply hoped it would snap in another way. He focused his eyes on Dean, minutely altering the rhythm of his own breathing in hopes that Dean would follow. “And which one of them is responsible for the cut on your cheek?”
Laughing, Jimmy shoved him playfully. “Something tells me she’d actually love that, but I’ll pass on the panties. Your boyfriend needs a way to tell us apart
They had a date later, but that didn’t mean they couldn’t be lazy for a few hours. He grabbed his ‘breakfast in bed’ currency and set it on Cas’ pillow, then tucked his head under his own.
— completely guilt free — felt like a huge weight was lifted off his chest and he could tell Jask felt the same.
Cas opened his mouth to argue and then shut it quickly, clenching his jaw. “It’s in my pocket. We’ll add that to your end of the bet. If you win, I’ll put it in and show you my tattoos.”
When Dean wakes the next morning, his excitement overshadows his hangover. Yeah, he needs an extra cup of coffee before his shower, but once he’s dressed in his uniform and ready to go, he looks almost normal. Ben
“I have to though, Abaddon has already leaked it, I know it. So, you know someone is going to ask.”
Cas bit his lip when Dean stared down at his pink lingerie and from that look alone he felt his skin beginning to heat up. “You like?”
Gentle lips found their way to Ares’ shoulders after. “Two down… at least a couple more to go.”
“You know I like balls.” He chuckled, but the smile didn’t meet his eyes. This was a huge moment, and her support meant more than he could ever express. “Thanks, Jo. Really. You’re... one of my best friends. I wouldn’t be here without you.”
“Yeah... he does. He got drunk last weekend and asked me how big I think your dick is.” Cole laughed and then stood straighter as Dean walked back out with his eyes glued on his phone.
When Dean returns to his cell, he's limping just a little from the abuse his ass just took. More than anything, he just wants some damn peace and quiet — but there's yet
“Fuck yeah, hold it steady so I can sink down.” As soon as Cas was lubed and ready, Dean finally sank down on Cas, groaning at the stretch when he pushed past his tight muscles.
He stepped forward, shining his flashlight a little lower. Cas nearly dropped the damned thing when he realized the statue was not only
“Stop that.” Cas frowned and crossed his arms, silently cursing himself for being more at ease on the jet than anywhere else. The threat to Dean was virtually non-existent in the air, which relaxed him in a way that he never could be on the ground. “It’s just rude.”
After a moment of silence, Cas giggled. “Think she’s gone?” he whispered.
Dean looks over and Ishim is already eyeing him. “Shit. Alright... what else can you tell me?”
from you, you know. I was staring at you all night like a creep, I thought maybe some fresh air would help.”
“Swap... thingy?” she asked, her voice filled with humor. “Oh my god. Wait, you guys are the hot ones, right? Should’ve known.” She giggled, then moved her phone away from her ear a little too late to muffle the sound. “Okay, I hate to break this to you, but you’ve called the wrong girl. All I do is match and give suggestions. If you want to swap your swaps, you need to ask your swaps.”
He wasn’t too sure.
“I’m sorry, Dean. It’s over, and that interview ran in a tabloid. Chances are good no one that matters will believe him anyway.”
“What should we do today? Our last day together. Can we really not even talk on the phone?” Ares pulled back to meet Cas’ eyes.
come would look covering Dean’s face.
and Dean only screws up the lyrics once, then immediately goes into
Dean grinned at how beautiful his cock was and got comfy. The concrete ground wasn’t great, but based on how much P was leaking, he wouldn’t be down there very long. He sucked at the tip, moaning at the flavor, before sliding him further into his mouth.
Dean found himself drinking a lot more often. Not getting drunk, just having one or four to take the edge off. The latest video from Cas was enough to make him want to transfer schools — but when he’d actually brought that up to Miss Missouri, she’d smacked him upside the head like he was a child, and he couldn’t exactly tell her the truth about why he wanted to leave.
“Goddammit... Cas... please. C’mon...” Dean didn’t give a fuck if he sounded needy, because he was. “Please.” He gripped his own cock and started stroking again.
“You shove that knot any deeper, it's gonna need surgically removed,” Cas growls. He closes his eyes and eventually tilts his head to get Dean to stop licking him, then sighs as he stares at the food. “Well, there goes the potato salad. Random Nameless Alpha That Is Now My Mate, would you mind sitting down? I was just about to eat lunch when you... interrupted.”
Looking horrified, Jask stared at him. “I’m your whore, I’m no one's wife. Don’t forget it.” He was a little put out that Dean agreed so readily, but after a couple of moments of contemplation, he was equally on board. “I don’t know, why didn’t you click the link? Do I have to do everything for you?”
“Dean Winchester. Where you from? In here, not out there. I just came from D.”
His sister was
“I’ll bring some.” He nods for Cas to follow him and leads him to his master bedroom, stripping off his sweatpants and pulling up some dark-wash jeans. “You have a public kink at all before this or did I ruin you?”
“How tall is he? I can probably take him.” Dean drops down and starts doing push-ups just to distract his hands. “Hey, uh… you… think whoever busted his lip is still alive?”
He slams up into him, and they release at the same time — Cas in Dean’s tight ass, and Dean all over their thighs.
“They’re my business partners. This is Connie Lingus, Jenny Tayla, Wayne Kerr, and Semour Cox. We own a bed and breakfast... family friendly.”
Ares huffed a laugh and nipped Jask’s lip. “Carry me?”
He realized that his backpack was still there, and he really didn’t have a choice
“Course I will.” Dean kissed Cas’ forehead and walked over to turn on the radio.
“Dean, I love you and I respect the tragic codependency you had with your brother until the actual moment of your death, which you were then planning on continuing in Heaven… but if you say his name one more time, I'm going to turn you into a goat.” Cas reaches over to take Dean’s hand, hoping to take the sting out of his extremely serious words.
Cas strips himself naked until there’s nothing covering his skin but the tattoos that adorn nearly every inch of his body. Tattoos for lost loves, for past missions, fallen brethren. For the prisoners that have made his life mean something.
“Do you remember what you told me mornings were for?” Cas asked softly, anticipation sparking through his body.
“Charles.” Dean finished chewing, deciding not to ask where Cas was since Ashton wasn’t alone. “Hey, Graves, long time no see.”
Dean slid J’s plate on the table and sat down with his own. Some would say ten in the morning was too early for burgers, but not Dean and Jask. It was never too early for burgers in their minds.
In that moment, there was only one person who could make him feel better, and it was the person he was panicking over. After he took a few deep breaths in and out, he called Dean before he could chicken out.
As expected, that one drink turned to more, and when Dean woke up a few hours later he was still drunk. Deciding that’d just be the day, he gets Ben off to school and throws on some jeans to head to the station.
“Okay.” Dean dropped to his knees and nuzzled back in between Cas’ legs. “Wake me when food...”
He nodded in response but seemed lost in his own head, and Cas was out of ways to combat that. He kissed Dean’s temple and got up to pack their bags, hoping to Hell that some time in a classic car on the open road would help Dean see that there are things that mattered more in life than public opinion.
Dean chuckles and shakes his head, returning his eyes where they belong — back on Cas. “Sounds like some of you need to just fire off some knuckle-children.”
They settle back to keep watching, Cas’ hand sliding gently up and down Dean’s thigh.
“Are you worried I’m a loner?” He chuckled. “I have friends, Winchester. I just have more enemies.”
“Yeah. Would you rather be watching that?” Dean teased before taking another sip of his beer.
Jask shrugged and opened the cupboard with the liquor. “If you want to, sure. Long week? Or marriage problems?”
He spent the entire night with Dean pressed close, and would’ve been content to stay there forever if it weren’t for a notification on his watch telling him that he needed to report to Sonny’s office.
Cas nodded, not looking threatened by it at all. He took his stick from Dean and eyed the tip of it. “We’ll see. I haven’t played in a few years, but I used to be quite good.”
The second he turned the corner he pulled out his phone to call Charlie. “No time for formalities, Chuckles. I need you to meet me at the truck stop in like 15 minutes... bring your camera.”
Jask stood, taking a chance and crossing the distance carefully, making damn sure he gave Ares an opportunity to either move or tell him to stop if he wanted to. “Then, I’d take you apart… slowly.” He stopped right in front of him, leaving nothing but a couple of inches between them. “Run my hands over your skin, kiss down your body like I was unlocking some ancient mystery. Then…” he added, leaning in until their lips were almost touching, “I’d pin you down and make you
He comes instantly at the command laced in that voice, his body quivering under Castiel’s as he adds to the mess he already made. “Sofuckinggood! Fuck!” He struggles to catch his breath, but loses it again instantly when Cas fills him up again.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean finally sighed and stood up. “She was mean to Havoc too; he didn’t even want to smell her. Can I fire her?”
“You punched a
“Yeah, you should. Congrats.” Cas didn’t give a shit about college, but he wouldn’t piss in her lemonade.
Even as he reluctantly pulled his hand back, Jask moved in a little closer. “You know I’ll be in a suit, right? Tie and everything. This client requires me to look like a professional. Sure you can handle that?”
Enjoy.
“Why do you assume girlfriend? Could be a boyfriend.” Cas glanced at Dean again and sighed. “Probably just wishful thinking. He probably is straight.”
“Either way, we’re starting fresh. There’s a list here of potential witnesses we’re supposed to interrogate… Do we want to split up or stick together?”
Ares rolled his eyes and climbed in Jask’s lap. “My man never cheats.”
“Ah, fuck... Butc— I’m—” Dean moans loudly just before he comes all over that tool bench, sighing a laugh when he finishes. “Goddamn!”
“That's a billboard, Dean,” he deadpans. “Jack gave me my full abilities back. This is the day you die… And now our first official date is going to be taking out vampiric mimes and burning that barn to the ground… rebar and all.”
Cas didn’t waste time saying yes, he threw his arms around Dean’s neck and kissed him fully, deeply. If it wasn’t for the fact that their exes were in the next room, he’d have no reason at all to hold back.
Appreciating the effort Dean was putting forward, Cas pulled him into a hug once they got their bags settled. “It’s only for a night. Get some sleep and you can drive tomorrow.”
Abaddon showed up right as Benny was pulling back and plopped down next to him, reaching over to fist-bump Benny. “Hey, fuckers.”
He’d truly never been happier. When he made his way downstairs, Cas was sitting at the table with a cup of joe under his nose, staring intently at the Pathokinesis book as if it might burst into flames.
Now, since they’d avoided spending time alone as much as possible yesterday, they’d accomplished absolutely everything they’d needed to do that weekend and were faced with a day of nothing but each other. Cas already felt guilty. He knew Dean wanted a release, and while he
“Yes, it’s fitting, but in a good way. Mine’s September 1st, though… I can’t imagine there will be much of a celebration.”
On Wednesday, pay attention. I’ll be posting three chapters, so make sure you read all three!
Gabe sighs dramatically. “Alright. Luce and I got this, baby bro. Take a little vaca and get laid. Heaven knows you need it.”
Cas came over and refilled Dean’s glass. “I’m sorry I brought her up. I promise, it’ll just be us this time. Though... I should warn you, I was practically in Michael’s lap last time. Horror and I don’t mix very well.”
Cas runs to Dean, yelling for Michael to go help the others, and drops to his knees. A warm sensation floods Dean’s system and he feels himself coming to, coughing and spitting up the last of the blood. “Cas,” he whimpers, reaching out for him.
His hand moves faster as Dean gags around him, and before he knows what's happening, he's rolling over and bracing himself on one hand as he fucks into his fist, letting the tip of his cock drag along the pillow below him.
“No longer?” Dean blows a raspberry and sits up straighter. Giving up whiskey would be hard, but if it could help the man before him, Dean’s all for it. “That’s huge, Cas... I’ll do it with you.”
Cas rode him like his life depended on it, bouncing so eagerly his head was practically hitting the roof. He tried to angle his cock to come all over himself, but made a mess of them both. Ares didn’t mind, he brought some up to his mouth to taste and groaned. “Gods, your ass is so tight, Cas.” He ran his hands up Cas’ thighs and leaned in for a messy, breathless kiss.
“Cookin’ me food all day and fucking me hard when I talk too much shit. Pretty simple.” Dean shrugs and pulls out his phone, handing it to Cas. “Haven’t been fucked that good in... ever. And the food was actually delicious. I just— I needed...
“Awesome. You can get comfortable, Cas. Don’t gotta be in a suit all the time.” He walked over and straightened Cas’ tie. “Lock it up, Marine.” Dean winked and walked over to the fridge, and Cas’ stomach took its time righting itself.
“Yes,” he says quickly. “In the interest of honesty, you're paying me too much as it is. I don't mind cooking, though I also wanted to ask… do you have someone else that will do the dishes? I hate those, but will do them if it's expected of me.”
“Oye, Winchester,” the guard from his tour says as he approaches. “Yer work detail’s come in. Yer on landscapin’ duty. You've got one hour before you've got to report outside. Don't be late.”
He tugged on Cas’ hair to kiss his lips. “Is it all okay? I’ve never been this... touchy before.”
Dean’s mind started wandering about five minutes in.
“Okay, Cassy. Take all the time you need.” He leaves Cas’ office, but Cas doesn't miss the thoughts swirling through his brother’s head about transferring Dean back to D.
He waits as long as he dares before finally wrapping a hand around himself and stroking quickly. All it does is make him get louder. “Dean! Oh, f— right there, right —”
“I know.” Dean huffed a laugh and messily licked his lips. “Love how thick your cock is, Cas.”
will be your legacy… not Michael Havoc.” Cas wasn’t smiling, but he looked… proud. Deeply, irrevocably fucking proud.
“I want a burger and then pie. What about you?” Dean sat up straighter when the waitress came over and let Cas order for him. He pulled out his phone for the first time since they left and avoided her gaze.
“I’ll...” He took another long drink and then burped. “Um... I forgot. M’kay, see you soon.” Dean hung up. “Thanks, Cas. That was an idea... I mean a good one.”
“Oye!” the guard snaps. “Don’t even think about it, ya cunt. Move along.”
Cas plants a kiss to Dean’s skin and stands up again, rocking twice into Dean’s abused ass before pulling out and smacking his cheek with his heavy, spent cock. “You're so good for me, Dean. All the time. How did I ever get so lucky?”
“I’d just let you turn me, and we’d have monster sex all over this fucking state.” Dean slapped his ass and leaned in to nibble along his neck, sending shivers down Cas’ spine and making him gasp.
It wasn’t blind fury that raged through Cas, it was
Cas huffed an elated laugh and kissed him again. “Nothing, nothing at all.”
Dean chuckled, abruptly cutting himself off when one of his students looked over. “Sorry,” he whispered. “Someone sent me a video of cats knocking stuff off desks.” He blushed as they bought the lie and returned to their text, then looked back down at his phone.
Cas had been standing with his knees pressed against the side of the bed, knowing in his gut that this had been wrong. The second Dean said his name, Cas’ hand shot out and wrapped around Ishim’s neck. “Out.”
“Wow, you remembered all that? I need to step up my pipe game, huh?” He winked and pulled into their garage.
Ares’ hands found Cas’ hair and he arched his back with a small moan. “Cas... your mouth is so amazing. Gods, I’ll miss it.” He moved his hips in a circle before Cas pinned him in place.
“Me too, actually.”
“I’ve never met a demon I didn’t like,” Jask said playfully. “Was that your way of telling me she doesn’t bat for my team, and that I should stay away from her?”
Cas wraps his hand around Dean’s cock again and sends a pulse of something fucking incredible through it with a small smirk. “You won't even notice I'm gone.”
On Friday, Dean spends some time in Thursday’s office going over his GED practice test results. Sure as shit, he failed math — but the other four he passed with high enough scores that Thursday beams at him. “This is excellent work, Dean. Truly. Now, we can focus on the areas you need the most help in in math and maybe by the end of the year, you'll have your GED.”
Cas’ free hand went to his gun and he nodded, looking like he wouldn’t be able to deny Dean anything in the damn world. “Of course we can. Whatever you want.”
Cas bit his thigh and returned to his prize, breathing over the length of it and just barely ghosting over it with the ball. “That’s the point.” He wrapped his mouth around the head and flicked his tongue, closing his eyes at the taste.
“Dean?”
“I think you’re right. And how fortuitous, since we’ve
“I know.” Dean plopped in the bed with another sinful groan and rolled on his side. “J and I didn’t cuddle often either, but not cause I didn’t want to. He just had too much fucking hair and we both preferred big spoon.”
Cas blinked nodded, trying to shove the budding fantasies about Dean back down.
He stared, open-mouthed, with one hand on the doorframe to the bathroom. “Can I watch for a minute? For… y’know. Science.”
“Guess that asshat is alright.” He pressed play and smiled at how it sounded when the music kicked on. “You seem like a Jovi type. Tell me I’m right.”
Dean just hummed and nuzzled in more. “J cheated.”
with dead things, if you know what I mean.”
Cas was a ball of nervous energy as they arrived at the bookstore hosting the launch party. He’d been through this a bunch of times, but this was the first time he’d actually written what he’d wanted to. “Can you help?” He turned to Dean, fidgeting with his tie. “I don’t think it’s right.”
will be uncomfortable.”
“Mmm, fuck the gods. I’ve got the only one I care about right here.” Jask kissed him again, then rolled to lay next to him. “That was one hell of a wake up call, by the way. Are you volunteering to be my new alarm clock?”
“Sure, Dean. Sure,” Jask had the nerve to say, like he did
fight, or a… fight like the one he picked with me?”
“I can imagine, and I want that.” Cas leaned down and slid a finger inside of him, playing with his own come. “I love both positions with you.”
“Yeah, you can, Dr. Phil. Cause I’m not on your little couch.” He realizes how stupid that sounds, especially since he
Dean nodded enthusiastically. “Fuck yeah, Cas. Wanted you for a while. Do... do you?”
Dean nods, keeping up with Ares but quickly shushes Jask. “Alright, so when is his next appointment? I’ll friggin go.”
His cry was pure pleasure, and regardless of it being too fast, Ares was rocking back on his cock in seconds. “I always fucking want it, too. Fuck... Jask.”
Cas laid his head down on Dean’s shoulder to hide.
Part of him knew this wasn’t healthy, that teasing himself by talking to Dean would only make it worse. Texting him, trying to get a night off to play ‘pool’ with him, or whatever else might happen… it all sounded detrimental to his quest to accept the shift in his universe. He was reminded of a
He’d figure the rest out in the morning.
Immediately, he shook the thought from his mind - with a guy like Cas, once would
Garth shrugs. “I'm saying you
They don't have much more time to talk after that — the cafeteria starts to fill up and a line forms, and Az gets to work right away. He hands Dean a serving spoon and puts him in charge of the mashed potatoes. It's an effort to remind himself that he's not allowed to eat while on the job, but the second the other prisoners are fed, he eats about three times what he normally would.
He hit send before he could back out.
He nodded once, turning toward the door. “Understood, Sir. Please keep me informed as things progress. I’ll get my things when it is deemed appropriate and report to Mr. Charles’ house immediately.”
Dean huffed a laugh and imagined them blindly trying to touch each other for some anonymous public sex.
The waitress came back over with their drinks and informed them their food would be right out. Cas watched her disappear back around the corner. “Well,” he said as he turned back to face Dean, “you’ve got time to figure it out. But there are things you need to decide before we get back home.”
Jo was scrolling on her phone when he plopped his pretty ass down. She glanced up, her eyes traveling over him. “Huh. From the sound of things out there, I figured they finally mauled you.”
Cas brushed off the reporters and kept moving, but he was blocked by a wall of what appeared to be fans of Dean.
That thought sounded a little too tempting, so Cas hung up before he could say yes. After a moment, he rolled out of bed and went downstairs to the kitchen to greet Ares. “Hi.”
“Well, some of us still value friendships in addition to sex,” Cas countered. “But yes… we’d just finished.”
His brother grinned softly. “I sure didn’t. I don’t know how to tell her, though. I’m afraid she’ll just laugh at me to protect herself, you know how tough that shell is.”
“Everyone is talking about it.” She said quickly, annoying Dean further.
Dean gripped Cas’ slacks and licked into his mouth, moaning when Cas pressed their bodies together. Feeling Dean against every inch of him was nearly overwhelming, and Cas found himself carding his hand in Dean’s hair and ghosting his lips down the column of Dean’s throat. He whispered, “we should stop,” with absolutely no willpower to do so himself.
Dean leaned over and kissed his cheek. “You’re awesome, Cas. Fucking awesome.” He looked out the window and hummed along. “Bon Jovi rocks... on occasion.”
“Asshole!” Ares chuckled. “I’m supposed to be dead!” He sat up and looked around. “You guys still need to find the killer. He shifted, dummies, that’s why I’m dead.”
Dean pouted and then shot back his drink. “He got some attention last night.” He blushed, because
“That sucks. I work Sunday and Monday, but I’m off Tuesday.” Ares pulled up his fresh panties and laid down with Jask, sliding into his arms like he belonged there.
When the rhythm changed and P started stroking him while his mouth did sinful fucking things to the head of his cock, Dean came with a growl, releasing so hard his bowed legs buckled and slammed against the wall. P chuckled almost inaudibly and then licked him clean, as though what he’d already gotten wasn’t enough.
“Fine. I’ll just go home and jack off in your boxers.” Cas grinned and left the room before Dean could say anything back.
He didn’t know what to say to that, so after a beat of silence, she continued. “Alright, Novak. I’ll see you two on Wednesday with as much shit as I can fit in my Jeep.”
Cas rubbed his palm over his crotch and stayed still, clenching his jaw. “Far be it from me to interrupt, then. But if you’re pretending it’s me, the least you could do is move your hand right.”
They'd been in love at one point, or… as in love as a fallen angel and the father of murder could be. Truthfully, Cain would never get over his first love, and Cas… well, all he knew was that even then, it wasn't right. He was waiting for something, some
Jask pushed back, his knee knocking against the leg of the table, but he didn’t care. It hurt in all the best ways, and the noises Dean was making behind him pushed the discomfort from his mind. He kept his ass cheeks pulled apart for Dean until his own cock was begging to be touched, and finally let go but realized he couldn’t reach it anyway with the force of Dean’s thrusts. He rocked up on his toes and back down again, searching for that perfect angle that would have him clenching and coming untouched. Eventually, he found it. “Fuck… right there, right there… Christ, don’t you dare fucking stop.”
“It’s not that. We only have four days until we meet up with Jask and Ares again for the midway point, and I’d rather be able to talk to Ares before we take that last step. I don’t want to have any doubts.” It was only then that Cas realized Dean hadn’t said anything at all about sex, and Cas was automatically jumping to the conclusion that their singular, shared kiss would lead there.
“You too, Betty.” Dean kicked off the wall and walked back through the door they came from, not even bothering to straighten his hair.
Dean came across an interview being shared of a man claiming they slept together. “Ishim… wouldn’t I remember someone named Ishim if we actually hooked up? This is bullshit.” He clicked the video and the second he heard the man’s voice, he knew. “Cas… it’s the guy. The one that tried to hurt me.”
His expression didn’t change. “Okay… why’s that so bad? You’re gonna get about five thousand wedding gifts and it’s not like you gotta fuck her, right?”
“Morning. Hungry?”
Cas smiled at him and wrinkled his nose. “You’re dirty. Working hard today?”
Dean shivered, whether from the words or the feeling, Cas didn’t know. He kissed him fiercely and then backed up, darting into the bathroom. “Hang on,” he said. When he came back a moment later, his eyes were pink. “Ditched the contacts. I want you to see what you do to me.”
“Fuck... Cas... you’re a tease.” Dean pushed his hips forward, “suck me.”
“Dean… we have something we need to discuss and I want to see you when we do but I know that’s not possible right now, so can I FaceTime you?” Dean agreed, and when Cas saw his pink-tinged eyes, he realized he should have been more clear.
“I know. I almost fired all of ‘em. It was hard not to. They didn’t even tell me until you were packin’ your stuff.”
Cas smiles as he walks softly through the house toward the kitchen. "Like bacon, you mean. I can handle a greasy breakfast, I worked at the diner for years." He has his doubts that he'll be able to recreate the same flavor without an hour's worth of grease already on the grill, but he'll manage.
One of the other guards kicks the guy in the back of the knee. “You’re deesgusting, get zee fuck out of ‘ere.” He stops in the doorway as the inmate takes off and eyes Dean. “Ee’s not wrong, though. You ever need… mmm….
The damn sexual tension with Cas had only escalated over the past few weeks. Dean even found himself not wanting to text Jask back. He didn’t know why, but he had a feeling he just wasn’t what Dean wanted anymore. Jody was over, letting him know the upcoming schedule.
Cas tilted his head back against the wall and let out a breath, no longer
“Absolutely baby. Will you ride me and get me all dirty?” Ares grinned and bit his lip, and Cas groaned quietly.
He had a loving smile on his face when he locked eyes with Dean, and without hesitation he leaned in and kissed Dean on the mouth. “Hi, baby.”
pie.” He flipped his barbell between his teeth and stared at Dean’s hand on his leg, suddenly aware of how heavy his balls were. “It should be ready when we get there.”
“Brothers in arms.” Dean chuckles. “Guess this
“Mm,” he says with a soft smile. “I can tell. You've worked up quite an appetite solving crimes all day, Detective.”
Cas carefully wrapped his arms around Dean and smiled softly at the smell of his cologne warring for attention over the stench of alcohol. “Are you okay?”
“Yeah, as delicious as you are, I need food.” Dean rubbed his belly and sat up to get dressed. “So... you think when you came here last night we’d be here?” He grinned happily. “I sure didn’t, but I’m really happy, Cas.”
I can probably find work somewhere else.”
Cas kisses his head and holds him as tightly as he can, then belatedly remembers that their cell doesn't have a door and Ben could walk in at any moment. “We need to get dressed unless you want the entire town to see this in the morning.”
She gave him a look that suggested that right there was information enough, but stayed true to her word during lunch. They talked about her, mostly, which was probably a welcome change for Charlie as well as Cas.
Dean chuckled, scratching the back of his head. “Nah... don’t call off work. H—how was your day?”
“Yes, actually. I’d feel even better if we
The shift in Cas’ expression tells Dean that reading these letters will only bring them pain. He doesn't need to hear them, he knows exactly how Cas feels — he's never been more sure of anything in his life. “Cas, sweetheart,” he says quietly, reaching over to put his hand over the letter. “Put it down. All that pain… it's in the past, okay? All of it. From here on… it's just you and me, and nothin’ else matters. C’mon, you've got me all squirmy for cuddles now.”
“Wait, wait, wait. You tellin’ me you haven’t seen
“I like to wake up early. Once the kids wake up it’s chaos. It’s nice to have a cup of coffee in peace sometimes. Why are you up so early?”
Dean goes into his cell to change into his white shirt and orange pants for outside, and he
Cas squints — that seems like an odd thing to latch onto. “Yes, his brother went to law school there. Or, at least... that's where he started out. I'm not sure where he ended up. Why?”
He sighs, smiling as politely as he can. “No need to worry. I just lost track of time again.” He moves past her into the kitchen and checks the cupboards, which he finds bare. “Do you need me to go shopping for you?”
The pace Cas set was too fucking loud, and he growled quietly as he started stopping his thrusts just shy of actually smacking his hips against Dean’s ass. He finally wrapped his meaty hand around Dean’s cock to compensate and jerked him roughly, his fingers digging harder into Dean’s hip.
Dean glanced at the poster and smiled. “1967 Chevy Impala. Best car in the world. One day… Ima get one.” He turned towards the bar. “Wanna drink? Wait... you gotta go get comfy, man.” He motioned to his tight gray sweatpants and faded Metallica shirt.
“Always.” Jask watched him happily and then followed, caging him against the counter and kissing the back of his neck. He rutted forward, sliding his clothed length against Ares’ ass. “Miss you already, though. Guess I’m hungry for more than one thing.”
Dean got up and walked towards the bedroom door. Havoc was there in seconds, jumping into his arms. “Hey, Hav, where’s Daddy Cas, hmm? Let’s go find him.”
The door unlocked and Madison looked ridiculously proud of herself. “See… you think Sam would have chosen someone dumb?”
Slowly, Jask’s disgust turned to laughter. He flattened out on the floor as he slowly caught his breath. “Okay, I’m not even mad anymore. That poor kid… Oh my
Cas nodded, not moving a muscle from where he was still caging Dean. “Yup,” Dean said as he squeezed Cas’ body to his. “You’re not gettin’ him back, Ares. A trade is a trade.”
“It was a man. I’ve never actually been with a woman… I’ve never had any desire to.” Cas took a half step back and sucked in a breath like he hadn’t actually been able to breathe that close to Dean. “Have you?”
The rational part of Castiel’s brain knew it was way too soon to be concerned with marriage, and the fact that Dean was open to considering it at all was good enough for now. He shifted, straddling Dean and kissing him gently. “I love you, Dean. I don’t need anything more than that right now.”
Cole chuckled a low, promising sound just as Cas lost his shit. “Damnit, Cole! Can you be a professional for eight fucking seconds!”
“He pretty much does. And he didn’t really say no, just moreover pointed out he can’t yet. It’ll happen... in two fucking years.” Dean grimaced, drinking deeply at the thought that he’d have to wait that long. “If I don’t go insane by then.”
“Nngnh,” was all he got from Dean. Cas laughed, kissing up his chest and over his jaw.
He pulls him in and kisses him deeply, then lets his wings out and wraps him up. “I'm sorry that I didn't find you sooner, Dean. I couldn't stop the things that happened to you before, but I promise you now. I will do everything I can to keep you safe and make you happy.”
Jask huffed a laugh and backed him against the wall, pinning him there as he kissed him. “I always miss you. How’s Hera?”
Cole laughs again and takes a few seconds to respond. “Yeah, I’m good, bitch. Thanks for asking, friend.” He hangs up a moment later and Dean stays laying on the dock a while longer, thinking about how no one he knows can ever please him the way Cas does. In fact, he wouldn’t be surprised if he couldn’t get off at all with someone else. The only person that can get Dean off right now — that isn’t Cas — is Dean.
“Oh yeah, great. Fucker hung up on me!” He threw his phone against the seat.
The reality of it all hits Dean like a train and he pulls away, shoving his cock into his pants as he backs out of the cell. “Cas... we shouldn’t have done that. You’re— I’m— shit... I’m the friggin Sheriff and you’re supposed to feel safe with me. I just— you’re drunk, Cas. Fuck, I’m so sorry.”
Cas and Ares were in a deep conversation about how nasty cigars were while Dean and Jask got theirs lit.
Matt was still annoying. He followed Sam around like a lost puppy all day, laughing at every joke he said like he was a damn comedian.
Ares chuckled and bumped him back, a gorgeous grin spread across his face before he sped up. Jask was smiling from ear to ear as he followed, cat-calling and whistling just to be an ass. He suddenly got a really rude, really bad idea, and tripped Ares just as they got to the grass. As he tumbled, Jask pretended to fall too, catching himself so he was hovering just over Ares. “Whoops. Lost my balance.”
“We all knew, Cas,” Aunt Amara says with a chuckle. “Even Jimmy, he's just dumbfounded you actually admitted it after all these years. His brain will start functioning again at some point.”
he grunted, bumping Dean’s hip with his own.
By the time Cas had the coffee going, Dean descended the stairs, rubbing the back of his neck sheepishly. “Uh... mornin’.”
Cas kissed back and didn’t comment on the slip, it wouldn’t do them any good and quite frankly, he didn’t want to think about that, or anything else. He just wanted to worship Dean. “Let me take care of you today. Will you take a bath after coffee?”
“Sap.” Cas leaned in and kissed him, not caring who was watching. He could probably be perfectly happy with Benny. He was nice and the sex was good, it just lacked... something. He simply couldn’t pinpoint what it was yet.
He typed out: I guess that makes sense. I didn’t want to stop kissing you, P. I want to kiss you right now.
“Y’got me, big guy. How about you shut the fuck up and teach me a lesson, huh?” Dean grips the bar he’s cuffed to and tosses his ass back, huffing a deep laugh at the burn.
Cain's eyes flash black as he steps closer. “I can smell your fear.” He closes the distance and reaches out, wrapping his hand around Dean's throat. “Even if it's not you, I don't care. You're all the same, you all... took him,” he hisses, squeezing tightly enough to lift Dean off his feet.
It doesn’t faze them — they’re all smiles, and Miracle looks relieved to see Dean, but what’s  even more beautiful is Dean
was probably the car ‘Woody’ had bent him over, and he found himself hardening in his pants.
He washed up, feeling guilty that he didn’t get to clean P up like he normally would with his partners. Dean liked taking care of people, and amazing sex aside, he wanted to do more for Pegasus. Wanted to clean him and cook him dinner. He climbed in his truck, vaguely thinking about how he should have Baby in the next couple days. Normally he’d focus on that the second he slammed the dumb truck door, but not tonight. He was distracted by all things P. His phone chimed and he nearly jumped out his seat, another chime happened as he opened up his phone.
They slacked off constantly and tried to take advantage of the fact that Dean was ‘fun’. When he got them in trouble, they always had these shocked faces, like
Dean groaned and lifted his head to deepen the kiss. His cock lay heavy against his stomach as he ran his hands through Cas’ hair, dragging a hushed moan from him.
His friend smirked, slipping him his fake ID and handing his own over to Lisa, a wide grin on his face. She eyed it, knowing damn well they were underage, but sighed. “You two are idiots, but keep those on you. Plausible deniability on my part.”
Jask kicked him gently. “Ares is leaving Cas, whether it’s mutual or not. Nothing will be standing in your way but you, D. And I promise, a guy like Cas would be lucky to have you.”
It had to be real.
Lee strums the beginning notes of
by a demon, and his whole life after that is spent in constant pain and misery cause his dad became an obsessed bastard. Wouldn't it be easier to just think angels don't exist than to find out they really do, they just don't
Her eyes widened and she playfully smacked his arm. “Shut
“Jesus, he’s ridiculously stunning. 23, like I said.” He glanced down to read Dean’s bio and laughed so loud Jimmy banged on the wall.
Dean blushed because he
In the end, he didn’t care if they understood or not. Jask didn’t want to hurt anyone, but he was crazy about Ares and it had barely been a week and a half. He needed more of him every single day, and despite how amazing Dean was, Jask had never felt that way about him. He owed it to himself, and to everyone else, to see things with Ares through.
He looked down at his hand and the mess he made, grimacing to himself and cleaning up the best that he could before going back down to the kitchen. “What did I miss?”
He's got this.
Jask barked a laugh. “Hell no. I’m not getting embarrassed for you two to get laid. You do that all day, anyway.” He shoved it inside his jacket pocket. “Go get your damn tux on. Cas, keep it in your pants for a few hours.” Shaking his head, he turned back around and mumbled as he walked out the door.
“Fuck, I love you. I want you. I need you. Fuck, just c’mere. Please, Cas. Take me.” Dean doesn’t care how desperate and needy he sounds, he trusts Cas with all of him.
“I’m not either, but whatever, they probably don’t even know there’s even a hidden meaning behind the gestures. Take the damn photo.” Dean posed, his left arm over J’s shoulder with a lazy smile.
“You would have finished. You’re the most dedicated person I know, sweetheart.” Dean interlocked their fingers and laid his head back, still watching Cas with a lovestruck expression the way he always did.
He leaves, and Dean shifts on his feet. “Mr. Warden... Sir.”
With a deep, exaggerated frown, Jask huffed. “So angry, D. Wanna come on my face to make it better?”
Dean only teased a few seconds before diving in and sucking Cas off with every damn trick in the book, hoping he could make him feel even half as good as Cas made him feel. He rocked carefully into Dean’s mouth, keeping his moans low and fisting one hand in Dean’s hair while the other was tugging on his own.
Jask went a little slack-jawed and nodded quickly, practically inhaling his burger. He straddled Dean’s lap when it was time for pie and rolled his hips as he fed Dean, making sure that by the time they were shoving the plates aside, they were both more than ready for a different kind of dessert. As Dean’s cock sank inside of Jask right there on that couch, they were reminded why they always kept a bottle of lube in the drawer of the side table.
Leaving Dean had been hard. Cas knew he was in for an unpleasant 36 hours, but also that it was necessary, no matter what happened afterward. Ares was pacing, nervous for all the same reasons as Cas finally walked through his own front door.
Cas shook his head against Dean’s skin and curled his fingers into his shirt. “No, I doubt that would be appropriate. But maybe when we get home? You’re right, this is… nice.”
They posed like innocent assholes, and Lisa pushed the drinks towards them with a smile. “I better not regret this.”
They were in the showers this time, as planned, but P had a hoodie entirely covering his upper body. He walked up as P dropped his pants below his ass, and Dean instantly bent down to kiss along the only skin he could see.
Rowena raised an eyebrow and threaded her fingers together on her desk, then leaned forward. “Oh, have you? Come now, tell me who it is. You know I enjoy gossip.”
“You can try ecstasy. Couples would spill all that shit in 45 minutes no prob.” Dean chuckled and took another bite.
The chatter ceases the second Dean starts to sing, and it takes Lee a little bit to join in. Cas watches him with an expression that sure looks a helluva lot like love, and by the time he's done, grown men are crying remembering the families they left behind.
He instantly opens, unable to help himself, and he pulls Cas so their bodies are flush. “Cas...” he says between kisses. “I want you... now.”
Cas took a tentative bite and let out a quiet, tiny moan as his eyes fluttered closed. “No, feel free to brag. Seriously.”
“Yeah,” Adam laughed. “We also saw your boyfriend about kill the guy. How long have you guys been together?”
Dean’s face fell.
When he made his way to his desk, he had a text from Cas.
He could hear her smile. “He’s good, he’s getting in better shape without Dean feeding him table scraps every day… but I’m pretty sure Havoc misses him. He sits outside of Dean’s room and whines all night.”
The fact that Dean doesn't seem scared has Cas rutting up and gasping into his mouth, sucking his tongue and curling his fingers against his skin. “Cas…” Dean mumbles between kisses. “Take the rest off.” He kisses down Cas’ neck and grips his wings tighter, and Cas can't seem to do anything but moan for a moment, shaking under Dean until he loosens his grip. Cas’ eyes are unfocused and lust-blown as the rest of their clothes disappear.
Dean huffs a laugh. “That eyebrow is hot. I’d do whatever he says too... if y’know what I mean.” He takes a bite, trying not to feel too at ease here because he knows how quickly things can turn in prison, but it's hard not to relax.
“No.” Cas mumbled, his face contorting with worry and Dean sat up to get a closer look. “Stop!” His body jerked and Dean couldn’t hold back anymore. He didn’t want to wake him, worrying that would startle him. Instead, he wrapped him up and held him close, sighing contentedly when Cas nuzzled into his chest and relaxed.
P’s body vibrated under him with a shudder, and Dean’s cock slipped out of his ass as he turned. Dean barely got his eyes closed in time, but a moment later a soft hand was cupping his face… and P kissed him.
He grinned and huffed a laugh as he finished chewing. “There’s always food in this kitchen. It’s awesome. Feel better?” He pointed at Cas’ sweaty clothes.
A moment later, he came down the stairs in tight, thin sweater and jeans. “I couldn’t decide what to wear. Is that ridiculous? I know you’ll need to shower anyway and we’re probably not leaving for a while, but… hi. How was work?”
“I do,” he agrees. “But Dean… I think he needs to know.”
“Two over easy eggs, extra bacon instead of homefries and Texas toast,” his manager hisses. “Now.”
Cas lingered in that hug for a little longer than necessary, then quietly excused himself. He spoke to the nurses briefly, but they told him they couldn’t give him any answers and he’d have to speak directly to his neurologist.
Sam opened his mouth to speak and Dean cut him off again, "and why do you assume it will be me who kisses him? 'Have you kissed him yet?'" He mocked in a horrible Sam-like impression.
“Absolutely.” Ares walked over, pulling Jask right and kissing him. “I like being naked with you.”
If there’s ever been a time Dean thought he might die, it’s right now. He gets up with a groan, his aching cock at attention in front of him and he grips it, rutting into his fist right here where Cas can see and moaning like a whore. “Fuck... babe...”
Even if it was one of the hardest things he ever did, he deleted the picture and got up, wincing at the fully erect, needy cock hanging between his legs. “C’mon, buddy,” he muttered to it. “This is your fault, you barely even had Cas. No business getting so attached. You wanna come, then come, otherwise… don't look at me like that.” He grimaced as he palmed himself and made his way upstairs to take a shower… a very
“Dean? Sheriff Winchester?” Cas does a quick self-check, but not one part of him feels like he's recently had sex, and by recently, he feels confident in saying years. “No, nothing… nothing happened.”
Cas highly doubts he’ll ever do such a thing, but he nods nonetheless. “Yes, I think a tour would be good. And… this is sort of both a professional and personal question, so you don't have to answer if you don't want to, but… have you ever considered finding a Dom?”
“I appreciate it. I always tell you too and really it’s only been a few times for both of us. We really got it made, huh?” Dean held out his bottle for a cheers.
That look turned icy as she stared him down. “First of all, watch your mouth with me. I made you who you are and I can bury you with a single word.” She smiled abruptly, somehow looking even scarier for it. “You’ll be marrying Jo Harvelle next March, I’ve already sent the details to that useless handler of yours, Jack, and to your bodyguards. Jo has been brought up to speed as well. We feel collectively that this is the next logical step in your...
The next week goes by without too many incidents. Butcher wanted a blow job and Benny washed his hair again, but at least his ass had had time to recover.
“Heaven doesn't have anything to do with it, and that's not where I'm going. I just need out for a little bit. I've dedicated a lot of time to these prisoners and I'm afraid that if Dean tries again, all of it will crumble. I'll end up sneaking him out of here and hiding him from the law and then what? Everyone else here just has to suffer?” Cas keeps pacing, then goes to the fridge to pull that water bottle back out and squirts some whiskey into his mouth. “I've come too far for that. So have all of them.”
Spanking was another thing he and Cas enjoyed getting but not doing, it had been way too long since he had a good spanking.
text to set them back on the path to fucking in the room right next to yours.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m not a prude, Dean. You don’t need to be embarrassed or apologize — this is your house, after all.” He smiled lightly and flipped the pancakes. “And as for the rest… yes to that, as well.” He couldn’t look Dean in the eyes as he said it out of fear that he’d give too much away.
Cas shivered at the loss of Dean and knew that encounter would haunt him for years. “You’re welcome. Now, let’s go home.”
in fact on Ares’ couch. “I meant your work couch.”
Cas nodded a little with a small smile, wondering if that meant things between them were changing for the better, or if it was simply the beginning of the end.
Two chapters today (29 & 30). Posting will resume as normal next week for the final three!
Cas stopped when the trees started getting too thick to maneuver through without difficulty. But the view was gorgeous, and despite being completely out in the open, it was the most secluded they’d
“It’s not funny!” Jask grabbed the only throw pillow they had in the whole room and chucked it at him, then snatched his beer off the table and cracked it open. “I was trying to show you something.”
“I think you can. You’re braver than anyone I know. I’m not sure about someone messy coming here though, I might end up punching them. Imagine if they over watered our plants?” Ares ran a hand through his hair nervously.
Cas shoots Dean a grade-A bitchface and then turns back to his twin. “I don't know what you mean.”
Lee checks the clock and jerks his head back the way they came. “Dinner starts soon. Come on.”
The movie ended without anyone paying much attention, but it was getting late, and Jask wanted to get one thing clear. “So, we’re sleeping like this, right? Me with Ares, D with Cas? And everyone’s cool with that?”
Chuck’s laughter cuts through the silence and he holds up a hand. “God’s bisexual. Not gay.”
Cas made sure to constantly hit Dean’s prostate and his work paid off when it had Dean coming a second time before Cas was even close to finishing. He continued fucking into him and Dean moaned so loudly someone walked around the corner to check on them.
He somehow managed to get himself to work, which felt strange. His partner was happy to see him, but Cas couldn’t actually return the sentiment, because seeing his partner meant he wasn’t anywhere near Dean. The more time he spent in his cruiser, the more time he had to think about his options. He’d been a police officer for eighteen long years. He’d been shot, beaten, ridiculed and generally put his body through hell. He risked his life every single time he stepped out the front door. For all those years, the knowledge that he was helping people had been enough. But now? He had to decide if he was willing to keep putting his life on the line day in and day out for another two years, just long enough to be able to collect the measly pension he’d worked his entire life for.
Jo reached over and took Dean’s hand, squeezing gently and resting her head on his shoulder.
do it. It’s something you sign up for online, so no television show. And it isn’t only for wives, but this is crazy.” Ares handed Cas the phone to see the Facebook ad, and Cas turned a skeptical gaze on it.
“I’m glad you held out for the nicer girl, Jimmy. Abbadon will be fine, she doesn’t really have a soul, you know?” Cas took a bite of food, wondering why Gabe wasn’t there today.
“Yes, Sir. Food?” Dean smiled annoyingly wide, like he always did when he wanted something.
Dean guiltily takes a bite much too big for the amount of people staring at him, and he looks around the room like he didn’t hear.
“We can argue all day, but those asshats are all nerds… especially your boyfriend.” Dean ruffled her hair, earning himself a slap. She knew better than to argue, though; Sam read a new book every week.
“I heard he’s gay!!”
He glanced from vase to the childish grin on Dean’s face and laughed, a quiet sound that steadily grew as he shook his head and walked toward the door. “You’ve lost your pottery privileges, but congratulations. Now you get to clean me off in the shower.”
It didn’t take much to get him going, but he felt insanely guilty when his mind pictured someone else. Cas was absolutely stunning, but sometimes, his mind would picture a faceless man... a much bigger man that could pick him up and fuck him against their shower wall.
Dean pressed his forehead to the door and bit back a smile. “Why are you playin’ hard to get? You’ve seen me naked.”
For once, Cas managed to stay awake until Ares got home. He had a late-night dinner ready for him with candles lit on the table and soft music playing in the background in an effort to help him relax. After a quick kiss, Cas served him and took his place behind him, rubbing his shoulders. “How was work today?”
He spent the entire class thinking of his break with Dean and how cold he was today. Could that have been something he regrets?
Dean rubbed every inch of skin he had access to, moving his hips in slow circles.
He only played with it for a split second before he was pulling it out and gripped the base of his cock. “Go down baby... slow.”
That bottled up, sardonic laugh finally escapes. “I'm not surprised, if I'm being honest. He always seemed a little too self-serving for this.”
Cas can't stop the comparison in his mind to Dean. He requires a lot of maintenance… but is he worth it?
Doesn’t mean he's not nervous as hell, though.
He was just as desperate, Cas could feel it in the air as he sped up, chasing his own release, whimpering the most delicious sounds Cas has ever heard. When he came, he slammed inside, biting Cas’ shoulder as his muffled moan echoed all around them.
What he
Cas was quickly drifting off, but managed to get out one more text before he fell asleep without even bothering to plug his phone in.
Abruptly, Jask pulled his fingers out and stood Ares up, spinning him around. He wrapped one hand around his throbbing length and kept the other holding his hands in place. “Move. Fuck my fist… I want you to
Jask asks, making a face. “I'm not putting my seed anywhere except in this one.” He nudges Ares, who gives Dean an “I told you so” kind of face.
“Okay, I think we gotta call this Charlie girl to make the swap. Their records are showing you gotta go there, so… here, you call her.” Jask shoved the phone into Dean’s hands. He hated doing stuff like that; he was awkward and never knew what to say. “Do it.”
Cas leaned forward, dragging that damned tongue ring up the length of his dick as he added a second finger, scissoring slowly. He couldn’t fight the moan that escaped; everything Cas did was just
“You can trust us. Hell, you have to... not much choice, there.” Cole stopped the limo on the tarmac and glanced back at Cas. “You riding with Princess or do you want cleanup duty?”
“Yeah, point and shoot. The bad guys will explode right?” Dean turned to meet Cas’ gaze, biting back a smile.
way. “Your turn.” He held out the sucker while he chewed.
Cas smiled warmly, and Dean couldn’t tear his eyes away until the dumb bell rang. Cas touched his shoulder as he said goodbye, and Dean stared at where his hand was as he walked away.
Those powerful hands fisted in the sheets as he moved faster, baring his neck for Cas and moaning his name so quietly it was almost lost to the sound of the fan. That perfect, beautiful, tight ass bounced off Cas’ waist every time Dean took him all the way, and Cas couldn’t hold back anymore.
"No, they are. We had moments where we struggled, but we talked through them and we realized that some days are just bad days. Our marriage shouldn't have to end because we can't figure out how to use our words. Dean has grown so much, April, and with his growth, I learned that I also needed to grow. This separation was as much my fault as his." For the first time, Cas didn't overthink before responding, he let the words flow… and afterward, he felt better.
His eyes flared white after he blinked, and the grin he shot toward the camera would have been chilling if Dean didn’t already know it was all just a game. “Fucking knew it it was ol’ shifty eyes!”
quick. I double up on beans at dinnertime and let a few rip at opportune moments, no one comes near me. Sorry in advance, roomie.” The laugh he lets out is contagious, and Dean joins in, finally feeling a little bit better.
“No, he didn't tell me anything, and he's not my friend.” He frowns when he swaps cards and his hand isn't any better. “Just heard rumors, that's all.”
Dean laughed loudly, grossed out by the visual. “God, you’re foul. No, though, none of the girls. One of the guys. I’m tellin you, J. I’ve been actively having sex with people whose eyes weren’t that fucking pink.”
kinda sound.”
weird the situation was for all four of them. Like things had always been like that since the very beginning — not something that had just come about in the last two weeks.
If everything in Dean’s life made no room for Cas, than everything else could fucking go. All he needed was Cas anyway.
She stood, sighing like she knew this was coming. “As you wish, Dean. Say goodbye to this house… your life, your fans… and your bank account. Everything you own belongs to me, you
Cas caught him looking near the end of class and when Dean saw his hand palm at his crotch, his eyes shot up and met those delicious pink irises.
Disappointment churned in his gut, but he knew Cole would be leaving soon, so he had an excuse to walk away. “I’m going to shower before Cole leaves. I’m assuming by the time I get out that you’ll have things in order. Tell him to meet you at the Parkside across town and I’ll head over first. Cole can drop you off on his way home.”
Dean hangs on even though he can tell it isn’t necessary. Cas has him, and he’d never drop him. That thought alone has some of the terror he was feeling receding, but his instincts won't let him completely relax. Especially when he still doesn't really understand what just happened. “How many people did he hurt?”
Biting his lip, Dean tugged him into the shadows. “Kiss me, ass.”
“Shh,” he says softly. “Don't apologize, Dean. You were helping your brother... I never blamed you. Not for a moment.” He kisses the tip of his nose and continues over his freckled cheeks. "It just... took us a little longer than I thought to find our way back, that's all."
“With all due respect, the tale of me and my missing sock is still a better love story than Twilight.” He softened, turning to face her with a reluctant smirk. “And at least neither of us sparkle.”
The way Jimmy was looking at him made it obvious he didn’t have to actually answer, his eyes and face told him. “I don’t know.” He hated how small his voice was, but at least it was just him and Jimmy.
Ares smiled. “You’re lucky, I can’t even get Jask to tie it once.” He held out his arm and winked. “Want me to walk you down the aisle?”
Benny scoffed and rolled onto his back. His apartment wasn’t the nicest, but it beat jacking off at home. “A man always knows when his partner is thinkin’ bout somebody else. Especially when they’re inside them.”
gonna win
pretend it’s just a pie trip as he walks down the street.
Shifting, Cas kissed Dean’s chest and then his chin, eager to have his lips on any part of Dean he had access to. He yearned to go lower, to sink beneath the blankets and taste him fully — and suddenly, he couldn’t think of a reason not to. Sure, it would be a waste to try to have sex when they’d have to be quiet, constantly conscious of their exes sitting just outside. But sex wasn’t the only trick in the book, and Cas needed
“Yup! You gonna tell me not to?” Dean was still doing that idiotic grin that drove Cas crazy, and it was getting harder to focus.
“Yeah? I owe him some cookies then.” Dean orders them both a big breakfast and some coffee for himself, then smiles back over at him. “Your eyes are bluer when you’re sober, Cas... it’s breathtaking.”
He pulls back in surprise but huffs a laugh and just dives back in. He’s no stranger to weird, magical things, but he’s never had actual sex with anything but another human.
“Okay, yeah, I agree. I’m nervous but... I feel like this is real. Real enough to survive anything.” Ares halfway climbed into Jask’s lap and nuzzled into his neck.
Castiel’s pupils blow as he shakes his head. “I insist you keep it on, but make sure your slacks are down far enough. I don't want to get butter stains all over them.” He frantically starts peeling the tops off the small packets and swipes his fingers through the butter, fumbling as he starts to coat his cock. “Come here and turn around.”
“This car is fucking awesome! Woo!” Dean hit the steering wheel with a grin. “I’m obsessed with this car, Cas!”
“Shut up, asshat.” Dean lowered his voice and leaned in by Cas’ ear but they could still hear him. “I woulda waited forever for you, Cas.”
Having been one of those people not that long ago, Cas shuddered. “I don’t think that would be a good idea.”
get him one day. He’s coming around.” Jask grinned cheekily and ducked out the door, yelling back on his way to his house, “See you in the morning, Mr. Winchester!”
“Yes. Hoping this helps,” Henry joked. “I’ll watch out, just don’t take too long.” He nodded and stood near the door.
Despite keeping his eyes down and minding his own damn business like he heard he was supposed to, Dean barely gets through his dinner before he hears a low voice behind him.
“Then be a good boy and actually listen. Sit.” He nods to the chair and goes to wash his hands, smiling to himself when he hears Jask whispering to Dean. He's not sure if he wants to know what they're talking about, but when he turns, both of them are staring at him. “What?”
He groaned behind the wall and Cas was glad to hear it. They agreed not to speak, but hearing the man was enjoying himself was important to Cas, and it urged him on, already fully hard in his hand.
“They belong in hell!” The man grunted. “Get your knee —
Gorgeously flushed, Dean shook his head quickly as he made it into the room, tripping over his dress pants as he tried to kick them off. “Fuck… nope, no, can’t say I have. I’ve uh… okay, never actually been fucked by a guy period. Just pegged.”
“Navy. I think I owe them for a lot of crude jokes.”
Some of the students laughed, and Novak pulled off his Ray Bans to reveal brilliantly,
It's enough to make Cas’ pupils dilate.
Ares rolls his eyes at the word. “Stop being so outdated all the time. We don’t say shrink anymore.”
“Shit! Cas...” He moved to cover himself with his hands, blushing profusely. “M’sorry.”
Jask scoffed, tucking his thumb in the armhole of his suit vest. “You’re both too stuck on us to give a rat’s ass, and ya know it.”
“I don’t know how I ever got you, Dean. You’re gorgeous from head to toe.”
“I know. And I love you.” Ares turned his head and sniffed Cas’ hair, deeply wishing their love was enough.
play hard to get for a minute, see what he does.”
Amara sighed and nodded. “Go on, go ahead. Not like I have any control over you two, anyway.”
Jask thickened so fast in his pants he thought he’d break them.
Dean complied, sitting close enough so their legs were touching. “Yeah, we should.”
fucking hot. Dean arched his back and pushed down onto his fingers.
Jask pretended to decide between two pairs of jeans and held them up to himself, then glanced around like he was searching for a place to try them on. He felt ridiculous, but it wasn’t as though he’d done this before.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas smiled at the implication that they’d need to get married first, but didn’t want to overload Dean… and he had a plan for an
a twin if they were gonna do it at all, at least I don’t suck at everything.”
He didn’t miss the blush that time. “It’s just a sandwich, Dean,” he said quietly.”
Suddenly, she looked almost embarrassed. “I didn’t tell you? I’m sorry, sweetie. Your history teacher is coming for dinner, Mr. Winchester. He’ll be here in less than five minutes, get
After the door shut, Dean shook his head. “He’s asking Ares to move in with him and he’s worried it’s too soon.” He slid his hands down Cas’ body to the back of his thighs and picked him up, smirking at the look on his face. “But, if you don’t mind... I’ve got somethin’ way better to focus on right now than Jask.”
When he finally bottomed out, he groaned into Cas’ neck, kissing up his jaw lovingly. Dean could feel he wasn’t about to last long, and when he reached around to stroke Cas he could feel he was leaking too. He pulled out and slammed back in, instantly finding Cas’ prostate with a grin. “You gonna come all over your desk, baby?” Dean nipped Cas’ neck and found a slow but deep pace.
“I deserve one every few years. You got this.” Dean leaves the station with a grin and after filling his belly at Missouri’s diner, he makes his way to the bar. It’s been years since he visited the bar out of uniform, but the warm smiles from all the townsfolk help ease some of the shame. He doesn’t feel judged at all, and it helps him order his drink confidently. “Hey, Az. Can I get a whiskey? Straight.”
The squeak Dean releases under him would make Cas laugh if circumstances were different. “Tetanus?? I was friggin’ impaled, Cas.” Dean squirms under him slightly, finding he can’t move at all. “Cas. I should be the one pissed at you!”
“Hey, D. I missed you!”
“Sure, I’ll take one.” He accepted the bottle when Dean came back and took a sip, nearly spitting it back out when the meth lady tried to shove her boobs in the officer’s face. “Gods, I’m glad we don’t do drugs.”
“Nope. He can’t have you, I’ll fight him,” Ares joked. “Wait, how much taller is he? Will I lose that fight?”
“God... the
“I’m a nice guy.” He shrugged and adjusted his position so they were much closer, and tucked them both in the blanket. “See?”
“Of course.”
“Oui,” he grunts, planting his feet on the couch and slamming up as he strokes Dean faster. “Ahhhh, shit… I could die in this ass and be happy.”
Silence stretched for a moment as Cas poked the pie with his fork. “I knew what I was signing up for, Dean. I didn’t make this decision lightly, despite how quickly it was made. I will apologize yet again that I’m not as laid back as Cole, or as funny as Ben, or as motherly as Jody, and if you’d prefer one of them...” Cas shook his head, dropping his fork and sitting back. “No, actually. You’re stuck with me, because I don’t trust any of them the way that I should be able to trust a team.”
Cas gasped quietly and held on tight, hardening a little between their bodies. He didn’t care where they stayed, he just knew they needed to make it there quickly. “There’s only one bed... I forgot.”
“People askin’ questions? Gimme a peck so they shut the fuck up.” He whispered while kissing her ear. They kissed nearly every day on set, this was no different. They interlocked their fingers and made their way inside. “And there’s the bar. Can I get you a drink, darlin’?”
“Umm....” A small smile formed on those beautiful lips. “Cuddles... blowjobs?” He chuckled at his joke and then finally met Cas’ eyes. “And kisses... gonna let me kiss you, sweetheart?”
“Oh,” Cas said, so low it was practically a moan. He stared at their joined hands and shook his head, not moving away. “You don’t stink. And no… your hands are… perfect.” That last word was barely audible, and being so close, Dean could see the guy actually shaking.
They walked inside — hand in hand — and were led to a booth. “What you in the mood for, Betty?”
Dean grunted, bracing himself as best he could. “M—my face. Wan- taste it.”
could take a damn joke, you wouldn’t be in this mess.”
By the time Cas realizes he said that out loud, it's too late.
tell them, just... not until it's time to leave."
Cas melted into his arms and inhaled his scent. He smelled like home, which he knew made no sense. How could Dean smell more like home than his aunt’s? “Thank you.” His hands curled into the fabric of Dean’s shirt as he clung to him.
They may not have been able to keep their hands off each other before, but that was nothing compared to the moment they walked through the door after leaving Dean’s — and every moment after.
“I've already told you what he was like, sort of. He had a bit of a traumatic childhood and it darkened him. There were days when he couldn't see how much he was worth, how truly incredible he was. But he never gave up, not on himself, not on me… not on anyone. He’s the strongest man I've ever met. The most loving man I've ever met. But… in the end, that's exactly what drove us apart. He spent his whole life taking care of his brother after their mother died. Their father wasn't around much, and when he was, he… wasn't kind to them. He did what he could to make sure his brother was safe, happy, and stayed in school. His brother ended up getting a full ride to Stanford, but refused to move across the country without him. So… he went.”
“Where the hell have you been, Luci? He told the rest of us a while ago.”
“I haven’t fucked anyone else since you left, and I’ll get tested again to be safe.” Dean sucked the head into his mouth, still staring up at Cas like the admission didn’t just unravel him.
There's a sadness there that Dean wishes he could sing away with one more song, but even when he fails, it's still the most gorgeous smile he's ever seen. He doesn't want to go a night without it.
he whispered was almost inaudible, and he moved out of the way, clearing his throat and palming himself. “Damn, Jask... you’re a tease.”
Jask met it, then turned Ares around and pushed him against the wall a moment before he began working the plug back out of his ass. He kept Ares’ panties pulled to the side as he slid two fingers into him, groaning at the slickness from the lube. “I always want it,” he whispered, coating his cock and nudging into Ares a little too fast.
He checked out the house as they went and Cas couldn’t help but compare it to Dean’s. Ashton’s home was closed off and unwelcoming compared to Dean’s, with its glass walls and open floor plan that made everyone who set foot inside of it feel welcome.
The force of it knocked the breath from Cas’ lungs and he dug his nails into the man’s back, holding him close. “Who - what?”
Stupid, always-in-the-way Sam clears his throat, and Cas breaks the kiss long enough to turn to look at him. “No. I absolutely refuse to believe that I went through
“Okay.” Cas exhaled slowly. “Dean... why do you feel you don’t deserve my love?”
The lube was next to the couch, but there was no rush. Just sitting together sounded so enticing, Dean felt like a kid on Christmas. He set out a few blankets and pillows for them on the floor, and set up the scene to look like a winter picnic.
“Sounds too good to be true. And who’s this Thursday guy?”
There's ham, potatoes, stuffing, sweet bread, and vegetables Dean doesn't give a shit about laid out for them, and the guards actually serve them themselves. Cas brings Dean and Lee their plates and sets them down. “Eggnog, water, or coke?”
“Fuck... fucking hate hiding.” Dean sighed and laid his head back against the wall, looking so flushed and kiss-swollen it made Cas ache. “Come over on your next day off.”
Dean huffed a laugh and playfully rolled his eyes. “Yeah, yeah. I said please, and I ain’t too proud to say it again. I want you, I need you, please fuck me, baby.”
“I don’t suppose you also thought to bring lube in here, did you?” He let go of the plug and rubbed his palm over Dean’s exposed ass, moaning quietly and gently smacking upward so Dean’s cheek bounced.
He snapped the picture, grinning when he saw how good they both looked. “You’re right, we’re absolutely the two most adorable assholes on the planet. No way they can resist us, at least not for long.” Jask sent the email and tossed his phone onto the couch, then pulled Dean into a kiss. “Less than two weeks, which means I want you at least twice every day between now and then.”
the dog.”
Woody pushed his spent cock further in and deepened the kiss as his left hand gripped Cas’ hair to keep him there.
He tilted his head against the wall and fixed his pants, adjusting himself and squeezing his fully hard cock. “Please don’t be angry with me.”
Cas smirked, tentatively lifting up and slowly sliding back down, watching the flutter of Dean’s eyes and the flex of his muscles. “Feels good, Dean. So good.” He tipped his head toward the sky, braced his hands behind him on Dean’s thighs, then started bouncing.
The guard swallows and pulls off to lay back on the ground, fucking up into his fist with a strained moan. “‘Urry up, I’m—”
“You don’t need to apologize, Dean. It’s not as though you’re the only one that does it.”
There were few aspects of Cas’ job that he enjoyed less than being on set with Dean. It was boring and seemingly never-ending; he honestly didn’t know how anyone found acting to be an enjoyable career path.
He laid in bed, horny and frustrated. He tried to get himself off using just about everything; porn, the video Woody had sent, his own imagination regarding the things he’d do to Helltown High’s gym teacher, his favorite, thick dildo… but nothing pushed him over, and all he really managed to accomplish was to edge himself roughly a half dozen times.
“Again?” Dean chuckled. “It’s that monster cock of yours. He won’t be contained.” He leaned down to bite the hell out of J’s asscheek, just because he could, and then walked toward the bathroom to wash up.
“A week? Come on... I’m asking for like a few minutes of eye fucking...”
Dean rolled his eyes and ruffled her hair lightly. Not hard enough to mess up her professional ‘do, but enough to stress her out about it. “You should get that looked at. Just a mop up there now.”
and tossed the remote aside. “I won’t let you nap, ima be quoting this movie to you until the credits.”
“Mmm, well I love it.” Dean kissed him and then moved to straddle him. “Think this chair can even hold us?” He looked at the legs of the chair, and Havoc took that as his cue to jump up on Cas, too.
hear him.
“I was, but... it’s because the thought of living with someone unfamiliar makes me nervous. We don’t know how they’ll act, how messy they’ll be, if they’ll try to change things. It’s as much about them altering our lives as it is the other way around. But I think I can handle it.”
that question, but… this one was predictable.”
Cas scanned the books one by one, but the last one wouldn’t come off the shelf. He tugged on it again, but instead of it coming free, it stuck - teetering on the bottom of the spine. Behind him, the sound of stone scraping against stone practically had him jumping out of his skin. He whirled around, the beam of light unsteady thanks to how badly his hand was shaking.
Dean led him to the locker room, into his office and grabbed his lunch box. “You’re lucky I brought extra, but trust me, you’ll like it much better.” He pulled out a container of leftovers and shoved it in his small microwave, pulling out his phone and huffing a laugh. He typed something quickly as the food warmed, and was still typing when Cas’ phone vibrated.
Dean checked out his face slowly and licked his lips. “How could someone ever want to punch that face?”
“If I die, it’ll be a good death.” Ares chuckled as he imagined himself dropping dead from arousal. It didn’t sound too unrealistic at this point, and if he could help it, Jask would die right alongside him.
“Probably. I suppose we can ask them ourselves in a few hours. I really do need to go after this…” But even still, they took their time, washing every inch of each other’s bodies.
“How? What about someone’s sexual preference makes them different? Doesn’t mean anything in the scope of life, Jask. I’m gay, you have anything else to say about it?” Jask’s eyes widened, but he quickly played it off.
Soft lips pressed just above his nipple. “Then cut your hours back. I’m already making more than enough off the other books, if you dropped back to part time... you could have the best of both worlds.”
“Fine, but I’m not chaperoning this dance. No way.” He was putting his foot down.
“Okay, let’s give them a minute.” Astarte ushers the family to the living room.
Cas shrugged as he watched Kevin scramble into the locker room to get his things. “As usual, I procrastinated the things I wanted to do the
"Speaking of..." Cas licks his lips and jerks his head toward the door. The mere mention of Dean's ass has him wanting to break his own rule and touch him before their store trip, so the second they're alone, he slides his hand in the back of Dean's sweats. "Any spoons up there I should know about?"
For several seconds, all Cas could do was stare at Dean. He was caught so off guard that the rain wasn't even bothering him anymore. “Are — are you serious? Dean, you could've just —”
“Yes, but I think I’m caught up for now. I was trying to fill in my notes for the project, but…” he trailed off, licking his lips and avoiding Dean’s gaze. “We should eat first, and then talk about why on earth your job kept you so late tonight.”
Though, Miracle really should be housebroken by this age… do you think he did it on purpose? Defacated on their welcome mat?”
“Then that’s what matters.”
“Did Sonny get mad about the party? That wasn’t his fault, man.” Dean ran a hand through his hair.
Dean rolls his eyes and shoves him playfully. “Put him in a headlock again and I’ll have to take you out, buddy. That was your free Jask pass.”
Dean mumbled something but instantly fell in line. Cas was so close he could smell him and those damned green eyes were ridiculously intoxicating. Not to mention
“No.” He makes a note and pinches his brows together. “Any addictions? Gambling? Drugs? Alcohol? Sex?”
Dean follows and climbs inside, fumbling with his keys. “Speaking of the whole top/bottom thing. How’d you know?” He looks over with his
It took him a solid two minutes to work up the nerve to even knock. Once he did, he nearly bolted back to the safety of his car, but Jimmy opened the door before he could.
“You always a smart ass, Loreal?” Dean walks in front, chuckling until he sees Butcher. He looks down, trying not to flinch too hard when he sits.
“What’s wrong?” Dean sat up straighter, staring at Cas’ face.
“So perfect you want to go on another Pathokinesis date with me? I realize things have progressed between us, but… I’d still like to see the project through to the end, if you wouldn’t be opposed.” Cas looked nervous, as if there was a single chance Dean would say no.
a war zone, huh?” He briefly tells him about his dad’s experience in the military, but the topic threatens to derail his mood again so he moves on quickly. “I didn’t see you singing, Angel. I wanna hear it.”
“What?! Don’t be crazy, Dean.”
”No, thank you. I don’t eat or drink while I’m on duty. I’ll be fine, but I appreciate the offer, nonetheless.” Cas took a spot near the wall and folded his hand over his wrist in front of him, but even that felt wrong. That was the wrong game room, the wrong house, the wrong actor.
“You got it.” Dean stripped down and pushed his cock down to lay on his stomach. “C’mon baby. Show me you wuv me.”
He checked his watch again, hoping Cole would hurry up. Cas wanted out of that room and off his shift, before he did something incredibly stupid like
When he made his way out into the living room, Benny was waiting for him with a stranger. Cas immediately distrusted him, he was tall with a long, sneering face and an aire about him that suggested he wasn’t to be trifled with. “Ben? Who is this, and why is he in my house?”
“Why? Gonna get him fired if I tell you?” Cas asked.
“Hm,” Cas huffs. “If only that were the case all of the time.”
Dean’s eyes widened. “That bitch! She should be old as fuck by now... how old did she look?”
He tried to quietly suck in a breath, but he knew Dean could hear it. “What…”
An hour later — because he’s a princess — Dean was walking out, ready to go. “Let’s get this road on the show, Benny—o. Jo’s meetin’ us there, and I’m getting fucked up tonight. Slap me if I say some gay shit.” He walked out to the car, ready for a distraction.
There's no way a full five go by before Frenchie follows him in, and the second the door shuts, he backs him toward the couch and falls backward onto it, pulling Dean with him and into a kiss.
“She said it all will change, if not, it can all wait. It may die away over time, but I believe—” The door bursting open makes Dean jump from his seat, but when Castiel Novak walks inside, he can’t help but grin. These drunken nights with Cas are always the highlight of his day, and although he can continue singing to him if he wanted, he wants to help him get settled first. “There you are. Was starting to think I’d get through a whole album before you got here.”
Though Cas wasn’t due to start his new job until the following Monday, he still made a point to practice the drive to the office, just in case. The entire ride there, he found himself squirming in his seat at the familiarity of it all, but assumed that it was just another Small Town, USA, and they were all pretty much the same.
