As the sun crested the horizon, Dean left the lilies behind on the grave and turned his back on them.
He and Dean’s dad, John, had served in the Marines together decades before. They’d been best friends, buddies at arms, the perfect duo, and the only ones the other could trust.
He told her all about how Cas was back, how Dean felt at the coffee shop the day before, how his heart still skipped a freakin’ beat everytime they made eye contact.
Claire, Cas’ niece, stood in front of Dean, staring down at him with an impish grin. Her blonde hair was pulled back tight into a braid, showing off her multitude of ear piercings that would’ve broken the dress code at any corporate store. She stood loosely, a relaxed posture that made it seem as if the very weight of the world could roll right off of her shoulders and she wouldn’t care. Dean knew differently though. He could see behind the dark smudge of eyeliner, studded leather jacket, and tough exterior she tried to present. He could see the bags under her eyes from late nights studying, and the ink marks under her nails from writing.
Jody Mills, the town sheriff, was one of Dean’s favorite people around. She and her wife Donna were fixtures of the community, and almost singlehandedly responsible for Lawrence’s tolerance for LGBT couples. It was hard to harass Donna when she was busy delivering baked goods to the local hospital or running donation drives for impoverished communities just outside the town limits. It was harder to harass Jody when she was the one with handcuffs on standby and held very stringent views regarding punishment for hate crimes.
“Use the code for yes if you feel the rocks underneath you giving way. Give me a chance to pull you to safety,” He shined the flashlight towards the felled tree, “I think we’re going to have to check the brush under there,”
He sighed, eyes falling back to the book in his hands. He’d never actually bought one of Cas’ books. The man had released almost six of them in the time since they’d last spoken, and he hadn’t bought a single one. Man, he was a shitty friend. Ex-boyfriend. Whatever.
strolled right up to the gates of the cemetery, wrapped in an oversized, tan trenchcoat and flanked by an advert salesman and teenage biker wanna-be.
“Meet up at the town square by four. We’re gonna get as many people in on this as possible and it’s gonna take some time to arrange. If he’s been gone for as long as you think, we’re gonna need as much man power as we can get,”
“Jim, we’re gonna be lucky if the weather gets over thirty degrees, and you know the water’s gonna be even colder than that. A bunch of drunken idiots driving around rickety boats that weren’t originally built with motors in mind down a freezing river? Where anyone could tip over and fall in? That’s a recipe for disaster. Remember what happened when Chuck tried to go canoeing last February?”
Dean knew he was only this worried because he felt slightly guilty. If he hadn’t been the last one who’d laid eyes on Jimmy, he wouldn’t be this worried about the man’s whereabouts.
His eyes were the worst part. Even in the dim reflection, he could see how the worry weighed on his brows, dragging them down into a pathetic expression of fear.
“Hey, Cas! We weren’t expecting you! Did you order a drink?” Jimmy’s voice was borderline angelic in its innocence. Dean suppressed a glare. What game was Jimmy playing at?
characters to you. You listen to them, analyze them, and then write them down in your little books. Don’t think I’ve forgotten about Dean and Jensen,”
Dean’s heart sank. Cas was going to ask him to build the stupid boats, and Dean wouldn’t be able to say no. How could he say no to Cas?
The two of them were silent for a long moment. Dean’s heart pounded in his chest. Cas was looking at him with that stupid, adorable face – the one where he pinched his eyebrows together and squinted his eyes, head tilted at just the right angle.
The cold only served to make him nervous, though, unlike the annoyance it would normally invoke. His mind kept rotating around Jimmy. Was he lost somewhere down the river, an icicle wearing a nice watch?
They’d left their cell phones on a rock near the riverbank, not willing to risk the water damage. Cas had loaded his chest pocket up with flares, and a flare gun he’d found in Dean’s closet. Dean held the flashlight.
“Why, yes, Sammy, I do happen to think murdering a bunch of people because of one idiot’s harebrained idea is a little overdramatic, thank you for noticing,”
Jimmy stared at him, irritation evident in his face. Dean’s body felt like a live wire, ready to set something ablaze at any moment.
If Castiel didn’t know any better, she’d sound like the perfect picture of innocence. He knew better.
anyways i still refuse to edit my drafts, especially when they took this much fuckin energy to write
It took twenty more minutes, and several more falls from Jimmy before Dean put his foot down and called it.
Shrugging the thoughts away, he continued to methodically stab his way through the icy mud, cursing under his breath every time he so much as thought he lost his balance. Hard work, indeed.
Dean knew that regardless of what Bobby asked for, Dean would also have to pick up something warm for him. Chicken soup and some coffee, maybe? Anything other than the swill he kept by the shop coffee machine.
That being said, chapter four probably won't be updated on Monday (02/01/2021), and I'm sorry for that. Mondays will probably remain my usual upload days, because I write most of my chapters on Sunday nights, but I'm going to have to hold off on confirming that for sure.
As the hours ticked by, and the night grew shorter, Castiel felt his nerves ratcheting up more and more. Every minute that passed was another minute that Jimmy was out of his reach. Castiel could feel his blood pressure getting higher and higher as the moon descended on the sky and the beginnings of dawn creeped at the horizon.
He never let Cas know it was him leaving the flowers, although Cas probably wondered who the mystery mourner was. It was private, an apology between him, God, and his ex-boyfriend’s parents that he left under the cover of the early morning gloom. He’d have to pick up flowers tomorrow.
Castiel stared at the bird poop again, wishing that something would happen to derail this conversation. Anything. A car accident, a phone call, any sign that there was a god listening in on Castiel’s suffering and was willing to lend a helping hand.
The loveseat was smaller than Dean had initially realized, and he cursed himself internally for not opting to sit in a larger chair. Cas’ oversized trenchcoat was brushing Dean’s leg, sending sparks straight to the base of his spine.
Castiel, on the other hand, hated sparks. He hated the feeling of fireworks buzzing under his skin. Maybe the people who liked them only did so because they experienced it so rarely. Not Castiel. He experienced it ever damn time someone touched him.
He did it every year. A dozen white lilies laid on the graves of the people whose deaths he felt directly responsible for. With everything happening this year, between Eileen’s pregnancy and Sam’s school and Dean’s own work schedule, he had almost forgotten. Thank God he hadn’t.
It was cold as balls by the time he finished his purchase. Claire had handed him the wrapped-up book with a wink and smile, promising to tell her uncle Cas about his latest book sale. Dean glared at her and told her that if she did, he’d be sure to rat out her favorite smoke spots to her dad. She immediately backed off, throwing her hands in the air as if to say
That, in and of itself, was not surprising. Jimmy was his own person, and he could handle himself. Castiel tried his very best not to let it bug him.
Cas was standing awkwardly by the bar, his blue eyes wide with surprise and what Dean assumed was discomfort. The poor dude looked like a deer caught in the headlights.
Bobby greeted him with a grunt, the same way he did every morning. Dean was used to it by now. He knew Bobby didn’t mean any harm by it; he was just a crotchety old man who cared more about Dean than Dean’s own father ever had.
A young man proposes to the love of his life, only to be rejected. It was a depressing story to tell, one his publishers had balked at when he’d first submitted it. Honestly, he was pretty sure that if it weren’t for his previously established reputation for storytelling, the
“That’s your problem, Jim. I’m not the one who promised them the fuckin’ rodeo. You did. Deal with it,”
Everyone knew that the fourteenth of December would mark the thirteenth anniversary of the car crash that had taken Naomi and Michael Novak.
Cas sprung to life like a cornered tiger. He started kicking and pummeling Dean’s shoulders, his chest, his back. Sobs cut through the air. Dean held on as tight as he could and began struggling towards the house. It wasn’t easy. Cas didn’t make it easy. Somehow, though, miraculously, Dean made it back to the house.
His ex-boyfriend-slash-ex-bestfriend usually made an appearance in town around this time of year. Dean only ever knew about it from the local papers.
“It is not,” Jimmy formal inflection reminded Dean that, despite the differences, Jimmy and Cas were still technically twins.
“NOVAK, 2007 PRIUS, SUSPENSION REPLACEMENT” was first on the docket, written neatly in Bobby’s ex-military handwriting.
“I’ve got an order for a broccoli cheddar, and another order for a chicken soup, chicken salad, and a tomato rice soup,” Krissy announced to the almost empty diner.
“Personally,” Castiel began, voice quiet, “I’d take anything sudden. Something where I don’t know I’m dying until I’m dead,” He remembered what it was like to expect death. He didn’t want to ever experience that again. He rubbed at the graft scars on his wrist.
He was very, very desperately trying to keep his mind blank. He didn’t want to think about the reality of his situation. He’d managed to do a successful job so far, by keeping his eyes on his drink, counting the swirls of the cocoa powder as they moved across the surface.
He liked Ellen. She was easy to talk to. He never had to pretend to be something he wasn’t, never had to pretend to understand the finer points of conversation. She wasn’t a metaphorical speaker. She said what she meant, and she meant every word of what she said. It made conversations with her so much easier. Not to mention, she had a poker face to rival his own, and didn’t get offended when he was stone-faced during their conversations.
Castiel, on the other hand, stimmed by rocking his head back, picking at his fingers, and a whole host of other, less palatable habits. He certainly looked the part of an autist. Dean passed as neurotypical, albeit as a neurotypical with authority issues.
On an almost weekly basis, he had to put on his mud boots, grab his trash picker, and pluck bits and pieces of debris from the river bank that were deposited on the edge of a particularly rough bend in the river’s path. It was hard work, sweaty in the summer, and slippery, potentially deadly work in the winter. Slipping into a swift-moving, ice-cold river in the middle of a Midwest winter? Not a good idea. Plus, there was no telling where the next river deposit point was. He could get dragged for miles and no one would know where to find him.
He wasn’t sure why he continued to come here every year. Hell, he wasn’t sure why he ever came here in the first place. He and his parents had never gotten along. They had never truly understood him. Sure, his autism probably had something to do that. He’d be stupid to deny it. Still, he couldn’t help but think it probably went deeper than that. He wasn’t the child they had wanted. Jimmy had been. He sometimes wondered if they’d have been happier if only Jimmy had been born. They’d certainly still be alive if that were the case.
Castiel closed his eyes, inhaling the scent of the Impala, a luxury he never thought he’d have again. When he opened his eyes again, he caught Dean staring at him with a look on his face that Castiel was pretty sure was curiosity.
“Then I’ll go to Kansas City, see if I can find anyone there who’ll do it!” Jimmy’s voice was getting heated. Cas stiffened next to Dean. Too late, Dean remembered Cas’ issues with raised voices. Jimmy, it seemed, did not notice.
It was a little ritual he had, a private one he indulged in whenever Cas announced a new novel on his website. He’d grab a coffee from the little shop next to the bookstore, wander around for about half an hour poking at books he’d never even think about reading, before eventually building up the courage to head back to the front of the store and grab Cas’ new book from the table the shop set up for releases they wanted to push hard. Then, he’d take the book and his coffee, find a chair somewhere, and sit with the book in his hands until his coffee went cold, trying to muster up the courage to open the damn thing up and just fucking read his ex-boyfriend’s stories already.
Castiel rubbed a hand over his eyes, exhaustion seeping out of every pore in his body. The phone call from his publisher had left him feeling more tired than he would’ve thought possible, and he wasn’t quite sure why. It had been just standard, run-of-the-mill, congrats-on-the-new-book stuff. Nothing intensive. Nothing crazy.
He pulled his shirt off slowly, the wet squelching echoing through the room. Dean helped him guide it over his head. Cas’ eyes were a million miles away when Dean looked at his face.
The water clinging to his skin froze immediately in the cold air. Cas stood before him, a mixture of terror and panic and anger warring on his face. He didn’t say anything, just pulled a flare out of his chest pocket, loaded it into the flare gun, and fired it high into the sky.
He didn’t realize how long he had been staring until his phone’s alarm went off, signaling time to head back to Bobby’s. The ringtone was sharp, jarring against the otherwise serene ambiance of the park.
“Whatever?” Jimmy didn’t seem to catch the shift in the mood, “Don’t ‘whatever’ me. I don’t have to let you go on this trip,”
Castiel trained his eyes on a speck of bird poop on the windshield, a solid fixed point that was more pleasant to look at than his brother right now.
He liked it when it snowed. It reminded him of when he was younger, before the realities of life had caught up to him. When it snowed, he could close his eyes and imagine what it was like as a child, when his mom would wrap him up in a warm scarf and send him outside to play, promising hot chocolates for him and Cas when they got back. The memories were a nice buffer against the cold. They were also a nice thing to focus on when he was trying to avoid thinking about how much shoveling he’d have to do later.
His eyes scanned the banks, looking for anything strange or unusual trapped in the mud. A lost leather, wing-tip shoe. A suit jacket.
Even Superman had kryptonite, though, and Castiel’s was overstimulation. His brain felt fogged up, as if he had to wade through mud to get to reality. Every noise was an alligator in the swamp, a new threat that could hurt him. Every image in front of his eyes was a boat’s motor stirring up the muck underneath the water of his thoughts.
He generally found it difficult to go a long period of time without thinking about Cas. On a good day, he could make it a few hours. On a bad one, it was every waking minute. The most innocuous things would remind him of the goofy kid he would play tag with while growing up, or the gangly the teenager he had crushed on for years.
He squeezed his eyes shut, cutting the stimulus off at its source, before turning on his heels and heading to the guest room.
He could’ve gone and bought himself an entire wardrobe just for his visit to Lawrence. He knew people who bought entire wardrobes only to toss the clothes out after one wear. Hell, his agent was like that. She always scoffed when Castiel refused to buy new clothes for meetings or interviews. She almost had a conniption when he tried to wear a flannel he’d had since high school for his TV interview with Conan. In the end, he hadn’t worn the flannel, and had opted to just borrow something from the show’s wardrobe team. It was probably for the best, after all. The flannel had been a gift from Dean.
The search party took too long to organize, the sun long gone by the time everyone was at the meeting point. The call time to meet in the square was four o’clock, according to Jody. Four hours to get everyone in town who was willing to help together. Four hours from the time she called Castiel until they were all standing in the middle of town, circled around a fucking gazebo, waiting for Jody to give out locations. It wasn’t hard to guess where Jimmy had probably ended up. There were only a handful of drop off spots along the river, and even fewer places in between where he could’ve surfaced.
“Hey, yeah,” Her voice was hushed, “I have to get home and pack first but I’ll be on my way soon, I promise,” She shot daggers at her father with her eyes, “Yeah, see you soon. Bye,” She ended the call.
“What are you gonna do?” Eileen asked, hands moving in signs that Dean didn’t recognize. Sam’s eyes stayed on her the whole time.
He fought like hell, though, kicking and punching at the tree to try and break free of its grasp. He couldn’t open his eyes for fear of them freezing over, so he opted to muscle his way through.
“Now, hold on,” He reached out to grab her arm, narrowly snagging the edge of her sleeve cuff, “Have Cas come over here. He needs to say hi. Politeness and all that,”
“Cas?” He didn’t look at Cas’ face to see if he’d heard him, he just kept talking, “Remember when we were kids and you couldn’t speak?”
Sam made what Dean liked to call his Bitch Face. His eyes went slack, mouth pursed, nostrils flared. Dean loved egging Sam on into making that expression. It was one of his favorite hobbies.
Immediately, Cas began unbuttoning his pants, giving Dean almost no time to avert his eyes. He could feel the blush rising in his cheeks.
She’d attached a blurry shot of Dean from a low angle, obviously taken without his knowledge. In the photo, he’d been just as beautiful as ever, with his hands wrapped awkwardly around a small green item. Castiel’s new book. He was smiling, the small smile Castiel knew he reserved for the people who he truly cared about. Castiel’s heart warmed as he realized that meant Dean truly cared about Claire. He was glad the girl had people looking out for her, especially people as loyal as Dean. She had a habit of getting into trouble, and she could use every ally she could find. Dean had always doted on her when she was younger, and Castiel was glad that he still cared enough about her despite the fact that they were no longer together.
“He said, get this: ‘I don’t know,’. How do you report a missing person and not know why you think they’re missing?”
Castiel had spent so much of his life trying – and failing – to be the son his parents had wanted. To be Jimmy. He had failed in every way imaginable. His parents had been pillars of the community’s social hierarchy. He was autistic. His parents had been staunchly devoted Christians. He was a gay atheist. His parents had wanted him to follow them down the path of righteousness. He had become a writer with a slight alcohol problem. The list went on.
Cas continued, “If you wanted help with the committee, Dean would be a sufficient choice. Very handy,”
Castiel spent the morning puttering around the house, his earlier conversation with Jody ringing in his ears on repeat.
LOCAL AUTHOR RETURNS HOME they always said, usually accompanied by a picture of Cas at some local monument. Last year, it had been at the gazebo in the center of town.
The three of them jumped when Claire’s ringtone blared, a heavy guitar riff that could’ve made even Dean’s ears bleed.
Dean knew his internal bargaining was just a desperate attempt to avoid dealing with his own guilt. He fucking knew it. Didn’t mean he was going to stop begging.
Off-handedly, he found himself deliberating over their current situation. In the span of a few days, Dean had gone from his ex-boyfriend whom he’d left behind on the dance floor, kneeling with a ring in his hand, to the man driving him to search for his missing brother. Castiel was thrown off by how natural it felt, just being in Dean’s presence. The strangeness of their estrangement should not have been solved by a few measly jokes, some forced camaraderie, and a missing persons case, but here they were. Side by side in the car Castiel had practically spent half his childhood and most of his teen years in, listening to the same tapes he’d listened to as a kid. Dean’s thumbs tapped on the steering wheel, more in a nervous tic than any attempt to match the song’s drum beat. He wasn’t even close to being correct about the rhythm.
When he finally got home, Dean beelined it for his bedroom, stripping out of his winter gear on the way in and discarding it as he walked. The book in his hands felt like it grew heavier the closer he got to his bedroom.
Now, from across the park, with a cemetery in the way, the image sent a punch rocking through his gut. Fuck, he could not believe he had just interrupted Cas’ yearly trip to honor the death of his fucking parents.
He remembered Baby. Everyone remembered Baby. The classic Impala was pretty hard to forget, and Dean made it even harder by taking such great care of her. She shined under the snow, her glossy black paint almost mirror-like in its perfect condition.
It was a chilly day outside, colder than he had thought it would be when he left. Still, it beat the cramped closet of a breakroom at Bobby’s shop. He tightened his scarf around his neck and pulled his gloves more firmly onto his hands as he sat down at a worn-down picnic table tucked behind the restrooms. The spot was the best one for days like this, with the building providing a buffer from the icy breeze. Still, it afforded him a direct view of the cemetery, and the sight depressed him a little.
“Hey, man, we’ll talk more about this tomorrow. Go home for now. You can call Claire in the morning,”
Castiel already regretted asking the question. He knew if Jimmy didn’t pick up the car, he’d have to do it. Still, he had no way of knowing whether or not Jimmy would be back in time to pick it up, or if he’d even respond to a text message or a phone call. As annoying as the whole space issue was, he’d hate to inconvenience Dean further just because he couldn’t figure out where Jimmy was.
He definitely stimmed, though he did it in different ways than Castiel did. He stimmed using music and fiddling with car parts, by laughing loudly for too long, and singing at the top of his lungs.
“You know, if you want to read a book, you gotta open it first,” a teasing voice broke through Dean’s focus.
Jimmy was quiet for a few moments, hand pinched to the bridge of his nose. When he finally spoke, he spoke with the voice of a man who had been grieving for the better part of the last thousand years, bone weary and ready to be laid to rest himself.
“Don’t do that,” Castiel ground out, eyes focused on the road and left hand fixed steadily on the two o’clock position on the steering wheel.
Dean suppressed a sigh. He wasn’t sure why he ever bothered trying. It’s not like he and Cas would ever be friends again. Hell, he wasn’t even sure if that was something he wanted, let alone whether or not it was something Cas wanted. Honestly, he really wasn’t sure what his goal here was.
He started up a pot of coffee, waiting until the hot aroma filled the kitchen before leaning his back against the counter, eyes on the window. The sun was barely peeking out over the horizon, almost invisible through the thick fog and heavy cloud cover.
She wanted to be a writer someday, just like her uncle Cas. Not that she’d ever admit that to anyone. She was much too scared of being vulnerable enough to admit it.
Castiel chewed over his brother’s words. He couldn’t quite meet Jimmy’s eyes, instead focusing on the bridge of Jimmy’s nose, the perfect spot to look when avoiding eye contact.
Dean wasn’t unused to hard work. Hell, he’d practically grown up a hard worker under his father’s thumb. He still had nightmares about long days spent working side-by-side with John, learning the mechanics of each and every car that came into the family’s shop.
A pang of worry settled deep in Dean’s gut. He remembered seeing how Jimmy had been slipping in the mud of the riverbank, his impractical business shoes a hazard to his safety. The stupid fucker hadn’t gone back down to the water line after Dean had left, right? He couldn’t possible have been that idiotic…
“Hey, Dean, I’ve got you on speaker. My brother’s here with us. Before you go, I wanted to ask you about something?”
“That’s awesome, dude. Listen,” he winced at how over-the-top fake happy he sounded before segueing into the whole reason for his call, “I got you marked down for a new suspension here, but I see that Bobby didn’t go over anything beyond ‘give me a new suspension, please’ and I wanted to touch base with you on that,”
That being said, he did see the flash. It was a few feet in front of him, coming from an odd, low angle just under the water. Barely even submerged.
As the last of the stars faded, Castiel made a decision. He’d wait until seven. Jody would be at the sheriff’s office by then, and he could call her, and she’d talk some sense into him.
John Winchester had carried that damned photo with him every day for the rest of his life. When he died, Dean kept nothing of him, save the photograph.
Jimmy’s answering smile was timid, happiness tinged with nervousness. Castiel figured his brother felt compelled to walk on eggshells. That was usually how people responded to episodes like he had displayed earlier.
Castiel wasn’t sure. If he were being honest, he’d admit that he didn’t want closure. He wanted Dean. He wanted this yearly cycle, because it was the only part of Dean that he was convinced he’d be able to get.
Of course, now that they had to wade into a freezing cold river, with the sun long gone behind the horizon and the stars peeking out overhead, now was the time Cas went nonverbal again. Dean couldn’t blame him. This whole situation had to be incredibly overwhelming. Hell, Dean wasn’t related to Jimmy and he was still freaking the fuck out as it was. He couldn’t imagine what it was like for Cas.
The Christmas parade. It was a yearly tradition in Lawrence, just a little rinky dink deal through the areas of town near Kansas University. In reality, it was more of a county fair than a parade. A bunch of food booths and carnival games, cheesy winter decorations, and Jack Frost nipping at everyone’s noses. It was cute, a good first date for local teenagers and college students. A little old-fashioned, but fun, nonetheless.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to upset you,” His voice sounded sincere, and Castiel was pretty sure the lifted eyebrows and wide eyes signaled contriteness.
Maybe it was when he’d moved to California for college. Maybe they’d never actually needed each other.
Cas heard someone shout in the background. Something vague and indistinct. The words spurred Dean into gear again though.
He rubbed his eyes. The anxiety in his gut was warring with the mantra of business trip in Kansas City that was playing on repeat in his brain.
“Oh, um. Alright then,” Dean cleared his throat, the sharp sound drawing Castiel’s attention back to the conversation at hand, “I was just calling to let him know his car is ready to be picked up. It’s already paid for, I just charged the card on file. Just need someone to come sign on the dotted line,”
polished worry stone. It had been his favorite when he was younger. Rainbow fluorite. He’d gotten it as a gift from Dean, after Dean had come back from a trip to Yellowstone with Bobby.
“I know he was planning on giving the car to Claire sometime soon. Maybe you could convince him it would be best for her safety?”
He looked at Castiel. Castiel resolutely did not look at him. There was a tense set to his jaw, a muscle locked in place that ticked every time he swallowed.
Sure, he got better about recognizing the signs earlier on and was able to circumvent them more often than he had been able to as a child. Sure, living alone in the city meant he had a controlled environment where he could manage triggers and keep emotional interactions to a minimum. Sure, he had structured his personal life around not needing to be in an office everyday thereby avoiding the need to interact with people regularly.
The shrill ringing of the house phone was what finally pulled him out of his comfortable perch in bed. Castiel grumbled as he made his way to the kitchen and pulled the phone out of its receiver, deftly pressing the ANSWER CALL button as he grabbed a box of cereal.
Still, he couldn’t be sure. Maybe it was out of his own selfish desire to have a good relationship with his parents. It was easier when they were six feet under. That’s how Dean used to put it, at least. It’s certainly how he’d described his relationship with his dead mother.
Castiel panicked, reaching out to grab the steering wheel in an instant. Jimmy jumped at Castiel’s sudden movement.
Dean saw a face, right below the surface, so pale that the beam of his flashlight reflected off of it like a beacon.
Jimmy was already standing on the pier by the time Dean arrived, surveying the river with glittering eyes. He was dressed in probably the worst possible outfit for this occasion, slacks and dress shoes that Dean knew were going to cause a problem if they needed to walk along the shoreline at all. He could already see the mud stains Jimmy was going to have by the time they were done here.
“Hey, Dean,” Jimmy’s chipper voice came over the speaker, “Remember how I asked for a bit of help with the parade preparation?”
Dean placed the phone is Castiel’s hand. It felt like a cold lump. Castiel pressed the power button, more on instinct than anything else. There was no way it had survived its trip down the river, even if the weather proof case it was sporting seemed undamaged.
It had felt strange, at first, like dipping a hand into a frozen lake, the sensation forcing its way along numbed neural pathways until he felt the heat. White hot, and expanding painfully. His hand had felt like it was simultaneously shrinking and growing at an infinite speed, like the life cycle of a star in the sky.
The thought came to him, entirely unbidden and unwelcome, just like the constant memory of Jimmy slipping through the mud along the river. The way he’d kept falling. The dirt stains on his knees.
Goddamn, the man had a voice on him. Low and rough, it was all worn leather and gravel and a number of other things Dean couldn’t think of when his head was spinning like it was at that very moment.
Dean was one of the few people Castiel could get any semblance of a read on. It wasn’t perfect – his understanding of people’s quirks and motivations never was – but it was better than it was with most people. Maybe it was because of how long Castiel had known him. Maybe it was because Dean wore his heart and feelings on his sleeve, a proud badge of honor that had been hard-won over the years. Whatever the reason, Castiel knew Dean was pissed right now. Rightfully so, after all.
He didn’t know what Cas’ new book was about. Hell, he didn’t know what any of Cas’ books were about. All he knew is that he was going to sit here for the next hour with the book in his hands, too scared to even think about cracking the cover open.
He made his way back into the kitchen, absentmindedly counting floral arrangements as he passed them.
Dean wasn’t sure what Jimmy wasn’t understanding. It wasn’t a pay thing or a skill level thing. It was a safety thing. There was no way in hell he’d set up a series of death traps on an icy river. It wasn’t happening.
“Yeah, comes with the territory, I guess,” He gestured around the room, hoping the state of the shop spoke for itself. As hard as he tried to keep the place clean, it didn’t seem to want to stay that way. The room had a mind of its own. The best he could do was clean as often as possible and go out of his way to make sure the tools stayed as organized as possible. Didn’t help much, though.
“Dean, you and Cas can handle your property, right?” Jody’s voice gave him something to concentrate on, but he was still too distracted to process the fact that she’d paired him and Dean up.
“When Claire was little,” He started, his voice a million miles away, “Amelia and I used to take her out on the water in these little paddleboats. Nothing fancy, just dumb little things that Claire loved to push around,”
Dean scoped the best angle to come up alongside the felled tree without getting swept away. He decided it would probably be best for them to walk out along the tree itself, holding onto it for support and hoping that it didn’t give way under their combined effort to move.
His parents’ social status in the community hadn’t helped things either. The devoted pastor and his wife. In small-town Kansas, being a man of God carried weight. Being a messenger of God? Even more so.
Shoving the remainder of his lunch back into his bag, he scurried off, desperate to get away from Cas.
“Figured. Here’s the plan, then. Those flares in those packs,” Dean gestured to the bags he’d handed out during the meeting, “Those are waterproof. We’re gonna take those out there with us. If anything goes wrong, we’ll light them up. Do not let go of me, under any circumstance. The water is the coldest it’s been in years right now, and I don’t have a gauge on how strong the current is. You let go of me, and there’s a chance that you or I could get swept away, and I can’t deal with that possibility tonight. Understand?”
They walked in the water together, ankle deep, hands clasped tightly as they tried desperately to see through the dark, murky water. Neither said a word.
“I don’t get it, Cas,” He started. His voice was quiet, devoid of his usual good humor and charm that made him successful in his line of work.
Dean put the car in reverse as Castiel did what he was told. Inside the glove compartment, there was a polished worry stone.
“I’m just worried,” Dean said simply. He navigated the car around a bend, onto the street with Jimmy’s house.
Castiel didn’t miss the bleak tone in his voice. He tried to ignore the dread building in his own gut, but it was hard when all he could see was the way Dean’s eyes sagged and his shoulders drooped.
He wasn’t sure when the change had happened. When he was younger, he’d always thought of him and Jimmy as two sides of the same coin. Two people with two different personalities and skill sets that complimented each other and couldn’t exist without one another. They needed each other. Castiel needed Jimmy to help him communicate with the outside world, and Jimmy needed Castiel for perspective and an ear to listen when he got too tangled up in his emotions.
“You can’t just play with people’s lives like that. It’s mean. I’m a person. Dean’s a person. We need to be treated like people,”
He didn’t want to admit it but seeing that Dean had bought his book had sent a thrill through him unlike anything he’d felt in a while. Years, even. It didn’t help that the book he had bought was the book based on their own story of heartbreak and loss.
Between my jobs (yes, plural) and actually having to rewrite this chapter a handful of times (it was way too graphic originally), this one took longer than expected. I also went back and copyedited the first chapter and plan on doing the other ones soon, since I’ve noticed a considerable uptick in story interest this week and I finally found a reason to make sure my writing is legible.
It was easier to distance himself from the situation. He glanced around at the townspeople, wondering how he’d write this scene down if he were putting it in a novel. It was a nervous habit he’d developed as a child, and one that he still frequently used to this day. The smokescreen his author brain provided helped to put distance between himself and the world around him, a protective barrier to keep him away from the crueler aspects of the world.
Dean led Cas back into the shop and grabbed the keys from the rack hanging by the door, deftly handing them to Cas.
Because of the lack of public space, the park was almost never empty, despite it’s proximity to one of the few other public spaces in the town – the cemetery.
“When Amelia died, Claire just… I don’t know… Stopped liking the water. Maybe she associated it with her mom, maybe she just got too old for it. I don’t know. All I know is she’s getting older, and pretty soon, she’ll be off at college, and I won’t have an opportunity to spend this much time with her again. I want to give her this gift sooner rather than later. I want to give her the river back,”
He looked at Cas’ face, and the expression there almost stopped his heart. There, in the corner of his mouth, so subtle that only Dean could’ve caught it, was a smile. Just the barest hint of one, but it was there. It disappeared just as soon as Dean saw it, but he wasn’t disappointed. It had been there.
Dean sat awkwardly perched on the edge of a particularly plush loveseat, afraid that if he leaned too far back, he’d never be able to stand up again. The strain of the position put a crick in his lower back, and he felt the muscle twinge any time he so much as slightly shifted his weight.
The diner was warm enough that he almost instantly had no need for his scarf. He unwrapped it, feeling the damp cloth peel away from his face. Gross.
Dean cursed internally. He knew he hadn’t been around Cas much in years, but he knew what that face meant. Cas had gone non-verbal.
The coffee cut through the cold in his body, but couldn’t shake the shivery feeling rocking through him every time his thoughts returned to Jimmy.
He twirled the stone in his hand as he looked out the window at the dreary day and felt the draft blow over his bare feet. Just outside the house, the branches of one of the many pecan trees swayed in the wind, the dead remnants of pecans that hadn’t fallen clinging on, dried out shells that had cracked open and resembled strange, skeletal flowers peppering the otherwise bare branches. It was a depressing sight. Castiel flicked the wooden shutters shut.
“You know,” Sam started, voice hesitant, “If you don’t make them, he’s probably just gonna find someone else,”
Dean changed his mind on the grease stain he was currently wearing as face paint. It had to be a pretty good distraction from how hard he was blushing.
After a moment, he replied, “Hit me with it,” attempting to make his voice sound light and teasing. It barely worked.
“Look, Cas, what I’m trying to say is this: you broke things off with your best friend after he proposed to you, and then never spoke to him again. At least, not for longer than thirty seconds,” He clarified when he Castiel started to interrupt him, “The two of you were attached at the hip for your entire lives. Everyone in town was convinced you would be just like that until you were both buried in the ground. You don’t talk about what happened to anyone outside of saying ‘He proposed and I said turned him down’. The first time I got details was when I read
Her father, Jimmy, was a nice guy. That was really the only word Dean had to describe him. Nice. Even though he and Cas were identical in appearance – technically – they couldn’t have been more different in mannerisms. Where Cas was awkward and nerdy and weird, Jimmy was just average. An average guy with an average life and an average job. The most exciting thing to ever happen to him was Claire. How someone like Jimmy, the salesman whose most interesting feature was his relation to Cas, managed to produce Claire, the girl who accidentally burned down a barn last summer while trying to hotwire an old car, Dean would never know.
Dean was halfway through debating whether he could fake an emergency to get out of the meeting when Cas showed up, stupid trench coat billowing in the breeze on his way in, snowflakes stuck in his dark hair. His cheeks were pink from the cold, and his eyes were bright, glittering in the artificial light of the community center.
Was that something he wanted with Dean? Closure? To let this weird, yearly ritual of theirs end forever? The one where Castiel came to town, and the two of them danced around each other in circles, never quite falling into each other’s orbit.
They paced along the length of the river, ankle deep in freezing water. Even through the rubber boots of his waders, Dean could feel the cold icing over his toes. The wind whipped at his nose, chapping his lips. He couldn’t risk wearing a scarf in the water – it presented a dangerous drowning hazard if he fell and a frostbite hazard if it got wet – and so his face was exposed to the elements. He could feel ice sticking to his lashes, weighing them down.
That wasn’t right. They weren’t supposed to visit until the fourteenth. They always went on the fourteenth. Castiel scrunched his nose, brow furrowing.
“Okay fine, let me rephrase,” Jimmy steepled his hands together, resting his elbows on his knees and leaning forward, “What do you think the town would think of a fireworks show?”
Dean’s breath caught in his throat. It wasn’t like this was his first time talking to Cas since they’d split. It certainly wasn’t his first time hearing Cas’ voice in eight years. Still, his heart felt like it was beating three times too fast and simultaneously completely frozen in his chest. Every time he and Cas were in the vicinity of each other, this happened.
Dean was being so kind. Kinder than Castiel had deserved. In any other circumstances, he wouldn’t accept what Dean was offering. In all honesty, he wasn’t sure exactly what Dean was offering here. Kindness? Friendship? A shoulder to cry on?
He was only two minutes away from the house, but he had to pull the car off to the side of the road and shut it off. He fumbled the pair of earplugs he kept on hand out of his pocket, and shoved them into his ears.
“All business, then, huh? Alright, well, Jimmy told me you’d be coming to the meeting tonight. Is that still the plan?”
“Naw, I teleported. Course I walked here, Bobby. You think I’d be able to get Baby to start up when it’s this fuckin’ cold outside?”
“I don’t know,” Claire shrugged, eyes on the road in front of them, “Yelling, screaming, declarations of love long abandoned. The usual,”
“Hey, Ellen, how can I help you?” He winced at how pathetic he sounded and hoped Ellen would be gracious enough to not comment on it.
Sometimes, fish got caught in it and died, their bloated bodies rising to the surface and eventually rotting. He’d had to buy two sets of waders, one for himself and one for Sam, just so they could pull the carcasses out. Pain in the ass.
While Cas was out of immediate danger, Dean took advantage of the opportunity to change clothes. He stripped out of the waders while standing in front of the fire, tossing them in a heap away from the heat. He cringed as he surveyed the mess of mud and dirt everywhere and promised to clean it up when he got the chance.
“No,” Dean corrected, “you want rowboats to be converted with an engine so that people can steer out onto an icy river in the middle of winter to watch the show. It’s a death trap. I’m not doing it,”
Dean’s irritation began to melt into sympathy. He didn’t have kids of his own, but he had basically raised Sammy after their mother had died. He understood.
An hour later, and less than a hundred feet away from the front door of their house, Jimmy stopped short.
“And,” Jimmy pressed on, “that if you didn’t do that, it would be a waste of both money and fireworks, since you didn’t get the full experience,”
Jimmy had been the golden child to Castiel’s scapegoat. In their parents’ eyes, Jimmy was the outspoken one, the extrovert with the world at his fingertips. Castiel was the hindrance to their perfect life, the flaw in what could’ve been flawless. Castiel had often compared himself to Hephaestus, the son of Zeus just waiting to be thrown from Mount Olympus.
Dean knew damn well why his brother couldn’t step in for Eileen. His final year of law school, finals, wife who was eight months pregnant and could pop at any moment. Of course, Sam couldn’t step in.
“Please,” Dean whispered. If he was about to uncover Jimmy’s body, he didn’t want Cas there to see it. His eyes landed on Cas’, wide and pleading, and his heart broke in his chest. The desperate look on Cas’ face was devastating, raw and vulnerable in the way only Cas knew how to be.
“Guess she takes more after her uncle than her old man, huh?” Dean physically had to stop himself from jostling Cas’ arm with his elbow.
There it was. The verbal acknowledgment of Castiel’s nerves regarding his brother. Castiel shook his head.
Castiel knew if he opened the glove compartment, he’d find a cardboard box full of Dean’s old mixtapes.
Castiel liked making Dean smile. It sent a rush of energy through him, unmatched by anything else he’d ever experienced.
He couldn’t even read the dedication page, too terrified of the names he’d see written there. Would Cas have a new boyfriend he’d written the story for? He wrote romances, after all. That’s all Dean knew, though. Was there someone out there he’d be writing those love stories for?
The coffee shop was small, like every other place in Lawrence, with cracked, concrete flooring and a menu full of drinks that would’ve been trendy twenty years ago. It’s main selling point was not coffee, but the plethora of mismatched couches and arm chairs that guests could fully curl up in if they wanted, all tucked into various little alcoves to give their occupants some semblance of privacy.
Castiel spent the next few minutes puttering around the house, too nervous to do anything more than put on a fresh pair of clothes and brush his teeth. His eyes fell on the worry stone resting on his nightstand, and he grabbed it, deftly flipping it around in his palm the way he had a thousand times before. It almost soothed the urge to pick at his fingers.
In less than a moment, he had scooped Cas up onto his shoulders in a fireman-carry, thanking God that he still had the strength to do it.
Dean wasn’t here to look for Jimmy’s body, he was here to look for trash and dead fish. That was it.
He had washed up on Dean’s riverbend twelve hours later, unconscious, and almost frozen to death. Hell, Dean had thought Chuck
Castiel nodded, eyes trailing to the window behind the kitchen sink. It was a sunny day outside, sky wide open and clear the way only Kansas could manage.
When Dean sat down next to Cas again, he was very careful to sit as far away as he could and placed the coffee-milkshake drink on the table in front of him instead of handing it directly to him.
He wished it was like that with everyone else. As it stood, it wasn’t. Not everyone was as understanding of him as Ellen was. As Jimmy was.
Honestly, if it weren’t for the two of them, neither Dean nor Charlie would’ve ever had the guts to come out. Hell, if it weren’t for them, Cas’ parents would’ve killed him when they stumbled in on him and Dean kissing. The moment Dean had seen the murderous glint in Michael Novak’s eyes, Dean had dialed Jody and begged her to intervene. Because of her, Cas had lived to see another day.
“I’ll wear Sam’s, you wear mine,” Dean handed him a pair of what looked to be rubber overall with a pair of boots attached, “I don’t have any gear for our upper bodies, so we need to try and stay where the water is below our waists. We really should only go in the water one at a time, but I have a feeling you’re not gonna agree to that,”
“Now boarding flight eight-zero-five-three for Kansas City at gate twenty-two,” the soft, mechanical sounding voice said over Castiel’s head.
“There’s fourteen full-size bouquets,” Jimmy’s voice echoed from the adjacent room, “And two smaller ones, I think,”
Within moments, she was waltzing past Castiel, almost out the front door. Jimmy caught her by the sleeve.
Cas considered that for a moment. Dean watched as his eyebrows knit together and his lips pursed in concentration, before the look cleared and Cas spoke again.
A car horn honked outside. Claire’s frenzy increased, and Castiel heard her start tossing random things into her suitcase.
Dean quirked an eyebrow. Jimmy shouldn’t have been due for an oil change any time soon, and Dean had just seen the underside of the car the day before. No damage to anything that would’ve caused a leak. Must be a sensor.
He hoped that he would manage to avoid running into Cas until Jimmy was found. If he couldn’t even convince himself that Jimmy was okay, how was he supposed to convince Cas?
“I think,” he put a finger on his chin, “That most things are better when you have the best possible view of them,”
Jimmy’s body submerged and tangled in the tree. Him struggling and fighting for his life under the water, damaged and broken from being dragged down the river. Jimmy drowning there while Dean was comfortably sleeping just a few hundred feet away.
It’s not that he was strapped for cash. In fact, it was rather the opposite. He had gotten rather lucky with his writing. It wasn’t everyday that an author published a best-seller. It was even less common for an author to have several best-selling novels that afforded them the luxury to work on their stories full-time. Castiel was even rarer than that. He had more money than he could use in a single lifetime.
He traced the border of his river, cursing when his eyes landed on the felled tree leaning into the water.
“Bobby tricked me,” The quietness of his whisper didn’t do anything to mask the bitterness in his voice. Cas picked at the bandaid on his thumb.
Dean had knelt down on one knee, in the middle of the stupid dance on the tennis court. He’d proposed at the site of their first date, and during the same song they’d had their first kiss.
This morning, his hesitation to leave the warmth of his bed was compounded by the fact that he knew he had to walk to work. His sleep addled brain wanted to strangle his awake brain for that genius decision. Fuck.
Jimmy worked his jaw, eyeing Castiel as he chewed over his thoughts. Castiel was pretty sure he was just trying to figure out whether to nip the conversation in the bud or not.
The downside of living in a small town? Everyone knew your business. Everyone knew when to send condolence flowers and anniversary wishes.
The airport, the flight delays, the plane ride, the car, the conversation with Dean. It was all just too much.
Snow was a bad sign. Snow sticking to the riverbank, where the water from the river should’ve been warm enough to melt some of it, was a worse one. The river temperature must’ve dropped further this year than usual, allowing the snow to rest on the muddy banks without sloughing off into a disgusting, brown sludge.
what is with me and always making the last scene of every chapter super short?? anyways thanks for reading!
That was how he used to deal with his parents when they were at their worst. He’d turn off his emotions. He’d stare blankly ahead of him. He’d breathe.
Castiel regretted the text as soon as he sent it. He had no right to just ask Dean for a ride home, let alone to expect him to agree to it over a medium as rude as a text. His heart had hammered in his chest until Dean had reappeared in the doorway, a lopsided smile on his face.
. In the book, the jilted couple reunited and lived happily ever after. That wasn’t happening between him and Dean. Jensen got the girl in the end. Castiel did not get the boy.
He couldn’t see much through the layers of scarves and hats and jackets, but from what he could see, he looked terrible. Unsurprisingly, after the sleepless night he’d had. Nightmares of rivers and drowning had plagued him for hours, and he’d tossed and turned in bed until the sun rose.
“I’ll get you one,” He said quickly, the words leaving him in a rush of breathlessness. He didn’t have a set plan; all he knew was he needed to get
“Of course, it is,” Claire twirled a lock of hair around her finger, “Why else would you write about it,”
“No,” Dean said quietly. Was that worry in his tone? Castiel wasn’t quite sure. “Is everything okay?”
Her words stabbed him in the heart. If he weren’t driving, he would’ve started rubbing at his eyes or tugging at his hair. As it stood, he settled for jiggling his left foot up and down, anything to release a little of that pent up energy that was beginning to stack up in his body.
And so, he found himself pulled over on the side of the road, two minutes from his destination, with ear plugs in and an arm thrown over his face in a desperate attempt to deal with the side effects of his brain’s neurochemistry.
“Are you sure he’s still alive?” Chuck asked, his voice cracking when he seemed to realize the inappropriateness of the question he’d just asked.
“Look,” Jimmy’s voice was quieter, the tone he used to take with Cas when he was on the verge of one of his meltdowns, “I really think this is a good idea. I think we can make it work. Why don’t you meet me down at the coffee shop on main, the one next to Chuck’s store? We can hash out the details there. Does noon work?” He didn’t give Dean a chance to find a way out of the meeting.
Dean eyed him, and reached out to touch Castiel’s nose, wiping something away. He froze a moment later, as if realizing what he had just done.
He looked at Cas to make sure he was okay before quickly jogging to his room and changing clothes. He also dug through his dresser for a change of clothes for Cas. An old band tee he’d had since high school with the tag ripped out of the neckline and soft as butter from years of wear. A pair of loose-fitting cotton boxers, the kind Cas had always preferred. The tight briefs apparently pulled at his leg hair and made him uncomfortable. Finally, a pair of old, threadbare sweatpants.
“So, when you leave, just take a left out of the lot. GPS will tell you to take a right. Don’t listen to it,”
“He doesn’t let me do anything,” She signed as she spoke, mostly for Sam’s learning experience. He had his eyes trained on her hands as she made the motions, “He’s not my boss,”
“I’m sorry Jimmy acted like that,” Castiel wasn’t sure if it was the right thing to say, but judging by the way Dean’s shoulders relaxed, it couldn’t have been entirely wrong, “He gets stressed when things don’t go his way,”
“It’s pretty cold outside. How’s Bobby doing?” Jody’s voice was polite and disinterested, mostly just making conversation for the sake of talking. Everyone knew Bobby was always worse when it got cold.
He was wearing it now, actually, layered under his trenchcoat. It was one of the few pieces of cold weather clothing he owned, despite being borderline threadbare. There was a patch on the cuff from his feeble attempts to fix a hole that had formed years before, and he didn’t have it in his heart to take it to a tailor. He didn’t want to risk them messing it up. It meant to much to him.
It used to happen after a particularly bad fight with his parents, or after a bully had said something that struck a chord.
Dean winced. When Cas got overwhelmed, he had a hard time finding the right words to explain his emotions or his worries, and it often resulted in him using I don’t know as a defense mechanism. It wasn’t that he didn’t know, it was that he didn’t know where to start. Most people didn’t understand that, though, and as a result, many of Cas’ genuine concerns and worries, hope and dreams were often overlooked as simple fantasy or paranoia.
The sun had risen fully by the time Castiel shook himself from his deliberations with the reminder that Jimmy was fine. Castiel could just yell at him over his disappearance when he got back.
He had rolled his eyes when his agent had sent him the articles. Luckily, Dean had always been a rather private person, so no reporter had managed to figure it out just yet. All the better. Castiel knew Dean wouldn’t be comfortable with any undue media attention, especially if it had anything to do with the man who had humiliated him publicly and broken his heart.
He rolled his eyes, his own bouquet of red roses seemed almost romantic alongside the lilies. Like the pair belonged together.
“Honestly, man, I just don’t get why you won’t do this. I’ve already told people about it, and they’re excited at the idea. They’ll be disappointed if you don’t follow through with the mechanic stuff,”
“Um, yeah. Hey. Hi,” Dean’s voice was awkward, pitched up significantly higher than usual. Castiel frowned.
Dean frowned. That wasn’t good. The car would need a full inspection to check for hidden damages. Most people didn’t bother with them after a small bumper-to-bumper incident, but with a new suspension system in place, it was always better to be safe than sorry.
“He mentioned something a few weeks ago, something about a lady in the city braking too suddenly. I hadn’t realized it had resulted in a collision,”
Ellen Singer was something else, to say the least. Stronger than half the men in town, and smarter than all of them, she was a whiz at business and interpersonal problems. Between her and Bobby, their two businesses made up a large chunk of the non-college-town related income generated for the town. Ellen herself was effectively the town’s matriarch, and she showed it by taking on as many public projects as she could get her hand on, including the parade.
“Actually,” Jimmy’s voice sounded like Claire’s had when she had been talking him into buying Cas’ book. Fuck, maybe Claire and Jimmy were more similar than he’d thought, “I was hoping you would be willing to sit in on the committee this year? What with Eileen’s pregnancy being as advanced as it is, it’s only fitting for her brother-in-law to step in, don’t you think?”
“Don’t you think you’re being a little too hard on her? You’re starting to sound like – “ He cut himself off, not wanting to go down that path with his brother. It was always a sore subject.
It was an ostentatious thing, chocolatey and covered in whipped cream and rainbow sprinkles. Dean quirked an eyebrow at Charlie.
The lifelessness in Cas’ normally sharp eyes was concerning, to say the least. His jaw was loose, not quite hanging, but enough that Dean could see his mouth parted. That wasn’t the worst part, though. Every bit of him seemed to sag, as if the only thing holding him up right now was Dean’s arm around his shoulders.
Jimmy rubbed his eyes with the heels of his hands, taking a calming breath. Before he got the chance to say anything, Claire turned on her heel and stalked off, obviously annoyed at having been yelled at by her father.
Dean might’ve been crazy, but he was pretty damned sure he saw a hint of mischief in Jimmy’s eyes. He turned to look at Claire, and saw the same glint in hers. Fuck.
Castiel had always wondered what had happened to it. Leave it to Dean to keep something for weird, sentimental reasons.
Jimmy cleared his throat. When Castiel met his eyes, his brother cocked an eyebrow before gesturing to the graves in front of them. Claire and Jimmy had already laid their flowers down in front of the headstones, they were just waiting on Castiel to add his to the mix.
“No, I just – Ugh, Claire, please. Please stay out of my non-relationship with Dean. He’s a good person and I don’t want him to get hurt,”
Jimmy stared at him for as long as he could get away with it before turning back to the road with a sigh. His bright blue eyes sagged, a hint of exhaustion that he’d only allow Castiel to see. Jimmy didn’t like to appear weak.
Stories were easier to understand. They had moving parts that locked and fit together perfectly, a puzzle where each narrative device added a piece. When you were done, you could go back to the beginning and appreciate the whole structure for what it was.
Cas rocked his head forward and slammed it back into the wall, hard enough that the sound reverberated through Dean’s own skull. Before Dean could stop him, he did it again. Sobs ripped out of Cas’ chest.
He had originally planned on spending the day in bed, relaxing and avoiding his family. He was on vacation, he’d earned some time to himself.
On the other hand, he hadn’t been answering his phone, and the last time Dean had seen him, he’d almost fallen into the river.
Jimmy’s lockscreen was an old photo of him and Claire. She was about four years old, gap-toothed and grinning below a neon pink bucket hat. Jimmy was holding her on his hip smiling.
Still, there were plenty of people of people who looked up to the public image of kindness and goodness that Michael and Naomi had peddled in their lifetimes. Castiel was pretty sure he brought the flowers for those people. The ones who needed to believe that true kindness existed outside of fairy tales and bedtime stories.
The drive to Dean’s house went by quickly, and in less than no time, they were standing on Dean’s front step as he fumbled with his keys to let them inside. The waders were in the spare closet by the front door.
Castiel was pretty sure Jimmy had no idea exactly how little he was helping diffuse the situation. When Claire got like this, it was always easier to just let her be a tornado than it was to try and reign in her energy. She was a lot like Castiel in that way.
Of course, he had. Leave it to Jimmy to expose the raw underside of Castiel’s vulnerability to a teenager going through – in his own words – an asshole phase.
. That had been the part of his novel that had gotten the most media buzz. Who was the mysterious ex that the great Castiel Novak had dedicated a break up story to?
Jimmy had been missing for less than forty-eight hours, if Dean’s math was correct. If he really had been the last person to see him. He was an adult man who was used to not having to tell anyone where he was going or when he had things to do in the city.
Dean helped Jimmy clamber back up onto the pier, and got blasted with mud for his troubles. He was thankful for the tread on his boots and he braced himself under Jimmy’s weight.
He debated pouring himself a glass of water, but with the memory of his drowning nightmares so fresh in his mind, he opted to just chew on some ice cubes instead.
He tried not to think about the only person whose touch felt like nothing more than an extension of his own body. A natural meld that did nothing to upset his senses.
“Figured you’d want that back eventually,” Dean was focused on the road, both hands on the steering wheel. Castiel felt himself relax incrementally. Dean had always been an incredible driver, even when he was goofing around or driving with poor form. He seemed perfectly in tune with his car, driver and vehicle melding into one instrument that was suited just right for driving down the road at eighty miles an hour with classic rock music blaring on the ancient speakers.
Bobby scoffed, and Dean was pretty sure he heard the old man call him an idiot under his breath as he walked away, but he couldn’t say for certain.
He sighed in relief when he saw that it was still the twelfth of December. Two more days. He still had time to pick up flowers for the Novak’s grave.
He watched the cemetery as he ate his lunch, eyes tracking ever slight movement. He wasn’t really sure what he was looking for. Maybe a ghost, maybe a griever. He would’ve settled for anything.
“Castiel Novak, I need you to listen to me right now,” He took a deep breath, eyes on the water, “I need you to get back on shore and I need you to call Jody,”
“Fuck,” Jody was visibly upset, almost shaking, “If I’d have known that, I would’ve called for a search party as soon as Cas called me,”
The first few years, he had thought it was Jimmy leaving the flowers behind. The favored son leaving his parents a lovely gift. When he had brought it up, however, Jimmy had denied it. Castiel knew him well enough to believe him.
“No, they haven’t. How about you do the honors?” He lifted an eyebrow at her, knowing she wouldn’t be able to see the smirk behind his scarf.
He twirled his pen in his fingers while the phone dialed. Jimmy picked up, signature advertisement salesman voice turned fully on.
Jimmy’s hand came down softly over his own, gently peeling Castiel’s fingers away before placing his own hand on the wheel.
Even the dedication page was for him. Not explicitly. Not in any way that would make him uncomfortable. Just a simple
“I suppose,” Cas started. Fuck, his voice was rough. Same pitch as Jimmy’s but so much rougher, worn ragged on long nights working without a break.
“Can you lift your leg for me?” Dean asked gently, kneeling to help ease Cas’ foot out of the inbuilt boot. Cas did as asked, a puppet on Dean’s quiet strings. Dean guided Cas’ foot back to the bare floor.
“I’m doing good!” Jimmy hesitated, ever so slightly, “Just about to go pick my brother up from the airport,”
“That’s bullshit. It’s not Dean you’re worried about, it’s yourself,” She paused for a second, chewing over her next few words, “Besides, you’re the one who hurt him in the first place,”
It felt like an eternity before a strong hand wrapped around his shoulder and pulled him above the water.
“Don’t blame yourself,” Dean tried to calm her down, “It’s easy to forget that as good of a writer as Cas is, he’s not so great with words sometimes,” He paused, “At least you can call for one now,”
The thought sobered him slightly. Fuck, if something had happened to Jimmy, what would happen to Claire.
Castiel would never understand how people could say any scene in one of his books was unrealistic when this current situation was something that was happening in his real, actual life. Somehow, this whole event felt more contrived than anything he’d ever written, and that was saying something, if the opinions of his harshest critics were anything to go by.
The walk to the diner was short, just like the walk to anywhere in Lawrence, and before he knew it, Dean was staring back at his own reflection in the glass door.
“He’s not,” Castiel knew he sounded terse. It was something he had trouble with, the unspoken way most people seemed to understand how to properly express their feelings. He wasn’t upset with Dean for calling, not annoyed in any way, and yet he knew that his tone probably said otherwise. He just… didn’t quite see the point in trying to make his voice warm, friendly in the way his brother had mastered as a child.
Dean snagged a throw pillow off the couch, tucking it behind Cas’ head before he could hit it again. Cas tried to hit himself again but was stopped by the cushion. He didn’t seem to notice. He just kept rocking his head back as hard as he could.
“I…,” He paused, as though debating what to say, “I don’t know,” he finally admitted, “I haven’t seen him since yesterday,”
It wasn’t even the ass-crack of dawn yet, and here Dean was, two bouquets of flowers in his hands. A dozen white lilies, and a half-dozen sunflowers. One for the Novaks, and one for Mary Winchester.
Dean immediately felt guilty. Eileen was insistent that their child be able to sign with both parents, and with its uncle. It was a totally fair thing for her to ask for, and Dean was doing his best to comply with the request, as was Sam. Still, language just wasn’t something he was good at. What only took Sam twenty minutes to learn could sometimes take Dean a full day. Still, he was trying. He just… needed a little more time.
Dean was an entirely different problem. Maybe Castiel was being selfish. He didn’t deserve Dean. He certainly didn’t deserve to know that Dean’s touch still felt like cold water on a hot day, and that it had immediately quelled his roiling worry over Jimmy, if only temporarily.
Before he gave himself the time to regret his next move, he had scribbled his phone number on the cover of Cas’ information packet with one of the pens from the pile in the middle of the table.
Dean was the only person Castiel could read without a problem, and right now, Dean’s worry was a fucking open book test.
The only thing he could do successfully was mourn their death every year. It was easier to deal with them when they couldn’t talk back or chastise him for the sloppy way he was dressed or how inappropriate his hair cut and five-o’clock shadow were.
Mary Winchester had died when Dean was a child, just four years old. His brother, Sammy, had been no more than a baby. It had been a freak accident. At least, that’s how the firefighter captain had described it: a freak accident. A live wire sparked at just the wrong time and Mary Winchester had gone up in smoke.
“I apologize, it seems I didn’t phrase my thoughts properly,” He paused, “I merely meant to say that Dean would be a helpful addition to the committee,”
They were staring at each other, Dean realized. He coughed into his hand and turned away, trying hard to focus on Ellen’s words. It was pointless. He could still feel Cas’ eyes on him.
There were flowers on the kitchen counter top, small and large bouquets scattered across its surface in mismatched vases.
“It’s not cocky to expect a drain plug to act like normal,” Dean groused. He wiped the offending item off with a spare rag in his pocket and tossed it over to Bobby.
Fuck, his entire driveway would probably be covered by this time tomorrow. Maybe he should just pull his car into the garage and walk to work in the morning. It wasn’t like it was too far. Bobby’d probably kill him, but he could deal with that later. A cranky old coot yelling at him was preferable to trying to start up a classic car on a cold morning.
“Because,” Jimmy’s excitement was palpable through the phone, “I want to take boat tours out onto the river, and I need your help getting them set up. There’s a whole set of old rowing boats from the high school that I want to get set up with motors so people can steer themselves, and I th-“
Even in his current state, Castiel didn’t have to think too hard to realize that that’s probably what she was calling about.
He hated being this painfully awkward. What the hell was he supposed to say? How was he supposed to make this less weird? His brain was going a mile a minute in one direction, and completely empty in the other. Dean couldn’t have been faring any better.
“Hey, hey, hey, don’t do that,” Dean tried to soothe. Cas didn’t listen. He slammed his head against the wall again. The crack felt like it ricocheted through the entire house, punctuated by Cas’ wails.
“I was saying, I don’t get it. I don’t get what went wrong with you and Dean. The two of you were practically made for each other,”
He usually tried to avoid public spaces during Cas’ visitation time. He felt like there was this unspoken understanding between the two of them that they should just try to avoid each other whenever possible.
It had been a gift from Dean, years before. Something he’d picked up from a souvenir shop on one of the many multi-state road trips he’d taken with his father after Mary Winchester had passed.
He grimaced. Short of walking home for a quick shower, it looked like the towel was his only option.
He was dressed and ready to go in under 10 minutes, warm layers retrieved from the floor in his front entrance where he’d left them the night before and his good boots laced and ready to go.
Cas didn’t even spare him a glance as he sat down, holding himself stiffly upright in his chair. Dean noticed that it seemed like Cas was doing his damnedest to not accidentally brush up against Dean, despite the close quarters the table provided.
Dean ignored her irritable complaints. Jody could put up with losing fifteen minutes of sleep, and he knew she was whining as a way to make conversation and not to bash on Cas.
Castiel tossed and turned in bed, falling in and out of dreams. Rivers were a pretty heavily featured motif across them, as were drowning and mud. Finally, when Castiel got absolutely fed up with his inability to sleep without dreaming about murky water filling his lungs, he trudged out of bed and into the kitchen.
Business trip. Kansas City. Castiel repeated in his mind. They were just being overly cautious with a search party. That was all. If Jimmy was alive and in the city, this whole thing would just be a funny story someday. A ha, remember when that happened story.
Cas’ arms went up without hesitation, and Dean slid the clean shirt over them, slipping it down around his head gently.
The coffee pot dinged. He retrieved a chipped mug from the top shelf of the cabinet. It was an old thing, a gift from long ago. The logo on it had long faded, and he’d had to paint over various nicks and chips in the ceramic with clear nail polish, so his fingers didn’t accidentally brush up against the unpleasant texture of unglazed ceramic. Still, it was the only comfort item he kept in this haunted house. The one he saved for mornings like this when he wasn’t sure if he’d survive the day.
Maybe it was his recent purchase, maybe it was just the hopeless sucker in him, whatever the reason, he couldn’t keep his thoughts from returning to Cas.
“It’s important because I’m getting concerned that no one’s seen him since I left him on the pier yesterday?”
Dean winced. He knew she didn’t mean to sound accusatory, but he definitely took it that way. Jody’s bluntness could be a little disconcerting at times. She didn’t doublespeak the way most people did. She said what she meant. When she said Dean had been the last one to see him, she wasn’t implying that Dean was responsible for the fact that he hadn’t been seen since the night at the pier. She just meant that Dean had been the last one to see him. Still, he couldn’t help but feel like this whole mess was his fault.
He hadn’t told Jimmy that most of those dialogue snippets had been taken word-for-word from conversations he’d had with Dean. That was a can of worms he didn’t need to open.
Dean couldn’t argue with them. How was Cas supposed to call him if he didn’t know what Dean’s schedule was? Hell, did Cas even know his phone number?
In fairness, it had been willed to both of them. Their parents had probably intended for them to sell it and then use the money they made to put down payments on new houses, one for each of them. In practice, though, Castiel hadn’t had it in him to force his brother into following through on that plan. Then, as the years went by, Jimmy just sort of
Castiel picked at the hangnail, finally freeing it. A stripe of blood appeared against his cuticle. He pressed the thumb from his other hand against it to staunch the flow.
Jimmy slipped almost immediately once he stepped onto the mud. Dean barely caught him by the crook of his arm, setting him back upright as gently and quickly as possible.
Dean was lucky in that respect. Bobby paid him well enough that he didn’t have to worry about taking every hare-brained job that came his way. He got paid enough money that he was allowed to have standards. Including this one. Most mechanics in the area wouldn’t be in the same boat, so to speak.
The irritation and anger from yesterday had all but vanished, leaving Jimmy a completely different person. Dean was glad to see it. He hadn’t liked the side of Jimmy that had come out at the coffee shop, and he hoped he wouldn’t see it again any time soon.
“Look, bud, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to put you on the spot. That was wrong of me. I just think that you and Dean would do well to start speaking again,”
When he returned to the front room, clothes in hand, Cas had quieted down. Now, instead of loudly wailing, he was just sitting there quietly, resting his head against the pillow with tears streaming down his face. He was angled towards the fire, but he wasn’t looking at it. His gaze was a million miles away.
Jimmy was good about not judging Castiel for stimming. He didn’t really understand it, not in the way that other neurodivergent people did, but he didn’t make fun of Castiel in the way everyone else did. The whispers had followed him his whole life.
Dean made a decision. In the long run, he was going to regret this, but he didn’t have much time to come up with any other options. He could already feel his hands going numb.
He looked good, despite the shapelessness of his clothes. Hell, maybe Dean was far gone enough on the man that the shapeless clothes
“Claire,” Jimmy’s voice was a stark warning, trailing off as he stared at the grave in front of them.
He stepped forward, and the stone he landed on slipped underneath him, settling into a less precarious position. He sloshed forward, sputtering as ice cold water splashed his face. Cas sucked in a breath, his hand tightening on Dean’s.
So. This took longer than expected. I apologize. I think I’ll move my upload dates to Sundays, since that works best with my new schedule. That means y’all are getting two chapters this week lol.
Jimmy walked up and down the pier, pointing out ideas to Dean about how they could best monopolize the space. He wanted boats lined up on the water and anchored down so they couldn’t be pulled away, and he wanted to shoot the fireworks off from a hill in the distance about a mile upstream. Dean couldn’t deny that the river would be the best place for a view if that was the shooting point, but he still knew it was a damned stupid idea.
The freezing cold river that was a mile and a half upstream from the drop off point on Dean’s riverbank.
He loved the faded yellow paint, and the way it seemed to blend into the yellow winter grass when the light was just right. He loved how he could walk along the length of his property line and never run into another living soul. He loved how the Kansas River bent and snaked across his land, and the way the willowy trees lined its banks.
“Please be safe this week. Have fun,” He smiled, but it was a very half-hearted attempt, “I love you,”
A draft breezed in through the corner of the kitchen door where the liner was cracked. He made a mental note to let Jimmy know when he got back. Because he was coming back later. When he got back from his business trip. The trip he’d forgotten to tell Castiel about. Of course.
“I don’t even think he knows. I’ll schedule the car for a full overhaul this week. Hell, I’ll even pay you extra to take an oil bath again if it means I get to watch,”
You had to get pretty accurate about your aim when the man catching was a stubborn old codger who refused to wheel around an empty field to shag your overthrows.
“Oh, um,” He wracked his brain for an innocuous answer, “Well, you’re just in time. To help, I mean,”
There was the box of tapes, of course. A handful of old polaroids. Dean and his brother, Sam, Dean and Charlie, Sam and Charlie, Dean with Bobby and Ellen. He stopped short on the last photo. Dean had his arm slung over Castiel’s shoulders, a kiss pressed to Castiel’s cheek. He glanced at Dean, relieved to see the man hadn’t turned to look at him. Castiel shoved the pictures back in the glove box. No point in snooping if you didn’t know you would be comfortable with what you found.
Normally, it felt a bit like a superpower, as if he had traded communication abilities for the ability to think about the world the way he did. It made him feel strong, like he could think his way through any situation. He absorbed knowledge like a sponge, becoming smarter with each passing day. Information came easily to him, and he could connect the dots between two seemingly unrelated items with ease. He was a good writer because of that very skill.
message he was attempting to send her. She smiled, eyes teasing, as she tugged on one of her copper braids.
His head submerged under the icy water, and he was pretty sure that he was going to die. Branches clawed at him from every direction, mud and silt rose around his thrashing body, and he knew right then that this was it.
Dean watched as Cas made it back to shore. Dean turned to make his way towards the watch again when the rocks under his feet gave way, and his legs went out from under him.
He was a little sad to be the only one here today, sad that Jimmy had opted to prepare for his meeting later that night with Dean instead of coming to their parents’ grave. Sad that Claire had gone on vacation instead of tagging along.
Dean seemed to be teetering on the edge of saying something, the words poised at the tip of his tongue.
And now, he was kneeling on one knee, in the middle of the fucking tennis court, staring at the Christmas lights lining the edge of the event tent over his head, wondering what the fuck had just happened.
When the screen lit up, it caught Castiel off guard, shocked that it still worked. A few long moments passed, and the phone turned on completely.
“How did you know that?” He didn’t even bother trying to lie. He wasn’t very good at it, and he knew Jimmy would see through him in an instant.
“Hey, remember when we were kids?” Dean risked a glance in Cas’ direction, “How we’d always say we were gonna skip the parade?”
“Well, I’m sure he’ll turn up. Isn’t there supposed to be a parade committee meeting again tonight?”
It had to be the airport screwing with his head. That’s why he wasn’t able to control his thoughts or emotions.
Charlie attempted to bait him into gossip for the entire time she made Cas’ drink, sending him little teasing glances and telling stories about everyone they knew in Lawrence. She was halfway through a tale about some cute girl she had met in Kansas City a few weeks earlier when she finally finished the monstrosity that was Cas’ drink.
“I saw how you were after you survived. I saw what happened to you. I saw Mom and Dad’s bodies,” He hesitated, before adding, “I can’t imagine a scarier way to go,”
Dean held out a hand and helped Cas up. When Cas didn’t make a move to unsnap the shoulder straps holding the waders up, Dean did it for him. The waders pooled around Cas’ ankles. He still didn’t move.
The stress of the day weighed on him, filling his head with what felt like cotton and fireworks. A bad combination.
“I got it in this super cool crystal shop. Charlie would’ve loved it. Super new-agey crap,” Dean had said when he’d presented Castiel with the stone.
into the house, like he belonged. Castiel moved to Los Angeles. He still owned the house, or half of it, but he was just as much of a stranger there now as he had been as a child, growing up under its roof. An uncomfortable piece of a puzzle that didn’t want to be put together.
When it was just Castiel and Jimmy left standing on the porch, staring down the road at a rapidly disappearing station wagon, Jimmy sighed.
Eight fucking years and he never got a reason why Cas said no. He couldn’t pretend like it didn’t hurt still, like he had been stabbed and never removed the knife. He just kept bleeding around the rusting blade.
It was hard for Castiel to remember sometimes that Jimmy had actually had a good relationship with their parents. As willing as he was to be flexible about their visits here, the act of visiting their graves still held more emotional weight for Jimmy than it did Castiel.
Claire bounced off, grabbed Cas’ sleeve and dragged him back over to where their little trio was sitting before pushing him lightly into the seat beside Dean. He felt the weight shift the cushions on the loveseat. His hands were shaking, a response he always had when he was near Cas. He wrapped both of them around his coffee mug, hoping to hide his nerves.
Jody rolled her eyes, but opened the door anyways, dramatically waving her arms to gesture for him to enter.
“Ah, that’s what this call’s about,” Dean could hear the quiet smile. Jimmy may have been a very boring person, but that didn’t mean he wasn’t nice. If anything, he was one of the nicest people Dean knew. The complete opposite of Cas’ tendency towards surly hostility. Yeah, Cas and Jimmy were two very different people.
Dean was filthy, even by mechanic standards. Normally, it wasn’t unusual for him to be absolutely covered in oil and grime, all part of the usual hazards of the job, but today was different. Today, he had gotten completely doused in oil when the drain plug under Ellen’s car had gotten stuck and refused to budge. Even the impact driver hadn’t helped. So he’d spent a solid thirty minutes just working at the plug, trying to get it loose when suddenly, it twisted. It twisted out, and Dean realized it was a lot shorter than a plug should be. Significantly shorter. So short that all it took was one half turn of his socket wrench, and bam. Dirty motor oil right to the face.
, and unfortunately, he’d also been heavily based on Dean. The story had been similar to his own, childhood best friends to lovers to exes. Except there had been one crucial difference in
“No, just get whatever you think is best. Obviously don’t go crazy, but I trust your judgement. I know you’ll pick out what you think is best for my daughter,”
It wasn’t a far drive to the coffee shop, just a few turns and a stop sign away. Castiel sighed as he parked the car, shoving thoughts of Dean and kissing into a box in the back of his mind.
The surgeons had done their best, all things considered. They’d managed to save the leg, after all, an impressive feat if Bobby’s recollection of the damage was anything to go by. Still, the injury had been bad enough to award Bobby a Purple Heart and a ticket home.
He grabbed Jimmy’s rental car keys off the hook near the door and shrugged on his overcoat. Its thin canvas material wasn’t exactly enough to block out the Midwest winter wind, but it was better than nothing. He knew he should really invest in some better winter gear, but if he was only spending two weeks out of the year here and the rest in Los Angeles, it really wasn’t worth it to splurge.
Castiel wasn’t sure if it was a rhetorical question. He kept his eyes trained on the side of Jimmy’s face.
He groaned and jiggled in his leg in a desperate attempt to set some of the spiders crawling along his nerves free.
It hadn’t really been his fault. At least, that’s what the sheriff had said. Faulty brake lines in a car could’ve stemmed from any number of things. It could’ve been a manufacturing error, deliberate tampering, improper usage.
The fireworks exploded against his fingertips, trailing all the way up his arm. His dizzy brain locked onto the sight of their hands clasped together, and he smiled when he saw the bandaid on Cas’ thumb. The bumblebee design suited him.
The very few times someone had put up a fuss over the couple, Jody and Donna had shut it down instantly, the latter with kindness and the former with her signature smile and a reminder that she had a badge and a gun, and she wasn’t afraid to use either.
Dean had never told Cas that he had been the one to do the work on his parents’ car before they had gotten in the accident. He’d never told him about how they had brought it in for some routine maintenance, an oil change and some new brake lines and pads. He hadn’t thought much about it, just did the repairs and sent them on their way.
In his defense, it was the tiniest glint in the water. Just a small hint of light. If anything, it could’ve easily been mistaken for the flashlight’s beam reflecting off the surface. If Dean hadn’t been on such high alert, he probably would’ve dismissed it outright.
He bounced it in the palm of his hand, rubbing his thumb over the smooth indent in its surface. Years later, and it was still a perfect fit. Experimentally, he rubbed a thumb up the indent before deftly spinning it between his thumb and forefinger, before sliding his thumb back down.
Chuck Shurley, washed-up-romance-novelist turned town drunk and owner of the local bookstore, had gotten it into his head one night that he wanted to get a better view of the moon. Connect with his muse, or some stupid mumbo jumbo like that. Dean was pretty sure he just tossed back a few too many rum-and-cokes. He had stolen a canoe from one of his neighbors and paddled it onto the river, attempting to find that perfect angle for viewing when his canoe flipped, sending his under water.
Dean sighed and explained the whole situation. Where he’d left Jimmy. Where Jimmy could’ve gone missing from.
Dean wasn’t quite sure how to describe the change in Jody’s demeanor when she went into Sheriff Mode. Something about her brow setting a little higher, her eyes hardening into a mask that no one could see behind, her shoulders stiffening as she prepared to ask hard questions.
Maybe that was why he was so concerned. Maybe Jody was right. Jimmy probably had just forgotten to tell Castiel about a business trip he had, or something like that.
Cas had certain levels to how he responded to things. First, if things were slightly overwhelming, he’d get frustrated. Then, he’d start getting angry. Sometimes, he’d reach a full-blown meltdown, although those had tapered off when they entered their adult years. The worst times were when he lost the ability to speak.
He was so distracted by the sensation of everything, the overwhelming nature of his brain in meltdown mode that he almost missed the phone call. As it was, he was barely able to hit the ANSWER button on his phone screen.
The book in Dean’s hands was on the thinner side, thinner than the last one Cas had written. It was slim, with a dark green hard cover and silver detailing running down the front in patterns reminiscent of vines. Kinda girly, but whatever. Dean ran his hands across the title, feeling the indentations under his fingertips.
In all honesty, he’d completely forgotten that he’d signaled for Jody. When he’d seen Dean go under the water, he’d lost any and all logical thoughts other than save him. He’d immediately jumped into action, acting more on instinct than rationality. It wasn’t until after he’d pulled Dean out of the water that he’d lost the ability to speak. He knew he couldn’t make a phone call, and he knew Dean wasn’t in any shape for one either. Without a second thought as to whether or not it would work, he shot off a flare.
“Oh my god, is that Cas? Sitting with you?!” The chipper voice of his best-friend-slash-part-time-barista greeted him.
He looked at the joint headstone, shared between his mother and father, Naomi on one side and Michael on the other.
If he could survive Michael’s sermons about how he was going to hell for his sexual inclinations, he could survive a short drive to Jimmy’s home.
Dean didn’t need to ask. Bobby’s wife, Ellen, had the parade meeting schedule posted on the same board as the daily work schedule. It was a subtle attempt by Dean’s pseudo-mother to guilt him into attending. Like clockwork, it showed up every year, and every year Dean avoided going to the meetings like his life depended on it.
Castiel rubbed at his eyes, weariness weighing down his shoulders. He felt like Atlas, bearing the burden of the sky.
“I’m okay, thank you,” Castiel didn’t even try to disguise the fact that his voice was completely devoid of emotion. He knew Dean wouldn’t take offense.
After about an hour of talking to Mary, he said his goodbyes before wandering over to the Novaks’ shared grave.
Before too long, Castiel was loaded into Dean’s car with a pack full of meager searching supplies. There were flares, a reflective vest, some handwarmers, an extra set of gloves, and a flashlight.
The air between them was tentative, fragile. There was hope there, though. It was resting between them like a gift, one that both of them were too scared to open. Both of them hoping the other would open it first.
Castiel’s heart sank in his chest. It was getting harder and harder to deny the fact that Jimmy’s absence was worrying. The longer he was gone, the more concerned Castiel got. He shook the thoughts away.
Dean’s words about the river hadn’t been much help. All he could focus on now was the idea that his brother had slipped into an ice cold river and had gotten hurt or frostbitten only to wash up on some riverbank miles away from home without a functioning phone.
He woke with a start and groaned at the stiffness in his back. He’d never admit to anyone, especially Claire, but he really was getting old, and the cold hit his body harder than it ever had before. Some mornings, he’d just lay there in bed, waiting for the soreness to subside before he could even think about moving.
“I - ,” Cas cut himself off, “Yes, I would agree that that’s the logical outcome of the givens you’ve listed,”
By the time the two of them got back onto the muddy riverbank, Dean was frozen solid, and Cas was practically catatonic.
Jimmy sounded positively diabolical. He knew if Dean said no, especially in front of Cas, he’d look like a dick. Fucking asshole salesman, backing him into a corner. Leave it to Jimmy to notice that Dean still cared about Cas’ opinion of him.
“I’m okay,” Dean said through his chattering teeth when Cas’ hand didn’t loosen it’s stranglehold on his.
“The Christmas parade is coming up. I was hoping you would be okay with helping out again this year?”
“If you want to, you could always help out with the committee again this year. I’m sure Dean would love to have you around,”
The passenger seat was a cherished memory that very few people got to have. Her interior smelled like leather and sandalwood, combined with the pinewood smell of Dean’s aftershave. Her leather seats were comfortable, soft enough to sleep on if one needed to. Her dashboard was spotless, not a speck of dust in sight.
It was also within walking distance of the mechanic shop, which meant that it made for a fantastic lunch spot.
Cas’ already pink cheeks flushed even further as he hurried towards the only crowded table. Dean stiffened when he realized the only free seat was the one right next to him.
Fuck, had Jimmy still not come back yet? That worried, gnawing feeling from earlier was beginning to chew at his stomach again. Had something happened to him?
“That’s good, I was worried about him,” Jody said before turning to order her food. When she finished, Dean stepped forward and ordered for him and Bobby, plunking cash down on the counter for Krissy to count.
Now, he was sitting on Dean’s couch, a soft blanket wrapped around his shoulders, wearing Dean’s clothes, cupping a mug of cocoa. Dean had retrieved Castiel’s worry stone from the pocket of his jeans, and it was resting on his knee.
“Okay, so then let’s build up to it. We can walk this side of the river for as long as you need and when you’re ready, we’ll wade in as far as we can,”
The shouts echoed down the hallways, gradually getting more and more heated as more words were exchanged.
Jimmy made more than enough money at his job, and he refused to let Castiel give him any financial support. Not even for Claire.
“Great! Now, wouldn’t you agree that fireworks are better when you have the best view possible of them?”
“It’ll be just a few minutes,” Jimmy waved her concerns away, “Now, Cas, what do you think about a fireworks show?”
Cas squeezed his hand in rapid succession, three quick pulses. He did remember. Their secret childhood code. Three short squeezes for yes, one long one for no.
The sky in Los Angeles was different, grayer. The edges were always lined with a strange rust tinge, the result of millions of people commuting about their day, pollution so noxious it became visible. Kansas, on the other hand, was different. Bright blue, the color of a robin’s egg. Yellow grass dusted with patches of snow and ice despite the lack of clouds in the sky. It wasn’t that Kansas was more colorful in its scenery than California was, although that was indisputably incorrect. It was that the colors in Kansas were so much more calming. In Los Angeles, everything was bright and loud and aggressively saturated. In Kansas, the colors were muted, a soft promise of something more. His eyes certainly appreciated the break.
“I’m just saying,” Sam started, “That maybe, you don’t have to lie about finding a compromise. Maybe – I don’t know – go meet up with him down by the pier and at least scope out the area and see if you can come up with a way to meet in the middle,”
He didn’t let Cas down until they were inside, trailing mud all over the creaky wood floors. Dean immediately started working on getting a fire going. Cas stared at him for a long moment, tears streaming down his face, before he slumped onto the ground and pushed himself up against a wall.
It was ridiculous, really. Dean had thought he’d done everything right. He’d bought champagne, planned a whole date night, and set up a party at the Roadhouse to celebrate afterwards. He’d scrounged for weeks to be able to afford a nice ring. Platinum. Expensive.
He left his bouquet of lies there on the dirt, all twelve of the buds frosted gold in the pale morning sunlight.
Still, even in the wake of his wife’s death, Jimmy hadn’t done anything like this. He hadn’t disappeared without a trace for over twenty-four hours. Hell, Castiel could barely remember a time where Jimmy hadn’t gone more than twenty minutes without announcing his presence to the entire world, a habit that had only compounded when he’d gotten access to social media.
Dean debated forcing Jimmy to come back with him, before giving up and realizing it probably wasn’t worth it. Novak stubbornness was a notorious thing, after all.
That memory was one that he kept buried in a box in the back of his brain, and yet, it seemed determined to make itself the primary thought in Castiel’s brain.
“No. I mean, maybe? I texted her asking if she’d heard from it. She’s smart enough to figure out what I meant by that,”
He knew he was still in love with Dean. That thought was what had inspired every single one of his novels so far, and it wasn’t a stretch to believe that Dean’s touch would still have that effect on him. What confused him was the fact that Dean didn’t hate him.
Before he could register what was happening, Dean’s hand was covering his own, gently tugging his fingers away from his raw thumb.
Claire was a whirlwind of destruction, tearing apart organized cabinets and storage bins in her attempts to find the perfect clothes and items to take with her on vacation.
It wasn’t that he didn’t feel anxiety over Jimmy’s disappearance. His brother had never pulled a move like this before. Jimmy was the very picture of the modern American man. Perfect hair, perfect job, perfect clothes, even perfect teeth. His life had honestly been perfect until Amelia had died.
“So, if I told you that the best place to view a fireworks show was from a boat on the river, you would agree that it would be a worthwhile endeavor to set up a boat?”
“Look, man, we can meet back out here again tomorrow morning, I swear. But you gotta put on better shoes,”
Mercifully, the house came into view, and Castiel was saved from having to respond. Claire had the car door thrown open before Castiel had even slid the car into park, an action that nearly gave him a heart attack.
“Well, I asked him if he had any reason for thinking Jimmy was missing, and you’ll never guess what he said,”
Claire’s face flashed across the screen, a newer photo of her showing off her new nose piercing. Her nose was scrunched, eyes wide in a comical pose.
“Oh my God, would you just shut up and let me pack? I don’t need you to lecture me over every little thing I do,”
Castiel shrugged, fear and amusement warring for dominance in his body. He wasn’t quite sure whether to be scared of her, or to laugh at her antics.
Ellen chewed the inside of her cheek, obviously debating how to proceed. Dean decided that was his cue to zone out. The only reason he was a part of this stupid committee now was because Jimmy wanted him to put motors on the boats and service the vehicles for the parade floats. Only one of those things required his attendance at these meetings, and since Jimmy wasn’t here, that meant he had no purpose today. Fuck, he really was about to waste an hour or two, wasn’t he?
He shot a glare at Bobby’s office when he was sure the man couldn’t see before pulling a chair up in front of the phone and grabbing a pen and some paper. This was going to take a minute.
Castiel looked at Dean, sure the surprise was written all over his face. Dean’s face, on the other hand, was tight, brows drawn close and mouth puckered. Castiel was pretty sure that was a concerned look.
When he finally made it through the boarding process and onto the plane, he ordered himself another drink. Anything to steel his nerves against the visit back to Lawrence.
He was sorely reminded of that fact upon arriving at Jimmy’s home. The home that had been willed to him by their parents.
His mind went in circles like that while Jimmy talked, the more romantic side of his brain warring with the much more logical mechanic side.
It wasn’t that he was intentionally an asshole. He just had trouble communicating with people. Autism, apparently. At least, that’s what the psychiatric evaluation had said when he was a child. Asperger’s, specifically, though he preferred not to call it that. Autism had a better ring to it, it got the point across clearer. It also felt better in his mouth, but that wasn’t something he’d tell anyone else. At least, not anyone aside from the one person he had told. The person he’d told all his secrets to, a long time ago.
It was part of why people still brought them flowers every year. Christians were a superstitious bunch, always devoted and faithful, doing everything they could to get a leg up in the afterlife. Castiel remembered when he had been like that, too.
He scrunched his eyes shut. He didn’t want to listen to Dean and Jody’s hushed conversation. Hell, he’d done a good job of not noticing that Dean had even let Jody in in the first place.
Dean liked the park, even with the looming spectres of headstones lingering in the distance. It was calming, easy. Kids played on the jungle gym, moms gossiped on the benches, teens smoked under the tennis court bleachers. There was a rhyme and rhythm to the way things worked at the park, one that was easily understandable by everyone who went there.
Work was a fucking bitch when it got this cold. The old heater could only push so much hot air into the space, sputtering and hissing the whole time. Dean felt guilty if he bitched, though, knowing Bobby was probably worse off than he was.
i've decided mondays are my new update day, because that coincides with when i have the most free time in my schedule.
Cas nodded like he was receiving state secrets instead of just regular directions. Dean suppressed a smile.
“You need help with floats again?” Dammit, why was his voice so shaky. It’s not like he was talking to Cas. Just around him.
They hadn’t found much to bury beyond her charred bones, no other physical reminder’s of her had survived the house’s destruction, save for a single photograph Dean’s father had carried out in his wallet that night.
“Claire’s going out of town with friends tomorrow, just a weekend trip, and she’s not gonna be here for the anniversary,” Jimmy’s voice was soothing, a gentle murmur. He knew Castiel didn’t like it when plans change, and it seemed like he was doing his damned best to keep Castiel from slipping into a meltdown.
Dean was concerned about the depth of the water. He didn’t want to risk getting water in his waders. That was a one-way ticket to hypothermia.
Bobby had been in Dean’s life for longer than he could remember. Bobby’s wheelchair had been a part of Bobby’s life since before Dean was born.
Castiel still remembered the look on Dean’s face when he’d said no. How his eyes had fallen, his hand with the ring in it drooping. It haunted Castiel’s nightmares to this day.
“Yeah, well,” He rubbed absently at the back of his hand with his dirty rag, dragging streak of grease across his wrist, “Let’s go check out the car,”
Dean wasn’t sure how to break the silence. The tension in his body felt ready to snap, a frayed thread supporting his entire weight.
Even if she was an asshole about it, Claire was right. Hell, maybe she was right because she was willing to be an asshole about it. Whatever.
No, Jimmy had to be fine. He was probably just on a weekend trip with some clients or business associates and he forgot to give Cas a heads up.
If Dean could see Jimmy’s face, he was pretty sure he would see that shit-eating grin Claire liked to put on right before pulling some asshole prank.
There was a counter for them to order from, and a high school student was standing there waiting for them. Dean was pretty sure her name was Krissy. Wasn’t she one of Claire’s friends?
It had fallen a few weeks before, and he hadn’t felt safe hiring anyone to come and pull it out of the river. Now, it lay halfway out across the water, catching bits of debris and trash in its dead branches. It had been a royal pain in his ass since it had landed with a crash while he’d been walking nearby.
“I get it if you don’t want to talk about it. I do. But don’t you think that talking about it might be… I don’t know… healthy? You’ve never really talked about it before. You just said – “
Jimmy sat across from his, sharing a couch with Claire, who looked as if she’d rather be anywhere else on the planet than a coffee shop with her dad and her pseudo-uncle.
Without warning, an image of Cas flashed through his mind. Cas, anxious and worried and scared, worrying away at the stone in his hand, looking to Dean for support. For help. For reassurance.
To say Castiel was concerned was an understatement. Honestly, he was scared. Scared something had happened to his brother.
Castiel’s ears caught on Jimmy’s name, and it was enough of a jolt to keep him from getting upset over being signed up for a meeting without his knowledge. It was weird that Jimmy hadn’t told him about it, though.
“So we switched out the suspension system, just the standard shocks, springs, and anti-sway bars. Jimmy didn’t request us to fix anything else, so I left most of it alone, but it looks like something happened to the front right quarter panel. Has he mentioned accidentally hitting something recently? Maybe a fender bender?”
As if he had read Dean’s mind, Cas whispered again, “Ellen guilt tripped me into coming. Why are you here?”
The schedule was printed out and pinned to the corkboard in the main shop room, just a simple time table with customer name, vehicle information, and job description. Bobby’s “no frills” attitude towards work extended into his paperwork to an almost annoying degree. The bare bones descriptors often meant Dean had to spend an extended amount of time under the vehicle, figuring out what needed to be done, and calling the vehicle owner to ensure the right parts were installed. He didn’t want to accidentally screw a customer over by giving them work they couldn’t afford.
“No kidding. Work’s been slow since we finished up Jimmy’s car the other day. Just a few oil changes and tire pressures that needed checking. Nothin’ much otherwise,”
As everyone was standing up, and Dean made to join them, Cas caught him by the wrist, dragging Dean’s attention to him.
The garage wasn’t that far of a walk, only eight minutes away on a good day, but the blustery winds definitely made the eight minutes miserable. The Midwest winter winds had a way of cutting through even the thickest jackets, stabbing at his bare skin with a thousand knives, making Dean regret ever having walked outside in the first place. He wrapped his scarf tighter around his face.
It wouldn’t be an easy thing to reach. He hadn’t been joking when he said he didn’t know what the current was like. Luckily, the bend in the river on his property didn’t run too deep, maybe chest-height at the worst, but it was more than enough to suck a grown man under if there were any wayward eddies he didn’t know about. Hell, water above the knees was dangerous, especially in the parts of the river without rocks lining the bottom. The silt could easily suck them down if they weren't careful. Dean could admit he was nervous about what they were going to do.
Dean suppressed a sigh, pulling the muddy glove out of his mouth. It was his day off, the one day a week he got to rest and relax. Granted, picking trash out of a muddy, icy riverbank wasn’t exactly relaxing, but it was certainly better than heading into town to grab a coffee with his ex-boyfriend’s brother.
It took one attempt at grabbing the steering wheel again before Castiel realized that purely turning off his emotions wasn’t going to solve the problem at hand.
Dean’s eyes were cut off, a sacrifice made by Claire when she took the surreptitious photo, but Castiel knew what they looked like. Green, crinkled in the corners by his smile, and framed by freckles.
He spent a good five minutes fantasizing about what it would be like to have Cas sit across from him in one of those boats. How the wind would blow his dark hair around, and the fireworks would flash against his blue eyes. He’d probably bring that stupid overcoat, and it wouldn’t be enough to combat the cold draft blasting off the water, so Dean would have to lend him a jacket or a scarf. He’d lean in as he offered it and plant a kiss right between Cas’ eyebrows on the spot where they crinkled together whenever he made that stupid face Dean loved so much.
“Yeah, well, I figured I might as well make sure that you got a good mechanic, since you seem so damned determined to get these fuckin’ boats made,”
Cas’ rough voice was even more stilted than normal, an achievement that Dean figured had to be hard to reach.
In that instant, he had understood exactly how white dwarves and supernovas felt during their creation and destruction.
Castiel let out an exasperated sigh, rubbing a hand over his eyes. Frustration crept up the back of his neck, pins and needles poking him until he twitched his head back in a sharp nodding motion. Instantly, the spidery sensation receded.
There he was, still in that stupid trench coat. Fuck, was that the same coat he’d had since high school? How’d he manage to keep it looking so nice for so long?
Dean swallowed the lump in his throat, feeling like his stomach was weighted down with rocks. He ran a nervous hand through his hair.
He kept digging at the skin around his thumbnail, wincing when he pulled a little too hard at a piece of skin that wasn’t quite ready to come loose yet.
His mind idly fixated on his mother as he continued to pick up trash, not really outright focusing on anything about her in particular. It was something he liked to do when he had to muddle his way through anything mildly unpleasant. Her vague memory offered warmth, a glow in his chest that very few other things could, and that warmth was enough to cut through the icy wind chill and river water splashing his legs.
He wondered what Cas was doing here now, though. Cas was nothing if not ornery about routine. Dean was pretty sure it was an autism thing, a quirk that just helped make Cas who he was. It wasn’t like him to visit his parents grave two days early. Hell, it wasn’t like him to do anything early. Or late, for that matter. He always did it right on time, every time, at the same time. That was how he did things.
Dean recognized the sign for “movie”, a circular motion of one hand against the flat palm of the other.
Castiel still had nightmares about the way they treated him as an openly gay, autistic teenager. It hadn’t ended well.
He just needed to check it. He needed to prove to himself that Jimmy wasn’t here. If he wasn’t here, then that meant he was in Kansas City.
Cas’ head snapped up, searching for the source of the intrusion. Dean scrambled to turn his phone off.
It would be fucking miserably cold. The weatherman had predicted temperature significantly below freezing. Still, if this is what it took to keep Jimmy from accidentally killing the entire town, he could sacrifice his fingertips and earlobes for half an hour.
Dean had a really bad feeling about the felled tree, and he’d had it ever since he saw it that morning. Now, though, with his heart in his gut and Cas’ hand wrapped tightly in his own, all he could feel was an all-encompassing dread. All day long, he’d been telling himself that Jimmy was fine. Jimmy was on a business trip. Jimmy would be home in a few days. He wasn’t sure when he’d stopped doing that. Now, all he could hope for was that they wouldn’t find him drowned underneath the damn tree in the river.
“Look, Dean, I trust you with the car. Please don’t ruin the surprise, but I’m planning to pass it off to Claire pretty soon here, just as soon as I get myself a new one,” Dean didn’t have to see Jimmy’s face to know he was smiling, that signature Novak twinkle in his eye. All of them had it. Claire, Cas, Jimmy. That little mischievous sparkle that sucked you in and made you want to help them with their crazy schemes.
“So I was thinking,” His voice held the excitement of a child about to tell their parents about a very harebrained scheme, “that it would be fun to host a fireworks display,”
Sam had come a long way since he and Eileen had started dating, but he still struggled with basic vocabulary sometimes. He was such a pushover that Dean honestly wasn’t surprised “no” was a sign he struggled with. Either way, he was leagues better than Dean was.
No. Dean stopped the thought in its tracks. Jimmy was fine. He was safe and on a business trip. He would be home in a few days. Dean didn’t need to worry about him, because he wasn’t dead.
“Cross my heart, I won’t tell. Still, I gotta ask, you got a budget for this? It can get pretty pricey,”
In his life, the only person he’d met who understood his need to stim, who truly got it, was Dean. Castiel had long suspected that Dean had undiagnosed ADHD. He certainly fit the bill. Couldn’t follow directions to save his life, had a temper meaner than a firecracker, impulsive as all hell, and the list went on. On the other hand, he was smart as a whip, good at making decisions on the fly, and great at coming up with off-the-wall ideas. So yeah, probably neurodivergent as well.
Castiel didn’t deserve that. He had no right to expect Dean to listen to his worries, his concerns over his brother’s whereabouts.
He surveyed the river one more time, scanning it for anything unusual. The snow around the edges gave him almost as much anxiety as the felled tree. If Jimmy hadn’t been bludgeoned to death on the floor of the river or drowned in a tangled lump underneath the tree, then the hypothermia would’ve taken him in no time at all.
Dean knew that he had less time than he thought to get out of the cold and strip himself out of the waders and his soaked clothes. One look at Cas, though, and he knew he had more important things to worry about.
Amelia, Claire’s mom, had been too good for Jimmy. Funny, bright, and sarcastic as hell. Dean had always liked her. She’d died too young, as far as he was concerned. Claire had never even gotten to really know her.
seat – a fucking assigned seat – at the little plastic folding table in the community center that Ellen had set up for the parade committee meeting that evening, and he was not happy about it.
“How many other ‘repairs’ has he done recently?” He knew he sounded cranky, but he was pretty sure Bobby would understand why. A trail of oil leaked down the side of his face, tickling the skin.
He gave himself five minutes to calm down. Five minutes to breathe. Five minutes to push all of those feelings out of his brain until he felt nothing at all.
Cas nodded. Dean held out the pile of clothing in his hands. Cas took them, absentmindedly running his fingers over the shirt’s logo.
“I think I’d want to die doing something cool. Badass. Maybe getting gunned down while I’m robbing a bank,”
manuscript would’ve been rejected outright. Even with his reputation, the publishers had still required him to add in a message of hope to the whole thing. There had to be a chance of reconciliation, an open door at the end of the long, dark hallway.
Closure was something you tried to get when you knew there was no chance of getting anything else. At least, that’s what Castiel thought closure was supposed to be.
Fuck, if Castiel could do it all over again, he would’ve married that man in a heartbeat, if only to wake up to that damn smile every day. To see those eyes staring at him when he woke up in the mornings.
“That makes sense,” Cas’ voice betrayed nothing of his emotions. Dean had never seen someone with such a good poker face. The man was made of stone, as far as he was concerned. At least, he was made of stone when he wanted to be. It made Dean sad to realize that Cas was probably purposely keeping those walls up. He missed the old Cas, the one he’d know his whole life. Warm, funny, and dorky as all hell. Not the intimidating mask of a man standing before him now.
“He’s been busy all day. No cell service,” His voice sounded tinny, even to himself. Ellen would see right through the lie.
The awkwardness was increasing, a pressure that rose around Castiel’s neck, almost choking him. He genuinely thought he might lose the ability to breathe.
It wasn’t like Castiel had wanted to hurt himself. It was an impulse, a need. He had to hurt himself. It was the only way to calm the screaming in his mind. The only thing that quelled the image of Jimmy under the water…
God must be out to get him or something, because of course Cas would show up when Dean had a grease stain down his face and motor oil in his hair.
He gestured towards the door in the back of the shop that led to the tiny parking lot they had out back for finished cars. Jimmy’s Prius sat at the far end.
Castiel began slinking towards his room, hoping to avoid getting caught in the middle of whatever was going on. He wasn’t an expert on human behavior, but he was pretty sure they were actually fighting about more than just Claire’s packing.
With a sigh, Jimmy turned and began to wander off in the direction Claire had disappeared to. His gait was much slower, a quiet stroll compared to her angry stomping. Castiel followed him, and together, they made their way back across town.
The snow lining the riverbank was the only reason Dean didn’t wade into the water right then. He didn’t have a spotter or anyone to call if he got swept away.
The snippets of conversation floated in and out of Castiel’s ears, nonsensical in his purposed distraction. Seconds felt like hours. Minutes felt like decades. He kept his eyes on his cocoa.
He fucking hated driving. Had for years. Still, he could put up with it in short bursts. It’s not like he had a bicycle here, and even if he did, he didn’t think Claire would particularly enjoy riding on the handlebars.
When Cas had been younger, he’d generally been pretty okay with dealing with the discomfort clothing caused him. He’d had to be, with the way his parents dressed him. Hell, even now it seemed like he was generally able to wear uncomfortable clothing without a problem, judging by the weird trench coat he had been wearing the other day. Still, there was no point in risking giving Cas something with a tag or a pair of briefs that would pull on his leg hair. He was already in meltdown-mode, now it was mitigation time.
She had been a kind woman, from what he could remember. Sarcastic, funny, sweet. A little prone to losing her temper, but quick to apologize.
Dean could not believe he was doing this. He could not fucking believe Bobby had had the guts to trick him.
Castiel hadn’t asked Dean where he’d managed to scrape together the money. He didn’t want to know. Dean’s gap-toothed smile as he presented his prize was too pleasant of a memory to spoil with the knowledge that Castiel was now the owner of - most likely – stolen goods. He just hoped the souvenir shop hadn’t been a mom-and-pop store.
As Dean watched the flare explode overhead, all he could think was Wow, Jimmy was right. Fireworks on the river would’ve been beautiful.
Dean pushed the feeling down, burying it under his nerves about being around Cas. It was easy to pretend he was practically fizzling with the proximity of his ex-boyfriend when he was focusing on work, but now that the conversation had shifted, it was harder to remember how to act.
