His tone brooks no argument, and Dean finds himself face down on the bed before he’s conscious of following orders.
“If you make a disparaging remark about your intelligence, I will recite verbatim the organizational structure of your neural pathways,” Cas says in a near-growl. “All one hundred trillion of them.”
“Shh.”
“I know he cares about me too. And
“It’s only a swirl, to flavor the glass. No green fairies will lead us astray.”
“Of course I want you,” Cas says when he pulls back, both hands holding Dean’s face now, and it would take nothing, nothing at all to close the distance between them.
come on. I can’t believe you - god.” Dean takes the head of his cock into his mouth to stop himself from saying anything else. And yeah, Cas might be right that he’s never done this before, but he’s sure as hell done
After Cas gets snatched, Chuck gets beat, and Jack gets promoted to the new god, Dean drives the speed limit, he fully cooks his burgers, and he keeps to a max of two (three) drinks a night.
“That’s...nothing, that’s just -”
Dean leans forward to kiss him and slides his hands down to Cas’ ass. He’s suddenly less morally opposed to all the jogging Cas has been doing lately. Appreciation indeed.
"The fuck?" Dean mutters under his breath, kicking Cas' shoe under the table.
“That I love you, I’m in love with you, all that - I need those new languages you were talking about,” Dean babbles, eyes squeezed shut. “Take your pick.”
“I just - I want you, alright?” Dean groans. “Fuck, I’ve thought about this so many times, you have no goddamn idea.”
“Um." Dean's brain isn't home at the moment, please try again later.
Cas busies his hands with opening the box and finding the honey and a couple of spoons, anything to avoid thinking about those awful days.
Dean brushes his teeth as he watches Cas nod off in the mirror.
Dean taps his bottle against Cas’, thinking of every angel that’s fucked with his people just for the sake of following orders. “Can’t argue with that.”
“Better broken and glued back together as my own creation than an unthinking tool of heaven. I don’t miss it, Dean.”
Dean would grin at the novelty of driving an angel to incoherence, but his mouth is a little preoccupied. What’s that saying - ten thousand hours of practice makes anyone an expert. He’s not there yet, but he’s been reading Cas for years. Sex is just a different dialect of the same language.
“Man, I’ve got no fucking clue what he wanted. He wanted to tell me he
"I...wait, about the bondage, or...the other thing."
“Dean,” Cas says, sitting back on his knees and frowning down at him.
,” Dean says, gasping as Cas leans forward to suck his dick again. “God, god god god, fucking fuck fuck -
"Cas, man, you gotta know -"
. It’s wondrous. Isn’t that what we deserve, after everything? The freedom to do as we please?”
“Oh. Your answer seems pretty great. Sure beats anything I was coming up with, so, same.”
Cas hums, letting Dean decide if there's more he wants to say. Dean tries to remind himself that Cas actually
Cas just nods, all serene, like of course, obviously he knows how to surf. Trying to picture it, Dean laughs, until he doesn't - the prospect of Cas in board shorts has some serious merit.
“I can drive. I’ll see you at home,” Dean says, trying to give the words an air of finality. He’s suddenly way too tired for an argument.
“Well, I don’t know. Could be there’s something keeping him away. Some reason he’s sort of here and not here. Worth a shot, right?”
Cas nods. That makes sense. “It would not stand for him succeeding twice. Call it professional pride.”
Dean busies himself with peeling the wrapper off of his water bottle, picking at the glue residue left behind.
Cas lets himself drop to a sprawled sit on the asphalt, and Dean goes with him. Cas turns his face into Dean’s shoulder, Dean’s arm wrapping around him as he gently shushes against his temple.
“Dean.”
“Mm. A while,” Cas says, folding the newspaper. “Were you aware that you occasionally talk in your sleep?”
“Definition, please.”
Cas hums and continues scrolling. For anyone else, moving in together after less than a week of dating (is that what they’re doing? Fucking
"Please know I mean this affectionately, but no you weren’t. And I wasn’t either.”
“Really, Cas? Jesus trivia?” Dean says, rolling onto his side to face him. “You sure know how to get a guy going.”
Later, with shower-warm skin against clean sheets and Cas in his arms, Dean traces over the faint impressions the ropes made on his wrists. The marks will be gone in a day or two, but Cas is staying forever.
Then, he feels the edge of the war room table pressing into his back and huh, he hadn’t realized they’d moved. Cas’ hands, the hands that rebuilt him and saved his life time and fucking time again, land on his hips and he’s being hauled up onto the table like it’s nothing. Dean spares half a thought for Sam and Jack, but Cas stops kissing him just long enough to murmur, “We’re alone.”
“‘If you could change anything about the way you were raised, what would it be?’” Cas asks before popping a fried pickle into his mouth.
“Think we’re playing pretty fast and loose with the rules as it is,” Dean says, nudging his foot against Cas’ under the table.
he reminds himself as he stares longingly at his bowl. "That'd be great. Sure, Cas. I’ll read the articles."
“I’m currently filtering my own narrative down to meet the time requirement, and I need approximately 384 seconds for that process to complete in the background of my subconscious.”
“Bees are never evil,” Cas says. “It was merely defending its source of pollen.”
“You got a type, then?” Dean asks, before gulping the last of his beer and wishing he could be normal for fucking
Dean opens his eyes in time to see Sam smile like a fucking lunatic as he drops out of the plane door. Dean screams loud enough for both of them. He presses his face to the glass of his window to watch Sam freefall, and catches a glimpse of a tan trench coat and a shock of dark hair for no more than a second before Sam vanishes from view.
“What?” Dean reads it again, and a memory springs unbidden to his mind. “When I sang to someone else? I don’t know. Never, I guess. Karaoke as a demon doesn’t count.”
“So.  Not pirates.”
“True,” Eileen agrees, shining the beam of her flashlight over the license plate of the nearest truck before moving on to the next one.  “It’s not like vamps need anything else after a victim’s been drained.”
But the thing that stops him is Dean’s voice, because he knows that Dean would never forgive him for doing something so stupid.  Cas has to stay, not just for Sam but for all the fights that they’ve dedicated their lives to.  All the things that go bump in the night, all the people that wouldn’t get saved if Cas wasn’t there to save them.
a body, there’s usually no family waiting for answers.  They’re low-priority cases.”
“Seventy-three,” Sam answers with a laugh, and Dean whistles.
The entire floor of the den is scattered with human bones.  Ribs, femurs, pelvises, a few skulls.  All picked perfectly clean and all dreadfully small.  Far too small to be adults.
And with that, the captain sweeps away without so much as an introduction.
Cas is lying in bed nearly a month and a half after Dean’s funeral, tossing and turning and unable to sleep, when it finally occurs to him.  He sits bolt upright with a gasp.  “I’m an idiot,” he announces to the empty room.
Dean leans back in the driver’s seat, one elbow resting out the window, smile clinging to his face.  “Different kinds of good, Sammy.”
Eyes watering, coughing smoke from his lungs, Castiel finally backs away from the den and stands beside Frank.  Dean returns to where the children are huddled by the tree, checks them over for any injuries, gives Jean-Luc a comforting pat on the head.
“What are you doing?”
“I don’t care.”
“You need help hunting them?”  Cas is slightly confused.  There’s no reason that Claire should feel hesitant about asking him for help on a hunt.
Mr. Singer chuckles at that, but is apparently satisfied and retreats.  “He’s good,” he tells the captain.
The girl stares up at Dean blankly.
A thumb teases at the head of Dean’s cock as Cas slides back up to kiss Dean’s lips, his throat, the hollow of his jaw.  “What do you want, Dean?” Cas whispers, sending a fiercely gratifying shiver down Dean’s spine.
“See, Portland has a strict policy about trash pickup,” the officer explains.  “They don’t collect anything not in a purple bag.”
He feels Dean nod behind him, lips grazing the vertebrae between Cas’s shoulders.  “Did it hurt?”
Dean is certain that at some point Cas is going to want to have a straightforward discussion about what this change means for them — if they’re boyfriends, or partners, or if they want a label at all, and where the boundaries lie and what those are and what exactly they want from each other — but for now, it’s just easy.
’s masts, lighting the deck just enough to see where they’re going without tripping over anything.
Missouri winces, and shakes her head.  “No.  It’s in shadow.”
“Quit it,” Cas warns, though the corners of his mouth twitch in amusement.  “Sleep.”
The ocean surges over the land on the western side of the isle, climbing rapidly up to the peak of the rocky ridge.  The forest vanishes into the waves.
Cas gives him an odd look.  “I’m fairly certain these people are dead before they’re put in the compactor.”
Cas walks in, still dirty, and goes to wash his hands in the kitchen sink.  Dean has a beer ready for him from the fridge when he turns back around, and Cas swiftly plants a kiss on Dean’s mouth.
Sam clears his throat.  “Yeah, of course,” he says, and follows Dean up the steps and in through the front door.
“Frank, always a pleasure,” Dean says with a nod to Frank, who grunts at him.
but Castiel doesn’t know if Dean is accompanying them.
His son, however, is unaccustomed to loss.  And that’s a good thing, Sam knows.  That was the whole
“Yes it is,” Dean agrees.  Cas is right – the river is beautiful and calming, and with the sunlight warming his skin it’s impossible not to enjoy just
Cas’s phone rings.  He switches off the radio and fishes the phone out of his pocket without taking his eyes off the road.  “Hello?”
Frank’s eyes narrow at the woman, and he sniffs the air.  His knuckles go white around his gun.  He bares his teeth.
Cas braces his hands on his knees, heart still racing.  “Don’t
By the time Dean began spending every night sleeping in Cas’s room, right alongside him, it didn’t even seem like a big step.
Sam only laughs at him, thoroughly enjoying Dean’s discomfort.  “C’mon, why can’t—”
“Coffee’ll be ready by the time you’re up,” Dean promises as he slides out of bed.
The captain is taking on two mermaids simultaneously, cutlass swinging in a flurry of expert movement.  Ruthlessly efficient, he doesn’t stop for even a breath.  He runs through one and beheads the other.
It’s at that moment that Rufus hollers from the quarterdeck, hitting the planks as his feet are whipped out from under him.  Dean swears, lurching toward the stern, but Bobby is already running up to help.
Dean pulls a business card from his wallet and hands it to Lilah.  “All right, well, you hear of anything, give us a call.”
Dean, ever the master of misdirection, steals a quick whiskey-flavored kiss from Cas before they return to the car.
Little bits of Dean go flying, scattering and splattering and spraying.  He drips down walls.  He hangs from swinging hooks and seeps into cracks.  It’s nowhere he hasn’t been before.
Cas mulls this over.  A panic attack.  He wonders how normal that is for humans.  “I can’t heal myself,” he confesses, the scab on his neck prickling.
Dean makes a face.  “You know, just because you’ve seen
“Um.  Yeah — Yes.  Of course,” is Dean’s stuttered response.
Dean always had a way of seeing right through Sam’s bullcrap.  Sam sighs, then leans his elbows on the table.  “Okay, fine.  I saw the job application.”
“What is an impala, anyways?” Castiel asks as he hauls up the clewline, cinching the gasket to stow one corner of the sail hanging from this particular arm.
Alastair looks like an actual person, and Dean’s so happy to see another human face, he doesn’t care that the eyes flicker black.
reference.  Which, yeah, it’s Swayze, but
welcome to come to Sioux Falls and see me.  If you need a place to talk, to get away, or if you just need a home-cooked meal.”
He winces and peels the bandage away from the wound on his neck.  Dean insisted on at least putting some gauze and tape on it before they left El Paso, and Cas is glad he did.  The wound already looks a little bit better, if only because it’s been cleaned.  He prods at it gently, and thinks Dean might have been overreacting with the whole needing-stitches thing.
Castiel tenses, grips the hilt of his knife and steps in front of Jean-Luc.
“I trust him,” Dean counters.
The Empty looms closer, Claire’s face flickering against the black underneath.  “
” Jean-Luc shouts the moment he sees the house.
“Good call.”
It takes an hour and a half after he hangs up to reach the bunker to drop off Miracle, and Cas rushes to fill the dog’s food bowl for dinner before he runs back out the door and to the car.  Then, it takes another two hours to reach Salina.  Cas pulls his car into the parking garage of the hospital and quickly walks through the entrance.  The receptionist points him in the right direction.
The disembodied voice seemingly comes from all directions, bouncing off the surrounding trees.
“Patience, honey, would you get my kit for me?” she asks.  Patience nods and swiftly disappears into the same back room where Dean had gone, returning only a few seconds later with a beaded pouch that she hands to her grandmother.
“Frank?” prompts Missouri.
“Yeah?” Cas asks, confirming.  Dean should have known that Cas would want to check in every few steps.
“Does that feel good?” Cas whispers, his touch drifting along the arch of Dean’s eyebrows – first one, then the other.
Castiel has never heard any member of any crew argue like this with their captain before.  He’s shocked to his core that it’s on his behalf.  So shocked, in fact, that he doesn’t hear Dean coming until it’s too late.
“Can I help you?”  The officer is clearly a rookie, barely out of the academy.
But it is.
Castiel glances down for just long enough to see a mermaid bite a man’s head cleanly from his body, leaving his neck spraying.
But for now, Sam takes the mug and the mixtape from Cas’s desk, and then goes with Eileen to retrieve the Impala.
Later, as they stop for lunch at a diner near the Parkersburg town center, Dean’s name pops up on Cas’s phone.  Cas rubs his fist on his chest for a moment to apologize to Eileen for the interruption, then steps outside to answer the call.  He leans on the hood of Eileen’s car and grins when Dean tells him that they’re at a pie festival in Akron.
Sam watches the pavement unfurl ahead.  Bob Seger sings softly on the car radio.
Cas snorts.  “That is true.”
Dean shrugs, unbothered.  He says, like he knows what Sam’s thinking, “The dad I wanted wasn’t the dad we had.  So no, I don’t really need to see him.”
It’s immediately followed by a pained unearthly howl, which in turn stops just as suddenly.
Cas doesn’t bother arguing.  What’s the use in arguing with God, after all?  “Well, you bailing was a real page out of Chuck’s book,” he says instead, nails digging into his palms.  “I’m disappointed in you.”  He sounds like an animal.  He sounds hurt.  He sounds like Dean.
“Dean,” Cas says, a single broken syllable.
There’s a sudden flurry of activity as the men scramble to return to whatever task they’d been tending to prior to Castiel’s rescue, Mr. Singer overseeing with a discerning eye and a slight limp.
“You better be glad I don’t tell your father,” she says, although the threat is lacking in bite.  “Castiel, you’re welcome to sit here for a little while.  Don’t let Frank scare you too much; he won’t do nothing.”
Donna approaches from behind Claire, her face drawn and solemn.  She looks exhausted.  “Hiya, hon,” she says softly, and wraps her arms around Sam’s shoulders.
Just above the severed edge of the neck is a curved line of puncture wounds, small and slightly bruised.  Sam and Dean exchange a knowing look.
“Uh-huh.”
The island-that-shouldn’t-be is rocky and ragged, drooping palms and scales of ancient lava flow paving the slopes into the sea.  The waters are deep, ledges sharply dropping below the surface, and despite her keel the
” Feliciana repeats tearfully, tugging on Castiel’s fingers.  He’s far from experienced with children; her hands are tiny and she seems completely breakable, like one wrong move and he could snap her in half.
” as she shuffles from stall to stall.
Cas nods immediately, surprise still written all over his face.  As though he’s never dreamed he’d get this far.  “It’s more than okay.”
Cas stares at him for so long, his expression utterly unreadable, that Dean’s heart begins to beat off-rhythm.  He eventually blurts out “Is it because I’m not—?” and stops himself before he finishes the question.
Before Dean can regret the loss of Cas’s crushing, comforting weight, Cas wraps his arms solidly around him and pulls him close.  “I hope you know,” Cas continues, voice barely louder than a whisper, “how lucky I am, to have you like this.”
“Me?”
The connection crackles as Sam sobs into the phone.  He sounds like he’s speaking through a mouthful of broken glass.  “
Cas still doesn’t reply for a minute.  When he does speak, it’s only two words.  “I know.”
Dean swallows, rubbing his hand over his mouth.  “I’ve seen this once before, in Trinidad.  It’s a douen.”
Dean doesn’t know what to say to that, so he says nothing.  Something tugs at the pit of his stomach and he suddenly feels exactly like he did in the hallway just before dawn.  Like there’s a wall he’s fast approaching and he’s not bracing for the impact.
“Okay,” Sam says, flipping through his pages of notes.  “I got reports of four missing people.”
“Something tells me that’s not a feature of most garbage trucks,” Cas says.
Cas lets out a long breath and twists, rolling until he’s on his other side, facing Dean.  It’s too dark to fully see Dean’s features – he can just barely make out the sharp contour of Dean’s cheek – but Dean’s hand plays at his hip and pulls him closer.
Sam sits silent in his shock for a moment.  He can hear Dean still, all those years ago, shaking with excitement like a child.
He and Eileen are just bringing Dean home from a check-up.  Dean
“He’s a friend,” Dean says.  “You want to let us in now?”
.  He can still hear the snap of the
She points down to her feet, which are bare against the forest floor.  In the torchlight he can see they’re dirty and cut up.  Jean-Luc is barefoot as well, and Castiel wonders if the douen intentionally steals the shoes of its prey in order to keep them from running away.  He does the only logical thing and hoists Feliciana onto his back, letting her wrap her arms around his shoulders while he holds her legs.
It’s a day and a half before Cas can bring himself to clean the blood from the Impala’s back seat.  He doesn’t feel ready at all, but he can hear Dean’s voice in the back of his head:
“Then what—
sugar?!” Eileen replies, feigning shock.  “No, you can have water if you’re thirsty.”
Cas refuses to let go.  Dean is
Mostly, the men are excited to make port in Tortuga tomorrow.  Wally talks about a girl he’s been meaning to call on, while Ash brags that he’ll consume more rum than anyone else and still be standing and would anyone care to bet on it?
Cas’s head shifts slightly on the pillow.  “Is that what that was?”
A muscle twitches in Dean’s jaw.  “I didn’t know douens could do it to adults, too.”
“The monster.  You said you’ve been hunting it for months.  What did you mean?”
It’s a hollow jest – any humor in Dean’s voice is overshadowed by concern.  Cas knows the joke is Dean’s way of asking if he’s okay without pressing.
“I found it when I was cleaning the blood out of the car,” he says.  His voice is hoarse and flat, the kind of tone that only comes from crying for hours.
At last, Castiel manages to squeeze out of the den and into the fresh air.  Frank is on his knees desperately fiddling with the tinder box from his sheepskin bag, striking his firestarter against the sticks and branches at the den’s outer base.
Castiel eyes him suspiciously, and Dean evenly meets his gaze.  Finally, huffing out a resigned breath, Castiel shakes his head and says, “No, you don’t.”
Cas is confused, not sure he believes Jack.  The last thing he remembers is being in the dungeon with Dean before the Empty claimed him, but for all Cas knows it might have been a few minutes ago, or thousands of years may have already passed in the blink of an eye.
The girl tucks her pen behind her ear.  “Well, you could do the Hobson’s Wharf Special.  It’s the most food you can get in the state for eight bucks.”
They take Dean to a place outside of Lebanon, a meadow surrounded by woods a decent distance from the road.  Cas is at last forced to leave Dean in the car, and he, Sam, and Eileen begin collecting wood for a funeral pyre.  As he works, Cas is utterly numb.
“Good.”  Sam takes his response at face value.  He and Eileen set about discarding what’s left of the vetala’s corpse in the nearest dumpster.
He does the only thing that feels right, then.  He strides into the bunker, to his bedroom, grabs a pillow and blanket from his bed, and marches all the way back to the garage.
The corners of Dean’s eyes crinkle.  “I mean
“She shifted for you.”
Eileen is watching him with a worried frown.  “What’s wrong?” she signs.
“You’ll know the den when you see it.”
Donna and Claire say goodbye with fierce hugs and more than a few tears.  The taillights of their vehicles bounce along the dirt road out of the field and are swallowed by the dark.
Cas doesn’t remember reaching for the steering wheel, but he’s gripping it tighter than he’s ever gripped anything in his life.  He can’t meet Jack’s eye.
Cas jerks back like he’s been electrocuted, on his feet and away in an instant.  Fear and guilt color his face, his neck still flushed.  “I-I’m sorry,” he says.
Dean swallows, and Castiel thinks it’s relief that flits over his face.
Why does Cas have to be like this?  “Humor me, man,” Dean insists, gripping the steering wheel a bit too tight.
Something nervous and hair-raising settles into the pit of Cas’s stomach — he’s seen Dean act like this before.  In Purgatory.  And after, too, in night after restless night when Dean didn’t trust the floor beneath his feet and was half-convinced the world around him was some kind of hallucination.  He spent long hours pacing like a wolf in a zoo, wearing paths into shabby motel carpets and the bunker tiles, seeing monsters in every empty corner and hearing snarls in the silence.
sits proudly in the water, a square-rigged, fat-bottomed vessel that Castiel has loved as much as any home he’s ever had.  Even from this distance, he can see Akobel’s silhouette behind the helm, hunched over his charts with the first mate at his side.  A dozen men have climbed the masts and are busy stowing away the canvases, looking from far away like a troop of monkeys in the branches of a tree.  The
Cas doesn’t see Claire and Donna running out of the building behind him.  He doesn’t hear Claire screaming, or Donna trying to comfort her.  He doesn’t see the halo of blood around his head, or the feathered splashes from underneath him.
A rock presses against the walls of Sam’s throat.  Seeing the absolute void in Cas’s eyes hurts nearly as much as watching Dean realize his time was up.  Cas hasn’t asked what Dean said as he died, and Sam doesn’t know if it’s because he’s afraid to know, or if it hasn’t occurred to Cas that Dean didn’t die immediately, that he had time to say anything.  In any case, Sam’s terrified that if he tells Cas the full story, every detail, it will kill him.  All that matters is that Dean is gone.
Dean snorts and steps into the room.  “This is a weird choice,” he remarks.
Castiel twists in his seat, the chair creaking beneath him, to see that Dean and Missouri have returned from the back room.  Instantly, Castiel can see that something has changed; something hard and hurt is etched into the corners of Dean’s face.  He suddenly looks older.
When the crew reaches the end of the refrain, Dean takes the verse alone, his voice rising above the others.  Castiel is stunned, and he watches Dean unabashed with wonder.
“You can always visit, whenever you want.”  Dean smiles and looks out across the sun-kissed peaks, and he seems happier than Sam has ever seen him.  “But it’s a big world out there.  And Eileen’ll be here sooner than you think.”
“Hunting?”
Gagnon shuffles, suddenly looking sheepish.  His flabby cheeks flush pink.  “Sorry, just a joke.  I watch a lot of
He drops his duffel on the foot of his bed and goes to the sink.  His reflection greets him sullenly, worn-down and rumpled from a lack of sleep.  He looks
“Alright, well, enjoy your little weird violent romantic evening,” Dean concedes, and leaves them to it.
When he stands back up, he glances at the shelf above the desk and stops short.
“We must be below the tide line,” Ishim says with a dismissive shrug.
.  They’re short and easy, and usually don’t require all four of them.  Sometimes, it’s Dean and Sam, like it’s always been.  Other times Sam will hunt with just Eileen, or Dean and Cas will take care of the monster on their own.  Eileen and Cas pair up one weekend to take out a rogue wraith in Wichita.
Dean whistles lowly.  Cas looks a little bit sick.
Cas clears his throat.  His mouth is dry and he needs to brush his teeth.
After the ceremony, Dean ran up the aisle and, rather than jumping into the arms of either of his parents, he’d gone instead for Cas.  Cas hoisted him up, all bright smiles and laughs and hugs and beaming pride.
When a human forearm falls out of the bag and lands on the rocks at her feet, Tallie does not immediately react.  She stares at it.  The thing is pale grey and mottled and looks rubbery, like a stage prop.  But the bits of exposed muscle, torn tendons and a sawed-through bone poking out of what used to be someone’s elbow are a little too realistic to have been manufactured.
Unwilling to let this go now that he has it, Dean burrows further into Cas’s hold, and closes his eyes.
Cas slides a steaming mug over to him, then drops heavily into the chair opposite, his nose in his own cup.  “I’m sorry,” he says again, calmer now.  “I know it’s
“You coming or what?”
Dean is up to his waist in viscera.  Blood hot and sticky under his fingernails.  In his hair.  Iron on his tongue.  A red hot butcher's hook squelches in his back, grilling the meat between his shoulder blades.  He’s being skinned, flayed alive by claws unseen.  All he can hear is screaming.  Dozens — hundreds —
The answer is suddenly, incredibly, miraculously easy.  “I want to go to your room.”
The Kettle Cove Rehab Clinic is a much smaller operation than either Dean or Sam expects, located in a squat brick building that was originally constructed as an inn.  It’s not far from the King’s Head, so they leave the Impala parked on Commercial Street and walk the rest of the way, while Eileen insists on dragging Cas to several of the touristy shops along the harborfront.
Eileen returns to the table just as their food arrives.
“What’s up with him?” she signs to Cas.
What the
“Well,” Garth says, bracing his elbows on the yard and looking out to the southern horizon, “I don’t know.  I think once I knew the monsters were real, I couldn’t just sit by.  Besides, I like helping people.”
Dean frowns disbelievingly back at him.  “What are you talking about?  ‘Course it is.”
In the weeks following Chuck’s defeat, people visit the bunker one by one.  Bobby and Charlie swing by for some poker and beer, and Donna shows up with doughnuts and a
This is the closest Cas has gotten to flying since before the Fall, and a savage grin pulls at the corners of his mouth.
, he wants to snap.  But if Dean’s not ready to talk then he’s certainly not ready to argue, and Cas really doesn’t want to fight about anything when he doesn’t even know what they would be fighting about.  Instead, he huffs out a sigh and turns his face into his own pillow, and tries to go back to sleep.
“Are you okay?” Sam asks.
“First rule of hunting,” Dean replies bitterly.  “You can’t save everyone.  If that kid is still alive, it’ll be a miracle, so I’ll hold off on getting my hopes up.”
Garth looks up to the sky, where the stars are just beginning to emerge.  “That’s too bad,” he muses.  “You’re pretty handy in a fight.  Plus, you’re good company.”
The inside of the cabin isn’t quite what he expects, though he isn’t sure what exactly he
“You speak English?  French?”
“Dean, I can go in alone,” Castiel offers, blurting it out before thinking it through.
In the wake of the skirmish, the lack of noise is oppressive.  Without the clamor of shouts and animalistic shrieks, the sound of gnashing fangs and blades tearing through flesh, it’s almost silent by comparison.  All over the ship, men stand and catch their breath, nurse their wounds, and wipe monster blood from their skin.
“Yeah,” he says when he finally draws back, palm cupping Cas’s jaw.  “Yes, I’m sure.  I’m just— It’s a lot, is all.”
The girl stares at him like he’s got three heads, and Cas looks up, alarm tugging at the pit of his stomach.  “Are you joking?” asks the waitress.
“If you two are quite finished,” he snarls, “I found the den.”
Cas smiles and takes a sip of his ginger ale.
Castiel flinches, but there’s no way to avoid stepping on them.
Except, however, for the threads of thin copper wire woven through the canvases of each sail.  He asks Dean what it’s for at the end of the first day, but all Dean says is “Protection.”
Cas tugs on his ear, his neck flushing.  It’s embarrassing now, in the light of day.  “I just, um.  I thought maybe if Dean was still here, if he was tethered to something, it’d be the Impala.”
Cas reflexively backs up a step, which makes Dean pause, palms up like he thinks Cas might explode.  He’s fresh from the shower, his clean t-shirt damp around the collar, smelling like soap and warmth and
– but his body is thrumming on an atomic level and he feels vulnerable in a way that he can’t remember ever feeling before and everything begins to bottleneck.
Cas’s mouth twitches to the side.  “Honestly, I think it might have hurt more because I knew it wasn’t real.”  He takes a deep breath and leans back in his chair, draping one leg over the other and staring into the contents of his cup like he can’t quite bear to meet Sam’s eye.  “In any case, I’ve been kind of off-kilter since then.  And then this happened—”  He gestures to the pile of tape.  “—and I suppose I lost my mind a little.”
Cas swipes a palm over his face.  His hands are shaking.
Cas clears his throat, scratching at the back of his head.  “Yeah,” he says.  “We’d been working up to it for a while, so I brought some of Dean’s clothes and…”  He trails off with a slight shake of his head.  “I don’t know.  I thought I was ready.”
.  “Okay, well, have fun,” he says, throwing up his hands and leaving Sam to his work.
Cas places a hand on Dean’s shoulder.  Everything beneath Dean’s skin is tense, a tightly coiled spring.  He shows no signs of waking up, so Cas ventures a soft “Dean?” barely above a whisper.
Sam closes his eyes, wincing.  He should have been the one to clean the car.  Cas and Eileen had been the ones to get Dean’s body down off the rebar; the very least Sam could have done is spare Cas from having to scrub Dean’s blood out of the Impala’s back seat.  Another apology, added to the pile.  Another thing he forgot in the haze of grief.
.  A massive twisting horn of sticks and vines and branches woven tightly together like a bird’s nest, stretching upward in a conical shape from the ground up toward the treetops.  It’s shaped almost like a cornucopia standing on its wide end, the tapered apex of the structure curling around a tree trunk to anchor against any possible wind or weather.
Dean doesn’t stop to thank him and scrambles to his feet.  He lunges for the children, lifts one under each arm, and moves them to a safe distance.  “Stay here!” he orders as he places them at the base of a large tree several yards away, still within eyesight.
“Listen, I… I’m not going to pretend I get what it is to lose that kind of power,” Dean says.  “I don’t.  And I know all these stupid little things humans have to put up with – I know it’s all new and it’s all a pain in the ass.  But I think you’re not looking clearly at what’s going on.”
Sam circles back, setting the beer on the counter by his elbow.  “So, Bobby’s here?  Charlie?  Jody?”
Sam does the only logical thing, then, and pulls Dean into a hug.  “Thank you,” he says into Dean’s shoulder.
He sees Cas’s eyes drop noticeably to his mouth, his chest, and back up.  “Good,” Cas replies airily, shifting his weight to one hip.  “I was getting sick of Sam’s things.”
Dean opens his mouth to say something along the lines of
“You know him?”  He holds up Fred’s mugshot.
Dean swallows, turning his back to Castiel for a moment as he retrieves another orange from the crate behind him.  “The captain doesn’t want us talking about this stuff,” he says.
Strangely, Castiel thinks he detects a note of heartache in her voice.  He suddenly feels rude for asking.
Sam clears his throat, glancing between them with something like guilt flickering over his face.  “I’ll, uh— I’ll leave you guys to it.”
“Sam!” he cries, yanking Sam down into a firm hug, and suddenly Sam is laughing for the sheer wonder and joy
’s bow goes taut.  It strains for only a second, and then rips downward, slashing a gaping hole through her hull.
, right,” Dean nods, drumming a thumb on the steering wheel.  “I don’t know, it might be.  We tried to follow it all the way to the end once.  Took us to a beach in Maui.”  He laughs, the sound heavy with joy.  “That was a good day.”
Dean rolls his eyes, more at himself than at Cas.  He should’ve expected that answer.  He’s an idiot.  He bites the bullet and finally stops the car.
Castiel decides that he likes Patience much more than Frank.  He changes the subject.  “How do you know Dean?”
, Cas wants to say.  Instead, he presses his lips together and watches quietly as Dean finally straightens to brush his teeth.
“I guess I’m just curious as to how a soldier becomes a pirate.  Or a hunter.  Whatever he calls himself.”  Castiel ties up another buntline, securing the canvas in expert folds beneath the gasket.  “How about you?”
Dean glances at him from the corner of his eye, then moves down the yard to the next buntline.  “You’d have to ask him.  Not really my place to talk about it.”
on a low shelf in a dustier-than-usual corner of the library, and goes to the TV room to lounge on the couch.
“Rowena, that’s really Crowley.” Jack said preventing her from doing anything else. Rowena's head snapped over to him and he nodded his head once.
“The story’s I could tell you.” Gabriel said chuckling. Gabriella rolled her eyes at that and shook her head.
“Hey, hey relax.” Sam said trying to catch her attention. Her eyes found their way to his and she frowned slightly.
“Do you want to? It’s okay to be selfish nephew after everything you’ve done you deserve it.” Gabriella said taking his face in her hands. His eyes got wet quickly and he nodded his head.
“Ah, yes. Let me tell you a story.”
Dean rolls on his side to face him. "Well, we've got pretty unlimited funds these days, so...what do you have in mind? Unless, you mean - " Dean's brain starts running scenarios. "You wanna try a threesome? We can do that. Role-play?" Dean shudders, thinking of Casifer and Michael and Leviathan. "Actually, I take that one back. Bondage? Spanking?"
“Thank you. See? Is it that difficult to accept a compliment?”
Cas smiles, face in shadows, but Dean catches something wry at the edges of his expression.
“Ah, yes. My expressions of friendship were a little off-kilter then. The intent was affectionate, I can assure you.”
“Okay,” Sam says, voice carefully even. “See you soon.”
Dust motes swirl in the air when the sunrise creeps through the beat-up vinyl blinds. The waitress refills his coffee cup for the third time when she brings his food. In the meantime, he checks and rechecks his phone, switching it from vibrate to full-blast out of fear that he’s going to miss a call from Cas. But what if he wakes up in the middle of nowhere, like he always seems to do, and he can’t find a payphone? Are there even payphones anymore? Shit.
“There’s some shit I need to say first, huh.”
Another movie starts playing. Cas couldn’t say which one. Dean’s hand is on the back of his neck, the other at his waist, teaching him how to do this. Thankfully, Dean has always been a good teacher. Cas has kissed people before, sure, but he hasn’t kissed
Cas takes mercy on him, helping Dean with the button and zip, then tossing his pants and boxers off the side of the bed before going for Dean’s like a true friend.
“I know. I mean, I thought—” Sam rubs at the space between his eyes. “I don’t know what I thought.”
“How do you know when they’re ready to turn?” Cas asks, voice all gravel in his ear.
It shouldn't be legal to be this tired before nine in the morning. But Cas had woken him up with a very motivating mouth on his dick two hours ago, and since then, Dean's already hauled several reels of soaker hoses and roughly a million bags of cedar mulch from hardware store to car to garden bed at Cas' ready instruction. He can feel the back of his neck starting to burn in the strong Kansas sunshine.
Dean nods, leaning forward until they're touching again.
"Can't sleep."
Cas sweeps his hands over Dean’s back from tailbone to shoulders, and it doesn’t feel so much like a massage as a caress. Dean feels his face heat up and blinks fast. Cas shifts backwards until he’s straddling Dean’s calves, and Dean nearly arcs off the bed when Cas starts in on the backs of Dean’s thighs, just above his knees.
“Eager for it, in fact. And grateful. It has solemnly promised to fast until we return at sunset to collect it.”
“It was the right call, Dean,” Cas says quietly. “I don’t regret it.”
Dean scratches at the back of his neck. “You fuckin’ rebuilt me, man. What else is there to know?”
Cas glances at him, puzzled at the uncharacteristic show of solicitousness.
“I googled our destination this morning,” Cas says, breezing past the awkwardness or, more likely, not noticing it at all. “It looks as though there isn’t a motel within a hundred miles. Should I pack the tent?”
“Nah, that’s okay - there’s actually somewhere else I want to go that’s a little more scenic than this room. You wanna go see the desert?”
“Actually, you didn’t say that. You’re not fine. You can’t be fine. If that was really him...”
Dean hums, melting into the mattress as Cas’ thumbs rub circles into his back. He can feel his t-shirt riding up, Cas’ fingers catching on the edge of it on each pass. Goosebumps rise on his skin when the pads of Cas’ fingers make brief contact.
"Dean, I need to know if I still have a place with you. With Sam."
Cas lets himself be pulled in by Dean’s hand on the back of his neck, by the tight thread of longing ready to snap between them, until they’re chest to chest, Dean arching up against him as they kiss. They only stop when Dean starts laughing.
“I used to read your mind, back when we first met,” Cas says, looking him right in the eyes like he still can. “It was deemed necessary, for the success of Heaven’s mission, that I knew you down to your most basic impulses.”
“Kind of?” Dean says hoarsely. Cas’ expression softens. “I’ll go get us a room. Then we can keep going. I’ll do better, promise.”
Cas drinks the last of his whiskey. “On the contrary.”
“Tea would be nice.”
“Dean, a hail storm is rolling in within the next hour.”
“I can still take care of you in human ways,” Cas says quietly, by way of explanation. “I...need to do that at least, if you’ll let me.”
There are a handful of customers inside, a group of men at the pool table. The well-worn barstools groan when they take their seats. Dean signals the bartender and orders them a couple of whiskeys in yet another practiced human ritual Cas has never learned to replicate. The menu is a single-sided laminated sheet, listing out myriad combinations of beef and cheese and an impressive lack of vegetables. It all sounds delicious.
“I’ll be careful.”
Cas raises a hand, his palm hovering over Dean’s shoulder like he doesn’t know if he’s allowed. Dean nods an affirmative and wishes Cas would just read his mind for once to know exactly how much Dean wants right now. He sets his hand down softly, his thumb skirting the collar of Dean’s t-shirt, and Dean leans into the touch.
“Speaking of, that was some ceremony. You boys, all you’ve been through, and then to finally be here, getting
They set the blanket down, untie the straps, and the creature walk-slithers out onto the sand. It turns back to them, eyeing Cas and flicking its forked tongue out in his general direction.
“Perfect. That you’d let me...I never thought...god, Dean.” He rocks his hips in and out, an irresistible slide. “Can I just stay here awhile? Is that okay?”
Letting his head drop onto the back of the couch, Dean closes his eyes as Cas slowly works the buttons of his shirt open. Lightning flashes behind his eyelids, and he feels Cas settle on the floor between his knees. Cas’ hands are at his belt, sliding it through the loops slow enough that Dean’s skin comes alive with it. He lifts his hips without being asked, for Cas to shimmy his jeans down his legs and off.
“Again, more of that,” Dean groans, pushing into Cas’ hand. Cas obliges.
“You’re on.”
, Dean thinks in Cas’ general direction, smug. The returning eyeroll is palpable.
behind her, just off the floor. She's got gorgeous dark hair architecturally piled on top of her head in elaborate twists and braids. If this was a bar in 2010 rather than his wedding in 2020, he'd be hitting on her already, even though he can tell from twenty feet away that she's wildly out of his league.
, but he is wholly and completely satisfied.
“This dark green one seems appropriate,” Cas says, dropping the bundle into the cart. “I’m not sure if the misiginebig can see colors, actually, but just in case.”
“A good answer. Thank you, both of you. For all you have done for this world, and for my garden.”
Dean complies, pulling the blankets up to his chest. “But, uh, I thought you wanted to see me.”
“Sacrilege,” Cas says seriously.
“Closer,” Cas says, like he isn’t already inside, like they aren’t already sharing the same recycled molecules of oxygen and carbon dioxide.
“I’m not gonna break,” Dean insists, an arm thrown over his eyes.
Cas looks up at him, eyebrow raised, his slightly smirking mouth a hairsbreadth away from Dean’s dick.
Dean’s knee jerks under the table, jostling their plates with a clatter. Cas ignores it and continues.
“Uh, and we’re sure that’s...good? We both have a bit of a history with gods that get a little high on their own supply.”
“Dean, I know what you’re thinking.” Dean is sure Cas does not, in fact, know. “But if you read the article, you'll see. The research behind it is peer-reviewed, it's science. It's... it's
everybody) back, people had questions. Jack had smoothed over most of the obvious wrinkles—reset the clocks, the bank accounts, the heart monitors, all that. But hunters are observant folk, and paranoid to boot. Sam set them all straight as best he could, let them know that God was gone, long live the new, improved, not-exactly-a-god. The last of those calls was to Jody and Claire.
Less than 150 miles to Buffalo. If Cas were to say he was perfectly calm, that would be a lie, and he’s trying not to do that anymore.
“Dean -” Cas says on a gasp. His own ragged breathing, the sensation of his heart racing rapidfire behind his ribs - is it always going to be like this? Kissing Dean feels a bit like a medical emergency, albeit not one he wants to remedy.
“On more than one occasion, I most certainly was. Sam too, and Jack as well. You even brought back your car from near-total destruction. You mend things.”
“Uh...” Dean’s got at least six lies on the tip of his tongue, anything to get Cas to stop looking at him with that goddamn worried expression. But maybe, for once, he should try the truth instead. “Just, I got in my own head, I guess. Kind of felt like this was a one-shot thing for a second,” Dean answers, rubbing at the back of his neck and closing his eyes for a second, sure he’s ruined things and Cas is about to say that maybe Dean should go back to his own room and they'll talk about this again in another eleven-slash-one million years.
“An eighty-seven minute drive,” Cas says, slumping against the passenger side window. “If you speed.”
“Huh.” Dean hangs up the pump and settles in beside Cas, back resting against the sun-warmed driver’s side door. “Dude, you’re gonna have to help me on the math there. Are we counting years spent in hell? Purgatory? How old am I, anyway?”
Cas’ mouth quirks, hands flexing on the steering wheel. Dean doesn’t
Oh, shit.
“Dean, wake up.”
“We going as forest rangers on this job or did you lose your razor again?” Dean blurts out, before his traitor brain can land on an adjective.
Dean’s rhythm falters, and Cas notices. Because of course he does. He cups Dean’s face in his hands, thumbs sweeping across his cheeks. But Dean’s busy here, he is, so instead of reacting to the unasked question in how gently Cas is touching him, he takes as much into his throat as he can and presses two fingers behind Cas’ balls.
Sam isn’t the only Winchester with a talent for divine and occult symbology.
“Dude, what are you wearing?” Dean asks, mouth quirked as he takes in Cas’ ensemble. Sam is suspiciously quiet in the backseat.
“Sunset is at 8:48 PM tonight, dusk at 9:20. I’d say 11:30, to be safe. That’s thirty minutes after the Wednesday night closing time for the only bar within a hundred miles, further reducing the risk of passersby.”
"No, buddy. Can't say that I have."
Cas kneads at the tense muscles of Dean’s calves, and at Dean’s barely bitten-back moan, he takes one of his feet into his lap and presses firmly against the instep. Dean arcs off the bed.
“Your calligraphy is quite beautiful,” Cas remarks, feeling the curving lines and precise angles of Dean’s touch. He glides his hand lower to the barely-ticklish skin of Cas’ stomach, switching to what feels concretely like cursive lettering. Cas stops breathing when he realizes what he’s written.
“Wait a second,” Dean says, before taking off at a run toward the shed with Cas following close behind. They heave open the rusty doors together.
Dean is in way, way over his head here. He’s free diving without supplemental oxygen, and the challenge in Cas’ expression tells him he’s not getting out of this easily.
“Move, move - come on.”
, he doesn’t say.
Dean lifts his eyes to the ceiling, like Cas touched a nerve. Cas has no idea which one. Dean has more than an average amount of sore spots.
Dean is listening, he is. But he’s also following the fascinating journey of a bead of sweat that is traveling down Cas’ neck to the loose collar of his t-shirt.
“Last one,” Cas says. “And remember - no argument, or there will be more.”
“To you, or me? Haven’t all of these been sensitive?”
is better. Like this, he doesn’t have to pick between kissing and fucking, instead he can take Cas’ cock as deep as it can get and still kiss a meandering path down his neck and back to his willing mouth.
“But you’re not defective, Cas,” Dean blurts out, and there goes any attempt to keep it cool.
“Oh, right. You remember that night you saved me from a member of the Rit Zien while I was babysitting?”
were back. We pulled them from the earth not eight hours ago. They typically require between sixty and eighty days from germination to harvest, not to mention, given the time of year and the force of the sun’s rays -”
Dean’s gaze goes soft, and he brings a hand to Cas’ face. Cas snags it to press a slow kiss to his palm.
His vision goes a little hazy once a second finger joins the first, a gentle stretch that Cas gives him with more care than anyone has ever touched him with before. Dean rocks into it, greedy and so eager that he absolutely forgets to be self-conscious, the critic in his head going quiet as he gives himself over to how good this is. Cas works out just where to curl his fingers to get Dean’s back bowing off the bed. When he can manage to open his eyes, he sees Cas, brow furrowed, staring transfixed at where his fingers are working. It’s a patternless push-pull, circling and dipping just inside before filling him up again and again.
“...Old Norse. So, sort of.”
“‘Alternate sharing something you consider a positive characteristic of your partner,’” Cas says as Dean fiddles with the  Impala’s thermostat. The temperature tanked sometime in the last couple hours, and his hands are fucking freezing. “Share a total of five items.’ I’ll go first.”
“Gnomes, then?” Sam adds.
“It’s fine, it’s cool. We can do that,” Dean says, arching his back and neck in a stretch that he’s fully aware he pulls off. “I don’t mind.”
He runs his hands up Cas’ thighs to tug on the hem of his boxers in a silent request, then leans back to watch him take them off. It takes Dean a minute to tear his eyes away from everything Cas has been hiding underneath layers straight off the clearance rack at Men’s Warehouse. When he does, Cas is smiling softly at him—a little proud and a little shy, which is fuckin’ crazy, considering what’s all on display here.
“They definitely existed in the 80’s. The Civilian Corps actually built bathrooms at recreational beaches all across this country nearly fifty years prior to that. The work of the Corps truly combined function, the dignity of civil service, and architectural beauty. Their work is under-appreciated.”
“Shoot,” Dean says, pushing himself up to lean his heavy head on his hand.
Less than ninety minutes later, the bus is pulling up to the downtown Buffalo Greyhound Station, a brutalist concrete building with severe, dark windows. It doesn’t match the helium in his heart as he looks around for the Impala. Not seeing it, Cas stretches his arms above his head in the sunshine, letting out the kinks in his spine, and looks around for a place to wait.
It’s nice out, crisp. The dregs of August finally cashing in their chips. Dean shrugs. “If you want to go for a walk, we can go for a walk.”
“...That’s alright. Anyway.”
Cas turns his head toward him, a bitten back smirk on his face. Dean takes in the bedhead hair and the glassy-eyed satisfaction on his face that screams
Dean laughs, rolling Cas to his back and kissing down his sternum, over the tattoo on his ribs, across his stomach before nudging his thighs apart and settling in the space he made.
“Dean, wait,” Cas says on a gasp.
before.
“Anyway. He wasn’t father of the year, I get that. But he made me who I am, so I don’t know if I would change anything. Kelpie bait and all.”
“Thanks, buddy,” Dean says, doing his best to accept the compliment without shrugging it off. “How about you?”
“Come on, come on...now, now,” he says to himself or to Cas, who knows. He clenches his free hand in Cas’ hair, pinning him close until he’s coming, near-blind and shaking with it. Cas sucks a patient kiss into the junction of neck and shoulder while he regains enough of an approximation of consciousness to remember his manners.
There’s a hand on his back then, between his shoulder blades, moving in slow circles. He feels Dean as a warm, solid line beside him, comforting and very much alive, as he should always be.
For all of them, hopefully.
“I did mention your hamstrings.”
Cas nods, and Dean’s grip on his hand goes tight.
“That’s my most treasured memory too.”
Cas stirs sugar into his tea, gaze still trained on Dean.
“What are you typing - Dean,  no. ‘Hottest Founding Father,’ Dean, stop it.”
“It’s just the truth.” Dean says, and drains his glass. “So yeah, years of pain and grief and fear, but also some really fucking good people. And an angel. And a nephilim. See, I didn’t even need four minutes.”
Somewhere around Lincoln, Dean realizes something obvious.
After a particularly close-sounding boom of thunder, the lights flicker before going out entirely.
When he looks back at Cas, Cas quickly glances away and clears his throat, like he’s been caught. Wishful thinking.
"I know that, Jesus, it's just..." Dean sits down on the coffee table across from him, their knees almost brushing.
“I’m starting to get an idea.” Dean grinds down as Cas pushes up, and he watches enraptured as the flush on Cas’ face travels down his chest. He’s close.
“Jesus, Cas - you alright, there?” Dean asks, pulling him steady with an arm around his waist. He uses his other hand to check for non-existent damage to Cas’ shoulders.
“Would you interpret the rapid maturation of tomato fruit as a confirmatory sign?” Cas asks, tracing a fingertip over one.
“I mean, I’m glad I could...that it was okay.”
“Yeah, we’re together. And we’ve got a metric ton of trauma for each of us to work through for the next seventy years. But she’s the person I want to do that with. I think you know all about that, huh.”
Yeah, he does. It’s weirdly romantic, hearing her put it that way. Dean swallows, throat thick.
"If that was something you ever - I don't want to get in your way."
Cas shifts beside him, so much skin-to-skin and Dean’s still more than a little drunk on it.
Cas laughs, and kisses him again. Again and again, from the car to the porch to the bedroom with the big window overlooking the backyard, kissing him until he falls asleep. He’ll be kissing him for years and years, forever.
Dean!”
"If you use an angel blade or a fuckin’ samurai sword to hack all this off," Dean says with a not-too-gentle tug, "I'll never forgive you."
“Huh.” An idea occurs to him. “What about somewhere a little more...rustic? And free.”
“I’ll teach you new languages, you will know all that I think of you in every tongue,” Cas says against his throat, fingers skimming his shirt up to his ribs before he pulls it over his head.
Cas can’t deny that.
“And I have no idea what happened,” Cas adds. “I thought you would know.”
“Anything else I can get for you, hon?” she asks, right on cue. “It’s a little early for pie, but you look like you could use a little something to perk you up.”
“‘What does friendship mean to you?’” Cas asks on a yawn after they’ve settled into a booth under harsh fluorescent lighting. The waitress has come and gone, leaving a pitcher of warm-ish water, a couple chipped mugs, and a basket with their tea selection. All decaf green. Figures.
Real smooth. Cas just keeps smiling, soft and unbearably fond. That’s new. Or maybe it isn’t? Maybe he’s always looked at him like that, and Dean just didn’t know what it meant. He wants to crawl across the table into Cas’ lap and kiss him until he stops thinking of how much time they’ve spent not kissing each other.
Cas rubs at his chin. “Hm, maybe you’re right. A little long for the FBI. I’ll go shave.”
“Are you saying - are you saying you -”
“How the fuck did you - of course you would know about that.”
"Well, this one is obvious, but we learned he isn’t just saving you,” Sam says.
“Well, I think we can safely rule out a glaistig. Jack was right - they really are spiteful. Not exactly the gift-giving sort.”
“Cas, prior to this, the closest I’ve gotten to the beach was a motel swimming pool in Pensacola back in ‘92. And yeah, I draw the line at putting Baby on a boat, so this is perfect.”
Cas’ shoulders drop. “You don’t like it. That’s okay. I think they have some local beers as well. Kombucha too, of course.”
?” Dean asks, scowling over his shoulder.
“Portugal.”
“You keep saving my life. But you oughta know—I’m not really living, man. Not without you.”
Dean. I’m so close, I want to see it -”
"Are you ready?" Cas asks, not specifying what for. Dean nods anyway. He’s never been ready for Cas, after all. “Keep looking up.”
Cas smiles, bracing a hand on the mattress to lean forward and kiss him, slow and lush, until Dean’s heartbeat slows.
“It’s, uh. I mean, overall, it’s a sack of sad shit, you know?” Dean swirls the whiskey in the bottom of his glass, marveling at the tiny, golden, tornado it makes.
Cas hums, tonguing over the mark he’s made. He’s seen this skin marred and bruised but never this gentle way, never by his own mouth.
Cas feels warmth spreading from somewhere deep in his chest. It feels better than he might normally admit to himself, to hear the urgency in their voices.
“You think I should take that man up on his offer of going back to his apartment, presumably to engage in sexual activity?”
“I promise to make every attempt to do so,” Cas says, and he means it. He’ll wear a seatbelt, look both ways when he crosses the street, and avoid making any life-or-death deals with cosmic entities.
“How...
“Dean,” Cas says, swallowing hard and looking awestruck like Dean invented the art of giving head all on his own. On the contrary, most of his best tricks are ones he stole from Cas, picked up during hours spent under his lips and tongue. Turns out that an infinite lifetime of disinterestedly observing humanity has some unexpected side perks in the sex god department.
“It’s up to you,” Dean says with a vague hand gesture he hopes conveys how deeply he is definitely not invested in Cas’ decision. “Are you - are you into him?”
“Yeah, you’re right. Who needs sleep, anyway,” Sam says, making Cas smile. “Alright, buddy, see you tomorrow in Buffalo, okay?”
“Controlled danger. I was thinking about skydiving.”
“Anyway, I was thinking we could take a trip, when we finish the hunt. According to The BuzzFeed -"
“When you said you weren’t going to let me die a virgin. I may have initially misunderstood your intentions.”
“I like things about you that you haven’t even become yet,” Cas says from inches away.
“No, what the hell. Why would I - it doesn’t matter if she...it’s fine.” Dean shrugs, convincing no one, least of all himself.
Cas nods. “We just have to return the truck first. There’s another rental facility on the edge of town.”
Cas’ arm tightens around his waist.
Dean nods, offering up a wry smile. “Alright, fine, fine. We’ll circle back ‘round tomorrow.”
Cas pushes him backwards, just an inch or two so he can catch his breath. “That’s not the issue. I can’t think
"I'm very good with knives and blades of all kinds, Dean, and we are decidedly well-stocked in that department."
“Well, everyone knows that Sam’s the -”
“Nah, I get it. I fold laundry sometimes. Get out the duster too - you wouldn’t believe how gross the fans in here get...anyway. Tea okay? Little late for coffee. Or early, I guess.”
“Thank you,” Cas says seriously. “Now, if you’ll excuse us.”
“‘Do you have a secret hunch about how you will die?’” Cas asks twenty minutes or so later, as they're driving over a bridge through a river gorge.
Cas smiles. Just a small one. It might be out of place, but Dean is trying so hard, and Cas loves him so.
“Thank you, Dean. I don’t take my inclusion lightly.”
“Maybe he—” Sam starts saying as the seat bar lifts up and the conductor tiredly tells them that he hopes they enjoyed the ride, please exit to the left.
“So, yeah. Things like this”—he gestures at the space between them—“Impossible stuff that I want but don’t ever get...I learned a long time ago to shut all that down. Stuff it in a box in my brain. There’s plenty of shit in there. A recliner with springs that don’t dig into my ass. A beach vacation. And, you know. You.”
The El Rancho Motel in Yermo is absolutely perfect, mostly because it’s the only place in town. Dean taps his credit card against the counter and shifts his feet as the clerk takes forever explaining their choice of rooms.
“I don’t know what you are referring to,” Cas says with a sigh. He had forgotten how poorly he tolerates mornings as a human without the chemical assistance of caffeine.
“The beaches across the bay on the Bolivar Peninsula are more pristine, but I thought you might object to the ferry,” Cas says, like he needs to make excuses for the adequacy of the fucking
“Not that kind of deal,” Cas says, shaking his head. He waves a hand slowly through the air, and the clouds clear at the same time the hot static in Dean’s mind starts to settle. “I shouldn’t have used that word. This is more of a diplomatic accord.”
Cas tips his head to the side. “Vague, but accurate. Care to elaborate?”
Dean considers it. When it comes to sweaty crowds vs. funnel cake, funnel cake is always going to win. “What the hell, why not.”
, that he has learned to quietly manage over the years. The difference now is that Dean knows too, and probably needs time and privacy to adjust. When they’re on steadier footing with one another (and he prays to a version of god that never existed that they find that footing soon), the simple proximity that comes from sharing a home won’t be so fraught. But until then, a shower can wait until the morning.
“I’m sure,” Cas says with a nod.
Dean bites back a grin, but really, who is he to judge. He’s
Dean tries not to preen. “Got it. So what is it about gardening? Sure didn't seem like you were enjoying it when you were inspecting the compost for those little worm things a few weeks ago.”
“So, you want a real morning after?” Dean asks. “Most of mine haven’t been, uh, the highlight of the experience.” But then he thinks of Lisa again, her head on his chest, his arm around her, touching the soft skin of her shoulder. Her making him late for work, and him not minding at all. “But sometimes. Yeah, sometimes morning’s can be pretty great. Depends on who you’re with.”
“In that case, maybe we can discuss this another time,” Cas says, not unkindly.
The sound of the bottle opening again, then Dean’s sliding back into the home of his legs and his hand is slicking up Cas’ dick, twisting at the head. Cas groans, dirty and entirely involuntary, not that he has any interest in holding back.
“You were going somewhere tonight? There’s a tornado warning, dude. Multiple funnel clouds spotted nearby. We’re all good here, obviously, but you probably shouldn’t—”
” Dean objects.
Sometime in the course of the last hour, the bar has filled up. It provides Dean the perfect cover of plausible deniability to justify speaking directly against Cas’ ear.
“I just do.”
“Uh. Yeah, but...it’s just. What you said before...does all that still stand?”
“Come on, this is nothing,” Dean says, and if Cas didn’t know the shape and cadence of his voice in every degree from sober to drunk, even he would be fooled.
“What.”
“Let’s feed you,” Cas says.
“Yeah, so. We talked,” Dean says after she departs for the beaded curtain separating the kitchen from the dining room. “After you - you know. Took me a second, but we did. About how everything went down with Chuck. How I fuckin’
The first thing they take care of is the family of raccoons - a job and a half. Every night since then, they fall into a tired heap on an air mattress in the loft after a long day’s work. The first time they try to fuck on it, the mattress keeps shifting underneath them until Dean ends up face-first on the floor. After that, Dean insists on building them a proper bed.
Dean looks both ways before he crosses the street between the donut shop and convenience store in town, he doesn't go home with the hot woman at the bar who looks like trouble and a good time in equal measure. She probably wasn’t dangerous, not really, but it just doesn’t seem right. Not when Cas—he's being
“In no way do I intend to insult your powers of obfuscation, but sometimes, your ears take on the barest hint of color when you’re flustered,” Cas helpfully points out.
likes that Dean is fixing the roof.
They take their time getting home, justifying pit stops at a falafel joint in Iowa City and a surprisingly well-stocked occult bookstore in Des Moines. Just before Omaha, Cas makes a thin excuse about the dangers posed by wayward wildlife on rural state highways after sundown. He goes to the trouble of explaining the mating habits and visual acuity of the white-tailed deer in far more detail than Dean needs in order to justify taking an exit that promises their pick of hotel.
Cas bends forward, his mouth inches from the Dean’s cock, heavy and throbbing against his thigh. “I see.” He lets his lips make the barest of contact. The fractional suggestion of a tease, so that Dean can feel it when he says, “So you don’t want me to -”
"S'nothing. Don't worry about it. Go back to sleep."
"Don't you?"
“Mm. Nearly.” Cas pulls the tabletop menu toward him, peering at the cocktail options. “I think a sazerac would help.”
Dean pulls off, licking a stripe up the side of his dick as he kneads his hands into Cas’ thighs. “Flatterer.”
“More?”
“Back to the matter at hand. You are, in fact, faultless. And you were before, to be clear. Musculoskeletal defects and all. Nothing I could have done would have made you any more perfect than you already were.”
“Your room or mine?” he asks, easy as anything.
- were busy getting invaded in the British Isles,” Cas cuts himself off with a barely detectable hiccup. “I was watching the algebra.”
When Dean rounds the corner, Cas is kneeling in the dirt. He smiles into the beam of Dean's flashlight, holding up a glossy, red strawberry.
“We need to get going, Dean,” Cas says in his ear, squeezing his hip as Dean grinds back into him.
“Obviously,” Dean says.
"You fucker."
“You’re asking if, when faced with the choice between a human life and an eternity as a waking ghost in a sea of endless black, I’d choose -”
He lifts his hips to pull almost all the way off, with Cas mindlessly kissing at any skin he can reach with next to no mobility. The long slide back inside is worth the strain on his tired knees. He repeats the motion until he can’t take it anymore, until he has to get a hand on his dick.
Dean pulls a face. “With
Cas is throwing him a life preserver, and he’s sure as shit going to hang onto it. With Cas’ rapt attention, he dutifully reads off the listed ingredients and makes all the necessary recommendations regarding cheese type, white or wheat toast, bacon or sausage, the relative merits of over-easy vs. over-medium eggs. It takes long enough that he can feel some of the frenetic fight-or-flight energy draining away. Cas knows him so goddamn well.
“Blaze of glory, correct?” Cas says, sadly.
Dean is not going to ask a follow-up question. He’s not, definitely not. The terrain ahead is full of landmines. But then he hears words come unbidden out of his own mouth.
“Ms. Hanscum-Mills, you forget yourself,” Dean chides, nudging her. She looks damn good, like always. “Speaking of hot spouses, where’s your wife?”
by being more careful with his life. And yeah, that's the goal. That’s the whole point. Because if he doesn’t, then all that loss, all that unbelievable stuff Cas said to him, it’ll have been for nothing.
Dean can feel that his face is doing something really stupid right about now, so he swipes Sam’s plate right out from under his toast and turns to wash it at the sink for something to do with his hands.
Dean smiles, a real smile finally. “You went to Julia Child’s heaven?”
“Dean,
“In the interests of rationalism then, may I undress you, Dean?”
“Those fuzzy white ones?”
The good mood that has prevailed over the day is more or less shot, so they make for the exit. They’d planned to stay over at a motel and head back in the morning, but Dean needs something to keep his hands busy or he’s gonna lose it. It’s a quiet, long car ride home.
In the morning, Dean braces himself when he heads outside to check on the car. Cas is beside him for moral support, his grip firm on Dean’s hand.
“Why would the ancient Egyptian goddess of nourishment appear in rural Kansas?” Cas counters, taking another slice of upside-down sour cherry cake. “She hasn’t been active on this plane for two thousand years. Not to mention, the owner’s heritage was primarily Germanic, not Egyptian.”
He sucks Cas in as far as he can while still able to breathe and stays there. He could live in this spot. Dean feels goddamn holy as Cas runs his fingers through Dean’s hair, behind his ears, smoothing over his shoulders.
Dean shakes his head, shifting the car into gear and leaving the unfortunate Honda in the rearview mirror as he navigates back toward the highway.
“Jesus, am I crazy or is this -” Dean cuts himself off with a groan, the hand on Cas’ stomach traveling down until he’s got a fist around Cas’ cock.
Dean thinks of the last time he was in Vegas, a surreal weekend back in ‘99. He and John had dealt with the ghost of a blackjack dealer causing trouble at the Tropicana while Sam was finishing out the last couple weeks of his junior year in Albuquerque. Once John was asleep, Dean had wandered up and down the strip and ended up watching the light show at the Bellagio fountain four times in a row as the crowds passed him by.
of Cas, Dean rolls off, pulling his knees toward his chest.
“What?”
Meanwhile, Cas is setting up a complex irrigation network that weaves from plot to plot. He’s checking his phone a lot as he works, and Dean would bet the rims on his car that there’s a spreadsheet involved.
“And relatedly, we’re both ready for peace.”
“Just. Something I’ve been wondering about. What that means.
“There’s one other thing. While the creature can breathe out of water, its skin is not accustomed to open air. We’re going to need blankets to dampen and wrap around it. Soft ones.”
, Cas had said, when Dean had complained about helping haul lumber all the way up to the roof rather than to the perfectly usable stretch of bare dirt available at ground level.
“Yeah, uh. No fuckin’ clue.”
Look at that, personal growth. Bobby would be proud. He orders a slice of banana cream pie and splits it with Cas.
“Maine. And, I’m fine. No underwear, which is unfortunate. I cannot understand the appeal of ‘going commando,’ as you call it.”
Dean’s slipping off the bed, gone boneless and shaking, and Cas catches him in his arms. Like always. “
“Are you alright?” Cas asks, and Dean realizes he’s staring. Obviously, obviously staring.
“Hm. Walk-in closets and separate storage spaces are hard to come by at our price point.”
“Not surprised. Fuck that guy.”
- it’s been a long time since he’s thought of it that way. There’s gravel in his hair, and he can feel the beginnings of a sunburn on his face. Human, then. Or at least mostly so. Interesting. He has the fringes of a memory in his mind, a possible explanation for the way in which he finds himself, but nothing tangible yet.
All his instincts are saying it’s the wrong call, except for one, and it’s the one that goes deepest - trusting Cas.
“I didn’t think you were gonna -
“Sure thing, buddy,” Sam says with an offensive amount of sincerity. “Let’s go for a drive.”
“Not at all. There are just more things I need to say to you first.”
“I’m glad to hear it.”
Cas sips his coffee and smiles at him. “It’s your turn, three ‘we’ statements.”
“Then by all means, continue,” Cas says, and he laces their fingers together on top of the blankets.
“Alright, see ya!” Sam calls out, turning around and throwing out a wave before loping in the direction of Eileen’s red Plymouth Valiant. They peel out of the parking spot, Eileen blowing a kiss in their direction.
“It’s beautiful,” Cas says, and they’re standing close enough that their shoulders brush. There’s no excuse for it - it isn’t exactly swimming weather, and the beach is empty. Dean doesn’t move away. “Would now be an appropriate time for another question? The topic is somewhat apropos.”
“That’s not the same, and you know it. Some stranger in a bar skims the surface, but I’ve seen the very bones of you.”
“The complexities in that piece of media are made all the more multifaceted by thousands of individual interpretations,” Cas says haughtily. “I think it's beautiful."
Dean considers, thinking of a lifetime of motel rooms and hearing strangers fight and fuck on the other side of the drywall.
“Cowboy hat. I know.”
"Dean, look at me." Dean does, and it's written all over Cas' face that he's trying to make a thousand decisions at once. “I’m going to try communicating this a different way. You said - you said we’re trying something out, right?”
“Jesus.” Dean lets out a stuttering breath. “Were you always this smooth?”
“Hang on a second -”
Dean grunts, coming closer to take the broom out of his hands and lean it up against the wall.
Cover art by the gorgeous and talented
“Nuh-uh. Nope. Buddy, you gotta leave room for me. I told you before - I’m too old for the floor. And you can’t sleep in a tie, that’s just science.”
“Well, at this body’s current rate of cellular decay, I would expect my natural death to occur in approximately fifty four years.”
- “I can’t overstate the importance of preventing splashing on the lower leaves.”
“You would prefer to have knobbled knuckles by age 44?” Cas asks, eyebrow raised.
“Raising Sammy. It’s taken me a while to see that I shouldn’t have had to, but. I did. And, uh. I think I did an okay job.”
With his dick trapped between their stomachs and Cas somehow getting even harder inside him, he gets a little closer to shooting off every time he moves. He’s not alone.
Dean laughs, then cocks his head to the side. “Wait, we met in 2008, right? So, you’re saying -”
Dean grabs a Red Bull, packs a duffel, leaves a note for Sam and Claire, and hits the road. No destination in mind other than somewhere Not The Bunker. Jack didn’t specify a timeline for whatever he has planned, but Dean knows that if he stays here and waits around, he’ll lose it. Whatever he still has left to lose, anyway. Pre-dawn in rural Kansas isn't exactly rush hour, and he doesn't see a car for a hundred miles.
“Of course, Dean. I misspoke. Occasionally, when you experience particular types of emotional stimulation, your capillaries undergo involuntary vasodilation.”
“Everything’s fine, Sammy,” he hears himself say—Winchester-speak for not being on death’s literal door. “Just, uh. Happened again.”
“Get on in,” Dean says, an unintentional double entendre that makes him grin, even though he definitely doesn’t have the energy for that right now. Maybe tomorrow. Definitely tomorrow. “If you keep staring like that I’m gonna start thinkin’ you have a crush on me.”
“Because I’ve had that too, and like I said, this isn’t that.” He’s lost enough people over the years to know the difference.
Dean shudders as Cas spirals his fingers around the knobs of his spine.
In one of the supply closets, he finds a heavy, steel-handled broom and dust pan. He starts in the hall, making several neat piles of debris before moving into the room itself. He takes his time, his mind occupied with replaying the memory of what happened here. The methodical nature of the task is soothing, a bit perverse perhaps given that he’s cleaning up the site of his own most recent death.
“Under cover of nightfall, obviously. I wouldn’t want to worry the coastal community members. They have nothing to fear from the misiginebig, its traditional Algonquin name.”
“Well, what about you?” Dean asks, trying to change the subject as he feels heat and something like shame crawl up his neck. “I know you weren’t raised, exactly, but still - what would you change about whatever counts for an angelic childhood?”
“Not any kind of shithead, but you already know full-well what I think of you.”
"Apologies, I forgot. My partner here would like the Cultivating Progurt Probiotic. For his digestive health."
Dean tries to shake off the weirdness, deciding not to be a little offended that Cas apparently doesn’t want to get naked around him anymore. He imagines how that conversation would go.
Cas squints at him. “Okay, well. In that case. If you’re ready, I’ll go load the car.”
“Figured you’d be hungry,” Dean says as Cas dives in. “I’ll make you something better at the bunker, promise.”
Claire’s not his blood, he knows that. But she sure feels like family right now anyway.
“You said you done it - had it done to you -
Room key in hand, Dean sees Cas waiting for him, leaning against the Impala’s passenger side door with their bags slung over one shoulder and the neck of a mostly-full whiskey bottle in his hand. Dean jerks his head toward room 3 in invitation, and Cas follows him.
“Actually, the stabbing did have something to do with it. Your willingness to fight, even with the odds stacked so highly against you. You didn’t know what I was, and I could have killed you in the blink of an eye, and yet, you tried. I find that same reckless determination within myself.”
“I don’t know - you guys seem...close, now. All the gardening and whatever. A present would be nice. People like those.”
Even wilder is the knowledge that this is having an effect on Dean too. He can feel the way Dean is trembling now, how uneven his breaths have become. The only words from Dean’s mouth are the occasional curse and a slurred version of his name, and Cas doesn’t need to be able to read his mind to know he’s not thinking of anything else. Then, Dean’s dick slides just right, behind his balls and evocative of something else they could be doing. From the way Dean goes still on a choked-off gasp, Cas knows he feels that potential too. It’d be easy to take this further, and he wants to, he desperately, desperately wants to, but...
Dean is solicitous, in the days that follow. He teaches Cas how to turn an omelet and buys him vitamin D supplements (
“Sorry about that,” Dean says, grimacing when he pops a fry in his mouth and it’s cold. Figures.
Cas sways on his feet. Dean tightens his grip on his hips, holding him steady as he lets his upper lip catch on the crown of Cas’ cock on the next drag. Cas even tastes good, and Dean sucks at the slit just for more of it.
“We’re getting married?”
He doesn’t notice that he’s slipping low in his seat until Cas is shoving at the backs of his thighs, pushing his knees toward his face. Dean lets it happen, boneless, and pretty damn sure he’ll like wherever this is heading.
Cas hums, his hand sliding under the hem of Dean’s t-shirt to rest on his stomach. He keeps it there through another round of plating and dolloping, until there’s nothing left to justify staying wrapped up like this while breakfast gets cold.
“Bye, Cas.”
“You ready to go save a monster?” Dean asks.
Cas smiles wryly, sunlight lighting the edges of his hair golden.
Dean looks down at his knees. “You gotta stay upstairs.”
Cas smiles. “Correct me if I’m wrong, but I believe the adage goes, ‘Driver picks the music, shotgun shuts his -’”
room.
Cas’ fingers still, and he pulls his mouth off Dean’s dick.
“I mean, sure, it was nice. To have someone do that for me. It’s not really - I don’t usually... I don’t know.”
“So what do you want to do with the rest of the afternoon?” Dean asks, hands stuffed in the pockets of his jacket as they make their way back to the car. Their shoulders are bumping together every third or fourth step because of how narrow the sidewalk is, and Dean doesn’t hate that one bit. He’d been more than a little hesitant about parallel parking Baby but dear Christ, that food had been worth it.
Dean tries not to lean into Cas’ palm. It’s been awhile since he’s been touched like this.
“Rebuilding heaven into something better than it was designed to be. Guiding Jack. He may be near-omnipotent now but he—”
“And, uh. I send Donna sourdough every couple weeks. She sends back cookies. Gingersnaps sometimes, and man, those are fuckin’ amazing. She puts cayenne and black pepper in them, and, Jesus. I’ll save some for you next time.”
He’d be irritated, but Dean looks utterly lost. Younger too, wide-eyed in a t-shirt and bare feet. He sets a hand on Cas’ knee, barely any pressure at all in his touch. His thumb tags the inside seam of Cas’ jeans. Oh. That’s new.
“I don’t know, Cas. To fly, I guess,” Dean says, turning around to shuck off his top layers before he carefully lies down next to Cas, on top of the blankets. He’s just sober enough to leave a solid, sanity-preserving six inches between their bodies.
Dean is flipping through channels when Cas comes back out, Dean’s favorite Stones shirt snug across his shoulders. Cas snags the whiskey bottle from where he left it, taking a shallow sip before handing it back to Dean.
Cas tips his head to the side and keeps his expression flat. Years (eons) of practice come in handy. “Did you just ask for a monogamous commitment before we’ve even -”
“Samuel, unless there is an imminent, life-threatening emergency -”
"And if I feel a sense of vague kinship with Spock, that's -"
“I’ll just be a minute,” Cas says, leaning over and kissing him on the temple as Dean yawns and nods.
“I love you too, for what it’s worth,” Cas says easily. God
“I did,” Cas says, pumping his fingers in and out as Dean hangs on to his shoulders. “In fairness to you, I did muddy the waters by telling all those assembled that I loved them too, so you might be forgiven for missing it.”
“Hey, Cas,” he calls out toward the backyard. “You got a tape measure?”
The credits roll, and Dean stands, hands stretched above his head until his spine pops. Cas ignores the inch of skin that shows. He ignores it very determinedly.
“Oh, I was referring to the material claim Cas has on your physical and metaphysical form. The two of you have essentially been married for quite some time. A belated congratulations to you both!”
“Sure, Cas. What can I do?”
“Dean, you -
Dean just raises his eyebrows and waits.
“Thanks, Dean. Appreciate the support.”
"And this fine establishment does have burgers," Cas says, turning a menu around to show Dean. "You'll want to order the 'I Am Magical.'"
Cas throws him a look, the corner of his mouth lifting. “He was far more pious, in those days. More endless songs of worship to our father, fewer adult film actresses.”
“Awesome, Cas - it sounds awesome.”
"He, well.” Cas sits up in bed, smoothing the sheets over his legs. “People commonly said he had rather remarkable eyes."
“Not really shooting for ‘happy.’ Best I can do is ‘alive,”’ Dean says, grimacing around a sip of unsweetened black tea. Awful stuff. Worse than water, and that’s saying something.
Cas swallows, but he knows just what to say.
“It’s mostly better, but my carpentry skills are... non-existent, so I may need some help with replacing the door.”
Cas kisses the inside of Dean’s bent knee.
It’s been about equal parts weird and weirdly normal since they’ve been back. Sam is conscientious to the point of absurdity, ducking out of rooms and peering around corners like he’s afraid to interrupt the romance of the century. And hell, maybe that’s legitimately what he and Cas have going on. They sure as shit have enough demonic possessions and amnesia to power a third-tier soap opera for more than a few seasons.
“You know it already though. Won’t it be boring?”
“First things first, we’ve gotta go get my fuckin’ car,” Dean says, his arm propped up on the bench seat behind Cas’ head as he reverses out of the parking spot. The sleeve of his jacket brushes against Cas’ hair, and Cas doesn’t move, lets it happen. “I can’t drive this piece of shit another thousand miles. And Baby doesn’t deserve to get her rims stolen.”
Cas takes a deep, fortifying breath.
“Hey,” Dean says, shoving at his shoulder, but his heart's not in it. He’s easy, fine. And Cas can keep up with the Mythbusters: Bible Edition all he wants if it means Dean gets to touch him.
“Nearly eleven,” Cas murmurs against his skin.
“Let me do this for you too,” Cas eventually says on a gasp, as the rolls of his hips go uneven and his breathing turns shallow.
"We'd also like the 'I Am Eclectic,' please," Cas adds. “To share.”
Dean pulls a face and shifts into the exit lane for I-80. “...Yeah, I guess that’s it.”
“Jesus Christ, Cas,” Dean gasps, letting go only to grip Cas’ hips and push back inside as Cas groans and arches his back.
“So it wasn’t just the power of my winning personality?” Dean quips, mouth still full.
Dean sees hell laid waste. Cas blurs the images - a kindness - so all Dean’s getting are impressions, and the feelings. The way Cas felt when he killed his ten thousandth demon and came face-to-face with Dean, torturing some poor, screaming soul on the rack. Except he doesn’t feel revulsion from Cas. Instead, it’s shock, and something possessive. Dean shudders with the force of it.
The place isn’t exactly full of his best memories. Surprisingly, watching soaps with a broken leg and determinedly not grieving Cas doesn’t really make his life’s admittedly shitty highlight reel. Still, free real estate. And you can’t beat the scenery.
Cas’ fingers are drawing patterns across his chest, his breath warm on the back of Dean’s neck. Dean isn’t sure that he’s ever been happier than right now. That is, until the shitbag voice of insecurity from deep in his psyche makes itself known.
Realizing his legs have gone stiff, Dean decides to sample the wares of the country store/McDonald’s/truck stop they’re at. The bell dings overhead as he enters, and the lady at the counter tosses him a distracted half-smile from behind a People magazine. He heads toward the beverage cases, picking up a peach iced tea for Cas and a Coke for himself before wandering to the aisle of random shit that every convenience store in America worth its salt has. Phone chargers, ugly patriotic tchotchkes, novelty keychains, out-of-season holiday decor...there. Sunglasses. Dean spins the rack, picking out a pair of aviators on instinct.
Dean shifts, his knees pressing on the inside of Cas’ now.
Dean pulls out his phone, clicks the ‘open now’ filter and zooms way out on the map.
just happened. Nothing. His fingers are shaking as he pulls his cell from his jeans pocket, thumbing over Sam’s contact and waiting for the ring. He leans his head back against the wall and breathes, the world spinning.
Dean obeys - it’s hardly a chore.
Cas pulls back the edge of the blanket, slides in beside him.
“How’d you -” Dean tries to look at him, but Cas kneads at the tight muscles in the back of his neck in a show of skillfully applied distraction and Dean’s eyes slip closed involuntarily.
“He has agreed to ride in the trunk with the weapons.”
“Cas, buddy. You there?” He’s not expecting an answer. He keeps talking anyway. “So you’re still looking out for me, huh. Thanks. I appreciate it, I do.”
Dean is that shitty combination of tired and wired when he finally slides back behind the steering wheel of the Impala after midnight, sweaty and covered in graveyard dirt.
Cas nudges him with his shoulder. “I think we should aim for the spirit rather than the letter of the question. Which would you rather preserve in its prime - brain, or brawn?”
“Then where -” Sam starts to say, ignoring the jab.
“For what?”
“You know, you have to be aware - that mark I left on your shoulder wasn’t entirely professional.”
Dean claps a hand on his shoulder on his way to the showers with a quip about washing off the road dust. Cas should do the same, once the risk of being in any proximity to an undressed Dean has passed. Obviously, nothing about wanting Dean - the depth and breadth of him, body and mind - has changed on his side. It is a facet of their relationship, of his
"And the garden, plenty of metaphorical sensuality to be found there as well." Cas adds, tugging at Dean's hands, clenched in the sheets. He turns them palm out, and laces their fingers together before he brings their joined hands up to the bars of the headboard. "There's something evocative about the way the vines twine themselves and
“How do you know?” she asks, eyes wide.
“Huh, ‘spose you’re right. By all means, then...” he waves a hand magnanimously at his dick.
“Jack and I inserted a couple of caveats in the agreement as it was being drawn up,” Cas says, the twist of a grin on his face, like he’s pleased at his own cleverness. “Microscopic, in the scheme of things—just the permission to keep a small number of humans safe from the types of common mishaps that might result in an early death. Naomi and the others let it pass. I’ll confess...I may have picked up the nuances of contractual fine print from Crowley. Who is fine, by the way.”
“Do you know what I did after you died - got snatched by black goo - whatever you want to call it.”
A record skips in Dean’s mind.
Dean returns the favor, then finds the button of Cas’ jeans with shaking fingers. Cas’ steady hands settle over his, pulling his hand to his mouth to place an open kiss on his palm.
The girl jumps, glances at him suspiciously before she must see something in his expression that takes the fear out her eyes.
“Breakfast
“I meant a bit more big-picture than that. Things seemed different between you two, on the drive from Buffalo. Lighter, maybe.”
Dean finally gets his hands to cooperate long enough to push Cas’ coat off his shoulders and work his hands under the edge of his dress shirt, getting at warm skin. His groan is swallowed up by Cas’ mouth on his, hot and clinging. But then Cas is pulling away, and that’s, that can’t happen, he can’t
“Besides myself? I’d imagine a lot of people do.”
“We’ve run quite short of major enemies, it would appear,” Cas says before nimbly stealing a piece of meat from Dean’s bowl. "I’m feeling an acute sense of hope, and for once, it doesn’t feel misguided.”
“Please elaborate. But maybe somewhere other than here.”
“It’s not stupid to know that if he had the chance, he’d save you. In particular.” Dean looks up at the ceiling and blinks fast, blaming his stinging eyes on the onions he’d chopped a few minutes ago. “I’m just trying to figure out exactly what triggers him showing up. Could help get him back to you for good.”
“That makes sense,” Cas says, considering the dessert menu. “He saw you and Sam as his sons.”
In Syracuse, Cas wakes as the driver announces an hour-long stop for refueling. Farhiya buys him a coffee and a pastry from a newspaper stand in the bus station, and they chat until they’re called back to the bus.
“Sorry. Well, back at ya. You’re not bad yourself.”
By the time they’ve swapped places and Dean is clean, dry, and wrapped in his best Dead Guy Robe, Cas is already asleep, the rise and fall of his chest visible in the thin lines of light let through by the motel’s shitty blinds.
They kiss. Cas has seen galaxies less awe-inspiring.
“Husbands. And I wanted what they had,” he says, the dark of the room and Cas’ palm on the small of his back making him brave. “Someone who gets it. Someone who understands the life. But there was something else. They got out, together. So what they had, it really...it wasn’t just the job, I guess.”
He’s soaked through and shivering when he says, “It won’t happen again. Its usual diet consists entirely of Lake Michigan sturgeon hearts. It’s a simple matter of getting lost in unfamiliar terrain.”
Dean shudders, hands tightening on Cas’ hips as he bodily fucks Cas’ cock into his mouth to keep a grip on reality.
He expects sleep to come quickly. It did last night in the motel, after all. And here, there are no strange smells, no highway noise, no mysterious stains.
Cas is yawning during chess with Sam, nodding off during New Girl reruns with Jack, and he’s bonelessly slumped against Dean’s shoulder as Dean is looking up recipes for various fruit desserts. He’s got a nice quantity of bookmarks now.
“Scenic.”
“The hell, man.” Dean could think of a few hundred (thousand?) monsters who might beg to differ.
Dean would smile, but his mouth is busy. There is something he wants though, first. He drops to his side next to Cas, replacing his mouth with his hand, loose and just enough to keep Cas grasping at the sheets. He kisses at Cas’ shoulder, his chest, sucking at a nipple for a second.
Dean swallows, nods.
“We’ll come to you, then,” Dean says, the first he’s spoken in a minute.
Dean huffs. “Not the point. It’s in your nature, man. Not just me, either. Jack, Sam - you see the good in people, even when they’ve fucked up. Maybe especially then.”
“Isn’t that what we’re doing?” Cas asks, head tipped to the side, voice gone crater-deep.
strawberries?
“What do you mean?”
“West Wing went off the air in 2006. You have time.”
He doesn’t wake up until the afternoon traffic outside Dallas slows to a stuttering crawl. Cas smiles adoringly at him, despite the non-negligible amount of sleep-drool on his chin. Cas takes the next exit and pulls up to a roadside taco truck that sits at suburbia’s uneasy border with cattle country, where there's a smattering of picnic tables situated underneath the patchy shade of a live oak tree. Cas orders one of every $2 taco on the menu, and he attempts in vain to trade the tripe and tongue ones for some of Dean’s order of chorizo enchiladas. Dean might be in love with him, but there are limits.
“Don’t misunderstand me. I want to, I am just a little surprised. I thought you and Sam, well. The times you have lived apart haven’t been the happiest periods of your life.”
“Shit, starting out strong then,” Dean says, scratching at his hair and avoiding Cas' eyes.
He turns away from Cas, hugging the edge of the bed in self-preservation. Cas sighs.
“What?”
“Is it working?” Cas asks, voice deep.
to get all the honey off,” Dean parries back, but there’s no heat in it.
“That’s all we can do,” Cas says. “We’ve done our best.”
He’s never been touched like this.
“Putting aside the logistics...no, I don’t think that would work. Remember the roller coaster on the second go-round? No Cas that time.”
“Uh.”
Dean nearly chokes on his food at the mental image of Cas’ mouth on his, even fucking dying for lack of air. He swallows quickly and then gulps his beer.
His mouth is a spit-slick invitation Cas is going to keep on saying yes to.
"No. We should be about done,” Cas says, tragically unaware. “Thank you for your help - I know this isn’t exactly how you probably planned to spend your morning."
“Traditionally, yes, that’s true.” Cas plucks the sachet out, nudging the mug toward Dean. “Friends care for one another.”
Dean dives right in, dipping a piece of buffalo sauce-covered something or other into what looks like blue cheese dip but is probably seaweed.
“I suppose we could repurpose one of the storerooms, if you think the two of us will need more space. The one currently housing non-magical Incan and Purepecha artifacts, maybe. For obvious ethical reasons, most of what is stored there should really be repatriated to its country of origin.”
“So yeah. And Rufus - you never met him, and that’s a damn shame - he left Bobby something too, when he bit it. A cabin up north, in Whitefish. Probably a wreck by now. It’s been years since we’ve been up there.”
How did he fucking
“I’m assuming you don’t mean Magic Fingers or the massage chairs at the mall.”
Dean gets on a first name basis with the folks at the hardware store in town, buying so much they start giving him a family-and-friends discount. He replaces the glass in the windows and cleans out the old birds’ nests and built-up ash and soot in the stone chimney just in time for the late autumn chill to set in. Cas is in charge of decor, and he comes home happy one day with dishes and a braided rug from the flea market that’s held on the first Saturday of the month in the parking lot of the only Catholic church in town.
Cas offers her his hand. She laces their fingers together and holds on tight.
Cas is trying to kiss his slack mouth as Dean runs his fingertips down the knobs of Cas’ spine, imagining angel wings. Then, Cas’ warm palm is around both their cocks, wet and slick and where did he get
