John was frowning, still trying to work out what Sherlock was doing, when he took a step forward and leapt lightly to the low wall that ran around the edge of the roof. John’s heart surged into his throat. “Jesus, Sherlock, no,” he gasped.
Sherlock’s mouth had opened again. He seemed to be having some trouble remembering how to close it.
“Finally! And Effie’s back too, though she’s dragging her feet even more than usual. It was just me and Meg having to carry the whole household for a bit, with the guards who weren’t taken ill. Much good that lot was. Mrs. Turner’s still in hospital though.”
Sherlock, sitting in a cab outside the restaurant, sourly thought that he would have preferred to shoot up heroin in a filthy drug den, but he plastered his most charming smile across his face and sauntered out. “Janine?”
Sherlock woke in the dark, briefly disoriented, and realized he badly needed a piss. All the wine he’d drunk, probably. Michael lay next to him, still fast asleep. Sherlock slid out of bed as quietly as he could and made his way to the loo. When he’d finished he washed his hands and drank a glass of water from the tap, then opened the door as quietly as he could, wondering if he could find his clothes in the faint light from the outer room.
, so I ran and then…” She gulped, fresh tears welling. “I heard him shouting at the tech, he was saying to get out, I was at the stairs and then I was on the ground, I scraped my face on the step and the wind was knocked out of me, but I didn’t know what happened for a minute, my ears were ringing and ringing, and there was dust…”
“But can’t you get a warrant for Moran to get a DNA sample?”
“But Pitts didn’t come back.”
“I don’t want to swim,” whined Sherlock’s quarry, a fat boy with milk-white skin who looked as though this was the first time he had removed his shirt in his life. “Why can’t I just stay home?”
John didn’t quibble; along with enthusiasm, Sherlock lacked any tolerance for depressants. He broke the tablet in half and left it to take effect whilst he ate his own dinner. After ten minutes, Sherlock had gone glassy eyed and hazy and left off texting, so John washed his hands, gloved up and set to work.
“I remember,” Mycroft said slowly. “But when the police reopened the case as part of the Moriarty bombings, they never found any trace of Moriarty.”
Sherlock heard the telltale creak of the third stair an instant before the distant chime of the downstairs clock. He had been crouched against the door for the last quarter of an hour, in spite of knowing John would be punctual to the minute.
“Oh, come on, Mycroft, if someone wanted to interrogate me about what Sherlock’s been up to—besides the tabloids—don’t you think they’d already have done?”
“I want a lot of kissing,” Sherlock said. “I want a lot of everything.”
“It must have been terribly dusty.”
Sherlock exhaled a long breath. “You want me to go back. To fix this.”
“Water,” Sherlock croaked. It came out a voiceless rasp.
Sherlock opened his eyes, took a breath. “Yes.” He made himself step back and let go of John’s hand, feeling suddenly cold and alone; every part of him yearned to return, to fold himself into the warmth of John’s embrace. It was like swimming against a current. “But now you’d best get back downstairs.”
John’s peacefully slumbering cock zinged to full alertness as though shouted awake by Minchin. “Oh God yes,” he said. He leaned up, lifted the hatch, and shouted, “Make speed, my good man, and don’t spare the horses--half a guinea if you make it in twenty minutes.”
“It’s just business, Mrs. Hudson. Surely you can understand that.”
“Well,” John said briskly, clapping his hands together once. “Time to move the car.”
“Could have passed for younger,” Tank said musingly. He looked fondly at where Sherlock had scaled the brick wall and was hanging nearly upside down to look at the river. “Bless him.”
The visitors did not go riding again. Instead they spent most of their stay holed up in the billiard room drinking Lord Sherrinford’s brandy, and occasionally going to town where they could give offense to local girls away from Mrs. Medlock’s stern eye. John never drove on these expeditions. There seemed to be a tacit understanding that he was to be kept from view, and John had no objection. Sebastian Wilkes, after all, had been breaking Sherlock’s toys from the age of six, and his friends did not seem to be much better.
“Okay more,” Jeff panted, long past the point that Sherlock had gotten bored.
Sherlock’s hands were skittering over his back; he was gasping into John’s mouth as John rutted against him. God, John was so hard already, he’d be coming in his pants like a teenager in a minute. “Is this grinding?” Sherlock managed curiously, sliding down the wall a little so they were better aligned and sending sparks up from John’s groin to his brain. As if on cue, fireworks exploded over the park.
“That’s down to you two and we all know it. That’s why, you know…”
“John,” he said, motioning with his mug of tea. “I’ve had a wire from his Lordship. Lord Sherlock’s not to leave the estate until he returns; he wants him to stay on the grounds.”
Tank held up seven fingers and pointed them at Sherlock. “You’ll work it out.”
When they were both satisfied that the flat was clean, Mrs. Hudson took herself back downstairs for her tea and telly and Sherlock rang Lestrade.
. And he’s clearly
“When did you return from Singapore?” Sherlock interrupted.
Molly shook her head. “No, Irene doesn’t trust anybody but herself. And us, obviously,” she added. “Her household. She’s known most of them for ages, like Kate, and then, well, there’s me.”
gone to a pub, though not to meet Lestrade; he’d downed three drinks in numb solitude and then gone for a long, long walk in the park. It had been drizzling, a typical wet chilly night in spring, but he had not even noticed the icy droplets trickling down his neck.
“It means twice a day,” Molly offered. Sherlock spun around and pinned her with a stare, and John watched with wry, sympathetic amusement as she froze like a rabbit, a deep red flush suffusing her face. Apparently even pale and thin in an ill-fitting uniform with a tag, Sherlock’s...Sherlockness was like being in the path of an oncoming train.
Sherlock went very still. A
Sherlock roused John and they left just as a dazzlingly perfect autumn day was dawning. They went for an enormous, celebratory breakfast, and emerged into full sunshine.
John nodded to show he followed.
He looked at the name on the screen and then met Mary’s eyes.  The phone in his hand rang again and he had a sudden desire to throw it, not answer it, never hear the words that would tell him that he would never text Sherlock again, that it was already too late.
Sherlock sniffed. “I did delete Wordsworth,” he said.
Sherlock looked at John. His eyes were filling again. “You will be fine,” John told him. “You are brave, Sherlock. You rode into a gang of armed ruffians! What’s a school compared to that?”
John smiled over at him. “I don’t know why you keep worrying about what’s going to happen to
They were separated by dormitories for meals, so John and Sherlock had parted from Mike to sit at one of the two tables pointed out to them as belonging to B dorm. John was starving--his breakfast at the jail seemed a lifetime ago--so he ate with gusto, and even Sherlock steadily spooned soup into his mouth as he scanned the table. They had been told they were to be silent during the meal, but the staff seemed inclined to ignore talking as long as things did not get too noisy. John finished his soup and scraped the last drops from the bowl with his bread, wondering if he could switch bowls with Sherlock if he wasn’t going to finish. He looked over and suddenly realized Sherlock had gone quiet, staring down at his lap with a closed, distant expression.
“That’s just it, we don’t know. Everything went silent there a few days ago. Our people in Canada think the most likely explanation is that there was a bloodless revolution and the Southeast turned themselves over to Texas and asked to be taken in.”
John smiled and for the first time that night felt a lump in his throat. “She was.”
Sherlock caught the joke. His face smoothed out. “I think I’ll be best on my own this time.”
,” he snapped in frustration as John approached. “There has to be something, something that points to where he put her but I can’t see it, there has to be something I’m not seeing.”
“Check his phone,” Sherlock said, standing. “It will be here, if not on the body then plugged into a charger. You can always crawl around looking for the outlets, Anderson.”
Sherlock had been trying so hard not to think about John Watson that it honestly didn’t occur to him that John would be driving him home until he walked out the front door and saw him standing there beside the car. He hoped no one noticed the hitch in his stride.
“Our handmaidens cover their heads out of modesty, commander, and to show their devotion to the holy Church.” The Reverend Mother sounded affronted, which, perversely, made Sherlock want to shove off his own head covering.
“What?”
“Why did you go to Mycroft?” Sherlock asked. He had never thought to wonder at this before, probably because he had been resolutely abstaining from thinking about John at all.
“We all have our vices, Detective Sergeant,” Sherlock said. He coated his hands thoroughly, shook them briefly in the air to dry them, and then stuck out his hand. “Thank you.”
was pushing all kinds of buttons John never knew he had. He’d always been a top, sure, but had never thought of himself as the dominant type. And, of course, the thought of hurting Sherlock—hurting anyone—in any real way made him shy away in revulsion. But taking control…he did like that, he realized. And the idea of Sherlock bound, Sherlock kneeling…John had found a whole page devoted to hair pulling. It was the thought of pulling Sherlock’s head back to expose his throat that had finally made John shut his laptop. Time to face facts. He was not a thoughtful flatmate concerned for a vulnerable friend for whom he
“The DI worked the case pretty hard. She even identified two other previous cases that sounded similar, but couldn’t locate the victims.”
” Sherlock repeated, baring his teeth and clipping the consonants. He was fishing peas out of his soup and depositing them into John’s. “He’s the school errand boy, a position he enjoys due no doubt to his great personal charm. Also, he’s Mr. Posey’s catamite.”
“Right,” John said vaguely. “Well, salmon’s fine, but I can pick up takeaway if you’d rather.”
experience and skill at normal relationships than you, and then your no-strings-attached casual fling went and fell for you and turned into a possessive, jealous, abusive cliché. If I didn’t want to see him spend the rest of eternity in a bottomless pit, I might feel a bit sorry for him.”
Sherlock dropped his jacket to the side and began unbuttoning his shirt. Sebastian yanked off his own shirt and reached to push Sherlock’s down his arms. When it dropped to the floor, he slid his hands down to Sherlock’s wrists and gripped them with one hand behind Sherlock’s back so that Sherlock felt the bones of his wrists grinding together. He grimaced, and Sebastian yanked him closer, sliding his free hand up to clench in the curls at the base of Sherlock’s head and jerk his head back. Sherlock’s breath shuddered out.
“Fine horses you’ve got there.”
“Look, you can come back in the morning and I’ll do it then, I’ll pay you,” Sherlock said impatiently. “Now
John kissed him and kissed him and worked his pants off, a little more carefully since they weren’t as loose as the trousers, and then he touched him, and then he licked his hand and touched him, which almost made Sherlock cry with pleasure—it had just been so long since anything felt
Sherlock refilled his coffee, dunked his first biscuit, and sat back to listen.  Ten minutes later he went to take a bite and realized that the biscotti had dissolved into mush in his cup, utterly forgotten. “Wait,” he said. “Show me the equation for that, I’m not following.”
“I’ve something to tell you,” Effie said quietly, setting down his tray and going to the door to check the coast was still clear.
“Of course we’re keeping the wallpaper. The wallpaper
Roz took her eyes off the road to glance over at him. “Bloody hell. You
Admitting he had not eaten or slept for the past few days would surely make Molly feel obligated to look after him, which was the last thing Sherlock wanted just then. “I had to talk to you before anything else,” he said, honestly. “But to tell you the truth I’m starving. Can I buy you dinner? It’s the least I can do.”
John slid silently down the rock to sit on the ground, hand still over his mouth.
The boy’s eyes went wide and Sherlock added swiftly, “Though you ought to stop. Your acne would clear up loads.”
It was all too much. Sherlock closed his eyes again, too exhausted to try to understand what John was saying. He was alive, John was here holding his hand, swearing never to leave again. He was going to be so happy. Eventually.
“This is going to require very delicate handling,” Mycroft said finally.
They did it again. And again, and again, until Sherlock gained enough confidence that he was willing to lean back without going rigid with fear. John finally got him maneuvered him into position, adjusting his hands so that one splayed between Sherlock’s shoulder blades and the other supported the tops of his clenched skinny buttocks. “Good! Good, Sherlock. Now let your arms relax a little.” Sherlock unclenched his fists, letting his arms float out a little from his body. “That’s wonderful. You’ve almost got it.” John softened his voice to his gentlest, most soothing tones, the ones he used when a horse was injured or in foal. “I have you, Sherlock, I won’t let anything happen to you. I won’t let you fall. Feel the water, see how it wants to hold you up? Let it hold you.”
“Just a bit of kissing,” Sherlock breathed into his ear. “Just a lark, maybe a wager lost. You can still explain it away. But if I touch you…” The fingers that had pushed John back ran down his chest, grazing his nipple, stopping short of his trousers. “…if I touch you, there’s no going back. You’ll never be able to call yourself straight again.” His hand barely brushed the straining bulge in John’s jeans and settled at his hip, as lightly as it had earlier that night. “Not once you’ve begged for it. You’ll never
“Oh?” John said mildly. “What’s that then?”
The man spoke perfect English, but there was a liquidity about the R’s that made her think he was Asian. “I might be,” she said cautiously. “What kind of terms?”
how we usually have sex, actually.”
“I had a contract on a retired Mafia boss…” Julie told the story, relishing Jezebel’s throaty laugh. It was a little sad, she thought wistfully, that her best friend was a woman she would never meet face to face, living an entire ocean away.
“Okay, you now, I can’t,” John panted, letting go to take his weight back on both arms again. Sherlock obeyed without thinking, eyes falling closed as he closed his hand around himself. He hesitated, self-consciousness threatening, but when John pushed inside him again, sending sparks skittering along his nerves and igniting the growing heat in his cock, his hand moved almost of its own volition. “God, yeah. Do it. God. So beautiful. Go on, go on, I love you,
“Yeah, you get to skip that step if you’ve already been bonded and bred,” the woman said. “How did you know?”
“Whatever buttons you need sewn back on. It’s obvious your eyesight is no longer up to the task.”
Sherlock exhaled a breath he hadn’t known he was holding. “I need the checque in two days to post with my application,” he said quickly, “but I’ve got to run now, I’ll be late for dinner.” He hung up the phone on his father’s querying voice and grinned at the wooden wall. He knew he’d managed it; his father would have convinced himself this would be the making of Sherlock by the time he got round to telling Mummy. Now he just needed to compose something for his application and tape himself playing something suitably dazzling by day after tomorrow. Piece of cake. Filled with delight at his own cleverness, Sherlock opened the door of the phone cubicle and came face to face with Bruce.
No sooner had this occurred to him than a large arm went around his neck and a cloth was pressed to his face. He smelled a familiar sweet smell, thought in bewilderment
“Understood,” Malinowski said. “Prepare to withdraw as soon as Mercury is located.”
“Mmm.” John closed his eyes and opened his own trousers. “Close your eyes. Now imagine I’m crawling up on top of you, and I’m rubbing against the front of your grey pyjamas. Put your hand on yourself. Rub yourself through the cloth, pretend it’s me.” In real life John could never put his full weight on Sherlock like this, but he was enjoying the fantasy. He pressed the heel of his hand into his growing erection, imagining it was Sherlock’s cock. “God, you feel good. Are you getting hard?”
John panted a moment and then pulled off, a rush of warm semen cascading onto Sherlock’s already sweat- and come-slicked abdomen. “God, you’re a mess,” John said, reaching for the towel. “There’s come in your
“He is,” Anderson confirmed. “He knew you survived because I told him, but you had vanished without a trace after what happened at the Hall—wiring him last night was the happiest task of my life.”
The next time Sherlock opened his eyes it was morning, albeit a dull and drizzly morning, and the sedatives seemed finally to have worn off. Sherlock lay in bed for a minute thinking. Then he got up and prowled around the bedroom: clean and airy, with a large bed and a small bedside table holding a water glass and pitcher, but no other furniture. He peered into the en suite, which was large and held a spacious shower, and found his robes, washed and pressed and hanging neatly from a hook on the back of the door.
“I’ll do my best.”
“Mmmm…rather the other way round, wasn’t it?”
“Yes. I planned it that way,” Mycroft said blandly. “There is not enough coffee in the world to repay the enormous boon you have given me by relieving me of the responsibility for caring for my brother in hospital.”
“I couldn’t sleep either. It’s wonderful you’re back.”
“I haven’t understood a word you just said,” Sherlock said blankly.
John looked at him, seeing for a moment not the tall elegant man he was now but the small fierce boy who feared nothing but school. “Then we make a new plan,” he said simply. “That’s what we do, isn’t it?”
Trevor shook her head and now she was the girl Sherlock knew at Oxford, pushing back her fair hair and fiddling with her silver pencil. “I don’t think so, not yet. You’re still here.”
he still taught you.”
“Oh, he’s always been delicate. Weak lungs, they say, though he’s always done well enough here in the country. He’ll grow tall in the end though, you mark my words—Lord Mycroft was just the same.” Mrs. Gregson brought a satchel over to the table. “Now, if I know Master Sherlock, he’ll be gone for hours with no thought to his own meal or anybody else’s, so I’ve put up enough bread and cheese for two, and there’s a bottle of ginger beer for a bit of a treat. Just for today, mind, don’t go expecting it every day.”
“Look how many tutors he’s gone through!” Ned had said. “At least Mr. Brooke returned from holiday. The last one didn’t.”
“We’re busy, and busy is good,” John said. “But he’ll crack this sooner or later, and when that happens…I won’t let him go back there.”
The owner of Kensington FC paid for Sherlock and John's dinner in Florence
“Is it okay?”
“Close to the river, but…”
“And Anneke’s packing you a hamper so he’ll have something to eat later,” Molly added, rolling her eyes.
For the first time in recent memory Sherlock had no interest in getting off. “Too knackered.”
They slipped around to the back door that Effie had propped open when she came out to meet her supposed fiance. John could not help looking around and, sure enough, there was Irene in a passionate embrace with none other than the red-haired housemaid. He hoped she wouldn’t be too broken-hearted at the end of all this--at least Irene could hardly steal her virtue. Could she? This question distracted him enough that he forgot to panic as he followed Sherlock noiselessly up the back stairs and into a corridor he recognized from the night before. That brought him back with a jolt.
“How would I know? This was his bloody idea!” John was torn between disappointment and relief, with exasperation rapidly overtaking both. After he’d just gotten himself properly enthusiastic! “I’d better go after him. Give me…give me ten minutes, and if we aren’t back, ring up some friends, I suppose. Oh, and keep the whisky.”
“So four against two, but they’ve a hostage,” Becks said.
Waking up was the worst part; if he lay still, it could catch him.
“You’re a marvel,” John said. “Let’s get out of here before any more Russians show up.”
John greeted the Guardian who came out to get his ancillus’ name and leaned back in his seat, settling in to wait, but then the front door of the house banged open and Sherlock barreled out so fast John had not even got his door open before Sherlock slammed himself into the car. “Drive,” he snapped.
John knew very well that Shovel was actually called Beau Cheval, because Sherlock had drummed it into his head the summer before, but secretly he thought Shovel suited the slow old horse better. Still, he could be coaxed into a gallop in the right mood, so it would be a good ride nonetheless. “I’ll have the old boy prancing like a colt,” he promised.
“I’m not planning to
Mrs. Hudson patted his arm. “We’ll get some roses in those cheeks and
John was feeling inordinately proud of himself as he untied the scarves and rubbed tenderly at Sherlock’s hands. Sherlock seemed limp and utterly sated, opening cloudy eyes only when John collected his ice bowl and went to the door. “Where are you going?”
Sherlock squelched off miserably and John hung up his own wet jacket and phoned in their order. He hoped Sherlock would bin the shoes—they were going to be really awful if they mildewed. He knew Sherlock would be in the bath for a good hour, so that gave him plenty of time to do a bit of washing up and eat his own food. By the time Sherlock finally appeared in his dressing gown and pajamas John was warm and full and feeling much better. “Pho?” Sherlock said hopefully, sniffing toward the kitchen where John had his soup keeping warm in a pot.
He’d taken to coming down a few minutes early for his walk—
“Okay, okay, just—here, drink your coffee.” John handed a cup to Sherlock and stuffed half a spring roll into his mouth. “All right, I’ve got a name. There was a similar kidnapping a while back in America and the kidnapper, who sounds like a real nutter, is in a psychiatric facility awaiting trial, where she has access to the internet, and she admitted to her attorney that she was recently contacted by somebody calling himself, or herself, Azmodeus. Asking for advice, it sounds like. Ring any bells?”
At the door of the church Sherlock handed Molly his prayer book and they separated, Molly going on to the sanctuary whilst Sherlock veered off to the small chapel on the side. St. Elizabeth was the traditional patron of barren omegas, so it was reasonable that Sherlock, after two unproductive heats, should visit her chapel. A Bonded in an enormous plumed hat was already kneeling at the altar rail, so Sherlock slid into a seat to wait his turn, head lowered as though in prayer. The Bonded swept out a moment later, long skirt swishing on the stone floor.
“Well, maybe a bit,” Sherlock admitted. He looked immensely pleased. “Would you mind if I just made a few notes on the first movement? I think I know what it needs now.”
. It meant
“Thanks for that,” John said. “Could you really not have waited til I got home? She’s going to hate me now.”
John was still frozen with indecision when Jim burst out laughing. “The game’s afoot!” he cried, and leaped up onto the wall after Sherlock. There was an immediate
Sherlock was not normally given to introspection, but he had no desire to get up, so he simply lay there for a while letting the previous night’s events settle and become part of him. The first time had been hard, harder than he’d expected; infuriatingly, humiliatingly hard. He had thought he was stronger than that. The memory of it still stung—that he of all people should be undone by the noise in his own head!—but John had made it all right, somehow, reminding Sherlock of where the blame lay, and after that it had been glorious. Sherlock looked at John’s sleeping face in the dim light. How could someone be so ordinary and yet so amazing at the same time? Sherlock wanted to stay just like this, right next to him, for the rest of his life. He wanted to fuck him and argue with him and eat terrible food by the fire and lie in his arms. He loved him. Probably ought to say so at some point, Sherlock thought, and then he closed his eyes and briefly dozed off again.
“Hmmmm. I’m not going to feel bad about ruining yours. I’m going to
Sherlock lifted one shoulder. “Eurus was sent away. The evidence was overwhelming and anyway she admitted it, or so Mycroft says. My parents moved house. I went to boarding school a year early.”
Sherlock winced. “Have one on me,” he said, pushing a handful of bills over. “Your penis looks more than adequate from what I can see.”
“Stop being rude and I’ll get there, yeah? So when we were on the road trip she got to telling me about a case she had looked into in Texas. A bloke there was on death row for murdering his pregnant wife, because if you kill an unborn child it’s a capital crime in Texas, and Roz was looking at death penalty cases for a piece she was writing for the
“She’s meeting with the board,” the boy said, blinking. “Oh, hello again,” he said, noticing John.
he is, and how if you suck his nipples he practically comes just from that, so, you know, I wish I tuned out for that part because I don’t think I’m ever going to get that picture out of my head.”
“They like you,” John said, shrugging, after a therapist perplexed Sherlock utterly by saying he was her favorite. “You’re tough.”
Sherlock smiled with his eyes still closed, and John reached to smooth his tangled hair back. “You know,” he said after a minute, “I understand why you like that side of the bed, facing the stairs and all, but it seems a bit unfair. Here I’ve got this fantastic view
Lady Smallwood sighed. “I suppose you’re right. I knew you were able to manage that Irene Adler mess, so I suppose I was hoping you could pull off something similar here.”
Sherlock had shrugged into his coat and buttoned it up, though the night was pleasant, and now he flipped up his collar. “Hungry?” he asked, looking over at John. His face would have given nothing away to anyone else, but John caught the flicker of uncertainty in his eyes.
“What, you like me less the longer you know me? Also understandable.”
“Well, now you do,” John said cheerfully. “Here, I found some satsumas. Dish up those beans and you can deduce what’s going on back home and I’ll tell you if you’re right.”
“Okay,” John said, who thought he was following the essentials although he wasn’t entirely clear where the Caucasus was. Near Ukraine?
Sherlock smiled a little at John’s blatant attempt to cheer him, but it was short-lived. He looked out the cab window at the building looming ahead and said, “Come on, we’re here.”
“It says the condom is lubricated,” Sherlock said. He was impatient now, hot and throbbing and wanting, and he rolled over onto his front and spread his legs. “Come on, put it on.”
“Sebastian Moran.”
“Took a wrong turn,” Sherlock said quickly, “We’re not from around—from, er, these parts, and—“
That settled it.
The boys brightened instantly. “Can we play on the computer?”
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow, “What, find me a man on Grindr?”
“Sherlock?” John’s voice sounded a little anxious. To be fair, Sherlock almost always texted. In fact the last time he actually phoned John may have been when he was about to jump off the roof at Bart’s, so probably it was a little alarming.
John gathered up various articles as best he could and Callie threw them on, frantically peering out the window. “It’s not light at all yet, I think I’ll make it. Bless you for waking me, John, I’ll see myself out,” and she slid down the ladder with impressive agility for someone wearing a skirt.
“The two unconscious idiots in the shed,” Sherlock said.
“So, the killer must work for Planet Baby,” Roz said.
There was at least one silver lining to Mr. Brocklehurst’s reign of terror. A few days after the gin incident, the headmaster finally began surprise inspections after lights out. The very first night he discovered Mr. Gamfield
“Seventeen.”
“And I’m not leaving you. All right then, we’re agreed. If Angus’s lot can use us, we’re in.”
“You remember the rules, correct? The rules you yourself established? If you can catch me, you can have me.”
“Certainly not. Omegas of childbearing age aren’t allowed.”
They were quiet a few minutes, basking in the sunshine.
At the convent, they were taken off suppressants as soon as they arrived. They stayed in the novitiate until their first heat came, and then they disappeared. No one knew what happened during heat. Even Sherlock and Molly never speculated, before Molly vanished as well.
find it astonishing that someone as wonderful as John wanted to be with Sherlock?
Something caught John’s eye and he looked up. The sunlight was bright in the bedroom now and it had caught a long scratch where the handcuffs had gouged the headboard. John swallowed and tightened his arms. Sherlock hummed happily, apparently willing to be squeezed.
John pounded past the point on the path where Moriarty lay dead dying
“No, listen. Listen to me. I think your brother may be alive.”
“Then maybe,” Sherlock said with exaggerated patience, “we should start actively moving this thing forward instead of waiting for him to come to us.”
Sherlock grinned and slid back down, moving slowly and adjusting the angle until he was leaning over John’s chest, supporting his weight on his elbows. He knew John loved it when he came from his cock alone, though that was never going to work in this position, but it felt fantastic all the same. He bent lower to let his throbbing cock brush against John’s abdomen and let his hips rise and fall with tantalizing slowness, letting the pleasure build bit by bit, making it last as long as he could.
Sherlock was nonplussed. “Okay? That’s it?
Sherlock woke as abruptly and thoroughly as if he had been doused in cold water. He knew what he had missed earlier.
more people than I can count. Once in a while, sure, somebody clever enough or crazy enough would catch his eye for a minute, but only as long as it took him to work them out. But you.” Lestrade leveled his gaze at John. “Since the very first day, Sherlock’s looked at you like you’re the only person in the world. I don’t know what made him take a fancy to this other bloke after all this time, but I know there is no way it can compare to what he feels for you.”
,” Sherlock shouted.
“Can I have done by causing an avalanche?” Sherlock asked Mycroft. “I’ve always thought that had a certain panache.”
“Oh,” John said. He handed the bottle back to Sherlock. “You keep it, I’m afraid of dropping it now. How exactly are you going to manage selling it though? You can’t exactly go to Mr. Temple and ask to take a cart so you can visit the wine merchant.”
was very interesting. Well worth the risk and aggravation of having Wiggins around, which was producing an annoyingly Pavlovian uptick in what had been a manageable level of craving. One more thing.
“Well, if you’re going to be away,” Rowan said, “what if Sherlock stays with me in London?”
“I--sorry,” Sherlock said. “I don’t—no one sent me, I escaped, and I saw your cat sign on the wall. I don’t know what I’m supposed to answer.”
“I was saying that was amazing, all that stuff you guessed about the housekeeper.”
ready, the weather refused to cooperate. It rained for two days during which Sherlock refused even to answer the phone, in case he got distracted, and on the third the sky remained stubbornly, hatefully grey.
That one’s the same in Latin and Spanish, by the way.”
“Really?” Sherlock asked, distracted. “Why not?”
“Finished?” Moriarty said brightly.
Everything else remained unchanged. John had an actual date with the gastroenterologist, which went well enough that they went on a second, which ended in a bit of snogging that John thought went rather well. Sherlock was petulant and snippy when John made himself unavailable for the evening, but then he’d always done that, so John ignored him.
Well, that could have gone worse. Time to cut it off before they both died of embarrassment. “Yes, well. As I said.” He tried to keep his voice from sounding too curt. “Thank you, Detective Sergeant.”
“Yes, thank you, thank you very much.” John hesitated, wanting to say something meaningful to Sherlock, something to allay his fears, but he had no idea of what would help, and then Simon Fallows said simply, “Good night,” and disconnected.
you. Come on, Leo, get up--where’d Flea get to?”
“I don’t know if I can help much,” Jayla said. “I told the police back then, I was asleep all night. I didn’t know anything happened until I heard about it on the school bus the next day.”
John groaned. “Sherlock, you
“Lovely!” Lady Smallwood said, smiling down at his work. “And, of course, the really delightful thing about practicing needlework is that if you make a mistake, or just want to make some room to practice more, er, chemicals, it’s quite easy to pick it out.” She slide her own needle under a stitch to demonstrate and deftly pulled out the arsenic, handing the hoop back with a smile.
which made him roll his eyes, and two from John:
“—crispy, I know. Whatever you like. We’ve nothing on today, have we?”
“John.
“Does that make him more dangerous, or less?”
“Er.” Sherlock rolled back to his side and said, “Now that Nasir and Stephen no longer need protection, Mycroft has informed me that we need to find them more permanent accommodations. He’s willing to provide funding if needed, which should be helpful. Stephen has a place to live already, more or less, but obviously would be better served by going to rehab. If Mycroft’s paying it shouldn’t be too difficult to find a private facility. I was rather hoping you’d take care of Nasir.”
“Your cousin read chemistry in German?”
“All right.” Sherlock took a deep breath. “Mary was working for the CIA, stationed in Pakistan. She’d lost her partner a few months before and been assigned a new one, Neil Garrison. Garrison had had some trouble early in his career and had been working as an analyst. This was his first field assignment in years. She didn’t trust you,” Sherlock said to Garrison. “From the very beginning she thought you were a loose cannon.”
Sherlock closed his eyes.
” and the whole long line of him convulsed as he shuddered, cock jerking and pulsing in John’s hand. John pushed up a little to get a better angle, shoved the pillow back in place, and slammed himself into Sherlock’s still-quaking body, harder and harder until he saw stars and the entire galaxy seemed to explode across his vision. The only drawback to this position, he thought hazily as he folded over, was that there was no easy way to simply collapse afterward. He ended up more or less shoving Sherlock off of himself and then tipping over to land on his side.
“Well, Shonda and the two assistants are probably leaving, for one thing,” John said.
By the time he came out, Sherlock had abandoned the violin and flung himself into his own chair, where he sat drumming his fingertips furiously on the armrests. When John emerged carrying two cups of tea Sherlock all but growled at him, then leaped to his feet and strode over to his coat.
O’Dowd nodded. “When I was on the phone.”
“I want him dead,” Moriarty repeated.
Sherlock stared. Surely John wasn’t suggesting he drop his pants? He felt a rush of heat in spite of the gooseflesh rising on his arms.
“But none of the dogs were home.” Sherlock steepled his fingers and fixed his beadiest stare on Kincaid. “Where were they?”
John waited and waited, but no reply ever came.
The woman on the right—no, the girl; in spite of her heavy eyeliner and sharp cheekbones she couldn’t have been out of her teens—clicked a button quickly on the remote she was holding and the television switched to a sustained shot of a flickering fireplace. Smooth jazz filled the room. “Hi sexy,” she said in heavily accented English.
“Can he get us to a pilot too?”
John tried to pull back to get a look at his face. He heard more bedsprings, footsteps on the floor, coming nearer.
Sherlock pushed his cowl back, feeling oddly exposed as his curls sprang free. He was aware of a faint rush of sweetness, like a breeze through lilacs: the scent of nineteen women shaking out their freshly washed hair.
Rouncewell watched Sherlock for a minute in silence, then looked back down at the revolver. “Careful you don’t use too much oil.”
“Doesn’t matter this time, Beerman is still going down,” Aronsen said. “The firm is connected too—yes, hello, I’m still here. Thank you…Senator, good afternoon.” She raised her eyebrows in an I-told-you-so gesture at McGinty and turned back in her seat. “You won’t remember but we met at the partner’s dinner last year…oh, thank you, you’re very kind. Yes. Yes, it’s true. The DA will be giving a press conference tomorrow. Yes. Absolutely. You too.” She disconnected. “The word’s going out now; after the press conference tomorrow every politician in the state will be denouncing Beerman, saying he should drop out.”
By the time he had stripped all the way down to his vest and pants Sherlock was wet and throbbing, but the sense of panic had receded, and the crackling along his spine no longer had such a vicious edge to it. Clearly the water was spiked, laced with just enough low-grade tranquilizer to keep him from actually hurting himself. Fine, Sherlock thought, and gulped down another, the water cooling the burning only briefly.
He did it, although he had to pull up his wounded right arm with his left. The table was so narrow that he had to splay his arms out to the side in order to get his elbows on. Abdulleyev sat in the chair across from him and studied him. He was a heavyset man, shorter and younger than Mirzayev, with lighter coloring but the same essential round facial structure as the others. Not entirely Uzbek, Sherlock thought. Hot-tempered and arrogant, kept a string of whores instead of a single girlfriend, played video games, drank too much. Nothing Sherlock could use.
Rowan reached over with one hand and ran a hand up Sherlock’s leg to cup his cock, already hard in his school trousers. “You can’t hold out until Christmas, can you? And you know what this pretty little schoolboy uniform does to me.”
Sherlock shrugged. “I’m not likely to wear it back in London in any case.” He leaned next to John, following his gaze out the window. The blue of the jumper brought out his eyes, but John also saw the shadows around his eyes and the hollows beneath his cheekbones. He looked ethereally beautiful and profoundly weary all at once.
Oh God, Sherlock realized: Lestrade. “It’s fine,” he said quickly.
In the end, the pile of his possessions was not much bigger than it had been when he had moved to Baker Street the first time, five years ago. He was able to fit it all in the back of a cab.
find the phone.”
John looked at him over the top of the stall. “A lot of horses to stable?”
“I have not,” the prince said, deciding to answer directness with truth. “I was looking for you. Word has reached the court of a shepherd with prodigious gift of song.”
“And you identified my perfume,” she interrupted. “A straight man might have said something about how I smelled nice,
“Wipe it off, it’s your come,” Sherlock said lazily.
The van bumped over something uneven and came to a stop. Sherlock forced himself to listen: the rain had stopped, they were under a roof. A garage? Was it safe?
They lapsed back into silence, John still tapping slowly away at his phone and Sherlock with his fingers pressed tightly together, plotting his strategy. When he sensed from the outside noise and the car’s velocity that they were getting close, he opened his eyes and leaned forward. “Have you got any water?”
Hobbes collected a plate and cup whilst Sherlock, for the first time in months, cleared the debris from John’s side of the desk. Then she talked him through the pictures: “That’s the street, across the way, shops on either side—I couldn’t very well go round the back but I didn’t see anything—those are the two guys at the shop, they were ordinary, but there was a man in the back who had an accent. I heard him talking. He never came out front so I only got this one picture of him, here, through the door. Then he was talking to another guy—I think the one who drives the delivery lorry—and it was in another language, but I don’t know what it was.”
“Five for five,” Rodriguez said, grinning, but his eyes were as fierce as Roz’s had been. He held up his hand. “You were right.”
John’s face cleared. He breathed deeply, then lifted his head and gently grasped Sherlock’s wrists, avoiding the abraded areas where the handcuffs had bit into him, pinning them against the soft pillows. Sherlock looked up at him, mouth open and waiting, and John slowly slid his cock between his lips. Sherlock closed around him. “Oh,
Sherlock shook his head again mutely. He just couldn’t.
“Graeter’s,” McGinty said. “Sherlock here has a sweet tooth, and we can’t let him leave town thinking the best we can do is Frisch’s hot fudge cake, can we? I’m going to buy him the world’s best ice cream sundae.”
“John! You’re early! Excellent, I need your help.” Sherlock frowned at him. “Your nose is running. What have you been doing?”
“Oh, don’t say it.” Like everything else in service, unpleasant tasks were delegated by seniority. There was no chance whatsoever that John and Young Tom would not be the last two grooms on their feet the night of the ball.
Warnings for mentions of suicide, major depressive episode, and a whopper of a fight that crosses the line of acceptable behavior.
Lestrade gaped first at Sherlock, then at John, and finally at his small office. “We’re going to need a bigger room,” he said.
“I don’t know…a year maybe? Little less?”
When John came down the next morning, Sherlock really had done an admirable job of scraping bird body parts off the walls and cupboards, and he had even made shirred eggs and toast and tea in a clear gesture of appeasement. And in fairness John was the one who usually left cupboard doors open, so he really shouldn’t have lost his temper as loudly as he did when he went to take a sip of tea and a single bloody feather floated to the surface.
“Wait, when you say you’ve been with them, you don’t mean…do you?”
Sherlock’s heart gave a crazy, stuttering leap. “Description?”
Trevor tipped her head to see the label and nodded in approval and Sherlock felt his eyebrows go up: he’d never seen Trevor drink anything stronger than coffee in their Oxford days. “I’m paying though,” she said firmly. “I owe you a rather large debt of thanks.”
“I’m not in the
“Yes.”
“He seems so very worn, sir,” John ventured.
and then his lips tickling Sherlock’s ear as he breathed “I want you, I want you so much.”
Sherlock took the glass Michael handed him and tried not to gulp the whole thing in one go. “London,” he croaked.
Sherlock’s limp was a horrible thing to see, not a mild little catch in the stride as John’s had been but a lurching, dragging struggle. John’s heart clenched. So this was why Sherlock always came early and left late: not only to be sure of the corner table as John had assumed, but to ensure John would not see him limp. John felt sick. He had known about the injury, of course, but now he realized for the first time that he had not seen Sherlock on his feet since they had said good-bye on the tarmac almost a year ago. He turned quickly, not wanting Sherlock to catch him staring, and made his way slowly to the door.
“Lights, we need to get lights for once they’ve got the wiring done. Sherlock? Should we try for the same as before, or—“
Ryan got up and pinned a photograph to the wall with a colored pushpin; a sandy-haired woman clinging to the last vestiges of prettiness. “Andrea Chisolm, thirty-one. She was a nurse who worked nights, and her husband is a petroleum engineer with a rock-solid alibi: he was out on an oil rig all week. Found by her mother-in-law who had a key and got worried when Andrea didn’t return calls.” She passed around a set of crime-scene photos and went on, “As you can see the scene fits our guy’s MO, and when we checked on the crib Planet Baby’s records indicated that the purchase had been made but it was listed as store pickup, meaning she probably bought it online and then was planning to go by the store and pick it up. However, the family swears she had arranged for delivery, because her father-in-law had offered to set it up for her and she said no because he had a bad back.”
“I thought he was going to have apoplexy, I truly did. He was a long time coming back from the station--we all reckoned he stopped in at the pub for a pint.”
They kissed and kissed. Sherlock would have been content to stay there forever, his mind astonishingly, blissfully empty of everything but the sensation of John’s arms around him and John’s mouth on his. He never wanted to do anything else.
John stared at the taller of the couple. He did look familiar. John had a sudden image of himself at a pub, gesturing at a television screen and saying to Lestrade, “See that bloke there? Had an orgy with him once.” Christ, he needed a drink. The actor was intimidatingly good-looking, but the other man—Gerard?—was close to John’s age and, though not as unnervingly handsome, was quite fit and attractive. Liam was wearing a tight t-shirt that showed off his muscles and a cocky grin. John tried to imagine fucking that grin off his face, and decided that, yeah, he could possibly work with this.
When John and Roz got back to the FBI building they saw several television trucks parked outside.
Stephanie Poletti’s apartment complex was sprawling and dull, all the units identical and arranged in clusters around equally identical swimming pools. Sherlock told a manager he was thinking of renting and spent a few minutes prowling around an empty unit, which didn’t tell him much.
“You’re used to this, you’ve done this before,” Sherlock murmured. “Who? I thought your sister was older.”
“I talked to the secretary in marketing at lunch,” the woman said, her words tumbling out in a rush. “And she just called to tell me that Mr. Ellis had walked out. Went right past her and to the elevators like he was going someplace. She wasn’t sure if maybe we were supposed to try and keep him here so she called me and I came over to look and see if it looked like, you know, he was gone for the day or had just stepped away for a minute, and I saw an icon on his computer, you know, something minimized, and I clicked it and it’s, like a webcam, and I can see you on it. Well, I can see your arm and the phone and some of the people you were with a few days ago, the tall lady and the pregnant one—“
Well, there was only one way to find out. John considered ringing the fire bell, but that would rouse the whole estate, and might be a bit excessive if this just turned out to be a village lad on a dare. As quietly as possible, John slipped into his clothes and boots and leaned out over the ladder. No one in sight. No lights either—whoever was down there did not want to be seen. He quickly nipped down the ladder, grabbed a pitchfork, and crept along the center aisle, eyes wide and already adjusted to the dim light. Halfway down he spotted an empty stall: Circe’s. John set his jaw.
“Murder for hire, and I imagine everybody will care about what Beerman was covering up.” Sherlock still wasn’t certain, not a hundred percent, but he was all in now: time to show his hand. “Another murder, this one committed by one of his own associates. His wife’s brother, in fact. Peter James Conley, better known as P.J.”
“Why?”
After a while Sherlock realized he was thirsty and decided to return to the shop for another drink, and maybe some cigarettes, since then he would smell of smoke and Mummy would be caught between scolding him and being secretly relieved he had finally left the house. He had to wait in the shop, as the girl at the till was trying to deal with a boy about Sherlock’s age, who spoke English with a very heavy French accent and no Greek at all.
Mycroft was already perched at a table when John arrived at the pub, completely out of place in his three-piece suit and gazing meditatively at the food options as though hoping a
Sherlock slammed back into himself feeling as though he had been shot through an icy waterfall. He tried to sit up, but the world tilted crazily around him. He felt as if he were going to be sick. “God,” he gasped. “Oh, God.” He was shaking violently.
“You feel--you feel so good—tell me if this hurts you,” John pleaded, pushing into the warm wet slickness coating Sherlock’s abdomen. Sherlock, apparently unable to catch his breath yet, shook his head and buried his face in John’s hair, bracing himself as John’s tempo picked up until he came all over Sherlock in his turn.
Sherlock did this occasionally—he claimed the delay made orgasm more intense--so John let it go, but he felt a twinge of unease. Perhaps it was due to the intensity and one-sidedness of the experience, the disorienting sense of vulnerability; he felt as though Sherlock had opened him up like an interesting corpse and found things John had never known were there. Maybe he was afraid that Sherlock had liked it, liked the upper hand, liked the control better than the pleasure John could give him. And that was something that touched on John’s deepest fear, wasn’t it? The one he never let himself think about, the one he had shoved far down out of sight since their first night together—no, since they first met. Sally Donovan had warned him then: someday Sherlock would get bored.
“He’s not going to talk to you, Owen. He’ll clam up and then insult you and you’ll end up wanting to punch him yourself.”
Sherlock was much less sanguine. “I don’t want you to go back there,” he said, sitting up in alarm. “That man almost killed you. Can’t you have Dr. Woodcourt take you on as an apprentice or something?”
“Not long to find the papers, but we’ll need to make copies. That way with any luck no one will ever notice the theft,” Sherlock said. “I take it you can manage the copying?” This was to Janine.
Sherlock looked up, his eyes narrowed. “What about me?”
“It might be better if we couldn’t see it either,” John said a little gloomily.
“Roll over, love,” he said gently. Then he felt himself blush. Sherlock did not even seem to notice the endearment; he was scrabbling to get his legs down and turn over. John pushed the pillows into a little mound under him, spread him open with his hands, knelt up, and sank back in. He knew how to make this angle work, how to make Sherlock come howling without even touching him, but there was something else to do first.
“You loved the dark. You felt safe in it.” Simon’s voice was rough. “So I thought…I thought it would give you a chance.”
John tugged Sherlock’s head against his side so they could both pretend he did not see. “Let’s see what’s on the telly,” he said, turning it on and flipping around until he found
“I recognized the address last night. It was notorious as the home of Peter Ricoletti, who was head of the Malavita. Peter Ricoletti disappeared ten years ago and is presumed dead—the Malavita is apparently being run by his former lieutenant now—but the house appears to still be occupied. When I came back this morning I had a look round and there’s definitely been a fair amount of recent activity at the back entrance, which is certainly interesting.”
“I don’t know,” Sherlock admitted. Sherlock was wrapped in his coat with the collar turned up, looking like a character in a black-and-white Bogart film. People kept giving him sidelong glances. “My first idea was drugs, but have you noticed how much bigger this place is on the outside than the inside? It must be something that takes up a lot of room. Guns, most likely.”
A man of middle age thought of all he had learned in the past few years: to be patient, to recognize miracles, when to hold fast and when to let go. He decided that perhaps he was not, after all, too old to learn to drive.
They endured the unavoidable fussing from Mrs. Hudson and had takeaway for dinner and then John turned on the telly, and it was all so wonderful and familiar that Sherlock didn’t even feel bored; he just sat in his chair and stared at John staring at the television. At length John clicked the remote and said, “Well, I’m off to bed. Don’t stay up too late, all right? You need your rest.”
“Out running with Roz. Come
Sherlock tried to frown. “You really want me awake.”
“Even now?”
After a minute John sighed and said a bit shakily, “Tea,” and Sherlock let go of his wrists. John came back with two fresh mugs, looking calmer, and settled into his chair. “Okay,” he said.
Sherlock folded the paper carefully and rolled onto his back to contemplate the ceiling. He immediately bit his tongue to keep from yelping and rolled back, all the way to his front, where he pressed his face into the pillow. Best friend. He was John’s best friend. That was more that he had ever expected, and it would have to be enough.
type anyway, I suppose.”
“Effie?” Watson said in surprise. “That’s the rather dull one, isn’t it? Not the pretty one or the one who runs around like a squirrel.”
“Mr. Rouncewell didn’t think there was really a revolution at all. He thought there was danger, but not from any sort of popular uprising--from Sir James Moriarty, somehow. We don’t know who those people are, and we don’t know who we can trust. We need to get someplace safe until morning.”
and turned the cold water on.
“No, it’s fine.” Sherlock pushed himself to a sitting position with his arms. “I’m all right. The kneeling didn’t hurt me, anyway. You didn’t have to—I wanted to do that, for you. You didn’t have to…” He shrugged awkwardly, not looking at John.
John glanced at Sherlock, but apparently the numbered account was off the record for now. “I know the autopsy results already,” Sherlock said when Lestrade reached for a folder.
Sherlock moaned, head going back in John’s hand, sliding his leg higher.  John latched onto his neck and sucked, completely heedless of any marks he might be leaving, just wanting to
“Do you count yourself a civilized man then?” Sherlock asked with interest. His clear voice rang out in the still room. “How lovely. That will make things ever so much easier. I was under the misapprehension that you not only wished for war but were actively promoting the cause, Sir James—how delightful to learn we are on the same side.”
John nodded. He was about to ask the time when he heard the great church clock beginning to chime: one, two, three. Jesus. He pushed himself up before he could register how tired he was and turned to Ernie. “You go on back to the school and get some sleep. You’ll be needed tomorrow in the storerooms.”
OCD turned out to be an asset in physiotherapy. There were many, many times that Sherlock’s strength gave out before a set was finished, but he could no more think of stopping than he could of dancing the cha-cha. He panted a moment, gritted his teeth, and kept going.
John glanced up. “They were going to ground somewhere together—Mrs. Hudson wouldn’t tell me where. Singh was with them too; apparently he and Effie had a meeting of the minds at some point and he’s on our side now, or so he says. That should help. I sent the Guardians posted at the house to watch for you back to HQ, and Mrs. Hudson and I told the household about Pitts—“
“I’ll see if I can fit you in,” Sherlock said drily. He pulled his knees up again and frowned at John. “All right. You aren’t going to tell me any more right now, I can see that, so you’d best get to your rounds so we have time to talk.”
“Oh, should I get my coat then?” John asked. Sherlock’s horrified expression was priceless; John filed it away to tell Lestrade. John was wearing his rattiest old jumper over flannel pajama bottoms. He wasn’t even up to Sherlock’s usual sartorial standard, let alone Sherlock apparently in disguise as someone on the prowl. “Hey, attractive physique! Remember?”
Mr. Talbert stopped and turned to face him. “You wrote a concerto. A violin concerto. Three movements.”
“I’ll be all right in the morning,” Sherlock said, as though reading John’s mind. “It’s just muscle spasms, it happens sometimes.”
John sat at the desk for a long moment, fists clenched, staring into space. He wanted very badly to hit something. He wanted to rage, vomit, weep, tear off the black uniform, and kill the Commander with his bare hands. He wanted to scrub his mind clean of what he had seen.
“I’ve been waiting for hours,” Sherlock complained as John flopped heavily onto the bed. “Here, get your boots off and get under the covers, it’s lovely and warm.”
“I suppose it’s safe to assume that
“John.” Sherlock grabbed John’s hands. Oh damn it again, he was meant to have gone on one knee, wasn’t he? Or was that just for proposing marriage? Too late now. “John, I love you. I love you more than anything. I want to be with you forever.” He had more planned out, but suddenly his mind—his! Sherlock Holmes’!—had gone completely blank. “This is for you.” He shoved the heavy envelope into John’s hands. Mrs. Hudson had wanted to roll it up and tie it with a ribbon, but had dropped the idea when Sherlock started flapping.
John sternly schooled his mind to safer topics. “So what can you tell about him?”
John’s jaw fell open. He felt sure that this was not what Tom had originally meant to say, but it was certainly distracting. “Their
Sherlock glanced over his shoulder, amused. “I don’t mind. And from what I see you don’t look much better.”
John’s mouth fell open again, with disbelief this time. “He what?”
“You’re a better liar,” Garrison said. “But I still don’t believe you.”  He considered the two of them for a moment, and John could almost see him thinking: Sherlock had no reason to protect Mary, no child involved; he might even want her out of the way. “Just tell me,” he said, almost gently. “It will all be so much easier if you do.”
He was not in the cellar.
Sherlock offered to help wash up, which nearly sent them both into hysterics, though they did allow him to help clear away the empty wine bottles. He found a bit left in one and he and Tilly passed it back and forth, savoring the last few drops, before Effie got anxious and shooed him away.
John nodded. The little girl’s sleeves were rolled up to her elbows and the hem of her dirty dress was wet; she had evidently been doing exactly that. “Do any of the gentlemen ever touch you?”
some insipid fiction
The spiky-haired omega looked over. “Our man on Skye. He’s gone silent, and that’s a problem because he’s got charge of the lighthouse.”
Sherlock turned this over in his head, but he knew it was beyond him. He could barely understand his own feelings half the time, let alone sort out John’s. It did seem as though John were not heartbroken, though, and that was good. And Sherlock was apparently doing rather well at the comforting thing, and that was good too. It would seem that
“And why have you not been present for meals previously, Stephen Watson?”
“Oh,” Sherlock said, still trying to catch up—oh, the boring vegan’s birthday dinner. “Her closest friends would undoubtedly share her alternative sympathies—you must have noticed the acupuncture marks at our first meeting?—with the usual reflexive pacifistic—“ Was he making any sense? He was getting tangled up in his own train of thought. “You wouldn’t fit in. One of them was going to pick a fight after a few drinks, either psychopharmacology or the evils of the military, unless any of them were parents, in which case probably vaccines.”
“Very well,” said Saul, already losing interest. “Your brother has found me a poet who will do well enough for now; he’s so dull he bores me to sleep. You may go along back to the temple until I have need of you.”
“Worth it,” Sherlock mumbled, letting his eyes drift closed again. He felt John’s smile against his cheek as John gently, tenderly wiped the blood from his face.
“Weird, isn’t it?” the forensics officer said, crouching next to him. “He looks like something out of a horror film.”
“Oh, that’s easily helped.” Dr. Woodcourt drew a pad from his pocket and scribbled on it quickly. “Take this to the chemist, and he will give you a jar of salve--have Stephen apply it to his skin night and morning when he is dressing, and he can put it on his hands throughout the day. I’ll wager his hands are pretty badly off.”
“John? John!”
”Was he wearing gloves when he was caught?”
It was a bad hour. By the end of it John’s knees were trembling from hunger and fatigue and pain, and he thought another five minutes would do him in. He was amazed Mike was still on his feet. Occasionally a boy would be caught wriggling or dozing and be hauled up to join the line, which at least enlivened the tedium somewhat. John rather doubted that anyone had found anything about the experience edifying in the least: he himself had no idea what Mr. Posey had been reading, and all the faces he could see were glazed with incomprehension.
“Look at what?”
“I have no idea to what you are referring,” Mycroft said, taking a dainty bite of asparagus.
“I think he’ll sleep for a bit now,” Dr. Woodcourt said. “Why don’t you get some rest? I’ll stay here with him. You need to get some sleep or your head is really going to pain you,”
John had not actually considered this question before. “I don’t know,” he admitted. “It used to happen to me sometimes back at the Hall. Mrs. Gregson said something once about if I needed my bedding washed…” he grimaced at the memory. “I was horribly embarrassed. She said it was natural for boys though. I think most times I was dreaming about you, actually.”
Sherlock frowned. “Weren’t they our biscuits?”
“So what are you going to do? Leave?”
, Sherlock had said, and that was exactly how it seemed to John: he felt known, connected, joined to Sherlock in a way he had never experienced. “I know you,” he said softly. “I know you. I love you.”
John retrieved the pillows from Sherlock’s bed and lifted him so that he could breathe more easily. Sherlock opened unfocused eyes, blinked once, and slid straight down into unconsciousness again. John smiled, tucked the blankets around him, and set about stripping the sheets from Sherlock’s bed to replace with clean ones.
Sherlock hesitated briefly, trapped by his pride, then admitted, “Possibly.” Certainly.
“So how am I doing?” Sherlock asked when Mycroft arrived next day.
The silence that followed was so complete that John took the phone away from his ear and checked the screen to be sure he hadn’t been disconnected.
“Have a nice time?” John asked drily when Sherlock returned from an afternoon spent soaking up wisdom from a man who had been introduced to John as “Freddy the Fence”.
Sherlock nodded. “She’s in an ultrasecure facility for highly dangerous criminals. It’s mostly underground, and government clearance is required to visit. All prisons are unpleasant.” He opened his door. “So let’s go get your father out.”
John felt a huge, ridiculous grin spreading across his face. Quickly, before he could get nervous again, he strode around the corner of the tearoom and opened the door.
“If he’s right about all this on Willfen,
He wouldn’t have heard the soft
“So, when we do see him again,” John said carefully, “are we going to tell him? You know. About us?”
“He still is,” Lestrade put in.
John burst out laughing. “You can’t right away. No, I don’t know why, you just can’t. No, stop that, you
John and Sherlock looked at each other again and John said, “How can he be so creepy without even saying anything?”
This was fine with John. Sir Willoughby had been one thing, a rich old bachelor who loved his horses more than his daily bread, but the Earl of Sherrinford and his family sounded a different matter altogether.
Where was he? Sherlock frowned, but his battered brain produced nothing useful. He looked at his phone again and pulled up the map he had been following to get to Ricoletti’s house. Memorizing the address took far longer than it should have done, but finally he was able to laboriously type the information into the phone. Lestrade responded immediately:
“It’ll be too big, but that won’t matter, you’ll be in the car,” Kate said to Molly. “Take off your red things.”
John was off the bed so fast his stocking feet slipped on the wooden floor. Dr. Woodcourt lay Sherlock on John’s bed and John knelt next to him, feeling his forehead and listening to his chest. Just as the doctor had said, Sherlock’s skin was cool to the touch. His lungs sounded awful, wheezy and rattling,  but his pulse was strong and steady. John dropped his head to the edge of the bed and just stayed there a moment, breathing deeply and squeezing his eyes shut, still clutching at Sherlock’s wrist.
“No,” Sherlock said shortly. Coffee, he thought. He stalked to the kitchen with as much dignity as he could manage, set the coffee going, and went to wash. When he returned Mycroft handed him a full mug, sweetened exactly as he liked it, and carried on stirring his own cup.
At the touch of John’s hand Sherlock cried out and jerked away as though he had been burned, unfocused eyes wild and terrified. John leaped back, terrified he had somehow hurt him, and then Sherlock rolled abruptly into a crouch and began retching violently. John grabbed a kidney basin and shoved it in place but it appeared Sherlock had already vomited himself empty; the repeated spasms of dry heaves produced only a thin string of bile. John watched helplessly. After a minute Mycroft appeared at his side, holding a damp flannel.
“If I write a poem it’s going to be an ode to your arse. Who was St. Cecilia anyway?”
Mycroft gave him his tight, dry smile. “Well.” He reached down and retrieved a carrier bag, which he passed to John. “I’ll keep you apprised if I receive additional information. Your shopping.”
Sure enough, a card was pinned to the front of his coat that read “LUNG TONIC, 1 tsp BID.”
? You liked this one?”
Effie giggled harder, her flushed cheeks going even more deeply red. “The Smiths?”
The ink outlasted John. The monotony of copying set in by about the third letter, and by the time he was halfway through the pile he nodded off and nearly upset the ink. “I’m going to bed,” he told Sherlock, who was scribbling furiously. “I haven’t slept in days. If I don’t get some rest I’m liable to get sacked tomorrow.”
“Let’s have another cuppa,” John said, smiling at him. “I think I’ve got the knack of the toast by now.”
“Sherlock Holmes.”
John grinned at the sight of him. Sherlock looked like some sort of debauched fantasy: hair a mad halo, lips still red and swollen, the evidence of John’s enjoyment of him still drying across his face. “You know I didn’t mean all that,” he said. “It was just a good pretext to have you up against the wall.”
“I’m going to fetch Mrs. Gregson now, he said. “Stay there, and keep warm.”
“I know.” John nuzzled against his cheek, brushing his lips across Sherlock’s lips and cheekbones. Sherlock closed his eyes. People weren’t meant to feel this much, at least not Holmes people, and he was already so full of feeling that if he kept looking into John’s eyes he was going to come apart at the seams.
John frowned. They were lying in bed after a highly satisfying morning shag, and his mind had been drifting along as contentedly purposeless as the clouds. Where had this come from? “I don’t need to go to lunch.”
She felt as though she’d been doused with cold water, numbness spreading from the top of her head down to the tips of her toes. She wanted to dash after Rob, to grab him and the kids and throw them all into the car and just drive, all the way to Canada or maybe the North Pole, as far as they had to in order to be safe…she made herself take a deep breath and glanced at her watch. They had to be at the bus stop in five minutes. She could call after, of course, but she knew already she couldn’t wait that long.
talking was actually quite a good tactic; Sherlock filed this away for future reference.
of fingering first.”
Sherlock really liked this, John realized. Getting bolder, he rubbed over Sherlock’s perineum and was rewarded by another choked sound. Sherlock’s hips had begun moving involuntarily as they did when he was close, so John put on the end-of-show fireworks: pressing his fingers just at the edge of his opening whilst he picked up speed with his other hand. “Oh,” Sherlock gasped, sounding astonished, “oh—“ and he pressed his head down, stifling his cry in the back of the chair as he came.
“Sherlock Holmes.” It came out in a snarl.
“That’s the one she hurt before, isn’t it?” Tom asked.
was quite effective on Sarah—“Oh my God, go, I’ll manage”—so he rang back Lestrade who said, “Brilliant. Sherlock’s going to meet us over there; I’ll be in front of the surgery in five minutes to pick you up.”
Inside, the place reminded John of a midprice chain hotel: beige and anonymous. A pair of agents came already installed, apparently to provide John with anything he might need or to obliterate anyone who threatened him, as the case might be. John refused their offers of food or a lie-down, though he’d been up all night; he was too keyed up and anxious to sleep. He accepted the male agent’s offer of coffee and paced back and forth in the small lounge, intermittently turning on the news and then switching it off again in disgust: Kitty Reilly’s smear piece on Sherlock seemed to be the lead story everywhere.  The waiting was unbearable. John thought he’d learned patience in the army, but this bland limbo was worse than anything he’d endured on his own behalf.
“So--are you worried that it’s more than just rough sex? That he’s being abused, and for whatever reason feels he can’t tell you or get out of the relationship? Or are you worried that he mightn’t understand that he’s being abused?”
The glass was still on the floor when he came down the next morning, of course.
“Ooh.” The clerk winced. He looked down at Sherlock, fidgeting in his pile of books, and lowered himself to sit facing him. “How about I give you a few pointers?”
Harry had to bury her face in her napkin again, giggling so hard she turned bright red, and fortunately at that moment a parade of waiters arrived bearing a birthday cake and singing “Happy Birthday” with credible enthusiasm.
conversations like that.”
“I do want,” Sherlock said with utter sincerity.
London never got really dark, not even very late at night, and when the damaged bit of shrubbery caught his eye Sherlock didn’t even have to squint to make out that something was off over by the little grove of trees. Something dragged over there, he thought, something that had…struggled?
“Where is Planet Baby headquartered?”
“Sorry, Sherlock, I’ve got to go. Listen, I’ll ring you tonight, okay?”
“Yes,” Sherlock groaned, arching up to grind into John’s pajamas.
Sherlock was pleased to discover that yachting was among the pointless activities considered appropriate for omegas. He found several books. Of course, he had no idea what sort of boat smugglers favored, but surely the principles were the same? Sherlock picked the most comprehensible book and took it up to the till, where Molly and Henry were patiently waiting.
Jeff seemed to find this funny as well, which was beginning to annoy Sherlock. Hadn’t they flirted enough? “No offense, but you seem kind of young for a midlife crisis.”
They gossiped about the drivers for a bit as Sherlock ate cake until he got bored and asked, “How were the other lady commanders?”
Sherlock pointed to each letter in turn. “Letters make sounds, sounds make up words. You see? Once you learn the letters, the rest is just practice.”
Moriarty shrugged and placed the gun on the ground. Sherlock stared at him—it couldn’t be that easy—and Moriarty lifted his other hand: “You really don’t want me to put this down though. You know what it is?”
John lay very still. It did not help. “Where am I?”
Sherlock found his pants and trousers and stepped into them. He did not turn around until he had fastened them, buttoned his shirt, and tucked that in as well. John was sitting up on the rug leaning back on his hands, looking bemused.
Sherlock looked up, confused. “Did what?”
He heard a shout and a moment later heard the horrible sound of tyres bumping over rough ground and then the glow of headlights behind him. Sherlock ran faster, hearing his breath panting out in unrecognizable, desperate sobs, because he had no choice: he couldn’t go back. He would die first, find a cliff or a bridge and simply fling himself over. He heard a sharp
“The police in Paris are far more advanced in their scientific methods,” he told John. “I read about them and Mycroft arranged for me to have a tour when we went to France before coming here. It’s fascinating. I’d love to be a detective, but I’m sure Father would think it dreadfully unsuitable. It’s so unfair! Here he spends all this time trying to make sure poor boys have all sorts of new opportunities, but I’m stuck with the same choices I would have had a hundred years ago: clergyman, officer, scholar.”
“Hanged, I imagine.”
“All right now,” he said gently. “Come on in, nice and slow, just as you would to get a specimen, right? Here, take my hand. I’ll be in front of you, you can see how deep the water is that way. There, doesn’t that feel lovely?” Sherlock’s fingers were trembling in his, but, as John knew from their first day at this pond, Sherlock was nothing if not brave. He waded forward with set determination. “Let’s get a bit deeper now, then you can cool off properly.” John led Sherlock until they were waist deep and waited until he finally let go John’s hand, trailing his fingers in the water and beginning to smile.
Sherlock realized that the soap was turning to mush in his hand and the water was growing cold. He rinsed quickly and toweled off, pulling on his softest pyjamas and dressing gown.
“If she turns me down, I’ll be back,” Mick was saying. “But if I’m lucky I won’t see you again tonight and if I’m really lucky not before we ship out!”
“Is that—“
Sherlock shrugged, but he wrapped his fingers around John’s. “You came around after you realized that I provide the best oral sex in London.”
Willfen blinked. “About ten days—who told you I was in Singapore?”
“Never topped, no interest in trying,” Sherlock said promptly.
Molly searched the desk and found nothing but a pen and a few paperclips, which she handed over in case Sherlock found any more locks to pick; Sherlock, who had rather more experience of office furniture with something to hide, swiftly found the secret compartment in the back of the file drawer and the locked cash box inside. He used one of the paperclips and made quick work of the lock. Inside was a handful of silver.
John followed Sherlock into the tasteful-trendy coffee shop, where Sherlock ordered a double espresso for himself and a decaf for John, added an alarming amount of sugar to his, tipped extravagantly, and flashed what John recognized as one of Lestrade’s pilfered IDs. “I need to ask you a few questions,” he said sternly.
“A flasher,” John said, and they all collapsed into giggles. Sherlock put on the cap, looked in the mirror, scowled, and put it away.
“Is his Lordship expecting trouble?” Rouncewell asked. He was watching John clean the revolver.
“Of course not.” Mycroft was back to smooth now, his bland voice giving nothing away. “Give me some credit as a negotiator. If he achieved a successful outcome, he would be pardoned—that was the official agreement.”
For the first time Sherlock realized that John was angry too. He was just much, much better at hiding it.
Sherlock stared. No. This was not—she could not possibly be suggesting that. “Trevor. Are you saying that Moriarty altered time by going into his own past and killing himself?”
Sherlock nodded as though he had expected this. “Anything you see on the telly would likely be local, I take it.”
John sighed, but he supposed there was not a lot of trouble Sherlock could get up to; his only visitor seemed to be Simon, who would not do anything to startle Sherlock. “You swear to me you won’t take it out of your rooms?”
“Jesus, no!”
“…with a complete and rapid recovery. Yes, I thought so as well. The broken blood vessels around your eyes are a nice touch, makes it look as though you were vomiting quite a lot.”
Mycroft woke in the middle of the night to the sound of his phone ringing, an event that never failed to send terror spiking through him: this was it, this was the call he had been dreading his entire adult life.
“The sad thing is, the building next door’s been vacant for years,” she said. “Foreclosed. We applied to the council months ago but we’ve heard nothing. If we had that, we could double our availability. Bureaucracy.”
“Do you want to check it? I could, but I assume that you would rather I not.”
--He never left the compound.
“Just didn’t fancy eating alone, then,” Nick said, nodding. “I know how that goes.”
“It’s in the fridge, you git, if you’d told me you were going out I could have—how do you know I’ve got Chinese?”
Agra realized she had never seen a picture of Sherlock Holmes. He didn’t look particularly exciting in the photo. “So, what, because he got in your way on this smuggling thing? No.” She saw it now, in the depths of his rage, the picture. “You know him, don’t you? You recognized the picture.”
“What is that you have there?”
OD!” Sherlock shouted, completely losing his temper.
“Well, yes, although I doubt he’ll be pursuing that angle particularly hard,” John said dryly.
The doctor had been right—the tiny rod under the skin of his upper arm had looked exactly the same as Mycroft’s, though now it was long gone, of course. Soldiers in the field still had rut blockers, and low ranking alphas still took modulators on a day-to-day basis, but omegas no longer had any protection at all.
“I can’t afford the blue one, I never should have tried it on.”
cake and loved it. He got sunburnt. He considered abandoning the sweatshirt, but shipped it home to London instead: he could see lounging around in it on cold winter nights, over his pyjamas, when there was absolutely no chance of anyone seeing him in it.
“Yeah, all right. I got her to tell me what she likes best.”
“Oh,” Sherlock gasped. “Oh, it’s…”
John grinned. “Jolly good. Off to bed now, there’s a good chap.”
“Nothing, it’s entirely dark. The moon hasn’t risen yet. And anyway it’s raining, so you probably couldn’t see anything even if it had. Here.” There was a rustling, and a click, and then John heard a low soft rushing. “There’s the wind. And the rain.”
John yelped in shock. Part of his mind--the part that was already terrified of discovery--noted that they were putting on quite a show for B dorm, but the vast majority was just desperate for
John had picked up the weekend care centre coverage when he took the new job—it had kept the weekends from dragging at any rate. The irony was that for once in his life he didn’t need the money. He had plenty from Mary’s life insurance and the sale of the house, and Mrs. Hudson wouldn’t let him pay any rent since Mycroft was still covering the whole thing. (He’d tried to bring this up once with Mycroft, who merely said “Don’t be absurd” and changed the subject.) Now, however, he wanted his weekends free to visit Sherlock.
“Hmm.” Ella touched her pen to her lips, thinking. “People respond to victimization in all sorts of ways, John, as you know. It’s possible he feels a need to assert control over that part of your relationship.”
determined to flirt with him lately? He responded to the rest of Teddy’s conversational overtures with distracted
“All right, now kneel up here.”
He couldn’t see her face, but he could hear the affront in her voice. “I beg your pardon?”
“I had a really nice time with you,” Michael said softly. “Really nice. I don’t usually say this, but if you’re ever in LA…”
“Morris, sir,” John answered, thinking quickly. Heads nodded in swift agreement.
“Well, really, I’m always supposed to be in bed when I’m here,” Sherlock said, standing to tug off his boots and trousers. “But I have permission tonight, of a sorts, and if you’ll budge over I’ll be
“You okay?” John asked after a while, filling in a series of numbers on his Sudoku. “You’re usually asleep by now, and you’re twitching like mad. Are you hurting?”
John blinked, trying to force his eyes to adjust to the darkness. Of course it wasn’t a ghost; ghosts didn’t lock doors. It was the omega, whom John had never seen out of his heavy red habit. But what was the ancillus doing out of his…
of a cousin.”
“Oh shit,” John said suddenly, frowning in the direction of the house. “Somebody’s given Harry champagne. Sit tight, will you? I’ll be right back.”
“Wow.” Michael was staring at Sherlock, his glass of wine forgotten in his hand. “That’s…that’s amazing, I know exactly what you—“
On a bitterly cold night in January, Sherlock was frowning over a stack of old arrest reports on his desk when he heard the bell go downstairs. He almost ignored it—occasionally clients still turned up, even though he had posted what amounted to a “Closed for business” notice on the website, and they were notoriously hard to get rid of—but the bell sounded again and it belatedly occurred to him that it might be John without his keys, so he went down.
“John, why don’t you take a break. Get some fresh clothing.” Sherlock was going to have to face this particular music sooner or later, and since he still had the oxygen cannula on perhaps Donovan wouldn’t actually punch him in the face.
“I’m afraid I am not acquainted with the person to whom you refer,” Mycroft said, which John hoped meant that she had vanished into a new identity and not been terminated when her usefulness was over. Or maybe he would prefer that she be terminated, actually. Mycroft turned to Sherlock, who had not stopped his agitated pacing. “If you would like to make yourself useful, there remain several fragments of Moriarty’s more far-flung operations still active in more distant parts of the world that need seeing to.”
The climax was so good John literally saw stars. When his vision cleared he was draped over Sherlock’s back, panting, still gripping Sherlock’s hips. He groaned and slid sideways, taking them down on their sides still joined together, like a scandalous version of their usual sleeping position. Perfect, John thought hazily; he reached for Sherlock’s hard cock and slipped his still-slick fist over the head as he pressed his thighs against Sherlock’s to keep himself inside as long as possible. It didn’t take much. A few pumps of John’s hand and Sherlock was crying out into his own arm, trying to muffle the sound as he sobbed out his release.
“Mrs. Hudson!” he bellowed, leaning out over the landing again. “Need a box.”
“Hmm,” Mycroft said, looking thoughtful. “Actually, there is a member of the Russian trade delegation…”
“Like a tank engine, I suppose? Looks like he has the brains of a tank engine, doesn’t he?”
“Good news,” Dr. Woodcourt said, smiling down at Sherlock. “I have received a note from Bart’s in reply to the letter which I sent to the headmaster. It appears that since your departure things have reached a woeful state in the storerooms, with food in particular in inexplicably short supply. The man in charge of the cellars, a Mr. Peters, has apparently implored Mr. Brocklehurst to restore you to your previous position, so he was well-disposed to receive my plea. Mr. Brocklehurst writes that you may resume your duties in the storeroom as soon as you are able and they look forward to your quick recovery.”
Sherlock skimmed through it and tossed it back. “Boring,” he said and carried his phone into the kitchen so he could turn on the kettle.  “Tea?” Truthfully the missing banker did not look completely devoid of interest, but it had Moriarty’s fingerprints all over it, and Sherlock had the strong feeling that it would be best to avoid drawing his attention to Sherlock’s recently changed circumstances.
“Jessica Rucastle,” Sherlock said dully. “She didn’t do this alone.”
“So. You put the drugs in the milk. You came back up after the maids were in bed and Hosea was probably half unconscious by then—he couldn’t have put up much of a struggle, anyway—and you cut his wrists. Obvious. Hosea’s right handed, anyone can see that, so he would have cut his left wrist first, but you cut his right: it’s on the outside, far easier to reach. Impossible to mistake, look at the blood on the floor, far more on the right than the left; and look at the cuts as well: it’s clear from the depth that whoever did the cutting began proximally, closer to the elbow, and drew the knife toward the hand.” Sherlock held out his hand and drew a finger along his wrist to demonstrate. “No one would cut their own wrist that way, but you would if you were cutting someone else’s wrist.”
On Ash Wednesday Sherlock knelt in the chapel, already feeling a sharp twist of anxiety and disappointment, and ran his fingers under the polished wood of the rail. He was so sure nothing would be there that he almost didn’t register the little bump of plastic fixed to the wood. Holding his breath almost without realizing it, Sherlock pried it loose and pulled it out to see;
“Nobody said anything interesting though,” Effie told Sherlock. “They were all talking about how this helps
“Ice chips,” Mycroft said, sounding pleased at being able to deny him something, and filled a cup.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Romance is a social construct around a biological—“
John went home after the cemetery. He felt peaceful but a little melancholy, not really in the mood for company. He thought about walking in the park for a bit—the day was so bright and sunny--but that seemed too self-consciously maudlin.
“What special session?”
Molly called thirty seconds later, hysterical, and Sherlock wrapped his arms tightly around himself and chewed his bottom lip to shreds while John talked to her soothingly for ten minutes until she began sobbing helplessly and an unfamiliar voice shouted into the phone, “We’ve got her, we’ve got her, this is Patel from the bomb squad, she’s safe.”
Sherlock went still, eyes flickering rapidly at something only he could see, and John felt that clenching at his heart again. “Oh,” Sherlock said suddenly, hands and eyes both opening wide at once. “
“Then let’s go,” Sherlock said, dropping his cup and leaping to his feet with alacrity. “You can tell me the rest in the car.”
You did!”
John looked at Sherlock, who was now pacing off the distance from the bird to where John had been standing when he shot it, muttering to himself. “Anybody touches him it will be over my dead body,” he said without raising his voice.
“Ob-ob-ob--” Sherlock’s teeth were chattering too badly to finish. John got the rest of his clothes off and went for blankets. Naked, Sherlock resembled nothing so much as a drowned mollusk turfed from its shell, skin blue-white and wrinkled.
Instead there was what felt like hours of Rowan groaning behind him, dripping sweat onto Sherlock’s back, pounding away at Sherlock’s raw backside. “Touch yourself, I want to feel you come,” Rowan panted, thrusting harder with enthusiasm at this thought. Sherlock obediently braced his weight on his left arm and worked his hand down, but he knew it was hopeless; he was soft and wilted with discomfort and disappointment. Rowan didn’t seem to notice. He’d said “God, you’re so tight,” and “God, your arse,” and that had been the extent of the sweet talk, but he was clearly enjoying himself hugely, and Sherlock told himself that was the important thing.
Sherlock eyed her narrowly, looking for a trap, didn’t see one. “Of course. I wasn’t a monk back
Janine gave him a pointed stare. “What do you want?”
“Which one of you worked out how to circumvent the alarm systems?” Sherlock asked, trying to wrest back control of the conversation. It was really the only clever part of the whole affair.
“And who is the contact in Afghanistan?”
Sherlock opened his eyes and blinked into the darkness. He’d been half asleep, but now he felt wide awake, as though Captain Watson had somehow materialized in the room with him. “You first.”
“Who’s on top?” John may not have studied these things in school, but he had once been the youngest of a pack of stableboys, and knew how it worked.
Back at the inn, John stared disconsolately at his suitcase before impulsively slamming it shut and heading for Sherlock’s room. “Let’s stay over until tomorrow. We could have dinner at that place in the village, relax a little bit…”
“I should have spoken to Greaves when he was here last week,” Sherlock muttered, clearly annoyed with himself. “Now he won’t be back for ages, and we’ll have to have clothes, and a place to stay, but I’m not sure we can trust--”
“What are you talking about? It’s my page.”
John stood up abruptly and went to the window. Sherlock closed his good eye and bit his mangled lip. There was a hateful trembling in his stomach. John would leave now, John who had held his hand through the night, who had called him
Until Florence, Sherlock thought that life could not possibly improve on the night he had gained a sidekick and a nemesis all at once. He was wrong. Being in love was better than having an archenemy, better than any crime he had ever solved, any drug he had ever taken,
Meg was nodding. Sherlock said, “He’s actually tried that, hasn’t he.”
John had texted back.
“Sherlock!” John banged irritably at the door. “Did you fall into your mind palace or something? I need the loo.”
“Coming along. I do have other things on my plate, you know. Including tidying up after your usual foibles…Baskerville, for instance. Really
“Go to my study,” Mr. Brocklehurst said, deadly calm. “Now.”
John had been working with the colts, and had been missed carriage duty. “Can I help?”
Sherlock nodded. “You thought they’d assume he got away before they arrived.”
“Ah,” Sherlock breathed in pleased surprise. “Of course.” They reached the door and he handed John a torch, reaching in his pocket for his lockpicks. John leaned against the wall, keeping the torch steady on the lock, letting the half-forgotten scent of grass and sweat stir the adrenaline humming in his nerve endings:
“It’s a long shot and it’s going to take some time, but it’s all I’ve got right now. Are you doing okay?”
He heard a scrape of chair legs and then a tentative hand on his shoulder. “It’s all right. Really, Sherlock, I understand now, I’m not angry.”
“It’s much closer to London than Reigate Abbey. If Sherlock decides to return to his former profession, you could keep it as a weekend house, or sell it. If not…I think he could be happy writing music there.” Mycroft flipped past the first page, which showed a ridiculously charming little cottage overgrown with wild roses. “There’s a room downstairs currently used as a study that could easily be used as a bedroom until Sherlock is able to manage stairs again. The kitchen has been recently updated…”
“Of course I have,” Sherlock snapped.
“John,” Sherlock said seriously, pulling his head back to look at him, “one of us is clearly a very bad influence on the other, but I’m not sure which is which.”
“Nothing is more important. Not to me. Not anymore.”
Moriarty, you have been all along.”
to come, okay?  I mean, eventually. Right now I think he just needs some space.”
“We have to go to the village, get help--”
Sherlock somehow managed to roll his eyes and glare at the same time. “Mrs. Hudson made me croissants this week, and you’ve eaten one. I can tell by the crumbs in your jumper.”
“That’s all very well, but I don’t hold with omegas moping about indoors all day. It’s not healthy. Why we haven’t yet had a happy announcement, I shouldn’t wonder! You’ll be taking your constitutional every afternoon rain or shine now I’m in charge.”
Anthea stood up abruptly and headed to the door. The phone was still in her hand.
“You’ll—“
“I also told him that rehab would work. If he wanted it to. And only if he really wanted it.”
“No.”
“And the covers on the bed were blue too. You had a ship in a bottle,” Mycroft said, his voice distant and unexpectedly fond. “And a spyglass.”
Sherlock put the books on Commander Pitts’ account. Under the guise of arranging them more efficiently in his carrier bag he pulled the dust jackets off
“John!”
“John,” Sherlock said abruptly, too loud.
“I didn’t mean to kill him,” Matthew said, muffled. “It was an accident.”
A whole month clean, and no one thought to remark on it? Why wasn’t Mycroft here with a cake? Sherlock deliberately did not think of the person he really wanted to take notice, the person who would certainly be calling later that night full of praise for Sherlock’s accomplishment. He did not think of him at all.
Michael slid Sherlock’s jacket off him and placed it gently over the chair back and then tugged Sherlock toward the bedroom, pausing in the doorway to kiss him again. He toed off his shoes and Sherlock followed suit, then let Michael pull him down on the bed. He was a little panicky, but at first it wasn’t any different from kissing standing up—only better, because Michael didn’t have to bend down. They were could wrap around each other completely now, chest to chest, and in spite of trying to ignore them new words began to marble around in his head again, words like
when Roz touched his elbow.“What did you mean before? What’s not right?”
“I’m going out,” John informed him. “Want to come with?”
“So what do you think?” Michael asked when he’d finished smiling and signing autographs and the restaurant finally settled back down and let them alone.
“Climbed down from the roof,” Sherlock said truthfully.
“I want him,” Mary said decisively, as soon as Watson left.
“I take it back, sister. You can do that
Sherlock listened, getting more and more agitated as John explained the new plan. “But you must write right away!” he exclaimed in a vehement whisper. “We have to go as soon as possible now that Irene has established the situation in London. Edinburgh! She mustn’t stay in Edinburgh. I’m fine, I’ll be completely recovered by the time she returns.”
pride in his voice.
No one seemed to have been poisoned. Had he missed something? Sherlock lay in his smelly room, wondering, until he finally fell asleep.
Now Sherlock’s eyes dropped. His mouth twisted. “Not much of a reason anymore.”
“A toast,” Danny said hopefully, and Mr. Gregson ladled out the mulled wine so they could all raise a cup and chorus “Lord Sherlock” before diving into the box to try on the gloves.
“I was
John made Tank’s seven-finger gesture. “You’ll work it out. You’re Seven! What are you going to do with the rest of that?”
“No. I mean, do you seriously expect me to believe your father knows that you are sneaking out in the middle of the night to go to France
Sherlock looked away for a moment and then back at John, visibly steeling himself. “It’s impossible to get out of London with the travel rules. You know that, yes? I can’t leave unless I’m with the Commander or an abbess.”
“You didn’t have a brother.”
“Good?” Sherlock asked with a world of self-satisfaction in his voice.
“No, I think that’s all we’ve got to say,” John said with equal smoothness, standing. “How about I show you out.”
Sherlock blinked. “What?”
“What do you want to do? Do you want to see him?”
me,” Sherlock demanded. “I’ve been waiting my whole life for this.”
John definitely cared, and he was clearly enjoying himself as much as Sherlock. He groaned every time Sherlock whimpered and arched, rubbing his own erection against Sherlock’s outflung thigh; he kissed him long and deep, stroked his aching cock, and crooned as he pushed three fingers deep into Sherlock’s body: “Look at you, you’re incredible, I can’t wait to be this deep inside you.”
“Ohh.” Understanding seemed to be dawning. “So they don’t all manage to, er…”
“She didn’t hear anything. She was asleep,” Sherlock said. “That’s not why she’s important. What’s important is why she was there.”
“He is,” Sherlock said, taking another sip of tea. Better. God, this was boring. He’d actually been looking forward to this? He considered a cucumber sandwich, decided he wasn’t hungry.
“Secret passage, with a peephole. The Hall’s full of them. When I was young I hid behind what I thought was Aunt Wilkes’ room and tried to make her believe it was haunted, but I misjudged either my location or the frightening quality of my ghostly moans, and was rumbled by the housekeeper.”
A few mornings later Effie followed Phillips into Sherlock’s bedroom and set his tray on the small table, dawdling a moment as though to adjust the position. When Phillips turned toward the bathroom, she tapped the edge of the saucer very lightly with one finger and turned away to the fireplace. Sherlock glanced at the bathroom, where Phillips was still adjusting the taps, and lifted the teacup to reveal a tiny scrap of newspaper. He palmed it swiftly and poured the tea. Effie bobbed a curtsey and left without another glance and Phillips came out, pulling the draperies back and going to the wardrobe to bring out Sherlock’s clothes. Sherlock bit into his toast and waited. Finally Phillips went back into the bath and Sherlock held up the bit of paper, on which was written in a miniscule print:
“I think it was more that Dad thought he’d like to see his kids a bit more often. He’d nothing against the military; he was quite chuffed when I joined.”
“Surprisingly often,” Sherlock said, dropping the smile and sitting upright again. “Apologies, I failed to take the Watson perceptiveness into account. Please do tell stories about John as a child though.”
Sherlock squeezed his eyes tightly shut. Part of the answer was obvious—being back here so soon after the last time, with the pain and weakness and having to be grateful he was
Molly shook her head sadly. “What you really mean is that there will be a lot of gay men for me to make a fool of myself over.”
“Tell me truly now, are you going to get in trouble for leaving your cousin?”
The next few hours were a bit chaotic; Sherlock rang Mycroft, who rang back about ten minutes later to inform Sherlock that a highly regarded defense barrister with absolutely no official connection to the government was on his way, with specific instructions to keep Aimee Lister from mentioning Regal Florist. “Just stick with the club story, the police don’t have enough imagination to doubt it,” Sherlock told her.
“That too.” John smiled into his eyes.
“Left? Where am I going?”
Sherlock looked down at himself. “I think it’s for the dry cleaner. Or maybe the bin.”
Sherlock, who was so rarely sure of his own feelings, had no doubts whatsoever now. He took John’s face into his own hands, looked into his eyes, and said with total, soul-deep sincerity, ”I love you.”
“Those kids,” Sherlock said, changing the subject. “Are they…”
Sherlock leaned forward and said swiftly, “Tell them we’re Eyes on an urgent undercover mission. They mustn’t breathe a word to anyone.”
Jesus, this was, this was—John felt that his brain was rapidly losing control of the situation. BDSM fantasies notwithstanding, John had vaguely assumed that Sherlock kissing would be like Sherlock doing anything else: bossy and domineering. This version of Sherlock, practically swooning in his arms like a pulp heroine begging to be ravished, had not figured into his imagination at all. But he liked it—
“Music
The garden
“That village has a jail, doesn’t it?”
By the time he was on his second drink Sherlock had settled on an affable, tweedy man with a ginger beard named Jeff, both because he was the only person over thirty who hadn’t immediately started talking about beer and because he hadn’t yet been with a bearded man and wanted to see what it was like.
Sherlock frowned. “What did you tell him?”
Sherlock shook his head. “Unlikely. Even if the fetus survived an unskilled and traumatic Caesarian section, it would have taken considerable effort to keep it alive and there is no indication that our killer had any desire to do so. In the unlikely event that the infant did survive, it almost certainly died of exposure or suffocation.” The words were harsh, but his tone was gentle. “I’m sorry.”
Sherlock woke next morning feeling surprisingly un-terrible. His head ached, and his mouth had a thick unpleasant sort of furriness to it, but otherwise not bad; he’d been in much worse shape after John’s stag night. He had a vague memory of Lestrade standing over him whilst he downed several glasses of water, which he supposed explained the absence of a more punishing hangover. He felt even better after a shower. Out in the flat, Sherlock discovered more evidence of Lestrade’s solicitous presence: a blanket folded on the sofa and a note on the table next to a bottle of paracetamol: “TAKE THIS AND DRINK MORE WATER, YOU’LL THANK ME LATER.”
“Well, that part is true anyway,” one of the soldiers said and there was a ripple of laughter.
“So guess,” John said cheerfully. The matter hadn’t come up again, although John knew Sherlock hadn’t forgotten it; he’d just dropped it like a penny into some kind of mind palace wishing well, from whence it would eventually come gushing out like a geyser. They had enjoyed a few more sessions with the tights before both tights and Sherlock’s hamstring had fallen victim to an ill-advised jete. That had been the end of the ballet adventures. “I’ll give you a hint. It had to do with a place like this.”
“Tomorrow.” Sherlock blinked, clearly forcing his eyes to focus, and laid the violin tenderly in its case. “Tonight I want kissing.”
John flinched and it was Sherlock who leapt to his feet, unable to stay sitting a moment longer. He strode toward the kitchen with no clear goal in mind—his mug was still half full—and stood for a second staring blankly around the cupboards before snatching up a packet of biscuits and striding back out to the lounge. John had stood up and was staring at him in some concern.
Young Tom paused for a moment, clearly uncomfortable, and then said in a whisper, “I hear tell that they put it in each other’s mouths too.”
“I told you it would be messy,” John said.
Lestrade felt this was the sort of question that answered itself. “Because look where you are, idiot! Why the hell didn’t you take John?”
“No, wait--” He sat up fast, grabbing at Dr. Woodcourt’s sleeve--Dr. Woodcourt who was turning away, cradling Sherlock’s limp form. “No, please, don’t take him yet, please--” The cry seemed wrung from the bottom of his chest.
broken enough.”
Scrap whimpered when John lifted his arm to fix the tourniquet, but he did not respond at all to the bite and burn of the injection. John took the tourniquet off and put his hand in Scrap’s hair again. “Scrap?” he whispered. “I don’t know those prayers you’re saying, but I know the Our Father. Do you know that one? Catholics say that too, don’t they? Shall we say it together?”
Dr. Woodcourt was delighted to teach them. “The Blastburn Medical College,” he said, smiling. “I’ve already learned a lot from teaching Molly, so you two are the beneficiaries. I’m going to have you read this anatomy book to start, so Molly can carry on with the books she’s using currently, and you can join us on afternoon rounds whenever you’ve finished your duties.”
Madagascar? Never mind: Sherlock was not immune to the attraction of a tasty sweet himself, and Cook was not very knacky at making do with what she had.
They took the radio, a pile of blankets, and another cup of tea, and sat on the point looking out to the west. The sun had sunk into an unmoving red glow. Sherlock fiddled with the radio dial, killing time until the hour he was supposed to get the signal, but he heard only a brief snatch of conversation in what John said was Gaelic. The main frequency from Glasgow was broadcasting some sort of folk music. “Are these songs about the first Jacobite rising?”
“Like the Dread Pirate Roberts?” Donovan.
“What, that lot you think were involved with kidnapping John last year?”
Sherlock knew better than to resume all his usual activities; slipping down to the Commander’s study in the dead of night would be an exceedingly bad idea if the Commander himself had a nurse keeping vigil. Still, at least he could read again. He’d finished the contraband history book and started on
“You’re English!” Michael said, apparently delighted. “Viv didn’t say anything about that. Do you still live in England?”
“Do your friends know you still piss the bed?” he asked in a clear, carrying voice, twisting around to look at Bruce over his shoulder and nearly dislocating his arm.
John pulled his fingers out and took Sherlock’s buttocks in both hands, pulling them apart as he lined himself up. He had to slide down so far in the seat that his face was next to Sherlock’s. “Sherlock,” he whispered. “Take a big breath. Now blow out.”
“There’s no toxin I know of that could do this,” Sherlock said. He was still looming over John and frowning at the corpse, not kneeling next to him as he usually did; he must have been over the whole thing already. “And I know every toxin available.”
And he stomped off.
He remembered now. A.E. Housman, the poet laureate of repressed homosexuals.
“I run away and I tell you.”
as he thrust again and then everything was warmth and wet and incandescent bliss.
“Oh!” Definitely disappointment. Some things never changed, John thought wryly.
“Yes.”
“Good. Now keep rubbing, it’s me grinding down on you, pushing you into the bed, and now I’m kissing your neck…you really like when I kiss your neck, don’t you.”
“Still,” Mycroft said, rallying, “Sherlock isn’t in any position to engage in…
“Oh, he’s not—okay, he is. So how did everything go?”
“Rosemary Allen,” Sherlock said to John. “Worked for a pharmaceutical company, retired some years ago. Mycroft checked tax records and she lives in a cottage near the sea now—not in Brighton any longer. Guess what she was working on.”
John did not go back to sleep, but he was so depressed and listless that he was almost late for morning chores anyway. His heavy spirits went unnoticed--everyone tended to be silent in the morning. He perked up a little over breakfast, enough to notice the tell tale signs that something was up. Len and Davy were whispering together and occasionally bursting into suppressed giggles, while the Gregsons looked pinched and worried, and Annie was uncharacteristically quiet.
Sherlock turned without another word and ducked into the cave. John followed him to the entrance and saw Sherlock had curled himself into a tight, anguished ball at the back. John hesitated, but there was nothing he could do, so he stepped quietly away and went to see to the horses.
“Have you had anything to drink?”
“What on earth are you wearing?”
“No, mine had the custard, it was in the winter. Yours was in the summer, you had the strawberries and whipped cream. Don’t you remember?”
When John Watson walked in Mary had to fight hard to keep her face blank. She honestly hadn’t put it together when she read the name on his CV. Watson hadn’t ever particularly interested her before—her boss was the one with the Sherlock Holmes obsession; she just aimed the rifle—but she had seen him at the pool, of course, and nobody could miss the news coverage the past six months. Hopefully he’d chalk it up to that, if he noticed anything.
John swiftly did off his nightshirt--pulling out his cherished letter first--and passed it to Sherlock, then began pulling on his own pile of clothing. He too had evening dress, he realized, but mystifyingly it all seemed to be gold in color. The trousers went on easily enough but the shirt bewildered him. How was one supposed to fasten it?
Mycroft was a good bit less enlightened in reality than he’d been in Sherlock’s drug-fueled mind palace. He took a fair amount of persuasion.
When the laughter had finally tapered off and they were trying to catch their breath, foreheads pressed together, John said quietly, “You knew at dinner, didn’t you.”
“Last bit’s for you, and then tuck it up in the ceiling,” Pip told him. The boy upended the bottle over his open mouth, swallowed the scant mouthful, and nimbly climbed up to the top of the window, where he balanced precariously whilst he pushed open a small flap of loose plaster and shoved the incriminating bottle inside.
He turned back and went inside, picturing John in the car, hearing his voice in his head: “Sherlock, don’t, get back here—we don’t know where you’re going, we can’t see you!”
“You’ll give him my love, and tell him I expect him back here next Christmas,” Mrs. Hudson said firmly. “Oh…” she looked at John sadly, and John knew she was feeling desperately sorry for him: family gone, best friend….well.  “I know the country air’s meant to be helping him, but it’s not right, him being away from Baker Street.”
Sherlock stood still in the center of the room. This was somehow worse than the last time; he felt flayed, as though every inch of him that had been pressed to John’s warmth had been left raw and exposed. At least I’m dry, he thought, trying the thought on for reassurance, but there was no comfort in it, and no matter how close he got to the fire he could not seem to get warm again.
“Take care of him, please?”
It is commonly associated with WWI, although the most famous story about it—that Vaughn Williams began composing it while watching troops depart from Margate, and was arrested because he was assumed to be a spy making notes on troop numbers—is probably apocryphal.
Mary cocked her head as though surprised by the question. “To apologize.”
“Is it just us or is Sherlock coming?”
“Dr. Madden, you provided the startup funding for Delphi Biotech, correct?” Sherlock asked, laying on some hauteur of his own.
“Race?” John asked, and Sherlock brightened.
“No, it is bloody well
John moved to the refrigerator and stared into it blankly. Sherlock had never been stiff after visiting Moran before, not like this, not that John had noticed.  A phrase he’d heard before, had maybe even said himself, kept running though his head—
Sherlock shrugged. “We didn’t have an understanding of any kind then. What could I say? But now that we...you won’t…” His forehead was creased and he began to cough.
“I’m not in
“Well, you’re more than welcome here. Come on,” John said, going to the bed.
Sherlock tried to smile. He took the bottle, but his hand was shaking so badly he couldn’t raise it. The tremors seemed to come from his very core. Arslan closed his hand gently over Sherlock’s and guided the bottle to his mouth, but something was wrong: his mouth would not close around the bottle. Arslan tipped it, dribbling a little water onto Sherlock’s parched tongue, and he swallowed gratefully.  He managed about half the bottle before Arslan pulled it away.
”Yeah, same as always. No, wait.” The young man frowned. “He was here, but he left out the back door. Which was kind of weird. I mean, it’s not against the rules, but no one does it in the evening. The car park is out front and so is the main road. Kids do it in the morning sometimes, because there’s a secondary school back there.”
“Er,” John said. “I suppose not. Does the poltergeist, ah, make noise? Thumping or anything?”
John was far enough out now that he saw the brief flash of shocked hurt in Lord Sherlock’s eyes before his face went cold and aloof again. He turned away with a shrug, saying, “Go on then, at least you’ve made it easier when things go missing in this area later today. I would be careful in those boots though, Daniel, the prints will be even more distinctive than the last time you were caught. Did you try to mend them yourself? Rather a mistake, I should think. Funny, your brother always has new boots, do you think your father favors him because he’s so much more likeable than you are or because he knows you’re likely a bastard? You do realize it’s the worst kept—“
John was staring at him, perplexed. “Sherlock?”
“I--can stand up--and you can’t” he shouted, whereupon John dove under and knocked into his knees, and they both went down again. John backstroked, kicking water in Sherlock’s face as he chased after him, then got his feet down and stood up.
“I’m here,” John whispered. “I’m right here, love.”
“They say that lot used to work for the Irishman,” the bouncer said, rubbing his huge neck. “They claim to provide the same types of services, but they’re a bit small-scale so far. Nothing big that I know of.”
Sherlock’s usual vocabulary tended toward the clinical and occasionally the endearingly euphemistic, so it always turned John on to hear him swear, but hearing him say
Sherlock lifted one shoulder in a half shrug, turning away and stacking notebooks in a box. Sherlock never tidied; he was being evasive. Well, John thought, that’s my answer right there. Best not to push. He slipped out into the hall to phone Sylvie.
John stared at him incredulously and Sherlock looked back, all wide-eyed solemnity, and suddenly the ridiculousness of all of it struck John and he burst out laughing, clapping his hand over his mouth to muffle the sound. Sherlock began to chuckle as well, leaning forward so their faces were almost touching and murmuring, “Shhh, shhh…”
“Unlikely,” Sherlock agreed.
“—be a minute,” John finished, turning his smile on Sherlock with a gleam of teeth that made the expression much more like a snarl. “Right behind you.”
John huffed a small laugh against his palm. “Can’t reach it, you great giraffe.”
John had said. Maybe follow the Mississippi down to New Orleans; John had never been, they would need a car, not a motorbike…a convertible! They would hire a convertible. Everyone always thought he should be driving one anyway. They would go to New Orleans and have hurricanes and mad drunken sex and then go for beignets and
himself.
“Girls,” Hobbes said automatically and then, cottoning on, “
have you. A prize like this? Gorgeous, brilliant—“ and there it was, the hot color rising in Sherlock’s cheeks. John was suddenly suffused with joy that he could do this, could pull Sherlock into his arms and stroke his hair and say, “You
When the maid came to collect his tray—it was Effie this time, the stolid, boring one—she said, “Oh, are you ill?”
Sherlock hesitated, but then he looked at John and said, “Ian Braithewaite.”
,” Ricoletti said again, grabbing Sherlock’s arm and yanking. Sherlock stumbled in his surprise and practically fell into the kitchen, whereupon Ricoletti shoved him out of the way and nipped out the door with surprising agility.
You are once again jumping to the easiest and most pathetic cliché imaginable.” Sherlock threw himself back down onto the sofa again.
“No. listen, I do need you, and I’ve got permission from Pitts,” Lestrade said earnestly. “There’s a dead omega and it’s almost certainly suicide, but the alpha won’t believe it, and…well, it’s complicated. “
“And now you know you can stand up,” John said, unrepentant. “Now let’s do it again.”
“I take it you’ve moved on?”
can’t I go,” Sherlock finally demanded sulkily, slumping back in his chair.
“Oh, it’s so lovely and warm in here. Yes. At the end of my long and highly unpleasant discussion with Mycroft this evening he told me that if I planned to, as he put it, ‘go visiting’ tonight that he would prefer me to use the door, as my usual method of egress was likely to be icy and dangerous.”
“I don’t think we should do this anymore,” Sherlock said in the car when Rowan picked him up for lunch that Sunday. “I’ve exams soon, I need to study.”
“What happened to the last mouse?”
“No, he’s in the Colonies for some reason, it’s his deputy.”
,” he snapped, and then whimpered when John leaned forward and ran his lube-coated palm over Sherlock’s cock.
“Not me. He was still out when I got home. I texted, but never heard back. Finally went to bed.” John sighed. “Had my speech all planned out and everything.” A speech he now couldn’t give. If only,
and turned to the wall, stepping one foot on Arslan’s laced hands and bracing a hand on his shoulder as he heaved himself up. He got his hands on the top of the wall, felt Arslan push, and he was up, balancing briefly on top of the wall before dropping down on the inside. He crouched, feeling horribly exposed on the lighted grass as he ran bent over toward the door.
John stood still for minute taking that in, and then he surged forward and grabbed Sherlock to pull him down for a kiss. It was true. Sherlock was free—or as free as an Earl’s brother could be, anyway. He could be John’s. Sherlock kissed him back, winding his long arms around John and pressing to him tightly. After a moment he pulled back, breathing heavily, hair already disheveled.
(See the end of the chapter for
Who is looking for you?”
Birch Farm Kennels was lovely. They got a personal tour from the owner herself, a cheery older woman with a quivering ball of fluff tucked in one arm. Sherlock cranked the drama queen up to eleven and insisted on inspecting every square inch. John trailed along, nodding politely whenever a comment was directed his way and trying not to snigger, and eventually Sherlock declared himself satisfied and booked a stay for his standard poodle Mycroft for the following weekend.
“No. I was going to get the fish for you, as you’re meant to be eating more omega-three fatty acids, but I know pregnant women sometimes have strong aversions to seafood so thought I’d better wait. You look wonderful.”
“So, I suppose we won’t be able to meet here next weekend,” John said slowly.
“I’m here, beautiful, I’m right here.” John was massaging over the head of his own leaking cock, thinking that phone sex at least offered the advantage of being able to talk to Sherlock at the same time as he was supposedly tonguing his arse.  “Now slide your finger in, just a little, I’m getting you all loose and wet. Is it all right? Yeah? Now all the way, I’m sliding my finger in you, and touch yourself with your other hand, I’m sucking your cock whilst I do it.”
“Crowds,” Sherlock said after a while, without opening his eyes.
“Mrs. Sym-Smith, the Army of the 99% is a fiction,” Sherlock said crisply. “I explained this to the police yesterday. Your husband has been targeted in an effort to get the companies his bank is financing out of competition.”
Mycroft glared at him. “This matter—“
Sherlock sighed loudly. “Fine. What happened to the Ukrainians, brother dear?”
“Are there?” Sherlock asked, flipping through the Bible. “I like oranges. Save those and give the rest away. There’s sure to be wine and beef tea and other horrid things the other invalids will appreciate far more than I.”
Mycroft was eying the vending machines along the far wall and wondering at what point he was going to get that desperate when the doctor strode through the waiting area door. The doctor was tall and thin, with dark eyes, but his manner reminded Mycroft indefinably of John Watson.  He settled opposite Mycroft and handed him a stack of paper. “That’s what we have so far,” he said.
“I’m fine, I slept on the plane,” Sherlock said. It was true enough. He hadn’t slept at all the preceding two nights—too upset about John—so he’d dropped off almost before the plane was off the ground, although he’d only slept an hour or so. “You’ve talked with them already?”
“Why?”
“Two?” Sherlock said sharply.
Just when Sherlock was thinking they’d best be getting back to the business of his buttons John pulled away again and said, “Do you mind if I just freshen up a bit? This is a momentous occasion. I’ve been on planes for bloody ever, and I don’t want to spoil things being all stubbly and smelly.”
“Unh,” Sherlock mumbled, pushing into Rowan’s hand. Rowan chuckled, pulled off his gloves, and made quick work of unfastening Sherlock’s trousers.
John laughed. “It’s harder than you think. I took drum lessons once from a bloke I knew…fancied myself a rock star. My parents wouldn’t buy me a guitar and I already knew I couldn’t sing. Turned out I couldn’t drum either.” Sherlock ignored him in favor of frowning at the video on YouTube he was currently studying. “Why are you learning all these anyway? Isn’t that the point of that composition program you use?”
“I can’t imagine why,” Mycroft said.
Cue the obligatory backstory: I've spent a LOT of time in coffee shops over the years, and because I am both nosy and easily distracted, I like speculating about my fellow patrons. Years ago I used to see the same man week after week, always dressed for work and reading the papers. What was this guy doing, I wondered, sitting in a coffee shop at ten in the morning on the same day every week, all dressed up in a suit and tie? He must be staking someone out! Maybe he was an assassin! (He wasn't. We struck up a chat at the counter one day, and it turned out he'd lost his job and was going to a weekly networking/support group that met nearby.) Still...I wish he'd been an assassin, and I could have foiled his dastardly plan in some daring way, although more likely I'd just have been collateral damage.
“What happened to your husband?”
“Hello?”
“Because it’s impossible to get out of London.”
The bartender nodded at Sherlock’s empty glass. “Your family must be even worse than mine if you have to hit the airport bar the minute you’re out of sight.”
Aronsen made a face. “After all this time? It’s a long shot. But Beerman’s never holding office again, I can promise you that. And Darnell Rhodes is getting out of jail, with his conviction voided and a full apology from the city, for whatever that’s worth. That’s what we were hired for. Did you reach Michael?”
“It’s good, isn’t it? I don’t really like wine--I don’t understand why people want things that slow them down--but it’s one of those things I had to learn about, and this one is really excellent.”
“It wasn’t the first time I’ve heard it, and I doubt it will be the last.”
“Brilliant, brilliant, brilliant,” Sherlock said, spinning round so his dressing gown flew out and making a dive for his laptop.
“Er,” John said. His brain seemed unable to coordinate enough to send a coherent signal to his mouth; half of it was bounding enthusiastically after “military kink” whilst the other half stumbled over “everybody fucking Sherlock”.
“Yep,” John said cheerfully. “Now close your eyes and rest like a good boy or I’ll have them put you in restraints.”
The young lieutenant next to him sniffed. “An improvement if you ask me, now the rabble’s cleared out.”
“Me.”
Sherlock smiled, very slightly. He undid another button.
Eventually, the hard man came back and led him to another sitting room, far more lavishly furnished, where a compact man was talking on the phone. He hung up as Sherlock came in. Mirzayev was older than Sherlock had expected, entirely gray, with surprisingly warm dark eyes that reminded Sherlock just a little of Lestrade.
“It’s
“Ah shit,” a voice said. A voice he knew: Rustam. “Turk?”
Sherlock opened the front cover and found an inscription (left-handed, Catholic school, good manicure, tenacious) in a woman’s neat writing.
Stop it. “You shouldn’t talk on your mobile whilst you’re driving.”
The man nodded, not looking at her, and Molly and Sherlock squeezed onto a narrow bench that ran along the side of the shop.
” like an incantation as he jerked and shuddered in John’s hand. Then Sherlock lifted his head, pinned John with his translucent stare, and whispered, “Now you.” He wrapped his long hand around John’s and his other arm around his back, pressing his forehead against John’s. John stared into his huge dark pupils as Sherlock’s fingers stroked, felt his orgasm rising, kept his eyes open as long as he could until it ripped through him and his eyes fell shut as he clenched forward, crying, “Oh God,
“You thought I was a terrific slag,” Sherlock said, grinning at the memory. “It was brilliant.”
“Blast it,” Gregson muttered, going red again.
“Phones,” Sherlock hissed, silencing his own just as the door scraped open behind them.
“Yeah, no problem. I’ll find a quiet room, stay with him if it helps.” She was brisk but not unkind, and Malcolm followed her without fuss.
Sherlock pulled himself the rest of the way up and jumped the short distance to the dock. He stumbled, the ground unsteady beneath his feet, and John caught his arm to stop him going into the sea. It felt like an electric shock, even through his layers of wet clothes.
“I can help you there,” John said. “I’m sure we’ve somebody with access.”
The soldier on the path was, improbably, still breathing. They dragged him back to the car park and piled him in with the civilian, who looked terrified when he caught sight of Becks. Bruce was for throwing him over the cliff with the others, preferably still tied up.
“According to his statement,” McGinty said, “Mr. Rhodes had been at a meeting of his local union, which was corroborated by multiple witnesses. Instead of going to a bar with his buddies afterwards he drove to Price Hill and parked around the corner from the street in question in the parking lot of a convenience store. A security camera verified that he parked there at approximately the time given. Mr. Rhodes stated that he was getting ready to leave Miss Clark’s home when they heard the gunshots, though he was unsure if he heard anyone running up the stairs. He was worried that the police would take his name and his wife would find out where he had been, so he decided to go out the back.”
“I don’t believe it’s a sin. Taking without consent, yes, whether a man or a woman. But two men together, consenting, out of love--I don’t believe it’s a sin.”
John glanced at Sherlock, who had half turned to look over the other three boys in the wagon. “Yes,” he said. “I heard that too.”
“I didn’t,” Sherlock said. “I saw the cat sign and I took a chance. I’d been on the run all night, the sun was coming up, and I heard a car coming on the road. You know what the countryside is around here; there’s no place to hide.”
“Oooh, poor thing,” Molly said commiserating. “Hope she fancies Ireland.”
“You could just brush your hair,” John suggested, but Sherlock ignored him to whirl into the bathroom. “Pretty boy,” John called after him. Sherlock slammed the door with unnecessary force and John, laughing, got up to find his shoes.
Sherlock took a sip of the tea and handed it back. “More sugar, and let it steep a bit longer next time. In a way. The man you recorded is a Serbian national who was previously involved in a criminal network thought to have been wiped out over a year ago. This is a list of intelligence agents who had knowledge of the network and may have been involved in helping him escape capture.”
“Care to go outside?”
“Wonderful,” John said fervently. The cab bumped and lurched, jostling him into Sherlock, and he had to put a hand on his arm to steady himself. Which reminded him: “Has that man Gruner been coming around an awful lot lately?”
“Nope,” Rowan said. “I’ve been taking him to the Travelodge and fucking him.”
“Worked it out then,” John said conversationally, falling in next to Sherlock as he turned toward the low huddle of the building next to the pitch.
John was so taken aback that for a moment he could only stand there and stare at the phone in his hand. What the hell had that been about? Mycroft had always been exquisitely courteous to John—more so than Sherlock, truth be told. And what had he meant about…
John thought that Sherlock would likely have no qualms whatsoever about drawing his own blood, but knew he probably couldn’t; the veins on his left arm had been ruined long ago.
Sherlock frowned. “What do you mean, what happened to them? They were murdered.”
“There’s nothing I can do, Tank.”
“You can leave it on,” Sherlock said, practically slurring his words.
“No. No, Sherlock. I am not going to Texas. My wife is having a baby in a month and I’m staying. With. Her.” John’s voice was so sharp that Sherlock felt himself physically flinch.
“For the commanders,” the driver said, amused. “That’s who they belong to. If you get to be a captain in a household and keep your nose clean, you might get a go when it’s time, but otherwise you’re to treat them like the Princess Royal herself.”
like it earlier in the evening.
“We don’t always talk about you, you conceited git,” Lestrade said. “I’m asking John what he thinks about me getting a cat. The wife was allergic, but now I’m on my own…”
Sherlock had some movement in his thumb and forefinger now, and his shoulder was essentially functional, although the muscles were badly atrophied. He still had to do most tasks with his left hand though, so getting ready was a somewhat longer process than it had once been. Once he was buttoned into his coat with his gloves and scarf on he carefully tucked his right hand into the pocket of his coat. He felt less self-conscious if he just looked as though he were keeping his hand warm, rather than the arm swinging about like a dead weight. He spent the cab ride over running through everything he knew about the White Hart, and by the time the cab pulled up he was genuinely curious.
“What’s your passcode,
“Didn’t you want me to? The listener, I mean?”
Please no, please say no, John thought desperately. The phone buzzed again.
“So no case?” John said, taking the cup Sherlock poured for him. “I thought for sure you’d take it.”
Sherlock smiled, but it looked half-hearted. “I’m done. You have my soup.”
“Good,” the doctor said, smiling. “Can you tell me your name?”
Sherlock loosened his grip on John’s pajamas and tentatively reached around his back, where he carefully clutched a fresh handful of shirt. This was progress, John supposed. “That’s perfect,” he said gently. “You are a fucking marvel, you’re a bloody fantastic genius, look how you found those kids, not even an hour, and now you’re my fucking marvel, your mad brilliant brain and all the rest of it, my beautiful, beautiful genius…” Sherlock, his eyes closed, smiled like an angel, albeit an angel with a broken nose and split lips. “My beautiful, beautiful love,” John whispered. He kept it up even after Sherlock’s one-quarter pain pill had kicked in and his breathing had gone slow and even, as though Sherlock could still hear him in his sleep.
John, now as curious as the rest, opened the envelope and read it out.
“Let me guess, you want to go brush your teeth,” John said. “Oxytocin depleted.”
where they’re placed, the whole place will be burnt to crisp,” Holmes was saying in exasperation.
“I think that’s enough for today.”
Mycroft gave a nod and Angelica Harlow picked up her phone.
Sherlock looked back up the staircase, at the empty space where his room had been. Without realizing it he stepped closer, one riser, then two. His bedroom. The white room with the white bed, where he’d muffled his tears in the blue bedclothes whilst Eurus whispered,
“This is hardly polite,” one of the soldiers shouted, and there was an outburst of laughter. Glasses clinked.
“I really need to speak with you,” Trevor said. “I’d invite you in, but I’m afraid my current accommodations lack sufficient seating for guests.”
On the train back to London, Sherlock turned his new information over in his head, thinking hard. He felt a dull headache starting in the base of his skull. If he couldn’t stop Trevor’s work, he had to stop Trevor herself. He knew it, intellectually; had gone to Exeter for the express purpose of seeing how best to do it, but he knew now he couldn’t be the one to do it. No matter what terrible things might follow from what she was doing, he could not be the one to stage her faked suicide or poison her frozen entree. Sherlock had stood in her quiet flat that needed a cat and looked at her orderly things and seen Trevor herself, her distant eyes and still face. He might be a potential master criminal, but he couldn’t be the one to kill her.
like a junkie. The burning in his stomach had gotten better but had been replaced by a sort of low-level constant nausea, so that he was mostly living off toast and bananas (and tea, coffee—but less coffee--and five-hour pomegranate energy drink). His skin, though, that was definitely better. The sores were beginning to heal and now that the itching had abated a little he was able to keep himself from scratching new ones. Sherlock flexed his fingers to look at them in the mirror and then quickly curled them again: still bitten raw. They would hurt if he tried to play his violin, but he wouldn’t be doing that for a while anyway. Sherlock straightened his shoulders and looked himself in the eye. He still looked a bit of a wreck, but getting better, and he was three weeks clean. Deep down he felt a tiny glow of pride.
“How do you do that?” John asked, still amazed. “I mean, I know how, you explained it, but how do you know, I don’t know, what to look for? You saw things about me that I didn’t know myself.”
“Well, as it might be a late night and as it’s the weekend, maybe we can find someplace more pleasant for you,” Sylvie said seriously, and John laughed and said maybe he’d just bring a toothbrush then, if she didn’t mind.
“Who’s that?” Sherlock said interestedly, and Archie spent the next fifteen minutes filling him in. Sherlock didn’t bother to pay attention; he was just grateful to have someone else dominate the conversation.
drug buddies. Or criminal associates, or anything like that. He was an electrician. Worked at GE my whole life. But none of that mattered, I guess; all that mattered was that he was a black man running away.”
“What did you think?” Sherlock asked as they buckled themselves back into the hire car.
“Ah, Captain Watson kept them in line,” Effie said. “Told that one he could just go and wait in his car…”
John’s lips brushed his face. “You are the most precious thing I have ever held in my hands,” he whispered. Then he pushed upright, gripped Sherlock’s hips, and thrust. Sherlock pulled his knees back up and straightened one leg to hook over John’s good shoulder, opening himself as far as he could.
He dug in his own heels at the same time, praying Sherlock would do as he was told. For a minute he heard nothing but his own flying hoofbeats--thank God, Sherlock had done as he said, he had turned off, John would know otherwise, Circe was a fast horse and would be close enough to hear if she were racing him on the road. Then with a jolt of relief and terror he heard the sound of several horses closing in fast behind him. They had taken the bait, but they were going to catch him up too soon--Hermes was already tired, and the strangers’ horses were gaining faster than John had expected.
It wasn’t a request. John sat.
. He would be safe. He would be safe for John.
. Should we--”
“You’re doing well then.”
Moriarty smiled slightly in return. He twitched his finger.
“I know, it was all a misunderstanding,” John said, stroking his curls. He realized belatedly that Sherlock appeared to have sick in his hair. He looked around for Lestrade and saw he was standing behind Sherlock, inspecting his bare arse where the hospital gown had fallen forward. He caught John’s eye and gave him a thumbs-up and an appreciative
“Of course they don’t!” Molly said indignantly. “The Order knows it isn’t our fault.”
Sherlock held out his empty cup, and John took them both back inside the Cross Keys. He refilled their coffees and, after some consideration, picked out an enormous oozing sticky bun. Sherlock would like that. He balanced the plate in one hand and gathered both mugs in the other and headed back to the picnic tables, only to be confronted by the startling sight of a woman sitting across from Sherlock. Not a fan or a journalist, too serious for that; someone from the local police?
Sherlock showered quickly but very thoroughly and returned to the bed, dropping his own towel to crawl in naked beside John, who was beginning to look alarmingly sleepy.
Going to the Cathedral Prep was loads better than Eton. Emily and a few of the others went there too, and that helped Sherlock keep from sliding back into the defensive solitary arrogance that had been his default setting most of his life. His family (meaning his mother and Mycroft) had been adamant that Sherlock’s traditional education not suffer, and after his unique needs had been understood arrangements were made for him to take advanced science classes at a nearby secondary school. The other students there were all idiots of course, but he was getting along well at the Prep, and that was what he cared about. For the first time since primary school, Sherlock was happy.
“How long before?”
2) Triage as we know it today came out of the Napoleonic Wars, but was not well-established outside of the military at this time. Large-scale industiral accidents actually played a large part in pushing the practice into civilian emergency medicine.
“I’m leaving. It’s nigh impossible to escape Bart’s, but easy as anything to leave the hospital. I’m walking out the front door. There’s nothing for me here anymore, and that Brocklehurst--I’m going to see if I can find Morris and Flea.”
“But a locked room mystery,” he pleaded.
John licked and sucked for a few minutes and then took Sherlock’s head for another kiss, using both hands this time and bracketing Sherlock’s knees with his own so that he was practically in his lap. Sherlock was utterly yielding under him. Not thinking about Moriarty now, are you, John thought with satisfaction, feeling exceptionally pleased with his handiwork.
“Tell me what doesn’t fit,” Mycroft said as they paced along the ruined entry hall.
The flash of disappointment was masked so quickly that if he hadn’t been watching her eyes he would have missed it. It made him glad. He said swiftly, “Not with you, obviously. I haven’t many real friends, don’t fancy taking a chance on losing one.”
“Yep.”  Roz’s eyes crinkled behind the sunglasses. “Two packages. Chocolate. They’re in my bag in the back.”
“Yes—there was a great lot of it in the wardroom, some charity ladies brought it. They told me to take a second piece for later, so of course I brought it to you.”
“Of course, sir.”
John shrugged. “I felt like going was the wrong choice all along. But it seemed important to you, and your arguments seemed sensible, so…but I missed you so much the night before, and then yesterday it was rainy in Edinburgh and I kept thinking, ‘Why am I sitting here listening to advances in diabetes management when I could be running around Cornwall with you?’ And then I came out during the break and there was Anthea saying you were hurt and she had a private plane and…” John shook his head. “If anything had happened to you, I couldn’t have borne it. Not just because I wasn’t there, but because I’d wasted two whole days that I could have been with you. So that’s when I thought, oh, fuck it. You deserve a say but in the end it’s my life. I’m not going to waste a minute of it planning for some future in which you aren’t there, because that is not going to happen.”
Sherlock chanted inside his head. “I was ill, Commander.”
Pause.
Lestrade looked at him as though he were being dense. “Because he thinks you’re straight? Because he thinks you’re not interested? Because he thinks he’ll bollocks it up and you’ll leave? Pick one. We both know that he’s the idiot when it comes to this, and so does Sherlock. It’s up to you, John. You’re just going to have to talk to him.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What do you need help with? Is it the Christmas carol?” John couldn’t imagine what use he could possibly be, but was willing to give it a shot.
Somewhat to John’s surprise, they really did hike over the next few days, and Sherlock actually seemed to be enjoying himself. They stuck to short hikes at first, John having persuaded Sherlock of the need to break in their hiking boots (“I’m sure it’s unnecessary John, Mycroft probably had his minions march them around Whitehall”). It was a pleasant routine. They would lie abed late and eat a leisurely breakfast, John reading the news while Sherlock checked in with Mycroft—“checking in” being a euphemism for “harangue on the phone”. The chalet had excellent wifi but terrible mobile service, so Mycroft had provided them both with satellite phones before their departure.  Then they would stroll the sun-dappled meadows for a few hours, come back for lunch and a rest, and strike out for the high westerly peaks in the late afternoon.  At night they made love with hushed, unhurried tenderness. Those nights had the same quality for John as their first, moonlit time in Florence: Sherlock’s reverent, delicate touch, his adoration evident in every brush of his fingers and lips, the way he seemed to be surrendering himself utterly to John’s hands like a gift.  And John matched him at every step. Sherlock was too thin, bruised and a little stiff and with his right arm awkwardly splinted, but to John he was as exquisitely beautiful as the first time John had ever touched him. They kissed with their eyes open, drinking each other in. They kissed as though each time were their last.
“I’m not a virgin, John,” Sherlock breathed into his ear.  “There’s no need to
“Wouldn’t fit if I did, but there should be blankets in the linen press,” John told him. “I’m going to look for some food. I’m starving.”
“It’s beautiful.  Would you mind if I forward myself a copy?”
.” Sherlock himself was wearing a battered fedora with the brim pulled down to shade his battered face. He should have looked ridiculous, but as usual was managing to pull it off.
“Where is he?”
“So,” John said. “Can we come to an arrangement?”
“When I get better,” Sherlock said vaguely.
“It is old. It’s an unattributed work from the 16
The problem, obviously, was that he was sober. Sherlock had never gone to a place like this unless he was high, or planning to be; he should have anticipated the tediously predictable Pavlovian reaction. He felt the craving now like an itch under his skin. Cocaine made it all so much easier; like using the fine adjustment on his microscope, it clarified the overwhelming chaos into focus. Cocaine however, was definitely out, so Sherlock went for the next best thing. “Vodka and Red Bull,” he shouted to the bartender over the racket.
“Camera.” John shrugged. “We’ve done it before. You don’t have to go to every crime scene. You don’t even
“Yes, all right.”
. He could see Sherlock’s throat working and pulled back to let him breathe, but Sherlock clutched hard at his arse and he thrust again. “Oh
“He arranged the meeting,” Sherlock said. John knew he would be pacing if his head could stand it. “But he wanted to even the playing field—my people for his, the four men we took from Belfast that he believes to be dead. His oldest associates. That’s why he targeted Phil. Not because he was useful, but because I had known him the longest. But now…” He rubbed the back of a finger along his mouth, thinking hard. “He won’t know whether or not to believe I’m dead, so he’ll still show up to the meeting. If I’m there, he’s got me. If I’m dead, presumably my second in command would show, and they can still do business.”
Maybe he hadn’t; Mycroft said nothing, for a wonder. But as the weight of the drugs pulled him back under Sherlock felt a hand settle on the unmarked skin of his shoulder, comforting and gentle.
John took the phone and looked at it. Sherlock was using an app of the sort favored by bodybuilders and serious fitness freaks, on which he tracked his total daily calories. The app showed a graph monitoring how well the user was meeting his goals; John scrolled back through the previous month and was pleased to see that almost all the days since they had started meeting were green, with an occasional yellow thrown in. Curious, he then scrolled back to where the entries started in September. Very little green here; mostly yellow, quite a few reds. Some of the red days listed only a few hundred calories. Probably tea, John thought, pained at the idea of Sherlock turning away from the scolding alarm, unable to bear the thought of eating.
John stared. For an instant, something flashed in Sholto’s open hand: a five-pointed white rose. John’s eyes went to Sholto’s face and Sholto’s gaze flicked to the ceiling, almost too fast to catch, and then back to John’s face. A camera, John realized.
“He’s a soldier.”
“Moriarty, of course.”
“What sign?”
as he pushed his finger directly over the smooth nub of Sherlock's prostate. Sherlock cried out so loudly he probably woke Mrs. Hudson and his whole body convulsed.
“No need. Looks like the tendon, you’re doing the right thing.” Gregson’s face was as dark as John had ever seen it. “Fool probably pulled her up jumping. Too bad he didn’t go over her head...how did it happen he was on Circe anyway?”
“The guard has ingrown toenails; he needs bigger boots.”
“I’m not going to say anything about your case! I don’t need to! I’ve enough reason to go after him without that. This is my best friend, and he’s in over his head. I’m getting him out.”
John leaned over as he slid his chair closer to Sherlock and muttered, “Five minutes, then we’ll go.” Sherlock was looking simultaneously trapped and mutinous.
careers. That big brutish one from the Guardians is getting his own household.”
“No,” Sherlock said without opening his eyes.
Gregson’s smile had genuine warmth. “I understand you’ve a new friend too.”
Sherlock’s mouth twitched wryly. “A Christmas piece for a children’s choir, if you must know. I’ve never written choral music before, so it’s an interesting challenge, especially as I’m told small children are incapable of singing harmony. “ John was staring at Sherlock with his mouth half open, a finger sandwich forgotten in his hand, but Sherlock went on blithely, “Fortunately I hit on the idea of using plainsong. There’s precedent; many of the lessons and carols programmes use a chant from the ninth century, ‘Creator of the stars of night’—“
“Because she mattered to you. I want to know why.”
I feel like I could come from smelling you.”
“He is enemy,” Arslan said grimly.
“Jump.” He could feel it, the moment of weightlessness, the rush of the ground, the tumble on soft grass. The impatience to go again. “I want to do it again.”
They all automatically looked—even John—just as the young woman shoved her chair back with an angry screech of chair legs, flung her wine into the man’s face, and stormed out. They looked back at Sherlock. “He must be an even worse date than you,” Janine said.
Sherlock pushed himself upright, looking foggy, and then swung his stockinged feet around to prop on the coffee table when John sat next to him. “Thank you,” he said, cradling the warm bowl.
Sherlock felt himself loosening. It did feel good. John did not tell him how tense he was or try to force him to relax; he just worked Sherlock’s muscles and kept up a soothing litany of praise. John worked his way down Sherlock’s hamstrings and calves and Sherlock melted into the mattress, so limp and boneless he did not even feel tickled when John rubbed his feet. He could not remember ever feeling so quiet and peaceful, even after sex.
Finished, Sherlock went back out into the nave. The front pews were filled with Bondeds in every shade of blue—from dark navy and deep sapphire to palest winter azure trimmed with ermine—mostly dresses, but a few suits mixed in; ninety percent of omegas were female, with the reverse true of alphas. A hundred years ago the blue would have been liberally interspersed with white, eligible young omegas who were “out”: presented but not yet bonded. Today Sherlock saw only three.
“Don’t be cheeky,” Archie said crisply, wiping his hands. “Got in the way of doing makeup when my mate took up with the local theatre. I’d have more time for painting if I weren’t busy making you lot look respectable.”
“Our reasons are our own business,” the rat-faced man answered, “and we have no interest in you. Get out of the way.”
“Dimmock’s already moved him, unfortunately. We’ll meet Lestrade at the morgue.”
Victims of torture. John had to swallow, but Mycroft was as impassive as ever: “Then I will make arrangements. What about the physical injuries?”
. If I saw his hand in something I let others take the credit. I was afraid--I was trying not to play his game, not to engage with him, just watching and waiting to see if he’d make a mistake, because I didn’t want him to know--but that reporter, she
“Anything happen whilst I was away? Has Irene had any news?”
“What a relief,” John said dryly. “It still wouldn’t hurt either one of us to eat a fruit that hasn’t been processed with a quart of sugar. Or better yet a green leaf that hasn’t been dried, steeped, and doused in sugar and milk.” He ate some more chicken, thinking that the next time he would at least order saag. “Do you think they’ll buy Owen’s story?”
Mary put her arms around him, burrowing her face into his shoulder. “I don’t even know how his clothes stay on.” Her voice was heavy with tears. “He looks
Sherlock blinked and then, at a loss, said, “Thank you,” and blundered onto the dance floor to give himself time to think. He’d known this was a possibility—known and, if he were honest, hoped—from the moment he considered going back to the club.  He caught sight of the man immediately: dark skin, black hair, a bit shorter than Sherlock but broader, muscular;
“This should be enough to go on.” Sherlock looked around. “Where’s my tea?”
the suspicion in his mind.
you?”
Sherlock was silent a long time, so long John was beginning to think he’d overstepped, but then he sighed. “No,” said softly. “But it would have...it would have been worse.”
“Oh, was that my Christmas gift just now?”
Sherlock stopped just inside the doorway. They all looked up at him, smiling, and he stared back icily.
“You’re mine, God, you beauty, give it to me,” John said, and slid the slicked circle of his fist over Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock cried out over and over as John stroked him lightly in time with his thrusts: “Oh, oh, oh,
“Oh my God,” a high, trembling voice said. Violet had evidently run out of the house at the sound of screaming, clutching a cricket bat for a weapon. “That’s—that’s my hair. How can she have my hair?”
Effie nodded again, but more slowly, and her eyes were watchful on his. “Yeah,” she said. “That makes sense.”
and a coffee since I didn’t get my cocaine. I’m getting some for you lot too. Do we go back to the station now?”
As he set out to round the pond again John heard voices. He looked up, shading his eyes with his hand, and saw three boys making their way down the back. Village boys or farmers, John thought; they would likely recognize Lord Sherlock and keep going, but he was probably finished with his mud anyway. John set the satchel in the willow’s shade and followed after them, unnoticed.
John was surprised, and touched. “That—that’s really nice, Sherlock. How do you know about leather?”
did this, not you. He set it up, he pulled the trigger—or he paid somebody to, no difference. Not you. You didn’t do this.”
“No, it’s fine.”
“Very much. It looks like Billy is the king of the ball, though.”
“Good thing you spent your childhood becoming an expert at secret passages and hiding places,” John murmured.
“What?” John said, taken aback.
John looked confused. “Is this a pearl necklace thing?” he asked. “Because, um…”
“Well, they can always use more help at the hospital. What about you lot? Any schooling? No? You’ll be for the factories then.” Mr. Temple sighed. “Time was you’d have had school in the morning and work in the afternoon, but that’s all done now. You’ll be doing a man’s work there, but when you finish at St. Bart’s you’ll be skilled enough to earn a decent wage, and at least you have a roof over your head and regular meals. That’s all now. Mr. Cleves.”
“I think they were too, but it’s all right, I had this sewn in my shirt,” Sherlock said, holding up the empty blister pack. “I’m regretting it all the same though, I’d kill for clean clothes. Where did you get that uniform?”
“That was yesterday, and that’s not why I rang,” Sherlock said. “But has she used the Moriarty phone again?” Anthea had received a text on at least one occasion that caused her to go outside and make a call on what appeared to be a burner phone.
“Yes, sir,” John said, and Sherlock mumbled, “Sorry.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “There aren’t any monks. The abbey hasn’t been an active monastery for four hundred years. It’s a ‘retreat centre’.” His tone implied this was not much of a step up.
“Good thing I wasn’t available then.”
, so overall this conversation was going better than he had hoped.
Pressing on was a lot less pleasant on the unpaved road. The car jostled and bumped its way along, engine whining as they climbed steadily, and more than once John found himself hanging on for dear life as Sherlock navigated them over places so flooded John was convinced the car would stall for good. It got even worse when they crested the hill and began switchbacking their way down, Sherlock riding the brakes and gripping the steering wheel as though he could physically hold them back that way.
Walk off then? Sherlock looked to Jonathan, who rolled his eyes in disgust and pointed behind Sherlock. Sherlock turned around and saw that the audience was on its feet. They were standing up and clapping. They were giving him a
“Thanks,” John said again. He sighed.
Sherlock's arms tightened around him. John could feel the sweat cooling on his forehead; the tension was draining away now, leaving him exhausted and limp.
John was kneeling beside his box the next afternoon when he heard Sherlock’s feet hit the floor for the first time that day. He looked up half expecting to see Sherlock stumbling in with his hair going in all directions, having briefly forgotten that he now lived with Sherlock 2.0, the post-Moran version. His uneven footsteps staggered straight to the shower. John got up and went to fill the kettle. By the time Sherlock appeared—fully dressed, John noted—he had a mug of tea and a plate of scones waiting by his chair. Sherlock arrowed to the tea as though programmed by mission control.
Sherlock shivered and arched his neck. “John,” he said inarticulately, which made John smile against his throat. He loved rendering Sherlock incoherent.
John had been wondering something. “Why did you let Moran handcuff you?” he asked. “Why not knock him out as soon as he came in?”
He set the book down on the table with some regret, but he could hardly take a forbidden book back to the commander’s. He settled his cowl, smoothed his robes, and followed Thomasina through the thick doorway and down the stairs. He watched her straight back. Not a maid at all, not originally. Office job, careful manicures, she’d been a PA or an office manager perhaps—
Sherlock slept for fourteen hours and woke up feverish and cranky. “I feel terrible,”  he said crossly.
they were released. John stumbled wearily upstairs with the others, all quiet as though terrified the ebony-handled walking stick would descend upon them if they so much as coughed. Even Mr. Minchin seemed cowed. There was no sign of Mr. Brocklehurst, but nonetheless John kept his head down, scurrying quickly to his bed as soon as he finished washing where he curled gingerly on his side and worried, exhausted and hungry, until sleep overtook him.
“All right,” John said, pressing the cloth to his mouth. He had never held anything so fine, and it seemed almost a sacrilege to soil it with his blood. The linen was as smooth as paper. “Listen, I’ve got bread and cheese in my bag over there. What do you say we have a rest and some luncheon?”
“He hit his head, sir?” John ventured.
On and on through the night. Dark roads, blacked-out villages, stars overhead he hadn’t seen since his returned to London and was now too tired and distracted to appreciate. Every once in a while Sherlock gave him a direction and he glanced into the rear view mirror and saw Sherlock watching intently out the window, teeth worrying his lower lip.
“It’s after six,” Roz said, looking at her watch. “Which makes it past midnight Sherlock’s time. Why don’t we go for some dinner and look at this again tomorrow?”
Sherlock thought about it, turning the glass in his hands. The truth was that he would like to see Michael again. Michael was still his gold standard, the measure by which all the subsequent men had come up short in various ways; it would be interesting from a scientific standpoint to see if this still held true now that Sherlock was so much more experienced. Besides, he’d
John looked at the bread with longing, but shook his head. “Bet it on the game tonight,” he advised. “Make sure he bets something good in return though.”
,” Trevor said dismissively. “It’s not nearly that simple. And anyway I’m not putting our research into the hands of some quasi-military organization like Starfleet; we’re involved in pure science.”
“No, it won’t,” Sherlock said vehemently. “Don’t you see—“
“I’ll finish my breakfast first, if you please,” the woman said crisply, scraping the bottom of her bowl with the spoon.
” Sherlock said. He dropped his picture and shuffled through the others, pulling out two more and lining them up. “There’s no cot in any of them. But this one has—are these sheets too?” He held the picture up to Mrs. Hudson.
“You didn’t say anything about a pimpernel. No, it’s important! It’s a thing, in the silent opposition—I wasn’t meant to know of course, but I heard them talking about it when I went to France—somebody was meeting with the Scarlet Pimpernel.”
Owen interrupted him, voice dropping low and urgent. “I have to go. Somebody’s coming.” He clicked off.
“We got my sister out last year. It’s my mother. If I’m caught, would they take her even though she’s bonded?”
“Sister’s been keeping little ones alive longer that you’ve
Sherlock heard John give a tiny disillusioned sigh.
The day felt as though it had lasted about a hundred hours already, so he was briefly disoriented that it was still daylight in the oddly silent mews. He glanced at his watch: not quite seven. Good, they had a lot of driving to do, if they were lucky enough to make it out of London. John squared his shoulders and handed the hamper to Sherlock, who was stowing his basket in the back seat. “Take this too, okay?”
