"Sherlock, you waited for me. What was in the tea, hm? Crushed up sleeping pills? Some years old expired medication?" John frowned with his arms crossed while Sherlock continued to run over his body, now examining his neck. "Rat poison?" The other man added and Sherlock pulled his face away to give him a sour look.
"That this is not your concern, nor is this a case to involve yourselves in." A voice from behind startled John who spilt a little tea from his cup.
John sucked in a breath, choking on his wine and coughed violently before recovering and patting his mouth roughly with the serviette. He felt his flat mates eyes on his face and he looked up to match their gaze; cheeks blushed a bright red. John cleared his throat, "J-just like me then...u-unattached. G-good. That's good."
John chuckled and looked down at his plate, remembering that he in fact did have food still in front of him. "Easy observation then."
He started playing a simple melody, one which he learned at a young age before he experimented and produced some of his own.
Once the short boy was at a safe distance, Sherlock let out a breath of relief. He had gotten through another day.
“Good morning class, my name is Mrs. Hudson and this is music. Now some faces I recognize from last years class, while others are new ones so let's go through attendance!”
“Not him, no….but his coward of a father did…” Moriarty growled, flexing the claws on his hands as he neared the prince.
Sherlock took a step forward and placed his hands on his hips to appear even taller, “You’ve heard correctly.”
"Not just any invitation! Take a look!" she held it out toward him and scooted her chair closer into the table to witness his expression.
Greg’s lips thinned and he did a little nod before turning back properly in his seat and began doodling on his notebook.
"You seem surprised," Molly's grin faltered and her brows knit on her kind face, "did you not get one?"
"Yes, Mrs. Hudson. Thank you again for the biscuits and tea." As he turned the handle of the door and stepped out halfway, he turned his head to the tall man at the base of the staircase. "Will you be in tomorrow?" He asked; his confidence overwhelming him once again.
John jumped at the baritone voice behind him and quickly shuffled to turn around and bow his head in resignation. "Apologies, my Lord. I was not aware that your were present."
Rosie beamed while turning to her fiancée and gesturing toward him, “this is Jacob Wesley, Mrs. Hudson,” right then she noticed the amount that the poor guy was carrying and quickly grabbed some bags from his grip, “Sorry, love!”
"You know I was just thinking about you two! Where's John been? We were supposed to meet up at the pub yesterday."
"There's a mark here," John pointed to the large chunk of spine poking out slightly from the flesh, "he must've had to hack at it several times." He then skimmed down the body, examining the cuts and lacerations on the arms then sat back with a sigh. "Jesus..."
The copper was speechless and nodded dumbly, shifting slightly enough for John to pass. John, on the other hand was gobsmacked; eyes bright as he watched the detective with adoration. Since his return to London, John had never really had anyone who stood up for him. When he would get into disagreements at the pub or get mobbed by dimwitted teenagers, no one ever bothered to step in and take a stand. Being in the war John was always meant to have a thick skin and retaliate, which he often would do, but when there was only so much a crippled and wounded man like him could do, pity from others was the last thing he needed - and wanted. Pity was what he usually got, however.
Taking a small shot glass from the cupboard and dusting it out with a towel, Sherlock poured a small amount of the blood in and then emptied the rest of the packet, stirring the substance with a butter knife. Surprisingly, the powder dissolved into the blood making it slightly watery and easy enough for Sherlock to fill up the syringe. He then heated up a small pot of water on the hob and placed the syringe in, warming up the liquidy substance for use.
He was bored now, wasting his time occupying a child while he could be collecting more samples. Instead, Sherlock turned back to his collection so far and crossed out ‘Water’ from the list. He thought for sure that ignoring the problem would make it go away, but no; Johnuin snatched the list from his fingers, turning it around to read the letters scribbled on it.
"No! I'm not! Why don't you drink up your own concoction's one of these days and see how you turn out! Hm?"
Heading back to the flat was his goal, he was done. John decided later on to pick up what they needed from the shops - better to go home and avoid telling Sherlock, rather than being gun down by questions by arriving home empty handed from his original objective.
Without another word, Lestrade walked into the room and held the door as John passed through and proceeded down the servants stairs and out the servants door. It was time he best get started on his new project...even if he was slightly disappointed about the other.
John giggled and snuggled closer to his mother, “And how did you know if they wanted to be your friend?”
It was then when John's mind began going back to normal and he started processing what Sherlock was telling him. "I-uh-oh." He stuttered, still a bit shocked.
His thoughts were disturbed by a soft knocking at the door and he made no fuss to open it. "Oh, Molly, hello!"
"But Sherlock, you said that I would be up there alone. Why must we even bother practising for something no one will hear?"
That evening, Sherlock was picked up by his brother and on their way home. His mind was more wound up about the events that went down than he would like to admit. Why did John decide to stand up for them now? Did he finally come to his senses and decide he wanted the money or was it something else entirely…
Sherlock sprawled out on a chair that rested in the corner of Mycroft's sitting room, not even bothering to remove his shoes while his legs dangled from the armrest. "Don't bore me, Mycroft, animal testing within the government is nothing new."
John hobbled behind Sherlock who walked with such vigor and authority -  it was almost as if he were a ship; parting the sea of forensic workers and investigators littering his path. He wondered how he had never known this man before. It was as if fate brought them together, and he thanked whatever gods may be for his good fortune and luck. Thinking about how John had only just met this man last week - and already feeling as if he'd known him for years - felt odd but yet heartwarming.
John nodded vigorously before he lowered his head and glued his eyes to the floor in resignation. "Y-yes, my Lord."
“Dinner?” Sherlock sputtered out, eyes widening at the sudden outburst of confidence. Where that idea came from he had no idea.
The rain hitting the wood paneling outside, drowned out the silence of the small confined space and the two men just remained standing where they were. John was uncertain what to do, waiting for Sherlock to make the first move. What were they? What was their relationship now?
"And I've also taken into account your maths skill. I am very impressed with your manners and you, Mr. Watson, when can you start?"
As if being excused, Lord Holmes turned to Lestrade, nodded and then turned to head back to the front of the manor. John watched him approach a young driver who went to park his car, before heading inside.
"Yes. As in two people who enjoy each other's company, and need to relieve stress, escape their homes for several hours. I have a place in mind."
They were wet balls of fluff that repeatedly couldn't keep their hands off of each other now that John was human again. Mycroft just stood in the doorway, leaning on his umbrella with a small grin. "Welcome back, Doctor Watson-Holmes. You have been missed."
The front of the page was intricately decorated with a vine border holding several musical notes within its foliage. On the top of the page read the local pubs name and an event so posh that caused John to roll his eyes. However, a quite bold and underlined price caught his eyes with great interest and as he stared at the darkened ink of the pen he knew right away what this was. This was yet another job opportunity.
John deflated instantly, "M-my apologies my Lord! I did not mean.....I spoke out of place....f-forgive me."
It was a dreadful poem. Complete rubbish, and John knew it. Being a romantic at heart was difficult when what he was feeling inside could barely be put into words. They had both become closer that winter, always bumping into each other - of course, none of those were brought on by John....obviously. And then their little comments would lead to flirting, or at least John thought it was flirting. Then, John would hate to admit that he spent a lot of time looking into those gorgeous eyes and lose himself within them.
"And you better be careful that you don't whistle sweet words to every other woman you meet, or they'll be lining up Dorset asking to be your wife."
"Leave him be, Mrs. Hudson" Sherlock pleaded and gently maneuvered them out into the hallway, "I will clean this up, don't you dare bother yourself with it." He spoke gently, examining her hands for any signs of cuts. "Now if you be so kind as to make another pot of tea and have it delivered just outside the door, that would be greatly appreciated."
Before any of them could open their mouths, Rosie walked back into the room and reached for her bag, “Ready to go, love?” she winked at Jacob who just nodded eagerly and stood up to grab his coat without pause.
Mike just shook his head with a chuckle, "Don't I know it. You seem a bit off though, Sherlock. Everything with you two going alright?"
John flipped through it, scanning the items quickly before deciding on then veal parmesan and joined the menu with Sherlock's. "I think I'll go with the veal."
"I know a Lestrade." He said flatly, handing the sheet back to the young boy, and readjusting his long coat. "Greg's his first name...?" He questioned, as if talking to himself. "Dull name. Anyway John, I must go now, businesses calls. I look forward to signing on our agreement."
, Johnuin, is that it's a bond that lasts for a lifetime. They are offering both their companionship and trust to you. To both accept and seal that bond, a human must then offer up the dragon's precious gift back to them."
"Mr. Watson, may I remind you that it it forbidden by the house to enter through the main doors unless otherwise told."
Johnuin just rolled his eyes in mock pleasure, “Sure, Harry. Now, last time I checked it is my birthday, so you're supposed to hold in your temper for today.”
The sun was already being unkind as it settled itself in the sky. John took a second to pull off a glove and his cap to wipe a hand across his brow. He fanned himself with his cap and sent a wave Anderson's way, before the sound of an engine caused him to turn to the source.
' in your pocket." John's hand immediately went to the pocket watch. "I could say it was yours but by the slight tarnish on the cord, I say it was from a friend. You're too clean of a person to let anything go without care so it was given to you after the fact. Father's? Grandfather's? No, friend. And one that served time with you in the war. Easy enough by the fact that there is still caked on mud nestled in the crevices. Alive? No. Dead. It was the last thing he gave you before his passing. So tell me again, John Watson, am I still an amateur in the eyes of you?"
Her face didn't buy the excuse one bit, but she accepted it with a small nod and he thanked her profusely in his head. Once things were properly loaded either in the stove to keep warm or the fridge, a deep baritone voice reverberated through the small space causing Jake to freeze.
Sherlock was highly unimpressed, trying to shrug off the grip still on his shoulder that only tightened at his movement. The room had gone quiet and still except for the sound of a plastic chair being pulled out that had Sherlock grin slightly.
Jacobs eyes fell to Rosie when he caught her yawning and shot up from his seat, “Wow look at the time! I think we should head out now love.”
A chuckle from the black haired man graced the warm and comforting sitting room of their flat for a second. Then there were more paper shuffles.
John rolled his eyes when he heard another knock at his door. "Come on it!" He called out, ripping a piece of bread and plopping it in his mouth just as Lestrade entered.
“I heard that John Watson killed his little sister and witnessed him throw a kid out the window on the second floor.”
There was a cough and a clearing of a throat bringing him back to reality. Greg's eyes were glued to the army doctor with a look of concern.
Lestrade didn't hesitate to march over and shake his friends hand profusely. "Congratulations, mate. This is excellent!"
"Yes, well, I was just as shocked. Still am, actually." He grinned, and stopped in the hallway. His belongings were starting to pile beside him, as the driver began making two more trips from the car to the flat. Mrs. Hudson examined the few bags he had with a frown. John noticed almost instantly and subconsciously began rubbing the back of his neck.
Sherlock quickly stood up at the table, reaching for the bowl of curry and gave Jacob the dirtiest look ever.
“Well he should,” the boy chuckled, playing with the eraser on his desk, “Jim’s a right bastard and lunatic. He's gunna kill someone one day, mark my words.”
Wilkes snorted when the sound of multiple footsteps echoed behind him in the halls, “You're right when you're right, that's for sure. Jim was right about you.”
I want to apologize for not posting these past 2 weeks, I have been incredibly busy with exams and filming projects. I am officially on winter break now so I will post to my usual schedule. Another note: I will be getting my wisdom teeth removed on Tuesday so I will try to get another chapter out before then to make up for Wednesday's. :) Thank you all for your patience <3
The door to the classroom swung open and a middle aged woman with short blonde hair stepped in with her bag full of papers, setting them on her desk and clearing her throat loudly. The students quickly sat straight in their desks while gum was taken out of mouths and squished to the bottom of chairs. Sherlock shook his head in disgust.
It would be a change. Definitely a change. John would be allowed in the main house full time, would be given a proper room, would be allowed to sit and eat with his Lordship when guests weren't about the house. But his livelihood would change....no more outdoor work or major manual labour....no more 'John Watson'.
', the ones who they were assigned to destroy. He wore these memories as scars on his body and carried them along as nightmares in his mind. Tainted forever.
"John?" Sherlock called, walking over to the adjoining bathroom door. Maybe John had to use the loo? But that was odd because Sherlock didn't hear anything. He took a peek inside but the room was darkened and empty. Ok then. He then walked over to the window to examine if maybe John thought it a good idea for a nice rooftop sky gaze. Locked.
The driver cleared his throat and looked straight ahead once again, blinking in response. "Are you bloody mute now that you can't answer me?!" John's voice grew with anger.
"Very well." He smiled and left the two idiots to their constant "I love you's" and Sherlock's continuous apologies.
Sherlock's heartbeat picked up. He heard Jim's breath falter before a humourless chuckle left his mouth. “Sometimes one needs to result to older tactics. Thought ‘Lockie here would appreciate the sentiment.”
When the four boys were seated, Stamford took the opportunity to begin, “What in gods name happened out there, boys?”
Sherlock set down his quill and examined his hand, noticing his magic getting stronger and his scales barely visible on the white, milky skin. “What of?” he asked, in a tone utterly bored and careless as he closed the journal and began to tidy the small desk.
“A-a...” Jacobs voice cracked and he went to clear his throat and start again, “...A-a pleasure to meet you Mr. and Mrs. Holmes...”
Sherlock let his feet carry both him and Johnuin into the forest, going deeper and deeper - not even taking a second to let memories wash over him of their first meeting as he passed the silver pool.
Johnuin froze in his spot, causing the taller man to pause; hands still clasped together and resting on his waist. “What about it…”
Yela was in the hall speaking to one of the castle staff when she saw a head of gold make its way in her direction - stopping to stand right in front. Johnuin had a big smile on his face when his mother pulled him into a big hug and planted a million kisses on his head.
Sherlock marched over, snatched the parchment from the narrow fingers and scanned over it furiously. John looked on and twiddled his thumbs with budding tension spreading through his stomach.
They practiced. Three days a week, John and Sherlock would head over to Mrs. Hudson's studio and just simply play. In the mornings, John would make breakfast, ham with eggs and beans - to which Sherlock would pick at, until yolk was spread across the plate and the toast was unrecognizable as a pile of crumbs. During the days that they both decided against going in yo brush up on John's skill, they would go out to venues. Every time John would sit in awe watching his gorgeous flatmate win over the ears and hearts of others, caressing the bow strings of his violin as he swayed to the music.
Sherlock snuck a glance at the doctor, who was surprisingly keeping up pace, and sent him a cheeky grin. "In due time, John. But first there is something I wish to do."
John was a little gobsmacked at the soft gesture, still not used to the whole ordeal and unsure as to where exactly the two of them stand. "Sherlock" he chuckled, "that was indecent."
Sherlock wasted no time bolting right after him down the street. The chase went on for a time; following as closely as possible but not too close - making out the dirty black and yellow jacket amongst the crowd. When it did end, however, John was nowhere to be seen and instead a small beaten down flat took up Sherlock's eyesight.
"I'm going for a walk." He sighed and reached for his cane, hoisting himself up and grabbing his jacket. When he reached the door of the flat, he turned to his colleague and frowned at the blob of flesh rooted in the sofa. "I'm sorry..." he whispered and went down the stairs, counting each knock as the butt of the cane collided with the hardwood.
John bit his tongue at the comment and cursed himself under his breath. He had to stop pushing, had to stop. Or it wouldn't just be the garden that would be pushed aside...it would be him.
"Well you need to do it, John." He sighed, lowering his tone, "I know this has been difficult for you. Coming back from that mess and such, but rents not gunna' pay itself."
Heavy steps reverberated off the rocks and stilled once the large figure stood right before his baby brother. Sherlock let out a sigh before turning to glare at his big dragon brother.
"But John I might get in trouble, I'm not to seek out his Lordship unless summoned. Why not ask Mr. Lestrade to do it?"
At that moment John had returned, footsteps freezing at the door with a cup of water in hand. The cup itself had been scrubbed clean twice and rinsed under hot water for as if John was making sure that the dish would be clean enough. The evidence was quite visible on the reddened flesh on John's hands and slight moisture on his sleeve.
Sherlock took a step forward, still keeping distance, but wanting to be closer. "John, I want to really get to know you. To see the real you and be with that person. I think about you more than I care to admit, but I would have it no other way. I care for you, John Watson, and if the work is still what you wish then you can have it."
"I mean it Sherlock, stay out of things that do not concern you, or you might end up in more trouble then you already are."
John was led through the small doorway and down a quite cozy hallway until they came to two separate windowed doors opposite each other. Lestrade gestured to the one on the left, "This is the men's quarters", before leading them both through to an empty room at the end of that hallway. It was rather small, but John held no complaints for it. In the far corner lay a spring bed with a thin mattress where sheets were properly laid and neatly folded. Next to it there was a small wooden nightstand with a lamp. At the other side of the room, was a very nice oaken dresser that complemented the tiny space.
John gaped at him, his brows raised and eyes locked on the curly haired figure before him. "That, was brilliant."
Sherlock groaned, getting up from his spot on the floor while dusting off his breeches nonchalantly, “Heard there was a party, wanted to see what all the fuss was about.”
John eyed him, mouth slightly agape at the question but then he cleared his throat and rocked back on his heels, “I-I dunno…my da would want me home after what happened today…” he paused and then sighed, “Actually, you know what? I'm starving.”
"Why do I even bother..." Sherlock mumbled grumpily, deciding now to scrap his plans. Already there were several mothers eyeing him suspiciously and he scooted down the bench an inch.
Sherlock rolled his eyes in agitation and proceeded to the door, "I suggest you give him a ring then, he's going to be receiving a visit."
He stopped. I continued, ‘I’m sorry I’ve never said it before. I’m sorry if it offends you now. I couldn’t live with you not knowing any longer.  I want you to know that anything you need that is in my power to give, is yours. Without hesitation.’
He huffs a relieved laugh into the intimate space between them, ‘And you can have it, love, but let's go slow, okay?’
I hesitated, seeking a gentle way to phrase the question I needed to ask. ‘Forgive me, Miss Robson, but is it possible that Mr Escott disappeared simply because he did not wish to.... pursue the engagement?’
The events of that evening brought back the horrible, creeping dread I had felt beside those awful falls, seeing again that narrow path, Holmes' walking stick, and that lonely scrap of paper. Watching my friend drift closer to death, sink further from me, and be utterly, hopelessly unable to prevent the inevitable made me believe I could hear again the rushing of those terrible falls.
I began to speak again, but she carried on, ‘I wanted to thank you for findin’ John and askin’ him to write to me.’ I blinked.
He waits for Sherlock to roll his eyes at his ongoing stupidity, but he doesn’t. He just carries on, in that uncertain voice, ‘Interested. In - that sort of thing.’
I returned to my place in front of the fire, but I was no longer interested in my paper. The conversation replayed in my mind.
‘No, Holmes! No doctor.’ I spread my hands. ‘We have a doctor!’ for some reason the thought tickles me, and I laugh. ‘I am here.’
I stared back in nightshirt, slippers, and dressing gown, at nearly midnight. He didn’t need to be Sherlock Holmes. ‘Yes.’ I said patiently.
‘It’s as I said, sir, ‘e was real worldly in some ways and real innocent in others, and I jus’ want to know as ‘e’s okay, and safe, like. An’ like I say, I’ve got a bit now, from me aunt, I thought mebbe if ‘e needed a bit, jus’ to get ‘im out of trouble like. He was a gentleman, you see, sir, an’ I don’ think ‘e would ‘ave left, not without good reason, even if as how ‘e didn’t want to marry, an I thought as how mebbe ‘e was forced to- to-.’ The rush of words began to trail off under my gaze.
He glared at me. ‘On second thoughts, maybe I should stay. As you rightly say, Watson, who knows where the next case to challenge us will come from.’
He rose to fetch the decanter of brandy. ‘Not really. I enjoy your company. Although I wish it was under better circumstances.’ He poured his brandy and regarded me closely, leaning on his desk. ‘You look terrible.’
He turned towards his room. As he reached the door, I felt hope drain away, and I said to his retreating back, ‘It’s love.’
‘Not like them.’ He’s upset. John looks at him in disbelief. ‘Never like them.’ He crosses the room and seizes John’s hand, making a grab for the dog tags. John almost lets them go in his surprise, then sees Sherlock’s intent – he’s about to remove his own tag – and grabs them back.
There was a loud knocking on the front door. We froze, staring at each other, inches apart. Moments later our landlady’s voice came from downstairs.
James set down his glass. He said, in a voice I had heard him use to break bad news to patients, ‘John. What happened?’
He swayed slightly, and silence fell. After a few moments he gave a small, tight nod. ‘I understand then.’ He sounded almost business-like. ‘Would you like any assistance with your things?’ He had turned away from me again and was rearranging the oddities on the mantelpiece with unsteady hands. ‘You are welcome, of course, to any souvenir you would like from Baker Street, I have no particular attachment to anything. I take it you will be moving to Raleigh Street.’
‘Well,’ I cleared my throat. ‘You will be relieved to hear that, as expected, you were supplanted in her affections very quickly by a rival.’
‘Well Watson, it was as I feared. An abysmally average performance delivered to rapturous applause. I was invited backstage afterwards, but I made my excuses and left. Really, it was too much.’ He reappeared, cravat and cufflinks also removed, pulling on his smoking jacket. ‘I’m sure compliments would have been expected and even my acting skills were not equal to the task.’
‘On page four,’ Holmes was saying to Lestrade, ‘you will find the details of some financial irregularity that has recently been uncovered at a London bank. I would begin your investigation there.’
I have spoken little of the intervening years, other than to record the death of my beloved Mary. In truth this is because I have no wish to recall those dark times after Mary's death, and before Holmes' return. But now I find, in order to set this narrative in context, I must return to not one, but two periods of my life I have tried hard to forget. This story is not as others I have told of Sherlock Holmes, and will never see publication. Certainly not in our lifetimes. But given my friend's fame as a detective, I find I wish to set on a record something of him as a man. Future generations, those of a kinder time, will still marvel at these records of a unique and exceptional brain. But I would have them know something of his heart.
He took me in hand and I bit back a gasp. He stroked me as I had done him and I moaned aloud. His gaze sharpened as he adjusted speed and pressure, watching me intently the whole time, reading every tiny reaction. Feeling my fantasy made flesh was too much and I was on the edge in moments, mumbling incoherent words, ‘Sherlock, oh, god, so good, please, yes -.’ I seized his arm in warning. ‘I’m so close.’
He is at my side in an instant. ‘Is something wrong? What is it? Tell me.’ He is beside me now on the settee. He has seized my wrist to take my pulse again. His solicitation makes something tighten in my chest. I stare into his grey eyes, so close to mine in his concern, and I am suddenly overwhelmed with emotion I can’t quite name. I seize his hands in mine.
He smiled back, a little sadly. ‘It’s late. And after that compliment I can hardly throw you out. I have a spare room which you are welcome to.’
‘No. We didn't. Not today.' He put his other hand on mine. ‘But we will. Another day. Not every day will be like this, John.'
I fumbled for the words. He had not so much as looked at me with anything other than friendship in more than a week. Had barely noticed me at all, other than as colleague on the case. ‘It’s just...we have not, in the last week or more, and I thought-‘ I broke off, fearful lest I betray my anxiety on the subject.
‘Oh, there’s no need to bother yourself Doctor, not on your day off. I shall simply tell her that Mr Holmes is far too busy with more exalted clientele’ - a muffled thump and a curse from the direction of Holmes’ room – ‘to take on such a case.’
I had been almost unconscious, but his voice brought me some way to alertness. ‘I find that unlikely.’ I mumbled, enjoying the warmth of him against my chest.
‘Well he need hardly be a detective to track you down here.’ Holmes said mildly. ‘He need only read the Strand.’
‘God, do you talk to Holmes like that? No wonder he loves you.’ I blinked. ‘Well,’ he continued. ‘I won’t argue too hard against your flattering portrayal. But you do place me in an invidious position, my friend.’
I tried to sound encouraging, but my enthusiasm for this interview had followed Holmes out of the door. I have recorded elsewhere the events surrounding the death of Charles Augustus Milverton, and I will not repeat them here. Suffice to say that humanity at large was well rid of a man Holmes himself described as ‘the worst man in London’. That reason alone would have been enough for Holmes to refuse to take the case when Lestrade brought it to us. However, whilst we had not condoned the act, we had been present for the murder and knew exactly who had ended that odious life, and equally had no desire to see that fine lady brought to the attention of the law. I began to mentally compose excuses, even as a part of my brain wondered at Milverton inspiring such loyalty in a servant.
Holmes was frozen in place, wide eyed and unresponsive. His voice, when it eventually came, was so quiet I could barely hear it.
I expected him to make a dismissive comment about keeping irregular hours, but instead he held out the brandy and simply said, ‘I was waiting for you.’ The comment did more to warm me than the fire and the brandy combined. I smiled up at his angular face in the firelight and said ‘Thank you.’
James looked up and gave me another of his wry smiles, but this time there was a bitter edge to it. 'Are you really going to make me sit here and convince you of the correct course of action? Because I think I have expended my reserves of nobility this evening. The man is clearly a heartless bastard. Stay here.’
He was almost obscured as he sat bent over his microscope behind the dining room table, which was covered with various items of chemical apparatus. I sighed inwardly. This did indeed have the look of an afternoon’s endeavour. At the sound of my voice, he looked up, and a smile of genuine delight and warmth spread across his face. I felt myself smile back and the day was suspended as we grinned at each other like idiots. The shuffling of feet from the hallway recalled me to myself, and I said,’ Holmes, Lestrade is downstairs.’
I raised a hand to stop her. ‘Mr Holmes gives me a great deal of discretion in these matters. In certain circumstances we have waived a fee altogether if there is little effort required to reach a conclusion. I feel sure that this will be one of those cases.’
I sat forward, bringing myself closer to him, and lowering my voice. ‘Holmes. She said that –‘ I coughed, ‘that is….she was very concerned for you – for Escott. She was quite convinced that he – that you – loved someone that you couldn’t have.’ The words came out in a rush. ‘That you were, somehow…. deprived of physical affection.’
I realised I hadn’t spoken in some moments and the room had fallen silent. Miss Robson was watching me in confusion. ‘Are you alright, Doctor Watson, sir?’
We entered Baker Street together to be greeted in the hallway by a stern-faced Mrs Hudson. She addressed Lestrade firmly. ‘Mr Holmes has given strict instructions that he is not to be disturbed this afternoon.’ Her voice assumed the tone of one quoting, ‘He is undertaking some delicate and time sensitive chemical reactions.’ My spirits sank. Still, I had not had a chance to read today’s paper, so at least I would be entertained whilst I was overlooked all afternoon.
She took a breath, ‘It’s only right to say that I ‘ad recently split with Harry, the baker’s lad what brought the morning delivery, but he was still hopeful. And I tole John – Mr Escott – that, straight from the off, I said so.’ She looked at me as if I would challenge her honesty in this regard and I nodded hastily.
‘You are still cold. Your room will be cold.’ He brought my hand to his face. My fingers were cold against the warmth of his cheek. ‘You should stay in mine.’
I grumbled, but acquiesced, shuffling slowly away. As I reached the door, I looked back. He had turned out the lamp, and only light from the street lamps through the cracks in the curtains lit his slim form. Without even a conscious thought, I moved to him, drew his face to mine, and kissed him.
‘Holmes,' I began. My tone was clearly sharper than I intended, for he visibly started at my voice. Seeing how close to the edge of his nerves he was, I began in a softer tone. ‘Holmes, you really should...'
‘I was so pleased to hear ‘e was ‘appy and well and’– she blushed prettily – ‘that he thought so kindly of me, and Harry, too, for all ‘arry mistrusted ‘im. I wanted to thank you, and Mr Holmes, for sendin’ on his letter, and for sendin’ on the lovely necklace. I ‘ope you don’t think less of us, but we did sell it, as we wanted a proper weddin’ like, an’ we ‘ad enough for money towards our own little place, too, as we never thought we would –‘ she broke off. Her eyes were shining, and I smiled at her obvious joy.
‘Why don’t I speak to Mr Holmes?’ I said in as placatory a manner as I could. ‘I’m going up anyway and he can hardly object to me.’
Now it was my turn to stare in disbelief. After a moment he continued, in a softer tone. ‘I came back to London, you know, when my tour of duty concluded. I wanted to see you. Make sure that civilian life was treating you well.’ He addressed this to the fire. ‘It was after your first few cases had been published in the Strand. I read them. I concluded that my presence would be....unnecessary, shall we say.’
As I draw near home, I noticed a light still glowing behind the curtains in our sitting room. Holmes must have left it on when he retired, I thought. So I was gladdened to see the man himself in his dressing gown, curled up on his chair in front of the still smouldering embers of the fire. He was wrapped in a blanket which slipped to the ground as he stood. He looked me over briefly and moved to the sideboard, pouring a drink.
‘So if Mr Holmes could just find ‘im, like, an’ I could mebbe see ‘im, or, or even write, if ‘arry could help me. Just to end the engagement, official-like, and see that ‘e’s ‘appy....’
He grimaced. ‘Hasn’t there always? And one beyond the ken of Scotland Yard, no doubt.’ He sighed with a put upon air. ‘Alright, send him up. Tell him to make it quick.’
In 1894, after three years in which I believed him dead, Sherlock Holmes returned to me. Scant weeks later found us lodged together once more in Baker Street, and tackling those interesting little problems which the complex life of London so plentifully presents. Not all of these cases have been laid before the public, some due to their sensitive or confidential subject matter, others because their inherent nature renders them unsuitable as a narrative intended primarily for entertainment.
The medical practitioner in my mind is observing now with interest. My respiration and heart rate have increased. My mood is buoyant. I laugh at nothing. My inhibitions are decreased. I am increasingly sensitive to stimuli.
I remembered that at the time I had rebuked Holmes for trifling with the girl’s affections, although with hindsight, I had not been especially censorious. I made a mental note to remedy that when he returned from his concert. Then I recalled his hasty exit from our rooms not five minutes earlier. Upon seeing the young lady, he had suspected the conversation would take this turn, I had no doubt. I applied my pencil to the paper with irritation, as Miss Robson continued.
‘Miss Robson. She obviously said something that has disturbed you.’ His lips thinned. ‘I’m not sure how many times I need to explain that the deception was
‘Investigate the man’s business partner, Detective Inspector,’ said Holmes in his most imperious voice. He moved to the sitting room door, holding it open. ‘If you have any further questions I will be at your disposal tomorrow, but in the meantime,’ he gestured pointedly to the stairs, ‘I have my experiments.’
He took my head in his hands then, tilting it to improve the angle. I felt his tongue against my lips and I opened them, sighing into his mouth. The sound gave him encouragement, and he slid one hand down to my rear, pulling me flush against him. The action shifted us both too far forward, and we slid to the floor. He ended the movement above me, and instinctively I parted my legs to allow him to lie between them. The action brought our groins together and he gasped my name against my neck.
He was staring at me and his face was almost blank. In sudden alarm, I whispered, ‘Sherlock. Are you alright?’
‘No.’ As I moved, he tightened his grip on my hand. My movement away was curtailed and I ended up sitting awkwardly next to him on the edge of the bed.
The momentary horror seized me that he could read my thoughts, but I felt my recovery was impressively fast. ‘Good afternoon, Detective Inspector,’ I answered with a smile. ‘Are you here to see to Mr Holmes?’
I felt some tightness leave my chest. I looked up at him then, his face only inches from mine where we sat pressed together on the narrow seat. To this day I don't know who moved first. We were beyond exhaustion, beyond morality, beyond caring. In that shadow world of death and violence, the world of home was too far. His lips touched mine, and I forgot the dead and the dying, and pressed forward into the warmth of his chest, releasing his hand only to slide mine across his back, winding my arms around his surprisingly slight frame.
John says, ‘These aren’t about you. Or – or Adam. Or Mary. They’re about me. My life. My survival. The people l lo- ’ He breaks off.
There is a pause so long that John thinks Sherlock has wandered off into his memory palace and got lost. When he looks up, Sherlock does look lost, but he’s not in his memory palace, he’s just staring at John, still clutching his shirt.
He sighed. ‘Oh yes. And it is, of course. And I was going to suggest that you get as far from him as possible as quickly as possible. I was going to recommend, in fact, that you come here.’ He looked at me then and I felt a heat rise in my cheeks that was nothing to do with the fire. ‘But,’ he continued, ‘as this paragon of virtue and good behaviour you imagine me to be,’ and here he threw me a wry look, ‘I find I cannot say that.’
It was into this slightly strained atmosphere that I came down one morning to find Holmes opening the post. As I sat to one of Mrs Hudson’s excellent breakfasts Holmes threw one letter after another onto the table. ‘Boring.’ He opened the next, and scanned it. ‘Obviously the daughter in law. Why do people not reason?’ Clearly not expecting an answer, he examined the next envelope before throwing it aside unopened. ‘Tedious.’ He paused at the next, then threw the unopened letter across the table to me, commenting, ‘From a fellow physician’ before continuing through his own post, ‘And apparently this man has mislaid his sister.' Holmes seemed cheered at the thought. ‘Careless, wouldn't you say, Watson?'
I couldn't stop myself. 'Oh was it, Holmes? Was it necessary? Like it was necessary last time?' I laughed then, bitter and slightly hysterical. 'I suppose I should be grateful. At least this time I found out quickly, not three years later.' My voice rose on the last words to almost a shout and he flinched.
After a while he murmured, ‘I have been a fool.’ He was lying on his back, and I had tucked myself along his side, partly to avoid falling out of the narrow bed, but mostly to enjoy the feel of his body against mine as I drifted.
‘Yes.’ His response was immediate. ‘Yes, I do, I  still wish to, very much. I was so preoccupied, I didn’t think -’
‘Which he has apparently done,’ I said, scanning through the letter. ‘He says he has enjoyed my stories very much, had no idea I had any literary ability-‘ this caused me to smile inwardly – it was just the sort of thing James would say. From the tone of his letter he had changed little in the intervening years - ‘and,’ I continued, ‘he is an admirer of yours.’
Sherlock says, and his tone of voice is one that John isn’t used to. It sounds like he’s deducing through fog. ‘You’re not gay. We’re not a couple. You’ve always said that.’
His smile disappeared, to be replaced with a look of irritation. ‘I asked not to be disturbed. What does he want?’
For a moment I was tempted to allow her to do so, and return to my fire and my paper, but some impulse prevented me.
I said quietly. ‘He is good man. I would even say a great one. I have never known anyone like him.’ There was an absurd catch in my throat as I added. ‘I just don’t know if I can live with him.’
I bent my head to rest against his. ‘As am I.’ He murmured something into the intimate space between us that it took me a moment to decipher. ‘Three continents Watson?’
Sherlock is standing in front of him, tension in every line of his body. He looks like he’s seconds from breaking from the room. It's that, more than anything, that decides him. He’s had enough of losing people.
He laughed. ‘I am a lone traveller and confirmed bachelor. At my age, that is plenty of eccentricity to be going along with. And besides, you flatter me. My accomplishments, such as they are, are entirely undeserving of such praise.’
But he is, after all, Sherlock Holmes. I could not believe that I truly kept anything hidden from him. I had assumed that, in the turmoil of emotions that followed his return, somehow, at some time, I had betrayed myself, and that Holmes was aware of my feelings, and my thoughts, and had - I hoped – forgiven and accepted them, and chosen not to act upon them, as they were not reciprocated.
‘I – I see.’ I said. She looked from me to my notebook on the table, expectantly, and I obediently lowered my head and wrote,
‘Doctor! Doctor Watson!’ I hurried across the floor as her footsteps sounded on the stairs, and greeted her at the door to our sitting room.
I felt something clench in my chest, and drew a steadying breath. ‘Well, maybe he lost someone, a wife, perhaps.’ I doubted even as I said it. There was no reason for Holmes to invent such a backstory for Escott, unless it was to prey on the girls’ sympathies. But looking at the kindly girl before me, I couldn’t see any necessity do to so, and I’d never known Holmes be needlessly cruel.
The euphoria is fading but his hand on my face is still a source of tender sparks. I lean my head into his hand, chasing the sensation. I almost miss the flash of his rare smile as he does not pull away, but rests his hand more fully against my cheek. I lean into it, feeling a peaceful lethargy begin to settle in my bones.
For my own part, I had never allowed myself to even consider a physical relationship with Holmes. From the moment I realised I found him attractive, I had stamped on any manifestation of that thought occurring again. Bad enough that I should be unable to conceal my great affection for him. Worse that he should read from me such thoughts as would have us both arrested and jailed. His friendship was far too valuable to risk with such indulgence.
She turned to face me then, holding my hand. ‘He needs you, Doctor. I know how difficult he can be, and so soon after that terrible time too, but oh, he was so miserable after you left last night Doctor, I was worried, and he's not eaten, you know....' the flow of words came to a stop and I pressed her hand reassuringly, touched anew by her concern for Holmes.
‘I know ‘e didn’t ‘ave nuthin’ to do wif that, I know ‘e didn’t. But I am worried for ‘im. The master knew all kinds of shady types, an’ if John was mixed up wif them, he might be in any kind of trouble, ‘e might even be-‘ She broke off, gulped a breath and continued.
Utterly to my surprise, I laughed. James regarded me for a moment, then he smiled and shook his head.
She beamed at me then, and to my complete surprise, slipped forward and planted a light kiss on my cheek, before turning and walking quickly away.
I reached up, determined, and drew his face back to mine. I rested my forehead against his as I whispered, ‘You never have to. I have you here. That is more than I ever dreamed. You need never say it. Simply never leave.’
‘Oh good God man, do you have to be so bloody-‘ I cut myself off. ‘Holmes, this isn’t pity, if you see nothing else, see that.’
He frowned slightly. ‘The circumstances were not conducive to accurate deduction. I was emotionally compromised.’ Some of his uncertainty fell away as he warmed to his theme. ‘It’s as I’ve always believed. Emotions are anathema to accurate reasoning.’
I regard my roommate with equanimity. ‘So let us test your theory that this mixed solution is entirely harmless.’
We were mindless then, rutting against each other. I fumbled to open our trousers, and my hand found his hardness. I had never touched another man, and the feeling of soft skin around that hardening organ made me moan aloud. He brought his hand between us, and grasped us both. The feel of his cock against mine as he frigged us made the building heat in my body pool in my groin. I whimpered against his neck and he found my mouth again as I began to sob incoherently, ‘God, yes, please, yes.'
I spoke around a lump in my throat. ‘I will put the case to Mr Holmes. Is there an address we can write to you?’
Radiating resigned disapproval, our landlady turned back to the staircase. As she departed, Holmes appeared, still not appropriately apparelled for the concert, but at least in the right suit, collar open and hair awry. ‘Mrs Hudson is right, Watson, this is highly unlikely to be of any interest. Where is my blue cravat?’ I forget sometimes how excellent my friend’s hearing is.
John. My name. To hear it in his voice is so rare, and so lovely, I almost forget my next words. I take his hands again.
I threw him a look and he flashed me a smile. Even in my confusion I felt a sudden rush of gratitude.
‘You can. Trust me.’ I kissed him again. He thrust into my hand, over and over, his breath coming in shallow bursts. I breathed against his cheek, ‘That’s it love. Come for me.’ I squeezed his length, running my thumb over the leaking head. His body convulsed beneath me as he came with a cry that was almost a sob, tears standing in his eyes. He moaned my name incoherently as I stroked him through it, pressing kisses to his bare skin. I had never seen anything so erotic in all my life. I was painfully hard, but it seemed almost irrelevant after seeing the man I loved; my aloof, reserved, sometimes distant friend, so utterly undone. I loved him so entirely in that moment I thought my heart would burst.
I left Raleigh Street late the following morning. I knew I needed to return to Baker Street and face Holmes but my conversation with James had given me much to ponder. The late autumnal weather had turned London's parks into a riot of colour and natural beauty but I walked unseeing through it all. To my own surprise, I had slept, when exhaustion from the emotional stress of the last few days had finally overcome me, but I felt far from rested. Taking a meandering route home through Regent’s Park, I sat on a bench near the lake and stared out over the water.
I try not to sound bitter as I say lightly, ‘Perhaps I grew tired of watching and wanted the experience for myself. You made this particular cocktail sound most enticing – morphine and cocaine, in such precise amounts.’
I cut him off. 'Don't. Don't ask me what I'm upset about, Holmes. Don't you dare. Use that incredible brain of yours. Put yourself in my place.' My tone was acidic. 'What could I possibly be disturbed about?'
‘Yes, thank you, Mrs Hudson.’ I looked pointedly at the door. She fixed our client with another disapproving glare, as if challenging her to make away with the silver, and then left abruptly, huffing down the stairs.
He did so quickly. ‘Watson, I’m sorry. I should not have assumed, of course. I mean,-‘ he stopped. ‘God, I was about to ask if you’re sure. Of course you’re sure, what a bloody stupid thing to think. I apologise.’
The first one says: Charters, Adam, followed by what must be his dates of birth and death. At thirty years old. The date places it during John’s service in Afganistan. The second is Mary. And the third - he turns it over.
His unruffled demeanour falls away and he snaps, ‘Watson, for God’s sake be rational.’ He jumps up and begins to pace, casting anxious sideways glances at me.
But I knew what she meant. I had felt it. The evening of my return from Raleigh Street I had held him, to repair our friendship, comfort his distress, and we had never spoken of it since. He had held me like that. Why had I not seen, as she had, the wasteland of physical affection that lay behind that embrace?
Ten years later, I mourned him with a grief whose intensity and depth I would not have credited, then one year later, my Mary. I had not stopped grieving my friend when I lost my wife, and in the months that followed my double loss, I was not myself. I wandered the streets of London like a ghost, unseen and unmoved by all around me. I returned to my practice, and found rooms nearby. I moved from one to the other, my routine only broken on evenings when I could bear the isolation no longer and simply walked the streets to avoid the loneliness of my rooms.
Holmes was standing by the fire, one arm resting on the mantle, staring into the flames. He didn't move as I entered and I was surprised to see him fully dressed in his grey morning suit. His usual habit at this time of the day would be to have donned his smoking jacket, or even his dressing gown, in preparation to retire. He was still far too thin, and exceptionally pale. I remembered Mrs Hudson's claim that he hadn't eaten, and frowned. It was still too soon after his self-imposed ordeal to trap Culverton Smith for him to be refusing food. This concern pushed the thoughts of my carefully devised apology from my mind, and I opened my mouth to insist that he have at least some of the food our landlady had left on the table before we spoke.
I frowned. ‘I don’t recall you mentioning it to me beforehand; if you had I certainly would have objected.’
. I couldn’t bear the idea of it. I thought of all the times in my life I had been held, and the memories of that affection which both hurt and sustained me in my loneliest hours. The thought that Holmes, my dearest friend, had no such memories, no such affection, was anathema to me.
‘There is a....person... downstairs, Doctor, who is insisting that she would like to consult Mr Holmes.’ Mrs Hudson could not have looked more disapproving if it were Moriarty himself, back from the grave.
I had disbelieved him then. Would not allow myself to believe him. And now, I saw that if Holmes was afraid, then we were both afraid. Afraid to take a chance that James and Agatha had both taken without a thought.
‘What happened to my fiancé, sir. My old fiancé, that is. Harry says as how he was mixed up in the murder, but I can’t believe it, sir, I can’t. But ‘e did vanish you see sir, with no word,’ here her lip trembled slightly, ‘and the master was mixed up with some bad people sir, as we weren’t meant to know, but we did, and it wouldn’t be right sir, for me to just carry on and marry, without knowing what happened to him.’
‘Well, luckily you won’t have to sit through the interview, as you will be enjoying the excellent violin work of Signor Picarello.’
I turned back to our client, who had gone a little pale, and attempted to reassure her. Silently I dammed my friend for making no attempt to appear any less than thoroughly intimidating.
I regained my seat and took up my notebook and pen. ‘Mr Holmes is attending a concert this afternoon. I am his friend and colleague Doctor Watson; you may speak to me as you would to Mr Holmes.’
His cheeks were warm under my hands. His lips were dry, and soft. As I pressed my lips to his, he gave a quiet, aborted cry. My tiredness retreated in a flare of adrenaline and desire as his initial shock faded and he fumbled to draw me closer. I wound my arms around him and pulled our bodies together, kissing along his jawline, as his hands made vague patterns on my back. He was breathing hard, and held himself stiffly in my arms. I drew back, still holding him, struggling to see his face in the dim light.
He continued, oblivious to my interruption, ‘But now you have cast me in the role of selfless hero of humanity, I find myself obliged to be honest, which is painful, to be frank.’ He looked at me with a wry smile, and then caught my expression. ‘Have I mis-spoke? Forgive me, you know my bluntness.‘
He stopped, returned to the settee, and sat down again. He looked as if all life had been suddenly drained from him. I remembered his black moods in the wake of the Milverton case, and couldn’t find it in my heart to remonstrate with him any further.
It was early evening by the time I arrived. ‘Doctor, oh Doctor!' Mrs Hudson appeared the moment I opened the door to 221B and seized my hand, positively dragging me towards the stairs. ‘I'm so glad to see you. Mr Holmes said you might be gone some time, but I knew you wouldn't leave him in such straits.' She patted my hand approvingly.
Whilst I had to extend some mental effort for this, Holmes appeared to be entirely unaffected. His attitude to me during our daily lives was as it had ever been. He was fond, insulting, and tolerant by turns. In our nights together he was open, vulnerable, and increasingly affectionate and demonstrative.
‘She didn’t strike me as the type for romantic fancies.’ I said evenly. ‘I can’t think of any reason you, as Escott, would have deliberately given her that impression.’
He paused in the act of packing his pipe and looked at me. ‘Watson, should you ever decide to turn your back on the medical profession, promise me you will never take up professional poker. Your losses would be phenomenal.’
I looked steadily at him. ‘Holmes is not the only great man I know, and to my knowledge you are not guilty of similar…..eccentricities.’
Holmes hadn’t forgotten her. Had even sent her a wedding present from his alias. I felt warmth bloom in my chest at the thought. I determined to thank him quite thoroughly when I returned to Baker Street. I quickened my pace, eager to be home. I wondered if – I pulled my pocket watch out and checked the time. No, two forty-five in the afternoon was far too early to retire. ‘Retiring early’ had become our code, and we had recently become most conscientious about sufficient sleep, but there was early and there was ridiculous. But perhaps, if we were to ask not to be disturbed, and locked the door.... I dismissed the notion as too unsafe. Holmes would never agree, and there was no need for us to take unnecessary risks.
. And his vulnerability had been laid bare in front of this young woman. I felt a weight in my chest. All my brief irritation had long vanished, replaced by a desire to have him home, where he was wanted, and yes, loved.
So it was in 1894, less than a month after James’ letter, and not 1897 as I would later report, that a brief absence from Baker Street to attend a medical conference ended with me being summoned home by an urgent message informing me that Holmes was desperately ill.
She nodded. ‘I ‘ope you can tell, sir, from what I’ve said, that ‘e was a good man, and kind. But even the best can be led astray by those wif money an’ a good station in life. Mr Milverton wasn’t a good man, sir, God save me for speakin’ ill of them that’s passed, but ‘e wasn’t. An’ John disappeared the very day the Master was killed. ‘Arry thinks that John ‘ad somethin’ to do with it, mebbe even a hand in the killin’, even tole the police such.’ Her voice rose slightly in outrage on the last words, her accent becoming more marked.
The man himself chose that moment to slam into the room, and our client broke off with a jump. He had finished his toilette, and looked every inch the perfect gentleman. His finely tailored black frock coat flowed elegantly over his silk embroidered waistcoat and cravat, and he had finally arranged his hair into its usual slicked back formal style, which as ever, gave his aquiline face its slightly severe look.
The days that followed, in any other circumstance, would have been unbearably awkward. But we were fighting to save lives, against terrible odds, and there was no time for my anxiety and fear about the night before to take hold. Our lives went on as before, but we still lost more than we saved, and even those we saved were often ruined men. And sometimes, after the worst days, in the seclusion of his room, we found comfort in each other again.
My relief made my encouraging smile genuine. ‘Ah, I see. Can you give me some information about your former fiancée?’
He leapt for the mantelpiece, retrieved the offending item, and straightened his collar. ‘Mrs Hudson has not been our landlady all these years and learned nothing, Watson. She is developing solid instincts.’ He began to fix his collar. ‘Laying aside her ingrained snobbery towards those of a lower social standing, if she believes the case to be unsuitable for us, she is probably correct.’
I smiled and rose, opening the door for her. ‘Mrs Hudson will show you out.’ Our landlady had appeared as if by magic at the foot of the stairs. ‘And we will contact you shortly.’
‘Right.’ I said. It was difficult to tear myself away. Some part of me feared that if I left him for any length of time, this open, vulnerable man would disappear and the intimidating, acerbic consulting detective would be in his place. ‘I’ll go now.’ I stepped back and moved away. His hand made an abortive gesture as if he would reach for me again.
He nodded, his deduction confirmed. Then hesitantly, ‘But not – the night you spent there recently?’
‘And not simply as a close friend.’ He continued more quietly. ‘As a friend, I would be doing you a disservice if I didn’t suggest that you go back and tell him so, plainly and without evasion. It may be that you end up leaving Baker Street anyway, but at least you would be doing so honestly, with all out in the open between you. And in that circumstance, I would of course be delighted to see you, in whatever ....capacity..... you wished to room here.’ He looked away then, into the fire.
He was standing near his bed, and had taken off his dressing gown. He turned as I entered, hands falling from his nightshirt. I closed the door behind me, and moved to him, catching his hands in mine and kissing the long fingers lightly. I said ‘Thank you.’ He looked at me, eyes hooded, ‘For what?’
The situation that greeted me at the Palmer house was one every physician dreads. I had simply been summoned too late. All I could do was make the poor woman more comfortable in her final hours. I stayed as evening wore on and night became morning. I hope that I eased her passing, but there was nothing I could do for the distress of her family as the reality of the situation became clear.
And so things became then as they had been. Only of course they could not be. As well as an underlying anxiety about my friend's continued presence in my life which led to a near-fixation with knowing his whereabouts on any given day, I also - and contrarily - found habits of his irritating to me in ways they had never been in the past.
She threw a glance at the door Holmes had just left through, and bit her lip, hesitantly, twisting her hands in her lap. ‘I don’t have much money, sir, not enough to buy a lot of Mr Holmes’ time, I know, but my aunt died and left me a bit, and I know it’s silly, what with me having a new young man and all, but I’ve heard the stories, sir, and I thought it might not take him long to work out –‘ this all came out in a rush and she took a quick breath.
I think if he hadn't used my given name, and pressed my hand, I might have kept my slender control. But as it was, I broke down, weeping like a child over our clasped hands. He took his hand from mine then, and I expected him to move away. Instead he sat next to me on the narrow bench and pulled me to him, wrapping his arm around my shoulders. My grip on his other hand must have hurt, but I couldn't have released him if my life depended on it. He seemed to understand and simply held me, murmuring reassurance.
John sighs, debates leaving the room to stop this conversation. He sits on the bed instead. ‘Let’s not pretend you don’t already know, yeah? You just tell me what you’ve deduced, and I’ll fill in any gaps.’
James raised his eyes to the ceiling. ‘I only have your stories to go by of course, but he doesn’t strike me as the sort of man who touches people a great deal. Certainly not voluntarily.’
I cleared my throat. ‘Much as I hate to compound a lie, the only alternative is to tell her the truth.’ It was my turn to sigh. ‘And I believe she would find that distressing. She is a kind girl, motivated by concern for a man she is fond of, who she believes to be honest. I should not like her to think her trust was misplaced.’
He smiled then, some of his uncertainly falling away. He bent to kiss me, almost shyly, murmuring, ‘Always.’ I felt I thrill run through me as I reached for the ties of his nightshirt, loosening them one at a time, and revealing the pale skin beneath. I ran my hands possessively across his chest as I pushed his nightshirt away entirely. I wanted to see all of him. He shivered, and I murmured, ‘Cold hands?’
‘Of course I would have wanted.’ I said with certainty. ‘But I didn’t know. I didn’t know that this was even possible. How could I have hoped for this?’ I drew his face to mine and kissed him lightly, still glorying in the freedom to do so. He made to speak and I stopped him, brushing my fingers against his lips. ‘If there is blame to be laid then it must be mine also. It took two virtual strangers to show me what was in front of me all the time.’ My voice began to shake slightly as I continued, ‘Your genius lies in deduction, in logic. I am supposed to be the one who understands the softer emotions, but without Miss Robson I would never have spoken, and without James I would never have realised-‘ I stopped, suddenly, absurdly – given our intimate situation – feeling exposed.
Returning to our living room, I retrieved my novel, said, ‘Goodnight, old man’, and gathered my dressing gown around me, heading back to my room.
He takes it in confusion. John closes his hand over it, says, ‘I never want to need that, Sherlock, you understand? No stupid heroic gestures, no unnecessary risks. This is –’ his voice chokes, and he tries again, ‘This –’ he gestures between them ‘- is too important, right?’
I leaned over the banister and called to Lestrade who bounded up the stairs, but not after a triumphant glance at our landlady, who looked like she was trying to commit her own murder with the force of her glare.
I huffed a laugh. ‘Hardly.’ Having him so near was intoxicating. We had stood close before, in hiding, on cases, but never with this intensity, this liberty to touch. I ran my free hand soothingly over his upper arm. I said again, ‘Anything you want, Holmes. Or don’t want. It’s all up to you.’
And with that one gesture the rest of the world seems to fall away, the sounds and sights disappear and all of it is just one man. All he can see are those piercing eyes, that ridiculous hair, and that heart-breaking expression of hopeful fear.
I frowned. ‘I disagree. You have travelled the world. Taken the life altering techniques of modern medicine to the furthest corners of the world. Frequently at risk of your own safety. You have not only saved lives yourself, but trained others to do so. How many people across the globe are alive now because you visited their community? How many will be alive in the future? Don’t underestimate the value of your contribution.’
‘Ah.’ Was all he said. Then, awkwardly; ‘You would not like to retire ….with me?’ He flashed me a quick half smile.
He huffed a resigned sigh. ‘Very well.’ He looked at me. ‘You obviously have some notion how we should proceed.’
My regimental colleague, Dr James Paulson, was a slightly older, more experienced field surgeon who had seen war across two continents. I was fortunate to have his guidance at my side, but there were days when even he was overwhelmed by the blood and pain. On one such day, we had not managed to save any of the poor men who ended on our table. Time after time, we fought and lost until we were both exhausted. When the casualties stopped coming, he took my arm, and led me away from the carnage to his private room, and sat me down. I noticed then that I was trembling beyond my ability to control, and I wasn't sure I could stand again. Somewhere, he had found brandy, and was pressing it into my hands.
These thoughts had distracted me, or I would have noticed Lestrade before he hailed me on the doorstep.
He looked at me with mock affront. ‘I have an extremely active mind.’ He pressed his lips to my palm, which tickled, and I drew my hand back with a huff of laughter. ‘And I’ve been busy all afternoon. If you want quiet, you will have to find a way to distract me.’
I looked at my friend. He had stopped explaining and was looking at me, a slight frown creasing his brow. I became aware that I was not reacting in the usual way to this demonstration of his cleverness. The knowledge made me angry at both of us, and the emotion loosened my tongue.
‘I hope so. It may be touch and go for a while. She is so small.’ We sat in silence for a while before I dropped my glass down on the side table. ‘Puerperal fever. My God, have we learned nothing in the last hundred years?’ I could feel myself getting angry. ‘The evidence is clear. Disinfection, cleanliness, the simplest things, and still this happens. I give explicit instructions-‘ I broke off, running a hand through my hair. This was pointless. I drained my drink.
‘Ah, ah. None of that. You are always welcome here. At even more unsociable hours than this.’ The smile that accompanied these words was warm, and I felt myself relax a little.
Now I wondered. She had sounded so sure, so certain that he loved, that he wanted to be loved. Could Holmes truly be desirous of physical affection? Was it perhaps not indifference that kept him aloof, but...fear?
, I thought, and cast a quick glance in the direction of his room. To my surprise, his door was open, and man himself was on the threshold staring with wide eyes at our guest, who remained unaware of his presence, positioned as she was with her back to the detective. Before I could open my mouth to introduce him, he shot me a wary glance and retreated.
In spite of the late hour, he was still awake, and welcomed me with genuine fondness, if some surprise.
‘I’m sorry.’ I said quickly. ‘I should not have spoken. We can forget this conversation ever took place.’
I could hear a clock chiming three as I left the house and started to walk. There were no cabs around at this hour, but it didn’t matter. I wanted to try and walk away the night. I squinted into the icy wind. The cold air stinging my eyes and cheeks was somehow a relief. I shoved my free hand in the pocket of my overcoat, holding my medical bag closer with the other. It felt heavier than it had earlier in the day, even though I knew there was less in it. I had rarely felt so utterly useless. Logically, I knew there was no fault of mine. There are limits to medicine and those had been reached long before my arrival. But logic is very little help in the face of grief. As I trudged towards Baker Street, tiny flecks of ice gathered in crevices on the pavement, and my leg began to ache.
He handed me a glass, took the chair nearest to me in front of the fire, and we drank in companionable silence. After a few minutes, James drained his glass and set it down, leaning back in his chair.
His eyes open in horror as I jam the needle into my arm. As I depress the plunger I feel a slight pressure beneath my skin as the liquid enters my veins. I can hear my blood rushing in my ears and for a brief moment I am afraid. Then peculiar kind of peace descends with the knowledge that whatever happens now is unstoppable.
"Lucky me." Holmes piped in, cutting through John's wandering mind and bringing him back to the present.
He was amazed though how he never heard or knew much about their neighboring human kingdom. Not the names of the rulers, the history behind their stone walls, and he most certainly didn't fit in amongst the common villagers with his black embellished doublet and deep purple shirt underneath, black breeches and long black riding boots. He looked ever the piece of royalty in his get-up and as he noticed the stares directed his way, Sherlock held his tongue between his teeth lest he blow his cover.
John nodded with some confidence as he reached over to the coatrack, grabbing his only top hat. "Ready."
“Oh, love,” Rosie giggled the endearment and went to grab his trembling hand, “These are my uncles assistants, Anthea and Reese.” She pointed to the two people who had now went back to their previous engagements.
John turned to his second in command with an arched brow, "There's no trouble in a little chat, Anderson."
Sherlock rolled his eyes once again at John and disposed of the cup in his hand. He went into the sitting room and stood at the mirror, fussing with his bow tie. "I'm a consulting detective."
The two boys positioned themselves between large bookshelves in the library during lunch period. They had followed John Watson after music (where Sherlock said he would be) and with a plan in mind, now watched from a distance as the target sat alone with his medical book opened in front.
‘Not at all, Mrs Hudson; after all, we can never tell where our most interesting cases will come from.’ I laid down my paper and moved to the dining table. ‘I will hear what she has to say, and you may send her on her way if there is nothing worthy of Mr Holmes’ attention.’
‘Doctor! Doctor Watson, sir!’ I slowed my pace as a young woman crossed the road to stand in front of me. It took me a moment to recognise Agatha Robson. With a guilty start I realised I had been so preoccupied with Holmes that I had not communicated with her after our interview.
I listened from my hiding place in our darkened sitting room at Holmes’ behest; ‘Quick man, if you love me!’, as Holmes baited Smith into revealing himself, and in turn revealed his illness to be a deception, aimed only at trapping Culverton Smith. In this, of course, he was successful. I listened in a sort of dumbfounded shock to the arrival of Lestrade, Smith's arrest, and Holmes' explanation.
I waved this off. ‘My dear fellow, don’t give it another thought. Now, you know of my adventures through the Strand. You must tell me of yours.’
She continued, ‘An’ when I hugged ‘im, he held himself all stiff at first, but then he held me so tight, it was like no-one never held ‘im at all.’
‘And speak you have, Mrs Hudson. Well, Mr Holmes is off to his concert, but I have nothing on this afternoon. I can talk to her, and your duty will be satisfied.’
The room around us felt suddenly cold as I stared at her. Escott would know, surely, that character: the worldly tradesman, he would know.
‘Holmes has never-‘ I began. Then remembered Holmes’ hand slipping into mine, and said weakly, ‘That’s just…. Holmes.’
The Persian slipper fell from his trembling fingers, spilling tobacco on the floor. I stepped forward to help and he snapped, ‘I have it.’ He bent and fumbled for it, knocking more tobacco onto the floor. 'For God’s sake-‘ he cursed, his voice breaking on the words.
The sight of my dearest friend, that great mind, in such distress was more than I could bear. I had crossed the room and seized him by the shoulders before I could think better of it. ‘Holmes,' I murmured, ‘My dear, dear Holmes.' I could feel him trembling under my hands and I wanted nothing more than to pull him into a comforting embrace. ‘There is nothing you could do that would induce me to leave. I will stay here for as long as you will have me.' I wasn't even sure he heard me. I took my courage in my hands. ‘Sherlock.’ His eyes flew to mine, wide with shock. At those grey eyes, staring into mine from so close, my nerve almost failed me, so I rushed on, ‘I am the one who should apologise. I spoke without....I shouldn't have said....'
He was sitting on the edge of his bed, his head in his hands. Before I could think about it, I crossed the floor and knelt in front of him.
My army career ended in 1880, as I have recorded elsewhere, when I was shot at the battle of Maiwand. A debilitating illness after my injury had me sent home to England, to London, and eventually, to a laboratory at St Barts, where I met the man who would restore my fractured existence, and become in the process, my greatest friend, Sherlock Holmes.
‘Alright Watson, let’s have it.’ He waved a hand. ‘Hearing you accuse me of trifling with a young lady’s affections cannot possibly be worse than the scrapings of Signor Picarello.’
I moved across to my desk, retrieving the paper from the couch as I went, and took out my notepad, lest the affair be of interest. Lestrade entered, and at the look on Holmes’ face, launched into the details of the case without preamble. After ten minutes Holmes raised his hand and Lestrade stammered to a halt. Without a word, Holmes crossed the room, swept up the paper from my desk and thrust it at the confused Detective Inspector.
I looked behind her, where a young man in apprentice garb had appeared at the foot of the stairs, anxiety in every aspect. ‘Freddy!’ I said in surprise, even as I cursed his timing, ‘What on earth is the matter?’
He misunderstood. ‘I realise you suffered far more, but,’ he clenched his fists ‘- I did not know. How could I hope, how could I imagine that you would….do me the honour…of grieving for me as….as…’
I moved him back towards the bed. As we sank onto it, he drew my nightshirt away with shaking hands. His hands roamed my back, arms and sides, uncertain, exploring. As our naked bodies came together on the bed we were both trembling. I kissed him with a fervour which was returned in kind, catching his lip between mine as my hand roamed to his nipple, rubbing and pinching gently. His gasp was lost in my mouth as my hand roamed lower, glorying in his smooth skin.
‘The girl herself suggested that she would be happy with a letter from Mr Escott, once we found him, assuring her of his wellbeing and happiness, and officially releasing her from their engagement to allow her to marry Mr Anstruther with a clear conscience.’
He cut me off with a sweep of his hand. In another time I would have called the gesture imperious, but the pale fingers were trembling. I noticed then that the hand on the mantle was gripping it tightly enough to turn the knuckles white. I looked at him in alarm, and took a step towards him to speak again.
My overwrought emotions of the previous night had faded, giving me some much needed perspective. I had, I perceived with some distress, badly over reacted to Holmes' actions. Yes, it had been inconsiderate, hurtful even, but it had been done in the pursuit of a dangerous, homicidal man without whose presence London was a safer place. It had been, as it ever was, about the work. Holmes had done what was necessary to ensure the conviction of a criminal. It was unreasonable of me to expect any less from him. I had fondly imagined myself at terms with Holmes' return. Clearly, I had failed to reconcile my own emotional state and my failure in this area had led me to abuse Holmes with what to him would have been the most abhorrent emotional display.
The flat is unusually quiet, so John reaches the doorway of his own room before realising Sherlock is even home. When he sees the tags in Sherlock’s hands he says, a sudden rush of apprehension making his voice even sharper than he intended, ‘We’ve talked about you going through my things.’ He holds a hand out for the tags.
‘Do you even read your own stories?’ He waved away my response. ‘One example.’ He walked across the room, sat down beside me, and took my hand into his.
Freddy Palmer was the oldest of four children in a family that lived near the docks. His mother had been a patient of mine until the previous year, when their father had been laid off from his work, and the family had fallen on hard times. Freddy’s work brought him to Baker Street occasionally, and he would run to speak to me whenever he had the chance, updating me on his family and their lives. He snatched his cap off his head and began, his word tumbling over themselves. ‘It’s mam, Doctor, I’m sorry to come, but she’s so sick, I didn’t know what else to do. She ‘ad the babby Doctor, but she’s not been right since, and now-‘ The strong, quiet lad looked on the verge of tears.
It was whilst he was in his room, making more noise than was strictly necessary for a gentleman preparing for an afternoon of musical entertainment, that our landlady appeared at the door of our rooms.
Sherlock looks at him. He doesn’t understand. John can see it, and he’s suddenly too tired to explain it.
My voice breaks his frozen posture and he practically hurls himself across the room at me, pushing me into the settee, loosening my collar, and checking my pulse. His voice, when he speaks is almost a growl.
At that moment Mrs Hudson returned, a picture of upright disapproval, being trailed by a plain young woman whose simple clothes and shy demeanour proclaimed her station to be exactly as Mrs Hudson had indicated.
He crosses the room, telegraphing his every move, and takes me by the arm, leading me back to the settee as one would a skittish animal. I find his exaggerated care amusing. His hand on my arm is incredibly warm, even through layers of fabric.
He runs his hands through his hair. ‘Amounts that I am inured to! Amounts that would do me no harm!’
John thinks it’s a little bit disconcerting, this new considerate version of Sherlock that’s appeared since Mary's death. Considerate is a relative term, obviously, but the concept of him thinking before he just blurts out whatever he’s deduced, is strange. John isn’t entirely sure he likes it.
He turned away from the fire to face me, but did not meet my eyes. He looked every inch a man awaiting a terrible sentence, and I wanted to say something, but found myself unable to speak. Any residual anger had melted away in the face of his obvious distress. He continued, ‘I want you to know that your presence at my side for these years we have spent together has been the great joy and privilege of my life. However, I understand completely your desire to end our association, and I will make no difficulty about it. You will always be welcome at Baker Street. But I wanted to.... ask your forgiveness, before you leave.’
During my time in the army, and before, I had enjoyed the company of women. I did not consider those times in war a crime, nor did I consider them as defining my sexuality. As far as I was concerned, I left behind any interest in the male form in the sands of Afghanistan.
I stopped his rambling by the simple expedient of taking his face in my hands. ‘Holmes, it’s fine. Really. I know now. When you’re on a case, you’re busy. All the time. I won’t take it as a slight.’
She smiled shyly, muttered another thank you, and slipped after Mrs Hudson with every sign of profound relief.
‘I think,’ I say with certainty, ‘that you should have the full drug addict experience. And that means watching. With no intervention.’ I smile at him again, and he stares back in angry disbelief, his former lethargy fallen away.
He is wide eyed. ‘Watson. You are…. frightening me.’ His voice is unsteady, and lower than I have heard it before.
"Just as I left you.." he smiled softly and looked at the beautiful musical piece before him. The piano was a glistening beacon amongst all the dust, capturing some reflections from its polished surface and reflecting sunlight off its glossy black paint. John slowly sat on the accompanying stool and placed his cane beside him, stretching his arms and digits before gently placing his fingers on the cool keys.
Mycroft grinned and the turned to the driver, nodding to him and proceeded to the front door of his decorated manor. John just sat their dumbfounded as the car door shut in front of his him and began moving.
"Not here.." Sherlock breathed, gently tracing his nose up John's neck - sending goose numbs along his trail - to capture his lips into a slow but heated kiss.
Sherlock noticed the save and reached for John's wrist. John froze watching the connection before breaking the grip and jumping off his chair “I uh, should go.” He started backing up toward the front hallway, “M-mums gonna be home and I uh, should help with supper…”
Sherlock snorted and placed both of his hands behind his back. "Biscuit?" John asked, hobbling over to the side table beside the grand piano and picked the plate up from the tray before carefully returning to his spot.
"Fine!" Sherlock shot up and ran to the coatrack, grabbing his coat and securing his scarf around his neck. Once all done up, he snatched a grumpy and protesting John and placed him gently into his pocket. "If you won't eat this food, then we will find you some!"
"I think this form makes you even more demanding." Sherlock grinned, reaching for a dead mealworms and dangling it in front of John's snout. John's reaction was a tongue lick and a greedy grab for the crunchy bug.
"The killer, John! He plans to attack again, can't you see?! It's a list, he's taking them out one by one...but when...and who's next. Oh this is exciting!"
John reached for it and leaned his cane on the desk to open it with both hands. Pulling out the small note, he flipped it to read the delicate cursive. "A banquet?"
The nod alone was a signal of slow acceptance. It was a show of hand that Jacob never thought he would receive, and when he turned to face Rosie who was cooing over the love of her parents, he knew that he did the right thing. Regardless if he's been through hell and back trying to deal with the two men - even getting a gun to the face - Jacob knew one thing…
"John, you passed out at the cottage. You actually stopped breathing..." there was a hitch in Sherlock's voice that made John pause. "With Dimmock's help we were able to bring you back here. Do you remember anything that happened?" Sherlock asked calmly, and placed the bowl down on the end table beside the bed with his free hand.
The little golden boy scanned the woods with a frown until those perfect eyes settled on Sherlock once more, “Are you out here alone?”
John tried a tight smile and a quick nod in response, knowing quite well that the gesture could not be seen.
Lestrade raised his hands up with a grin, "Don't thank me yet, Mr. Watson." He rose from his seat and opened up his office door. Once John exited, Lestrade followed and went toward the stairs, "You can wait in the dining quarters, I'll come to get you if he requests an audience." With that, they sent each other a brief nod and John went to the dining area, taking a seat beside his new friend Molly.
John roared with laughter, rolling over on his back and clutching at his stomach, freeing Sherlock from his grasp.
Instead of taking a cab, Sherlock decided to take John for a 'walk', the little beastie nestled inside his coat pocket once again. As he turned a corner, Sherlock plowed right into someone walking the other way and he stumbled backward from the impact.
“It's because I've had an excellent teacher” he winked, tilting his head to plant a kiss on his mother's cheek.
John nodded, wringing his hands together and staring intently at the young man who was now seated across.
Sherlock eyed him for several seconds - face unreadable but yet a hint of sadness marked on it - before he straightened up and fled from the room without a word, slamming his bedroom door shut. John jumped at the sound and then got up to close the bathroom door and his body felt limbless and numb as he sank down to the tiled floor.
He grinned at the small ball and poked around the shopping bag before an "A-ha!" and pulled out a small woollen jumper specifically made for him. John's nose immediately wrinkled after he licked his paws to lap up the rest of the sweetness before he just stared at the small outfit that was jokingly put on a equally small clothes hanger.
John shot the elder Holmes a look before following behind the taller boy to the street. “That's Mycroft. In another life, I swear he was born a cockroach.”
Sherlock, this time, didn't miss the annoyed look that flashed over the other boys face before closing them again.
He froze. Eyes widening when they met the grey and blue spheres. "Y-you." He spoke, unable to really process anything in his mind.
Mycroft clasped his hands behind his back, "In all sense of the word, Sherlock, we have re-constructed the same serum but instead used John's complete human DNA."
John couldn't take it anymore, couldn't repress his emotions and feelings after living in close proximity to the man who left him breathless and speechless at his own deductions. Clearly Sherlock would have been able to deduce it by now, the quickened pace and breaths from his chest to his reddened face,
"That would be highly unethical and biased, John. If I were to test out one of my experiments and something were to happen to me, I wouldn't be able to record the outcome."
The car ride was silent which gave him more than enough time to take in his surroundings. More importantly, the very fancy interior. Wait. Wait a minute. This was no taxi. Polished leather seats ruled the interior and as John quickly glanced to the driver he bore a well tailored suit and polished driving cap.
John pulled his hand back toward his body, scrambling to pull his jacket over the exposed flesh before snapping the textbook shut. “What are you doing, Cheekbones?” John snapped.
"I haven't finished collecting just yet.." John plopped down on the seat behind him once again and went to tug at the front of Sherlock's trousers, pulling him closer so that the man was now situated on his lap, straddling his hips. John felt the warm and pleasurable pressure against his groin, as Sherlock's hips rocked forward with a cheeky grin.
"Of course..." John sighed and removed himself from the bench, hobbling over to the window, looking out onto the London streets.
"John Watson." The boldness seeping through his own pores startled John. Why was his heart picking up speed now that this man was about to leave? Has the temperature risen? Maybe Mrs. Hudson should put a fan in here, this rooms never been this warm.
Sherlock shrugged and turned a corner, long and slender legs aiding in the quick strides to the class.
"Have you come for me too?" John joked, waving a hand at the young man who's eyes widened instantly.
Sherlock reached him and gently turned him around in his arms, taking in the dried blood that still remained on his face with an attempt that tried to wipe it off. John's eyes were red and weeping and tears riddled his cheeks. It was the most vulnerable Sherlock had ever seen him and his heart broke a little at the sight. He didn't even think twice when he pulled the boy into his arms, and John burrowed his face in his neck.
for that matter - but the expectation put upon him by his father, and the role his older sister had set - becoming a secretary in parliament - John was forced to compete.
is not a brute!” Sherlock had just about lost his patience, voice rising as a result. His family never bothered to care when good things happened to him - now only giving two shits that he's having issues at school. "Instead of bothering with keeping me in check, why don't you waste your breath by asking our
Stuck solely in a cave for the past twelve years really put things in perspective for the young dragonling. Days were either spent on experiments, sulking or both. Either way, Sherlock kept his journal up to date and even circled one event in particular that changed his whole outlook on the world which he lived in. Days were long, nights...even longer.
When the car door was slammed shut, and the window back up to block out the cool wind, Sherlock slumped down in his seat and crossed his arms over his chest with a scowl. “Look what you've done! Blown my cover for sure!”
"Y-yes sir." He replied, tongue feeling incredibly dry. He fastened the case as best to his ability to the back, hoping and praying that it wouldn't fly right off, and then hesitated by the back car door.
Lady Mary bowed and outreached a hand to be kissed before smiling brightly and batting her lashes at the flustered prince, “It's such an pleasure to meet you, your majesty.”
Greg's brows were knit together and his mouth slightly agape as he turned to Sherlock who had abandoned his experiments on the kitchen table, and now dawned a cup of tea. "Whe-ho-..." Greg lifted a hand, and took a breath of pause before continuing, "How do you two know each other?"
"I-its alright." He mumbled and started for the stairs, trying to position himself to ascend them safely. "I am a poor and beaten man, Mrs. Hudson. You're not wrong there." While still staring at the ground below he continued up to steps, reaching the second floor.
"Well," Holmes shifted so that both feet were planted on the ground, and hands meeting together in his lap. "Go on."
,” he spat “All my life I've dealt with you're kinda people and look where it got me!” John shoved Sherlock back into the wall and marched to the loo doors. “I want double tomorrow, Cheekbones.
The violinist shushed him by the pluck of a string and turned on his heel to face his stand once again. "From the beginning."
"Christ, Sherlock." John massaged his temples fiercely and proceeded to the bathroom, giving up once again to deal with the difficult man.
He heard his mother and sister scream and call his name before Johnuin’s eyes popped open, registering his surroundings. The crowd went wild; bodies scrambling for an exit while cries and a sound he could not place, shook the room. Moriarty has proven his point about childhood fairytales as one stood in the centre of the ballroom now, reaching so high it almost touched the ceiling.
She went to them both, kissing their cheeks and giving them hugs before returning to Jake and entwining their fingers together.
"Oh John, are you running around getting into fights with government officials again?" Sherlock grinned.
Johnuin hummed in agreement, eyes slowly closing as he listened to the steady beat of his mother’s heart, “Did you know any dragons, mum?”
Sherlock caught on and sent another face the doctors way, causing John's Adam's Apple to bob in discomfort. "It's quite catchy." He squeaked, folding his hands together in resignation.
It was on an afternoon the week before the event, John was thumbing the edge of the morning paper when Sherlock burst from his bedroom door. "John!" He called, stomping over to the doctors red plush chair. His face was lit up like a Christmas tree and his curls sprang wildly from his head.
“Then how the bloody hell you gonna explain what happened to your face? Christ, Cheekbones, you should get yourself checked to see if they did any damage.”
"It's a message, Lestrade! Four pips and then three after the news of William Murray." Sherlock continued.
“Why'd you stay after class?” Greg asked, attempting to open a bag of crisps without causing them to fall all over the grass.
“Johnuin!” She called again, but was faced with the deafening silence around her. Yela walked along the perimeter of the water as the sun began to set and the world around her slowly changed to night.
Sherlock walked into Sherrinford Institute with sashayed confidence and little care. Being his first day in this new state school, and away from an all boys public Institute, left him a little anxious. Mycroft, his older brother had assured him multiple times that this is simply just a new chapter in his life and to ‘just go with it’.
“Any kind of flame, my love. A flame is a dragons most precious and thoughtful gift, and once they offer it three times, it means that they want you to be their
John immediately went to claw at his ears as he felt the heat of newly formed tears run down his cheeks. "You said you would be safe! You lied! You bloody lied to me damnit!"
"No need to excuse yourself in front of me, Molly. You are clearly excited and it's lovely to see you so happy." John smiled fondly at her while trying to calm down from the news of Moriarty.
Stepping up to their destination, Sherlock held the door open for John. As John walked through his mouth dropped and he rounded on his companion. "What are we doing here?"
John couldn't help but nod at the encouragement and stepped in with a look of awe. The machine was quite astounding and comfortable, especially when he was taking it to his new employment and home.
"No, Sherlock!" He chuckled, sitting up straight and turning to face his partner. "I mean why are we here?"
Johnuin stood up and bowed, kindly addressing the room before taking his seat once more while he waited for his mother's speech to finish. His eyes gazed lazily around the room, noticing the looks of several young woman and men eyeing him intently before he caught he sight of ice blue orbs staring directly at him. Johnuin's breath caught in his throat.
A large smile captured the woman's mouth as she opened the door wider and scooted to the side, offering the doctor more room to squeeze through. "I was told that Sherlock would be getting a new flatmate, but he never mentioned it was you!"
Mycroft had made his way over to Sherlock's leather chair and took a seat, crossing his legs, and turned to John with a tight smile. "And how are you, Captain?"
John stood beside him; rugby jacket still on his shoulders and bookbag hanging from off his back. The medical textbook he always carried was held in one arm while the frown on his face deepened as he started at Moriarty. The one thing though, that Sherlock couldn't help but notice, was that John Watson's hair was actually styled. There was indeed product in it today and the amount of care was noticeable right away.
"You woke up this morning from a terrible nightmare you regularly have of your past. You planned on unpacking all of your cases this morning but just resulted in unpacking one. Your clothes. Probably because you were unable to after the night you had,
Mycroft sighed but let Sherlock be, closing the door behind him with a soft click. Sherlock heard the retreating footsteps down the stairs before tapping the play button on his mobile for Bach to continue.
Sherlock let out a loud sigh once he reached the hallway, closing the door behind him. It was worth the hassle he kept telling himself, trying to convince his own conscience that he didn't just put the life of his husband at risk. It was over now, the deed was done.
He charged at the door, crashing through, and halted once inside. John definitely misjudged their speed. Not even a second later, the taller man rammed against his back, pushing him forward, and causing John to trip over some ceramic pots, before landing face first on the ground. His Lordship didn't have a choice in the matter either, following suit and landing right on top.
John sat down in the opposite chair and dove into his frankfurters and beans while Sherlock stared blankly at his baked potato and corn on the cob.
Lord Holmes pointed to John's chest and he followed it to the little purple bloom that was still nestled in his breast pocket.
The car stopped out-front Speedy's cafe and once again the driver stepped out to open John's door. "Will you be needing assistance with your bags, sir?"
The numbering of 213a caught his eye as he made his way into the classroom and scanned the seats selectively. All of the young faces surrounding him were busy chatting and gossiping amongst themselves. Girls in pigtails and chewing gum blabbered amongst themselves after giving him an eyeful, and the boys just blatantly ignored him, deciding it was better to arm wrestle amongst themselves. Sherlock scanned the whole room until his eye landed on a seat right next to a tanned young man with dark brown hair and premature grey strands, who was sitting off in the corner and surrounded by empty seats.
John stayed still while gently giving little licks to the flat of Sherlock's palm before looking up at him. It was odd for an animal such as this to have anything else other then beady black eyes, but this wasn't just any old hedgehog. This was John, and John had deep blue bulging eyes that made Sherlock's heart sink.
It took a moment to realize what the pamphlet actually said but as it fully processed, John seized up; right hand reflexively tensing. "I-I haven't played in a long time...."
Sherlock had to admit, John had talent. There were times when class was dismissed where Sherlock would take a minute to pause in the hallway to hear him play.
John headed over to the shed and loaded the gloves into a bin before he noticed the sacks of pulled weeds. They were, no doubt left aside to be thrown into the forest out back after they dried up, and John took a peek inside anyway.
Hope you enjoyed the chapter, with everything thats been going on in regards to the series I just wanted to do a cute little piece as a way for others to relax and hopefully calm down either before watching the episode, or after watching it :)
John nodded and slowly hobbled behind his friend as they proceeded out the now deadly silent pub - John carefully scanning around the room of watching eyes for the man with no luck- and onto the cold streets of London.
Sherlock went to help John up but his hands were pushed aside and a desperate look flashed across John’s eyes which caused him to pause.
John was ready to charge to the house, but it was rather far away and both men would be drenched to the bone if they tried to run for it. It was then when he spotted the shed. It was a little distance, yes, but a lot closer than the house.
“Nothing, dear.” Jake tried to reply cooly and composed to the best of his ability, “Your parents seem uh…very nice. V-very nice indeed.”
John stepped back from the embrace and Sherlock looked to him with worried eyes and rows of wrinkles on his forehead that John wished to kiss away. "I....."
Sherlock whispered, delicately wiping away a stray hair from John's forehead."...let's get the hell on with it."
John's eyebrows furrowed at the somewhat familiar voice. He grabbed his cane and got up a little too fast, causing him to wince, and walked to the doorframe.
That word haunted him in his sleep and brought up memories from his past that he never wanted to look back to. The one word that he thought for sure he would be rid of once arriving in London.
“I wouldn't say so either, Cheekbones” John replied, a light tone now etched in his voice, “Let's get you up and to the nurse's office then, yeah?”
“Yeah, that. Having him as a ‘bodyguard’, was your idea! Plus after all that he did for ya, you kinda freaked out a little.”
It was a little miracle that found him after returning back, a little stroke of luck in the dark - and looking over to the man that changed his life forever after just their first meeting, was enough for him. It was more than enough, far too much. John took a moment to take in the lean yet muscular figure, slowly bringing his eyes up to the milky pale skin of a neck - peeking through the collar of a white button up. He finally ventured to stare at the piercing eyes - that captured his whole body like a siren - along the sharp cheekbones, and then the sleeked back dark head of hair that fought to disobey the forced style and return to a mass of curls. John licked his lips, his attention brought back by the deep baritone voice piercing his senses.
Teachers burst through the doors at that moment, rushing to the crowd of kids that were now circulating the event and cheering at the tops of the lungs. It was then when Sherlock felt a tug on his hand and was lead by Miss Morstan to the head office - catching the last glimpse of John before being pushed passed the ring of bodies.
Jake loaded salad on his plate to appease his one tough critic, Mr. Holmes, and then turned to load up on a dish that he couldn't quite name other than ‘thing with peas’ which he knew Dr. Watson prepared. He dug into it with a forced face of enjoyment as Mr. Holmes sat at the head of the table staring directly at him with an unreadable face.
"No need to play dumb with me, Mr.Watson." His Lordship rose from his seat and deftly walked over to stand in front of the shorter man. John couldn't help but breathe in the sweet smell of honey, smoke and a hint of lavender. "I am many things, but one this I am not... is unobservant..."
"Unbelievable!" He breathed in exasperation and turned to the older woman with mouth slightly open and brows tight together. "How do you still allow an insufferable man like that into your studio?!"
It didn't even occur to John that the little endearment had slipped out. He did notice however, that there was a slight tension in the other man for a split second, before it was gone and filled instead with pure desire.
"Anderson. Mr. Watson may I inform you that Anderson is anything but efficient. He's slow and struggles to impress by his work."
The familiar voice he heard calling his name caught his attention and he looked through the dimly lit lamp light to see the face of his flatmate.
The boys left the building together chatting away and completely ignoring the fact that Greg still remained standing awkwardly in the hallway. He had heard the whole thing.
John just gave him a pointed look and he sighed, sliding down into his seat even more. If Sherlock Holmes needed to sulk, he would sulk. "Fine. Don't drink it."
Carl Merchent - his body hardly recognizable - lay sprawled out and headless on the cool tile floor. His head was removed and rested on one of the slicing machines; a trail of drying blood guiding the men to it. The smell wasn't all that great either, mould and the scent of death filling the small room. It was a scent John was quite familiar with and as he leant down carefully to take a better look, it completely filled his nostrils.
It seemed that his comment didn't effect only him, and he saw the man readjust himself and open his mouth slightly. "U-um, I- I believe so. Yes."
Mycroft sat crossed legged on Sherlock's seat and idly fiddled with his umbrella handle. "They're trying their best, Sherlock."
“No, Mrs Hudson. It's just-“ Sherlock's mind clicked into place before his eyes widened in recognition. Of course…..he cleared his throat before continuing, “Mrs Hudson, are you aware of the rumours behind John Watson? The one where he pushed that boy out the second story window?”
Sherlock just shrugged, arms crossed over his chest as he leaned against the sink beside his acquaintance, “There has to be something we can do to make them stop.”
“Don't be an idiot” Sherlock smiled and he saw John's cheeks colour at the remark but the grin not falter.
"You carry yourself with power and strength yet you feel you lack a sense of moral, odd that you could feel that while carrying an old '
“Lovely to see you again, Mary.” Moriarty smiled, eyes darting around the classroom all while a hint of something Sherlock could not place, lingered in his eyes.
Sherlock took a breath, completely forgetting the short boy was still behind him before he heard that very voice clear itself. “I’ll say it again - since your brain is too thick to even register - WHAT are you doing here? Or better yet, how did you find where I lived.”
Harry groaned and stomped over to tower over her younger brother, “It's Harry now, I've told you that!”
John zipped up his bookbag and shook his head in disbelief. He hoisted it on his shoulders and forcefully grabbed the lapels of Sherlock's uniform shirt, “It's just my luck that I ended up trusting a snob like
"Mrs. Hudson! How wonderful to see you again on this fine day!" Sherlock pushed past John lightly and walked up to the counter to be greeted by the warm embrace of the kind, older woman.
"Bit not good right now." John mumbled and paled at the hardened look he received from his flatmate.
I'm sorry its such a short chapter this week x.x I've been super duper busy! Hope you enjoy anyway :3
Sherlock's eyes shot down and he quickly shoved a hand in his pocket, grabbing hold of the flailing limbs. Of course, he completely forgot to clamp down the little mouth because two seconds later little squeaks and chirps erupted.
Another slick black automobile was headed down the gravel road, but this time it was a lot more regal looking. The front hood was stretched further, and it looked to only have two doors on the side rather than four. John couldn't help staring as the car gradually made its way up the gravel path to stop directly at the front of the house. A young man appeared from the drivers door; he wore a beige driving cap, a white baggy cloth shirt that had flowing sleeves, a cream coloured vest that procured his lithe frame, and matching cream coloured breeches with black riding boots. John had to admit that the young man looked quite stunning, his dark hair and pale skin contrasting against the warm tones of his outfit.
Sherlock emptied the water into the mugs and grabbed a bendy straw from one of John's 'clean' drawers, waiting until the tea had cooled a bit before placing it in his husbands mug. He set the mug down beside his tiny creature and bent the straw down for easy access. He was about to walk back to his chair to sulk some more when John had managed to walk to the end of the table and let out a small huff.
When they made it back to the house, unfortunately it was the servants door that was the closest. Once Sherlock had stepped over the threshold, everyone was greeting him warmly and standing at attention.
John got up from his seat and walked over to his daughter enveloping her in a big hug while he whispered something in her ear. Jake could only imagine what he said while his fingers tapped impatiently on the door handle. When she was finished with her goodbyes, and the three gentlemen held back their snarky remarks, the couple left the flat and waved down a cab.
John felt weak and lifeless, his arms felt like gelatine, and his eyes as heavy as rocks. He could have sworn he was laying on tiled ground, but he couldn't be sure. There were several hands on him then, frantically going from his face to his chest and then back again. He tried to cry out, to yell out 'surrender' but it was hopeless. He was now left -
"Enough of the chit-chat, Braddock," Anderson cut in, "Lord Holmes will be returning tomorrow and these weeds need to be taken care of."
Moriarty faked a laugh but stood up none the less, brushing a hand down his uniformed shirt. “Can't stop from trying, am I right, Johnny boy?”
The driver nodded politely to his superior and looked back to John; the same dumb look plastered on his face that made the doctor just want to punch him.
John shook his head with a grin, "I beg to differ, Mr. Davis, I consider no flower a weed. They are tough and strong plants that take quite a beating but always seem to pull through. I admire them."
Griff told him to be careful but really…how harmful could John Watson be? Especially after the bloke had stood up for him just the day before. None the less, Sherlock parked his bike on the walkway and unzipped his bag to pull out the medical textbook before walking casually to the front door and knocking.
“How big you’ve grown, my son. I am proud as any mother would be that you have become such a kind and handsome young man.”
Just then the classroom door flew open and three suspicious looking fifteen year olds marched into the room, hands in pockets and manic grins in their lips.
John was absent from class once again and because of that, Sherlock's mind was everywhere but in the classroom. He had flubbed several times on the violin which made Mrs Hudson shoot him some questioning glances. It was when the class was emptying and only Mrs Hudson and Sherlock that remained, when she approached him on the matter. “Sherlock, would you mind staying for a few minutes?” She asked, gently closing the lid of the piano. Sherlock clicked the last clasp of his case closed before turning in her direction.
The gardener didn't hesitate to pull of his coat and throw it over the other man's head. There was a slight noise of protest from Holmes, but John paid no attention, grabbing his hand and running toward the wooden shed.
Sherlock flapped his hand in the direction of the stairs and tisked, “She’ll probably be another hour. Do not concern yourself with the goings on of my daughter and her routinely schedule.”
"No!" John's voice was rising, fear seeming to grip on his mind and throughout his body. "Y-you don't understand....I haven't played in front of a crowd s-since before the war...."
“No, of course not little menace,” she chuckled, “but with a little bit of work and time, we can create a flame so beautiful that even a dragon can appreciate."
took place. With both the news of Bill Murray and the approaching banquet that was being held next month, it was needed for John to stay in the confines of 221B for a while. Easier said than done.
Sherlock could feel the fake skin on his body prickle as time went on slowly with Mycroft’s dangerous glare on him. He already knew he messed up by venturing beyond the cave before his twenty-fifth year into dragon maturity.
"Afternoon, Ladies and Gents. Before we get started on this afternoons chores and preparing for his Lordships return tomorrow morning, we have a new member to our team. May I introduce you all to Mr. Watson." Lestrade stood at the head of a filled table that sat maids, kitchen staff, footmen and several outdoor workers. John stood up from his seat and politely bowed his head with a kind smile. "Mr. Watson will be covering Mr. Briggs' position as head of gardening and outdoor staff," Lestrade continued "He comes to us from a very long journey all the way up North London."
They walked in silence, John's eyes glued to the cobblestone pavement, until they reached his flat. Mike said his goodbyes and usual "if you need anything don't be afraid to call" spiel before he left and John staggered up the familiar stairs and straight to his bedroom.
Greg patted the young man on the shoulder before giving him a once over, “Well the taste isn't off, is it Sherlock?”
trip." The man slowly began walking in the direction of the car, stopping just a little in front of the driver. His lips folded in in a smirk as he pointed just below his own eye.
"A woman her age would still be quite capable to do it though sir, if I may ask, the woman did have children, did she not? She would be prone to be a mother hen."
"Thank you Mike for your assistance, I will get back to you if I fancy anything. Good day." Without any response from his - now speechless - friend, he turned on his heel down the hallway once again. He grabbed his coat, furiously throwing it over him and plopping the cap on his head without care. Glancing over at Molly he noticed she remained silent, eyes wide with a timid look on her face and he bowed his head politely at her, leaving the office in a huff.
Yela frowned, “Just because you've never seen one doesn't mean they don't exist, Johnuin. And I'll tell you a little secret...”
John's eyes followed the voice and saw the unruly musician sprawled out on a quite comfortable looking sofa. He wore dress pants and a shirt and had a royal blue night-robe draped around his stretched body. "What's wrong?"
The two of them walked out the back doors, John still supporting Sherlock around the waist while the boy's arm slung over his shoulder. The whole time they walked down the street and to an unfamiliar pathway, Sherlock's couldn't help but tense with the thought of John Watson's hand on his waist.
!" There was red before his eyes, clouding his mind and conscience. It took only a few seconds before the ragged intakes of breath and shallow gasps brought him back to reality. His legs shook violently and he released his hold, eyes going wide in realization.
Sherlock opened the door and pulled John inside, locking it up and sneaking a glance out the side window. He didn't know if John's father had even bothered to chase them down, but at the same time, he didn't really care. His hand was like a vice on John's wrist and the heaves of their heavy breathing were the only sounds that broke through the front hall.
The thoughts ceased however when the man in his arms made a sound almost as if attempting to form words but failed. Sherlock looked down at him and noticed that his eyes were still closed and heavy. He subconsciously picked up his speed as his feet lead him in the direction of the dragons. It would be a bad idea, of course. A very very very bad idea. But it's the only plan he has, and Mycroft would have to deal with him before he could even lay a hand on Johnuin.
Jacob tried his very best to not even move a muscle once he entered the sleek, black car. Across from him a posh looking lady was silently tapping on her blackberry while a bigger and solid looking man beside her was eyeing him carefully.
Sherlock smiled back down at him with a faint blush, “This is a big turn of events, you thanking me.”
“Ah, Jacob,” John smiled, cocking the slider of his Browning L9A1 and aiming it casually at the frightened young man, “come for tea?”
Sherlock scoffed and rolled his eyes, "John, why would I ever wish to win over and please the fair sex? I hold them great respect, but they are not my area of choosing, as you know."
A light pressure on his chin brought his gaze back and a warm, chaste press of lips to his own flooded his mind and left it blank. He didn't even realize his eyes were closed until he opened them and was graced with a light blush and a small and kind smile.
Lunch-time came and John headed over to weed out the gazebo out back, noticing Braddock on his hands and knees with a bucket of soapy water, washing the planked floors. "That enough, Braddock, take your break."
"If your going to kill me...." his voice raspy and dry, heart beating rapidly in his chest "do it now... and let it be quick."
"And so you should be." Sherlock marched over to the buffet table and scooped in two teaspoons of sugar into a cup, before adding the dark liquid. John assumed it was either tea or coffee.
The queen rose quickly from her spot and scanned the tree line of the woods before bringing her attention to Harriet once more, “How far did he go?”
John laughed and then thanked Mike for the chat and the alcohol before setting back toward his home. Taking a deep breath from the chilly London air, John hoped that he was ready to face the sulking mass which waited for him.
His heart was going crazy, just as his brain was replaying everything that had happened. Did he do the right thing by abandoning his brother? Was fate leading him to save Johnuin by being there? What would have happened had he not been spotted by Moriarty, let alone gone to the human party at all?
“Surprise” Jim was the first to talk in the group, walking up to them and putting a hand on Wilkes’s shoulder so he backed out of the way. “We both know that this has been going on too long ‘Lockie, I want my money and I want it now.”
“I'll take it,” John said, starting to lead once again down the road. The two of them continued toward their destination until they were right in front of John's flat. Sherlock looked up at it with an arched brow, wondering why in all hell John would have taken him there.
Sherlock shot up from the couch and ran to the kitchen like a speeding bullet, opening up cupboards and scavenging the fridge for possible food items that would please his new small companion.
I thank each and every one of you for taking the time to read this fic and also to those who have left a kudos and/or comment. Your encouragement and input is brilliant and much appreciated!
"John...John! Where are you going?" Sherlock asked, looking up briefly from his recent composition still in the works to notice the army doctor pulling on his long brown woollen coat.
The three of them were lined up in height with the Adler and Wilkes characters on either side of the smaller more disturbed looking Moriarty fellow. His dark hair was gelled back and his uniform lay prestige on his frame while he tossed a red apple in his hands.
Mycroft was definitely not lying when he told Sherlock about testing gene splicing. Of course. All that government testing and giving Sherlock the-
After Greg looked over to Sherlock and found there was no answer coming out of him, he cleared his throat and brought his attention back to John. "I best leave you to it. Sherlock, John, keep in touch." Greg bowed his head and went to put on his boaters hat before turning to leave and walk down the steps.
Knowing better, Sherlock set his husband down and watched as John carefully marched over to the edge of the bench, walking along the plank carefully so not to fall off.
Sherlock had remained situated in the living room...waiting...while the noise from the shower, and John's humming, filled the flat. He had checked his watch frequently and decided to pace the room instead as a better way to spend his time.
John's fists clenched at the memory and mentally shook his head. "You know that wasn't my fault.." he mumbled.
The little boy rubbed at his right eye with a balled up fist before walking over to the large sized bed and extending his arms to be picked up. Yela chucked, grabbing the candle from his hand and setting it down on her bedside table before reaching for her little boy.
Johnuin's eyes widened until they could go no more at the sight right in front of him. It looked as if Sherlock had grown a set of horns and claws as well; mouth open in a growl with hefty looking teeth to match. His skin glowed from the candlelight around the room, making the exposed flesh on his body shimmer, at the same time as it picked up a purplish hue. If things couldn't be even more straightforward that Sherlock was indeed a dragon, a long and proportionate tail to his human-like body, swayed causally at his back.
Sherlock’s hands reflexively balled into fists at his side and was about to take a step toward this waste of a man before John had stepped in front of him.
Much like last class, Sherlock rolled his eyes at the tedious name calling and waiting for others to respond dutifully. When Mrs. Hudson had reached his name, he stuck a hand up and then crossed his arms, scooting further down his seat.
John's eyes widened. He lunged backward, bumping into the mud wall of the trench and yelled. Kneading his fists into his eyes, he sank down to the ground, whimpering; feeling as like a child. He shook in fear before a sturdy and warm hand placed itself on his shoulder.
A nauseating feeling washed over him before he attempted to beat it away. It's just dinner...just. Dinner. Setting himself upright and testing his legs to see if their shaking still had the ability to hold his weight, he proceeded upstairs to his bedroom for a quick change - and hopefully some means to calm the nerves.
Warm droplets of tears ran down his cheeks at the thought of his comrades and seeing the body of an old friend dismembered and mangled. He took a shaky breath and the strong scent of smoke, mint and just
Jacob swallowed hard and his heart rate picked up. He was getting very nervous and fear gripped him, causing his hand to latch tightly on his mobile and his face go completely pale. Before he had any time to answer, there was a click on the line and dial tone started up.
Sherlocks mouth opened up several times but closed right after; as if words refused to leave that gaping hole.
The man eyed him once again, looking somewhat confused. John grabbed at his cane and slowly pushed toward him, stopping at a civil distance and reaching out his hand. "My name is J-John Watson."
This was more than what he needed right now. Sebastian Wilkes had nearly drowned him during physical activity in the school pool, and as of a couple hours ago, his bike tyre was officially done for, thanks to Irene.  Now he had his annoying older brother to deal with, playing the role of father since his own was too busy focusing on his career than to focus on his growing children who had lost their mother 2 years prior.
When he went inside - through the servants entrance this time - and to the dining room, a group of the kitchen staff were just finishing up the cooking and setting the table for the staffs dinner. Anderson was huddled in his seat in the corner next to the fireplace when John walked in.
"S-sir! I was sorting the delivery of vegetables this morning! It were the carrots that contained some remnants of dirt from their harvest."
“Mycroft, I'm not going out in public dressed like a wizard from the Seven Isles! I'll wear what I initially picked, or stay in this cave for eternity, as you so graciously put it before.”
They waved and said their goodbyes once again before John set on his way home. Sherlock had remained in his spot and just watched the figure move in the distance. The one thing that blocked his mind palace, however, was the comment John had made before cutting himself short.
When John entered through the gate and walked back up to the house, the outside staff were already starting to pack up. He smiled to himself as pride swelled in his stomach at the great work they had accomplished. It was a shame he wasn't around to help out, he supposed Anderson was in charge durning his absence.
Sherlock was able to see the flare of anger and something almost like betrayal flash across the shorter boys face before he opened his mouth to speak. Nothing came out. In fact, John shut his mouth when the noise of the flat's back door being slammed open cut through the heavy air between them. Heavy and drunk footsteps made their way toward the shed and a grave, unsettled look took over John's face.
“He doesn't seem to be in the mood, mate, maybe we better give him some space” Lestrade commented but it was said upon deaf ears as Sherlock took that opportunity to run.
Sorry for the delay! I was just finishing up school and now that I'm finished I will hopefully have more time for updating!
“As long as you keep you head up and mouth shut you’ll do fine,” Harry winked before adding, “You’re nineteen years old now, Johnuin, so sadly you need to give up your fantasy embellished mind and the thought that dragons might actually exist.”
The bobby looked back at the curly haired gentleman and then back to John. "The cripple's with you? You really-"
"You are too kind, Mrs. Hudson. That would be lovely." He responded and proceeded to the back room, closing the door behind him. The room smelt a little musky and damp, as if it hadn't been used in several weeks.
"Oh sod off!" John laughed, tackling his husband to the ground and pinning his hands above his head, "Just promise me that experiment testing will be limiting and non-life threatening. At least on me, that is."
Johnuin rubbed the sleep from his eyes as he stretched out on his bed, bones and muscles craving the movement until they cracked and set into place. This was it. Today was the day that he was now considered an adult at court.
The door slammed behind him and Sherlock remained plastered to the wall; anger still brimming inside him.
The height didn't even bother John in the second that it took to grab the taller boys uniformed collar and pull him in so that their faces were mere inches apart.
