It was then John realised how tense he was, rolling his shoulders and relaxing against the mattress.
David went through the events of the last six days calmly and methodically for John, stopped to answer questions and queries where needed.
"You understand, John, we can't wean your oxygen off if it's dropping by that much."
"Hey!" John snapped, pushing Sherlock in the chest. "Remember what I said? Deep breaths" Sherlock looked at him from heavy lidded eyes, his chest rising and falling awkwardly as he tried to steady his breathing. John placed his hand back to his chest "Breathe with me."
"What was that about?" He asked, shuffling slightly. Greg gave a small laugh in response, scrubbing a hand over the back of his neck.
Throughout everything, John was painfully aware of Sherlock's eyes on him, brow furrowed and mouth closed in a thin line.
(This fic is un-beta'd, sorry for any errors)
As the doors closed and the engine started, John looked over his best friend. The stark lighting of the ambulance made him look so much worse than before, his skin a horrible shade of grey and his features too prominent. The paramedic worked over him quickly and carefully, hanging fluids and connecting more monitoring. John didn't realise he was crying until she turned to him.
"I'll be at the nurses station, feel free to check through his notes if you need to, John. I'll let you have a minute and then I'll give you a full handover." David said quietly, smiling slightly and turning on his heel. John and Mycroft looked at each other in silence before John tried the door.
It was a beautiful moment when his brain finally managed to discifer the noise into something he understood.
John sat back in the god awful wheelchair and sighed as David chatted to Sherlock. He was still exhausted, knew without checking that his blood pressure was low. His hands were shaking, fingers cold to touch. He took deep breaths through his nose, trying to calm his spinning head.
When David did enter, he smiled at Sherlock. Sherlock did no such thing in reply.
John nodded silently, letting his eyes close for just a moment.
John smiled slightly. "I'm okay." He said quietly, voice still hoarse and painful. He reached for the glass of water on the table in front of him, and David lifted his oxygen mask to enable him to take a drink.
A large man in blue scrubs entered the room, holding the door behind him. He nodded to each of the men in turn.
John stiffened slightly, Sherlock felt it beside him. "Why didn't you call me?"
“-wha?” Sherlock breathed.
"Just leave it on for a while." He said softly. "Can't do any harm."
"I'll get one of the doctors to come and speak to you, why don't you try and get some sleep?"
John nodded, "Will you be back tomorrow?"
His room was still darkened, and Frankie was still perched at her desk in the corner, looking up at him from her paperwork. It can't have been that long since his 'episode', but John did wonder why she was still there.
John let himself relax once more, tomorrow was okay. Sherlock would probably be ready to come off the ventilator by then, so long as all was going well. He nodded.
John wakes up on the wrong side of the bed, literally.
"Nurse Lestrade." He muttered, eliciting a chuckle from the other man.
"Not likely, that oxygen needs to stay on, and you haven't consumed your IV fluids yet."
"Well done, Sherlock." David said, fiddling with the monitor above the bed. "Do you feel alright?"
Every movement was hard work, and the wash was almost a waste of time once he'd got comfy, sweat beading on the back of his neck.
John pulled Sherlock forwards slowly with one hand, his other trying feebly to undo the remaining button on the front of his shirt.
Looking over the monitors, John felt slightly more at ease. Sherlock's saturations were maintaining at 92% and his blood pressure wasn't too bad at 103/52, even if slightly on the low side. His temperature was high but John was hopeful that the paracetamol might take some effect. John noted that Sherlock's heart rate had remained high since he returned home, and was still hovering in the low 130s. He made a mental note to keep an eye on it.
John moved over to Sherlock's side, shaking him slightly.
He was a middle aged man, slightly younger than John but with a thinning hairline none the less. John wondered for a moment why Mycroft considered him to be the best for the job.
“We need to move you. You can’t stay down here.” He said quietly. He knew he needed to treat whatever it was Sherlock had, and he couldn’t gather all the information he needed from on the floor of a bathroom. Sherlock nodded silently, his eyelids drooping. John shook him slightly.
"I'm a doctor," John barked at her, probably too harshly. He'd lost count of how many times he'd had to tell people his occupation. "I need to be back there with him." She shook her head and squeezed his shoulder. John didn't want her pity.
“I’m gonna need to examine you, Sherlock. Then you can have some medicine and go to sleep, yeah? Try and breathe” He dug around in his bag as a small nod from the other man confirmed he’d be acknowledged. John pulled out a digital thermometer, set it to zero and took Sherlock’s chin in his hand.
A junior doctor made his way in shortly after to do his ECG and take some bloods.
As Frankie handed over to Aimee, John tried not to listen. He didn't want to hear her describe his symptoms, he could feel them enough as it was. He focused himself on Sherlock instead, the other man still listening to the Doctor talk.
"I'm n't good, am I?" He mumbled. She smiled slightly.
Amongst the spinning, he made out the odd person. Greg was definitely there for a moment, then Mycroft. They leaned in close to him and said words that his brain couldn't make out.
"Take care of him, John. I trust you will get in contact with me if there are any changes?"
"We've managed to stabilise him and get him up to ICU. He's got bilateral chest drains in and he's still on the ventilator. We thought it best to leave him on it until his lungs are clearer and he's gained some strength back."
David was standing in the room, along with two other doctors. They were chatting, and turned as Greg pushed John towards them.
John repeated, the monitors screaming in the background. This was so wrong; breathing used, dirty air into Sherlock Holmes' body. It made John feel sick to his stomach, and tears stung his eyes as he came up for another breath.
Peripheral Cannula - a small catheter inserted into a vein just under the surface of the skin. Can be used to give medicines and fluid. Need to be changed or removed every 3 days.
"Sherlock? Can you open your eyes for me?"
He blamed the drugs for his inability to diagnose; shouted at a junior doctor to stop his morphine immediately.
And that was that.
Frankie leaned forward into his eye-line. "Are you alright John?"
"This is horribly -cough- uncomfortable you know John." He said quietly, voice still muffled.
"I just came to see how you were doing." He said softly. "And to apologise for what I said yesterday."
It took the help of three people to get him onto the mattress, and he could have cried in embarrassment; could hear Sherlock shouting at people to 'be careful, that's his bad shoulder'.
All the numbers flashed red in unison, and John scanned them, his panic rising with each one. Blood pressure through the floor, heart rate over 160 and rising, oxygen saturations 60%. He swore under his breath.
He swallowed thickly, nodding.
Sepsis - Or Septicaemia, refers to an infection that has spread and caused bloodstream involvement. The body's natural immune response to the infection can cause multi organ failure and death if not treated quickly with antibiotics.
He moved to speak, but David had a hand up in front of him.
The central line was bugging him already, the sticky plastic dressing irritating the skin on the right side of his neck and making him itch. He reached up a hand to feel around it, finding three ports, all of them running and in use.
He re-adjusted himself at the realisation that the flat was seemingly empty. His and Sherlock’s chairs sat just as they had been when he had left, and case notes lay strewn carelessly all over the desk as usual.
"What is it?" He asked her.
John poured his coffee away, too fed up to make himself a fresh one, and took this opportunity to take stock of what Mycroft's servants had provided him with. He pulled the heavy bag over onto the sofa and sat down beside it, laying the contents out on the living room floor.
“John, why don’t you go home and take some time for yourself? You look like you’ve seen a ghost.” David said quietly, keeping his voice low to avoid the nurse sat beside him hearing them. John swallowed thickly, shaking his head quickly.
She was beaming wildly at John, who just settled back slightly in the bed.
“I need you to talk to me. When did this start? What are your symptoms?”
He looked around him. Some kind of relatives room; pale green walls, a coffee machine and 8 padded chairs. He perched himself on one of them, allowing himself a deep breath and scrubbing his face with his hands again. He pulled his phone out with shaky hands, thumb pressing on Mycroft's name in his contacts list. He almost didn't realise the time; 06.13am.
“Basically, it’s what you would expect of an advanced bacterial pneumonia.” David said, pointing to a black-and-white chest x-ray film on the computer in front of him. “Mainly right-sided, but the left is showing some involvement too. That right lung was almost totally collapsed when we scanned him in A&E.”
"That's it, easy. Try and breathe, Sherlock" John's other hand laid on his friend's chest, feeling his heart pounding from the pressure. The coughs seemed to last forever, and John found himself wincing with each gasp of breath Sherlock took in between.
John couldn't help but think that 'circumstances' may just refer to Mycroft Holmes.
Extubation - Removal of the tube placed during intubation.
"Don't be daft, you don't need to apologise. We're just glad you're back."
Had this chair not been so uncomfortable, he might have done just that.
As always, thank you so much for reading, comments and kudos are always welcome!
John didn't want to hear that; hated to think of himself being a nuisance to anyone.
"John, look at me?"
As they continued their walk through the hospital, David briefed John.
"How do you feel?" He asked Sherlock, walking towards him.
John said nothing, just frowned at him.
All he could think about was making sure Sherlock was safe. He’d
Sherlock did not argue. He trusted John, and he felt too miserable to argue. Besides, if John didn’t know how to make him better, who would?
"You don't need to be sorry." Sherlock said softly, returning the mask to John's face. "I'm glad you're back."
"Sorry John." Aimee said softly. "Just need to check your blood pressure."
His ears registered first; mumbled chatting a few feet away. Male voices? Lestrade?
Sherlock's eyes darted between the people stood by his bed, returning to John each time. John didn't know where to put himself, knees shaking in an attempt to remain standing despite his exhaustion.
John listened, flipping Sherlock's arm round and taking his hand, giving it a gentle squeeze. He found a vein quickly enough. "Sharp scratch, Sherlock."
"Not yet, John." He said softly. John nodded.
Sherlock and David just stared at each other for a few seconds, David's mouth agape and his mind whirring for an answer to satisfy Sherlock Holmes.
It was so demoralising, having people see him like that, especially medical professionals. John had to constantly remind himself that his problems were mental, not physical.
Sighing, John left the room and eyed his coffee on the kitchen side, now stone cold. He pondered for a moment what might have happened to the great and powerful Sherlock Holmes had he not come back from his holiday when he did. Would he have lived through it? John doubted it.
"I'll give you some time, John." He said, reaching into his pocket and pulling out a mobile phone. John recognised it to be his own, and took it gratefully as Mycroft handed it to him.
She nodded quietly, "Have a good day, Doctor Watson."
He swallowed thickly, feverish eyes looking back to Sherlock.
He took this opportunity to update Mycroft, pulling his phone from his pocket. He dialled the number quickly, taking a seat in his chair as it started ringing. The older Holmes answered after only one ring.
John knew it would pass, of course he did, but he wished it would pass sooner. The whole room spun uneasily in front of him, and he took deep breaths through his nose to calm it. At least it seemed to work.
'Please Sher, don't-'
Thank you so much for reading. As always, comments are welcome xx
"Not right now buddy, sitting up is better for your chest and your breathing. Just bear with it." Sherlock nodded quietly, and John almost didn't hear his apathetic sigh. He knitted a hand into Sherlock's hair once more, scratching his scalp lightly.
His hand wandered to his pocket as he contemplated texting Sherlock first, but pulled away when he realised the implications that could have. What if one of the men heard the phone and knew he was here? He just had to go for it.
There was silence for a few moments, John and Sherlock just staring at each other. Frankie and David stayed quiet, and it happened that the loudest sound in the room was John's heavy breathing.
He couldn't cry, bowing his head to give another breath. He was shaking, but he had a job to do. Sherlock Holmes was not dying today.
The man smiled cheerily at him, leaning forward in his chair.
The clip made its way onto his left index finger once more as the cuff blew up, and John groaned as the pressure exasperated the tingling in his hand.
I apologise for any mistakes, all of this fic is un-beta'd and so it's likely some will crop up at some point.
John looked fragile, like any small touch might hurt him. Sherlock's yearned to reach out to his friend, to hold his hand and perhaps offer a little comfort if nothing else.
John's brow furrowed; he was calm. This wasn't a panic attack.
"Hurts" Sherlock wheezed, pained eyes fixed on John's face.
"I think it's chest related. I'm prescribing some broad spectrum antibiotics either way." David continued, placing the now filled blood bottles in a plastic tray and removing the tourniquet from John's arm. "But we'll wait and see the x ray result."
"Hold your arm out for me, mate" John asked, tugging the blanket back and securing a blood pressure cuff around Sherlock's outstretched and shaky right arm. He noted the cool clammy feel to his skin and re-covered him with the blanket.
Greg's face fell slightly. "I don't think they want to wait, John."
bobbing in Sherlock’s lap is a revelation, beautiful and sacred enough that it would surely make saints weep. Sherlock can’t get enough of it: how John’s lips become thin and pale as they stretch wide around Sherlock’s cock, then grow plump again as they let it slip out, leaving the shaft shining with saliva.
“I’m quitting the surgery,” John said. “Or at least I will do. I typed up my resignation letter this morning.”
(Would John still be wearing his shoes, or would he have removed them before the foreplay had progressed thus far? Did it even matter? Why did it matter? John would never have worn merely a vest beneath a jumper, yet Sherlock’s mind had no problem conjuring—
She didn’t even know how to respond. What did one say when their best friend and flatmate offered to have phone sex with them? Probably something like
The last bit was said with a pointed glance at John’s coat, which John hadn’t removed and which still concealed his pistol in the inner pocket. He considered denying the insinuation, but it would be far too easy to prove he was lying.
So Mrs Hudson had chosen the thin, cat-sized (dog-sized, really, but fortunately some dogs were about the size of a cat) jumper with a camouflage design. Perhaps not technically a
Sherlock,
Every few thrusts, Sherlock’s cock drags across his prostate, the pressure brief but intense, but that’s pure accident, John knows. Sherlock doesn’t care a whit about his pleasure at the moment; he only cares that John isn’t stopping him, is keeping his head down and his bottom up and letting himself be used.
What could it hurt?
.” The word was spoken as a description, in no way underlining the original raw ache that came with it. The silver gaze left her face and turned to regard the blonde, bewildered at how devoted he seemed at the display. “Do you know what that’s like?” She asked, and Sherlock pressed his lips into a thin line in order to attempt to keep the words inside, the answer now more dangerous than he had believed at first.“Like someone
object of great value. Useful, because nothing
—‘Daughter of the Leviathan, and unknown mother.’—
alike.”
resentful awareness of an advantage enjoyed
A person who is actively adversed and hostile
“No.” John answered in seriousness; catching the expressive silver eyes with his own and motioning his boyfriend over to them. “
“Super.” Sherlock answered in what seemed to the prince a highly sarcastic tone. The blonde believed he was never going to understand what was going on with this boy; whether if he was just playing him, or if he genuinely was that moody and rude; or both at the same time. He supposed he would just have to know him better to be able to tell.
The girl behind him stared at him with sympathy in her eyes. Despite being worried herself to lose her friend, she still found it fitting to feel pity for
“And this love I feel for you is completely ridiculous,” The blue-eyed commented, smiling handsomely at his direction, as if he were not sorry of said fact at all. “You make me want to just dance.” John’s dancing skills left much to be desired, but thankfully, the prince was well loved among his subjects, so the act caused more fond amusement than actual humiliation. He shook his arms and moved his hips clad in the blue uniform, to which Sherlock couldn’t help but chuckle.
was my favourite.” She said, her words transforming into something more wistful, a distant memory as she smiled crookedly. “You already showed me heartbreak,”
“Ha!” Mary laughed, actually,
“I do regret some things,” Mycroft said from behind him, his slender fingers adjusting the silk tie he wore. “But I believe coming here was the best thing that could have happened to me.” The statement seemed loaded with so much meaning that the blonde was hesitant to keep prodding. For most of their lives they had been unable to talk about this issue. John due to his ignorance about his friend’s true identity, and his advisor, for fear that the revelation would erase any camaraderie and trust they had built over the cycles, ending with a probable time spent in jail if the luck gods were in his favour. The other felt he could not really blame him for thinking that way; they
The king blinked, his chest raising and falling as he twisted around. “And as my gift-”
“Oh, there you are, dear.” An excited voice came from behind them. “Everything looks so beautiful, love.” Lady Hudson said, as she placed an affectionate hand over the girl’s shoulder. She fussed over her granddaughter’s hair and smiled at Greg in greeting. “We just need to ladle out the punch before the sherbet melts,” She said. Her eyes twinkling under the lights. Molly opened her mouth to decline, but no sound came out from her lips before the woman kept talking. “And keep those forest rascals out before they do away with all the biscuits again,” The tone had turned annoyed, almost furious at the nerve of the men to disrespect the royal family in such a way. The girl’s big brown eyes stared at the rebel in panic, apologetically shrugging her shoulders as she nodded along with Hudson’s rant; clearly not knowing what to do. Greg laughed nervously, raising his eyebrows and placing his hands inside his trouser’s pockets. “A bit rude, isn’t it?” She said. “To steal food when-”
(See the end of the chapter for
inhalation of, water. As the victim is
the source of hostility.
, from getting the wand. That he would betray John’s priorities so carelessly was proving hard to swallow and believe. Suddenly the ropes tying him up felt more constrictive by the knowledge.
“We don’t know.” John answered; another wave hitting them and causing him to reel backwards. His hand never leaving Sherlock’s and the rebel’s wet curls jerked back and forth as he examined the restless water.
“A game?” Sebastian chose the moment to speak up. “I feel like we’re in tot-school again.” He commented, a hint of mock in his tone. Everyone stopped and Victor stared at him in warning, but the other didn’t seem to heed the ginger arched eyebrow, instead marched on as he chuckled. “Are you also going to let him call you shri-” At that moment Victor grabbed him by the shoulders and began dragging him away; Seb just then realising his mistake.
suited for this, specially since every other kid in the field was mildly-to-very afraid of him. You didn’t have to be a genius at deduction to notice.
Greg Lestrade was standing in the middle of the field, wearing the right uniform and crossing his arms in an expression of dubious disinterest. John approached him and waved, to which he only got a half-hearted scrunched of eyebrows in return. They were fun —these kids from the isle. “This is Lestrade,” The tall man said, waving the papers he was holding in obvious sign of its official state. “And he will be joining us at regular practices from now on.” He announced, and both Greg and John looked around for the second head that should be among the players. “Where’s Sherlock?” The blonde boy asked, raising his sight up to the coach in wait for information.
“It’s all fine,” The blonde said. Smiling sadly at him like the first time John had realised just how different things back at The Isle were. A mixture between a deep sadness and determination, like he would never give up until he saw it fixed. Sherlock would catalogue the look, were he not busy having the equivalent of a cornered-animal reaction.
My poor Sherlock. What do you think he should do to fix this?
The three of them easily slipped past the guards of the building and went out into the night, with determination written on their faces and nothing more than trouble in their minds.
He looked
Greg leaned back on the lockers next to where Sherlock was retrieving his books, making an effort not to open the door too much, lest anyone could get a peek inside and find out how many
“Knowing me, you’ll probably have countless opportunities.” Sherlock smirked, and bent over to pick up the discarded crown off the floor. He turned around and placed it perfectly over the blonde hair. He took a step back to asses the look, John smiling but not meeting his eyes in confused awkwardness; but Sherlock frowned and wrinkled his nose at that: there was something wrong with the picture. The violet-haired boy took a step closer once more and reached out to skew the golden crown on his head, grinning a cheeky smile when he was finally satisfied with the more adventurous result.
Let me know me know what you think.
—‘We’re all just half-siblings.’.—
His lips broke out in a smile, looking at the king almost as breathless as he had been at the start of the evening. “This is
“Greg,” Irene said, with unmasked panic in her voice. “Where is John?”.
“Wait!” Irene yelled back after him. “Where are you going?” Her drenched hair around her face was almost black in the near darkness inside the sea creature’s prison.
The kneeling man stayed silent, his hands quivering behind his head and his chest bouncing as he whimpered in terror. He was supposed to be a formidable villain, but against the force of James Moriarty no one ever seemed to be able to battle for long.
The athlete then chose to ignore the heavy knot inside his throat and bravely stepped forward. Taking care to inspect the other quite detailedly. “What!?” Sherlock asked at the face of the scrutiny. “What!?” He repeated, when no explanation seemed forthcoming; apparently his —normally meagre to begin with— patience was gone too.
The younger boy smiled, and reached out a slender hand. He curled his fingers over its length and took it out from hiding. “Brilliant.” He whispered as he inspected the most powerful wand in the magical world, its force the only sort of magic that worked underneath the dome, as it was the object that had created it. The bright sparkles it gave almost blinding at the stark contrast against the grey clouds in the sky. Sherlock replaced the wand inside the bag and joined his hands in anticipation. At least he looked satisfied at the inspection with whatever it was the wand required. “Keep it hidden until we get there.” He said to Lestrade, as the other nodded.
” The prince was adamant to stress. “Is over there. Sherlock?”
I would love to hear (read) what you think about this chapter? Can you imagine John doing that?
So, who of you saw that one coming? I would love to hear what you think.
(See the end of the chapter for
The older man turned to look at Irene in question, as if to find out what had him so riled up. “He completely struck out.” She explained, crossing her legs and leaning back on the love-seat she had invaded. “He’s been going over every page in that book for hours.” She complained. “I placed one of my crown circlets on his head earlier and he hasn’t even noticed.” She gestured, to which the other moved his head taken aback, only to watch as a silver ring of metal dropped from his curls to the floor dully.
Sherlock sighed. “You know what that is.” He said, fractured glass shattering inside his chest. “I packed it last minute,” His hasty words sounded like blatant lies even to his own ears, digging him even further inside the hole. “As a precaution, in case it rained or-”
you.”
were not going to become permanent, the real reason why they were there was already hanging above them like a shading cloud wherever they went. Still, The Great Schemer beamed at his son, completely oblivious to what happened.
directed against certain individuals,
However, none of them expected the girl to reach out her hand and dip her finger in the mix, only to return it to her mouth and consuming what was to become their weapon of attack. “No!” The three rebels screamed in unison, worried at the implications a half completed potion could deliver.
After a few moments the king was looking down at the Leviathan’s daughter. At Sherlock’s
“Shit!” She murmured, frantically searching through her purse for the discordant item. Losing her desire to be discreet in the silence of the classroom as the time went on and the height of her desperation rose. Sherlock chose to look at the scene two seats down from his; seeing as he had finished his test nearly ten minutes after they had been handed out.
After that, the crowd dissipated. Going to find shelter and peace after the horrors they had faced that day. John and Sherlock had chosen to stay behind, leaning over the railing and contemplating over the horizon.
“Thanks, mum.” He mumbled, trying to escape from her dotting grip. “By the way,” He said, trying to pose for the camera and look princely while breaking the news to his parents. “I brought someone.” He said, and his dad’s face broke out into a big grin; he, above anyone else, wished to see him married and with a proper family a few cycles after ascending to the throne ‘
How do you think he will do that? Let me know in the comments.
“Sherlock, I know this is quick but I already told you what I feel,” He continued, his expressive blue gaze softening at finding his own even after the sulk, and the argument, and Sherlock just being his weird and troublesome self. “Do you feel the same way for me?”
The boy with the violet-coloured hair rolled his eyes in exasperation and gestured the others to keep going, he couldn’t wait to get away from the scene and back home.
would otherwise not offer. To be done properly,
I know this took longer to upload, but I always strive for perfection and I hope you think it's worth the wait.
The prince frowned and exhaled a harsh breath, “They won’t disappoint me.” He assured. He didn’t even know where that passionate and deep loyalty to his new acquaintances came from, but he just knew there was so much more to them than the surfaced betrayed, and he doubted that if he didn’t try, anybody else would bother.
“It’s Molly, right?” He asked, his deep voice resonating on the powder yellow tiled walls. Did everything in the kingdom just had to be some shade of pastel colour? Have darker shades never been introduced to these stumbling humans?
At this, the others were approaching again, probably to figure out the expression over their faces. Irene frowned when she saw him, but the other three just appeared amused at his utter gloom. Janine placed an arm around Molly’s shoulders in camaraderie. Her big grin loaded with a wistful quality. “With that enthusiasm, I can hardly wait to see how you’ll be when your wedding comes around, Sherlock.” She said, as a collective halting silence descended upon the group.
“It’s
Let me know what you think.
The truth was that in situations such as this, the rebel often tended to over-experience details, and that —on top of everything else— was yet another reason to overwhelm him. The soft yellow blanket under them was scratching the sliver of skin that peeked out from his trouser legs, and the glow of the light reflecting on the lake felt horribly blinding. Thankfully, blocking part of his view and most of the light was John; sitting in front of him with that shit-eating grin on his face. Happily munching on the fourth appetiser of the afternoon.
The brunette girl stopped and turned back around, her eyes fire bottled up. “And by the way,” She said. “This is exactly why we broke up, Anderson.” With that, Donovan left the arena and walked away.
Molly, however, didn’t seemed to notice much about his exasperation; At least not more than how he usually was, she just carried on with her big eyes and the soft brown hair that she went back into using in a high ponytail. “Right, sorry. So, as much as I hate to-” She stumbled through her words, grimacing when she apparently didn’t find one she liked.
As the prince passed by the gathered crowd lining up both sides of the trail, his subjects made a vow. Graceful figures clad in the softest of fabrics reverencing down as an expression of loyalty to their new sovereign and coming back up in a strange dance. John approached to the front and grinned at Sherlock, the boy lightly bent his knees with an unwanted smile on his face; but as soon as the prince had passed the moment turned sour. When they started on this mission he had believed glory and a ridiculous amount of fun would be the only things they had in store, he didn’t anticipate the complete devastation John would make of his very insides, and now, the violet-haired boy was left standing as everyone else was still vowing down, a straight
betraying someone else’s trust or allegiance, specially by attempting
covered with liquid and unable to
“Hello.” His mother was the first one to recover, always keen on not judging a book by it’s precedence —although that axiom always seemed to be suspended when it came to the Island.
The moment passed, and the wheels kept on spinning, approximating him to what would probably be the most important minutes of his life, for better or worse. After a few more quiet breaths, John appeared to have gathered the courage to ask what he wanted and turned around to look at him. “Sherlock,” He said, and the boy just raised his eyebrows in acknowledgment. “Would you wear my ring?” The blonde said, extending a hand and offering said item to him, yet Sherlock felt he couldn’t accept it, he was barely able to keep up the farce as it was, there was no need to get in it deeper than it was necessary; than he already was.
Sherlock found some comfort in that, in telling her about the man he knew John to be, not the weak figure in the bed before him.
"He's doing really well! Looks much better, he's breathing on his own now, sedation should come off tonight and then the tube can come out apparently!"
John turned and looked at Sherlock with a pitiful smile on his face, he had to admit, the other man didn't actually look much better. His face remained flushed and sweaty, and his breathing was still laboured and wheezy.
John watched through half lidded eyes, hand fiddling with the sats probe on his finger, as she swapped the almost-empty bag of fluids for a new one. Still stat rate; blood pressure no better then.
John would like to say it annoyed him, but Sherlock's playing sounded like home; warm and tangible and real. His eyes were flickering shut again when it stopped.
He squeezed Sherlock's fingers slightly. The man's face was moving side to side now, eyelids still twitching.
Hope you like it, I’m a fan of this chapter!
Heart rate was elevated, 117 now, and his BP was borderline 92/60.
The other man's eyelids were twitching now, and John looked up to see one of the doctors fiddling with the infusion pump on the other side of the bed.
"He had a panic attack."
ICD - stands for Intercostal Chest Drain. A drainage tube inserted through the chest wall and into the pleural space. Drains air or fluid from the intrathoracic space in the chest cavity.
"Apparently so, did you hear what happened?"
"How is he?"
He hadn't realised how long he'd been sat there, head down and focusing on breathing. As he looked up, he caught David with a tube in his hand. It took him a moment to recognise that it was the same one that had, a few seconds ago, been down Sherlock's throat.
John sighed outwardly, feeling more responsible than ever for leaving Sherlock on his own for the week. He should have known it was a bad idea.
"But we don't know yet. Chest infection seems the most likely considering the increasing oxygen requirement. He's going to discuss it with his registrar."
John rolled his eyes, but couldn't help but smile slightly.
"'m fine." He mumbled, tiredness pulling at him.
"It's alright, Sherlock, I'm here, just breathe." Sherlock's eyes met John's and he slowly settled back, eyes blinking slowly. The alarming from the monitor took longer to fade, but as Sherlock relaxed against the pillows, his heart rate crawled back down below dangerous levels. The shrill noise ceased, replaced only by a quick beep, matching his heart rate.
"I need you to take some deep breaths Sherlock, as deep as you can." The panic in his eyes must be evident, he thought. His mind was scrolling through facts, figures; oxygen saturations, time. Sats can't be above 70%, no way. Needs oxygen, now.
Frankie took a step round, her body coming slightly in front of where John was hunched over Sherlock's bed.
John's eyes cracked open slowly. He noted that it took him a second longer to come round.
John leaving Sherlock for that length of time was never going to end well really, was it?
Greg and John chatted idly for a while, until Frankie flitted back into the room, slightly flustered.
By the time Greg had helped him to stand, he was sweating and the colour had all but drained from his face. He took the chair silently, allowing Frankie to guide him slowly into it while he caught his breath.
(See the end of the chapter for
It took a few moments for his vision to focus, and yes, he definitely recognised the face in front of him.
“but ‘m freezing” He said softly. John sighed.
"39.4" he sighed "Can I have a go at putting a cannula in you, Sherlock?"
David spoke again, cutting into his whirring thoughts, as though reading his mind.
She double checked her watch. "It's twenty past ten. PM."
John would have thought they'd knocked him out, if it weren't for the continued alarming of the monitor. His chest still heaved unnaturally, but things were definitely calming.
"Careful. You've got a central line, John."
These alarms, for once, were nothing to do with his anxiety.
Sherlock felt something in him jolt, a pang of sadness sitting heavy in his chest.
This is a looooooong one. (Sorry)
It was irritating; shouldn't he feel better by now?
“M’ cold.”
"I'll be by in the morning, John." David said quickly, leaning over him. "I'll be sure to let you know if there are any developments with Sherlock, okay?"
John had started to despise that question. He sat and thought about his answer for a moment. His limbs felt heavy from the after-effects of the Midazolam, and he still ached something awful. His headache had gone though, and the room definitely felt more peaceful.
John nodded, his mind flicking through substances the detective could have come into contact with, viruses, poisons.
"Sherlock, you were sedated and ventilated, how on earth were we to tell you?"
Intubation - (In this case tracheal intubation) Placement of a tube into the windpipe, to maintain an open airway and to facilitate ventilation of the lungs.
He didn't need telling twice, his eyes drifting closed. He was out within seconds.
"38.9"
"I didn't think it was this bad, John." He said meekly. John looked back to Sherlock, whose chest was rising and falling gently; a comfort in itself.
"You need to wait here for a bit." She said quietly.
"I'm fine." John replied. His eyes wandered awkwardly in his lap as he avoided the gaze of his best friend, pretended every atom of him did not ache to lay down and sleep. "I wanted to be here when you woke up."
"You're daft." John sighed, shuffling down on the bed and closing his eyes. "Now go to sleep."
His arm was heavy and swollen as she placed it back down on the bed.
There were other voices, and then someone pushed something on his face, plastic, and held it there. There was a warm feeling travelling slowly up his arm, and then the lights went out.
He couldn't, he couldn't open his eyes and subject himself to the torture of the bright lights above him, of the wires binding him down in this bed. He could have sworn he was going to vomit there and then.
Sherlock was taken aback, stiffened and tilted his head at the doctor.
"What the-" He started, pushing with his arms behind his back in an attempt to sit up.
"Last time you woke up you didn't." Sherlock continued. John sank a little bit at that, his chest tightening ever so slightly at the thought of upsetting his best friend.
"Oh! You're awake." He exclaimed, voice louder now.
John smiled, he'd forgotten. Damn, Mycroft is good. "Hi Chrissy, come on in." He laughed quietly at himself as the girl carried the machine through the threshold and into the flat. "He's just through here."
"Afraid not. I'm going to get chest physio to take a look at you as well, the nurses tell me that when your oxygen came off this morning your sats dropped to 80%."
The monitor continued to alarm, saturations down to 58% and blood pressure so low it couldn't even get a figure.
"Anyway, we avoided invasive ventilation, which is good. The BiPap came off this morning, the humidified oxygen is doing the trick as a replacement. As long as you don't take it off." He raised his eyebrows, John frowned back at him.
"Ah, John!" David said loudly, grinning at him. "Nice to have you with us. We've just begun weaning the sedation down."
John nodded slightly. "Thank you, Mycroft."
He'd never expected to see Sherlock Holmes like this, always a man of stature and presence; now so small and vulnerable in his hospital bed.
John wanted to correct him on his title, but to be honest, he didn't really care enough.
"M'sorry." He mumbled, mouth dry from the oxygen.
“What hurts?” John spoke loudly, trying to keep the attention of the other man. His fingers found a quick and thready pulse at Sherlock’s right wrist.
John might have been annoyed that they'd sedated him, had it not felt so good to be free of the anxiety. Clearly, it had been necessary.
He did as he was asked, annoyed that it seemed to take him a ridiculously long time to do so.
"What's that?" Sherlock asked, his eyes following John's hand as he disconnected the empty paracetamol bottle.
Mycroft had a gaunt expression on his face, anger and annoyance clearly present. John was slightly shaken, and let himself relax back into the bed slightly. His head was pounding, and he had to admit he was exhausted.
Thank god for Mycroft Holmes and his minions.
The monitor shrilled loudly as John grappled for his phone, his other hand roughly fumbled for Sherlock's carotid pulse. He dialled the three digits clumsily, feeling the too quick and too faint thrum of Sherlock's pulse beneath his fingers.
"Christ, Sherlock." He muttered. "Sats of 69% and a heart rate of 163, how are you still conscious?"
John’s brain wasn’t working.
John's eyes drooped, the last of the tension finally leaving his body.
Tachy - short for tachycardia. Refers to a resting heart rate over 100bpm. Can be completely harmless, but can also be a symptom of other conditions.
"Hello, Mycroft."
At least this was quieter.
John was asleep within moments, ragged breathing evening out slightly, and Sherlock took only a moment to look him over before looking up at Aimee.
John looked at him with wide eyes, slouched over slightly.
As he made his way the few steps towards John's bed, small signs told John that the younger man wasn't yet completely recovered. He cradled his chest as he walked, his proud gait now more of a shuffle. He looked good though, and John had to wonder who he'd shouted at to get two chest drains removed and be up and about within three days of extubation.
"I will ring if there are any problems." He replied.
John busied himself preparing everything he needed to cannulate, and even managed to find his phone in the meantime. Sherlock had almost drifted off to sleep by the time John made it back to his side, and John managed to palpate a suitable vein in the back of Sherlock's left hand without any complaint from the other man.
BiPap - Bilevel Positive Airway Pressure. A type of Non Invasive Ventilation, provides pressure via a face mask both on inhalation and exhalation to keep the airway open and facilitate breathing and oxygenation. Prevents need for intubation.
The two men fell asleep like that, content with one another, and John put at ease by the constant thrumming under his fingertips.
"Let's just do another ECG as well, just to be on the safe side. Still a bit tachy."
John bit his lip, staring into his lap and trying to come up with a plan.
The man Greg had been talking to stepped forward then. Of course; Mycroft.
Everything was broadcast to the world, machines blaring and calling everyone to him, like an animal on show.
Nobody would talk to him. He asked everybody that came close enough, but not one of them would tell him what was going on.
His vision was blurring ever so slightly at the edges, and he squeezed his eyes tight shut for just a moment; a desperate attempt to regain some control of his failing body.
"Sherlock?" John said loudly, prompting very little response from the other man, mouth agape and eyes closed. John could tell that all his remaining energy was focused on just breathing. "I'm going to put some oxygen on you, it'll help you with your breathing okay?"
"Take some deep breaths." She said softly. "It should pass."
"A bit not good, yeah" John replied, stretching out a hand to stroke softly through the detective's unruly curls. Sherlock closed his eyes at the touch.
(See the end of the chapter for
John swallowed hard and nodded at the young woman. He couldn't deny that he was very uncomfortable, a pillow propping him slightly onto his left side certainly hadn't been his choice.
John swallowed thickly, nodded against the spinning in his head.
"Keep your breathing steady, Sherlock. I just have to get this" John said quietly, pulling himself away from his flatmate. John couldn't help but worry about the numbers again, imagining his organs struggling for oxygen.
“Can you open your mouth a bit for me?”
"That's it John, just take some nice deep breaths for me." David's voice, steady and calm. "You're doing really well."
Sherlock shuffled slightly, getting comfy, and within minutes John could hear his breathing slowing. Eyes still closed, he found Sherlock's hand and pulled it into him, his fingers finding the pulse point at his wrist.
“Right” he sighed, taking his position beside Sherlock. “I know you’re cold. I’ll get you something for your fever in a minute. You need to drink some water as well.”
John straightened his coat, glad that nobody was there to witness his lack of composure. As he placed his weapon of choice down on the desk amongst various unopened case files and screwed up post-it notes, he heard noise that resembled a squeak. He listened harder and it repeated.
"Is that better?" She asked. John smiled and nodded, chose not to tell her that he didn't want any of it touching him at all.
"John?" Definitely Greg, then. "John, are you awake?"
It was 7am, and the overhead light in his room had just been turned on. He groaned and rubbed his eyes, becoming increasingly aware of a loud alarm somewhere above him.
"Don't try and talk, you have a tube in your throat." John kept his voice soft and quiet, squeezing Sherlock's fingers once more.
David laughed again. "John, I was there. I was the first person on you when we got into the room."
"What do you mean?" John replied, the pain in his head starting to make itself known once more.
(See the end of the chapter for
"M'alright." He mumbled, voice gravelly and strained.
“D-no, a while” Sherlock sighed. He attempted to clear his throat and set off on a string of deep, rattling coughs. John stretched his arms behind his back; pulling him and helping him sit upright.
"Sherlock?" He said meekly, knees wobbling in an attempt to stand, to reach over and place a hand on his cheek.
Sherlock's skin almost matched the colour of the white sheets around him, and metres of wires lead off his body to an array of monitors at his bedside. A tube that looked entirely wrong led from his mouth, meeting a green pipe and leading off to the ventilator. Another, smaller tube was in his nose. John approached his side somewhat nervously, eyes flitting between the man and the monitors above his head. It was nice to see him stable, at least.
Turning his head, John noticed Mycroft. The older Holmes brother was leaning in the doorway, eyes wide and mouth closed in a thin line.
This warranted a slight snigger from Sherlock, who looked significantly more comfortable after only a few minutes on the oxygen. John glanced at the monitor again; sats of 79%, getting there.
Walking back to his supplies, John found himself a few blood bottles and a small needle. He perched on the bed beside Sherlock, and took his right arm in his hands. His eyes scanned his inner elbows for a vein.
Sherlock thought he managed a “thank you” before he drifted off to sleep.
"Your blood results aren't bad, although you are slightly hyperkalemic. I want to continue the fluids until the levels are stable."
Sherlock racked his brain for all his limited medical knowledge was worth, but his strengths lay in his detective work, and he was out of his element. He looked at the numbers on the monitor by John's bedside, searched his mind for answers to the red flashing digits and what it all meant.
Sherlock shifted slightly, and John noted that although still struggling, he relaxed slightly against the mattress. John strode quickly into the kitchen and retrieved the monitoring equipment, clearing the nicknacks out of the way and setting the large boxy contraption on top of the dressing table beside Sherlock.
The lack of a clock in the room was incredibly frustrating, and it bothered Sherlock, probably more than it should have, that he had no concept of time.
Arterial Line - a thin catheter inserted into an artery. Often used in intensive care medicine to monitor blood pressure directly, and for repeated blood gas samples.
Sherlock looked at him blankly, wished he'd never asked. He didn't have anything more to say, just nodded and left his mouth closed.
"I'm at Barts." He replied, annoyed by how muffled his voice was. "Intensive care?"
"You were severely dehydrated, teetering on the edge of hypovolemic shock. Your blood pressure was down in the 70s and we couldn't get your sats up. When was the last time you had a drink, or went to the toilet?"
"A doctor with a severe chest infection and sepsis! How on earth can you think that he was sound of mind?" Sherlock was shaking slightly now, his breath slightly quicker.
"I can't get a blood pressure on him, last one I got was 62/25. He's had 1 litre of IV fluid, 500mg of paracetamol and 500mg of Levofloxacin IV."
I hope you enjoy it, and I am honestly sorry it's taken me two years to update this story.
Sherlock could do nothing but watch as John deteriorated, as more doctors were called, as he slipped further away from reality.
Frankie stood up then, squinting to see her patient in such dim light.
"You've had quite the day, haven't you?" The consultant laughed slightly, his voice hushed. John concluded that it must be late now.
The next few hours were horrible.
I'm having so much fun with this story, thank you to everyone that's still reading! Comments are welcome as always!
It seemed to be getting easier though. Each eye opening would be less blurry and more stable. Each word sounded more like the English language.
“You need to focus on your breathing; your pulse is too fast.” He looked up at the detective. He looked slightly less flustered than he had earlier, but his eyes were still-fever bright as the movement of his chest slowed.
“Two of them are for pain and fever, the others are low-grade antibiotics. They’ll help” He said softly. Sherlock took the pills gratefully, giving a slight smile before putting them in his mouth, taking the water from John’s hands and sipping it carefully.
"I feel okay." He replied, motioning to the oxygen mask. "Can we take his off now?"
She smiled, the light surrounding her in a soft glow.
Sherlock’s teeth chattered as the air ran over his overly warm chest, causing his shivers to increase. John strode swiftly to the wardrobe, pulling a thin blue blanket from the top cupboard and laying it over his boxer-clad roommate.
David stepped in, John's chart in hand, and sat down in Mycroft's previously occupied seat. John eyed him as he flicked through the papers in his hand.
John's nurse, Aimee, had been kinder. She offered Sherlock water and chatted to him about John; where they met and how they knew each other.
John frowned at him, irritated. "It was only a panic attack, happens all the time." He grumbled. There was a blood pressure cuff wrapped tightly around his right arm, and wires led out from under the papery gown he was wearing.
John smiled; it was typical of Sherlock to contract pneumonia and not something simple like a common cold.
"That's the one." David grinned. "What day is it?"
He half- ran to the door and was met by a stern looking man dressed in a black suit. "Doctor Watson" he said quickly, bundling a large bag into John's arms. John nodded at him in response, and another man appeared from behind, bustling past John with a monitor in one arm and a large tank in the other, almost lost under a mass of cables. He placed the monitor down on the kitchen table and returned to his spot behind the taller man in the doorway, leaving the oxygen tank beside John.
"How are you feeling?"
She went off to get him some, mentioning something about working with them in order to get better. John had said it to countless patients in his time, why was it so hard to take his own advice?
"You won't manage with those," Sherlock said, his eyes closed and facing he ceiling. "You'll have to use my hands instead."
"Midazolam." David smiled. "Try and get some sleep."
As always, thank you so much for reading, sorry for any mistakes yada yada yada, comments would be great! Xx
John pulled a bottle of paracetamol and some saline from the duffel bag and hung them both from the curtain rail, connecting them to Sherlock's cannula and stepping back.
The 10 or so steps into John’s bedroom were slow, and the wheezing from Sherlock just continued to worry him more. Sherlock let out a low wheeze as John lowered him down and his body hit the mattress, and John pulled his legs round so he was laid flat.
“Give me a hand, mate” he said as he pulled on the sleeves. Sherlock’s arms weakly extended, shaky but slightly helpful in getting his shirt off all the same. John pulled at the remaining fabric; screwing up the damp and creased dress shirt and throwing it across the room before settling the tall man back, sitting against the pillows. He made quick work of Sherlock’s trousers, undoing the buttons and then sliding them straight off, sending them flying in roughly the same direction of the shirt.
Sherlock said nothing, and John rode a small wave of guilt at the sadness in the detective's eyes.
Intensive care was a strange place. John's room was isolated, and there was no daylight to give him any indication of time passing. He thought for a moment that they must have moved him; he could vaguely remember the long windows in Sherlock's room the first time round.
There had been a long period of time when the simple task of breathing was taken from him, plastic covering his face and forcing his lungs to expand and contract.
John smiled slightly. "It's okay bud, not your fault. Can you try and sit forward for me so we can get this chest x-ray?"
John must have fallen asleep again, because the next thing he knew, Bach was swimming round in his head. When he opened his eyes, Sherlock was stood in the corner, violin in hand. He continued playing, the music singing over the hiss of oxygen, his conscience clearly not marked that he'd woken up a severely ill person.
"What?"
I took a deep breath and complied.
"I'm going to need you to say it."
"Cold?"
"Maybe." Sherlock smiled benignly, "I promised you danger, remember?"
Lestrade had given Donovan a long-suffering look at the snake comment, but then failed to recover quickly enough to catch Sherlock as he breezed past and out the door. I shrugged apologetically as I followed him, "It was nice meeting you, Detective Inspector."
I followed him inside, then down stairs and through corridors until I was nearly lost. The room at the end of the last hall proclaimed itself to be the morgue, or so said the plaque on the door. This concerned me a bit given the nature of the village. I lost track of that thought however when Stamford opened the door. Just on the other side of said door stood a fellow resembled a beanpole. He turned, and after half a glance, asked,
I followed Madeline in, and looked up the stairs to see that Ms. Adler had chosen to wear pure white once again.  This time it was mostly lace and somehow more revealing than before, despite covering more of her ample real estate.  She was, as before, resplendent.
I grinned, "Until I tell you to move on. Now is a good time. Take me in hand, Sherlock."
"You could quit at the hospital. It probably isn't in your proper contract."
"Oh, very much yes. What did you have in mind?"
He was not practiced with this type of trousers, but really, who is these days? He opened my flies and exhaled heartily. I twitched, and he grinned. What was I getting myself into? Never mind, we all know it's about sex att this point.
"Oh, you know the Umbrella Man?"
"Oh." I sat down hard. This was the first I had heard of anyone being so much as related to Sherlock. "Do you want to talk about them?"
The Consulting Detective
It was early morning, and Sherlock didn't seem immediately interested in getting started.  He lounged, he sighed, and finally he flopped over onto me.
"Oh, never mind, I know exactly what you thought." He sneered, "She is beautiful, how could she possibly be the one we are looking for?  How could she be capable of premeditated murder?"
Finally I dragged him with me to the park for a walk, him muttering the whole while. I had hoped that the fresh air would help bring him out of his funk, but unfortunately it made things worse. He said nasty thing about the people around us, then when we got back he sequestered himself in his room again and I didn't see him for a few more days.
"She left a note."
"I have several, but he is the most persistent."
"Alright, alright." I took pity on him and tugged gently at the hair at the nape of his neck, "Sit up a bit so I can get your shirt."
"I don't like it, I think it's lame." He kept frowning, "But I like you, and I like this, so I'll try."
"Just like that?" I asked, "You don't want to know my faults?"
"Shame. We could have split it." Sherlock shrugged, "He can afford it."
I paused to give him a moment to recover, during which he made a few faces which, out of deference to his personal dignity I shall not describe. "Shall I show you?"
"I am bored."  He frowned, "Yes, I want something.  John, fix it."
"Good."  She ran her hands over both shoulders from my neck down to my biceps, then closed her nails into fists, the sensation making me shiver.  The part that didn't have sensation felt odd, of course, as she trailed over it, but the rest felt just fine.  She smiled.  "Yes, very good.  The rest of you is sensitive enough.  It'll do."
"One moment please." The door shut in Sherlock's face. After a few moments had passed, the door opened again, "Please come in." Our yellow-dressed friend's face was as pale as the dress and they seemed somewhat subdued.
"I didn't realize Sherlock had a secretary?"
"Does he have a name?"
She slid off the white lacy duster thing she was wearing and left it where it pooled on my feet behind her.
"Why yes, my dear Watson. These people are actual police." Sherlock smirked, "And in the event that you were wondering, yes, I am actually a consulting detective. The Government only hires the real deal, you see, those two chuckleheads not withstanding."
"Just Mycroft?"
White Lace
"Can I blow you?"
By the time I had assured Sherlock of this conclusion, Anderson had finally decided that the word "Adler" written on the paper clearly meant the girl had been poisoned by an adder.
"Very well.   Any hard nos?"
About Sex
"Yes please, parched." I followed him, and got a bit of a shock. If the other room had been bad, this one was really awful. No food anywhere, but chemical messes and miscellaneous books took over every surface. "Actually, how about we do some cleaning first?"
He grabbed hold of me roughly in one large hand and I felt like I could see stars behind my eyelids for a moment. "Yess. That's good, Sherlock."
"Ms. Adler, you mean?" I stalled.
"Oh." He sighed, shuffled around a bit and looked up at my face from under his curled fringe, "Yes?"
"Safeword?"
"I volunteered.  Of course, I thought they'd let me leave eventually."
A blustery exhale came from my companion, but we followed Lestrade up the cramped stairwell and out into a wide and strangely bare room. I will spare you the gruesome details of the poor girl's body, but some details must be shared for you to understand the situation. She was trussed up in fine red cords and not much else, though the accoutrements of a scandalously good time lay around her on the bed. The only other furniture in the room was a hard-backed wooden chair and a writing table, on which there was a piece of paper.
"Not necessarily, but in many cases."  I thought for a moment, "Why don't I talk to Irene next time we see her.  For now, why don't we see about making an attempt to get out- just you and I.  We'll see how far that gets us, and take it from there."
Sherlock crawled up into my lap as soon as it was over, and curled his lanky self carefully around me.
"I remember." He growled, licking a firm swirl around me. Precocious. I firmly scratched into his scalp, being careful not to accidentally pull any hairs, he tilted his head back and hissed through his teeth.
"There are pleasant ways to choke oneself?" His voice sounded skeptical.
"You really need to be able to say the word if you're going to be doing the deed, as it were."
My nails were blunt, but I raked them from Sherlock's ass all the way up into his hair, and he made a helpless noise as I did. I closed my fingers in the thick hair at the nape of his neck, and tugged gently. Sherlock whimpered. "Yes?" I asked quietly.
My hands were loosing circulation a little, but the discomfort was outweighed by the sensations Sherlock was eliciting. Not usually one for being captive, I was surprisingly comfortable under his wiry bulk.
I shuddered. He was doing well for this being the first time, and his grip was firm and strong, unlike many weak-wristed fellows.
I was expecting to fumble a little with the clasp, but it was in the front and quite simple, comparatively speaking, to some bras I had encountered previously.  I even managed with only one hand, so I watched raptly as her ample chest spilled towards me, her nipples already large and erect.  I fervently hoped it wasn't the chill of the room, but rather anticipation that made them that way.  I cupped them gently at the sides, pleased that they overflowed in all directions.
"Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade, with Scotland Yard, at your service." There was no hesitation and no stumbling over the rehearsed words, and I was deeply impressed that no notes of humor came through. "Someone has actually died, though, so we should all get to it before this becomes a publicity issue."
"Sherlock?" I asked, "Should I stop?"
There came another nock on the door, and we both frowned at it, before Sherlock went to open it. On the other side was a disgruntled looking Lestrade,
One finger at a time I slowly worked my way up to three.  I contemplated adding more, but decided against it- not this time.  I leaned down and licked a careful stripe in the same path my fingers had taken.  She moaned loudly, clearly unconcerned about what Madeline would hear.  I licked up again to just under her clit and let myself fall into the rhythm of it.  The position was awkward, verging on impossible, but she was clearly enjoying it, so I bore with it until she was shuddering regularly and clenching around me.  As she was cumming I pressed my tongue to her firmly and let her do what she needed.
"This is Doctor John Watson, to help me with the investigation."
We didn't catch a hansom this time, but instead I followed Sherlock on a mad dash through the streets of London, during which I was surprised to note he was exceptionally fit for someone who seemed to spend most of his time lounging around. If I myself hadn't been in decent trim I might well have gotten left behind.
I smiled, and squeezed gently, "Okay."
I started by kissing one thigh and then the other, working my way up to her iliac crest on one side and down under the rolls of her belly and across to the other leg.  She took a deep breath, shuddering,
"Good." Satisfied, he bit little kisses into my chest from clavicle to iliac crest, dragging hisses out of me as he grazed a nipple with his teeth. Warmth spread through me, and I was suddenly so glad things had turned out this way.
"Aren't there actual police to deal with this?" I whispered to Sherlock as we followed Lestrade passed the glaring Donovan and Anderson.
Then there was a nock at the door, and Mrs. Hudson let them in. I heard hushed voices, then it took the stranger some time to make it up the stairs. I waited patiently in my chair, sipping my tea.
"Oh, no, I didn't mean..."
"Okay. How about I talk you through it?"
"Okay. It's fine." I smiled, "If you want me to stop you just say 'red,' you want me to slow down or give you a minute you say 'yellow,' you're good to go and you like where things age going you say 'green.' Clear?"
His eyes narrowed and his jaw jutted out a bit. He was such a perfect example of a brat in that moment that I almost ruined it by laughing in his face.
"I know. Colours."
"And what do they usually say?"
"You are so good, Sherlock."
"That depends, really."  I sighed, "I wanted to keep going, but...  Knowing that you're in on this bizarre conspiracy makes me a little uncomfortable about putting my penis anywhere near you."
"Is there something I can do for you?"  I asked, archly.
"Okay, let's say I believe you.  What now?"
"For the most part, yes. Didn't you read the boilerplate?"
Sherlock got a sour face, and stopped with his hand halfway into my pants, fingers mere millimetres from my cock, "Never talk about him in bed with me, please."
"I've also been to see Lestrade."
I stood, my hat in my hand, "You have our deepest and most sincere apologies, My Lady. It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance. I am Doctor John Watson, and this is my colleague Mr. Sherlock Holmes."
"Yes is fine, Sherlock." I smiled, "But no is fine too. It's all fine, remember?"
"My archenemy."
He complied eagerly, and I enjoyed the sight of his shirt rucked up and wrinkled from the awkward sleeping position. I slowly unbuttoned the shirt, and dragged my hands across his chest, noting but not commenting on the stark scars under his pecs.
I did.
"I am not a child. You do not need to talk down to me."
"Greg Lestrade? Detective Inspector?  Ring any bells?"
"Holmes?" I prompted, "Do you want me to keep petting you, or should I stop?"
Slowly, I did.  She smiled.  "Yes, good."
"Very well. Hansom it is."
"Enchanted." She glided across the room, her thunderous thighs sliding like silk together as she walked. She offered me a hand, which I dutifully kissed.  It was all oddly formal, but felt familiar and natural with her, "I am Ms. Irene Adler. I hear you would like to discuss a murder."
"Ah, thank you for the introduction." Sherlock Holmes looked down his long nose at stout Stamford, who almost made as if to offer a hug. He must have thought better of it, because he offered a hand instead. This was accepted, and before he left, he cuffed me carefully on the right shoulder.
"Well, I didn't actually call him that to his face." I admitted, "He offered me money to spy on you. I told him to leave."
"Will you actually follow it?" I asked, expecting some pushback or a lie. I got neither.
He squinted at my pants like they had offended him, "You?"
"Excuse me?" I put down my tea. "I am a veteran who walks with a limp. I have a set schedule and very settled routines from which I rarely deviate. How hard can it be?"
"Since the beginning. It's actually Sherrinford's project originally. He got tired of it and Mycroft took over. He's who I refer to as 'the Government'."
"I read the salient bits. Or at least, the bits that I thought were salient. So there really has been a murder here."
"You don't believe that, though."  He seemed very sure, though somewhat baffled.
NOTE:  we're earning the rating here, so if sexytimes bothers you, try skipping to the next section.
"Yes Ma'am."  I smiled, looking up at her dark eyes.  This was going to be fun.   Difficult, since she was not as strong as me, but willing submission is a heady drug.
"Now, if you will excuse me, I need to prepare for my next client." She nodded at us in turn, and sailed back out of the room as if she had never been. I felt like everything had changed in just a few short moments. How could someone like her possibly be responsible for a murder?
"Follow me."
"Yes." He nodded, "I mean, 'green'." I laughed a little.
"No." Finally my curiosity got the better of me, "Who was he?"
"You know how to stroke and you know how to lick. All you have to do is put them together in a way that feels natural to you."
She trailed her hands down my chest, leaving trails of pain as she went.  It was just what I needed, and I let my head loll back.  "Yes..."  I hissed.
I grinned, but didn't go any faster.  Now it was my turn.  I started with my fingers, dragging them gently from the top down on either side of the clitoral hood, scratching gently through the fluid there.
Adler
"I was waiting for you to ask." I squinted at him, lifting my hand reluctantly away from his posterior. "Is there something you would like me to do, maybe?"
Curious, I said, "Sex."
I didn't.
"I'm sure I'll be seeing the two of you around during regular hours of operation." Stamford's jovial expression made an impression on me as he finished, "You'll get on famously, I'm sure of it."
CN: dead body described in minimal detail, sexytimes described in slightly more detail
"It matters to me."
"What are you looking for today, then Doctor?"  She closed the door behind us, and gestured to a chaise lounge.  I sat as directed.
"Not consciously, perhaps." He shrugged and echoed my words back at me, squeezing me, where I had clearly grown in the time we'd been talking, "I don't judge. But why don't we keep going before Mrs. Hudson barges in again."
"Yesss."  She threw back her head, "More."
His hands were large and calloused, I could feel every bit of them on me, and as he tentatively jacked a few strokes I was aware that it had been perhaps too long since I'd been taken in hand. I was unlikely to last terribly long. Not that this was a bad thing, given the circumstances, but just as Sherlock bent his head there came a firm nock on the door.
"That makes no sense. First of all, they can't legally do that- it won't stand up in court. And what about all the visitors who come and go every day?" I must have made a very interesting face, because Sherlock laughed humorlessly. "We can leave the same way they do."
"Oh, come on!"
"Wrong." Sherlock shook his head ruefully, "What it must be like to have a brain as small as yours.... Those 'visitors' are plants. They work for Mycroft. They're actually social scientists here to study the whatever it is Mycroft is looking to learn."
"Only the usual two today."  She replied, pulled her underwear to one side and lowered herself onto me.  "Don't move."
"Like this?" He asked, very seriously. "This can't be all of it."
"Who?"  He looked puzzled.
"Yes Mistress?"
My expression sobered immediately, "Okay. I am sorry."
"Don't you want to know who it is you are refusing?"
Quit to Get Ahead
"Surely you don't mean..."
Of course, I knew she hadn't quite joined me, but I'd been expecting that.  A professional like her- not gonna be done easy.  I withdrew, she clamoured off, and I put the condom in a nearby trash bin.
"Ms. Adler is booked up for today. Can I make you an appointment for another day?" They looked down their nose at us, a slight sneer on their face.
I took a moment to process this.  "That's fair.  But we're going to need to talk about the things we do, and if you have a hard time using the word 'sex' we're going to run into some miscommunications."
Not sure how to answer, but sure that I didn't like where this was going, I swiftly extricated myself from the bookshelf and the apartment altogether.
I had expected nothing less, though I had hoped he might have a clearer idea by this point, being as intelligent as he was.    BDSM and sex are not synonymous, and having a clear idea of whether or not he wanted both at the moment might have helped me plan a little.  I prefer to have things planned out, if possible, especially given my most recent encounter with Irene.  Not that anything went wrong, or anything.  But communication is important, as evidenced by the little misunderstanding with Sherlock, which could easily have ruined everything between us forever if either of us had been more inclined to take things the wrong way.  And I was winding myself up unnecessarily.  There was a simple solution to all this.
"Mycroft will already be expecting it, but if you'd rather do this the sneaky way, we can."
He nodded, and kept at it. "How long do I do this for?" He asked, quietly.
"Yes. Oh." Well aware of what he'd suddenly become aware of, I patiently asked again, "Do you want me to keep going?"
I smiled, "It's fine. We can do it together."
"Now run your palm over the head, yes, good."
The first thing I saw of our guests was a giant black umbrella followed by a pompous-looking individual dressed head-to-toe in oppressive black.
"If you know all this, then how are you here?"
"Once you're here there is no way out. You can't leave."
She nodded, and turned away.  I almost took a step forward to follow, but she shouted, "No!  You stay where I tell you."
They hadn't been gone for more than a moment when Sherlock came up behind me, silent and menacing over my shoulder.
What the ever loving fuck?  I thought.  Was everyone here psychic or something?
"I smoke, you see."
"He's my brother, John."
"I also play the violin at all hours."
"So, what's the first step?"
"Have you done that before?"
They clattered down the stairs, the Umbrella and Anthea muttering grumpily to one another as they went.
Soft, Like Bulletproof Glass
I ran my hands over his shoulders, pushing the shirt off, "Is this okay?"
His voice rumbled out from under my arm, "Why would you do that?"
I followed her up the stairs and into a room decadently upholstered and decorated mainly in red and black.
Soldier
She stood before me like a queen.  "Take off your shirt, John."
The Woman
"How did you- never mind. Will you come?" The voice was much harder to make out than Sherlock's,
"Well, that was odd." I muttered once they'd gone.
"Madeline, please give these men the information they require." Ms. Adler smiled, "You are welcome to a free session, each of you, should you ever wish it. Madeline?"
Normally he would never have indulged in this kind of physical affection, but something told him that this time might just be an exception.
John was a little taken aback at that, hadn't expected to hear his name. Sherlock was staring at him intently, and he felt slightly vulnerable, the detective's eyes raking over his face. John could almost hear his mind whirring away, trying to deduce.
"I've secured him a private room in ICU. You will have full medical control over his care." John looked at him, wide-eyed.
I'm loving writing this at the moment, I hope you're all enjoying it!
Up until this moment, he hadn't attributed the pinching in his nose to a nasal oxygen cannula, but now it was all too obvious, the whoosh of it tickling slightly. There was an IV in the back of his hand, and his eyes followed the tubing up to a bag of saline and a pump at his bedside. The rate, he recognised, was set to run as stat.
Nothing made sense, the voices of other people in the room floated within a cloud of deep fog in his head. When he opened his eyes, the room tilted violently to one side.
John's tired eyes stared around the room. Aimee rubbed his shoulder gently.
"I will, thanks Mycroft." And the phone rang dead. Mycroft Holmes had always been a man of few words and pleasantries.
The older man calmed his breathing slightly, actually looking quite put together by the time he'd composed himself. John would forever be amazed by Sherlock Holmes, at his ability to make even the worst situations look easy.
Sherlock nodded again, making no sound but blinking at John with glossy, feverish eyes. John gave a half smile and ran his fingers through Sherlock’s curls once before turning and retrieving his stethoscope from where he’d discarded it on the bed. Re-warming the end, he put the earpieces in his ears and moved one hand to Sherlock’s waist to steady him.
Wide eyes looked up at John, still glossy with fever and bright like a cat's. John smiled. As much as he really could get on his last wick, nobody could make John Watson smile like Sherlock Holmes could.
I wonder if I'll ever have enough of torturing these two, I'm sorry!
Perhaps John can have a break for once?
"Good morning John, I'm sorry to wake you. I'm just putting your oxygen back, it must have fallen off in your sleep."
When the hell did they put a central line in? How did he not remember that?
"Fine." He lied, surprised at how croaky and thready his voice was. His head was still pounding, despite the endless hours of sleep, and his entire body felt stiff and painful. His muscles cramped constantly, and god, was he tired.
Sherlock's nurse appeared at his bedside a few times, concerned by his elevated heart rate. He shooed her away each time,
"You are crackly on your right John, quiet in both bases."
His drifting was interrupted by chatting, and he turned to see Frankie talking to another nurse. He recognised her as Aimee from yesterday, and gave her a slight smile from where he sat.
He was on the verge of sleep when the older Holmes brother entered his room.
"I have no idea how he managed to get himself in such a state, I was only gone a week." He replied. Chrissy shrugged, pulling on a pair of gloves.
"They haven't mentioned anything to me." Mycroft replied. "So I'm unsure."
"Mycroft, I should have known"
"Do you require any assistance, Doctor Watson?" The man asked. John shook his head slowly.
It was a few more long minutes before John felt brave enough to open his eyes.
"No, John." Mycroft continued. "You were unwell and I shouldn't have spoken to you like that. My apologies."
“J-hn?”
Eventually, John was given control of his own breathing again. The horrid plastic was taken off, replaced by something much lighter that sat over his mouth and nose. It took a minute to get used to, but it seemed to do the trick.
The cuff deflated. "Your blood pressure's low as well. 85 systolic."
David continued, "He was severely dehydrated; needed quite a bit of fluid resuscitation. He didn't properly come round for over 12 hours afterwards." There was a small moment of silence as Sherlock digested.
The oxygen mask was still in place on his face, whistling ever so slightly at the constant stream it supplied. He glanced over to the fluid pump. The rate had been turned up a notch, and he rolled his eyes at the setback.
He made as little noise as possible, his knowledge of the creaks in the left corner of the 4th step up making all the difference, John thought.
Chrissy shouted to John that she was finished, and John went to help adjust Sherlock's pillows so he was sat somewhat upright.
"Don't you dare try and tell me this is all unnecessary, John."
John creased his brow, and David let out a breathy laugh, shook his head and scrubbed a hand over his face.
"I do. My associate will be in touch within the hour." Mycroft sighed, John could almost hear him stiffening up. "Take care of him, John. I don't want to trouble the parent system with this."
David nodded, a sad smile on his face. His hand reached over to clasp John's wrist. It was meant to be comforting, but John could feel his fingers pressing into his radial pulse, constantly monitoring.
He tried the door and, upon finding it locked, produced his key from his pocket to let himself in. Mrs Hudson was not to be found, and he presumed she’d gone to see her grandchildren, as she did most weekends.
John had to think about that.
John scrubbed a hand over his face, screwing his eyes closed just for a second in an attempt to regain some composure. “What’s the plan?”
Sherlock deteriorates and John struggles with his confidence.
He squatted down slightly, so that his eyes were level with John's.
He didn't care, just sat back and panted from the exertion. By the time they left, his oxygen was turned up yet another notch, and he'd well and truly had enough.
"Let's just sit down for a bit, okay?"
It took over 2 hours for the crowd to dissipate, and even then a few remained. Sherlock had bitten down so hard on his lip that he could feel it beginning to swell.
Mycroft answered after just one ring. "John? Is everything alright?" John would have chuckled slightly had it not been for the gravity of the situation.
Sherlock set off on another round of wheezy and exhausting coughs, deep in his lungs and causing him to gasp for breath after.
"Don't let them wake him up until I'm there." He said loudly, his voice hoarse still. "You know he'll panic."
The room was quite large, and the lighting was dimmed to a soft glow. Large bay windows covered one wall, but the blinds were closed and only a small sliver of daylight peeped out at floor level. As John swung the door open, he had to focus just to stop his legs from buckling where he stood.
"Sorry John," he said quietly "it appears I was a bit disorientated."
"Chances of me getting out of here in the next few hours?" He asked her.
Oedematous - (oedema) An accumulation of fluid in the tissues of the body. Tends to present in extremities such as ankles and wrists. Can be caused by fluid overload, and is very common in patients receiving high doses of fluid in intensive care units.
David was sat beside him, staring at him intently, one hand wrapped around his wrist.
"You're more than welcome, John. We've still got a way to go, though. You can thank me when you're discharged."
Everything after that was blurred and uncertain. There were flashes; bloods being taken and people talking to him, but nothing cohesive.
He needed to help John, needed to make him better.
The other man rolled his eyes. "I thought maybe you might have finished prodding my veins by now."
Sherlock took a few steps towards John, his face soft and eyes kind. The glimmer of sadness was unmistakeable. He took a seat in the plastic chair once more, shuffled closer to John and looked at him with wide eyes.
The right hand was much more free, only tethered by a sats probe on his index finger. A peripheral cannula was sited in the crook of his right elbow, although it was capped off and not in use. The one in his left hand from before had clearly been removed.
John's brow furrowed, and he looked over to Frankie, who was observing the conversation with a hardened look on her face.
"We think John's got sepsis, which is whe-"
Sherlock's eyes never left John's face.
When John came back around, it was dark. Mycroft and Greg weren't in the room. A voice was saying his name, and not one that he recognised.
“That’s it,” John sighed, “Not far and then you can lie down, okay?”
“Doctor Watson, Mr Holmes. If you'd like to follow me.”
There were things touching his body, leads and wires and itchy hospital sheets.
There was a pause, and David's fingers tightened around John's wrist, getting his attention.
"You should be up and out by the end of tomorrow, okay? Don't stress about it." David said quickly, eyes flirting between John's face and the monitor, his fingers still tight around John's pulse.
Central Line - Also known as a Central Venous Line. A catheter placed into a large vein, usually in the neck or groin, for administering fluids, medication or nutrition over a longer period of time. Central Lines can remain in longer than peripheral lines, and can be used to give large amounts of fluid quickly. They can have multiple ports (lumens), and so several things can be run at once. They can also be used to take blood samples from.
"London Ambulance, please tell me your full address." The operator said calmly. It almost infuriated John that he did not immediately grasp the severity of the situation.
-------
"This is going to take a while to bounce back from, John. You've spent nearly a week in bed critically ill, and your body will need some time to recover."
"BP's still slightly on the low side, but I'm not concerned." He said quickly. "Let's get one more stat bag and then a four hourly."
John was sure he flushed slightly. "I could have some, I suppose."
Sherlock scoffed. "I know it will, John." And at that John smiled, at least the arrogant backchat was something he was used to.
"The infection was more aggressive than we anticipated, took hold very quickly. Hence the drain." He motioned to the ICD hanging from the bed on John's left side. John just stared at him.
"But I know what it means to you, so I'm willing to make a compromise."
"John, can you open your eyes for me?"
He was losing control, every inch of his skin was burning hot, there was too much noise and too much light and he would have begged someone to let him out, had he been able to will his mouth to move and his voice to work.
He was sweating from the fever, breathing quicker now than earlier. The two women introduced themselves, listened to his chest and had him cough as hard as he could. They looked at each other with frowns on their faces.
"Yes?" He replied, eyes opening a fraction.
"Tell me what's happening." He said to Wendy. She sighed loudly before speaking, holding tightly onto a grab rail above her head as the ambulance turned a corner.
"I'm gonna do a full septic screen." He said, cleaning the inside of John's arm now. "They're on their way up to do a chest x ray, we're doing a full blood count, blood cultures, ABG, you name it we're doing it. Sharp scratch, John."
"Thanks." He managed quietly. David smiled.
John wanted the ground to swallow him up.
"Aside from that, continue fluids and monitor him. If his saturations drop again we might have to consider some kind of ventilation."
I'm sorry! I can't help but torture John for just a little bit longer.
Mycroft sighed from the other end of the phone line. "Typical. One of my associates will be in contact with you shortly. Tell him what you need and he will get it for you."
John almost didn't hear him, everything too focused to Sherlock. The man looked better, he had to admit, but it was still a shock to him none the less.
"That is good news!" John replied, a smile spreading over his face. "Are they planning to hold sedation soon?"
“..h’rts” the detective murmured between breaths. John dug around under the bed, pulling out his black bag and placing it on the bed bedside Sherlock as he took a seat by his head.
Sherlock squirmed slightly under the covers, trying to get his head closer to John's chest. He craved to cuddle into him, but this bloody oxygen and all his wires prevented him from turning on his side. He gave up eventually, only managing to scoot a few inches closer than before. He'd never been a man for physical affection, and he blamed the illness for making him effeminate and needy. "I apologise for scaring you, John. I did not expect my body to be weakened so much."
Sherlock shrugged, "Didn't wanna bother you."
I found this chapter really difficult, I must have written it about 4 times before I was semi-happy with the result. Its super long as well, couldn't bring myself to cut it down.
"You can't blame yourself for this." Wendy interjected, not looking at him. "You know how fast this illness can progress. His body is tired, he just needs some time to rest." John didn't reply, his mind frantic behind his quiet exterior.
It was weird for John, seeing it from this side. He was lucky in a way, that at least he understood what was happening to him.
"Thank you, David. I'm sorry." He said quietly, looking the younger doctor in the eyes. David laughed slightly.
“Sherlock, how long have you been like this?” He asked, laying the back of one hand to the detective’s forehead; far too warm.
There was still a beeping in the room from the monitor, but it was quieter now. John was thankful for that.
Sherlock scoffed, eyes moving over David's face slowly and deliberately. He rolled his eyes.
The three men turned a corner into ICU, walking past the main bay and into a smaller corridor behind it. David showed John and Mycroft to a room on their left.
"Well," David began. He stood up from his chair, eyes flitting over to the monitor above John's bed for a moment.
He had no control. Every time he tried to take the damned thing off, hands held him down and the world went fuzzy at the edges.
Breathe.
His oxygen was turned up, his nasal cannula replaced by a mask once again.
"I know." He said between gritted teeth. The monitor beeping at his increasing heart rate was grating on his last nerve. Can he do nothing privately in this place?
attractive.
This time John’s laugh was loud enough that it echoed throughout the tiny, empty flat. Then, deciding Sherlock might want to know that John had been amused by that, he sent:
It was John’s fault entirely.
As he always seemed to do when his brother showed up, he’d fetched his violin and was plucking idly at the strings. With John’s improved hearing, the notes lingered longer in the air, so that it sounded like at least two people were playing simultaneously. It was lovely, not at all the sort of thing you did if you were trying to drive someone away.
So John created a blog that evening before bed and spent several minutes in front of his computer, watching the cursor blink and wondering what to write for his very first entry.
Ah. Of course. Sherlock had known this was coming. Had been actively dreading it for the last two nights, in fact: ever since the disappointment that had been their last sexual encounter, during which John had put one hand down Sherlock’s pyjama bottoms while they lay in bed and Sherlock had all but leapt across the room and then fled downstairs.
“Shush,” Sherlock says, the first thing he’s said in nearly ten minutes, and John realises a string of soft, breathy moans is falling from his lips. “I’m almost finished. Then I’ll breed you, I promise.”
But it would feel good. John knew that. Eventually, when his body was used to the sensation and his mind more open to interpreting it as something other than just
Sherlock didn’t answer, his face buried as it was between John’s arse cheeks. His attention was devoted to John’s hole. Licking the little wrinkled rim, drooling on it, trying to get it wet and loose enough that he could push his tongue inside.
Sherlock spoke even louder. “You brought me all this way to tell me he turned himself in? And why are
And with that, Sherlock spun round and left. His quick, half-stomping descent down the stairs echoed through the quiet stairway.
John’s blows are also considerably harder than when they began. Each one lands somewhere slightly different on his arse than the last and sends Sherlock rocketing forwards into the duvet, wailing helplessly into his fist and relishing John’s hand in his hair, the weight on his head keeping him grounded and steady.
Stupid. John was going to get her heart broken again at this rate.
“All right, enough of that,” John says with a laugh. “You can play with my scar all you want after we’re done.”
He caught a shadow from the corner of his eye, a movement, and then a lamp was lifted from the bedside table and swung towards Sherlock. It struck him in the temple, knocking him into the wall, where he stumbled but didn’t fall.
Besides, John found Sherlock interesting. A bit rude, single-minded, and eccentric, but interesting. John thought he wouldn’t mind getting to know the man better, even without the monetary incentive.
In the morning his wrists were sore and there was a knot of pain on his forehead, but he couldn’t see any bruises or marks. Aside from the scratches on his nape, of course, but even those were beginning to heal. They were only pink now, no longer swollen.
, he thought,
They are, Sherlock thinks, the most aesthetically pleasing eyes he has ever seen. Never predictable, never dull.
“Maybe,” he said. “That… yeah.”
“Sherlock Watson-Holmes,” Sherlock muttered to himself. “Sherlock Holmes-Watson.”
Then he was climbing between John’s legs, pawing at his arse cheeks.
“I’ve been thinking,” John says.
It did, a bit. John imagined everyone at the Met gawking at Sherlock’s appearance, knowing that John had been the one to make him look like that, and suddenly the flat seemed a great deal warmer and brighter than it had before.
“Turned it on first,” Sherlock answered. “Before I bothered with the ro—
“Yes. Now that you know Sherlock’s wealth is not as vast as you’ve believed it to be, you’ll want to end your association as soon as possible. I’d like to propose an alternative. If you’d be willing to continue your relationship with my brother, I’d be happy to pay you a meaningful sum of money on a regular basis in exchange for information.”
“I’ll shower,” said Sherlock, practically buzzing with eagerness. “I’ll clean everywhere. You can roger me like you’ve been wanting to for weeks. Would you like that? Shall we see if we can ruin Daddy’s boring sheets before the new ones arrive?”
It answered his question about the case, yes. There were still other questions, though, arguably more significant. So John took a deep breath and asked the one that burned most hotly in his mind.
“If you’re suggesting what I think you are…,” said John, quiet and clipped: a warning.
“Oi! It was the first thing that popped into my head. And you weren’t saying anything, so....”
, John thought.
And through it all, Sherlock sat across from him with such an inscrutable expression that John had no doubt that all she heard was “blah blah blah.”
7:03 p.m.
“Well, this certainly isn’t going how I planned,” John said dryly. “You’re berating me about the ring and raving about maggots.”
Absolutely we should play more Diggy Hole! This time with baddies on like I said in my text earlier. I’ve got the headset installed (I think?? Hard to tell really since I can’t exactly test it on my own). How does tomorrow sound? 8:00 PM again?
“What?”
<JohnHWatson> Very thorough, very helpful. Lots of screen captures and diagrams.
“So,” said John, with a teasing uptick of her lips, “climb on. You can rub off on me if you want. Just like last time.”
it, of John enjoying it so much he wants to experiment, of John—of John—
Sherlock bristled, her eyes going sharp and flinty. “I have
8:39 p.m.
Oh sorry! You didn’t respond so I wasn’t sure it went through the first time.
impressive.”
Mrs Hudson reached her forefinger between the bars and stroked his forehead. He made a happy
I’d have to think about it to be honest. I haven’t exactly been keeping a running total.
The action is clearly intended to be soothing, and… well, it is, a bit. Sherlock can smell John’s unwashed skin and morning breath, and he wants to huddle close and bask in John’s presence, his attention.
He’s constructed what he thinks (hopes) is a convincing argument in his favour and is prepared to dive straight into it, but John only shrugs. “Okay.” He hands the carrier bag to Sherlock. “Here. You can put these in the cupboard. I hope pasta for dinner is all right with you.”
Not good, Sherlock thinks. Almost certainly not healthy, getting enjoyment from the idea of being vivisected by one’s partner.
John wrapped her arms around Sherlock’s shoulders and mouthed at her collarbone, then trailed her lips upwards near Sherlock’s throat, feeling as Sherlock—already gasping and sweating—grew even more short of breath and sweaty; her arms jerked, and the handcuffs rattled even harder.
At first Sherlock tried to steer them towards a restaurant, insisting “We need to eat,” words that John was fairly certain he’d never uttered before in his life.
Sherlock made a disgusted sound. “Week-long insomnia is more than ‘a shit day,’ but that’s not what I meant anyway. You never answered my question when we were texting.
John chuckled. “A bit, yeah. But that’s okay. You’ll do quite nicely.”
When she returned to the living room, John was gone. She trailed through the flat, looking for him, and eventually found him huddled beneath the bed with Sherlock. Or rather, Sherlock was huddled while John lay behind him, licking vigorously at the soft tufts of fur around Sherlock’s ears.
Sherlock bristled. The implication that he’d done something wrong when he’d tried to be so patient, so understanding— “Well, you were wrong, obviously. I was waiting for you to rise to the occasion. If I’d wanted to ‘toss it’ at you the moment you walked in the door and tell you to get on with it and wait for you to finish commenting on the maggots—”
That reminds me. Do you still have the email?
Sherlock Holmes was
“Yes,” he admitted. “Yes, I really did. You brilliant bastard.”
What about her?
No wonder Sherlock was a consultant for the Met. The man was probably a godsend on a crime scene, if this was an indication of his talent. They probably paid him handsomely for it as well, which explained his wealth.
“That’s right,” Sherlock says, as softly as he can manage. “You can go to sleep now.” Ostensibly to Rosie alone, but he’s speaking to them both. John might look better now, as Mrs Hudson said, but he’s still far from well-rested.
“Sorry,” he said, a tad sheepishly. “It’s a bit habit at this point. I don’t really think you’re….”
“But he agreed when you brought it up?”
“I’m going to set the phone down,” he said. “Take off my clothes. Okay?”
Sherlock shut the drawer, leaving the box untouched. He felt… muted now, as though he were suspended in water. The room swam around him, seeming faraway.
Sherlock’s heart seemed to wither in his chest. He had to swallow before he could answer. “Not really.”
A blow to the clavicle would have affected Sherlock less. She was struck dumb, gripping the door frame and gaping stupidly while John fetched the antiseptic from the cupboard.
He’s been at it for less than ten minutes when his concentration is broken by the familiar sound of Mrs Hudson’s shoes on the stairs, followed by—ah, of course, Sherlock really should have expected this—
Is that satisfactory?
“A bit shit for the women who might want to play it, isn’t it? I like your character though. Looks devilishly handsome with his beard. Anyway, shall we get started?”
“Hey!” Mrs Hudson shouted. “What’ve you done to my bloody wall?”
Oh, she’d love that too. Something nice and thick sinking into her pussy—which was sopping wet now, soaking the sheets beneath her—while the aftershocks still rolled through her. She was lifting onto her elbows, considering reaching for the bedside table where she kept her dildo, when she recalled exactly what she had been doing and why.
So you went straight from school to detective work?
He has no intention of following Molly’s advice, certainly not at this moment and maybe not ever, but somehow when he tries to tell John that he’s fine, nothing is wrong, why would something be wrong, he thinks,
It was. Sherlock wiggled his bottom again, then sucked in a sharp breath when John promptly smacked it—lightly, barely a tap on his right arse cheek, but just like before, it was startling. He jumped on instinct.
<JohnHWatson> I wasn’t being childish before. Now I suppose I might be a bit.
John made a face. “I’m fine. I’m not hungry.”
“Writing a blog about everything that happens to you,” Ella had said, “will honestly help you.”
And then he could only gape, dumbstruck.
“Do you have any idea how gorgeous you look with your mouth full?” John asked. Sherlock winked and tried to smile, which made him gag, his shoulders heaving. And fuck if, in John’s twisted little mind, that wasn’t hot too, even if it did probably undo some of Sherlock’s efforts to clean the toy before they used it.
It had never been distracting before. A side effect, John assumed, of having sex with her. She should’ve expected this, really. The last (only) two women John had had sex with she had lost her sodding head over, far worse than any of the men she’d dated. Why should Sherlock be any different, especially considering how, well, fixated on Sherlock she had already been?
about the abdomen.”
He remembered the dream so vividly only because he was woken in the middle of it by the phone buzzing loudly on top of the desk.
(John’s exact words, in fact, are: “If you’re determined to fixate on something I say, I’d rather it be that than something I said in a moment of panic that had nothing to do with you. And I’m not joking about the size either. I want it massive, in all capital letters, so you can read it no matter where in there you’ve got yourself lost. Go on. I’ll wait here until you’ve finished.”)
Sherlock’s voice was beautifully, devastatingly soft when he said, “You think you’re being haunted.”
What does that mean??
JohnHWatson: Sorry.
Soon I’ll be back to having nothing to do and no income.
“Shit.”
“All right,” Sherlock said. His face smoothed out, and the crinkles melted away. “Good.”
“Not a chance,” John mumbled into his jaw. “If there has to be some sort of... wonky paternal overtones in this relationship, then at least they’ll be kinky ones.”
Did I get anything wrong?
“Exactly what I had in mind. Brilliant sod,” John says with a smile, and again Sherlock has to duck his head to avoid returning it.
Sherlock arched his lower back and tipped his chin up, accentuating the collar around his throat and making the little silver bell ring sweetly.
Sherlock only huffed at that, then dropped his head back so John could get more easily at his neck.
. God, please.”
She wanted to fuck John, to make her sob and squirm and cling to the sheets to keep herself in place. She wanted to fill John’s wet cunt and pound into her so hard that John would be sore and limping for days.
That was even worse than the nappies.
It shouldn’t have, maybe, but god that was doing it. His prick, which had gone soft while he probed himself, began to perk up, and soon the feeling of his fingertip pushing past that tight ring of muscle swung from
It was a bit of a fib. It was true enough that the pet area of the shop, which hadn’t had an especially impressive selection to begin with, had been quite sparse during Mrs Hudson’s second visit. Owing, she supposed, to the coming holiday and the number of Londoners keen for a reason to dress up their pets in silly costumes. Still, she’d managed to scrounge up a few options, including what she thought was meant to be a fairy costume (there were sparkly purple wings and a tiny taffeta skirt) and a white coat with a printed stethoscope design on the front.
tone. “You deliberated and then hesitated. Interesting.”
When they returned to Baker Street, he thought nothing of collapsing against the wall beside Sherlock, gasping and laughing. It didn’t occur to him that he shouldn’t have leaned towards his new flatmate, just a bit, gazing up at him and trying to share the thrill and the absurdity and the joy of being
“Again,” John says, “massively oversimplifying.” Sherlock can hear in his tone that his patience is stretching, splintering, but still John clings to it, stubborn. “But fine. It arouses me, but it doesn’t arouse you. So what?”
Sherlock climbs the stairs and creeps into John’s bedroom, where he can see John’s shape beneath the duvet. Asleep. Shouldn’t mind, then, if Sherlock sits beside him and waits for him to wake.
John was laughing by the last word. Affection swelled in his chest, burrowing every crevice, when Sherlock joined in, ducking his head so that his curls flopped down over his forehead. He licked two of his fingers and brought them to John’s face, where he swiped roughly at the side of John’s mouth.
Sherlock was breathless, his voice shaking, clearly still at least half in whatever state he’d worked himself into, yet he managed to protest. “What conversation? We’re not having a conversation.”
When his efforts finally paid off and John’s tight arsehole twitched and loosened, allowing the very tip of Sherlock’s determined tongue to nearly slip inside, John gave a violent full-body shudder and grabbed Sherlock’s hair with enough force that it felt for a moment his whole scalp was on fire.
Now you’ve stopped being a prick that is ;)
The BlackBerry was a great deal fatter than Harry’s old phone and also, by the looks, much more sophisticated and no doubt loaded with features he would never in a million years use. He tapped at a few random buttons on the little keyboard and was surprised when the screen lit up. It didn’t need to be charged before he used it, apparently.
Sherlock lays a tender kiss to John’s scar. “Hm?”
John glanced down at himself. An off-whitish cable-knit jumper beneath his black coat and a pair of jeans—the very same outfit he’d been wearing this morning when he’d met Sherlock, actually. Then he looked over at Sherlock, who was dressed in a smart suit with a crisp white shirt beneath the slim-cut jacket. The suit was bespoke too, no doubt, and just one piece of it probably cost more than all of the clothes in John’s meagre wardrobe.
And then, because John is impatient and greedy, Sherlock dips between John’s thighs and eats his arsehole, suckles at his testicles, until John’s need is satiated enough that Sherlock can explore another minute or two uninterrupted.
“Well, that’s certainly something you shouldn’t be doing,” says Molly, and Sherlock can see that she is forcing herself to be cheerful, to keep her chin raised and her tone positive. “Comparing yourself to Mary, that is. All of that, that’s nothing to do with you and John.”
The sight took a moment to process, and then she stopped, staring down at him with a frown. “What are you doing? You’ve never gone anywhere near that thing before.”
Molly’s smile becomes tight; her gaze flickers to the floor. “Oh, he’s… he’s fine. Still a bit knackered from the trip, even worse than I was. We went to Italy! Er, I don’t know if you remember that. I told you, but… um.”
“Oh.” John remembered Sherlock mentioning his brother, claiming he was the British government and had access to all sorts of information. John hadn’t
“Please. Have you met him? He’s keen on pretty much everything to do with you and me, innocent or… not.”
a threat. Dull. I’m a consultant for the Metropolitan Police Service. Why would I be a threat?”
“Like that,” said John. “You just drooled a bit of chicken onto your plate.”
“Are you all right?” Molly shifts her weight anxiously, biting her bottom lip with an uncertain squinty and part-flinching expression. “Was that… was that wrong to say? I’m sorry! I didn’t mean anything by it, I really didn’t. Just that who you are and who you—”
He returned to the head of the mattress and wrapped his arms as best he could around Sherlock’s shoulders, pressed his lips to the corner of Sherlock’s jaw, savouring the taste and scent of sweat and tears and sex that clung to his skin. Sherlock’s muscles leapt with every thrust of the machine, his body swaying back and forth as he was fucked.
“You’re brilliant.”
, balanced herself on one arm so she could use the other to swat Sherlock’s hands away and reach between her thighs. “The way you look at me.”
Frowning, John answered. “Sherlock?”
Then her mobile rang.
Sherlock blinks and looks around the flat again. Sees that the mantel is several feet off the ground, that the fireplace itself is wide open without a single deterrent, and that he’s not even thought to put away the fireplace tools. Hears that there is less awe in John’s voice now and more bewilderment, perhaps a hint of mocking, but that’s fine. It isn’t shouting incoherently in rage. It isn’t telling Sherlock that he’d rather have anyone but him.
Interesting cases are ones in which the police are completely baffled. Locked-room murders are always a favourite, as are any other cases where the criminal has been particularly clever. If you think of a case as a crossword puzzle, then I prefer the ones with the least number of letters already filled in and no one else’s scribblings to impede my work.
It was brief but satisfying, and Sherlock fell into a heavy doze with John’s hair against his lips and the taste of his own come (licked eagerly from John’s mouth) still strong on his tongue.)
He pictures the shape of the word on John’s lips. Easy to do after years of John hedging around inquiries about Sherlock’s sexuality and romantic history. Like that first dinner at Angelo’s.
He sat on the steps outside, as much in the shade as he could be, and waited for the impending bloodlust to pass. He’d known it would be bad, of course; during his residency, then again in Afghanistan, he’d seen a vampire in the throes of it.
that they were engaged—it was precisely the sort of selfish, brutish behaviour Sherlock liked to encourage in John—it seemed… wrong.
“I—” John struggled to gather his thoughts. “Are—” Sherlock’s grip was strong, fucking hell, strong and utterly merciless. “Are you going, mm, going to rip out m-mine—oh god.” He was going to come, already. He could feel it in his spine, his testicles, even his fucking toes.
But, he supposes, perhaps he shouldn’t discourage John from employing his mental faculties, no matter how ill-timed.
“Christ,” John said, sounding startled. But he grasped Sherlock’s hip to hold him in place, even dropped his head back onto Sherlock’s shoulder, so he mustn’t have minded. “C’mon. Give us a grind.”
A lie, of course, but suddenly John didn’t fancy sticking around any longer. Who knew how the night would end if John went along with this? A strange request on Sherlock’s part, an impulsive decision to go along with it on John’s, and his foot might well find itself in Sherlock’s lap again—this time without his shoes and much, much closer to Sherlock’s cock.
“Fuck,” he said, wriggling his arse and making Sherlock echo the swear into his shoulder. “How can I possibly still want more?”
Sherlock covered his face so he couldn’t be tempted to look. If he did, if he saw John’s strong hand and thick fingers on his turgid cock, he would make a fool of himself, he was sure of it. He would gape stupidly and make mortifying sounds and hump John’s fist mindlessly and unattractively.
“Communication is part of a ‘healthy relationship,’” Sherlock guesses.
John hums and wriggles his bum playfully. It’s surprisingly pleasurable, in primarily a mental and emotional sense, for Sherlock to press his cock against John even in a post-coital state. Intimate beyond simply the sexual.
John brought his gun, hidden safely in the inside pocket of his coat. He felt a bit bad about bringing a loaded firearm onto the Tube, in the same sort of way that he’d known it was a bad idea to give SH his mobile number, but neither could be helped. John wasn’t keen to walk unarmed into a totally unfamiliar and potentially dangerous situation, nor did he believe accepting and using a new phone from SH was ultimately safer than giving SH the number for the phone John already had.
Sherlock tended to babble, like that. About whatever came to mind, be it John’s slick arse or the mating habits of honey bees, and oftentimes he didn’t even realise until afterwards when John (chuckling, endlessly affectionate despite Sherlock’s many shortcomings) said,
Yet he’d bought the ring. And John was far from frivolous with his money. Any purchase costing more than thirty, maybe forty quid was given a degree of consideration that bordered on absurd.
Gradually, the shadow of pain cleared from her face, and she moaned softly, wiggling her hips from side to side and then in wide, slow circles, testing the angle and degree of penetration while Sherlock watched.
Then John snorts in amusement and spins his cup round so Sherlock can see there is writing on it.
John,
And indeed, the first thing he says after Mrs Hudson is gone is: “I see congratulations are in order.”
John didn’t know what he’d been expecting. To have it off right there against the door of Sherlock’s flat, maybe, or at least for Sherlock to crowd him as he’d done at the lab and ask John to call him ‘Daddy’ again.
Sitting in the chair next to the bed, just in front of the heart monitor, Sherlock frowned and raised his chin. John barrelled ahead to divert the incoming lecture.
It shouldn’t have been possible—he was technically dead now, after all—but John felt worse after.
Then came the skittering of claws on lino, followed by the groan and creak of a chair and a distinctly feline growl—John’s, it wasn’t quite as low as Sherlock’s, the poor dear—a dull thud, a series of scrambling noises, and finally the heart-stopping
John wears a white vest beneath, one that is several years old. Although it no doubt fit perfectly just after he was invalided, it’s a touch too tight now, the white cotton stretched across his torso until it is nearly transparent. Beneath it, Sherlock can glimpse the expanse of John’s warm-toned skin, the hills and valleys of his muscles, the flat discs of his nipples.
A trickle of pleasure down his spine. Finally, someone else to acknowledge the most momentous occasion of Sherlock’s otherwise dismal life.
“Erm.”
‘Seriously?’ John wanted to say. ‘It’s not even seven yet and you want this to be over?’ But swift on the heels of that thought was: ‘He’s giving you space. He’s not being pushy. Exactly what you wanted.’
, John thought wryly. He wriggled—quite easily, as Sherlock (like most vampires) slept like, well, the dead—from under Sherlock’s arm, left the bed, and went to the bathroom.
Ridiculous, he knows. The heart isn’t even the source of sentiment as popular culture pretends it is. There’s no reason for him to fixate on it. So he traces the lungs as well, then the kidneys and liver, wondering as he does so what John’s look like—how their size and colour and surface texture compare to the average forty-four-year-old male’s.
The niggle of uneasiness returned with a vengeance. Perhaps, John thought, this whole thing was getting a bit out of hand.
been distant?” John’s eyebrow arches like a scythe, grim and devastating, and his lip curls upwards to complement it. “I’ve been following
“Getting close to catching a criminal,” Sherlock said. Her eyes were half-lidded and unfocused. “Clever, he keeps slipping away right when I think I’ve got him, and it’s the best case I’ve had in ages.”
Sherlock would grow tired of him eventually, of course, because that was just how things were. But that didn’t mean John couldn’t have him in the meantime. John
“Shhhhhhhhh-whhhooo.”
“Easy,” John said. There was a waver in his voice, followed by a guttural groan as he reached and touched where Sherlock was stretched wide around him. His fingers brushed the sore, sensitive rim of Sherlock’s hole. “Take it, uhn. Take it slow.”
They didn’t stay away from the tree.
But Sherlock only spoke louder, easily drowning John out, the loud-mouthed arse. “But that’s not it at all, is it? You’re not only a soldier, but a doctor as well. A caretaker: you want to fix people, help them. And with an affinity for dirty talk—tell me, John, do you imagine that you’re talking her through it?”
The glow of it fades quickly, however. Soon he is left panting and trembling in the centre of his bed, still clasping Mycroft’s hands and staring at the Johnless space between his spread thighs.
“Of course not.” Sherlock’s still clothed, after all, and his hair’s unmussed.
Not a good thought, he knows. Not strictly
, Sherlock thought, almost frantic.
She was right, though. Of course. John was even wearing her purple lacy bra (itchy and a bit tight, but it made her tits look
“By the way,” John says, “you still remember your safeword, yeah?”
So-called “cold feet,” perhaps? The prospect of marrying Sherlock, of being legally bound together for a potentially considerable amount of time, might’ve sounded good in theory, but when faced with the reality, perhaps John was shying away from it?
He can see the moment when John gives in. How his eyes go soft and his shoulders, straight and tense, slump slightly, and he smiles. A small one, just a hint of an upwards quirk of John’s lip, but it’s as significant as a speck of dirt on a dead man’s trainer. Sherlock would rather like to place that small smile in a bag and declare it evidence so that everyone understands its significance.
With a wistful sigh, Mrs Hudson swept her hands down the skirt of her dress and moved towards the kitchen, and in the process trodded right over Sherlock’s sheet music. “Oh!” She jumped backwards, surprised, then made an exasperated noise and called towards the back of the flat, “Sherlock, the mess you made!”
Are you there?
for this one. Happy holidays! ♥
Distantly, he heard John’s tread on the stairs. It was slower and heavier than if Sherlock had been with him, leading him. Sherlock lifted his head as the door opened and John entered. He lit up when he saw Sherlock, the same way that Sherlock felt: energised, radiant, the whole world more colourful. A single drop of methylene blue on a microscope slide, enhancing and highlighting: revealing.
There was a sudden crash from upstairs, then the sound of a door being thrown open and bare feet slapping on the stairs.
Finally, Sherlock investigated the sink and the mirror. But when he’d finished, John could tell by the set of his shoulders—not slumped, exactly, but something close to it—that he hadn’t found anything useful.
Before he can speak, however, John sighs dramatically. “Oh well. I would’ve been happy to do it again if you wanted, but….”
“Fucking hell,” John says. “This is what I meant, you know. About some people just not being fathers. I’m complete shit at this. Hell,
John didn’t even hesitate.
John flinched. He’d been avoiding thinking of it like that. It sounded…preposterous. Mad. Utterly humiliating.
And anyway just playing in the same room would solve that. You poking about every tiny crevice is loads more fun when I can see your face.
(intentionally flirty by the way)
John climbed off the bed and walked close enough that he could read the lit-up mobile screen.
“He bloody has.”
Sherlock’s mouth closed with an audible clack of his teeth.
to meet you. I’ve had to resort to bargaining to keep him away.”
. You like me now. In a few months when the novelty has worn off and I’ve insulted you, angered you, ignored you, you’ll… there’ll be
He only hoped that John hadn’t done something idiotic like conspire with the restaurant staff to surprise Sherlock.
over my ex-wife.”
Much as Sherlock does now, dipping his hands beneath the hem and working it higher and higher up John’s chest until he can remove it. It gets stuck briefly on John’s head, but a solid yank frees it, leaving John’s hair dishevelled, his fringe sticking up. Sherlock spends several seconds admiring and cataloguing the picture of debauchery John makes, the numerous data that prove what he has been doing—and with whom—before he tosses the jumper aside and carries on.
John curled his arms round Sherlock’s back, one hand stroking down his spine. “My sweet, needy kitty,” he murmured.
He had snooped; he had jumped to conclusions; he had been utterly, frustratingly himself. If John didn’t want to marry him after all, then Sherlock only had himself to blame.
“In a bit. Let’s make sure we get some food actually
Like?
Sherlock inhaled deeply and manoeuvred himself so he could nuzzle at John’s crotch, where his hard cock was tenting his jeans and practically begging for Sherlock’s mouth. But when he tried to undo John’s zip, John tsked and stopped him.
“Seemed a good time for a visit.”
“Seriously?”
He rifled through the bedside table (nothing but a crisp new paperback, with a photograph of the red-faced, screaming newborn slotted neatly between pages 60 and 61) and the small chest of drawers in the corner (empty but for a single folded pillowcase). He even patted down the bed itself (made with perfect military precision as always). Then he dropped to his hands and knees, threw up the duvet hanging from the edge of the mattress, and peered beneath it.
“Of course we are!” Sherlock shouts, surprising them both. He doesn’t mean to say it, doesn’t even realise he’s in danger of saying it until it’s left his mouth. And then, well. If he’s going to ruin everything, why not piss on the wreckage as well? “You haven’t the faintest
To see your current level, press the Tab key. The number in the upper-left corner is your level. This is also how you access your skill tree, incidentally.
JohnHWatson: I’m not going to punch you.
Sherlock made a disgusted sound. “Now that you’ve wasted my time, yes.”
, John thinks. He raises himself to his hands and knees, and reaches for his neglected prick.
Also, I’m curious. Were ‘independent clause’ and ‘conjunctive’ the first words that popped into your head, or did you have to look them up?
“Excellent,” Sherlock said. The deep satisfaction in her tone made John shiver. “Lie down on your back, with your head on your pillow.”
, he thinks with a shudder. Perhaps this will prove successful after all.
, Sherlock thinks.
“Whatever it is,” John interrupted, as he really didn’t care to quibble about terms. “My point is that all of this, the buying me things and the taking me to dinner and the—the trying to have sex with me. That’s not who I am. I don’t sleep with people for money and nice things.” He shoved the bag towards Sherlock, who actually flinched away from it as though stung. “So if that’s what you want—”
Sherlock certainly feels dirty at the moment, and also very, very impatient. “Yes,” he whispers, eyelids drooping shut. “Yes, oh. That.”
Then Lestrade clears his throat and steps forwards, ducking his head so he can ask in an undertone, “Just for my own peace of mind… all consensual, yeah?”
You’re doing things to me right now you know.
It was the bottle of lubricant. Sherlock’s entire circulatory system seemed to come to a dead stop just as the pins and needles began to spread through his arm and hand.
“Thank you,” John said, although he hadn’t been terribly offended in the first place. To Sherlock, most people probably did seem like idiots—which made it even more baffling that he’d chosen John of all people to fixate on.
Staring, enraptured, John clawed helplessly at the cushion and came. The first pulse hit the back of Sherlock’s throat, but the second and third shot obediently onto Sherlock’s waiting tongue. A shudder rolled through Sherlock’s shoulders, and then he closed his lips and sucked John gently through the rest.
“Excellent,” said Sherlock, sounding breathless. John ached at the thought of what he was doing to make himself short of breath. “I just texted you a photo.”
“Now.”
“Right,” John said. “Good.”
When John thought his nipples looked sufficiently enticing, he grabbed the BlackBerry again and held it above himself, trying to aim the camera at his chest as he snapped a series of photos.
“Here,” John says. “Budge over a bit, and lie down on it.”
“The ‘chopper’ of Croydon,” Sherlock said, a bit too cheerily considering what they were looking at. “That’s what Anderson called him anyway, but Anderson’s an idiot—he didn’t actually ‘chop’ anything; he used piano wire to saw. Very clever, this one. He took the bodies and left the trophies. Usually it’s the other way around.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said. Although the mug was still steaming and far too hot to drink, he brought it to his lips and took a sip.
“Fuck.” John’s legs ached and his lungs burned. He was close. He was so close. “I’m—please—”
“Because they were marks that you made,” John says, in the same voice as when he unearths some new element of popular culture to be astounded that Sherlock isn’t familiar with. “Because you’re a possessive git and you
“To pick something up,” he’d said as he put on his coat, and John had long since learned not to push for details. The less he knew about Sherlock’s experiments, the better.
Bit of a disappointment, that. From their conversation earlier, John had expected a slightly warmer welcome. Still, he obediently fished the BlackBerry from his pocket. “Oh, right. Here.”
“You don’t know that I’m clean,” John said. Even though he was, there was no way Sherlock could know that for certain, no matter how great his powers of deduction were.
John didn’t, but proceeded to spend the rest of the morning setting one up.
John supposed he could use dinner as an opportunity to better gauge whether Sherlock posed any threat to him at all—and as an opportunity to arm himself before he confronted Sherlock again, if it actually came to that.
I’m not obtuse. I’m pissed off.
“It’ll get better,” Sherlock said in the taxi. “Less pain, more of a general discomfort. Your tolerance for it will improve as well.”
As if on bloody cue, the phone on the desk began to ring. The caller’s name and number were withheld, according to the lit screen. It felt for a moment like John’s heart was going to beat right out of his chest.
At just the word, Sherlock can feel the sting of a blade sinking into his skin like a body into water. John marking Sherlock as his own, Sherlock’s blood thick and red on John’s hands. And afterwards: a road map of scars on Sherlock’s body, John tracing them with his hands and mouth, John worshipping them like he worshipped Sherlock’s arse—like Sherlock worships John’s scar.
, John typed. In both the subject line and the body of the blog. When he could think of nothing else to add, he saved the entry and published it, then spent the next few minutes staring at the new post on his blog page.
“All right?” John asks every two scratches, or “Too much?” or “Still with me?” And then, every time Sherlock indicates that yes he’s fine and please continue: “My perfect boy. You’re doing so well, Sherlock.”
“He’s not been himself, not since you died. Well, not died, obviously, but pretended to. Ever since then, he’s been….” Mrs Hudson shakes her head, sitting back in the chair and looking wistful. “He’s been nearly someone else entirely.”
“You should really keep your distance,” Sherlock said. John could feel the rumble of his voice, unnaturally deep, in his own gut. “If we were alone....”
Freshly showered, obviously, although his hair is already very nearly dry. John’s jumper is tidy, not a wrinkle nor speck of lint or hair to be found, and he smells overwhelmingly of toothpaste. An uncharacteristic amount of time and attention spent drying and grooming himself. Indicates nervousness, avoidance.
That sounds awful. I’m sorry he was a such a dick.
I meant that your therapist tasked you with keeping a blog about your life, and you created one that is so dull and impersonal it’s almost farcical. I’ve got case files that are more intimate. You put in the least amount of effort you could get away with while still being able to say you did as she asked. That says you didn’t give a toss about your progress, which means you didn’t cooperate with any of her attempts to treat you. One wonders why you even bothered with therapy to begin with.
Mrs Hudson’s mask of disapproval cracks, and the corner of her mouth twitches upwards. She bends close, patting his shoulder gently, and whispers, “Good for you, dear!”
The idea was oddly… titillating.
I can’t help but wonder if you’d hold your desire, your lust, in your shoulders as well. Obviously they would rise and fall as you gasped and your breathing grew heavier. Maybe they’d do a graceful dance beneath your skin when you got grabby. Do you get grabby? I imagine you get grabby. That you always have to have a hand on me no matter our positions. On my jaw when I’m in front of you, my shoulders when I’m on top of you, my waist when I’m beneath you, my hair when I’m knelt at your feet. It’s good to hold onto, good for gripping and wrenching. Stroking as well as toying idly with, just as I imagine yours is. There’s nothing I want more than to cradle your head against my chest and lower my chin and breathe in the scent of your hair.
God help him, John did. John wanted to ravage Sherlock’s wrist while Sherlock ravaged John’s nape and let John drive him mad. John’s fangs were still out, the hunger still a steady pulse in his body, albeit less insistent than before.
At a quarter past ten, Jake still hadn’t shown up, and John had had quite enough of the North London littles munch.
“[laughing] Oh god, you really—”
Even Lestrade noticed something was amiss. Sherlock’s phone buzzed with a text one evening that simply read:
Removing his finger from John’s arse was nearly torturous. Sherlock did it as slowly as possible, which afforded him the sight of John’s hole trying to cling needily to his finger as it slid free. (A ridiculous thought, he knew, it was simply that the lubrication was drying up, John’s skin no longer gliding so smoothly against Sherlock’s, but when the alternative was John’s arsehole being a hopelessly greedy little thing, oh god, he hardly cared about reality.)
“There’s something else attacking me? Is that something you unusually tall blokes have to deal with all the time?”
Sherlock scoffed. “Of course it’s not drugged. Why would I drug you?”
I liked talking to you, but the game was boring. Building things just isn’t for me.
He opens his eyes, and his vision is filled with John. John’s greying hair, his thin lips, the wrinkles around his mouth and at the corners of his eyes. John’s eyes… impossible to pinpoint the colour. John will answer blue when asked, but that’s not the whole of it. There’s a ring of darkish yellow around the pupil that, at times, makes his irises appear hazel. Now, however, his eyes look more greyish green.
He hadn’t gone into John’s sock drawer since he’d discovered the ring. It had seemed too pointless, frivolous, to seek it out again, whether it be to admire it or to reassure himself that it was there. But with John gone now and the flat silent…
The jumper was larger on John than Mrs Hudson had anticipated, enough so that she could fit her whole hand inside without squishing John’s soft tummy. But that was all right, she decided. Better too loose than too tight. She plopped John on the floor and sat back to observe him.
If this conversation goes poorly, he thinks, he may never be able to drink tea again.
JohnHWatson: I know! That’s not what I was saying. It was meant to be an invitation for you to say more if you wanted.
“He’s got himself a bit of a crush, I think,” she told Molly the next day. (Mrs Hudson had mostly forgiven her and Greg for the disaster with Mycroft. They were good people, after all; they couldn’t have known their cat was an arrogant bully.)
, he thought.
“The next time I see her, then.” Sherlock stared a few more seconds, his head still cocked. His expression seemed more appraising than curious. “How’s the coffee?”
“Oh, this is going to be
, Sherlock scolded himself.
Sherlock wanted to be good. He wanted badly to be good, to have John praise him and stroke him and call him a good kitty, but it was becoming increasingly harder to stay still. His cock was still soft, bouncing with every aborted thrust, but it was also still leaking. He could feel fluid dribbling from the slit the way it usually did when he was so aroused and erect that it hurt. Only John’s fingers had ever done this to him, never his dick, and god it was so much bigger than John’s fingers, so much more unforgiving.
sessions with sex workers.”
“No, it’s fine. You’re right. It is prying a bit and—”
“Not yet,” she said. It was more breath than voice, but Sherlock understood her perfectly. “Just this—
<JohnHWatson> Rubbish at THIS game I said. I’m actually starting to think I’m quite good at Caranguard.
this just because you realised the case would be pink?”
<JohnHWatson> Also a poor writer of video game guides.
John glances up, a little shadow of confusion falling over his features. “Beg your pardon?” Then: clarity peeks through like the sun through the clouds. “Oh, the fridge. Yeah, well. Knew you were bringing body parts home, so I moved things round a bit. I know
8:52 p.m.
‘Maybe he is a consultant for the Met,’ John thought, although the article said nothing about any consultant.
Shifting backwards, John felt Sherlock’s erection, shorter and thinner than John’s but far from unimpressive, poking into his back. The sensation, the whole situation really, struck him as funny, and he giggled even as Sherlock moaned softly and thrust weakly against him. He rocked back, encouraging another stronger thrust, followed by another.
His voice came out a bit higher than he would’ve preferred. John evidently heard it too, as he turned sharply to peer at Sherlock. His gaze raked over Sherlock’s face, which Sherlock tried to make as inscrutable as possible, and whatever he saw there made his shoulders relax and the corner of his lip curl upwards.
But what was there to do about it? Refuse? Tell Sherlock that this was all making him a bit uncomfortable and ask him to stop? Risk offending him and driving him off, the most interesting person that John had met… well, possibly ever? The only person anymore who seemed to think that John was useful?
Sherlock turned over, inadvertently kicking the pillow in the process, and tried to scramble off the bed.
So while he sat with his coffee at what was becoming his usual table at Speedy’s, he opened the BlackBerry’s internet browser, looked up the brand of the watch, and started to browse the Tag Heuer website.
Although, he realised after a moment, the phone wasn’t simply already charged—it was also already
Ah. There’s always something. And anyway, I didn’t really expect to get everything right, as I’ve only words on a screen to go on. If I’d met you in person, my deductions would have been much more accurate.
“Yes,” he says, breathless at the thought. His skin as a mould for John’s teeth. His body as a temporary source of John’s dental records.
John’s heartbeat quickened to a patter, like a little rabbit’s in the path of a wolf. And after he’d spent so long upstairs trying to slow his pulse to its normal rhythm, to hide that he’d woken from an erotic dream—something involving a brick wall and a slick hole, but the rest of the details were gone—with his dick hard and his heart pounding.
He’d nearly forgotten this. How John’s coffee was decent but his tea was undrinkable. That there was a reason Sherlock had always made sure that he reached the kettle first. How many of John’s other peculiarities had been nearly lost, buried beneath a load of rubbish in Sherlock’s memories? He’d have to rediscover John Watson all over again.
Sorry but I don’t know what you mean by ‘playing style’? Do you mean like which skills I’m picking up?
John,
What the hell did his imagination have to do with anything?
Sherlock hears them in the kitchen, cupboards opening and shutting and John whispering “Please, just—” and “I know, hang on—” and Rosie making hiccoughing sobs between furious yells. Eventually the noises recede slightly, moving to the living room. Sherlock finds himself pressing his ear to his closed door, listening for John’s voice under Rosie’s shouts.
“I was going to write,” John said. The muscles in his arms and shoulders were so rigid they jerked beneath his shirt. “Expand parts of my blog into proper stories, pull them together in a collection.”
Sherlock searches his pockets for his phone—not there—and then fairly tears apart the flat in search of it before he finds it sitting in plain sight on the desk beside John’s computer. He scoops it up, then types as quickly as his thumbs can manage.
Sherlock sways towards him, nearly purring in delight. “Yes,” he says. “Fine.”
John snorted and let Sherlock help him to his feet. “You would know all about getting a cab whilst covered in blood.”
Incidentally, I noticed you said in your first email that you picked up an iron war axe in Henry’s house at Baskerville. As that weapon should have been levelled (i.e., the material should correspond with your experience level) and iron is one of the weakest materials in the game, I assume you are still at a low level. As I wrote in my guide, the Hounds of Baskerville is a quest that you should avoid until you’re at least a level 50. Not only is the Hound a difficult boss for lower-level characters, but the catacombs are impossible to navigate stealthily if you’ve a low sneak skill. I hope you’ve left off on that quest for now.
You mean to tell me you ‘delete’ pop culture because it clutters your mind, but you keep a full index of grammar words? Why, so you can lord it over people like me? Rubbish. I don’t believe it for a second. The rules themselves sure, but the actual terminology? Not a second. And as for my punctuation, you can try to correct me if you want, but I can’t guarantee any of it will stick. Not to mention it obviously doesn’t bother you too much since you’re still talking to me, grammatical moron or not. :)
No that was it. But I can find something else to say if you’re bored. ;)
Sherlock pulled off and replaced his mouth with his fist, clenching so tight that John shouted. Meeting John’s eye, Sherlock knelt lower and tipped his chin up, extending his tongue so it was a nice soft pillow for the tip of John’s cock.
“Yes,” he says. “Excellent.”
believed him at the time, but now, seeing that Mycroft somehow had known exactly where to fetch John’s gun, John reckoned he had a better idea of what Sherlock had meant. “Oh, right. Um, hi? And thanks for this, I suppose.”
“No,” John says. “We haven’t talked about where I’m going to scratch you, how I’m going to scratch you, what we’re going to do before and after….”
John lets go suddenly, and far too soon, and Sherlock’s head jerks sharply forwards, momentarily disorienting him. Then he hears John’s zip being undone, the shuffling sound of fabric being moved—
Sherlock froze, still clutching his numb wrist. John’s head was cocked, a vaguely reptilian twist that said quite clearly,
“John.” His tone was breathy, rapturous. “It’ll have to stretch so wide to fit all of you.” Another moan, not as low as the last but twice as hungry. “Penetrate it. Please.”
“Oh!” said the woman, Mrs Hudson. “I see. Well. I’ll just leave the two of you, then, shall I?”
as a father.”
He trails his hands over John’s scar, admiring its weblike texture, tastes the sweat dried at John’s nape. Then he spends several minutes tracing an anatomical heart on John’s skin with a fingertip—larger than John’s actual heart and not positioned even remotely correctly, but it hardly matters. It soothes something in him to do it, and to be able to see in the dim light from the hallway how John’s skin dips beneath the weight of his finger, so he can almost believe he is leaving something behind more significant than dead skin cells, oil, and bacteria.
They were going to have phone sex. Was John all right with phone sex?
Sure, we can compare. We might even find a correlation. ;)
“You want to come again,” said Sherlock. She was nearly panting, her thighs still pressed together and shaking as she squeezed and squeezed and squeezed. John pressed her fingertips into Sherlock’s wrist, massaging the bones beneath. Sherlock’s voice stuttered. “Y-you don’t want to stop.”
everything,
John had returned to the flat after a shift at the surgery, and Sherlock had all but pounced on him, wide-eyed and manic, and demanded, “You have, on no less than 14 occasions, insisted that you are not gay, yet of the 47 gigabytes of pornography currently stored on your computer, 13 gigabytes of it are either ‘gay’ or feature a solo male performer.”
“Do you have to do that first thing in the morning?” John asked. He was stalled in the doorway, carrying his bathrobe and staring stupidly. “It’s…” He searched for the word. Creepy? Nauseating? “Off-putting,” he decided.
Sitting on the sofa, his bare feet on the coffee table in front of him, he was reading a women’s magazine. Or, rather, the magazine was open in front of him, its cover on full display, although he hadn’t read a word of it. John would assume he was reading it, however, and would attribute Sherlock’s question to its contents.
“That was entirely accidental,” Sherlock protests, but John carries on as though he’s not spoken at all.
“Please,” Sherlock amended.
“D’you want some?” John held up the cup while its contents sloshed about.
It was rather less exciting than John’s wake-up yesterday had been. He heaved a sigh as he responded.
“Yes,” said Lestrade with a sigh. “I know. And don’t pretend like you deduced all of that when I just finished
The woman at the crime scene had been mad, doubting that Sherlock could get a boyfriend, thinking that Sherlock was somehow undesirable.
, John thought. Months of struggling to tell his therapist about the nightmares, to put into words the pain and death he saw when he closed his eyes at night, yet here was a vampire who had known just by looking at him. John shifted his weight from one foot to the other, gripping his walking stick.
JohnHWatson: You really do. My first email upset you so much you went on a tirade.
“I want you to cut me,” he says thickly. “Please.”
JohnHWatson: Christ, why are you so peevish all of a sudden? Give me a mo to have a look at the game.
She wondered who else had seen Sherlock like this. There’d been at least one other person, someone who had told her that she was
He felt hopelessly stupid, especially with John staring at him like he was, as though he expected Sherlock to say something more. Offer an explanation, perhaps—which Sherlock certainly wasn’t keen on giving.
The grin dropped. Sherlock blinked several times in quick succession, then stepped back and glanced about the corridor like he’d only just realised where he was. “Is it? That explains the traffic.” He turned back to John, giving him a thorough head-to-toe look that made John want to wrap his dressing gown more tightly around himself. “Oh. You’re—”
<JohnHWatson> No hurry. Have a good night! :)
, John thought, shuddering. Sometimes she thought she was starting to get used to Sherlock’s dirty talk, and then Sherlock would say something that affected her anew.
Sherlock bit his lip and surged up to sitting, leaning closer, gripping John’s bent leg. John let him lift it slightly, fighting a blush and the urge to stop as Sherlock watched him fuck himself. John felt fingers on his arse, warm but as startling as if they’d been ice-cold. They dug into the flesh and spread his cheeks even more. John probably was blushing, then, trying not to think about Sherlock inspecting his arsehole while John kept fingering it like a well-behaved whore.
She’d barely finished the sentence before Sherlock was dashing off to make it.
“What? Why?”
Plus, it seemed that every member of New Scotland Yard knew now that he was the maybe-boyfriend of Sherlock Holmes and acknowledged him with an awed sort of nod. Sergeant Donovan had apparently decided that John was all right after all and sought him out so that she could relate what she had gleaned of the situation so far.
But… not entirely accurate, is it?
And I assure you, my impression of you is far from dismal.
“Oh, that was Sherlock’s doing. It’s terribly important that people know this is where
“There was part of me that was just glad it wasn’t him. Because if I’d had to watch him die again, it would’ve fucking killed me.”
Overcome, Sherlock kissed the crinkles at the corner of John’s left eye and then his right, relishing John’s startled giggle. Then he brought their lips together once, briefly, before he drew back. His chest ached and his throat went tight when John rose on his toes to follow him. As they kissed again, John’s fingers found the lower half of their favoured path and traced it from Sherlock’s nape to his crown.
“You can’t possibly want something less simple,” said Lestrade. Then he blinked, staring at Sherlock as though he was doing anything more than simply staring back and waiting for Lestrade to finish. “Jesus, what am I saying? Of course you do, you overdramatic bastard. You want to make some sort of, what, grand gesture?”
all antitheses to Sherlock’s libido. She would fail to perform. John would be disappointed, then try to pretend as though she wasn’t, although of course Sherlock would see right through it. It would hurt. Excruciating. Unbearable. Awful idea.
get off on it, a bit, but not… not immediately. Not until afterwards, with the marks and the pain when I’m healing….”
John,
“That was meant to be John’s, you know,” said Mrs Hudson, although she couldn’t quite bring herself to be put out by it, not when Sherlock seemed so pleased with himself. “And look what you’ve done to it.”
