Guido Reni's Michael is the painting I was looking at when describing Jarvis' room. Am not into Renaissance art, but of all angel depictions this one resonates with me. If there were angels, I have no doubt they'd be pensive.
“Then what are you worried about?”
Their mouths fell open. “Are you telling me, they kept you for three days, beating the shit out of you and starving you, after they found out that you were their soulmate?” Rhodey was thrumming with anger.
There was a knock at the door. There was a loud clearing of throats. There was a “Tony!” in an exasperated female voice. There was forced medical attention. There were bandages and injections and stinging alcohol swabs to the face. There were lectures. There was rejoicing when the rest of team got back. Then there was nightfall.
Pepper looked at Rhodey like he had grown a new head. “Where have you been? The whole compound is under lockdown. Happy was attacked..”
“Indeed sir,” smiled Jarvis.
Shit.
There was one case of words that disappeared after severe trauma that Tony found fascinating. But that kid never found his soulmate, so that was another joke without a punchline.
“I meant the business? Have we lost any shipments?” Tony tried shifting in bed to face Rhodes but the sudden burst of pain from his ribs put paid to that idea.
“When I was a teenager, I woke up in the snow and... well, my wrist was blank and I had lost all my memories,” Steve said.
“Not for us, Pep. Not for us,” Tony said and reached out to put an arm around her shoulder.
Steve smirked. It was the bitter ugly curve that his lips were used to. “I’ve learned it’s best not to have any expectations. All the same I’d like to know what to prepare for,” he breathed deeply. This was strategy, he could do this. “What are you planning, what kind of fall out do you expect, what kind of back up plan you have and what role did you see us playing…I have a lot of questions for…” and there it was again. Every time he came to Stark, the hesitation was back. Along with the damned itch. Could you feel an itch on your diaphragm?
Glowing just before the words are spoken turned out to be a thing. There were at least 83 comments on the subject. But given that it was an unobservable occurrence—it was not captured on film or even noticed by any witnesses present—the scientific community had disregarded it as fairytale, preconceived notions or retroactive memories, depending on who was conducting the research.
Steve laughed. That was new too. Steve never really laughed.
“What was the haulage again?”
If all went according to plan, by this time next week it would all be over. Or he would have started a war he had no hope of winning. Tony rubbed his face again. It was cold up here. His face was going numb. He looked at his wrist and removed his cuff. It was too dark to see the words, but he knew they were there. He had got into the habit of rubbing a finger over the skin. It calmed him somehow. Placebo effect, he told himself.
“That I heard about. I already sent word to Rhodes with a few leads on the Howling Commandos.”
“Widow was off by seven at least. Two coming for Winter. Four headed to Widow.”
“Don’t… have…th..the..rr..right..sh..sh..shade of red,” Steve sobbed into Tony’s stomach.
Steve was standing on the rooftop watching the fog moving over the city. Nat dropped silently from a passing zeppelin. Sometimes he thought she had a personal bet to make him flinch. He knew he had one not to give her the pleasure.
Rhodes looked confused. “Yes Natasha Romanov. So she is not,” he looked meaningly at the cuff.
Even his voice was beautiful.
Tony was trying to make sense of the jumbled dream he had just woken up from. It had been a funeral for his mother. But the pinched little face in the casket was not Mom. Besides he remembered being bigger, and there had been two caskets and a lot more people. And why the fuck was he feeling happy and sad. The answer came before he finished asking the question. The Cap. Fucking lunatic. Happy at his mother’s funeral? Little psycho thug.
“Friday, who’s she?”
“Блядь,” Natasha murmured and Bucky, next to her, nodded. Steve didn’t know Russian, but he was pretty sure he agreed too.
Steve chose that moment to walk into the room and his words faded immediately. Not only he wasn’t ready to talk about that - it was too soon, to saddle, and Gwen’s memories still burned in his heart and his mind -, but surely he wasn’t ready to talk about it with
They sat and started eating in a curious silence, waiting for an answer. It was undeniable that the kids were immediately more tensed and it wasn’t hard to understand the reason.
She moved her finger on Bucky’s metal arm, in a gesture that was by now familiar. “We could start with your tweet, Steve,” she nodded to herself, “and maybe a picture of Rey’s smile and her blond hair, like… A picture with only the lower part of her face, you know?”
“Trust me, if someone can find a way, that’s Rey. And she studied some of HYDRA’s and Ultron’s files,” Alex smiled widely.
He didn’t have an answer, so he closed his mouth and turned around; Alex, in the kitchen, was watching him with a serious expression, still wearing the training clothes from his earlier sparring session with Bucky.
“I’ll be faster alone.”
“Of them!” Darcy blurted, pointing a finger at Alex first, and then Rey. “They all saw Iron Man chasing them, yesterday, and they have questions!”
“We actually have to start again from dad’s death. It was… You know, I’ve always had a better relationship with my pops, than with my dad,” he admitted. “While Rey the opposite. And she was so smart and she felt so guilty for it… Or at least that’s what I think. That must be the reason she told our dad and only him that she was going to graduate from MIT. We didn’t even know she was taking online classes.”
“Did you knew me, in your world?” Peter asked after a second of silence.
He mumbled something and nodded, defeated. “I wish I could take away his pain… I’d rather feel it myself.”
“Are you gonna just stare at me?” he asked loudly at one point, because he had noticed Clint getting into the room five minutes before and he had yet said anything.
Really.
“Steve,” Jane Foster said with a calm tone that made him even angrier, “we’re scientists! And this is science. We saw a chance and we took it, nothing more.”
Peter stood there, eyes wide open. “But I-”
It went even faster - go figures.
Darcy retreated into another room at that point, shrugging off Bucky’s hand from her shoulder, because she didn’t want her sobs to upset Peter more than he already was. She met Gwen just a few times, they weren’t really friends… And yet she felt such a sadness in her heart that made her wonder how people went on, when bad things happened all the time.
. I’ve been thinking about children, but just ‘cause… I don’t know, maybe not right away? I have time. But yeah, a couple of kids wouldn’t be bad,” he muttered. He glanced at Alex and Rey, and saw them leaving.
“No,” Alex blurted, a wave of nausea making him gag.
He breathed in and out for a few moments, lost in his thoughts. “I guess that’s why they went to MIT alone. Ultron was out there, but she had to go and it was her and dad’s secret, so…”
Peter… Peter had Gwen’s body in his arms.
She kissed his cheek and stood up, almost running to Natasha and her pancakes. “You like cooking?” she asked.
The two of them were incredibly more relaxed and, Alex noticed with a big smile, happier. It was different from the way his parents had looked at each other for his entire life, because you could sense in the air the fact that it was all new, all amazing. The classic honeymoon phase.
“But maybe I could,” Pietro continued; the Avenger immediately looked at him, shocked. “I… You’re cool. And hot. And you seem a genuinely good guy - and I need that, ‘cause you have no idea who my father is, but he’s- nevermind.”
And Tony, just like that, relaxed.
Pietro was buried in his past, in the pain, the fear and the guilt of that time, and it wasn’t fair that now he came back into his life that way; even worse, he had his face but not his memories, his smile but not the same love in his eyes.
“Tony, I’m curious too,” Bruce admitted. “But we have all the time in the world.”
He coughed, looked down and looked back at Alex and Rey in a second.
He looked like he was trying to convince anyone that he didn’t really care, - not more than the necessary - but all the Avengers were able to say that he did. His smile was screaming in joy.
“You’re right, something… Oh God!” he started laughing. “Did you have sex?”
Once, in her world, a couple of people had managed.
“I-I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable,” he added, moving to get some space between them; she followed and they ended up being mostly covered by the door. The Avengers could still see them, but at least it made them feel more… Alone. With a little bit more privacy than being in the middle of the room.
“Yeah,” Natasha grinned, “by your bicep.”
He spent the first week closed in the bedroom Tony has labeled as
He stood facing the window and watched the breathtaking view; he had missed it for so long, that more than once he’d find himself just absorbing it as much as he could.
“But I did it with Alex… What if we make this something ours, from now on? Something that has nothing to do with your old life?”
Jane sat there in silence for a few seconds, before shrugging. “No one answered my question.”
“You know what, Grandpa…” and his voice got lost, as he walked away with Bucky.
“I do love my brother,” Thor exclaimed.
She let the nanotech cover her body - Spiderman gasped - and took his hand, while he sputtered meaningless words of surprise. Rey laughed loudly at that and opened the window.
So they stayed there and they shared the roof and they held hands.
“Yeah, we know,” Jane muttered. “Too well, if you ask me.”
“Ultron’s been taken care of. There’s nothing to worry about,” Natasha reassured them. She moved forward, looking at the kids’ eyes with an unreadable face.
“You speak like a real father,” Natasha smiled then and patted him on a shoulder.
“After six months, only a few of you were still here, still fighting. Then…” he choked and shot a look at his sister, who was shivering. “Let’s say that… Your body,” and he nodded to Tony, “was found. Only Nat, Bucky, Bruce and… Steve were alive at that point. I mean in the Avengers.”
Bucky laughed loudly and gave him a pat on the back; Steve, now purple, hid the head in his hands.
“It was. Shall we go?” the boy replied.
Everyone stared at her, confused, while she moved her hands in every direction.
Really?
“Agent Romanoff, Captain Rogers asks to see the foreigners,” Friday interrupted them.
“What do you mean?” Steve asked while Clint shouted “
Even if it was pretty obvious.
“No?” Alex answered, doubting his own words.
“No,” Alex answered after a deep breath. “We were four.”
They said nothing else, before hugging. Clint kept him in his arms who knows how long, rubbing his spine in what he hoped was a comforting gesture; Alex didn’t cry, but he strengthened his grip and felt like a part of him was dying.
No one looked really worried about the kids, trusting Tony and Thor.
And then, in a second, everything stopped. The air wasn’t electrostatic anymore, the machines weren’t moving and the electric field that didn’t let anyone approach fell.
“You doubted us?” Tony joked. He bent to look for his whiskey and Steve had to keep himself from drooling.
She surely felt like she was his. Alex too, of course.
Tony smiled and hugged him and so did Steve - Rey, kind of crushed in the middle, smiled as well and enjoyed that moment.
Someone laughed, many smirked. The same woman of before looked at him, pensive. “Their hero-names are
He didn’t get the chance to choose, anyway, because Tony - eyes still closed - hugged him and forced him to stay still. “Sleep,” he mumbled.
Steve, sensing like everyone else that something was wrong, interrupted him. “It’s alright, son. It’s alright.”
“A brother.”
“So, were you the only Avengers’ kids?” Rhodey asked after a while, sitting on a couch.
Finally, they arrived.
Alex was smiling, tears in his eyes, and Rey was biting her right cheek.
“I’m-we’re not… We’ve been eating. Just… Not so much. We wanted to be sure the others had food first.”
The kids followed her, holding hands behind her back as to give each other strength. They were really different and yet so similar, with the same lost expression.
“And I know it’s okay,” he continued, causing Alex to turn not to meet his eyes. “I mean it,” Clint insisted. “It’s boring it’s so normal.”
Oh God, Steve thought. Not just one, but two.
What.
“You said you were five,” Rhodey ignored him.
It’s simple, Steve thought. That “it’s not” she blurted was totally unexpected, and just because she finally said something it didn’t mean she was now able to fully talk. Whatever made her silent was still there - it just broke down for a second.
“I didn’t mean to be harsh,” Bruce added, hiding his hands into the sleeves of the shirt he was wearing. “I’m just worried.”
He winked and Alex realized they were in an alley, not too far away from the fight; the same fight that was now forgotten, closed in a corner of his mind. Even his own sister disappeared for a second… Because he was staring into those eyes.
He took a deep breath. “Which is good, because I want to tell you a little bit of how things went. And I don’t think she should listen to that. Live it again would only break her even more.”
As long as I’m concerned, they’re orphans.”
She waited a second, lost in her thoughts. “Actually, it’s a good plan. We can all create so many expectations, we build it and build it and build it until people will be dying to know more.”
Pietro touched the middle of his back, comforting.
Rey shook her head once more and Peter stared at her, confused.
He realized what he said and groaned. “No pun intended.”
And, for once, the future looked a little bit brighter.
“It wasn’t your fault,” he sobbed.
For a second Peter felt weird, noticing how easily Fitz seemed to understand Rey and her silence, but when he saw the way he looked at Simmons he felt immediately relaxed.
“Chill? Chill?! You created a fuc-
“I know,” the archer nodded. “He’s not your real father and it feels weird, I bet. But somehow you care about them just like you would with your parents.”
Steve and Tony jumped on their feet, ready to help in any way possible, and Alex took the sleeves of the shirt he was wearing in his fingers, playing with them as to stop himself from reaching out. Steve walked forward and put a hand on his shoulder, smiling and nodding. “You okay, son?” he inquired.
“It’s okay, Alex. Everything is fine,” Steve murmured, looking at Tony because he had already understood the topic; meeting his eyes, he realized he wasn’t the only one.
“Okay, that’s it,” Tony exclaimed. “I’m gonna drag Pete out of that room.”
never
“You just said tha-” Alex argued.
Clint breathed in and out slowly. “New York’s divided. Half thinks of Spidey as the hero we know he is, the other half sees him as a criminal vigilante.”
“So…” Tony spoke after a second, “does anyone want to see how it goes?”
She shook her head.
I'm so sorry I'm late and that this chapter is shorter than usual, but college has been crazy. I don't think I'm gonna be able to post a new chapter, but from June on i should be more like usual.
“He called me
“I mean,” Tony continued, “I know I’m probably the most curious one, but there’s no need to talk about sad things, right now. We’re having breakfast!”
“But it’s done,” Natasha continued. “Friday, are they still in the showers?”
“You changed his life,” Steve declared after a while, interrupting her thoughts. “You know that, right?”
He wanted to make it right, this time around.
“No,” Tony laughed. “No, better! We,” and he moved his hand to indicate Bruce and Jane, “we made you travel from another
with the kids, which meant doing his best to understand and respect their feelings and… Fuck, he was going to fail so badly, in this
Alex and Rey laughed quietly.
I’m ready
“What?”
“I’m not talking about losing our family,” Alex specified. “I’m talking abou-about falling in love,” he coughed in discomfort, “just to lose them.”
He hugged her and danced and laughed, and it was so full of joy that it made everyone smile - or, in Darcy’s and Steve’s case, hide the tears.
Tony and Steve, sitting near, looked at each other in silence.
The girl nodded. She was touching the couch in awe, almost surprised that she was really able to do so, and she was cute as hell.
“No,” Steve interrupted Tony, “I was talking about Bucky. I think the kids are good for him.”
“Com’on, Rhodey, chill!”
“What about him?” Steve asked, trying to understand where the conversation was heading.
The truth was that the day before the Soldier had destroyed him, but there was no need for the others to know.
The kids had fallen on a skyscraper roof, one on top of the other, and the suits immediately started retreating, revealing Alex’s angry face and Rey’s worried one.
“Tony, you bastard!” swore again the voice. The man whom it belonged to arrived a second later and Tony tried to hide behind Thor, who just got into the room.
She was watching the videos and one after the other, everyone in the room started doing the same.
“There’s no need, I assure you!”
“And I do.”
Love had failed, with him, and he didn’t really want to try again.
“Thanks,” he nodded, eyes wide open and a lost expression on his face.
And he refused to let go.
“I’m not-” the billionaire murmured, but stepping forward anyway. “I don’t-”
“Yeah, ah ah. And the hell is freezing,” Clint snorted. Tony and almost everyone in the room smiled or laughed a little at that, but Steve - and he was sure Natasha and Bucky noticed too - saw the strangers exchanging a look and biting back a smile.
A yell made them all jump. “Tony!”
“Doctor Richards,” Steve corrected him without thinking.
“Yeah, but emotionally? They’re a lot younger, right?”
“You told us everything until Bruce’s and the Other Guy’s… Division,” Bucky suggested.
“I think it’s good for him,” Steve mumbled after a second, ignoring Peter, who silently retreated to one of the labs.
I’ll shield them, he promised himself.
It felt like home.
They ate in silence, Tony and Steve looking at each other every second more frequently, the both of them thinking about the fact that
They were the Avengers, but oh, how they were curious.
Oh, it felt good, being there. Fighting with the Avengers, just like he had hoped and wanted so badly for years.
“I look like him,” Pietro replied slowly, confused.
“I don’t see why it matters,” Steve intervened, “but yes, they are. They lost their parents in the battle of New York.”
“…Did I exist in that world?”
And she hated it.
“Why aren’t the new recruits here?”
It was Rey and her expression, so fragile and happy at the same time, and her arms around him. It was his hands on her back and her broken voice in his ear.
, Tony’s answer seemed to be.
“For Alex? Yeah, I-”
And the Avengers were his family… And also saved people, yeah, there was that too.
“You’re not just kids,” he repeated. “You’re my kids.
“How about we go out?” Steve proposed in her ear. “Just the two of us.”
Every journalist in the room straightened up, eyes on the Avengers’ table; after all, that matter was the reason for the conference.
They chose to use that excuse as the reason why the kids had decided to join the Initiative, because a lot of people died, that day, and them seeing their parents get killed by aliens and wanting to save others from the same fate was a good story - one that could hold in front of the press.
Tony was astonished.
Clint snorted loudly, spitting milk and cereals everywhere; Natasha, who was sitting by his side, looked at him in disgust. When she realized the reason for that mess, though, she blinked several times and smirked.
“We will face it,” Tony replied coldly. “Because there’s no way in hell we’re going to take from Bruce the chance to have the life he wants.”
Steve moved to the couch and sat down with a worried expression. They knew nothing about those kids, not even if they had a family back in their world. If they needed medications or if they were human at all. Maybe they had powers. Maybe they were dangerous.
is totally over the moon for the kids.
“Emergency call from Spider-man, sir.”
“What happened?” almost everyone asked. Bruce and Jane were the only ones not to, because they were organizing a plate full of fruit and two bottles of water.
Bruce was already looking through Tony’s files, trying to understand if he had created… That, or if they did. Or, better, Rey. He doubted Alex could have done it, and absolutely not alone.
He never made a move, though, because if things went wrong between them the Avengers would suffer for it - they’d break.
“Next thing I know, I’m about to vomit and I feel more powerful than ever… And I can fly,” Alex shrugged, biting his nails. “So I immediately fly to Rey, even if I don’t even know how I’m alive or flying or, yeah,
CHAPTER 13
They all went to bed soon after that; the only one who didn’t go to sleep right away was Natasha. Standing still in the darkness, she hid her smile and kept thinking.
“You’ve been kind of an asshole,” Jane muttered.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Block it, Friday!” Steve ordered just when Tony exclaimed “stop the elevator!”.
“You know what? We shouldn’t talk about this,” Tony declared, taking a sip from the glass of scotch he had previously taken - once in a while couldn’t hurt.
Peace.
“Okay,” Tony mumbled, surprised, and he turned toward Alex. “Movie?”
She stared at the Avengers and she opened her mouth as to speak, when she saw Tony and stopped. She took a step back too and Steve wondered for a second what kind of universe they’ve had to be in, for looking at them in that way.
“Guys!” he blurted. “It-”
It was the love the entire room was filled with.
“They are still your heirs, Man of Iron. You have responsibilit-” Thor remarked, but he was interrupted by Tony himself, who slammed a hand on the table.
stop it!
I think next chapter will be the last one.
Tony stiffed without really meaning to.
“Same,” Bucky smiled. “We probably trained them.”
“Why, you think you’re safe?” Tony grinned. “Do you even realize how bad it will be when your boyfriend will have to meet us? Knowing you’re Captain America’s and Iron Man’s kid?”
Everyone went quiet.
, he thought.
Sometimes it was almost like they were getting younger every day they spent there, safe and with adults taking care of them. Like they let themselves be relaxed like normal kids should have been - they were older, now, after all.
“It’s okay, it’s okay,” he murmured, but he was actually starting to freak out as well. He shot Steve a look, but he was too focused on the kids to notice.
“I thought I’d never see you again,” the boy murmured and he kissed the girl’s forehead. He then turned to face the Avengers. “And she’s not my girlfriend.”
He, in fact, had gone outside the State on a mission with Sam and Bucky, and had yet come back.
Steve stepped forward and so did the others, hands up in a
“She wasn’t sure it would have worked, but in the second we got into the lab, while I tried to get the old suits, she took the serum and the technology. She actually wanted to only give it to me,” he laughed quietly. “But I screwed her plans up.”
This made him jump and get out of the lab as fast as he could, because not even three months had passed since Gwen’s… Since Gwen, and the idea of feeling anything
“Why! You don’t want us!” Alex yelled; Mjolnir was on Rey’s chest and she was on Alex’s, because in the same moment they had started falling, he had hugged her from behind and shielded her from the worst of the hit.
“While it lasts?”
Rey was crying, eyes locked first with Tony and then with Steve, and the latter exhaled in shock a breath he didn’t know he was holding.
“What?” Jane asked, incapable of stopping herself. Thor smiled behind her back.
He coughed and sobbed and then laughed once more, in a mix of histeria and pain that made Tony sit quickly and make him sit as well. “Breathe, Alex.”
“Not quite as much,” Alex admitted, “but still pretty good. I’m just… Not really into those things. I’m more of a… Tactical kind of clever.”
“You’re not him.”
, of course he’ll come back!” he said quickly.
They were like frightened animals.
The kid - he was young, for God’s sake! - looked at Steve and paled; he then noticed the rest of the Avengers; he took a step back and smiled, a sad, heart-breaking smile that disappeared when he lowered the head. “Am I dead?” he asked in a breath.
“With Bruce.”
It just helps you breathe.
“What do you want to do, uh? Run for your entire life? Because I’m sure as hell not going to stop chasing your and your sister’s ass.”
“Right now,” he hissed, ending the discussion. He was trying to be
“Give me time. You look like the kind of guy I could fall for,” he admitted.
talk, Tony thought.
“Wait,” Steve stopped them. “Are you saying that… They’re not just kids, but
He coughed, eyes filled with tears. “We didn’t ever realize Xavier’s school had been attacked, you know? But one day Ultron’s robots could absorb and channel solar power just like Bobby… And so we knew.”
“I’m just… Not him?”
“No,” Alex hissed. “No way. Not in our world, not for us. You didn’t, you…” there was panic in his eyes - and in Rey’s too. She was having difficulties to breathe.
“Mr. Stark! Mr. Stark! Over here!” a woman called loudly, moving her hand to gain the superhero’s attention.
In the meantime, Natasha, Darcy and even Pepper, who now knew the entire story of the universe-experiment, had taken Rey for a girls-only day, Tony’s credit card in the hands and basically every boutique’s director ready to help them - and their money - in every way.
She did it again.
smart. Not just cocky.”
“Every time I see them standing there my chest aches and I remember all those horrible things that happened to us. And I want to protect them, but I know I won’t be able to, not from everything.”
Sandman had almost killed her.
That brought silence into the room. “Sorry, I shouldn’t have said it like that,” he apologized when Rey slapped lightly his knee.
But now? Now it was even worse.
Alex shut her out completely, focused on his task and his sister - it was impossible, for him, to ignore Rey, after a life spent taking care of her. He jumped from a building and let himself fall for a couple of seconds, before flying fast to the side of one of those criminals; they were called the Sinister Six and, honestly, he could see the reason.
Alex closed his eyes and rested his head against the cold wall by their side. “Why are you here?” he asked, even though he wasn’t sure he wanted to know.
And with that, she disappeared in the hall.
And that was the exact reason why she was in her da- no, Tony’s,
“You don’t know if I-”
“From
She just had to.
“What about the others?” Steve asked, voice hard.
“I should have seen it!”
“That wasn’t suspicious at all,” Tony laughed getting into the room.
Charles sent him a pensive look. “I see,” he murmured, before turning to stare at Pietro.
“Wasn’t he an Avenger, in your world?” Darcy asked, before sitting near Bucky.
Alex didn’t even need to think about it. “It’s not the same!”
She nodded, panting hard, and he let her go, standing up and helping her to do the same.
The others turned to look at him, surprised; no one had thought about asking them such a question and now they all felt stupid.
“I don’t know what to do,” Tony grunted in frustration one day. “He doesn’t want to talk, or take some fresh air, or… Anything!”
- lab, trying to recreate the serum HYDRA had injected Bruce. She was trying as hard as she could and everyone knew it; even Bruce, who kept doing breathing exercises to calm down and control his impatience, saw it.
“Tony!”
“We come from another universe, Rey and I. One where the world was falling apart and to die was considered to be lucky,” he admitted, moving to look at the city and not at the man standing by his side, who gasped loudly.
Also, Alex was just like his fathers… He couldn’t back down from a challenge.
“Oh, you woke up and I wasn’t there. Sorry ‘bout that.”
. That’s how I call fourteen corpses.”
When he woke up again, Alex found Rey squeezed between himself and Tony, Steve’s arm trying to hug them all. A whispering and the sound of glasses and cups were coming from the kitchen, but there was no way for him to untangle himself.
“Guys?” a voice stuttered from the door; Alex was there, looking way younger than he was in Steve’s pajama - he wasn’t quite as big as his “father” was. The expression on his face was broken, like he had fought against himself and cried and screamed.
That stopped the chase basically five seconds, a thunder and a “what the heck?!” later.
Bucky grinned when Alex blushed so much he became as red as Tony’s suit, while Clint was using ASL to talk to Natasha without speaking.
Tony held a finger until he poured himself a cup of coffee; Thor got his poptarts, Clint and Steve their cereals. Bruce took his tea, while the others looked at her with confused expressions.
“I’m not him,” Pietro repeated from behind his back. “And I’m glad of it.”
. We also picked the people who needed it most. As we’re all aware of, I’m a genius. You don’t call someone a genius if they don’t do genius things.”
Bucky followed, but not before looking at Steve. He had a hand on Peter’s back, while Tony one on his shoulder, on the other side.
“Rey, Rey! Relax,” Alex almost shouted, taking her chin between his hands. “It’s okay, he’s…”
“Peter’s a great kid, you know?”
Bucky walked to her side and touched her arm, winking when she looked at him.
“Yeah,” Bruce nodded. “A good kid, came to the Tower a couple of times… So smart.”
“It’s a matter of experience too,” Natasha said firmly, still as ever on her chair. She looked the man who had asked the question right into the eyes until he lowered his, and then she grinned.
“Hungry?” Steve asked.
“Just?” the journalist repeated. “Are there other reasons?”
“Rey?” Natasha asked him after a while.
He sprinted, leaving Pietro behind for the not-even-a-second it took him to move too. “Wait, you’re gonna get sick again,” the mutant said, reaching out to stop him by the arm.
“No!” he yelled, so loudly his own ears ringed.
“Food. I’d like to give the kids a full medical examination and talk about creating them a diet,” he announced. “Underfeeding is an issue.”
The waves sound increased even more and an image started forming on the thing - Steve had no idea how to call that freaking circle. “Is that...” he started saying, just when Natasha spoke.
Alex fought the instinct to turn quickly and look at him like he was an alien, and stood there, waiting for him to go on, but refusing to meet his eyes.
Please tell me I’m wrong.
Peter had started talking again, getting out of his room often and for more than just a couple of minutes. He wandered to the labs, watching with interest Jane, Bruce, Tony and Rey work, even though except for the last two they all had different disciplines. One day, less than three months after, two other scientists, two SHIELD agents, came too and worked with them - Simmons with Bruce and Fitz with Tony and Rey.
Tony and Steve both frozen and frowned - then they looked at each other and started running.
She turned to look at him and froze noticing Pietro; Alex’s hand on her arm, however, made her realize it wasn’t the time to make a scene.
“Just say the word, Pops,” Alex smirked, before even registering his own words. He winced and got back on his seat, retreating and putting as much space as he could between him and Steve. “I didn’t - I didn’t mean…”
“Well wha-oh.
“You mean
Chapter 11
“Where’s Peter?” Natasha interrupted them - she actually didn’t want the attention to go back to the kids’ old world, because she had noticed their expression and, honestly, they were having such a nice day. There was no need for sadness.
And yet it made him uncomfortable, because that day had been the first time they met, at least for him.
“Not a beautiful young love, then,” Thor continued.
The room got filled with silence. No one was sure what to say, how to react… But Tony had to.
Alex looked very conflicted for a second, before sitting back on the chair and smiling sadly.
“You saved her life,” he continued.
“How did you find yourselves alone?” Steve asked.
She shook her head.
“It’s okay,” Clint repeated. “No one is going to take them away from you. No one and nothing.”
CHAPTER 5
Natasha smiled. “So you
Rey nodded, before shooting a dubious look at Alex, who shrugged and moved his head, as to say “go”.
“I guess you’re Alex,” the oldest murmured after a minute. The air was warm and the sun was going down, creating a beautiful red and orange light, and yet Peter found himself shivering. He crossed his arms and soon felt Rey move to rest her head on his shoulder.
“It was a risk you shouldn’t have taken,” Natasha snapped, looking out of the window as to find an answer.
“Dad, Pops?” Alex called them, a while after calming down. They were laying on Tony’s - and now Steve’s - bed, both of them hugging the kids, who were in the middle; Alex was almost as big as Steve, so it wasn’t actually the most comfortable position ever, but it did the job.
“Are you kidding us?” Tony exclaimed from his place on the couch, where he was holding Rey into his arms. She had already stopped shaking, his brave little girl, but her throat was still aching.
“Guys,” Bruce smiled sweetly, stopping everyone to talk even more. “There’s no need. I don’t… I don’t want to have hope when in our world it’s impossible to…”
“You didn’t sleep,” Alex noticed. “Why didn’t you move, then?”
He frowned, looking at Tony, who shrugged and said nothing.
“Yeah, I guess I coul- I can. Why?”
It was good to know that they agreed on keeping the kids in the Avengers Tower.
“Professor X needs to talk to one of the Fantastic Four and I chose to jump on board,” he talked fast just like his Pietro did, and Alex felt his throat ache. “Then we saw the fight and we stopped to help.”
?” the man smirked. “Nice name, by the way. I think it’s hot!”
“And now even looking at me hurts.”
Alex laughed quietly.
It was, at that point, at least fifty percent his fault, if Electro was capable of using his distraction. Well, Thor’s too, but he had noticed a jet approaching and had looked at it, turning his back to the situation, for only a second - the exact time it took Alex to see Rey vanish under the sand.
We’re here. We’re not going anywhere.”
He hoped.
“Where is she?!” he asked as soon as he got near an Avenger - Falcon, to be more precise.
And there has to be a sensor or something, he thought, so that the suit appears when they command. Just a thought and they’d be covered in the armor - not really like his; it looked thinner and more flexible, almost like a second skin, but able to fly.
Alex coughed. “Mh, well… There was a… Like a cave, with a water-carved tunnel that led to a… Like a system of different caves. It was… Big a-and it had a subterranean river. So, you know…” he kept stopping to breathe and to find the right words, immediately pale and sweating.
“HYDRA,” he muttered. “That’s what happened.
“Nothing!” they both answered at the same time.
“You’re here to interrogate us,” the boy stated, not even bothering to make it a question. The girl said nothing.
“Let’s go, hottie. The X-Men’s jet is over there,” Pietro smiled, taking him by the arm and starting to pulling him along.
!” he hissed, making Clint giggle. Then, because he couldn’t deny it, he bit his lips. “I- yeah, okay?
Rey shrugged.
A baby.
She shook slowly her head, looking for a second as lost as he was. “Let him ask, don’t force him. Let him grieve.”
The electric field around the strange thing, however, wouldn’t let anyone pass; it was so strong that when Clint - being Clint - shot an arrow to it, it made him fly against the wall.
“The supervillains-”
“You don’t know-”
“Impressive,” Tony giggled, amazed. Those kids were awesome… But how could she create a new serum, how could she be that smart?!
Alex avoided meeting her eyes and held his sister’s hand. They were young, surely not older than twenty years old, and they appeared a little bit scared, but also incredibly strong and close. Even with new, fresh clothes, and clean from the showers, both of the kids looked in distress - and very, very slim.
“Let’s go to the living room,” Tony murmured - what he actually thought was
“Why isn’t the elevator working?” Alex snapped in that moment. Rey, big blue eyes open in shock, looked at Tony in pain.
She smiled weakly, hoping to stop anyone to reach out and try to make her feel better.
“Steve,” Nat smiled after a second of hesitation, “he’s built like you. And she’s a smaller and more… Female version of you,” she said.
“Did you at least ask her what she wanted to do?!”
“I’ve been in your position, you know?” Alex muttered after a couple of seconds, voice strained by pain and eyes fixed on the sky. He moved the pack of cigarettes and slowly pressed it to his lips, in an intimate gesture that Peter felt intrusive in watching. Rey kept looking at them, silent as always.
“I loved him and I’ll never see him again. I didn’t do shit, for him, you know?!”
those identities. He needed to do an accurate job, if he wanted to keep them safe.
They ran as fast as they could - and almost bumped in Thor, who was talking rather intensely with Bruce and Jane.
Now they were both tense. The girl, Rey, was still silent, but looked ready to jump and run away. It was Alex, holding her hand, to keep her on the couch.
“Why,” Tony distracted them with a smile, “you want to get rid of me?”
Tony, in the meantime, was flying as fast as he could, following his stupid-yet-genius kids all around New York’s sky. He could hear people scream at them in wonder, trying to understand what was happening. A few were already starting to hide, because of the two “bad guys” Iron Man was chasing - instead, some fans were already talking about the new superheroes and what their names were.
“Everyone thinks you’re a couple, Steve,” Darcy added, eyes glued to her Starkphone. She was trying to read and watch as many tweets and articles and videos as she could, to understand the extent of the damage. “Aaand they all figured out she’s one of the new recruits.”
“Where are you, son?!” Steve asked, already dressed as Captain America - Alex shot him a look but said nothing, because jealousy was the stupidest thing he could be feeling at the moment. Also, he probably used the word “son” with everyone who was younger than him.
“Yeah,” Steve smirked. “With Vision and the twins’ help we managed to destroy i-him? It? Anyway, we almost lost Pietro, but his dad arrived with the X-Men just in time.”
“Hey,” Steve answered. “You want to sleep some more time, kid?”
“Not really.”
“What?”
Anyway, enjoy! <3
“Sounds logic,” Steve admitted in a whisper. “If they were my kids, I’d wanted you to teach them how to defend themselves.”
Thor laughed loudly at that and looked at his girlfriend, who was focused on the kids, ignoring her best friend.
Day after day, they waited.
Alex reached out?
,” Rey smiled.
Steve tried not to sound too pissed, but he really couldn’t understand how someone as smart as they were could have done something so stupid.
“So… What’s the rest of your story?” he asked. “Because it kind of feels like it’s a tv series or a book and this are episodes or, I don’t know, chapters. And I don’t want your story to take an entire season.”
that you have kids now!”
“No,” Natasha stopped him. “That’s not the way and you know it.”
“I never wanted kids, Foster. And you’re in my lab, remember.”
“I think-” he started saying, only to be interrupted by Clint, who was staring at Rey.
“Are you okay?” Pietro asked him running by his side and holding his arm. He noticed his confused look and shrugged. “I took the stairs.”
The thought scared him more than he was comfortable in admitting and not just because he was incapable of having good, healthy relationships - not even with Pepper and that woman was a saint! -, not even because the entire world would have accused him of ruining America’s Golden Boy. Not even, Tony thought, because I’ve never really learned how to love and how to be lov- he stopped abruptly, closing the memories of his father in a corner of his mind.
“I caused a lot of-”
No one wanted to see them jump.
“Yeah, he once jumped out of a plane in order to avoid talking about his love life,” Natasha pointed out. She moved forward and sat on the couch, telling Friday to show her the videos from outside’s cameras - Bucky, pale as he could ever be, was stressing Steve about the reveal.
“She takes it from you.”
It meant having a family, after all.
“You have every answer in the world, uh?” Alex snorted.
Maybe, he thought in a wave of surprise and pride,
She flew to the roof, arms around Peter’s chest, and they used a metallic tube like a bench, where they sat. She listened to his exclamations and answered his theories in the best way she could, even though still non-verbally, and that distraction was welcomed; not to say he forgot about what happened, or he stopped caring! It’s just that, sometimes, when something bad happens, it’s okay not to think about it. It’s okay to protect yourself by getting distracted - it doesn’t fix anything and it doesn’t help in the long run, but if done for a short period of time it’s okay. It’s not intoxicating.
“Someone created… Bruce, let’s go to the lab!”
“Brienne,” Alex hissed, sounding both angry and in pain at the same time. Rey, by his side, gave him a pat on the back.
“It was, yes, but we were trying to survive and to protect a bunch of people, when you died. And Brienne, your-
“I’ll talk with them, try to find out as much as I can.”
“He’s in pain, Tony,” Natasha murmured from the wall she was leaning on. “It’s not that easy.”
Tony smiled sweetly and stole him a kiss. “The kids are good for all of us.”
“So it’s something different.”
“Okay, let’s make things clear: you wanted me to work in the Tower and yes, you’re technically my boss, but
“How is that possible?”
He didn’t know the entire story, but for what Alex told them about his death, well… He had screwed their relationship up, somehow. He didn’t make him feel loved enough, or good enough, or… Or just enough anything.
“Kiddo,” Tony murmured, stepping forward too.
“Talk again!” he ordered her. “Please.”
Tony said they chose the most damaged world, the most damaged people… None of them could ever forget what the kids had been trough.
At the very center of the lab there was a big water-like circle mid-air, with little lightings all around.
Natasha lowered the hand which she had knocked with and she entered the bathroom the Avengers used after the training sessions. She immediately observed as much as she could: the boy had a big scar on his back, that started under the neck and ended on his right ribs. The girl had a scar almost identical from the center of her back to the lower-right part, just as if she had been partially protected by him from something.
“Hi,” he decided to start talking. “You both know who we are. Am I right?”
“We don’t know for sure. He, Daredevil and The Thing disappeared in a month… Then Ultron appeared.”
Clint had started caring. He was sure he liked them, but to the point of talking to him like his other-universe-version - his
“I’ll talk to him,” Clint said and followed him, ignoring Tony’s surprised look; he was sure the man liked his kids, but he never saw him actually spend time with them if others weren’t in the room, so… It was weird seeing him this interested.
“Wait, what?” Tony exclaimed. “You can’t send them to bed! We want to know!”
Pietro, I’m coming
Pepper never wanted to hurt him, everyone knew it.
They stood there for a few minutes more, waiting for Alex to calm down, and when he did they made him sit on the couch, a blanket on his shoulders and Bruce’s tea in his hands.
“I can’t believe it,” he mumbled.
They stayed there for a while, yeah, and when the room became too small and Peter became claustrophobic they decided to go get some air.
“Did I ever took you for a ride?”
“Okay,” Steve smiled. He moved and took Tony with him, getting near the window. He stared at New York and started talking, refusing to look at the man by his side. “I’m terrified,” he confessed.
“Let them be,” Bucky suggested. “They have to process everything and it’s not something easy.”
Alex released the breath he didn’t know he was holding and looked at his feet, naked and full of cuts.
Clint grinned. “I know you’re jealous.”
He walked to the window, Rey by his side as always, and he opened the big glass door from which New York shined in all its beauty.
“Do you think it’s something they were born with?” Jane muttered after a moment.
“I-I know.”
They came back long after midnight, in the Quinjet Natasha flew there because “Spider-man can’t swing right now and… Just come, please, Nat”.
“Well you shouldn’t!
“I miss him,” he replied, crying just as hard as she was.
“No, one day we’ll tell them,” Tony replied. “We’ll be in control of it the entire time.”
“I get that you know all of us,” Natasha murmured.
“Does it matter?” she smirked. “Also, your real kid is in his room, right now, so just let things happen.”
“No,” Alex replied, watching the pack with an odd expression. “I heard what happened,” he continued.
She nodded, gleeful.
She was safe.
“Oh oh,” he said.
Bruce and Bucky chose that moment to come into the room, followed by Alex and Rey. Both the kids and Bucky were dressed in the training clothes, while Bruce had some papers in his hands, papers filled with data.
They’re mine.
I’d rather be dead than live without her!”
She nodded, glad that she got him to talk and to look more alive than he did in the last few days. She had seen people in that situation, both strangers and people she cared about, and it always hurt her not to be able to help them. Ultron had made her feel useless in ways she had never thought she’d experience, but now those horrors gave her the chance to act, to know what to do.
“Oh, that’s sad,” Tony grinned, “but you’re both covered in dust and you’re in my lab so... In the showers. Now.”
Pietro stopped, hurt. “I didn’t even know you before today, except for the News.”
“Thank you,” she murmured, quietly as always, and he felt his heart melt.
“I-I did nothing,” Peter replied. The X-Men jet had just parked on the terrace in front of them, but honestly it was Steve, who was making him the most uncomfortable.
Everyone stood up to welcome them; Thor was the first, face fixed on the ground. Then came Natasha, who met Clint’s eyes and shook slowly her head.
“Well,” Steve bit his lips for a second, taking the question on himself, “I think all of us, even just for a matter of age gap, feel a sort of protectiveness toward them.”
I’m your…”
“Pietro,” he breathed and immediately wanted to cry, to scream, to kiss him and punch him at the same time.
CHAPTER 8
, he will,” added Bruce, mentally kicking himself. “I was just saying that Tony was already worried and then you got hurt on his watch and he’s probably blaming himself and he’s also probably freaking out ‘cause he thinks he’s never gonna be good enough to take care of you alone, without Steve, and… You know what?” Bruce exclaimed seeing their expressions. “I’m shutting up now.”
“No.”
“I know
“Oh shit,” Alex exclaimed, remembering in that exact second the reason the X-Man had to save his life. “The fight!”
Everyone looked at him and Clint froze, pizza in his mouth and his hands, and eyes wide open in shock.
“You don’t need to run away from her, you know,” Alex grinned one day, cornering Peter. “Rey won’t say a word if you don’t make a move first.”
Bruce murmured under his breath something that sounded like “here’s the freak out”, but Tony didn’t even notice, still blabbering.
“No,” Natasha replied, moving a little her hands to show them she was calm and friendly. “Just to talk. Get to know each other.”
She shook her head and bit her lips. She had really thought she could have… But she couldn’t. She wasn’t prepared enough.
And so they all worked near each other, Bruce pretending not to care about the success of the serum, Rey pretending not to see his anxiety and her da-Tony, damn it,
“I don’t really think they want to talk,” Steve mumbled. He decided to step forward anyway, stretching his muscles as best as he could; the others imitated him soon after.
“Holy shit.”
Later, when the scientists retreated to the labs, the others Avengers found Alex and Rey in the gym; they were both dressed in the sports stuff that was always in the locker room, for when they had agents visiting and someone wanted to spar.
“So we have to figure out what to say,” Tony shrugged. “I don’t see what you’re all anxious about. Well just say they’re the new Avengers recruits.”
“I started killing long before I had their age.”
She made him think about all those soldiers he had lost in battle and, above all, those who had survived. They’d never been the same.
Alex put his hands on Mjolnir and grunted, lifting it more and more as every moment passed. When Rey helped him, putting her hands on it too, they managed to move it on the side and sit.
“We have to take Bruce away. We do
Even though he had taken Rey with him, almost forcing her to jump, she did it with the same nonchalance of her brother.
“Your father destroys at least one of those per day, so no problem,” Clint smirked and moved forward.
“Well, well, well.”
“I was… I was a jerk, yes,” Tony admitted, “but I was also really scared! You shocked me a little, okay?!”
“That’s what we’re saying,” Natasha exclaimed while Steve turned red and strengthened his grip on the glass of juice he was holding. Tony, without even thinking about it, took the glass and put it on the table.
The war
“I mean it. Bruce’s life won’t be the same, thanks to you. I don’t care if it’s not what you wanted, because you. Changed-
His eyes filled with tears and he coughed, before grasping the pillow as hard as he could, but Rey pretended not to notice and took his hand in hers. They stayed there for a while, just breathing and living, even if it hurt. Even when the memories got so bad they made him sob without control. Even when she climbed on the bed and hugged him - they didn’t know each other, but pain is pain, he needed a friend and she was pretty much her age, so he didn’t complain.
Refusing to acknowledge the little smile across his face, Alex got inside and let the door close behind him. He was so confused he barely felt like a human being, but by the time the elevator brought him to the others he was fine again - even though Pietro had ran there before him.
, he told himself, closing his eyes because sometimes talking is way easier if you don’t meet other people’s eyes. It would have also been easier if it had been dark, yeah, except that waiting hours to have this conversation was too much.
“You’re good,” Tony nodded.
, she’s covered in a black suit that came from nowhere. And then I know. Fucking nanotech.”
I’m so-
“Why don’t you two go to sleep, and finish your story tomorrow?” Steve smiled, patting Alex’s knees and winking at Rey.
Steve patted him on the back. “Breathe, Tony.”
, he prayed it.
“It does if you had a partner who really wanted kids, but couldn’t,” Steve exclaimed, entering the lab with a tired smile. Tony lowered his head.
“So… What do we do?” Steve asked.
“Then we could do it with the others, in the living room. You prefer working alone on the resources, but this is just a chat, isn’t it?”
“And now the Avengers Quinjet is here as well,” she continued, alternating the pose in front of the camera to the moments when she gave it her back, to watch the scene. It was scary, with fragments of buildings and cars being thrown around, even though the Avengers were doing their best to contain the “problem”.
“I can’t,” Alex muttered after a second.
“Stop it.”
She went straight to Alex and hugged him, refusing to meet Tony’s eyes; after a few seconds, she left her brother to hold onto Steve, who kissed her forehead.
“No,” she cried just as low.
“And now even looking at you hurts,” he confirmed. He felt the tears he had so desperately tried to hold fall and wet first his cheeks and then his shirt.
“And why aren’t they here now?” asked someone else.
“Actually… We would like to know a few things,” Alex requested. “Like… How is this world?”
“It’s impossible,” Darcy murmured at that moment.
And Peter, somehow, felt that breathing was a little bit easier.
I’m looking at my dad’s body!
The Avengers sat on the couches and picked a movie, just like tradition, and soon forgot about everything else but the protagonists and the crazy situations they were in.
“Yeah?” Tony answered quietly, because there are moments when even just being loud can destroy everything.
“Am I dead?”
Alex felt a knot forming in his stomach and grunted, feeling like a football player who gets tackled to the ground, only a thousand times faster.
Thor, who was eating his poptarts, relaxed as ever, glanced at them in confusion. “What?”
He smiled at Rey, who was partially hidden in Steve’s chest. “You’re amazing. Really.”
“You’re back,” Tony murmured appearing from the hall. “Good - I mean, well, you know…”
She smiled and simply shook her head.
Bruce nodded, fixing the table with the others’ help. “When something like that happens to you… You don’t stop grieving, not for years.”
“But we don’t know what happened for real. Not entirely… And I’m so curious I could die!” Tony exaggerated.
“Peter,” Rey replied with a big smile. Talking was every day simpler than the one before and she was finally starting to feel like the girl she once was - not the same, of course, because she had lived too much,
Rey smiled widely and hugged him tightly. “
Steve stilled. “It’s okay,” he said, eyes wide open like he had just been struck by one of Thor’s lightning. “If you don’t feel the same way, I mean. Of course, I mean. I me-
Steve smiled and took her hand, leading her to the elevator after winking at Tony.
Experiments. Interrogations. Maybe other portals, even.
“I know,” Alex smiled softly, “but we’re not underfed. We ate. Maybe not a lot, but still. It was just… We tried to give everyone food first.”
They drove for some time, no destination in mind, just to absorb the wind and the view of the sun beginning to set in New York, and only when Rey started shaking for the cold Steve stopped. He felt alive, like sharing that hour of wandering with his… His what, daughter? Adoptive daughter?, like sharing that hour with her had connected them, had made their relationship stronger.
“Professor X!” Steve interrupted his thoughts. The Avengers greeted the X-Men who had helped with the Supervillains, while Rey stood up and ran to hug his brother.
“I’d do it a thousand times,” he replied, hugging her and kissing her on the forehead.
The yell got lost in the ear-wrecking sound in which the all Tower was immersed. It had been that noise to alert the Avengers, who had ran into Tony’s lab with the weapons in the hands, ready to fight. Between various types of machinery there were Jane, Bruce and Tony himself, and it looked like they were shouting at each other; however, the noise was so loud that neither Steve nor Bucky, both with the enchanted hearing, could listen to them.
Had he wanted a kid?
She was in front of a man at least three times bigger than her, but there were Bucky and their fath-
“Pops?” Alex supplied. “Yeah.”
“Now what’s his problem?” he blurted at no one in particular.
An alarm went off, making all the Avengers jump into action.
“Well we could ask Professor X to show me your memories of me and- no, horrible idea.”
“It’s not the only thing I’m scared of, though,” Steve admitted. He turned slightly toward the man of his dreams, but he didn’t meet his eyes.
“I’m bisexual.”
What…
I'm not so sure about Alex, but I couldn't find the right actor. I think he'd be a mix between Dylan O'Brien, Alex Lightwood of Shadowhunters and Junior of Under the Dome.
“It took us so long to find those people, those survivors. At first we-we thought we were alone.”
, he thought, heart beating so fast it almost escaped his chest.
Tony, more used than him to the unwanted attention, smiled his best press-smile. “Aren’t you glad, kiddo? We’re together now! And sex is a part of the relationship!”
So they went back to the Tower, where Bucky, Jane and Darcy had stayed to control Alex and Rey. They found them on the couch, watching the news as their lives depended on it, and when they realized the Avengers were there - hair still wet from the showers - Alex and Rey jumped on their feet, looking at the group with a relieved expression.
“You smoke?” Peter asked without thinking about it, surprised that Steve’s kid could have such a vice.
” the room erupted in a yell, followed by laughter and, for someone, a lot of embarrassment.
“I get that you go wherever the other goes,” Tony murmured - Thor, feeling an intruder, didn’t say a word. “But you lost us. This is a second chance, right?”
“Yeah,” Tony agreed while taking a cup and the coffee, “calm down,
“Ultron’s gone,” Alex was repeating. When the concept finally got under his skin, he turned to talk to his sister… And found out she had built a little robotic eagle; it moved its wings and Rey smiled, delighted.
CHAPTER 12
“And The Hulk?”
The boy was cute too, Steve thought. It was like he was trying with everything he had to be positive and strong, but was just really, really tired.
Peter, for example, had lost the ability to do basically anything, because Rey had hugged him and she was still holding onto him, face hidden in his chest. He knew she could hear his heart.
“You two... Together?” the boy inquired while the girl stared at the floor.
“What happened?” Natasha insisted.
“No! No! Let me go!” he yelled and fought. “Rey!
They all spent a moment thinking about what that meant.
“You don’t know what I’m stressing over. Maybe I know things you don’t,” he replied, sounding stupid to his own ears.
“Oh,” was all she managed to say. She let herself fall on the couch and immediately hugged Bucky, feeling more vulnerable than ever. He kissed her cheek, holding her.
Stark and I’ll let you know that I actually have-”
A man in a wheelchair was waiting for him on the jet.
“She actually helped me a lot,” Bruce smiled and it was sincere, even though the disappointment was still strong and fresh on his face. “We created a serum that, when injected, will stop me from changing for things like a fast heartbeat - I’m still not sure what would happen with a mortal wound. It should last for no more than an hour each shot, because after that my cells return to normal… And I can’t take it every day, I’m afraid - but it’s a lot.”
Peter turned to look at the girl, so little in her father’s arms, and felt a wave of relief.
“Okay. Perfect. Then… Let’s talk about you, would you?”
“language!”
“It’s not! It’s not bullshit, you’re right, we are no one, for you - for any of you. You saved our lives, bringing us here,” Alex took a shaky breath, “and we owe you. The least we can do is disappear, so that you won’t have to see us again.”
A moment of silence followed and then… “Wait, what?!”
It was, of course, Tony’s house and he had all the rights to call it “home”… But the fact that Steve thought about it in the same way caused him to have chills all over his body. “Friday?” he called.
“And if you could just give me a chance, Alex, I… I could… Look, I can change. I can learn. Just, don’t run.”
In the labs, Jane and Bruce were having a silent conversation with only their eyebrows - Darcy, chewing something in a corner, found it extremely funny.
“It’s
… Or maybe yes?
“We’re not underfed.”
“Sure, Folk Story.”
Which is why he had taken the entire day for them alone, the day before; they had flown and dived in the ocean and then eaten donuts on the other side of the city, watching the sunset.
“W-t a- ho-?” he asked.
“Why no one is talking about it?” Alex expressed his sister’s doubt.
A stunned silence filled the room and it was just because of the lack of talking that the Avengers were capable of hearing a door slamming in the distance.
“So we can almost say that the Avengers adopted them?” another journalist asked.
“What’s up, buttercup?” he asked instead, perching across the table and nudging Steve’s chin with his fingers.
Steve was feeling selfish today. Sometimes it felt like Tony belonged to the whole world. He was generous that way, offering up his time, his money, his efforts and himself to everyone who needed him. Sometimes, Steve wondered if there’d be any Tony left for him. And he felt selfish to ask Tony for another piece of his time and himself. He looked at their intertwined hands and tried to remember the need to be less clingy, when Tony squeezed his hand and Steve looked up at him.
“Yeah, you keep saying that. You forget that I have an access VIP pass into your head. I have been watching your memories ever since…” Tony pointed vaguely to his wrist.
There was a kiss and some tender lovemaking. Which became frantic and messy when control, like Time, and Space, became a fractious thing.
“I saw Steve’s wrist today,” Pepper sighed, “I mean, I paid attention to it. Tony, his wrist was bare. He has no mark.”
“Tony!” Steve whispered, delighted by the magic he had just seen performed.
That was when the punch across his jaw toppled the chair and he hit his head on the concrete floor with a sickening crunch.
She smiled. “I saw the man put a tracker into the truck. I thought if I could get into the car with them, I’d be able to get the locator beacon and we could track it.”
“I have need of your services, Jarvis.”
“Care to share?” she smiled.
“Not exactly.”
Steve let out a breath he didn’t know he had been holding. Tony was half-way in through the hatch, smiling at him, “Fixed it,” he said into his comm. “Lift now.” The ship lurched upwards and Tony paused to steady himself. Just then, a huge explosion in the schloss below sent a concussive blast rippling across the body of the zepplin and the Iron Man shuddered. Tony’s grip faltered.
“You like tinkering, don’t you?” Steve said.
And the day had begun so well. His shipments had sneaked through into the city with only the last truck lost. That was practically a perfect run. Of course he’d have to come up with a new route now that the government goons had figured this one out. But Tony Stark was smart that way. He could think on his feet. Pity he couldn’t think himself out of a bag.
“Hmm,” Pep hummed, “I like Natasha. We talk.”
Steve nodded. The moment felt light and heavy, at the same time. Steve wondered if Tony would try to make up a name for it.
Tony moved stiffly to the other side of the table and sat down slowly, deliberately. He did not want to look weak, but boy had that jog done a number on his bruised body. What had he been thinking? He glared at the cuff. He hadn’t been thinking. Stupid half-formed soulbond. He glared at Steve. Stupid soulmate.
Banner frowned at the mention of magic. This was not his field. But he agreed with the specialist on one fact at least. “You are right about the overdose of the sedative, doctor. It had been injected directly into the bloodstream instead of subcutaneous which would have been more appropriate. So it was indeed fortunate that the worst of its effects were absorbed by Rogers instead,” said Banner.
He pulled his hand back and smiled again. A sad soft thing.
Jarvis was thinking about Tony’s proposal. It wouldn’t do rush him. Tony sipped from his own cup and looked at the painting over the mantle piece. An angel with a sword pointed at the head of a vanquished demon. Dressed in blue armour and swirling red cape, rust blonde hair lifted gently by the wind. Reni had made the figure glow. Tony’s breath hitched at the sadness in the angel’s expression. He marveled at the kindness in the face even as the blade was poised for the fatal blow.
“Steve?”
Something inside him was yelling at him. But Tony was numb with shock.
“All right whatever stupid plan you have to ruin your life in some new flamboyant and batshit crazy way, lead on. We will follow, support and love you through it all,” Pepper said.
Holding the torch between his teeth, Steve got down on his knees and hot wired the bike. The bike roared alive and Steve threw himself on it and headed down slope. In the still of the mountain night, the bike had been louder than he had anticipated. He hoped there was no one around, in any condition to be suspicious or give chase.
In the dark, he couldn’t see if the words on his wrist were still there.
“Yes. But only if it can be done quietly. Gotta keep an eye on the runner too,” Tony said his eyelids already dropping closed.
Steve shuffled along blindly for a while. The glow in the sky had subsided. He knew then it had been the fire, not dawn, so he hadn’t been out of it too long. There was no sign of SS Iron Man in the sky. But then, there wouldn’t be. Tony had designed the dirigible to be nearly invisible in the night sky. And the plan had been to be far away from the mountains and back on land well before first light. Iron Man was a weapon only as long as nobody knew of its existence. He knew Bucky and Nat would stick to the plan. He wondered if Tony would. Steve hoped he wouldn’t do anything stupid like turn the ship around on an ill-thought out rescue mission. He wondered if Tony was alright. He closed his eyes and probed through the soul bond. But he could sense nothing. He wondered if that meant Tony was too far away. Or if he was still unconscious.
But Tony Stark did not speak. Not to Nat. Not to Bucky and not to Clint. Not after the next beating. Nor the next one. Steve watched for a while but he did not speak to the man again. Tony did not curse or scream or even grunt. Steve felt weak and powerless and by the third day he had given up. When Bucky came with word that the Stark organization was offering rewards and hunting for news of their boss, Steve knew that time had run out. When Nat suggested injecting a psychotropic drug Steve had a private panic attack. He hid it well but in his mind he was back in the prison begging Dr Erskine, yes that had been the old man’s name.
He opened his eyes and looked at Steve, unblinking.
“That would have worked better if you hadn’t just faced down the female ninja out there,” Pepper said.
It was time he had a plan.
So why was his stomach in the same general area as his feet?
“They may not be completely wrong.” Pepper sighed pushing her hair back and sitting down next to Tony. Last night some men dressed in Hydra militia gear drove into the precinct in a truck identical to the one we used and pulled a switcheroo. Happy is trailing the truck and will report when it gets where its going.”
“She won’t say.”
And then it began. The punching, the kicking, the slapping. The beatdown. It came at almost the exact same time as the burn on his wrist, where hidden under his leather cuff Tony’s soulmate’s first words to him burned to ink black and seeped into the blood in his vein. Tony’s mind came alive with pain as memories of another lifetime poured into him in flashes like lightning and all the while his body was being pummeled by the men around him. He couldn’t breathe. His arm burned. He made the effort to keep his head steady through a ringing slap and tried to look at his soulmate.
“Nothing now. What’s up with you?”
He fainted again.
“It’s open ya mook. What’ya doing?” came a voice.
The snowbike was very much like a motorbike, except for the wide ski board in place of regular wheels. It was also fueled and ready, so Steve tied his extra fuel can to the back along with the rest of his supplies and began hotwiring the vehicle. There was a sudden howling wind and a large chunk of snow fell from somewhere above him and tumbled into the ravine. Steve froze and rethought his plan.
“Yes, I think it can be done. It will take no more than a day. But you must act quickly. The longer the rumour is out there, the more time Hydra will have to corroborate it,” Jarvis said.
Tony had ice cream on his nose and a sparkle in his eyes and blew a raspberry with his pink wet lips.
Tony nodded. “We’ve met the Russian. They call her Gnat,” said Tony. “No doubt because she is tiny and yet thoroughly irritating.”
The desolation that Tony felt at that moment certainly startled him enough to do the promised face plop.
But the snow burned his skin with its freezing fire and his mind had sent him back in time, to when he was a young boy and buried in a similar grave. That time, when he had dug himself out, he had left all his humanity behind. All his memories. His soul mark.
Steve had watched and listened to Tony talk without words. Tony would march into the room like he was ready for battle. At first Steve thought it was PTSD, but that wasn’t what it felt like. Tony looked like he had put on anger like an armour—assembled it around him in cold methodical precision. It felt practiced, and Steve should know about practiced emotions—after all he was a master on the subject.
“It’s alright. I understand. Looks like you have a visitor,” said Steve.
Steve reached out to comfort his boyfriend. I am coming, my love. It will be alright, he tried to send. As suddenly as it had started, the pain disappeared. There was silence again.
“I think we are both looking for the same thing. What is in my truck, how is it getting there and who is it going to? Perhaps you can help with two out of three questions. Though I must say you have been operating on the fallacy that the answer to Question No 2 is Tony Stark. Given a 33% failure rate I’m not even sure if we can trust your handle on the other answers.”
“Why? What’s in the truck?”
It took him a few moments to get his bearing. He had fallen through a narrow gap in the trees into a snowdrift and was now lying a foot deep in snow. Carefully raising his head over the edge of the snow, he waited for his eyes to adjust to the dark. There were trees all around, and a ridge to his right. From beyond the trees on his left the sky glowed a dull orange. He could not tell if it was dawn in the east, or the remains of the burning castle.
“Bad. The truck spotted the tail and tried to shoot Happy down. Good. He’s ok because someone was following him and returned fire. Bad, the chick caught a bullet. Good, Happy managed to get a tracker on the truck before it fled. It is live right now and we have a bleeder in the hospice wing, which I’m sorry to say is ending on a low note. I forgot that one.”
“Happy was attacked?”
Tony brought the cup of tea to his lips and took a dainty sip. He sighed with contentment.
Steve pulled out the map from his inner pocket, and the compass Tony had made for him. Out of habit, he closed his eyes and tried to reach out to Tony though his soulbond. Silence. Steve shivered harder. His breathing was erratic and his heartbeat was out of control. Tony was alright. He was unconscious, he told himself. It was better that way. Otherwise he would do something foolhardy like come back to this wretched place. Tony was not dead or dying. That was not possible. How can someone so alive, die? Yes, Tony was probably unconscious. Still.
He took off the cuff and looked at the black inked cursive writing again, neat and sure and oh so promising—
Tony said nothing. Steve closed his eyes. Tony watched the glint at the the corner of his eyes, trapped between long lashes, catching the light and refracting into colours.
Tony noted the name with a nod.
“Hmm. You know Nat. She’ll be back in her own time.”
He was face down in the snow but by balancing on his elbow, had left enough breathing room to hold the position for a while. Tactically it was a sound decision. He was injured, and had no weapons. He was in no position to take on two armed men and a dog. He had dropped from the sky, so the dog had not scented him yet, and with all this snow on top of him, there was a good chance, the guards would move on without knowing he was there. Intellectually he knew all that.
“Come with me.”
Steve woke up with a jerk. There was someone in his head. The damned itch was back. His heart was racing and he wanted to throw up. He wanted to punch something. He wanted to sleep and never wake up. He wanted to laugh. He wanted to cry. He was going mad. He breathed deeply until the panic settled back and examined the dream he’d had. He’d seen his mother’s face. He remembered what she looked like. And she had been dead. Laid out and waiting for the pall bearers. He had found and lost her again in the same moment. Steve decided that this was the universe judging him for his bad choices. He had wronged a good man.
Tony hummed and then smiled shyly, looking at Steve with lowered lids. He was going for the coquettish look, it worked. “So you won’t get lost,” he said.
Jarvis put down his cup and listened attentively as Tony outlined his concerns and his request.
And then Steve froze. The monitor showing the interrogation room was cracked but the picture was still visible. A man was standing over a body on the ground with a gun in his hand. There was no mistaking the form on the floor.
“I have good news and good news and a little bad news, and some really bad news.”
“Really, a most curious case, doctor,” said Banner.
There was still a lot of activity around the severely damaged Hydra schloss. Steve couldn’t help marvel at the destruction a few well aimed charges had done to the entire edifice. Then, he was glad that it was him and not Tony, who was standing here admiring the Avengers’ handiwork. Tony would not have liked to see the human cost, in blood and death and mutilated limbs. The dead militia men were laid out on the snow and the badly injured were being assisted by the less badly injured. Steve limped to one of the dead men lying farthest from the still smouldering courtyard. In the dark, he managed to get enough of the man’s gear off that he could pass for a militia man himself.
. Tony gulped around the lump in his throat.
” what if the words changed? Did they change? Could they change? What if whatever he said that The Cap heard would become his new words? He knew too little about the whole soulmate bullcrap to take a risk for some misdirection that might get him free now, but might tie him to this man for the rest of his lifetime.
She was all about the dramatic exit.
“When I was a kid, I used to draw. I think that made me happy.”
“Wha…” It was rare for Tony to be struck speechless but the floor littered with crumpled paper had done just that. Steve let out another frustrated groan as he crumpled another sheet of paper and added to the mess. Steve, the stoic soldier, the man who recovered smiling from bullet holes in the chest, was about to cry at the mess of his desk.
The city library was a big, dull, dead sort of place. No one knew it existed. Of course people could see it was there. But so were a lot of tombs. Bombed by the militias in the last war, it still stood with a hole in the dome and a crater in the floor. But the books were still there and so was the librarian. They had just moved underground.
Tony gathered the weeping mess that was Steve to his chest and whispered into his hair, “What do you need?”
“Who told you that?” Steve was looking at him with a smile that was all kinds of illegal, “I think it’s the best look on you."
Tony was smart. He could play the long game. And he was not going to bet without knowing exactly who held what cards. So he said nothing and took his medicine. By the end he felt their heart was not in it. Something about beating on a man who can’t fight back and won’t even give his captors the satisfaction of crying out in pain makes people feel like toads. Bullies like hearing the screams, don’t they? So he didn’t scream even when he thought he heard his rib crack. They heard it too. Tony thought they had begun to respect him then. The last few hours before they bundled him into the car he had heard them arguing outside his door. Neither of them wanted to watch him spitting up blood in answer to their questions. That was a pity. Their questions had begun revealing a lot about them.
“They made their choice when they signed up with Hydra,” said Nat.
The door opened again and Tony’s soulmate stepped in. He picked up the stool and placed it in front of the chair. Too close. Tony straightened up some more. The man sat down and Tony was relieved to see that at least he was not glowing any more. But he was still beautiful. Stop that. Tony glared at the man.
“We are not the only ones watching. Someone else has been watching since we let Tony Stark go.”
Then Tony read about all the sudden deaths. The heart failures that coincided with the death of a soulmate and he felt cold inside. Perhaps some threads should stay un-yanked.
“There is something I need to warn you about. Our intel is that Hydra is planning to make a move against Shield. This will mean war. So, take care ok? And let me know if you ever need me… us… we can help… we’ll be glad to..” Steve extended his hand. Tony looked down at it and saw the curling words on his wrist, teasing him…
“Since you have come all this way, perhaps you can tell us what you expect from us?” Rhodes asked.
“You sap,” Tony giggled. And Steve held the burnished brass medallion in his fist and thought about how that colour was just another shade of Tony’s eyes.
“Last night?”
“You first,” said Pepper nodding to the list in front of him.
The Gnat looked from the mace in Pepper’s hand to the door that was now firmly closed and gingerly replaced the jacket.
“You should have more faith in us kids, Obie. After all we built this empire, didn’t we?” Tony was trying to smirk but suddenly his words choked out and he couldn’t breathe. His body felt paralyzed and his legs began to give way. As fell to the floor, he heard Stane’s voice, speaking in the same jovial tone as if he hadn’t just hit Tony with the sonic tazer.
Tony scowled at her. “Keep her under guard. And call Rhodey. I have to tell you guys something.”
“We made a mistake didn’t we?”
“What kept you…?”
“I know you don’t consider me a friend, or anything. But know that I owe you. You’ve given me hope. I may not be whole, but perhaps I can know some peace.” He smiled again.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I had a breakthrough last night,” Tony said, stealing the top pancake from Steve’s plate and stuffing his face.
Tony laughed. “I had this whole book of quotations that I thought would be cool things to have on one’s wrist. I mean, I wanted to say something sublime and meaningful to my soulmate,” Tony laughed.
“Ready, ready.”
Jarvis told him some of the latest gossip about Hammer's work with Shield.
Pepper raised her eyebrows. Her expression settled into something stony.
And so it is done. All my words are read. Thank you for soldiering through, and thanks for leaving kudos and comments. I greatly appreciate the ego massage--best way to get rid of that kink in the creative process called self-doubt.
A soulmate. Not everyone got one. He knew that. And even those who had one did not always find them. But it was a good story and it had made him feel special. Most people wore cuffs—to cover their marks or the absence of one. Precious few people knew of his marks—his parents did, but they were gone now. His best friends and business partners, Pepper, Rhodey and Happy knew. He had told Jarvis a long time ago.
“Are we now? We’ll see about that.” She turned on her heel and left the room.
“He looked better. Arm is in a sling, walks a little stiff. But getting prettier each time I look. You guys really went for the face didn’t you?” This last she said to Bucky and Clint. They didn’t say anything.
Tony tried to put on a smile, but his mind was still reeling with Steve’s goodbye and his own rather stupefied behaviour.
. The paralysis had left his body stiff and aching. Or was it the drug that Obie had injecting into his neck like a crazy person. Who did that? Who did that to their own nephew?
“And how did he take that threat?” Steve asked.
Pepper knew his ‘don’t argue with me’ voice. He didn’t often employ it, but when he did there was no response necessary. She marched out. She was back in 15 minutes, Rhodey in tow.
He looked down. His hands were no longer tied behind him but to the arm rests. He flexed his fingers and saw that his cuff was still in place. And that brought back another flood of emotions. This time, thankfully it was all his own.
He tried to dry run his plan in his head. Step one had been to get the new route in place. Step 1 B had been to get the new secret route in place. The one that was known only to Tony, Pep and Rhodey. Tony had made a big show of succumbing to Stane’s pressure and reopening the smuggling lines. The first few shipments had begun slipping through under the secret watchful gaze of their new friends.
“You made it for me?”
“Copy.”
The door opened behind him and Steve turned. He tried not to look disappointed when he saw his hosts. Steve recognized them as Stark’s lieutenants—Pepper Potts and James Rhodes. Silence beat around them for a few minutes before Steve remembered that he would have to be the one to set the ball rolling. Introductions, yes that was what normal people did when they met for the first time.
Not good. He packed some snow into his sock to bring down the swelling and began to think. He needed to get off the mountain but he had no supplies. He was dressed warm thanks to his part in the mission, but he had no food or water. Well, water was not too much of a problem, he decided looking at the unending pristine snow drifts as far as the eye could see. But he was injured and even the suit Tony had designed with fancy exothermic lining was not going to keep him warm forever in this bitter cold.
But the itch would not go away. Now that he thought about it, the itch was not in his wrist at all. It was under every inch of his skin—on his scalp, on his face, on his chest, under his fingertips. God he needed a bath. It was this cellar. It was old and musty. He suddenly remembered that he used to have allergies as a child. What if this place had triggered some latent allergies. He did not get ill any more, not after his rebirth in that cave. But who knows, perhaps it had settled on his skin. Yes, a shower would do the trick. That is what it was. That was all this was. He needed to get away from this cellar, the cold and Tony Stark with his bleeding face and furious eyes who made him feel small and scared. Like the lonely little lost boy buried in the snow, in a hole in the ground, that he thought he had left behind.
The Hydra fort had four major weak points. Their water supply was an underground cave system that ran under the schloss and Tony calculated two well placed strikes would cause enough structural damage to cause the system to collapse taking most of the fort with it. The ammunition store was right in one of the turrets which had a convenient window right on top. Two of the guard towers would fall directly into the ravine on the other side of the mountain, if hit from a certain angle.
“Guns for Hydra militia.” Gnat drawled with a smile that said she saw what he was doing and she could do one better.
Pepper frowned, “I said nothing about really really good.”
“Tell me about it,” Steve said as he reached for his knife and fork. He did not have a sweet tooth and didn’t fancy syrup. Cloying sweetness, he felt, always drowned out the other flavours and his senses basked in the hints of vanilla and cinnamon that he could detect in the fluffy perfectly browned circles in front of him.
“Here, I made you something,” Tony said as he threw a something to Steve. Steve caught it and looked at it. It was a medallion, smaller than his palm, bigger than a coin. Burnished brass with a plain face and a little button on the top. Steve pressed it and the lid opened to show a beautiful compass face.
Nat hummed again. “I hope that is the only thing we made.”
“You think it is his men? Why would they? Don’t they know who they are selling to?” Steve asked.
That gave them as much time as they could possibly need.
There had only been seven thousand odd total cases in all of recorded history. And of those, the ones who had been scientifically proved was a pitiful number—just a few hundred.
Steve didn’t ask.
Maybe he could just close his eyes and rest for a while. Maybe it was alright to sleep. Tony would not grudge him a little rest, would he? A small delay. It was so cold, but he could sleep. Just for a while.
“And he only found out when we asked him about it. And now he is trying to get answers too.”
“She said something about a plan… I’m not sure what your goals are here…,” Steve finished. He sounded lame, he knew that. Perhaps it had been a mistake to come alone. He didn't usually get so tongue-tied.
“What do you want from me?” he croaked.
“Conjugal rights will be denied till medical attention has been…”
Shield and police had been tipped off. Hopefully there were a few good guys in there to make sure that the plot would come to light. And please please please let there be nothing to tie him to the whole debacle. Steve would have been there, on the spot. Would he come to tell him how the whole thing had gone? Tony slipped off the cuff and rubbed his mark. It had become a habit now. Now that he knew Steve had lost his soulmark… He wondered what the trauma had been that had finally rubbed the mark off. He had kept the mark through all the torture he had experienced in his childhood. So had Tony’s rejection been the final blow? And why did that thought hurt so much?
“I don’t know what to say Steve,” Bucky was honest that way. Steve smiled, “Don’t worry. I’ll be fine. Clint left ok?”
“So you can talk. I was starting to wonder if we had broken your jaw,” she smiled.
He reached out to Tony over the soulbond and felt the fresh throbbing pain. Tony had a slight headache and an ache in his wrist. Steve could not sense any real physical pain. But Tony was screaming.
. Or hold out a hand to him and say the words quietly, shyly before the first soft kiss.
. Did they not know that Hydra militia was responsible for his parents’ death. Did the whole world not know this? How could they even ask? And yet they were not stupid. Gnat had let nothing important slip the first time she questioned him. And then she had told him a story. It was very colourful. With detailed descriptions and illustrated with helpful diagrams that she had kindly brought with her. The theme was the same old, “here is where I will cut you, this is how slow it will go, this is how much it will hurt, if you don’t tell me what I want to know.” He’d been too dehydrated at the time, or he would have peed his pants. The way that woman had smiled. He shivered. He still didn't know what had kept her from fulfilling her promise to him.
“Unloaded yet?”
Tony’s head was aching and he knew he was not thinking straight. His vision was blurry and the world was swimming around him. He felt like throwing up. And Obie would not stop monologuing.
Steve got rid of his disguise by mid morning. And even though he had been using up the contents of the bag (he was down to a single bar of dried food and the water bottle was long gone, most of the rope was spent and the mostly empty first aid kit was lying in the bushes a few kilometres ago) with the strange physics of hiking bags, the thing had only gotten heavier. He no longer looked like a militia man, just an out-of-place, disheveled, injured and dangerous-looking stranger wandering in the foothills of a known Hydra militia station. He, in fact, looked like a militia man in disguise.
“I had an accident and I invented something. There should be a word for it... accivention?” said Tony.
But it was his brain that kept his little smuggling operation alive, and the fact that he made friends easily. Or allies, if you wanted to nitpick. And the fact that he always made sure they owed him. The trick, as his father used to say, was to make them owe enough to be grateful but not so much that they became resentful. He wondered if he had slipped up and someone did begin to resent… who were these people? How did they know where to find him? Had he been betrayed? It was pointless to worry, he would soon find out and then he could worry. He concentrated on the last schematic he had been working on before he had stepped out for breakfast. Before the alley. Before the arm around his neck and the bag on his head. He was at the cusp of a breakthrough in the design for a new power coil for his engine, when the sounds of the door opening and footsteps reached him.
“Minimum of thirteen militiamen that I saw,” said Nat.
He made a face and continued, “Device is in place. She had a rummage around and got a list of the inventory,” he paused to pull out a sheet of paper from his pocket and handed it to Steve. “She’d got that far when that Rumlow chap showed up. Then she hid in the rafters waiting for things to settle down enough to get away. Steve, shit is worse than we thought.”
Luckily for Steve the man was none too steady with his hand. His aim was all over the place and Steve was moving quick. Steve grunted as he slid across the floor towards the shooter who had panicked and was now out of bullets. He kicked the man in the knee and when he fell grabbed his gun and butted him hard over the skull. There was a satisfying crunch as the man collapsed on the floor. There were sounds of voices shouting somewhere in the building. Steve pressed a finger to his ear and began scanning the feeds for any signs of his team.
They had been conscious for a while now. They had both been fussed over by their own set of friends. Pepper and Rhodey making a nuisance of themselves at Tony’s bedside. Bucky and Nat glaring at nurses and being stoic at Steve’s side. Then Dr Strange and Dr Banner had joined the party and none of the hospital staff found themselves capable of throwing anybody out of the recovery room.
Tony could wait for the mole to choose the truck, or he could make one truck an irresistible target. Option A would have meant endless waiting and the team being spread too thin. Option B, was like hunting with bait. Steve had suggested and fine-tuned that plan.
Steve realized with a start that Tony’s eyes were not just brown that turned gold in sunlight. They glowed with hints of amber. And Steve? He felt like a prehistoric insect captured and encased for all eternity. And Steve realized it was alright to be a little selfish and ask for a little bit of Tony that he could envelop himself in.
“No. No more,” he said louder than he had intended. “This is not going to work. We won’t break him this way. We’ll have to think of something else. Nat what’s the exit strategy?”
“Yes, yes. I know. I have been ignoring you. Don’t tell me, I made a big mistake didn’t I?” Obie laughed as he reached an arm out and put it around Tony’s shoulder, rather too close around his neck. Tony gave him a weak smile.
“The others are all out hunting for you. Let me go make a quick call,” Pepper said as she left the room.
Then his eyes went up to Steve’s face. White. And then dropped to his shirt. Red. Red. Red.
Steve was not satisfied until he had washed out Tony’s eyes. Then Steve sat Tony down, peering at him as if he had any idea what he was doing. Red rimmed and watering, Tony’s eyes were still beautiful. He was still laughing. And Steve learned that there is a shade of brown that is the colour of laughter and delight. It is dark and rich like well-tempered chocolate that shines like it’s solid and yet melts on the tongue.
Steve’s heart sped up like it should have when he was suspended thousands of metres above ground with only a few hundred feet of harness rope acting like a lifeline to the Iron Man. But his heartbeat had been steady then. Now as he screamed, “What are you doing? Tony? Tony!” Steve could put a hummingbird to shame.
But there was never a case of someone knowing their soulmate, hearing their own words, and not speaking the words that completed the bond. The deaf boy had lipread the words, and signed back. Voila bond complete irrespective of said soulmate’s lack of ASL fluency. That was some solid bull crap. Dr Strange had put three questionmarks next to that anecdote. Tony put three more.
“And he replied?”
Steve got it right that night. Because, you see, brown has a bit of gold and red. That is a secret very few people know.
She raised a shapely eyebrow at him, “Why not, after all I only took a bullet for you. Not like you owe me anything.”
“Watch who you call a henchman,” Pepper griped back. “Seriously. What is your plan?”
“So when that woman was surprised that you could talk it was because you literally said nothing for three days,” Pepper sounded equal parts impressed and aghast. There should be a word for that.
“She’s all right. She’s ok.”
“What gave it away?” Tony smiled waving a hand at the bandage around his head and the arm in a sling.
“Hello,” he parroted one of Bucky’s old lessons. “My name is Steve Rogers. I am the Captain of the Howling Commandos.”
“Abduction?” Steve asked
He sighed into the gag still tight around his mouth. As he lost consciousness his last thought was,
Bucky and Nat nodded and in seconds, Nat was climbing up the wall to effect a roof top entry. A slim line uncoiled and Steve went up next. By the time Bucky got to the roof, Steve was already in the basement and had taken down two militiamen. They didn’t know what hit them. They were guarding the communication room when Steve saw them and before they could reach for the guns in their holsters, he had thrown a couple of knives at the them. In two silent leaps he reached the bodies and caught them before they could thud on to the floor. He listened at the door. There was a muffled conversation and laughter inside the room—two men. Steve knocked on the door.
His eyes were drawn back to the painting.
He stopped and frowned at Tony, tied up in the chair, all sweaty and small and weak and pathetic… stop it.
“You look happy.”
“May day. Steve’s been shot. Basement.”
Tony looked around at the room. It must have been luxurious once. The room, though it wasn’t over large, would have fit well in a post-Renaissance palace. The gilded art, the ornate furniture, the decor, the air of genteel decay, even the fine china he held delicately between his fingers were all remnants of an age of rich comfort. It was old now, a little frayed around the edges, but clean and well looked after. The room was loved. And Tony always felt a sense of calm sitting here, sipping tea, and listening to Jarvis talk of some obscure but interesting piece of art or history.
“Have to fix a break in the girder. Back in a mo,” Tony’s voice was cheerful and carefree, like he wasn’t climbing out of the rear engine gondola with a wrench in one hand. He disappeared out of view and Steve began running to the open hatch. The harness ropes tightened around him and he looked down to see the enormous tangle of wire and ropes. It would take too long to disentangle himself from this mess. He began to disengage the clasps of the harness instead and impatiently stepped out of the belts around his waist and thighs. He still had the tangle of ropes in a loose grip when Tony reappeared.
Tony said nothing. He simply took off his cuff and showed it to them. They saw the inky black
“Let us be grateful that whatever role luck played in their lives, it did work out for them and they are both alive. Life has not been easy for either of them. Perhaps they were due some good luck,” said Jarvis.
This can’t be happening. This can’t be happening. This can’t be happening.
But it would be over soon. One way or another, the meetings would come to an end. And he would no longer get to watch Tony glare.
Jarvis cleared his throat, “If I may be so bold as to inquire… your interview with Dr Strange. It was satisfactory? Did you find what you were looking for?”
Tony disappeared again but this time Steve jumped after him.
“Distraught,” Pepper said, “That is what he was feeling. We were worried that his emotions would incapacitate you and you needed all the help you could get.”
“I’m right here Tony.”
“You taking lessons from the little Russian assassin, Pep? I didn’t hear you come. You could’ve startled me into jumping right off and doing a face plop on that truck down there,” Tony said.
And the man was strange. He was a study in contrasts. Someone who looked inhumanly strong and confident, and yet so lost and sad. Someone who looked older than his years and yet young and soft. Beautiful and broken.
“Who is she?”
Jarvis kept his eyes carefully away from the cuff on Tony’s wrist and Tony was grateful.
“The captain,” Tony sighed with his eyes closed, “And stop wagging your eyebrows at each other. I can sense it. It is all very disrespectful to your Boss and Keeper.”
Dr Strange and Dr Banner sat down to exchange notes over a cup of tea in Jarvis’ secret chamber. Jarvis hummed over his own cup.
“Iron Man,” Steve said to the gate guard. The man looked him over and led him through the maze of the compound and left him in a windowless room with a few chairs and a single table. Steve opted to remain standing. There was nothing to look at in the room so he stared into the tiny camera and tried not to look intimidating. He wondered if that would work. Perhaps he should smile? He did not think that would work. Perhaps he should practice these strange expressions before he tried it on the unsuspecting public.
. Then he had grown up and looked around at the world and seen all its hard edges and realized there was no place for softness in it. There was one time he had dreamt of a soulmate who said the words while getting ready to drive a truck through a checkpoint. In his dream they had held hands and died in a hail of bullets.
Open sesame, huh?
“Hydra is moving.”
Steve chanted the words in his mind. Even if the words disappeared from his skin again as he shivered so much he vibrated, he willed his mind to remember them. To remember Tony. The warmth of his touch and his smile. The warmth in his brown eyes. Brown like warm honey.
“Look at that,” said Steve, pretending to be amazed, “It works!”
“Thanks Jarvis. You know there are only a few aches and pains… I am almost completely recovered. That Dr Banner is quite the genius you know. Where did you find the man?” Tony asked.
Face down on the floor turned to be close enough to the recovery position for some of the dizziness to retreat. He noticed Obie’s shining boots near his face. His eyes tracked up the length of the body to look at Obie.
“Truck watch. She’ll be back in a bit. Bucky has just gone to relieve her.”
“Yeah he took that Stark device. I just hope it don’t blow up in his pant pocket.”
“I don’t think they are nightmares. Or dreams. I think they are memories. Some of them make no sense, but they all feel so familiar. Bucky, I remember what Ma smelled like. I think it’s called jasmine. I remembered a song she used to sing. I remembered what my bed felt like and colour of her eyes. My god, Bucky I remembered what it felt like to be loved,” Steve let his head drop back to thump against the wall. “These last couple of months I feel like something has reached inside me and started something. It’s like I hadn’t lost my memories but only bricked it all up. I am standing on this side of a dam, Buck. Now there is a crack and I can hear the weight of water beating against the dam. I am afraid when it breaks….”
“No guns?”
As so often happened these days, Tony found himself pondering the problem called Steve. If he was not thinking about him, he was dreaming about the man. Sifting through a weird mish-mash of memories. Tony found he could skip the screaming ones and dwell in the rare pleasant ones. It gave him a strange sort of connection to his soulmate.
He didn’t know how long it took, he closed his mind to the pain and the fatigue that was threatening to pull him under, and like a man in a trance, he kept mechanically putting one foot before the other, gripping the snowbike like it was his lifeline back to Tony.
He kept repeating the words like a lunatic. The pain in his chest growing strong and unbearable. The world went dizzy again and then he collapsed on top of Steve, just as the door burst open. Again.
“Gnat is about to tell us.”
“What female ninja?” Rhodey asked.
“Ou..out..of..st…stock.”
“Look at me,” she said gently, reaching up to hold his face in her palms. “He is alright. We had to sedate him to make sure you had a chance. He was going berserk with fear and worry…”
“And you can neither keep me, nor keep up with me so shut up,” said Pepper and added, “I don’t want to bring this up right now, but Stane wants to know when we can give him the new route. Shall I bring him into the loop on this mole thing?”
“He opened his mouth all right. Wash your face will you? Look like a creep from a horror show,” Clint said as he turned around and went away.
She looked at him curiously, “It’s a graze. Not too deep. Needed stitches. She’ll survive. She’ll keep the scar. Refused painkillers. That woman is hard. What’s the matter Tony? Are you going soft on her?”
“No guns. Precinct chief had first pick then the rest was shared between them like some sort of rank-based system. One poor rookie walked away with a can of beans.”
“We have any ideas on the numbers?” asked Steve
“Highly likely.”
“Five,” said Nat and they all heard the boom of a grenade going off in the top floor. Steve smiled and did a quick count across all the monitors still active.
Jarvis told him.
“But I saw the unrealized words… I read your soulmark.. in the cellar.. when I.. when you..” Tony was confused.
Tony closed his eyes.
“Let’s never do this again,” Tony smiled weakly.
Steve and Tony were sitting at the kitchen table late one night. Tony was tinkering with a gadget, a little frown and a small smile on his face. He was humming something under his breath. Steve was captivated by the complete contentment on his face, the book in his own hand, went unregarded.
Steve had been watching Tony work with some chemicals in his lab. It was one of his favourite things to do. Watching Tony be clever. And curious. The way this eyes widened when he had an idea and narrowed when he worked it all out, the way they lost focus when he was calculating in his head and the way they sharpened when he was putting all the component parts together. Steve could watch Tony endlessly. The man’s mind must be a magical place—as brilliant as his eyes.
“I can feel you exchanging glances like I were some lost puppy or something equally pathetic. Stop it. Where are we on the menace within? Who is undermining us?” Tony asked.
He had been watching the Captain, Rogers… Steve… on the monitor. The man was staring into Tony’s soul right through the camera and Tony was finding it difficult to breathe. Something heavy began pooling in his gut and filling him up with an uncomfortable, alien feeling. He couldn’t breathe quite right.
“I am sorry,” Steve said looking straight at Tony. “I did you wrong. I made a bad call, and a bad decision based off bad intel. But more than that it was bad form.” His eyes dropped to Tony’s bandages and something about his expression felt like he was trying to do penance. Like he was counting and cataloging the injuries to think about and punish himself at leisure. The fucking masochist.
Steve’s wrist was itching again. He needed to do something. His mind was buzzing with all the things he perhaps shouldn’t have said to Stark. He had opened up in a moment of weakness, when he felt he would never see the man again. Now, he just felt embarrassed.
“It’s getting too spread out,” Tony sighed.
Dr Strange had been so dismissive that he had handed Tony three books and told him they contained all the lies and truths ever told about the subject, adding that if he could tell one from the other, good on him. Two of those had been written by Dr Strange himself. Tony could understand the man going into magic. Somehow it felt more real.
Tony had registered the distant explosion only as a shaking in the ground that rumbled through him. He hadn’t noticed Obie spin around to face the door, his gun at the ready, making his way carefully towards the only exit.
, he thought.
Steve held her one armed and groaned, “How is he?”
Steve looked from Bucky to Clint. They both looked afraid. Nat disappeared all the time, they were used to it.
The plan was simplicity itself. The Schloss was well-guarded from the ground, but Tony’s zepplin was a secret no one knew about. SS Iron Man was a brilliant piece of engineering and steam-powered tech. If Steve hadn’t already been thoroughly besotted with Tony, he would have fallen in love with the man behind the Iron Man, all over again.
POST SCRIPT
“Steve, Steve,” Pepper’s voice brought him back and he looked at her with his broken eyes, his tears frozen somewhere deep inside.
They had finally left the two men alone only when the champagne finally ran out. Bucky and Rhodey had shoved their beds together and told them to be good and laughed on their way out. There was still one lone balloon bumping up against the ceiling. ‘Get swell soon’ it read. The room was quiet but for the clicks and beeps of the machines around them.
Steve walked up to the window and saw his face reflected in the glass. Dried blood splattered over his cheek and forehead. Tony’s blood. He wanted to scratch his face off. But he calmly wet a rag with water from a bottle and wiped the violence off and waited to Tony to talk.
Steve smiled at the thought. But he had made some comfortable, almost happy memories. Something to dream about without any screaming. Even if they had been tainted with blood and violence at the beginning, Tony had given him that one blessing. He had never screamed. What a thing to be grateful for.
"Does that mean you forgive me then?" he whispered, both hopeful and afraid.
“I know it is his man. As you say, wouldn’t they know who they were selling to? But what if they didn’t know?”
Tony tried to say. It came out little more than a mumble. He tried to listen to Obie’s plans of world dominion. It made no sense. Either he was still too out of it, or Obie had gone mad. He was leaning towards the latter option.
“Do you think, we don’t know that? Tony knows… we have all lost something or other to the Militias—AIM, Doom, Ten Rings, and Hydra is the biggest monster out there. We have to pick our battles carefully. We will cut off Hydra’s arms supply, but I don’t think we can go any further than that,” Potts broke in.
“Hey Tony. Thought I’d find you here,” Pepper said as she sat down beside him and swung her legs over the edge of the water tank.
“No idea. Want me to find out?”
But when he got to the garage he growled in frustration. It was empty. The survivors (he suspected the higher-ups) must have got away with whatever vehicles had been functional. He was still thinking of his next move when he felt a cold breeze and noticed that a part of the garage wall had fallen and taken a section of the floor with it. The wall overhung a sheer rock face but there was a sloped ledge leading away from the darkness of the howling ravine. There, less than five metres below him, was a snowbike, its nose buried in the snow, but looking fairly unharmed. Steve went through the rest of the garage facility, quietly breaking open all the lockers and cupboards. In fifteen minutes he limped back to the hole in the wall with a small bag full of dried foods, a water can, a torch, a first aid kit, a gun and a couple of knives, a tool kit and a can of fuel and a some rope.
