“We need to go somewhere. Come on John.”
“I’m sorry.”
“That was the fourth. The first three weren’t strong enough, the fourth blew through an exact replica of the cabinet and through the floor.”
Mycroft was in an emergency meeting with the CIA when he heard the emergency tone on his mobile go off.
“Code Falcon. Departing in ten.” It was the five words that made my heart drop. On my seventh year in service, Mister Holmes officially took over as the boss, and the top agents were given a special briefing. We were briefed by Q, who laid down the importance of Code Falcon. It meant ‘drop everything and get your arse here even if you were seconds to an orgasm’. It was only used for M’s extraction.
John thought to himself. In that moment he seemed to have found courage that he hadn’t possess in the past year and decided to press on. He took another step while taking off the rubber gloves, throwing them on the floor without giving it another look where it landed.
A few seconds later, my mobile rang again.
That same evening, I knew John and Sherlock would be alright on their own, probably would appreciate the alone time if they knew. Leaving them unattended for an hour shouldn’t be problem. Besides, I’m sure Anthea has contingency plans if they decide to leave the flat while I’m attending the briefing.
While Sherlock was thinking of that, John came back into the room and laid on top of Sherlock, kissing the man chastely, and announced that he needs to leave soon.
“Sally, let’s get EMT to clear you, and we will take you home, alright?”
Surprisingly, no one knew who that child was. We assumed it had to be someone close to us. I was camping in the storage facility where the painting was right outside the door. The boy was counting down. Sherlock had less than six seconds to make a deduction, accurately too.
We were all huddled in M’s office that night, going through the plans once again. Everything went according to it. And there we all were, exhausted, letting go a breath we all were holding, waiting for the last piece to be moved.
“You were serious about Bond night.” Sherlock whined, but nonetheless stayed seated on the sofa with a throw pillow across his lap. If John didn’t know Sherlock better, he would’ve thought that as an invitation to lie down.
“Finally.” Sherlock huffed with an eye roll directed towards the officers. He willingly allow John to pull him out and away from the crime scene, into a cab...
“But you don’t know what I was going to--”
Sherlock’s rant was cut short with John’s palm covering his mouth. “Sorry mate. He’s a little frantic.”
“Thank you for wearing that monstrosity of a sweater for me love.”
“What do you want? I know you don’t show up for no reason.”
“Damn. They look… the same?” I was surprised to see another man who behaved, talked and even walked like Moriarty.
But definitely not like this. Absolutely not under duress.
Nine hours later, we were done setting up plan B. During that time, Q’s sister was disarmed by our bomb disposal team. She was placed under protective custody and brought to Q-Branch immediately to be reunited with Q. From what I heard later, Q smashed a ton of equipment while watching the bomb disposal unit work and swore that they would all need to attend another hundred hours of training after that day.
While John was staring at the wall, Sherlock made quick steps and left the building and noticed a cab across the street.
“Try to keep up John. The bad one in the classroom with me, and the one that works for Mycroft spying outside the room I was in. Our cabbie, apparently. The one you’ve become friends with, Aaron. Not his real name by the way.”
” John’s question was muffled by Sherlock’s palm over his mouth, but the detective knew exactly what John was asking.
Since the day they muttered their first words, the Moriarty brothers were groomed to take over the family’s criminal empire. Jeremiah was always the steadier one and James… well, the term ‘loose cannon’ seemed mild compared to the younger twin.
It started with poultry animals her parents had in their family farm. Sally would volunteer since the age of eight to slaughter the Donovan’s annual Christmas turkey and occasionally a chicken for special occasions. Her parents raised Sally in the countryside, childhood filled with hunting trips, tending to the chickens, turkeys, building coops and horseback riding.
“Did you not hear that song? Fits perfectly with the crime scene…” The consulting detective trailed off, focused on the splatters of blood on the Christmas tree, decorations still in a box underneath it.
We were filled in with what happened at the pool. The bait and switch, the unexpected explosion, and an account of everyone’s injuries. It had only been nine weeks since the incident, and yet, here we are on the hunt again.
“No, Sherlock! WE will get it fixed. Now go and call someone about it.” When Sherlock scowled, John gave him a shove and glared until Sherlock picked up his phone, calling a contractor.
“Why me?”
“Go. I’ll be here when you get back. I need to solve the case.”
“Give me your phone mate.” John reached out his hand and asked for Greg’s mobile.
We all know to keep our guards up, but Anthea… she’s made me not want to leave my guard up.
“He’s waking up!” The doctor declared joyously.
When he got back to 221B, he was surprised to find a letter under the door. It wasn’t mail day. The letter was addressed to him, written in the beautiful script he recognised as Sherlock’s.
“Do not stop for him. He’s getting too close.”
Two hours after sending John to the Yard, they found Soo Lin’s apartment and Sherlock got ambushed. I was sure they would find the shop, both armed with Van Coon and the journalist’s schedules, but
John has kept Sherlock hard and wanting all night. Neither of them had any release. John kept the game up and running, touching Sherlock in places the detective never knew was arousing before.
As he got to the last few steps, a loud knock came from the door.
“If there is only one person in the world who loves Sherlock, it's me. But of course, you know that’s not true. You probably love yourself so much there’s never going to be enough to top that...”
“Just make sure it isn’t spaghetti in it. Holmes junior will give you an hour worth of lecture about it.”
In all future chapters, I will include some additional pieces outside of Bryn’s story, and they will be indicated by “###” break lines. I promised Johnlock and Mystrade, so here we start! Xx
As one more year went by, the nightmares had reduced to screams and tears. One more year, finally, John was able to have his first night of good sleep. He was asleep for sixteen hours that night, and Sherlock held John close the whole time. The following week while Sherlock was asleep, John moved Sherlock’s arms towards his own waist and fell asleep with his head pressed against the detective’s chest. When Sherlock woke up in the morning, he smiled knowing things were getting better, and John was beginning to find himself again.
For jimins_future_wife. I'm a 22 words short of 3k, but here you go, as requested, 3000 words of bottom!lock. xxxx
Mycroft had stationed two of his most trusted men near the safe house. He knew John would try to take his own life. He also had pinhole cameras installed to cover every corner of the house. John’s privacy was irrelevant at that moment. Keeping him alive was the only thing that mattered.
“Well, I guess we’ll need supplies to clean up after this. Wait here for the contractor and I’ll get some shopping done, alright?”
“Fine.” Sally calmed herself down with a deep breath. This is far from over, but she knew she had to keep her composure. “If this is what would make you happy, fine. I’ll let it go.” She opened the door and motioned for Anderson to leave.
“John? JOHN! Please, come on John. Wake up for me!” Sherlock loomed over John as he reached for the call button.
“He was so…” Anthea’s mother started to talk as I placed her in the car, “his voice…” Then I realized she was still talking to Sherlock through an earpiece.
“Precisely. You can map out an area in your head just by walking around it, commit every nook and cranny in your
Fuck.
“Come in.”
Once again, playing fast and loose with the prompt. But you get the idea.
A glare from John made Sherlock close his mouth immediately and almost bit his own tongue.
“I’m sorry gentlemen. It seems like I have a more pressing matter to attend to than your so-called emergency.” Without waiting to hear their complaints about how this would affect upcoming elections, Mycroft switched off his laptop and headed for the door immediately. He estimated another four hours before Sherlock would be standing face to face with Shan.
It was one of those cases where there was only one side of a story. The fact that Bewick (the accused) fell into Mycroft’s radar was the fact that he worked for a large criminal organisation. Sherlock saw it all, except which criminal organisation.
“You little shit.” She clocked his head with the book again. “Your father would’ve been so disappointed. We never, ever, use innocent pawns, children or the elderly. And I hope you remember why?” Her eyebrows were raised in warning to James.
“Six?!” John gasped, “who the fuck gets hunted by agencies at six?”
“What? Like a date?”
“Happy birthday to me.”
Greg owes John one. What would John ask for?
“God! Sherlock! So fucking beautiful!” John gasped, trailing kisses down the back of Sherlock’s knee, thighs and his arse.
It was a long and exhausting road, but Sherlock made a vow to himself to keep John safe, and will never leave him for better or for worse.
“I can’t tell you yet. They’re giving me a test and I have to pass first. I need to go and study now.”
“And you’re probably the only person in the world who would rephrase ‘
“John… please.” Sherlock whined after finishing half his fried noodles and two pieces of sweet and sour pork, plus all the pineapples from it.
“I am quite sure these are all serial killers. They could be the same person, few different person, or a few people working together. I don’t know yet. But this is worth my time looking into.”
“Anthea, give us a moment please.”
Unfortunately, all our personal lives were also caught in it.
### ### Bryn’s POV ### ###
It was the ringtone set to Mycroft’s emergency phone.
“You took your time.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but moved to remove his jacket and shoes, then going under the blanket and cuddled up to John.
“Depends if I make it back home before my shift starts again. Your brother and John left me with a mountain of paperwork…” Greg paused, thinking about the promise he made Mycroft make, how he had moved in with Mycroft while still married on paper to the unfaithful woman he wanted to divorce. “Speaking of paperwork, Carol’s still not signing those papers, because she’s away on a ‘business trip’. Probably with the bus driver.” Both Greg and Mycroft heard the inverted commas and chuckled quietly together.
“That explains why I didn’t remember you paying the cab that first night.”
As he explained to John that the book to cracking the cipher must be on Soo Lin’s desk, he grabbed his scarf and gloves, hoping to make it to the museum before Soo Lin’s belongings were taken away. Sherlock ran down the stairs and tried to flag a cab turning the corner when he bumped into a couple.
Then Sherlock leaned forward and whispered in John’s ear, “This is a blind spot. I know they’re listening. Let’s not give them a show.”
“Me too, love. Me too.” John was running out of breath. He was getting too close with Sherlock gyrating his hips above. “Stop. Too close!” But it was too late. Sherlock didn’t stop and John spent himself between their stomachs, covering Sherlock’s red leaking cock with his semen.
It will come. I promise!
, he explained, “I’ve been wondering if I chose the right spot this whole time. Ever since I’ve decided not to expose them, the ‘Secret Agent Puzzle Room’ was filling up. Now it’s one down filed in my ‘Solved Puzzles’ room. And you need to explain to me why Mycroft hasn’t sacked him yet.”
As much as he would enjoy returning the favour for J, it would have posed a greater risk, one he may not be able to manage. Moriarty cannot know that Mycroft was onto him, and Mycroft knows Shan won’t make it out of London alive - Moriarty would make sure of it.
crime scene.
“Happy birthday my darling. Ready for your present?”
Sebastian’s voice rang in his ears. He wanted it to stop, but how could anyone hate Sherlock? He’s brilliant, smart, and to top it all off, amazingly good looking with legs that ran for miles!
After finding Van Coon dead in his own home, murdered, Sherlock thought it’ll be best to update Sebastian immediately. Instead of calling like a normal person would, he decided to crash a dinner meeting.
John’s second attempt at suicide was after Erik’s verdict. He was sentenced to life in prison. But during the trial, the defense tried to argue that John was a willing party and based on some video footages, he had enjoyed being used. Sherlock almost killed the lawyer with his bare hands when they walked past him outside the courthouse. John never expected them to have any recordings. It was one thing to be humiliated within the four walls, but to have the risk of it being exposed to the whole world?
John took him by surprise after the little gift Greg planned for them. And he was still pleasantly surprised at how domineering his doctor was, given that he had hid all that away under ugly jumpers for years.
John was kept in the hospital after his stomach was pumped. Sherlock stayed by his side, only leaving to use the bathroom. John was in and out of consciousness for three days. He was physically fine, but his mental state was a mess. When John finally woke up on the fourth day, Sherlock made a conscious effort to shower him with loving whispers, told John how much he needed him and it will all pass.
“Oh god, Lay? Oh no… no!” Kate cried when Layla went limp and fell on the floor. Before she could reach out, she felt a pair of hands around her neck pulling her away.
Pulling the knife out and planting it on Kate’s hand, she gave herself a big round of applause internally.
“Yeah. Wanna grab a pint later?”
His business with Scotland Yard elevated security measures from two to six in the matter of two weeks! How dangerous are street criminals in London these days? I read a few news articles about some of the cases he had solved. Well, if he is hunting serial killers or influential people trying to cover up their own crimes, the security is justifiable, I suppose.
“Even if it will give him a better chance at survival?” Harry heard a voice she had missed dearly from the door.
“No idea. Could be anyone. From work, from the bar… anyone! What should I do Layla?”
She squealed so loud that everyone around the cafe turned to stare at her. Mr. Holmes was equally delighted although his reaction was more subtle.
“Miss Hooper is here for you.”
“That you do.”
“I’ve always known Mycroft had people following me. Most of the time I chose to ignore them because I knew if I made it known that I knew, Mycroft would sack them. There were a few disgruntled agents that had came back for revenge, so exposing them for fun wasn’t worth the hassle later.
“I’m never bored. He’s fantastic.” John answered casually, wanting to rid of Mycroft so he could properly look at Sherlock in his own chair. Never did he realize that he became so attached to his chair, just a little shy of his attachment to Sherlock.
“Good day to you too, M.”
“Before we get to the rules stuff, can I ask you something?” Greg asked when the waiter left them with their chips.
“Hey, Aaron. Got time for a pint?” John asked.
Just as I was about to respond, there was a loud beep, and Mr. Kaplan’s voice came through.
Three years later, Sherlock was still trying to find the July 15th killer. But all he knew for sure was the killer would only kill on this date and a bottle of wine is always present. Greg, John and himself had kept this investigation to themselves. There was not enough evidence to open a case officially.
When Sherlock found his phone in his Belstaff, he had just missed the call. Two missed calls from Lestrade and one from Mycroft’s emergency phone.
“Deadman. You were threatening to kill them.”
“Oh! Oh!” Sherlock moaned, “I can feel that, oh god, John!”
“John! Oh god, John you’re awake. John!” Sherlock ran back into the room and embraced John, crying his name over and over into John’s pillow. John let his other hand run through Sherlock’s hair, to feel if this was real.
As Mycroft finished his sentence, a knock on the door turned both their heads. Anthea had opened the door slightly to remind Mycroft of his next appointment. John got the hint and excused himself to leave.
Kate Anderson landed in Heathrow Airport four days before her best friend was killed on the 15th July. Philip was at work when she arrived at home and found lingerie that did not belong to her. She suspected her husband of having an affair, but she had to find out who. She had to talk to someone about it.
Smut has arrived. Merry Christmas xx
“Good morning.” Sherlock said while moving himself closer to John and wrapped himself around the doctor.
Mycroft shot it as a glance to Sherlock while the younger only chuckled in response.
“It’s only fair. If you wish to not be involved, I completely understand as well. But know this, Gregory, I will do everything in my power to keep you safe, even if it costs me my own life.”
He moaned into the pillow under his face, holding on to the bedsheets with his dear life. It was just Sherlock’s fingers, but he felt like he was about to come from being fucked like that. He wanted more. He wanted to feel Sherlock inside him.
, he thought to himself while knocking on the door.
“The other one reports to this one.” Mycroft glanced over to his assistant and saw her texting said ‘other birdie’.
“For fucks sake! You didn’t even lock the door?” Greg whispered sternly. John looked really embarrassed, but Sherlock on the other hand, looked smug as hell.
Despite rumors, Gloria and Julius did love each other. It was by pure coincidence that they both had talent and passion for all things
John had no idea what happened the night before, but he could sense that she was furious about something they did.
John thought.
A/N: I'm Chinese by heritage, and we do celebrate Winter Solstice in my house by eating that dessert Sherlock made. I couldn't resist my favourite ship falling in love with my culture!
Sherlock saw the spray paint from the corner of his eyes as soon as he stepped into the room. ‘
Still holding Sherlock, John could only manage one word, “Why?”
“That was what Moriarty was waiting for too…” M said when he spun his monitor around, showing John bound on his wrists and ankles, knocked out cold, getting thrown into the back of an unmarked SUV.
“I’m not sure. Would you tell me?”
He has gotten into a lot of trouble with the A&E too. Refusing treatment is at the top of the list. Why am I not surprised anymore...
Guys! I know it's been a looong waiting for this chapter but, hey! finally got it, lol. Now, I know it isn't the best translation ever but I'm trying to do my best (still, if you know someone willing to translate this piece of trash, I'd be forever thankful) and since this fic's version in spanish is about to finish, I think I'll have more time to translate. Again, thank you so much for your comments, kind words and kudos. You guys rock <3 !
“But now he has all the time in the world to do as he pleases, if you had that much free time, you’d be able to write even with your feet by tomorrow! Anyway, I better keep going, it’s about time that husband of yours comes back and I’m pretty sure it won’t make him happy to see you doing anything else but working;” Mrs. Watson’s neighbour sighed on her way out and stopped for a moment at the door; “you shouldn’t have married him, Evelyn. Probably you wouldn’t be wealthier but at least you’d be less miserable.”
“The boy possesses a unique talent, unfortunately, said talent is minimized by the brute he has as a father.” John heard the playwright conclude and the young blond took the chance to readjust in his seat, looked at Sherlock pour a cup of tea and frowned; how far did he travel in his thoughts that he didn’t even notice when Mr. Forner brought the tea?
John walked the distance between his and Sherlock's bedroom, thinking in how it would take him a year or more in getting used to being dressed or having so much food just for him; he knocked at the door for a couple of times and when no one answered, decided to get in. The curtains were still closed and still, he could figure the delicate silhouette of Sherlock's body under the sheets while the young man slept without any worry, not even after his little "exercise" routine the night before.
“Please excuse- Sherlock? Good heavens, what are you doing here?” Asked John when the unwary man’s identity was revealed.
as a man with a white beard sitting between clouds judging all my actions, a man who frightens me so bad that I’m scared of living because otherwise, I’ll be sentenced to an eternal suffering neither I see “
*Vazey: The victorian way of calling someone an idiot.
I will be forever grateful and sorry in not being an author who updates weekly (at least in this work, I should update every two days at least, since I only have to translate... but translating is difficult when you don't have a major on it) or at least twice per month. I'm not saying it's going to take me another 3 months to update again but certainly I'm not going to update this week (or maybe I will to spend nicely my last week of vacations from uni c: ) I also have to work in more chapters for the sequel of this story ("When you're smiling" probs will translate it too) but that will be for another time.
Also, I introduced Wilde in this chapter (spoiler alert: He isn't a recurrent guest in this story. Sorry :( ) since I find that what happened to him was totally unfair, I know I can't change the course of history (I'm not The Doctor nor TVA's Loki lol) but at least I can save him in here. I love the victorian era but I find absurd and hypocrite its homophobia and sexism.
John was silent until he remembered the emerald eyes that he used to associate to his young friend, now the man standing in front of him. Slapped his own forehead and smiled. “Of course, Eliah! Please forgive me for not remembering you, but it's been a long time my dear fellow. You have no idea how much I missed seeing a friendly face." And while John chatted with his friend, the latter couldn't help to notice John's new clothes nor Sherlock's presence, who stayed by John's side with a bored look on his face.
P.S: Sherlock made a reference that he may be an atheist and showed himself a bit disrespectful (wow, flash news, call the BBC!) to John's religion. I believe in God (although I'm not a fanatic) but still, I feel the need to state that Sherlock's comments weren't made to be rude towards anyone's belifs.
At nine in the morning, on time as always, Charles (the servant who helped John as his valet) arrived at John’s room to begin his morning routine; still, was a bit surprised at the young man’s bad temper, something rare in him.
“Jealous? Me? Come on, John; we’re better than this. You know that this is anger and nothing more, not being contempt enough to go sinning around, they decided to bring their filthy despicable actions inside the house. Anger, that’s it and nothing more.” Whispered to himself while hating every moan, thump and pant he listened from the other room.
The door of Sherlock's study was slammed open while the black haired boy was bending over a silver tray with a small snake pinned to be the victim of his curiosity (or for science sake, which was the same to the boy.) "We don't need to talk about the subject again and again, do we, father?" asked without even raising his eyes from the dead snake. Of course, that answer ignited Lord Holmes anger.
"Maybe that's what I'm going to have to do." Whispered Lord Holmes while looking around at the empty room. "Desperate times require desperate measures."
; maybe if you stopped interrupting people so much and used those beautiful lips of yours in better duties, you’d be able to listen to other people’s ideas and wishes;” he then bit the aristocrat’s Adam’s apple and smile at the received moan; “I think we should finish this business in your bedroom, what do you say? Everybody’s gone to bed, your father is gone to a hunt in Devon, so he won’t come back until next week, your mother sleeps like a rock and your room isn’t next to hers. No one will know…”
John barely managed to nod... until another question popped into his head. “But… how is it possible that you talk about God and his rules if, well, you know…?” He tried to ask but didn’t manage to find a word that didn’t leave him as a mean man.
“I see my little lecture is already doing wonders on you, Watson; well done: you went from trying to drown me with holy water to give freedom to my ass.” Whispered the young aristocrat and laughed softly. “Anyway, I’m touched by your concern on my welfare but there’s nothing to worry about. I’m not planning on being in another relationship besides Joshua, unless a more
His morning routine had been the same: Being woken up by Charles (the good man kept insisting John to call him by his last name, but it was impossible for the blond young man: Charles had been the first servant who received him in a good way and had a good conversation with him) who helped him get dressed, take the clothes from the closet, wake up and dress Sherlock. The basics.
” Sherlock moaned again, wantonly this time; with that moan, John’s feelings took shape: Jealousy. He felt how jealousy buried itself in his chest and alarmed the blond man.
Guys, thank you so much for following this story! I apologize for this awful translation (still, I'm trying to do my best lol) :c
"I know, I know;
John shook his head. How was he going to fake an illness when the doctor came and checked on him? On the contrary, he simply allowed Charles to help him get dressed even if he still didn’t raise his arms on his own to get his shirt on. He wasn’t that useless yet.
"Good Mr. Tisher, when I told you my friend needs a whole new closet, it was the truth. We are going to need, at least, ten of everything: suits, frocs, shirts and so on. Also, you'll do good if you give notice to your brother that my friend and I are going to pay him a visit once we finish with you."
(See the end of the chapter for
I don’t have much to say for this chapter, except that I’m thankful for the kudos and the comments you guys leave :)!
“Did you see that? That’s why it’s so difficult for me to get used to all of this. I wasn’t rude to him!” Said John, totally puzzled with Sherlock’s behaviour.
“Letter and visits, Sherlock, can be sent and solicited in both ways; all since waiting for only one side of the friendship to do all the communication, can turn into a dull business.” Replied Oscar while holding his hand, showing a better smile than the one from his host. “I see that you keep that nasty hobby of yours where you ignore your other visitors when a new one arrives.” Said to point out John’s presence and how he was still not introduced by Sherlock.
Sherlock huffed with disbelief. Didn't John want to be inside him? Take what was rightfully his?
Mrs Hudson closed the short distance between them and placed one hand affectionately on John's cheek, the other on his upper arm. "I'm glad you're doing better, John."
John returned his gaze to Sherlock, who had lowered his head and was staring bashfully at his hands folded in his lap. John hesitated for the space of two or three heartbeats, then grasped Sherlock's chin between his index finger and thumb to tilt it upwards so he could see his face. With a lopsided grin, he stroked Sherlock's cheek, which had flushed pale red.
Sherlock sighed and compressed his lips, squeezing the bridge of his nose through the washcloth. "I know."
John ran his hands over Sherlock's back, his thighs, his arms.
Victor couldn't help chuckling softly at those words. He was well aware that Sherlock wasn't good at making friends. But the fact that there was a person behind that all-knowing facade, a person who didn't know his own worth and seemed to misinterpret any positive feelings directed his way: that all said more about Sherlock than he probably wanted to reveal. Maybe it was down to the aforementioned annoyance that Sherlock was so poor at gauging people's reactions to him. Maybe he'd begun to observe people so precisely and break down their behaviours in order to fill that gap in his own system of ordering things.
Anthea shrugged and turned to the next page. Sherlock could tell by her eye movements that she wasn't reading, though. "Your brother learned the language a while back. I thought it prudent for me to do the same."
John just looked at him and shrugged. He didn't know what to answer.
"That was all I could manage, Sherlock. You'll have to wait until the end of the semester – just like everyone else. The rest is dependent on your results," the stranger said, plucking invisible lint from his sleeve. "And do please be so good as to dress appropriately. This outfit is ridiculous, Sherlock."
"What are you thinking?" John asked. He leaned further into the embrace, caressing Sherlock's lower arms where they were wrapped around his stomach.
"Fuck!" John cursed again and sank to his knees on his side of the bed. He rested his forehead against the foot of the mattress, clearly trying to get a grip on the chaos in his head.
"I'm so awfully sorry about all of this... John... please... let me do something... I can't stand seeing you like this." A whisper, close to John's ear. Silence. Impotence reflected in those few syllables. There was nothing to be done. Everything the Yard had the power to do was already being done, and beyond that there was only a tiny spark of hope which John harboured deep inside, well aware that the reality looked quite different.
"Is everything all right?" Sherlock asked warily.
He didn't want to make any accusations; he just wanted to know if the physical separation was helping the omega, or whether he also felt the same wistful yearning from time to time. Whether he was familiar with a feeling like holding your breath underwater for too long. And then your lungs started to burn because they were screaming for oxygen and there was a roaring sound in your ears. And little black spots appeared in your field of vision, dancing up and down. Sometimes the spots were rainbow-coloured, depending on whether you were in the tub or somewhere outdoors where the sun was being refracted by the surface of the water.
John’s neck, back and joints feel like they have been put through a meat grinder and replaced with rubber. Eyes and throat are sore from the dry airplane air, and the pressure on his ears has not yet subsided. Thanks to a whimpering toddler in the row right behind him, John wasn’t able to sleep a wink the whole flight. Wretched and deeply exhausted, he picks a few pounds from his wallet and hands them to the driver, thanks him and pulls out the handle of the suitcase to pull it over the pavement.
"I want you so much," John panted between frantic breaths. "But I want you to come first." He pushed up on Sherlock's hips from underneath until Sherlock was holding himself up on his elbows and John had enough room to turn himself around and lie down underneath him, his head at the level of Sherlock's hips. He looked up at Sherlock through the narrow space between their bodies, seeking eye contact as his hands moved over Sherlock's chest, waist, and hips.
"So... what's all of this here?" John asked, nodding at the kitchen table. It was littered with slides, petri dishes, pipettes, a mysterious white powder, empty pill capsule halves, various scraps of paper with formulas scribbled on them, pens, and who knew what else.
When the topic of Sebastian was raised, Moran listened to the accusations and questions for a short while before tossing his hands into the air with annoyance and rolling his eyes in a theatrical manner.
John had joked, but Sherlock had dismissed it with a roll of his eyes and lifted the cup to his lovely lips.
"John..."
She didn't answer for a moment. Sherlock realised that she'd gone over to the chair where John usually sat. When she spoke again, her voice came from the doorway.
A wood-panelled hallway opened up in front of Sherlock, leading to two more doors just a few metres away. He stopped to consider for a moment whether he should take the right-hand door first in order to get a better sense of the layout of the estate. But as he didn't have much time, he decided to find the omega who had greeted them as quickly as possible and get as much information out of her as he could.
John sighed and shook his head, withdrawing his hand. Of course he'd rubbed Sherlock the wrong way with his question.
Sherlock crowded in closer to John and nodded. "As expected. Those in possession of this much wealth prefer to live anonymously and not be disturbed."
"I can't believe you've never seen these films. I was eight when this one was in the cinemas, and I was dead set on seeing it. Of course my parents wouldn't let me. When it finally came out on video, I watched it in secret with Harry."
John mustered the man across from him, breathless, digging his fingers into the fabric of his jeans. A sense of unease came over him when he heard those words; they placed Mycroft in a completely different light, should John's fears be confirmed.
Yet even if a beta managed to coax an alpha's knot into forming, it was another matter entirely to get it inside. An alpha's erection was on the large side anyway. Inserting a knot in addition could lead to serious injury if the recipient wasn't properly prepared. But it was possible. Many betas reported that they stretched their muscles before beginning a lovemaking session with an alpha – simply in the interest of saving time. The use of alpha plugs and dildos was one obvious method, and the consumption of chemical substances designed to relax the muscles within a short period of time had increased drastically in the last twenty years.
The other end of the line was picked up immediately. "Sher—"
"He attacked me... I defended myself," Sherlock summarised vaguely, without meeting his brother's eyes. "He had a weapon in his hand, and I had nothing with which to protect myself. John was too far away, and then... then he was too close. I knew that Moriarty would shoot him once he'd killed me. He was out of control, completely insane..."
He would have liked to laugh heartily at Sherlock's jab towards his brother, but he simply wasn't in the mood. Instead, he gazed reflectively out the window, watching the landscape pass by.
Sherlock frowned with concentration as he tried as hard as he could to read John's mind from his expression.
John felt more than saw Sherlock stiffen and sit up.
Cilia quietly closed the door behind her alpha and folded her hands on top of her belly.
"You visited the infirmary every day and were the first responder. You know how I am. So come on, out with it. What's got you down?"
Sherlock kept trying to cram more alpha cock into his mouth, only to pull back as soon as he'd reached his limit in order to feast his eyes on John's reaction. The heat and insistence in his groin was getting stronger by the second, until he felt as if he were going to explode. And yet he didn't let himself get distracted, continued licking and sucking while fisting his own cock to counteract the growing tension.
"Oh..."
for this phenomenal translation!
Sherlock raised one eyebrow and gave John a pointed look. "You still don't think he could have done it?"
"I want to sleep in a clean bed, and the dirty clothes were in the way. It didn't take long."
, Sherlock thought and gritted his teeth as he stood under the shower and washed himself. The effects of the spark had dissipated a while ago, and his body was reporting back with loud protests. Every muscle ached, but his arse hurt more than anything.
"Oh, it's not? How many omegas are members then?"
John followed her at a short distance and with a queasy feeling in his stomach. He watched her knock a tattoo on the door, hard enough that it should be audible throughout the house, before taking the key Mycroft had given her out of her purse and unlocking the door. She stepped into the entryway and felt around on the wall to her right, then turned on the ceiling lamp and looked around.
"But what about monsieur here?" The man indicated John with a tilt of his head. "He's also an alpha."
John sighed softly. "I know. It's not going to be an easy path. But that's exactly why they need as much support as possible. Mycroft needs his strong, brilliant, fantastic brother on his side to fight for his rights. And I'll be there too, doing my best."
John was more nervous than he'd been in quite a long time. His hands were ice-cold and sweaty while his heart was pounding hard in his chest, shooting adrenaline through his veins. It was cooler in Brighton than in London. John drew in a deep breath of fresh air and thought he could smell a hint of salt, even though the sea was several kilometres away.
"I miss it too... working with everyone," John admitted and drank some of his tea before he blurted out any more sentimental nonsense.
After that speech, Mycroft was possessed of at least enough decency to appear slightly guilty. But then he turned the tables and went on the attack.
"And why are you only a nurse if you come from this kind of background?"
"What... are you talking about..." John stammered.
"A threat?" Sherlock drew his brows together fiercely and gave the woman opposite him a suspicious look.
They hadn't spoken much more, falling asleep entwined soon after. Both too exhausted, physically and emotionally, to stay awake any longer. John was therefore quite surprised when he woke in the middle of the night.
When Sherlock woke the next morning, he was sure that John must have already left for the clinic a while ago. He was therefore quite astonished to find him sitting in the kitchen.
John rose up and pulled Sherlock into his arms, eschewing any further questions.
"You disappeared, Victor... left me alone with... with all this shite... after everything. You..." John stopped and took a deep breath before shaking his head wearily and taking a sip of the milky liquid. "Why did you leave?"
"Does it have anything to do with Sebastian's or Anastasia's death?"
"Erm..."
"Hm?"
Sherlock was a little surprised at how quietly the morning passed. The second day of his first heat had gone by in a similar manner. Feeling relaxed and in a state of equilibrium as long as John was nearby, he took advantage of the peace and quiet to hydrate and doze on the sofa in the sunlight that fell through the window.
"Yeah… I wasn't even thinking of that until I saw what happened when my commanding officer lost his omega in an accident. He was unrecognisable afterwards," John said.
Sherlock deepened the kiss, stroking John's tongue with his and sighing unabashedly into the other man's mouth. He was relieved to discover that it didn't take more than that to motivate John to reciprocate. He placed one hand on Sherlock's back and the other on the nape of his neck, and sucked and nibbled on Sherlock's lips with equal enthusiasm, taking frantic breaths between each kiss.
He played with the idea of inviting Sherlock to dinner as a way of saying thanks. They could go to some nice restaurant of Sherlock's choosing. Maybe they could set aside their differences, meet on an even playing field, and get to know each other better. After all, it was never too late for a fresh start.
"Three times, but how did you know?"
"… beg me... to go faster... harder...
As always many thanks to
"Unlike me, is what you mean."
"Returning here was still completely absurd if she was responsible for it. The whole thing might be a bluff to distract suspicion from the true culprit and waste our time!" Sherlock was visibly upset. The entire situation was slowly but surely getting out of hand. On top of everything else, he and John had only dozed a little during the night, and despite the burst of adrenaline that the news of Moriarty's escape had triggered, they were both completely exhausted.
As always many thanks to
John would have liked nothing more than to know what it had felt like for Sherlock, and what he thought of their union. Had it also been the most earth-shattering, the rawest sex he'd ever had in his life? Did he think the second round would proceed in a similarly fervent manner? Had John been too rough, or had he stimulated Sherlock in just the right way? And would the next phase of the heat begin soon?
Sherlock snapped his mouth shut and looked back and forth between the two omegas. "Is that how he got the two of you?"
. Instead, John increases the frequency of the vibration and listens to how Sherlock gasps and moans into his pillow.
One afternoon, Anthea came up to Sherlock's room. She was cradling her huge belly with one hand, while in the other she held a bundle of letters. She sat down on the bed next to Sherlock and waited until he lowered the book about poisonous plants he was reading onto his chest and gave her a quizzical look. It annoyed Sherlock a little that Anthea acted so perfect, even when there were no alphas around, but she was clearly a lost cause anyway.
John tried to hate Sherlock. When that didn't work, he tried to forget him. But he didn't have any luck with that either.
John interlaced his fingers with Sherlock's and slid them underneath the pillow above his head. He used his legs to push the omega's further apart, driving in and out of Sherlock with barely perceptible motions. The angle enabled John to stimulate Sherlock's prostate with every thrust. The omega had curled his feet around John's calves to stabilise himself, and caressed John's skin with his toes.
"As if what, Mr Holmes?"
"Good idea." Sherlock intertwined his fingers with John's and walked the last few metres to the restaurant hand in hand.
"What...?"
He struggled to open his eyes, then stared up at the ceiling, panic squeezing his throat shut even as he felt like he was about to throw up. Gagging and coughing, he let Mary turn him onto his side and emptied the contents of his stomach over the edge of the bed onto the floor. Waves of pain, nausea and fear roiled through his body.
Of course there was still a long way to go before those omegas were afforded sufficient protection who needed it, and appropriate punishments meted out to violent alphas. But the stone had begun to roll, and nothing could stop it now.
Distracted by all of the orders coming in, Victor kept losing sight of the two of them, but he still had to grin whenever he saw how Abigail never let up with Sherlock, kept pulling him in closer as if she'd reserved his services for the entire night. At some point, however, Sherlock did manage to tear himself away and escape to the loo, muttering an apology. Abigail used the break to go over to Victor at the bar and order another drink.
John's cock was stiff too, and trapped between their abdomens. It would have been easy enough to grab Sherlock's soft arse cheeks with both hands and latch on to him; to rub against him, kiss him, inhale his seductive scent and begin the day with a climax. It wouldn't take much stimulation. They were both sweaty from being so close and from the heat that had built up overnight between their bodies and the blanket.
"Friendship and love are very close..." John whispered, lost in thought, his gaze fixed somewhere between his hands and the table, lost in empty space.
Later that evening, John found himself still thinking about how impressed he was with Sherlock. His omega had been simply brilliant. Both with his thespian talent and with his quick thinking. John had no idea how Sherlock had found out where the drugs were hidden so quickly, and it hadn't even hurt his feelings when Sherlock had rolled his eyes good-naturedly and murmured, "It was obvious."
"Why not?" Sherlock asked in a monotone. He stared down at his hands, unable to believe that he had actually asked the question.
Sherlock couldn't have said how much time passed in this manner, but pretty soon his muscles began to quiver and he knew he couldn't keep up the constriction much longer.
The storm inside him reached its zenith, making him shake and tremble. He dug into the other man's arms, giving himself over to the rush. Breathless. Out of sync.
They shared the rest of the chips and the fried fish, finished their soft drinks, then walked back to the hotel. Just as they set foot inside the lobby, John's phone rang. He took it out of his jacket pocket and frowned in bewilderment.
"I wonder if Anderson put the pieces together..." Sherlock muses, sipping his tea.
He ascribed the strange tightening in his stomach that he felt the first time he kissed Mary to those same butterflies. Just as he did the abrupt sense of emptiness followed by an unnatural high the first time she spread her legs and he cautiously penetrated her. His climax when he spurted into her was wonderful and intense, but was followed immediately by a deep sense of regret. Not over the act itself, but rather due to the emotions it triggered in him. At the same time, he couldn't help seeing Sherlock's haughty features in his mind's eye.
"Of course," Sherlock grumbled.
Sherlock listened intently as the footsteps receded. He waited until he was certain that the alphas were far enough away before entering the break room and looking around. He didn't find anything out of the ordinary that might give some clue to the odd conversation, aside from the empty coffee cup which had been left on top of the rotating lid of the dustbin rather than being deposited inside. Indulging some instinct, Sherlock stepped closer and saw that a slender calling card had been stuffed inside the plastic cup.
"He clearly had a differing opinion, and warned Sherlock in the next letter that his deeds wouldn't only be seen in a positive light. Because he was different. Because he didn't fit into society, and often didn't understand it. You know how clumsy he often was in that regard."
It was enough to drive him mad, yet even though nothing had changed about his original dilemma, Sherlock was relieved that John had returned.
"Why?" Victor asked, a trace of defiance in his voice.
Many thanks to
******
"I just can't understand why he's so adamant about rejecting your relationship..." she mused as she licked the green tea ice cream off her spoon with relish. "I mean, it's in his nature to subordinate himself to an alpha."
"Well then! I'll see you next week, John," Mary said and waved to the two of them before turning around to join the group that was just leaving the gymnasium.
And yet...
And he'd left John behind.
None of it made any sense. Thousands of people must have read the article, but the mysterious letters weren't mentioned there at all. The only people who knew about them were John, Victor, Mycroft, and presumably his assistant. John didn't believe that Victor had anything to do with it. Not after everything that had happened between him and John.
"Yes, it's just... I've never done anything like this before. Except with Bill, of course. And you're not just another alpha, you're also a man. I'm so awfully nervous, and... please, let's just continue. I only want..." She cut off her flustered babbling to retreat to the bed and lie down. Then she held one hand out toward John. "Are you coming?"
At some point, Sherlock leaned back, laughing as he cradled his full stomach. "Stop! I can't possibly cram in another bite!"
"Mm-hm," Sherlock agreed. And yet he tightened his grip on John's hand.
"I don't… feel much from the betas," Sherlock said evasively.
As John strokes his thumb over the bulge under the thin pyjama pants, Sherlock falters and shakily draws air into his lungs. John feels a slight twitch in Sherlock's semi-rigid penis and nervously sucks his lower lip between his teeth. Drawing small circles, he continues to stroke the fabric, feeling the shape and the swelling increase. Glancing up, he sees Sherlock's dilated pupils, his hooded eyelids. John jerks himself into action, leans forward, and breathes open-mouthed against Sherlock's crotch. With his lips he feels his way over the concealed penis while he strokes Sherlock's thigh as if to soothe him. (Damn, my knees...)
The knowledge that John could keep a cool head in such a stressful situation and leave even life-threatening tasks to his omega, was downright exhilarating. Of course, it all could have ended in tragedy, but John had had faith in Sherlock; had attributed to him enough common sense to correctly assess the risk and simply let him get on with it. It was...
"It doesn't matter who else you had in here, John," the omega whispered between two laps of his tongue, "because I'm the only one who will ever make you moan again. And you're the only one who has ever got my engine humming... Now watch this..."
"You're a bloody coward!" John spat, baring his teeth, but his knees buckled and he had to hold onto the back of his armchair in order not to topple over.
echoing unceasingly inside him. He sobbed blissfully into their embrace. Sherlock's breath, his familiar taste, his cherished smell – it was almost too much for John's senses to process all of the stimuli he'd thought were gone forever.
John grunted his understanding and stepped up behind his mother. He placed his hands on her shoulders and squeezed them in what he hoped was an encouraging gesture.
"Tea?" John echoed.
"After you, if you please." With a sweeping gesture, Sherlock invited John to get into the car first, then slid in after him and gave the driver the address of their destination.
Sherlock abandoned his resistance and relaxed palpably. He let out a shaky sigh and stroked John's sleeve where it rested on his chest. "I thought Mycroft already gave you a full report."
"Come on," John muttered with annoyance, haphazardly folding up the newspaper with his free hand. The sound of the phone ringing on the other end buzzed in his ear, echoing off the inner surface of his skull as if to mock him. But there was no answer.
He'd burned all of his bridges when he returned wounded from Afghanistan, if not before. It was only due to his lack of other options at the time that he'd sought refuge with Sherlock. As a result, he was accordingly ambivalent about coming face to face with his family again.
"That's true. So let's get down to the nitty gritty. What brings you here, John? Do you want to release William to my care?"
"What else is there? You've courted this beta long enough. With that awful cologne and new haircut. Now you've got what you wanted. Am I supposed to congratulate you on top of everything else? Well, congratulations, John. There! Satisfied now?"
The smile deepened as Victor slowly shook his head. He reached for the water bottle, set it aside, and slid closer to Sherlock until their thighs were touching. The arm he already had resting on the sofa slipped around Sherlock's shoulders, his fingertips skimming their slope with a feather-light touch.
Sherlock shook his head lightly. "I know… but… I've been carrying it around with me for so long and honestly I don't know how… It's so silly!" He rolled onto his back, away from John, and casually brushed a couple of stray locks of hair off his forehead.
echoed through the laptop's loudspeaker. There had been no bullet in the chamber.
Their lips met again and again, each kiss an affirmation for the step they were undertaking. In between, they whispered each other's names into the rare bits of empty space between them, holding fast to one another in order not to lose their precarious balance.
The officer in the recording room saved the data and looked over at Sherlock. "We're finished here. You can leave now."
As if a subconscious barrier akin to an iron cord which had been wrapped around John's heart suddenly broke loose, he felt more carefree and light than ever before. It was as if their talk that evening had set him irrevocably free and released him from the bonds of some unspoken fear: an apprehension that he hadn't even been aware was lurking somewhere inside him.
Standing directly in front of the gap, the angle is still wrong and John still has no direct view of the bed. What he can see is in the mirrored door of the wardrobe that Mrs Hudson had left him when he moved in. John’s heart skips. Just stops beating. Conks out. That must be because all his blood single-mindedly pools down between his legs and lets his cock swell so fast, it inevitably reminds him of his teenage years. Another passionate moan from inside the room jerks his body out of its current state of shock and lets him gasp for air. Meanwhile, the sight that greets John’s eyes in the mirror etches itself into his retinas.
"Ah," Sherlock said, signalling his understanding. "A special scheme to promote children from underprivileges families."
Mary seemed to feel the same, as she kept trying to get close to John and apparently very much enjoyed the time they spent together. At the same time, she didn't treat him with the extreme respect that society might have demanded given his rank and alpha status, nor did she seem to be gasping for his alpha cock in order to fulfil some long-held fantasy like many of the other beta servicemen and -women who vied for John's interest. No, she approached John with a dose of guts and sarcasm, along with a charismatic charm.
Camden Market in and around Camden's High Street was bustling with countless visitors that Sunday as usual. Along with street vendors and tourists, locals enjoyed slumming their way down here in order to partake in the festive atmosphere, acquire unique, handmade jewellery, clothing, and other knick-knacks, or eat something at one of the numerous stalls that were spread across the entire site.
They fell silent for a moment, listening to the sounds in the station, the clattering and clinking in the café, the Christmas carols on the radio piping out of the loudspeakers in the ceiling.
John pinched the bridge of his nose grimly. He felt a sharp pain originating in his temples and radiating out to his eyes. He sighed and turned halfway in his seat so he could see Sherlock.
"Other people, John. Other people, but not you!"
"Did you... did you feel it when John was shot?" she probed cautiously, although her curiosity was evident.
John chuckled softly and wrapped his arms around Sherlock's neck, making sure not to dislodge the cannula in the back of his hand, and pulled him in as close as he could.
"You know, I'm not blind, Lord Moran."
"I..." Walters stopped as if he needed to reconsider his words, choose them more deliberately. "I called, but..." he said carefully; uncertain and wary. He was well aware that he was stepping out onto thin ice by taking up with a student. Not because it was officially forbidden, but because they were both men. The attitude at universities was still rather conservative in that regard.
Sherlock immediately followed the order, happy to give his hands something to do. An electrifying shiver shot through Sherlock when Victor's hand pushed inside his underpants, moving the material aside and freeing his erection. Hot and cold and tingly and everything at once.
"Thanks," Nick muttered simply. He got up and went into Victor's bedroom to get dressed.
needs?" she inquired. Despite the perfectly friendly nature of her tone, the words fanned the flames of a deep-seated anger inside Sherlock.
He was everything an alpha could ever want, and he was offering himself up to John on a silver platter. A precious fruit that was virtually begging to be picked. But was he a forbidden apple? Or worse? Was John the serpent in the garden who would ruin this omega's future if he formed a bond with him?
Furious, John kicked the cane so hard that it skittered away from him along the pavement. Then he walked away. Maybe he'd go bunk down at Mike Stamford's instead. It would serve him right. After all, he'd been the one responsible for getting him into this whole miserable situation with Sherlock.
"Has no one ever done it with you?"
"Hm," Sherlock grunted.
"Bloody – I'm so sorry! I had no idea that – Wait." John tried to extricate himself from the embrace, but Sherlock refused to get off his lap.
Victor exhaled the air from his lungs as if he needed to gain time in order to find the right words. After he'd drunk some tea and set the cup down again, he turned to face John. An insincere smile tugged at the corners of his mouth.
"Hm... the blood tests all look good, but your hormones are pretty out of whack. It's possible for that to be expressed through feelings of tiredness and fatigue," Mike explained. He reached for his stethoscope as he got up. "Take off that shirt, if you would, and sit up on the exam table." When Mike noticed Sherlock's hesitation and widened eyes, he shrugged apologetically. "Don't worry, it's nothing I haven't seen a thousand times before. Just set your mind at ease."
"It's... it's okay," John said softly without resuming his motions, but also without withdrawing. "It doesn't bother me. Kissing you, I mean. It's... the hormones. Completely normal." His voice sounded gentle – too gentle – as if he were soothing a child after it had made a major misstep.
"Hm?"
If those drugs came from McAllister, there might have been a connection between Moran and Victor that he hadn't been aware of. Had John realised what that connection was, or had his relationship to Victor assumed a very different character in the wake of Sherlock's death?
We’re early, so we take our time climbing the 12 steps to the museum entrance. We make a left through the Bookshop, then turn right past the Assyrian Transept and large Egyptian sculptures before following the stairs to the basement.
Summer makes way to Fall, and Fall to Winter. I have to say that I never imagined myself living in the country and raising flowers and vegetables with Sherlock Holmes. But if I’m honest with myself, I’d be happy anywhere as long as Sherlock is with me. Sherlock is home.
I wake up alone the next morning and practically jump out of bed and run into the living room. Sherlock’s sitting in his chair drinking a cup of tea.
“What the…” I turn to Sherlock, who’s been leaning against the wall staring at his shoes since he finished his statement. “Sherlock, what did you tell him?”
“Of course, Dr Johansen.” They shake hands and we leave the office.
“Baker Street, of course. Taxi!”
“Sherlock wasn’t at the warehouse when we got there, John. Mycroft’s on his way; he’ll need your statement.“
. I felt his presence in my mind – searching, probing – trying to exert control over me. I was frozen in place; helpless.
to be disturbed under any circumstances – Sherlock and I fortify ourselves with sandwiches and tea, while the elder Holmes brother makes several phone calls.
I count to ten before following. Sherlock’s curled on his side, sobs wracking his body. My heart breaks to see him like this, but it won’t do him any good if I break down too. I have to be strong for both of us.
“Yes; you said that you’d deleted the information about the Earth revolving around the Sun.”
-	H.P. Lovecraft,
“You two are insufferable.” Mycroft replies sternly.
And here I am getting all maudlin, despite the fact I haven’t had anything stronger than tea or juice since we arrived here ten months ago. Sherlock is starting to get restless, and I’m not sure what to do. We can only play so many games of Operation, Cluedo or cards. I should have realized that once Winter got here, things would change.
I have a strong sense of déjà vu as Sherlock walks around the living room. It’s been close to a year since he was released from hospital, but I fear the shadow of Cthulhu will always hang over us. How I wish I could delete things from my brain as easily as he.
His voice is otherworldly; deeper than his normal baritone. He reaches up and caresses my cheek, careful of the injury.
It’s a man… a human. His skin is pale as death; dark brown curls cover his bowed head. He’s naked – feet together with legs slightly spread; arms crossed at the chest like some Egyptian mummy.
by Daniel Harms.
Mycroft is quiet for a moment, as if deciding his next move. He looks over at me before answering. “The decision is out of my hands. Dr Watson speaks on my brother’s behalf.”
Now I’m really getting worried. Sherlock has been acting strangely all morning. He’s barely said two words to me, and he keeps staring out the window towards the shed.
The MI6 teams are deployed around the warehouse perimeter to cover the exits, with one team assigned to Mycroft, Greg and myself to enter through the main doors. We’re only going to get one chance at this, so I say a silent prayer that we get Sherlock back and in one piece.
We both settle in our chairs before I answer. “Sherlock, you know you can talk to me about anything, right? If there’s something bothering you or upsetting you or if I do something you don’t like… you can talk to me about it. I won’t get mad, but I need you to tell me how you’re feeling. I can’t always tell.”
Sherlock pulls away, winces, and places a hand on his chest. “I can still feel where he clawed me.”
“Sherlock, what’s wrong?”
I reach over and take his hand in mine. “Sherlock, I would
“No… I…” Sherlock grabs a box of tissues from the bedside table, blows his nose and wipes his eyes. “John, I want to go away… away from London.” He sits up and leans against the headboard, but never lets go of my hand. “I want to go somewhere where empty buildings don’t remind me of blood and monsters and everything that happened to me. Where there’s peace and quiet and fresh air, and I can be left alone. Just the two of us, John. Please…”
October 2018
“Just trying to make conversation.”
“Come in, John; have a seat.”
He turns to leave, but hesitates at the door. “Are you sure you wish to pursue this line of inquiry? I’m not a superstitious man, Sherlock, but I fear this course of action will have dire consequences for one or both of you.”
“Where’s Sherlock? These are his favourite biscuits.”
Lestrade looks from me to Sherlock and back again. He’s truly torn about asking for our help.
After I’ve told her everything, I carry the tea tray down to her flat for her, and I promise I’ll keep her informed. Now all I can do is wait and hope.
“You were right, John.”
I look over at the mountain of cardboard and just shake my head. “Where the hell do we start?”
“Ah… that’s why I don’t remember. Seems a bit out of character for Mycroft though.”
Sherlock pauses and takes a deep shuddering breath. I don’t interrupt, even though all I want to do is run over and gather him in my arms. He has to do this at his own pace.
Sherlock twists around and leans closer against John for support, releases John's arm on his stomach and instead grabs his neck, pulling him deeper into the kiss.
"You're talking about that self-help book again, aren't you?" Sherlock raised one eyebrow challengingly, and saw John nod.
"You're not even listening to me!" Sherlock cried unhappily and stood up. "I didn't say a word to Mycroft about your family!"
Tom rolled his eyes in annoyance, lay down on the sleeping bag in the middle, and gave Victor a furious look.
"I have to ask myself when you've ever told me the truth," John muttered unhappily. He fished the pot of salve out of his pocket and tossed it onto Sherlock's lap. "Here, take this. And don't you dare try to pretend you're not in pain."
Sherlock swallowed hard and tried not to get distracted by the answering twinge in his crotch. He felt all too clearly as his own cock stiffened and pre-ejaculate fluid leaked out the tip, where it promptly soaked into the material of his underpants. Sherlock passed his tongue nervously over his lips and wondered whether he could take another step closer to John's room without giving himself away.
of individual buttons as he tore them off his shirt. As soon as he reached the corridor outside of Sherlock's bedroom, he pumped his twitching erection a couple of times to reduce the uncomfortable pressure. The scent was so heavy here that it made him feel drowsy, as if he were encased in billows of satin.
... Victor thought to himself, catching Sherlock's glassy stare.
"Harry?"
John pressed the hand under his t-shirt more firmly against his shoulder. "You felt it, didn't you? When I was shot?"
In the next moment, a scream ricocheted off the walls surrounding them. When Sherlock reached the intersection, he saw a beta lying bleeding on the ground, both hands frantically gripping her neck. The – now very likely – attacker and killer had run a few more steps, a large mirror shard in one hand. Blood dripped from the tip, staining his fist. His eyes were wild, a combination of terror and fury distorting his youthful visage.
John barked out a joyless laugh. Was this a test? Did Mycroft want to see how much John suspected, or how much he had learned from Sherlock in the two years they'd worked together? Or was he simply trying to find out how much additional information he would have to reveal in order to satisfy John's curiosity?
Sherlock's hand on his neck holds him close to his pliant body, nails clawing into his skin. The muscles in his arms protest under the weight he's supporting but John doesn't care. He’s too fascinated by the spectacle that is Sherlock. Over and over again, his mouth is in contact with Sherlock's skin, enjoying the salt and Sherlock's very own taste.
"Where are you going?" John asked, all sleepy and rumpled.
Sighing, John takes a tea towel and starts drying the dishes.
John shook his head again. A frown line had developed between his eyebrows. "But if I understand correctly, you just sniff your family member's neck and … what's supposed to happen?"
"Fine, nothing happened."
John quickly slipped out of his clothes as well and scooted up onto the mattress beside Sherlock. He held out his arms in invitation and smiled with relief when his omega wasted no time cuddling up to him. He gently scratched his fingers through the soft hair at the back of Sherlock's neck and sniffed at him discreetly.
"I assume he's gone to work," Sherlock stated, clearing his throat lightly. There was no reason to worry his landlady just because his alpha might have finally buggered off once and for all.
"Home. Now." Sherlock murmurs. Spots of heat are appearing on his cheeks and neck and send a promising tingle through John’s limbs.
The piece of paper in his hand looked exactly like the letters that Sherrinford had sent to Sherlock all those years ago. The same yellowed paper, the same angular typeface from an old-fashioned typewriter, the same ink-stamped silhouette of a flying bird on the envelope.
"As well as can be expected given the circumstances, I'd say; no better than I was," John said, and tightened his grip around Sherlock's waist before lifting his eyes to meet Sherlock's penetrating gaze. He realised there was much more to say on the topic of Victor Trevor, but this wasn't the right time, even if he didn't want to keep what had happened between him and Victor secret from Sherlock forever. All of those thoughts must have been written all over John's face, if he was interpreting Sherlock's expression correctly. When had he ever been able to keep anything from Sherlock?
Just at the moment when he'd pushed the plunger all the way to the bottom of the syringe and the drug rushed into his blood, I swung down from the wooden crate and stepped out of the shadows. I knew that I had less than a minute before the effects set in.
John writhed beneath Sherlock, filled up and utterly immersed, urging him onward with his hands and whispered words, pressing against him with feet and calves. Sparks danced across his skin. His blood boiled in his veins.
******
"Are you certain the alphas weren't simply trying to protect their omegas by accepting the lion's share of the blame for themselves? Wouldn't you also try to shield me, purely on instinct?" Sherlock asked sharply.
"It's not a current report, it's almost two years old. I was taking Seven regularly at the time. I assume you know what that is?" Sherlock asked.
The holidays were strenuous, but John was glad to be able to perform his familial duties after such a long time away. His proud parents wanted to hear every detail of what they imagined was his very exciting life, while Harry lounged moodily around on the couch, drinking cheap eggnog straight out of the bottle.
"What? In love? What makes you say that?!" she asked, completely flustered, while she hurriedly mopped up the water with a tea towel.
"It's better this way. More room for everyone," his flatmate announced and clapped her hands. Grinning broadly, she went back into the kitchen to work on dinner some more. She put on a pair of oven mitts and took a baking sheet with a batch of cupcakes out of the oven. There were more already cooling on the kitchen table.
"Are you ready?" John asked, his voice thick, and Sherlock felt every fibre of his being hum in response.
Of course he was well aware that Sherlock had only mentioned John's lack of contact with his family and friends as a distraction from his insecurity following his appointment with Mike. Still, his omega had touched on a sore spot and was completely correct with his accusation that John had been isolating himself.
Long after midnight, John fell asleep while reading in his chair. The book slips from his hand and startles him when it hits the ground. Somewhere at the edge of his perception, John drowsily notices how Sherlock picks it up, finds the page John was at and marks it. After he’s spread a blanket over John, he sits back in front of the laptop or types messages to Inspector Lestrade on his phone.
"Yeah, I've read about it. Sherlock – "
Victor leaned his lower arm against the tree, the other hand resting on his hip. An unspoken challenge hovered in the air between them. But Sherlock wouldn't let himself be intimidated, and adamantly stood his ground. Of course he knew Victor had claimed this spot for himself, in a manner of speaking, as his own personal place to sit. He also knew that Victor assumed Sherlock hadn't noticed him. The guy's ego had to be enormous if he simply couldn't imagine that anyone might not be interested in him.
John's gaze falls on the option that would let the wide end or the base of the toy vibrate to stimulate one of two erogenous zones, or both simultaneously. For starters, John chooses the default setting which stimulates both areas evenly and at the same time. Once activated, John is immediately flooded with the desire to try every variation possible until he finds the one that Sherlock likes best. Perhaps he would even be brave enough to ask Sherlock his opinion later on. For the moment, however, John has enough on his plate trying to deal with his own reactions.
should know," Sherlock said. His heart pounded nervously in his chest, and his palms were damp with perspiration.
"This is ridiculous," Sherlock said, running a shaky hand through his hair.
can't stop...
"Sherlock."
Sherlock snorted with contempt. "You're always such a drama queen, Mycroft!"
John turned to the elder Holmes and caught his eye. It was more than unusual for Mycroft to allow anything like weakness to show through his icy facade, and John knew right away that he was doing it for John's sake. Mycroft had been duped as well, robbed of his sense of security, and had had to pay for it. For a man whose trust was difficult to win in the first place, a betrayal like this must be difficult to bear.
Sherlock wanted to protest, but Victor shook his head. "It's all right. It doesn't change anything about how I feel. I'll always be there for you, Sherlock. Which doesn't mean I'm not still bloody angry with you!" Victor furrowed his brow and gave Sherlock a sober look. "Why are you here and not at the hospital with John?"
As soon as they were a short distance away from the bar, John pushed Victor's arm off his shoulder and chuckled wearily. He followed Victor to the wall behind the dance floor, where there were several booths in a row. Each one boasted a corner bench and a table. They were lucky: a couple was just leaving, so they slipped inside and sat down.
"Lost."
"No, how should I?" Sherlock said, the bitterness in his tone unmistakable.
John realised immediately that Moriarty was going to force Sherlock to make a choice.
Sherlock also seemed to have taken note of the indicators. He stiffened markedly and turned away. "Come. There's nothing for us to do here anyway."
They'd met at a club. A dark underground room somewhere in the labyrinthine back alleys of Camden. A club run by omegas, for omegas – in particular those who had one or the other bone to pick regarding their 'better half.'
She glanced at her daughter's fragile frame with a troubled expression.
Sherlock started and fell silent when a sharp knock sounded at the door. A young woman poked her head in, glancing back and forth between Lestrade and Sherlock. "Mr Holmes is here..." she said and pushed the door open further to usher Mycroft into the cramped room.
"It went so far as me packing my bags and going back to Abby's for the rest of the holidays. She was at her parents' for the holidays, so I had the flat to myself. Three days later, Sherlock appeared at the door. He looked miserable. He asked to stay with me for a couple of days before I flew back to the States. Of course I agreed." Victor sighed again and rubbed his thighs nervously with his palms, as if he expected a negative reaction from John.
"You will do no such thing!"
"Sorry..."
They found him several days later, half-starved and covered with bloody scratches and bruises in some back alley. He'd never told anyone that he'd got into it with several denizens of the streets, and ended up with the short end of the stick every time.
How could that arrogant know-it-all, that catastrophe of a human being, just burst into his life without so much as a by-your-leave and claim a part of him – no, steal it – without having even the faintest idea of the consequences??
Sherlock stretched as far as he could whilst in John's lap, and scratched his stomach, which emitted an audible rumble. He looked up in surprise.
"Are you trying to set me up with him? Did he resent your little prank so much that you're trying to make up for your mistake now?" Walters asked, clearly annoyed, as he searched Victor's blue eyes for an answer.
Two days after Christmas, John boarded the train to Leeds to go to Bill and Cilia's.
John puts his hands on Sherlock's shoulders, stroking his cheek, his neck, weaving his fingers into the dark brown curls. When he feels Sherlock's shaky gasps in between kisses, he opens his eyes.
"Let's get out of here," Victor said, grabbing Sherlock's wrist to pull him along, summarily declaring his working day over.
"Mycroft, to what do we owe the honour?"
Sherlock couldn't help noticing that John was avoiding any more intimate parts of his body, not even trying to seek a path underneath his layers of clothing to establish skin contact. That was probably because of their previous conversation about Jean-Baptiste and Hector Martin, whose relationship appeared to have been far from consensual and healthy.
He watched the ashes on the end of his cigarette glow as he sucked on it, and blew the smoke up into the morning sky over the Thames. He carelessly tapped his fingers against the filter, flicking the ashes over the turquoise railing, then watched as they were carried off by the East wind, and smiled.
"He's simply wonderful, Johnny."
He tossed his head back and moaned with abandon as his muscles contracted, seizing the erection inside him with an iron grip.
The omega woman nodded to him, then turned her pointed gaze on Sherlock as if trying to force him to say something. But Sherlock had lost any interest on interacting with members of his family. He knew that wasn't fair to Anthea – she couldn't do anything about Mycroft's behaviour, and it was her birthday after all – but the fact that she allowed herself to be treated that way without standing up for herself had always driven Sherlock up the wall.
"You know, I was happy when Mycroft told me you would be living with us again for a while, because I was looking forward to finally having someone around who knows what it's like to be an omega. But you, Sherlock Holmes, you're a bitter, spiteful child who has no idea what real life is like! You spread your poison around because you can't see how good you have it. Not many omegas can say they made a good choice with their alpha, and you? You just got lucky! And you don't want to – or can't – see how lucky you are, because you're too arrogant and self-centred." Anthea leaned one hand on the bed, held her substantial abdomen with the other, and stood up.
"I'm going to the shops, you coming?"
"Yes...
A hoarse laugh erupted from John's throat at the thought, only to end in a choked-off sob. Struggling to maintain control, he mechanically checked the vitals displayed on the screen of the heart monitor, along with the IV settings.
Mycroft sighed again and interlaced his fingers. He hesitated for a couple of long seconds before looking at John and beginning to speak. "It is to be presumed that your connection to Sherlock is the relevant point here, John. Ever since that article, it's no longer a secret what your relationship was, and the assumption that you would come straight to me is obvious – as we can see."
"Oh," was all he managed to get out. "What happens with... How...?"
"Tea?"
It took a while for Sherlock's breathing to normalise. John held him close the whole time, rubbing his bare back.
That they didn't understand love...
"John?"
"I have things to do," Sherlock retorted, although he did take a grateful sip of the hot beverage.
"Is that all?" Sherlock prodded.
"Mycroft..." Sherlock whispered, already fighting back a fresh wave of tears.
As if on command, a broad-shouldered man entered the room. His face was covered by a ski mask and his clothes were completely black, so that it was difficult to make out any identifying marks. He roughly shoved a delicate figure into the room, at whose sight Sherlock's despair flared up once more.
Bill shrugged and continued sorting bandages and sterile instruments into the appropriate drawers and cupboards.
. And yours have been waiting for a very long time, Mycroft."
"Yes, I took the day off seeing as I've barely had a wink of sleep for the past few days," John replied.
When Victor woke up the next morning, he was alone in bed. It took him a moment to orient himself, but then he remembered the previous night right away. Valentine's Day, the encounter with Ryan Walters and Sherlock right here in this hotel, and a... oh, right... The aches and dull pains in his body generated a series of mixed feelings. He turned onto his side, buried his face in the crook of his elbow, and snorted unhappily.
"Ready when you are, John."
"You've seen a lot of injuries, violent deaths. Bit of trouble too, I bet."
"Sherlock," John whispered again, although this time devoid of any intention to stop him. He gazed down at him expectantly, waiting to see what the next step would be that he decided on.
"Is that all?" Mycroft inquired coolly. Resentment flared in John. Was Mycroft making fun of him?
"John..." Sherlock's voice failed. Half choking, he lowered his head into the crook of John's neck and clung to his alpha with all his might. "You're the best... person I know. And... and I... I'm so glad that you... love me." The last two words were barely more than a whisper.
The cover advertised an interview with Richard Moran, who had married a beta barely three months after the rupture, and was planning a move to Liverpool. It was hard to say whether it was a knee-jerk reaction to the media scrutiny, or whether Richard had perhaps even met his new partner during his bond with Lord Moran. At any rate, Sherlock found the plan to be hasty and ill-considered, but in the end it was none of his business how Richard wanted to conduct his life from here on out.
John tossed and turned. He couldn't sleep. It was almost three a.m., but all of the information he'd gathered over the past couple of days was still buzzing and whirring in his head.
Victor spent a couple of days working a temp job in a nightclub. He did that frequently during the semester breaks, helping out when he was needed, even working behind the bar sometimes. It was a good way to distract himself, to clear his mind and flirt with no strings attached. Especially when he took on the role of bartender, where he was constantly surrounded by people who wanted to talk to him, and he was happy to take advantage of the opportunity.
He'd crossed half the park before slowing his pace, still refusing to admit to himself that the bloody omega was right and the impairment in his leg was psychosomatic. He gritted his teeth, thinking of the cane which still lay in front of 221B, mocking him by its mere existence. He irritably swiped the image from his mind.
"Hey, Sherlock. I brought food." John smiles self-consciously and goes directly into the kitchen to avoid the storm-blue eyes.
John made a confused sound and frowned sourly. "You're right, it isn't fair. It's completely understandable that you're upset by the decision. But what about the case? Could they exclude Sebastian as a suspect?"
"What can you tell me about him?"
"You don't have to do this," John said to Victor in a low voice.
"I have no idea what you're talking about!" the omega hissed.
"What do you mean?" John asked as he suckled on the skin at Sherlock's nape, nibbling it lightly. "Because it was the first time you had sex during a heat with me?"
The woman he knew as Mary Morstan revealed a row of white teeth and gave him a teasing but not unfriendly grin. Her glee at John's stunned reaction was written all over her face.
"John..."
John pulled a face at the list, but tried not to let his discomfort show, making only an affirmative sound.
Sherlock inhaled with surprise. "Love?"
"No, not at all."
They walked to the toilets together. John muttered something along the lines of "I can't if you're watching," deciding to urinate in one of the stalls for that reason while Victor headed for the pissoirs. John had barely closed the door behind himself, however, before he let out a frustrated sound: the tiles and floor were clearly stained with traces of dried semen. Not one, not two, but three condoms lay around or floated in the porcelain bowl.
As long as he'd known the Holmes brothers, the relationship between Sherlock and Mycroft had always been fraught, and now he understood why. In spite of all the conflicts and venomous battles of words that John had witnessed between the two of them, he'd always had the sense that Mycroft cared deeply about Sherlock.
And John did.
And we are back to Bryn's POV.
Last year, Jim sent Sally on what she claimed to be the best hunt of her life. He promised that it would get better every year.
“Ethe-- ethereal?” Sherlock stuttered. John thinks he’s…
As the car drove away from the graveyard, Mycroft clenched and unclenched his fists, two sides of him battling in his head. Ultimately he decided to disclose it to Gregory, knowing that it would be much safer for him to know what enemies are constantly around him, than to die one day without knowing why.
“You are doing great Doctor Watson. We just need to sort out the paperwork and you are free to go home! I heard someone is coming to take you into protective custody for the trial, yes?”
“Dimmock’s on his way. I’m not supposed to be here!” Lestrade yelled from the entrance of the tunnel, motioning for Mycroft to leave.
“Mother. Why isn’t there breakfast?” Sherlock asked when he sat down at the table the following morning while John walked to the counter to make coffee.
because Mother does not approve of a three-piece suit at the family table). He pulled on a cashmere wool jumper on top of his crisp white shirt. When Greg came out of the ensuite, he did a double take at his fiance.
“Murder of passion, obvious.”
Throughout the years, Sally had left fake clues for the consulting detective, leading him around the block. Of course, she couldn’t have done it on her own. She had help from Sherlock’s nemesis, Moriarty.
“Nothing specific. But you can tell them what you think of this offer, if it is legit, just to give them peace of mind. I believe you’ll be able to decide that for yourself after tonight.”
“More, Sherl--
And she did.
“I want you John.” His eyes were gleaming in the morning sunlight.
Sally let out a short sob before she continued, raising her head slightly and looked at the detective’s eyes through her lashes.
And Sherlock was dropped. He pulled John along with the chair he was bound to, slightly to the left when the arrow was released, brushing past John’s right shoulder, striking Shan’s henchman straight in his torso.
“Moriarty.” John said under his breath. “Sherlock, did you see-- Sherlock?” John looked around and realised the familiar figure of his husband was missing.
“Nope.” Sherlock retorted, popping his ‘p’. “It’ll be you next year. But for now, please. I can’t wait any longer for you to
### ### Author’s POV ### ###
“This is…”
I will keep writing. This will keep me alive.
As I ran out of the building with Anthea’s mother in my arms, my heart tightened, my stomach churned, my mind went blank. All I could think of was how he always drew the shorter straw since I came back to service - the undercover work, the cleanups, and now he had to deal with the explosives while I sneak the old lady out of the building.
But deep down, Sherlock had already decided that the answer was only sweater, specifically to ugly horrendous-looking sweaters.
“I thought I did. I was still processing the emotions around it. I just dumped that piece of information into a storage room and put a red tape on top of it. I didn’t get a chance to put a note on top. This morning when I was doing some
John chuckled. “Rarely sleep my arse.”
Sherlock was standing in the middle of the flat in John’s favourite beige jumper.
I nodded, grinning like a fool. I couldn’t help it, knowing that she’s comfortable around me. Trust was not easy to come by in our field of work, even if we had gone through life and death together. We have all heard of stories about spies who die in the enemy’s camp without being caught out.
A child.
Shan had tried to run in all that commotion, but Mycroft’s men had gotten to her first. They kept her pinned at a corner of the tunnel, waiting for Mycroft. After Sherlock had took John out of the tunnel, he turned and went straight to where Shan was.
John nodded excitedly. There were tears rolling off his cheeks when Sherlock pulled out a velvet box with a ring inside.
“Really?” John couldn’t believe it. Just when he thought their relationship had moved from Consulting Detective/Blogger to partners...
“I won’t promise to give you an answer, but go ahead and ask.”
Sherlock knew John saw through his act, and decided to let go, letting his emotions take over this once.
“I can very well protect myself! Is there anyway to send him a message? If you can, tell him he’s a class-A prick, and I don’t need him to sacrifice himself!”
A few things went through my mind about its existence.
“Are you sure it’s a good idea to let Sally interrogate Kate?”
?” Greg teased, then walked over to slowly undress Mycroft, pulling the jumper off him, then unbuttoning the shirt, pulling it off Mycroft’s shoulder. His fingers lingered when it grazed over Mycroft’s chest. A sharp breath was drawn between them, but neither man knew who it was. The DI shook his head, the went to the chest drawer behind him and looked for another shirt.
Chinese conversations -
They had taken John.
“The emotional line or the physical line?”
“Make it three.” She said and hung up.
“It’s a contract. Confidential agreement. Anything you hear about my work from now on has to never leave your mind, not even at the tip of your tongue.” He sat down next to the DI and handed him a pen. “Take your time to read it, but I am about to tell you what I really do for a living.”
Sherlock’s barely in the flat before he starts stripping off; he heads straight for the loo. I go to the bedroom and get him clean pants, pyjamas, a t-shirt and his dressing gown, then join him.
“I love you too, Sherlock, but right now my knees are killing me.” I get up slowly and we both move to the sofa.
And then he smiles. That beautiful smile that lights up his whole face and leaves crinkles at the corners of his eyes. Oh, yes, Sherlock Holmes knows exactly where he wants to go.
“Of course he doesn’t, John, because there’s nothing wrong with me.”
As promised, a car picks me up and brings me home from hospital. First thing I do is take a hot shower and shave. I look like I’ve gone a few rounds with Sam Sexton, but at least both eyes are now open. I make a quick breakfast, then call Mycroft.
-	H.P. Lovecraft,
Before me is a huge, shapeless thing that blocks the path. It’s at least five meters in length, resembling an amoeba, made of iridescent black slime; its mouth, or what goes for one, is filled with long needle-like teeth. Hundreds of eyes cover the surface of its body, and all of them are fixed on me. I catch movement in my peripheral vision, and I notice the creatures are everywhere. I’m surrounded, with no possibility of escape.
Sherlock buries his face in his hands and begins to cry. I jump up from my chair and go to him, but he pushes me away and runs into the bedroom. This isn’t good.
“I’m sorry, John. That was insensitive of me. The only reason you stayed awake as long as you did was to ensure my safety. It couldn’t have been comfortable sleeping in that chair. Do you need a massage?”
We spend the rest of the day packing and making arrangements for our return to London.
“That would be me,” I answer. “Doctor John Watson; I’m Sherlock’s civil partner.”
“Any word on Sherlock?”
The ground begins to slope downward at a steep angle. Someone's installed a temporary rope fence which helps slow our descent and keeps us from pitching onto our faces (or falling on our arses). Nothing surrounds us but an oppressive blackness that grows stronger the further we proceed.
“Not exactly. Has he said anything to you about wanting to leave London?”
“Mind palace,” he says. “I retreated to the vault in my mind palace. It’s impenetrable… even to psychic attack it seems.”
“It would be if there were any service in here.” Sherlock finishes the section he’s copying, gathers up all the books and returns them to their case. “We can come back tomorrow, or I can come alone if necessary and finish this.” He clasps me on the shoulder and adds, “Thank you for your help. ” After he collects the papers we’ve copied, he goes to the door and picks up the phone. A few minutes later Professor Abernathy releases us, and we leave the museum.
cheat on you –
We begin to fall into a daily routine: wake up, shower (separately), breakfast, Sherlock checks the hives (and extracts honey when necessary), while I clean up and read the papers, then a walk into town (if we need supplies), or just around the property. Sherlock and I even work in the garden together (his excuse is that the flowers are important for the production of honey).
“Not right now. The hot shower’s helped, but I’ll take a raincheck.”
suggest that you shoot up with something so we can test your theory.”
We arrive at Dr Johansen’s at 9:00 and are ushered into his office after a few minutes.
“Well, it’s either that or I fill a cup and dump it over your head.”
His time spent in the shed has been gradually increasing a bit more each day. I leave him alone for the most part – I don’t want him to think that I’m hovering – but the truth is, I worry about him constantly. Sherlock is a great actor, and knows how to conceal or suppress his emotions when he thinks it’s to his advantage; or to prevent upsetting me.
“What? No… no, he hasn’t. I’m lucky I can get him to go outside most days. He still has a lot of problems with crowds.”
Sherlock quickens his pace, moving ahead of Lestrade and me, but stops suddenly and looks up. He’s pointing his torch towards the ceiling, but all I can see is an endless darkness in all directions. That is, until I’m standing next to him.
“It’s just a black eye, Mrs Hudson,” I say as I pour tea for both of us.
“Greg, it’s okay mate. We’re here for you.” I add, hoping to sway his decision.
As one, they drop to their knees. Hell, I’m tempted to join them. There’s power behind his voice – the air is thick with it.
-	H.P. Lovecraft,
“Alright, John. I’ll see what I can do.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Well, that's it. Technically, this is my first piece of Sherlock fanfiction, although I've been writing for years in other fandoms. There were times I had to literally drag the words out of Sherlock and John, but we made it to the end eventually.
We sit in silence for a few moments while Sherlock and I finish our tea. He then sets the cup down and clears his throat.
“Nonsense, Lestrade,” Sherlock replies, waving his hand dismissively. “In all the time we’ve known each other, the one thing you’ve never demonstrated is a lack of courage. I can only deduce by your current state that this case has something of the horrific about it; something so alien that it has turned your worldview on its ear.”
“Actually, I do have a question, Sherlock.”
“Do I have to?” Sherlock asks, but there’s a smile on his face.
There’s no sign of anyone at the scene, and I don’t hear any sirens in the distance. I ask the driver to radio for a status – the team is en route; ETA is 10 minutes.
“I’m Sherlock’s brother; and the one who’ll be paying the bills.”
Portable lights have been set up to illuminate the rear of the building, but there’s enough sunlight coming in through the skylights for us to see where we’re going. The concrete floor is covered in several centimetres of dust and debris, and we pick our way through the refuse until we’re at the back wall.
“And if our roles were reversed?”
The heart attack wasn’t too serious – although there was total blockage of one artery. A stent was inserted and I spent a couple of days in hospital. Sherlock never left my side once I was out of surgery, and no one dared ask him to leave. Mycroft may have had something to do with that.
We’re dropped off at Baker Street by one of Mycroft’s private cars. Mrs Hudson is out of town visiting her sister, so it’s just the two of us.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Have a seat, John.” Sherlock gestures towards the two carrels against the far wall. There are several notepads and pens on the shelves above the main desktop areas. I sit – the chair is remarkably comfortable – and wait to find out why we’re here.
Our lives once again fall into a semblance of normality. Sherlock and I solve cases together for another 10 years or so, until a heart attack fells me while chasing a suspect down one of London’s countless alleys. Lucky for me I was ahead of Sherlock this time. I’ll never forget the look on his face – he was terrified. That’s not a look I ever want to see on my husband again. Yes… husband. Sherlock and got married not long after the whole Cthulhu business.
Sherlock’s been in the shed for over an hour. He has to be cold. I’ll bring him some hot chocolate. That way I can check on him.
“Do you want me to come in with you?”
After a couple hours, I turn to Sherlock and ask, “Wouldn’t it just be easier to take photos of the books?” I stand and stretch, then walk around a bit. My hand has totally cramped up, and I don’t think I could write another word if I wanted to. This is worse than sitting for A-Levels.
“I’ll see you next week, Sherlock.”
“What’s happened?” I inquire.
He reaches down, wipes the tears from my face and smiles. That smile… the one I fell in love with so many years ago; the one he showed only to me.
It's after midnight before we finally get to bed; I drop off almost immediately. Sherlock must have gotten back up because the next thing I know, I'm awoken by blood curdling screams coming from the living room. I grab my gun from the bedside table and rush in to find Sherlock on the sofa – alone, curled in a foetal position.
After we eat, I wash the dishes and let them dry in the rack, before Sherlock and I go outside to enjoy a walk in the afternoon sun.
“I’m afraid that I cannot comply with your request. The British Government does not have in its possession any such materials.”
The place is eerily quiet. I assume they’ve taken Sherlock to the monolith room, so I try to remember my way there. The smell of rotting fish is almost overwhelming, but at least I know I’m going in the right direction.
“Now you’re just showing off.” I chuckle.
“Yes...”
-	H.P. Lovecraft,
Before my partner can offer a witty retort, the kettle whistles and I go into the kitchen to make us tea.
I’m dropped near the base of the statue. The ground is wet and sticky with fresh blood. I manage to get to my knees and look towards the idol. Sherlock is sitting in the space between the creature’s feet; he’s naked and covered in blood. He rises slowly and approaches me.
“Yes, Sherlock.”
Sherlock hails a cab and gives the cabbie the address, “Convoys Wharf, Deptford Dockyard.”
I’m drawn to him. As I move closer, he raises his head and locks his eyes to mine.
I walk into the shed – Sherlock’s sitting in a chair, eyes closed. He looks like he’s asleep. I put the cocoa on the table and go over to him.
“Perhaps due to my family history, I have come to believe that there are higher powers in the universe – both good and evil. Your brother isn’t the first patient I’ve treated who’s been affected by Cthulhu or his followers; and I’m sure he won’t be the last. But I assure you, Mr Holmes, there is no one better qualified to care for him than me.”
“Let me have a look.”
After looking through the case opened by the Professor, Sherlock returns with several books. “I’m afraid this is going to be very tedious, John, but necessary. We need to go through these books and find any and all references to Cthulhu. Don’t worry if they’re in another language, just copy the text. We can always translate them later.”
“John… is everything alright?”
“So why have you asked us here, Mycroft?” Sherlock questions.
-	H.P. Lovecraft,
Sherlock sits back and assumes what I call his ‘thinking pose’ – eyes closed; fingers steepled in front of his mouth. I have a feeling that neither of us will be getting any more sleep tonight, so I go into the kitchen and put the kettle on. While the water is heating, I return my revolver to the bedroom, grab Sherlock’s dressing gown from the back of the door, then head back to the living room. The sofa’s empty; Sherlock’s rooting through one of the cardboard boxes.
security protecting this Necronomicon. A steel gate, once again with a numerical key pad, blocks our way. Professor Abernathy opens it, points us to the respective case, then unlocks it with a key from around his neck. They certainly aren't taking any chances on anyone making off with any of these books.
Two weeks go by and still no sign of Sherlock or the cultists. Oh, there have been lots of leads and false trails, but nothing solid. At this point I would do anything to get him back. Out of desperation, I start going through Dr Abernathy’s research again, box by box.
“If you want to go out and work on your experiments, you can Sherlock. Just remember, it’s going to be freezing in there, even with the space heater.”
He doesn’t respond, so I reach out and shake his shoulder. “Sherlock? Sherlock!”
“Sorry? Sorry for what, Sherlock? You’re the victim here. Nothing you did or had done to you was your fault, and no one is going to blame you for it, especially not me.”
I don’t say that out loud. Of course Sherlock would notice my body’s reactions during a nightmare. He notices everything, especially since we’ve become lovers. I smile and pull him down for a quick kiss.
It’s been snowing for hours. The grounds are a pristine blanket of white. There’s nothing moving except for the gentle fall of the snowflakes; the only sound is the crackle of the fireplace before me.
“Bring him back to me, Dr Johansen.”
There’s tea waiting when I get out.
“No; I’m alright, John. Just let me rest for a minute.” He closes his eyes and pauses briefly before speaking again. “In all my years on the force, I’ve never seen anything like this; I can’t get the images out of my head. I… Oh, Christ…”
I phone Lestrade and Mycroft, and fifteen minutes later the three of us, together with several teams of MI6 agents, are speeding through the night on what I hope is a rescue mission.
“The remains of ten individuals were found, however, there were no intact bodies. They’d all been torn apart.” Mycroft pales slightly.
I dare a glance behind me; the creatures are still following, but at a leisurely pace. They don’t seem to be trying to overtake me, and I realize they are herding me – towards what horror I can’t imagine.
Dr Johansen turns to address him. “Mr Holmes, are you a religious man?”
“Technically, yes, but…”
Both men, I learn later, are in their early 50’s. But if someone were to ask me to guess their ages, I would have said that Professor Abernathy is much older. His face is lined with wrinkles, shoulders stooped, and he leans heavily on a cane. His hair is pure white, but his green eyes are alert – darting here and there – never settling on one thing for too long. It’s he who begins the questioning.
I’ve been going through our papers; trying to get affairs in order to make the process a smooth one. I don’t want strangers sorting through a lifetime worth of documents, just to end up tossing the lot. Most of the case files and related artifacts will go to the Royal Society, along with Sherlock’s scientific paraphernalia. That is, all the artifacts but one.
“There’s been no change in status regarding my brother, John. I have every resource available at my disposal searching for him and the members of the Cult of Cthulhu. According to Dr Abernathy, they are the largest faction of worshipers for the entity. I’ll advise you as soon as I receive any word. In the meantime, just stay at home and rest.”
“No buts, Greg. Scotland Yard was removed from the murder investigation at Caird and Rayner. This is a separate case, although the perpetrators may be one and the same. Work with me here, please.”
“One day at a time, Sherlock, remember? That’s what we decided on. We’ll stay here as long as you need to, and if that turns out to be for the rest of our lives, that’s fine. The village doctor is getting on in years; maybe I could take over his practice.”
This is too much of a coincidence. The crew has no idea what they’ve stumbled upon; what that island represents and the horrors that lie hidden deep beneath it – horrors that should never be released.
I sit down and pull him into my arms. He's shaking; I can feel his heart pounding against my chest.
Mycroft and I both look at each other with shocked expressions.
“I’m afraid it has. He’s been kidnapped.”
He doesn’t acknowledge me, just grabs his coat and scarf and runs out the back door.
We continue to walk for another several metres, with a gradual leveling of the dirt floor.  My torch beam catches something up ahead. As we get closer, I realize it’s yellow barricade tape. This must be the actual crime scene.
Everything is incredibly huge – greenish stone blocks of unbelievable size covered in mud and weeds, along with colossal statues and bas-reliefs. In addition to the immense size of the structures, the angles of the city look all wrong, as if it were made from non-Euclidean geometry and dimensions apart from our own.
Sherlock could be dead in that time, so I take off towards the service entrance we used the last time we were here; the door’s unlocked. I take a deep breath, switch on the torch and step inside.
“What! No, of course not! I gave you my sincerest promise that I would never takes drugs again unless you approved them for me. No, this is something completely different, John.
“Do you know the names of all these flowers and plants?”
long time. It’s tender and sweet and god how I’ve missed this. Afterwards I clean us both up and just hold him in my arms until we both fall asleep.
I get the grand tour of the place, including the hives, before we unpack and make lunch. The Hastings have thoroughly stocked the pantry, cabinets and refrigerator for us. It’s strange, but refreshing, to open the door and find food instead of body parts.
He doesn't answer immediately; just squeezes me tighter and buries his face against my shoulder. We sit this way for several minutes before he calms down enough to speak.
Mycroft waits until she leaves to address us. “Gregory and the rest of New Scotland Yard have been removed from further involvement in the Caird and Rayner murder case. In fact, the entire investigation has been transferred to the purview of MI6. Which means that you, brother mine, and Doctor Watson are off the case as well.”
Sherlock’s statement takes over an hour. I don’t know what he said, but Greg is visibly pale when he exits the interview room.
“I’m not sure. There was a great deal of blood at Caird and Rayner; very little at Convoys. The only thing I know about human sacrifice is what I’ve seen in horror films; but usually the victims’ throats are slit and the blood offered to the deity/entity to summon them to our plain. Once here, they require additional sacrifices of some sort. Our murder scenes follow that scenario to a tee.”
The fire’s died down and a sudden chill spreads through the cottage. Guess I should head up to bed.
“And how many at the second site?”
“Alright…” he sighs. “But if this gets to be too much, I want you to back away. You understand? You two have been through enough hell to last a lifetime. I’ll not add to it.”
I look at the man lying in the bed. Sherlock is wide awake and staring at me. I can’t decide if I want to hug him or smack him for being an arse.
“It’s not something I do often, Dr Johansen. But I’ve found that it is a very useful tool for me.”
“I just want to go home.” It comes out very much like the whine of a petulant child.
“There were ten bodies found there.”
Sherlock glances over at me and I nod. “Lestrade… you don’t have to ask. John and I will gladly offer any assistance you need on this case. You might be an Inspector with Scotland Yard, but you’re also our friend,
when I heard the voice – a voice not of this world! All I wanted to do was run away and scream in terror, but I could do neither. The words, John. It wanted me to say the words, and I
-	H.P. Lovecraft,
I end the call, grab my gun, a couple extra clips and a torch, and race down the stairs to the street.
Sherlock chuckles and takes a sip of his tea. “No, I don’t imagine you did.”
As for me, I’ve taken leave from the clinic. They were very supportive when I told them Sherlock had been kidnapped, but since I only work there two days a week, my absence won’t make that much of a difference, unless London is suddenly beset by an epidemic.
“God, Sherlock, don’t do that… But if you do feel that way, then maybe you should talk to a professional and sort those feelings out. And, no, I don’t mean Ella.”
I scream his name and take a step towards him.
My brother-in-law doesn’t look too well when he walks in the room. He and Greg have a private moment before he settles on the chair next to the bed.
I get a call from the clinic a short time later. Two of the other doctors have called out and they’re extremely short staffed.
It turns out Sherlock hasn’t sustained any serious physical injuries, but there’s always the psychological ones we can’t see. Sherlock’s offered the opportunity to take a shower at the hospital, but he refuses.
Before I can even form an answer, Sherlock quickly moves from the window, grabs my jacket and shoves me hard against the door to the flat.
“I’m sorry, John.”
I can’t get a clear shot so I yell, “Vatican Cameos.”
“Any time you’d like.”
“Take as long as you need, gentlemen. I'm afraid that I must lock you in here for security purposes. There's a phone by the door. It will automatically dial Dr Simondson's office and my own. One of us will come and let you out when you've finished. If we don’t answer after three rings, the call is forwarded to Security. That post is never vacant, so there’s no chance of you being stranded in here.”
short chapter.
“Morning, John.”
I must have dosed off while reading because the next thing I know it’s mid-morning. Sherlock’s covered me with a blanket; he’s sitting at the desk poring over more of Professor Abernathy’s documents.
-	H.P. Lovecraft,
Sherlock starts to sob and that’s when I go to him and wrap him tightly in my arms. Neither one of us says anything for a long time. Finally Sherlock pulls away and kisses my forehead.
Sherlock’s in the kitchen putting bread in the toaster. He walks over, wraps his arms around me and kisses my forehead.
I get to my feet and start towards him, but stop when I see his face. Sherlock’s eyes are two pools of liquid black, even the sclera.
the sound as well as hear it – at  the base of my skull. The closer we got to the statue, the stronger and louder the sound became, until my head was literally vibrating from the intensity; then it just stopped. And
Oh well… I take the luggage into the bedroom and unpack, then wash a load of laundry while Sherlock busies himself with his laptop. I sort through the mail, then start on the stack of newspapers Mrs Hudson has saved for us. I have a feeling Sherlock is going to want to get back to work once Dr Johansen releases him as a patient.
Detective Sergeant Sally Donovan is waiting with Lestrade at the main gate. She acknowledges us with a nod as we approach, but thankfully no snide comments are directed towards Sherlock. Her entire demeanor around him has changed ever since his return from the dead. Personally, I think she feels guilty about what she and Anderson did. I’m grateful she doesn’t accompany us inside.
Sherlock looks at me and smiles. “Go on.”
“I’m aware of that, John. It’s just… well, you know I’ve always found it difficult to express my emotions. At least it was until I met you. You… oh, John…”
Sherlock… It’s been two years and it still hurts to think about him. There are times I miss him so badly that I just want to end it all. But I know that’s not what he would have wanted. In fact, he made me promise that I wouldn’t join him until it was my time.
“Really?” I run a hand through my hair and take a deep breath. “Okay… Mycroft, do you or do you not know what the hell is wrong with Sherlock?”
“What did Dr Johansen want to speak to you about?” Sherlock asks once we get home. “I assume it was about me.”
“I’ve tracked his phone to Caird and Rayner. I’m sending a team there as we speak; a car is waiting for you downstairs.“
“I wonder if my drug use has somehow made me more susceptible to Cthulhu’s control.”
Sherlock is huddled on the sofa with a blanket wrapped around him. Mycroft is next to him. They both look up as I enter.
“And if I blame myself?”
“You need to slide down and wet your hair so I can wash it.”
“Did he say where he wanted to go?”
There’s a large opening at the top of the stairs – a doorway – but not one built by or for men. I step through and immediately lose my footing on some loose detritus. The wind is knocked out of me as I tumble down a steep incline for what seems like minutes, but is, in actuality, just a few seconds.
Sherlock and I are handed a pair of Type 2 Hazmat suits when we reach the entrance to the building. They're self- encapsulating, so we don't have to haul around an air tank as well.
“He isn’t. But something is holding him back. The most logical explanation would be a threat, on both yours and Rayna’s lives. If he stays away, you’re safe.”
But none of us had a chance.
It had been a roller coaster ride since Greg first found out that his wife was cheating. The first time he found out was six months after meeting one Mycroft Holmes,
Sherlock!” That was it. Sherlock had found the perfect angle. He shifted his knees a little to the left and pounded furiously. Every thrust was hard and fast, prodding at John’s prostate. He moved one hand away from John’s hip and down, wrapping his hand around John’s leaking cock. The bed sheets were definitely stained, and the hot length in his hand was throbbing with John’s every heartbeat.
“JOHN!” Sherlock yelled as he kicked down the door, grabbing the bottle away from John’s hands and threw it away from them. “He had a few mouthfuls down. Call the ambulance now!” He yelled towards Lestrade.
“And we are going out, and possibly have a lot of fun?”
They were charged with rape and voluntary manslaughter. The murder weapon was never found, hidden safely in Sally’s boots. With Sally’s false testimony, they had enough evidence to charge all three men with both charges. The defendants had
It was a few minutes of catching their breath while Sherlock kept fingering John’s hole. When John was wary of his situation - the drool drying on his face, at the corner of his mouth, his semen sticking his stomach to the bed sheet, Sherlock’s cum leaking out and drying around his balls.
My parents looked proud and worried at the same time, but my father nodded anyway.
“She just said twelve hours for Sherlock to solve the puzzle. B, head down and get someone to stay on those two.” Anthea tossed an earpiece towards me and winked. It was one of those rare ones we get to use, in direct communication with M.
Just as he finished his sentence, I heard his phone ring.
The voice said when John was out by the pool, facing Sherlock. He saw his lover’s face fall, from shock, to despair, to anger, and confusion, all within a few seconds.
“Aaron. Please drive Doctor Watson to my office. And come along. We have something to discuss.” It was Mister Holmes.
“John, I will never leave you. Never. Even if I die, I will die protecting you. I love you John, more than my own life.”
“Good evening Mycroft, Greg. I am still not convinced that you don’t care, Sherlock. Or actually, you care too much but you’re afraid of the responsibility, hmm?”
“Layla! You don’t work on this floor… what are you doing here?”
The case had nothing to do with Andrew West directly, but it was pointing to the same person - Moriarty.
Due to popular demand, Bryn's POV will not be terminated! I've figured out a system. I hope it's obvious enough when POV's switch!
Greg and Mycroft raced towards John’s room. The door was slightly ajar. As they approached, Greg heard Sherlock’s confession and quickly held Mycroft back.
“The more the merrier, Jim.”
“Is this real?” John hoarsely whispered.
“Take it outside.” She said, and the brothers pushed their chairs back in sync and walked out the front door.
Sally stood from the floor and walked out onto the front porch facing a lake. The moon shone brightly, reflecting the hills on the lake’s surface. She took a deep breath and stared out into the open for a couple of minutes before stripping the plastic sheets wrapped around her body and stuffed them into a sack. Walking back towards her car by the lake, she swung the sack hard, flung it into the deep end of the lake. The splash made her lips twitch into a smile that kept until she arrive back in her flat in London.
Leaving the bank left John a little befuddled. The way Sebastian teased Sherlock about his deductions irked John a little.
Her affair with Anderson started a few months before her birthday. It was a regular night out at the bar, ‘regular’ until Anderson kissed her in the alley and spent the night at her flat. They were both pissed, and agreed that it was a one time thing... until Anderson’s wife left the country on business. She would be away for months, and an affair started.
Answers to "How does the code names really work?"
“Do tell. Ah wait, don’t. Let me deduce it. His wife found out, came to you to put in a good word with me.”
John felt for them. He remembered the first and only time they were caught fucking on the stairs by Mrs. Hudson, and the hell that she rained upon them. He had goosebumps just thinking about it. So he decided to help a mate out, and sent a text to Mrs. Holmes from Greg’s phone.
Sally’s eyes followed the stretcher rolling into the ambulance with a body bag. She was sitting next to a police officer who offered her a cup of hot chocolate and EMT gave her a blanket to cover her blood soaked clothes. Sipping the cup of hot chocolate, she noticed a burly looking man glancing at her while he was talking to the medical examiner. As he came closer to her, she stared down at the floor, rehearsing her story over and over in her head.
Ever since Layla’s murder, Sherlock was constantly bothered by something he couldn’t quite put his finger on. John felt something was wrong too.
As she raised her voice, Mycroft and Lestrade came in from the kitchen.
Sherlock started a racket and Shan was running away. John wasn’t sure what was happening until Sherlock appeared behind him and started untying the rope binding his wrists. And for a short moment, John thought the whole ordeal was over, until one of Shan’s men came behind him and pulled Sherlock away by his neck. They were struggling for only a moment, then multiple footsteps echoed through the tunnel.
“He was. But he was well hidden. I didn’t notice he was there until I was leaving, caught a moving shadow in the corner of my eye. There were only three possible places he could hide in the split of a second, and I chose the closest one to the doors to stare at. If I was right, he would think he was found out.”
“I need a favour with your… other job.”
“I… So the whole story about taking down Moriarty’s network… that was… real?”
“Do you?”
He ground his cock down hard one last time against Sherlock’s straining trousers, and moved to the feet of the bed, taking his own trousers off before removing Sherlock’s. Both their cocks were straining, twitching, begging to be touch. It was apparent that John had more self control, because Sherlock was a babbling mess. His curls damp with sweat, face and chest flushed, splotches of bruises sporting in different places, some red, some purple.
It took John two minutes to run back to where she was, but it was too late. There was a black lotus origami on her hand. He’s seen many blown bits of bodies during his time in war, but seeing an innocent party, a young woman nonetheless, had made John’s heart weep. She was bright and could have gone far in life, but was unfortunately born into the wrong family, falling into the wrong side of society.
And it was static.
Some of them came in a verified DI Lestrade’s story, some just came in to make them change their mind. But to every question, John would proudly say “yes we are together now", "more like boyfriends”, and Sherlock held John’s hand in a tight grip, wanting to go home and be alone with John.
It wasn’t the first time John or Greg had met the Holmes parents, but that was when they were only friends with their sons. Now that they are dating/engaged with one, it was to no one’s surprise that they were anxious going down the stairs towards the kitchen for dinner.
“They are both horrifying. But I suppose the one on the right is the better of two evil.”
“He? I didn’t mention his gender…” John paused and I knew he had figured it out. “And you don’t work for Holmes? Seemed suspicious, you know, a cab always showing up just as we walk out the door. And cabs always just around the same corner too.”
Sally turned around and found herself staring into Moriarty’s eyes. She kept her mouth shut.
“Almost got it all right,” John sets down two cups of tea on the table and turned his chair towards Sherlock. “She found out, yeah. But her mate came to me. Layla works at the pediatrics ward downstairs and asked if you’d like to gather some evidence for Kate.”
“That’d be great. You’re the best mate anyone could have.”
Gulping down the last of my cowl, I took at last look at Sherlock’s picture before I flung the whole file into blazing fire.
John was looking back at him with his face down on the side. His cock was red and leaking. Sherlock wasn’t very far behind either. It took him everything he had to not touch himself then and there.
“It has been eight months. What was he thinking? Do we know if he is being held against his will?” John asked.
“Tell me, what happened here?” John knew Sherlock was hiding something. His hands stretched too far on the table, covering something. As he pulled Sherlock’s right hand towards himself, the lanky git struggled, trying to keep his hand on that spot. “Stop that,” and John yanked a little too hard, pulling Sherlock’s whole body off the stool and suddenly they were too close to each other. Close enough for John to smell him - his expensive body wash, shampoo, the product he use on his hair, and the musky tang of a man’s sweat…
“Hang on Mrs H.” John whispered, then spoke a little louder, “he’s asked me to buy six litres of chlorine and I can’t lift them up all on my own. Shoulder’s acting up again…”
I live for plot twists and dramatic endings. It was just not possible for me to write an ending with a normal arrest. If you were expecting that, sorry.
“Me? What? Oh, yeah, fine. Gas leak, apparently.” He tilted his head up when John came back close to him, and they gave each other a chaste peck on the lips. “I’m fine, really.”
“He did.”
“Molly, I…” Sherlock cleared his throat, fidgeting a little in the leather seat and looked up into Molly’s eyes, “I want to apologise, and thank you.”
John leaned down chest to chest with Sherlock, raising the brunet’s legs to the side wide open, and lined up his cock with one hand towards Sherlock’s hole. He rubbed the head of his cock at the entrance while staring at the debauched lover under him.
This wasn’t the first time John had to dress one Sherlock Holmes in his Mind Palace. He doesn’t seem to realise, but his body reacts in sync with John’s touches.
And my birth name was the last thing I heard before everything went dark.
“Only the person in file is your concern.”
“I kept it and patched it up. Tried to redye the stains but they were too far gone. I knew this was going to come in handy someday.” He pulled on his own sweater and bent down to kiss Sherlock where he sat putting his shoes on.
Leaving Bewick out to be hung, literally, Sherlock left the prison and hopped on the first train to Paris. There was a weather condition en route, halting all train services and it was another day before there was a train to London.
“Oh John. What is it-- Oh, oh!” Sherlock exclaimed when he looked at what John was pointing at. “Soo Lin, at the museum, she started to translate the code for us. We didn’t see it.”
“My services in return for John and Rayna’s safety.”
“Try being cooped up doing nothing for a couple months, B.”
”It’s only your second time meeting me. No one in this family is really normal if you think about it.” Mr. Holmes quickly commented when he stopped gasping for air.
Samuel was the partner that pushed me to my limits. He was my sparring partner, my buddy, my team mate, my friend. The only one who brushed past death with me. The one who was with me while I climbed back from hell. We never knew much about each other, but from what I know, he had nothing much to lose. His brother was all he had, albeit estranged.
John stood in the way of Sherlock and held him still. He grabbed Sherlock’s arms and gave it a little shake. “Talk to me love. What’s wrong?”
Down the street, John and Bryn were waiting for their burgers when Bryn’s phone vibrated with a special text alert.
The day he moved out was the day Carol broke all his DVDs during a fight, including one his dad bought for him the day before he passed away. It was old and no longer plays properly, but to Greg it was a family heirloom where he actually planned to pass along to his children (if he ever has any). Enraged, he randomly shoved clothes into an overnight bag and stormed out his front door, hand clutching the box containing a precious shattered DVD. He was prepared to sleep in his car or in his office, until a black Mercedes sedan drove up next to his car, blocking his own from leaving the parking spot. Without even thinking, he got on the sedan and let it take him to Mycroft’s.
Unsurprisingly, Sherlock had the same answer. “We already do. And people do little else.” From my rifle scope, I saw Sherlock kneeling in front of John and gave his doctor a really passionate kiss. If it wasn’t for the intense situation, I would have made a remark.
“No. I will not.”
“There’s nowhere open for desserts now John.”
“How. Does. It. Feel?” She pushed a little deeper with every word, until she felt his heart beating against the tip of her knife.
Sherlock stopped there. John was expecting him to tell all.
The double sounded a little panicked.
“I just can’t deal with it, John. I needed an outlet. I’m sorry, so sorry for manipulating you.”
Simple in writing, that is.
“I’m feeling Indian,” She seemed like the type to love a good spicy curry, “or that burger from that shithole John and I go to.”
Sherlock walked right by and pretended he did not hear that. He knew John would take care of her comment soon enough.
“Uh… no.” Sherlock answered a bit too quickly and tried to hide his hand. “Nothing happened.”
But Mycroft held his hand out anyway, palm up. Greg snatched his wrist and wrapped his own hand around it. A smile lit across both their faces. They kept their hands together underneath the table until the waitress came back with their pizza.
John couldn’t finish that thought. He was already in their living room with Sherlock in front of him, motioning for him to unwrap his gift.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Miserable. I feel like shit cooped up in that bloody place!”
“Down to the voice, B, down to the itsy-bitsy details. They’re both mine, afterall.” Mister Kaplan chuckled.
“He’s hiding somewhere John. I know it. He hasn’t left the flat all day.” Mrs Hudson said a little too loudly for just John to hear. She was obviously trying to lure Sherlock out.
He likes it. Loves it.
He yelled for Sherlock running up the stairs. Panic was rising in his throat as he prepared himself for a devastating scene - Sherlock on the ground, bleeding, or in a bag...
“Unfortunately it was.” Mister Holmes replied.
Sherlock walked up to John and kissed him before he could finish his sentence and was rewarded with meekness. John smiled into the kiss before he tilted his head and parted his lips slightly, giving Sherlock permission to explore deeper. But he didn’t.
“Good. That’s good, isn’t it.”
“Shit. It’s remotely activated. Duck!” Q yelled.
“Did you just use the word
Handjobs can sometimes be even hotter than actual fucking.
“Hey Kate, what are you do--- Ow! What the fuck?!”
“Oh, no you don’t. We’re not gonna let our first time be motivated by your brother’s voyeuristic tendencies.”
“But he’s just there! We need to go back there John! I need answers!” He struggled at the back of the cab, but John was quicker, and held him in a shoulder lock. “Ow ow ow ow! John you’re hurting me!”
Taking John back to the flat was difficult. He had to carry John bridal style out of the tunnel and walk past Dimmock. The DI had received instructions from above to keep them out of their reports, and Dimmock was more than happy to be the hero. As Sherlock walked by, he said quietly, “I’ll go where you point me.”
In the other room, Greg was stunned. When he finally could close his jaw, he was hoping that John would snap out of it and be the responsible one like always. Unfortunately for Greg, John caved into Sherlock’s advances. He let Sherlock push him down on the chair, then the detective straddles John, grinding his hips in sharp movements, making John moan… really loudly.
“I’m not Sherlock Holmes!” He pleaded in desperation. His life had just turned around. Yes, the thrill of chasing criminals pulled him out of his depression, but not to this extent...
“Alright. Then you get this one.” John pulled the left sweater out and threw it towards Sherlock.
WH xx
“Can’t we have both?” She chuckled.
“No you don’t.”
That was when John decided it was time to get to the main course. He removed himself from Sherlock, leaned up to pull his pillow down under Sherlock’s hips, “be right back. I just need to rinse so I could kiss you,” then moved to the bathroom.
“Good evening Gregory. A little birdie told me that my brother was in trouble again.” Mycroft replied.
After his first attempt at suicide, Mycroft had pushed through papers for Mrs Hudson and Sherlock to live with John at the safe house. It wasn’t until one night when John’s nightmare almost killed him that he finally registered Sherlock’s existence.
That could have been me. He should have been able to get out of there without a single scratch. With all the brain power combined between Mister Holmes, Q and Anthea, they couldn’t figure out a plan to do just that?
“Oh no, you are not running away from this!” John grabbed Sherlock’s elbow and pulled him back down onto the sofa. “Stay still.” John instructed and went to put on Goldfinger.
“Apparently it seems that Anderson’s home isn’t, given that he has been sleeping at your flat for the last two nights.” Sherlock appeared behind Sally and outed her affair with Anderson before John could stop him.
“Car’s waiting.”
He stood abruptly from his chair and walked towards the closet.
Sherlock and John had settled back into 221B, and they had moved into Sherlock’s room. After years of counselling and spoiled outrageously by his doting partner, John no longer has suicidal thoughts. The voices in his own head had disappeared and he was getting more comfortable with Sherlock’s touches.
“Shh. Come with me.” Sherlock pulled John to the corner where the bookshelf meets the walls, except it doesn’t meet the wall. There was a small gap in between, enough for both of them to fit.
“These are definitely gang murders. The stab wounds corresponds with the ones you’ve cracked before. And the body is always reported by gang members. The same ones. Find their rival in the same turf and you will most definitely link it back to them.”
While he was setting down the first aid kit, Sherlock sat on the stool and had his hands on the table, palm down, covering the scratch on the table left behind by the assassin that came by earlier.
“Friend, flatmate, colleague.” John answered with a shrug. Sebastian scoffed while Sherlock gave John a loopy grin, one that made John think he was happy about having a friend.
It was when John sat up, he realised he was in his pajamas, smelling fresh, and in Sherlock’s bed. The consulting detective, however, was still in the same suit he was in last night, with a ghastly look on his face.
Sherlock nodded again. He was moving to hug John when he noticed his movements were slightly restricted. Then realisation hit him. “When did I get dressed? I don’t remember doing that.”
By the time he got home, Sherlock dismissed his complaints about an ASBO and his court date with a ‘good, fine’. His head was still wrapped around the cipher. All John wanted was to take off his jacket, make himself a nice cuppa and sit down, relax, perhaps watch some crap telly for the rest of the day.
“Sherlock!” John yelled as he ran up the stairs and saw Mrs Hudson standing on the landing by the open door to their flat.
“Because I would like to check your pulse.” They both knew it was a bullshit excuse.
Sherlock was now breathing hard. Everytime John brushed his fingers across his hard nubs, it was as if he could feel John’s fingerprints brushing past. He was relishing the sensation when a sudden sharp pain-pleasure radiated through his bones.
“Always on July fifteenth. It is a significant day. None of the victims are related in any way. Always a bottle of wine somewhere, opened.”
The next evening, they had dinner in Greg’s favourite restaurant… or bar. From afar, they just looked like mates hanging out at their local, sharing a pizza and some chips over a few drinks. But if someone had listened in to their conversation, they may find it a little odd.
John stepped into the cluttered living room and was hoping to catch some sleep, but was stopped short when Sherlock announced that they were going out.
“About what?”
“I’ll go get them.” John sighed, grabbing his jacket and wallet, hurrying down the stairs.
The night before came back to him, and he smiled to himself. He reached his arm over to the other side of the bed and found the owner of this bed. Slowly opening his eyes, he saw a pair of blue-green eyes staring right into his.
“What the fuck is going on?”
Apparently Mycroft Holmes did.
Twelve dead. The same number of kidnappers and snipers we found working for Moriarty.
up. They were having dinner in silence, but when Greg brought desserts out from the kitchen, Mycroft said it.
While John was away at the clinic the next morning, Sherlock kept cataloguing the books, but he was getting nowhere. Most days when he’s stuck, he would stop and think of another way in. Today was not Bryn and Q’s lucky day, because Sherlock was one step closer to figuring it out.
“Because I love you, John Watson.”
“Yes. I do too.”
“Yeah, meet you at the local in fifteen?”
John went upstairs, got changed and chose his tightest pair of pants. It would be extremely uncomfortable, but he didn’t want to walk out of the flat with an obvious erection.
“Yeah, yeah I’m fine. I’m fine. Sherlock!” John collapsed as his knees gave up, Sherlock tossing the vest to the side, hoping that the short distance would lessen the impact.
“Well, you owed me one. Consider your IOU repaid.” John smirked and left them quickly to join Sherlock in the garden.
“If you’re worried about… cheating, what if we set boundaries, right now? When we come to an agreement, I can get Anthea to move your things over from the safe house.”
“Gotcha.”
“Late?”
“Will be there in five.” I responded.
“Well, you don’t need to know about that, do you?”
Sherlock leaped up and tried to escape.
.” Mycroft whispered after a long silence sitting in their unmoving vehicle.
“John…” Sherlock pulled his fingers out slowly, hand still covered in lube. He slicked up his cock and poured a little extra onto John’s hole. Some of it gathered there and seeped into John. It was slightly dilated, and John was obviously relaxed. He let the head of his cock slip inside, and both of them felt the muscles catch onto it, sucking Sherlock’s cock in.
, Sherlock supplemented that in his own mind.
We are finally headed into Sherlock BBC! I wrote this while re-watching Sherlock on Netflix. Think of it this way - all those scenes you see Anthea texting, she's just gossiping with Bryn and Q!
“Shut up.” Sherlock snapped at me, pulling me out of my reverie. “You’re thinking too loud, and disgusting! We all know you’re dying to get it on with Aur--
“Ah, she must have realised that I took everything out of our joint accounts to cover for my DVDs.” Greg said, not even the slightest bit annoyed that Mycroft kept the voicemail and what happened from him.
Sherlock nodded, then went to the shower after piling up their dirty dishes in the sink. He made sure he cleaned every nook and cranny of his body, not that there were many on his lanky body. In there, he was so tempted to get a bit of relief, but reconsidered again when his mind wandered to what John could have planned for them-- for him. He dried up and wrapped himself in his robe, with nothing underneath it, and went upstairs anxiously.
“It is possible for her to experience a brief psychotic disorder. She was going through major stress at work, finding out her husband had an affair with her maid of honour would pile on to it. She did show some of those symptoms, blackout, incoherent speech... There’s really no way to know for sure, but if her family had a history of depression or bipolar, it would be more likely than not. It would be recorded in her medical history.”
“That’s what I was suggesting.”
“Yes.”
What happens when John leaves Sherlock alone, and let the sexual tension begin!
Sherlock recounted everything that happened from when he realised which book was used to translate the code, up to the point where he found John. He paused at the point when John said that he loved Sherlock.
“Sorry mate. Go on.” A light blush crept up John’s cheeks as he shied away from the table.
“She’s right, Ms Watson. Whoever this person is, the memories is triggering John’s vitals. He can hear you. When this young lady here mentioned Sherlock,” the doctor looked towards the monitors when he mentioned Sherlock’s name and looked back at Molly, “Look, it fluctuates. This person is John’s best chance.”
“This is not funny. I know we had our differences, but come on. This isn’t the time.”
“Here are your instructions. Godspeed.” Anthea said while dropping two identical folders in front of us, and a Jaguar’s car key in front of me. She winked, then turned around and followed M out of the room.
His jumpers. They were still upstairs.
But the brunet was most definitely savouring this. His breathing was becoming irregular, cock hard and leaking, twitching up from his stomach when John touched his prostate. He was gone the moment John had three fingers in him. The fourth finger was just a novelty.
Once a year, Sally would take one kill. It was always swift - stab to the heart and let her victim bleed out. At twenty, she joined the force and learned different ways to avoid getting caught. Randomisation is the key. Never let someone piece the puzzles together. She could change her persona to fit almost any environment and she was highly intelligent with a great deal of planning going into her attacks. Her lack of empathy and lack of true feelings for others made her seem spiteful and mean, but she was charming enough for everyone to disregard her occasional outburst.
“I’m getting there, patience Gregory.” Sherlock labelled the stack of files in his hands as ‘Passion’ before turning behind, reaching for the tallest stack of files.
“Oh you lovely man. You look spectacular in that sweater. No one is going to notice it.” John hugged Sherlock, feeling the soft wool on his face.
“If he was dead, his last words to me would be
“Mycroft-fucking-Holmes!” Greg shouted.
“It’s settled. Let’s hope we never cross paths again.”
That night, Greg removed the ring on his finger and threw it out his room window, out into the dark overgrown bushes behind Mycroft’s house.
Fake tears were rolling down her cheeks as she answered. Sally kept her head down.
Upstairs, Sherlock was desperately trying to redirect John’s attention away from his rivalry with Mycroft. Thankfully, Lestrade called Sherlock immediately after receiving a text from Mycroft.
The aftermath of "sofa sex". Bryn and the team caught an eyeful of John's behind... and Bryn's only interested in Anthea's.
As Sherlock stayed in his mind, analyzing over the evidence in the crime scene and a few overheard conversations earlier (when he sneaked around DS
In those years, Sherlock and John went on with their lives. They got married and adopted a baby girl, Rayna Elizabeth Holmes-Watson. They were still on cases for the Yard, but this one always lingered at the back of their minds.
“Great minds do think alike, sir.”
He slept in Mycroft’s guest room for six nights before Mycroft brought
“And we will find whoever did this. One of our own. We won’t stop till we find the bastard.”
The same evening Kate left Baker Street, Sally broke into Layla’s flat and planted a similar set of lingerie in her wardrobe. It was well within the price range of what she would normally wear. And with a few forensic tricks she learnt from Philip, Sally was well on her way to setting the perfect trap.
Pulling his index finger out, Sherlock poured more lube and covered his index and middle finger. He gently probed John with his middle finger. When it was all the way in, he wriggled it around again, spreading lube inside and looking for John’s prostate. Sherlock pulled and pushed his fingers a few times with a slight hook, and when John screamed, he knew he had found the spot.
“Maybe some lube, condoms? Anything that fancies you, your highness?” John asked sarcastically, just to see if Sherlock was serious about the milk.
ONE MORE! I think I'll make it! At this moment, it is 2035 hours.
John realised what that meant. That day had came and went when Sherlock decided to join Moriarty… John whispered to himself in tears, realising what his husband had become.
John instantly shut his mouth when Sherlock reached out to hug him.
“Yes sir.” I answered and heard the phone click off. I turned around to hand the phone back to John and looked at him probably a second too long. “I’ll take you to him now.”
“Bryn, what’s that about?” My mum asked.
M’s voice echoed in my head.
The day they got back to Baker Street from the Holmes’ cottage, Captain Watson once again made an appearance.
Greg came back with another dress shirt, but it was a semi-spread collar instead of the usual Oxford button-downs that Mycroft owns. Lifting an eyebrow, Mycroft asked Greg assuming that was Greg’s shirt, “would that fit me?”
Q’s sister said while crying.
He went commando the entire day, just as the Captain ordered.
Sherlock contemplated for a short while, trying to deduce what the question was referring to, and finding the one answer that would cover all possibilities.
“Sherlock. Come here.”
“You’re the bloody government and you’ve found someone with less.”
“Yes. And you never have to thank me. Because you saved me too.”
“John, you are the only one for me. I won’t have anyone else except you. No force is strong enough to tear us apart. I want to take you home, John. Our home.”
Well, no one knows who the hell James Moriarty is, so I gave him a family and a purpose... but not for long!
“And I will.”
“Lads, come on! You know better than to do that here?! Get out of there. Now!” Greg switched off all the equipment and went to the other door, swinging it wide open.
Admitting that he needed advice was difficult. John wondered what had happened to Sherlock when he was younger to be so insecure about his inadequacies in certain areas.
“Yeah, I know. Thank you…” The look in Greg’s eyes told Mycroft how much this man wanted to touch him, to kiss him and to hold him in bed. “I’ll see you in the morning. I want banana pancakes.”
The finale.
Leaving John to interrogate Sherlock, whatever that meant...
“I agree. Let’s come back tomorrow. I will inform Miss Hooper and Mrs Hudson to do the same.”
“Give them a little time.”
“Gorgeous.”
“Right. I’ll get someone to send them over tomorrow.”
“Yeah, I went there. Slapped her the moment she opened her door. She pretended like she was innocent. I… We struggled for a bit… and I was holding onto her when she tripped and hit her head on the table. I wanted to help her but there was someone else. I couldn’t even tell if it was a man or a woman. This person held my neck and pulled me towards the kitchen. It was really dark. I couldn’t see a thing. Pinned me down and choked me until I blacked out. When I woke up, the knife was in my hand… and I… Lay was gone. I tried to… I didn’t kill her. I swear I didn’t!”
The wedding of Gloria Kaplan and Julius Moriarty could still be the biggest news in the criminal world till this day. Two of the largest criminal organizations in the world, with each their sole heir joining forces in their marriage. And when the news of Gloria pregnant with twins started circulating, reinforcing their web was the only way they knew how to keep their family safe.
“One day we’ll be standing around a body, and Sherlock Holmes will be the one who put it there.” John looked back at Sally when she made that remark. His eyebrow twitched, remembering those same words the first day he had met her. This time, he decided to entertain her.
“And?” John asked after a minute of silence. They were both now sat on their respective chairs, the hole on the floor in between them.
Sherlock made no comment about it then. When a cab stopped for them, they hopped on and Sherlock held John’s hand in his the whole ride. It was obvious to John that it bothered Sherlock, to process all these sentiments and emotions.
I will be taking a one month break from this fic (after chapter 20) to work on another one I'm co-authoring with TheLadyofMusic. Check it out if you like parent!lock and some pregnancy drama.
“You, ripping my clothes off in a darkened swimming pool. People might talk.” John said.
Sherlock was too close to Shan. Way too close for him to stay calm.
“I was walking down the street to catch the bus home and I heard… heard her scream. It was a short yelp, but I heard… I saw… saw someone running away. I was afraid. So scared…”
Harry was sitting at next to her brother once again when Sherlock and Molly walked in.
I've been getting a little off-track. Don't worry, Chapter 13 onward we will be back to Q-Branch + more Bryn action!
“You didn’t!” Greg said when reality sank in.
“Only if you promise to go see him and stay until he’s awake.”
“Sort of. It sat there and I shouted abuse… what happened to your hand? It wasn’t bruised before.”
“Was?” I asked, already dreading the answer to that question. Somewhere deep in my gut I knew something sinister had happened, and the worst has yet to come.
“Yes I do have casual clothes despite what you see in my closet. Mother is very particular about… in her words, not mine,
“Stop it. It’s Greg. None of that title business again. I meant it, Mycroft. I really like you. Too much to be in the same house with you for the long term without my feelings returned.” He slowly moved his hands away and kept it on his own lap.
“I’ve already came twice today love. I don’t think I can manage one more. Besides, we have to go down to the Yard for yesterday’s case. We haven’t recorded our statement yet.” John was already coming out of the shower after three minutes. Sherlock was putting on the fresh sheets when John came out.
When John got Sherlock fully dressed, Sherlock stood there for another four minutes before he blinked, once, twice, and groaned, tugging his hair, pacing around the kitchen.
“Yup. You have my number. Pass it along.”
“Right. And he was there when I sh--” John paused and looked around, then continued in a hushed tone, “
Sherlock nodded. They were both breathing harder, and Sherlock slowly wrapped his arms around John’s torso, pulling the doctor closer to his chest. John kissed Sherlock harder this time, moving his lips a little, slotting his bottom lip in between Sherlock’s. A soft moan escaped the detective’s throat and John couldn’t help but chuckle.
“Never had time for relationships. Did you think I would…”
“John. Why are you staring at me like that?” Sherlock noticed something off with how John is behaving. He was looking at the splatter patterns on the Christmas tree when he caught John’s face through the corner of his eye. There was something endearing about the way his eyes beamed, and it made Sherlock… feel.
“You are a fucking moron!” John yelled and threw himself against the bedroom door, dropped to the floor and hugged his own knees, fuming silently.
Mycroft stood up and made his move to leave, but before walking away, he handed a file to Sherlock, only to receive some harsh words thrown at him through his younger brother’s eyes.
“Let’s go. I’m in the mood for dessert.”
Apparently Q did, understandably, because he has a passion for the craft itself. And it seemed like Holmes junior did too. How would he (they, if you include M) decide what would eventually be useful? Someone like myself and Anthea would deem information about the make and mark of a pen useless...
“Would you like me to take that for you?” He waved his hand around her knife. “I don’t like leaving witnesses.”
Sherlock felt a shiver down his spine. That snog was enough to turn him back on. His cock went from red to purplish in seconds, blood rushing down south a little too fast. He felt John’s hands trailing lower down his side, and ended up once again on his arse.
“I need to get some air. We’re going out tonight.” Sherlock announced casually.
They both exchanged a few glances, Sherlock paced the floor a little and both yammering nonsense telling each other they’re fine when they were obviously not.
Before he could realize what had just happened, Sherlock had abandoned him with spray cans in his hands, and Community Support officers taking him away to the station.
“Happy birthday to me.”
As Jeremiah dragged James away, Mister Kaplan dialed the only number on this phone.
And he was. By now, both John and Sherlock’s erections had flagged. The panicked look on Sherlock’s face when the phone rang in his hand told John all he needed to know.
Kate broke down and cried, twice, before getting the whole story out to John. Sherlock stopped listening the moment her first sob broke out. He sat in his chair, quietly brewing a plan to obliterate Anderson and Sally once and for all. With Kate now involved, he could easily pass it as the wife’s revenge.
“No you don’t. We haven’t done laundry since last week. You’re out of clean clothes love.”
“I gave you my number.” A voice from the far end of the pool was heard. “I thought you might call.”
“Be careful… that bomb’s still real.” Q said when he handed me the sniper rifle. Our team had took out Moriarty’s original men and replaced them with… us.
Sherlock let his lips gently brush on John’s. He wanted more, but with the nature of John’s abuse, he will need to take it very slow and let John set the pace. John pressed his lips harder against Sherlock’s. Slowly, lips were apart and they were kissing deeply, full of want, affection and desire, but not lust. John pulled away first, but his arms were still around Sherlock’s waist and he noticed Sherlock’s erection.
“Russia? You’ve never been to Russia. God damn it, I’m really going crazy. Now I’m hallucinating random countries too?” John scoffed and started laughing.
Four pips was Samuel’s brother, strapped in explosives and traced by a sniper, just as Q’s sister was, in the middle of a busy crossing. As Samuel was still missing in action, someone in Q’s team recognized him and alerted us. Honestly, we were not surprised then. We knew he was coming in on us.
“Kate, I’m sorry. We were really drunk that night, and I swear, it was a one time thing. We work together. It never would’ve worked out for us anyway. We agreed to bury that night as a mistake. I hope you’ll forgive him. I don’t really care if you would be angry at me for the rest of your life, but please, at least accept my apology.”
“I had merely given you an option to live here. There was no reason to be cruel, Detective Inspector.” Mycroft said with a bite, pulling his hand away roughly, throwing Greg’s hand away.
“Well... Looking alive my boy.”
“Sharp! You’re preeeeetty good. I want in on your little game with the Consulting Detective. And really? On your birthday? Sooooooo predictable! I can make the game better, if you want.”
“Sherlock.” John couldn’t verbalise what was in his head.
“And Layla belonged in this pile.”
“You know what I was going to ask?”
“Look at that, Mrs Hudson. Quiet, calm, peaceful…” He took a deep breath, “isn’t it hateful?”
Sherlock got home an couple of hours earlier than expected while John was out. He looked around and quickly concluded that John was having a pint with Aaron,
“Clever! Join me, Sherlock. You are wasting that brilliant mind of yours on dead people. What’s the point, hmm?”
There was a long pause before John caught his breath between sobs and mumbled, “Why?”
“No, I need you to go to the police station, ask about the journalist. His personal effects would’ve been impounded. Get hold of his diary or something that will tell us his movements.”
"It must be someone who read the article and thinks it's a lark to play a sick prank on me... Someone who... someone who..." A heavy shudder ran down John's spine, making him shiver and fall silent.
However, John couldn't recall ever hearing a tale in which the couple intentionally parted ways. A cursory internet search and skimming a textbook on alpha and omega biology likewise didn't return any satisfactory answers. And so John continued to wallow in his white-hot desire for his partner.
They hadn't spoken about the past again in a while. Actually, they increasingly avoided speaking of Sherlock at all. Although John would have liked to know more about how Sherlock and Victor had found their way to each other, something kept stopping him from asking. As if the mere thought of asking the question were enough to make his throat close up.
"All right..." Sherlock wiped the remaining wetness from his cheeks, contrite, and snuggled back down into John's neck.
"D-don't... stop..." John whimpered breathlessly. His shoulders and arms hurt and his thighs were quivering, but he could feel his climax getting closer and closer. Pleasure scrabbled through his body, kept collecting in his pulled-up testicles, only to subside again like waves that never reached their crest.
Sherlock gasped in surprise when John grabbed his knees and pulled them back, forcing Sherlock's legs straight and bringing him into position flat on his stomach. John had slipped out whilst executing the manoeuvre, and now pushed Sherlock's legs apart with his knees, planted his hands on either side of Sherlock, and slammed into him again hard.
Molly took care setting the box down on the table; a faint sound of glassware came from inside. She then opened the box, lifted out several coloured glass vials, and lined them up. Finally, she took a USB stick out of her trouser pocket and put it on the table next to Sherlock's hand. Her eyes remained locked on Sherlock the whole time, trying unsuccessfully to garner his attention with nothing more than her presence.
With one final push, John pushed his throbbing knot through Sherlock's sphincter muscle and came. And
"That... doesn't sound so bad," Sherlock said, even though the words burned his throat like sour bile.
"Well then," Sherlock said, walking past him into the hallway. "We'll be seeing each other, all right?"
He unobtrusively inhaled his mother's scent. Of course he wasn't
Sherlock stood up again, making a grand show of brushing nonexistent dust from his trousers, and started to engage the woman in a conversation about this and that.
"I... I don't know... how..." Sherlock admitted in a small voice. There was a roaring sound in his ears, and the staccato beat of his heart echoed through the emptiness inside him.
"What is it?" Sherlock finally prompted when John didn't continue.
