– with all the space you’ve been putting between us,” John groaned, rolling his hips. Sherlock had hooked one leg around his waist and what little blood was left for John’s brain quickly headed southward, “you didn’t want to be near me anymore.”
“Sorry, I’ll try to do better.” John shrugged sheepishly, and then leaned over the side of Sherlock’s bed. “I promise I’ll be here when you get back, and I expect you to be awake by then.” He murmured low enough so neither Nurse Leah nor Dr. Cook could hear. “I love you.” He added kissing Sherlock’s temple.
“Actual concrete planning, and not just knowing I wanted to marry you? Two months.” Two months? Sherlock could have been engaged to John for two whole months! “I was looking up something about nightshade when I found a link to this place, saw who ran it, and I just knew this was where I was going to propose to you. Since the proposal was going to be outside, I obviously had to wait until the weather was a bit more reasonable, and with our anniversary when it is, it couldn’t have been more perfect. Then it was just a matter of going to see your parents about –”
Taking a deep breath, John walked into the kitchen just like he did every other day. He just had to act normal, as if nothing had changed, he could do this.
Ten o’clock came, and ten o’clock went, and at half ten Sherlock still hadn’t shown. Sherlock was usually an early riser – when he deigned to sleep – and at this time of day, Speedy’s was only about fifteen minutes from campus. Even if the alarm actual woke him, and accounting for all the time he took getting ready, Sherlock shouldn’t have been more than ten minutes late. And if he were going to be late, surely he would have texted to let John know, but there was nothing after the text he received the night before.
“Of course.” Sherlock smirked, and John could have sworn he saw glimmer of something in his eye. Very reassuring.
John wasn’t put off by Sherlock’s personality, if anything he seemed to actually appreciate it. And search as he did, Sherlock could not find any ulterior motives for John’s behavior. John really was as open, up front, and honest as he appeared. As unbelievable as it seemed, every observation and every scrap of data Sherlock was able to collect all pointed to one conclusion: John Watson actually liked him. Though he wouldn’t go so far as to say John was becoming his friend – Sherlock didn’t have friends – perhaps there was a possibility for… camaraderie? A mutually pleasant association between the two? Sherlock could have that, he could definitely make that work. He just had to show that he was receptive so such an association.
hiccup with Sherlock happened, you took it as the first step towards disaster, and decided to pack it in.”
“I know you both claim it’s nothing serious, but everyone knows that’s a lie. If you’re about to leave for an active combat zone, it’s best not to have any loose,
By the time John is taken to the medical unit, he’s lost a lot of blood, and an infection has already started to set in. The rest of the medical team is able to gain control of the infection, but not before John develops a raging fever. He spends several days slipping in and out of consciousness. And if he happens to call out for Sherlock at the height of his fever, he is completely unaware, and no one ever tells him.
“You’re going to have to confirm with your husband,” Sherlock continued, ignoring the interruption, “but given their apparent age difference, your husband must have been very young when this Emily was conceived, probably still a teenager. Your husband was young, he had a bright future ahead of him, and a child would ruin his plans, the mother’s too. Their parents made them put Emily up for adoption.”
“Can we play pirates?” It had been so long since anyone had played pirates with him, Mummy and Daddy were usually too busy, and Mycroft always got bored halfway through
“Oh I’m in a funk am I?” Sherlock snapped. “And you think that by talking to you about it, I’ll what, suddenly be cured? I tell you
“I’m not sure how I can possibly follow that.” John chuckled quietly, taking a few deep breaths and letting go of one hand to wipe the wetness from his eyes. “Sherlock. Funny, brilliant, amazing Sherlock. I agonized over what to say, how I could possibly put into words everything you are to me, every feeling, emotion, and thought you inspire in me… When I met you, I was broken.” He heard Sherlock take in a sharp breath. “When we met, I was alive, but not really living. I was going through the motions of a normal life, when really I was just floating. Nobody really needed me; the army didn’t need me, and everyone in my life was moving on. I was going through life directionless and purposeless, and I was bitter.” He paused before taking a deep breath and continuing. “And then there was you. You came into my life like a whirlwind, a blunt and brutally honest whirlwind. You came into my life and you saw me, really saw me, but not as a broken man, or as just my past – though you read my past in an instant. No, you saw all of me; you saw who I was, and who I had become, and you saw who I was meant to be. You were, and are, everything I need, Sherlock Holmes. You gave me everything I needed to become who I am now. You understand me as no one else does. Whether it’s a quiet evening at home, or we’re running through back alleys on only an hour’s sleep, when I’m with you I’m my true self, and I’m at peace. I don’t know what I did to earn your trust, your loyalty, or your heart, but I somehow did and I am thankful beyond words, because I am playing so out of my league with you. You took a lonely, broken man, and made him whole again.”
“Be my guest,” John said, stepping off to one side. “But if you’re going to try to talk me into spying on Sherlock for you again, think again.”
“So tell me,” John said, once they’d eventually parted, “how would you say married sex stacks up against dating and engaged sex? Better? Worse? About the same?”
“You, Sherlock, your sister, and your mother are all highly observant. Your father is high up in the government, and is grooming you to take over for him. Your mother is a highly respected mathematician, and she wishes Sherlock would have flowed in her footsteps. And Sherlock has a strained relationship with you and his twin, who’s off studying abroad.” Why is John saying this? He doesn't owe Mycroft anything.
Sherlock was lying along the back of the couch, his eyes closed and his hands steepled under his chin, when John walked through the door of the flat. The man was a bloody cat.
“Down here, in my… my bedroom. The insulation upstairs is rather poor, and the bed isn’t very comfortable.” Sherlock explained, still not looking at John.
And now I can say that the last chapter and epilogue is nothing but fluff, fluff, and more fluff!! Or maybe I'll make them come down, realize they don't like each other like that, and never want to see each other again.... Nah, it's fluff.
"So I take it it’s straight home, then?” John asked, attempting to break the tension that had blanketed the cab.
almost none stop. And don’t think you’re any different, this entire conversation you’ve been positively pink!”
“Well in that case, thank you for your service.” Sherlock’s voice was husky, coming from somewhere around L3.
“No maybe, I am right.” Sarah smirked. “Then add your trust issues into the mix, and everything just imploded.”
” John thrust up, grinding his hard length against a certain part of Sherlock’s anatomy that was calling out for attention. “What – what do you want? – Tell me – tell me what you want.” He moaned.
It wasn’t until they’d paid their admission fees, and made their way through the front entrance, that Sherlock figured out exactly why John had brought him to the Gardens. Just inside the front entrance was a sign pointing to the left, towards something called ‘The Poison Garden.’
“Anything. I have early practice tomorrow, so afterwards I’m all yours. We can get food; go to a museum; break into the morgue to take body parts. Whatever you want!”
“I don’t care how intensive or strenuous it is, I just want to be back on my feet and back to normal as soon as possible.” Sherlock said before the therapist had even gotten a full sentence out.
“Well let’s see, for one, you questioned and corrected everything. And second, I thought you were the most attractive man I’d ever set eyes on. So I’d say that’s hard to ignore.”
He didn’t know he was strong enough, to have John so close, to be so close to everything he’d ever wanted – or at the very least, ever wanted for the past six years – only to have to watch John fall in love with a woman all over again, and leave him like before. He should put a stop to everything, put some distance between himself and John, if only to keep his heart from shattering more than it already was. But Sherlock was weak, so painfully and pathetically weak. He drank up those little signs of affection and closeness like a dying man lost in a desert. He saved those moments, stored them in his mind palace; he would savor those memories for when John inevitably left him for good, and they were all he would have left of the only man he’d ever love.
Sherlock froze. He couldn’t have heard that right. Surely his ears were playing a trick on him, there was no way that John Watson had just said that he…
“There’s no need to lie to me, Sherlock,” Theo chuckled, leaning back in his chair. “You honestly expect me to believe that you’ve managed to snag yourself a boyfriend, whilst sober, with nothing to even you out, with nothing to… mute you, make you tolerable?”
Laughing, John ran his hands up Sherlock’s chest to rest them on Sherlock’s shoulders. “I can not believe I’m about to finally get into the bed of the gorgeous man I’ve been wanting for ages, and we’re just going to sleep”, he said, shaking his head.
John’s throat was suddenly thick, and it took several attempts to swallow down the lump that had formed in order to speak. “I thought you were the man who said sleep was a boring waste of time?” He said, his words coming out less than steady.
“Other way around actually,” John replied, “I was looking for a new place to live, he had an extra room, so we’re flatmates too.”
“And the train gets in a half past one, so that’ll leave us more than enough time to check in to the hotel, and maybe have a little look around before having to head to the hall.”
“Oh Sherlock!” John beamed. “So good of you to stop by. How are you doing? Feeling alright? Any new pain or notable damage today?”
“So don’t be.” He did honestly love Mrs. Hudson, but Sherlock was really not in the mood. Well, not in the mood to be talking to his landlady.
“No, I’m serious, Sherlock. I’m going to throw this out. Hold on, I’ve got one of those microwavable wraps you can use.”
Thankful he doesn't have class or a shift today, John crawls back into bed for a few more hours of sleep, when he sees he has a text message:
“Nothing, I just want to come fucking myself on you. I want to ride you.” Sherlock’s voice sounding a bit raw. John pulls out, and it’s almost painful to do so, whimpering at the loss of Sherlock’s tight heat, Sherlock whining as well, and rolls over, pulling Sherlock on top of him. After several rough kisses, Sherlock sits up and positions himself over John, sinking down onto him, both groaning in relief to be connected again. Once seated, Sherlock begins to roll his hips, hands on John’s chest to steady himself. As Sherlock’s movements begin to devolve into rapid, uncoordinated flicks of his hips, John’s left hand lets go of where it was balled up in the sheet, to Sherlock’s hard, throbbing cock, squeezing him in time with Sherlock’s flicks. It only takes a few short moments before Sherlock goes completely ridged, back making a perfect arch, and he’s coming in long hot ribbons across John’s hand, painting his stomach. John’s vision goes white at the feel of Sherlock’s muscles contracting around him, his own climax hitting him like a freight train, and they ride out their orgasms together.
That was it, he had to know, he couldn’t take it anymore. He had to ask, he just had to ask, he’d ask and then he’d know. And so, screwing up every last ounce of his courage, Sherlock turned to face John properly. “John,” he said hesitantly, “what was that? What was tonight?”
Sherlock just lifted an eyebrow, clueless as he was to many things, he wasn’t completely oblivious to how that sounded.
“I was hoping you’d say that.” Mr. Holmes smiled. “Sherlock was informed by Mr. Watson senior, and by the responding officer, a PC Andrews, that a note was found.”
“That’s the carton we found John’s phone in, and she just threw it in the bin!” Sherlock was moving like a whirlwind, zooming in on the woman’s face, he had to identify her, he needed to speak with her immediately.
“What happened to him?” Molly asked, leaning toward John, her voice hushed. “He seems… off. Too nice, too considerate – like he suddenly understands human feelings and has compassion or something. Was that too harsh?” Molly asked, seeming ashamed of what she’d just said.
“It was nothing – just thinking.” John said quickly, looking out the window. He felt like he was in a room with a stranger. It felt wrong – he didn’t know the man sitting on the couch with his cheekbones and curly hair atop his head.
“To throw people off? To be fair he hasn’t been caught yet – we haven’t found DNA samples or anything.” John said, making Holmes pause for but a moment before he continued with his usual smart-ass way of sharing his knowledge.
“Sherlock!” Lestrade called, running after him. John thanked the file keeper and said they’d be done, apologizing for Sherlock’s rudeness. The file keeper was fine though, and appreciated John’s apology.
“Well, what is it you’ve done?” Watson questioned, following him to the microscope, his body language speaking out his sternness for him. Arms folded firmly across his chest, eyebrows down, eyes narrowed, and the corners of his mouth turned downward. You couldn’t get more of a ‘disappointed parent’ look from anyone.
“I slept much longer than usual – what time is it?” He asked, looking back at him like he suddenly realized it wasn’t even morning. John sighed, checking his watch.
“An experiment.” Holmes said, his mind busy. He fiddled with the wheels and dials on the microscope. Watson rolled his eyes, swiping the Petri dish, that Holmes had so perfectly placed, away. His head whipped back to look at Watson, standing up to be quite a bit taller than him. “Give it back.” He said, putting his hand out.
“What did you… explode?” Watson asked, gesturing with his head toward the mess he’d made. Holmes rolled his eyes and groaned loudly, standing back up to pace.
“Are you serious?” Lestrade asked, looking at Sherlock as his face didn’t so much as twitch a smile – he was dead serious.
Holmes looked down at his arms, which were covered by his sleeves, then back up at John. “Fine, I suppose. Why? Seems sudden of you to ask.”
“I-I-I’m f-fine…” Sherlock repeated, his eyes closed and his skin white as a sheet – Watson stood there in shock, the sight of this much blood on his friend making him feel sick. “I-I was just…” Sherlock said, his body movement stopping suddenly.
“Have you got a lead? A motive?” John asked, sitting in his chair, craving tea but not wanting to finish it with so many questions. “This case is buggered – it’s taken so long. Isn’t it bothering you.”
that?” Lestrade asked, wanting to motion people in to take a look, but he halted his movements to let Sherlock finish.
“And how did he line up the puncture wounds – he must’ve known.” John said, frowning deeply. “He… why would he do that?”
His hair was a curly mess atop his head, completely unkempt. His eye was more swollen as he’d been sleeping on it, and even his other eye was puffy from sleeping so long. He sat up, revealing he’d gone to sleep in his day-clothes, not having bothered to change out of them. “Oh. You’re back.” Holmes said, standing up and walking out of the room promptly. “I figured you’d return. Did you get bread?”
Sirens are made to get your attention, to warn you they’re coming, to show authority. The lights do the same – they double as a team. You can multiply and divide how many you have, and oh did Lestrade multiply.
“Sherlock, you almost killed yourself!” Watson yelled, but when he got looks from the people around him he quickly turned and started speed walking towards the flat angrily. “There was blood everywhere.” He whispered into the phone, his feet swiping briskly across the pavement.
“Yes, I know, I saw him, met him, he almost killed me, go on.” Sherlock said, gesturing. His voice was still tender – from his throat, and because he was glad to see John again. And how happy he clearly was to see Sherlock awake again.
They sat in silence for quite some time, but then the clock struck noon. Sherlock could practically sense it, turned on the TV, said something about needing to pop out, and left. John had asked if he should tag along, but Sherlock said he wouldn’t be long. Unfortunately, John didn’t dig into it.
“Of course he has minor input and alternate opinions, but it’s him, not his ideas. He’s bothering me – taking up brain space. I’ll lose if I keep thinking about him.”
“Sherlock…” Molly said, pausing. Her suspicions were driving her insane, she had to clear them up… cautiously. “How do you feel around John?” She asked, making eye contact for a moment.
“I’ll keep today’s murder in mind to try to remember it well – in case a connecting event comes to light.” Sherlock said, focusing solely on his work now. Watson nodded, leaving the room to see the sky had fallen dark and the stars twinkled around the clouds – he hadn’t noticed on the way back from the store, but it had definitely been dark for a while. He wandered up to his room, calling out a “
just a willing test subject for the serum.” Watson said, making Sherlock pause. He sipped his tea carefully, feeling it was still too hot. “Like, he wanted to make sure it was perfect for his real victim so he could get away with it. So, he found someone willing to take the fall that would cover his tracks completely.”
“Sherlock, this is not something to fret about-” Watson sighed, but he was shushed promptly. He did not utter another word unless Sherlock asked a question, but every answer he gave only agitated him further. He wasn’t sure why he was thinking about this rather than whining over a lack of a good case.
“Here.” John threw a blanket around the boys shoulders. “Stay here.” the boy just nodded and curled up blinking unseeingly at the gun in johns gloved hands. Then seemed to be falling into some sort of sleep. John watched for a moment then went to work. The needles were collected and wiped of prints. John found a large rucksack where he packed up the morphine and cocaine along with a few other goodies he found. The Viagra and lube found a place in the pack as well. John then went over the bedroom and collected his boys clothes. That was when he found that the bed itself had drawers and oh were they worth finding. Whips, paddles, handcuffs, gags, and blindfolds. John found several cock cages of different sizes and designs. Also a case that said sounds on the front, and once john had read the instructions on the inside smiled as his imagination ran wild. There were other things that he could only guess at and others that he had a vague idea about. He found a duffel bag in one corner and packed it all up anyway. John dressed the boy and all but carried him out of the building. No cameras or inquisitive neighbors no wonder Casanova lived there. John snagged a cab that got them close to the wear house, but still far enough away that john was sweating by the time he had doubled back and muddied their route that no one would be able to follow them,on foot or on CCTV.
He hadn’t been answered. He had asked a question and Sherlock hadn’t answered him. That was nothing new from Sherlock. The Sherlock that had jumped.This was his Sherlock. A Sherlock Holmes that was his to have and hold and make and break. His Sherlock would answer his questions.
John pulled the young Sherlock into the converted office space. His sweet Sherlock, the one chained to the bed. The sweet thing was still asleep. The blanket pulled up to his chin and a hand still imprinted on the smooth neck. The younger man was set on a chair while john got the ropes. John let himself feel while he stripped the boy. He knew he didn’t have much time at the moment. And that when he got back from dealing with Greg he would take his time to memories his new boys body. It took him almost fifteen minuets to get the boy tied up. He dropped a kiss on the tousled head.
Tell me if i should add one more chapter and make it a happy ending. I like ending it right here, but i have an idea for a happy ending. Let me know what you think.
"John I believe in that. Sherlock was telling the truth before he got up on the roof, I don't know why he had to lie to you like that, but don't doubt it was to protect you from something."
Sherlock the picture was from the night john had meet him. John was in a bar trying to drown in a pint. Then a bustling party rushed through the door. And there he was. John had spent the night following him. The party at the bar turned into drinks at his apartment and then there were only three. His Sherlock being pawed at by a large woman with breasts to fake to even believe, while another man sat on the couch and touched himself. The door opened for him, like a gift. They hadn't even locked it. It was a sign. Proof that it was meant to be. The fur coat he found in the closet was perfect and silenced his shot well. The couple on the bed never even heard their audience die. Then he took his time lining up the shot that splattered brains all over the bed spread. Sherlock never got to scream before there was a gun in his mouth. John had pulled him up and shoved him in the shower.
I love you John Watson. Please be happy... Do one thing for me. Make sure your child isn’t around Anderson too much. Even if he is more palatable if he worships me, his idiocy will infect the child.
Teenage sherlock began to cry softly in the corner. His eyes fixed on john.  John laughed and then guided sherlock back to his aching cock.
"I'll help you." John had closed his eyes and was desperately not thinking about all those times when Sherlock had looked at him like he was the only thing that mattered in the world. Those usually happened after Lestrade had failed to defend him, especially against one of Donovan's crueler comments.
After Sherlock had jumped john had gone into his room with every intention of ending his own life along with Sherlock. He had instead found over fifty thousand dollars, twice that in euros, and several thousand pounds. There were also two dozen passports with both his and Sherlocks faces on them and a list of addresses that Sherlock apparently owned. John never knew about any of this. Hell he doubted Mycroft knew about Sherlocks rainy day fund. It was when he found the passports that he had fallen apart. Sherlock was going to run and he would have brought john with him. They would have done it together. Then all he could think about where that last words Sherlock had said to him. “That’s what people do, don’t they? Leave a note.” John had refused to believe what he was hearing. He had refused even as he watched his friend, the man he had never got the chance to tell, the man he loved die. “Goodbye John.” That had been it, the last words that beautiful man had ever spoken. In those first few days where john had slept in Sherlocks bed and sent longing looks over at his gun he had realized something. “Friends protect people.”  The last words he had spoken to Sherlock’s face. “That’s what people do don’t they.” Sherlock had given up on friends and love at some point in his life, but John had revived that hope. Friends help people so Sherlock had done the one thing he knew people did in hope that his friends would protect him. John had failed him. He would not fail him again.
Every thing is hard. Breathing is painful. You were always there to fix me. I don’t think you can fix me anymore. I know you never wanted me, not like I wanted you. That’s not the point. No one has ever been able to stand being around me for more than a week. You stayed and for that I will always be in your debt. I may not make it out of this tonight. My fault. Punishment for what I have become. If this is the last time I get to say it. Goodbye John.
Im lookong for a beta to make things go faster and to just be better in general.  Anyone interested?
The doctor felt his arm connect with Greg's nose. He let the pained wail satisfy him that it was truly broken. Blood on the floor of molly's morgue dully registered on johns mind as a bad thing. It registered as death, blood on the pavement meant death. Sherlock was dead and he had never told the him that john loved...
"His name is actually Keven. Keven McAlister, but yeah he's a dead ringer for Sherlock. "  Both molly and john turned to look at Greg. The blood had stopped dripping from his nose, but his face still looked horrible. He was using molly's freshly bloodstained lab coat to wipe away the worst of the mess.
“Good boy.” John stroked the dark curls away from the pale face. He smoothed away the tear tracks and warmed the trembling arms. John got the small bottle of lubricant john had stored in a set of drawers by the bed. John was just about to burst out of his pants. He cut sherlocks trousers to ribbons always making sure not to tear the precious flesh beneath the thin fabric. John lowered himself over the pale body laid bare beneath him. He took Sherlock’s legs under the shaking knees and pushed them up to meet his shoulders. He lowed himself down to where his cheek rested on the quivering thighs watching the soft cock between them twitch and jerk as john ran the blade of his knife from navel to balls. He caressed the sweet little cock with the flat of his blade. John dragged he sharp point lower and lower each time returning to torture the head of Sherlock’s cock with the dull edge. Finally after he had gotten bored with the terrified screams and agonized begging he let the blade rest on sherlock’s perfectly curved ass.
Marry will be the normal life you always craved. I don’t like her. She wont be able to give you what I could. The rush you got when we were on a case. You won’t find that anywhere else, not with her.
"McAlister was kidnapped ten days ago. No one has seen or heard from him since his cast party. Apparently he was a big star in c grade movies, before he got picked up for the stage that is.
" Yes. Thats perfect. Absolutly perfect my darling." John let  the man between his legs do his own work while he focused on the boy across the room. The boy was suspened from the roof beams by dark red rope. The harness emobalised the boys arms while pulling his legs up and away from his body. The perfect position for the  mechanisim underneath him to work. It had taken john an hour to set the thing up, but he knew from the look on the boys face that it would be worth it. It was a simple affair. A large blue dildo mounted on a stick atatched to gears and a motor. The fucking machine was small, but the effect it had was great. The stiffled screaming and shouting had given way to muffled moans and gasps. The boy had strugled at first. It had amused john to watch the boy hold himself up so the dildo just breached his ass. Then when his muscles had spasmed he colapsed and was helpless to stop his sweet little hole being fucked open. At the moment john was watching the boy try and control his twitching limbs. As he twitched, the movment sent him rocking on the silicon lover in a way john loved to hear the boy expess. The red ball let only the best sounds comeforth, and the trembling moans and punched out whines were quickly becoming johns favorite. He wished he had thought to set up some cameras so he could revisit this moment again. John smiled to himself as he pushed his sherlock all the way down his cock and though. "Next time."
"Ohh yes." John hissed out throught his teeth as his sherlock pushed past his gag reflex to swallow johns cock all the way down. John wiped away the tear trickeling down the perfect cheeks. He had spent the last hour and fifteen minutes helping his sherlock move past this point. They had started by just tickleing the back of sherlocks throat with johns cock, then moved on to pushing till he gagged. John had held his dick at that point just befor it triggersd the reflex. Now john was slowly but surely pushing that boundry. The feeling of his sherlocks throat was loverly. Made even more so by the veiw he had set up.
You didn’t wait for me. I never expected you would, we were flat mates to you. I was a tool for you to get you fix. Two addicts using one another.
“OH my love you should have said. I will be so very gentle. Can I show you baby? Can I make love to you?” Sherlock opened his dark eyes and stared up at john. Then slowly he nodded his head. His Sherlock. John let the knife clatter to the floor. His new mission was to make Sherlock first time one he would never forget.
“Oh God John, I’m sorry. Of course I’m glad to see. We missed you. We were worried about you.” John smiles at her. She was exactly the same as when Sherlock fell, all the best parts of their companionship. Like a time bubble made flesh.
An hour later his Sherlock woke and found himself alone. He was clad in a blue dressing gown with his arms unbound and his wrists bandages. He was clean and all his wounds had been bandages with a plastic bowl next to him filled with soup. The slender ankle was tethered to the floor by a chain that was attached to a steel cuff padlocked onto the young man leg. There was about five feet of give that gave the man some freedom. Sherlock ate the soup and then pulled up the covers and fell into a drug induced sleep.
The sweet half sentences coming from  Sherlock flowed down johns spine like fire. He gave the one last lick at the small ring of muscles. John got up and pressed his lips to Sherlock’s.
“No! Its not a lie! I... I can be him. I am him.” The delusion knew it was a mistake the moment the words left his mouth. He threw himself towards John, begging for mercy, whispering lies into the blood stained air.
“I’ll be him. I’ll be him and you wont have to hurt me for not being him. I can be him.” John thought about it for a moment. Could he really have Sherlock back. He looked down at the high cheekbones, the perfect lips and pale skin. Then he saw the cautions hope that emerged in the dark brown eyes. His gaze hardened again, face contorted with rage. How could he have even thought about this, he had failed Sherlock. Let him jump, let him fall.
“Oh john I’m so sorry. I should have known. Greg feels terrible about his part in Sherlock’s death. He almost resigned.” John interrupted.
“He didn’t though did he. He’s still there. I thought I could trust him. Sherlock though he could trust him.”
“Hi Molly, it’s good to see you too.” John said as he walked into the  examination room. He was smiling. Truly happy to see his awkward friend.
“You fuck. You absolute dick. I came here because… do you think I want to be here where he…” John is panting. Standing above Greg with murder in his eyes. John physically couldn’t get the words out he is so angry. So he doesn’t use his words, he uses his fists. He got a few good hits to Greg’s face, as well as a satisfying crack with his shoe made contact with the detectives ribs. Molly pulled him of the cowering inspector after another few kicks.
He won. Moriarty won. He wanted me alone, with everything I cared for torn to shreds. As I sit here when I should be at your wedding reception I realize that I am alone. He took you from me. I tried so hard to have a place in your new life. Now I realize that I will be there when you need me and I must learn to be satisfied with that. I never had expectations of others before. You changed that. You changed everything. When you need me I’ll be there. I need drugs now,
“Tell me what you want and I promise I will give it to you and more.” John stood at the head of the bed and slid his fingers under the unsteady chin.
Because you would hate me. You might hate me anyway. I would. I do. Don’t forsake me John you're the only link to humanity I have. The last words you spoke to me, face to face were that friends protect people. You might have meant it to hurt, and I might have deliberately pushed you there. John please. I need you to protect all that I am. Even if you are half a world away. You are everything good in this world. Everything I have left.
I’m sorry. I have no right to be jealous. I thought, well what I thought was obviously wrong and has no place here. I want you to be happy. I had imagined that you were happy with me, but if Marry is what makes you happy I’ll do everything I can to make that happen.
John smoothed the shaking legs. He kissed from the ankles to the curve where the thighs meet the perfect ass. Sherlock had a glassy eyed look in his eyes. He kept his eyes on john as he moved. The bottle of lube was popped open and john luxuriated in the feeling of Sherlock’s unwillingly hard cock slipping between his dripping fingers. The red mouth sang a chores of moans and sighs. From the high scream when john flicked him thumb over the head of Sherlock’s cock and scooped out the drop of pre-cum that sat like a dewdrop at the top, to the low vibrating groan that resonated through the every bone in johns body when he left a stripe over Sherlock's twitching hole with his tongue. The army doctor spent far more time worshiping the area between his lovers legs. John could not pull himself away from that perfect tight hole. He had Sherlock’s legs over his shoulders and spent a good hour making the man before him scream. This time he screamed, not from fear or pain but from the desperate pleasure he was being forced to endure. John licked and sucked and gave just the hint of teeth against Sherlock's rim, and when the brunet was just on the edge of coming john would reach up and wrap a hand around the desperate cock. Choking any chance of release.
"Ill help for molly. I'll help for Sherlock. This is professional. Don't try to make it anything its not." John watched the hope die from the Directive inspectors eyes and knew he was understood
John took the remote control he had been playing with out of his pocket and set it on the table. His sherlock eyes it for a moment of apprehension then went back to fucking his throat with john's cock. The poor love was doing a exelent job concidering the small vibrator he wore up his arse had been going on and off depending on johns whimsy. John had gotten back from looking at the apartment his sherlock come from Lestrade had sent a new face to show john around and take notes of what he noticed. John had pointed them in the direction of a bookie and been on his way. When he got home he felt the need to make his sherlock beg. John had slammed open the door and dragged the boy out. John set him up in a chair just outside of the door. The boy could hear everything but the black hood over his head made sure he saw nothing. Then john had spread his sherlock out on the floor, tied his legs and arms and fucked him till there was nothing but soft moans and desperate crys of please. After he had finished john lay there cushioning his head on sherlocks breast and listened to his heart beat. He spent what felt like hours just listening to the pumping of blood thru his sherlocks body. He presses his ear to his chest, his wrists anywhere he could find a pulse. His sherlock had petted his hair and lay still till he was done. Like the good boy john had trained him to be. The boy on the other hand had not been so good.  He had tipped over the chair and had been inching his way to the door. John knew that even if the boy got free of the chair and made it to the door. He would never get farther than that. Biometrics from the original sherlock had taken care of that. The escape attempt was the reason for the boys uncomfortable position.
They sat on the floor in silence for a time. Both of them thinking about the first time they had met Sherlock Holmes.
“What?” His anger disappeared with a flash, this shouldn't confuse him. He knew it was a lie, just another lie that was being told to him. There was something in the curve of his spine, and in the tilt of his head that was just purely Sherlock.
I was infiltrating the second ring of that arms dealer i was looking into in France. I had to make up a tragic back story. It was rather pathetic to tell you the truth. I used your name. Not Watson. As you repeatedly told me, your blog has a far larger readership than i had imagined. Told them John was the name of my brother. The brother I had lost because I was poor and didn’t have enough money to pay for his TB treatment. I know. I can imagine the look on your face. It would have made you laugh. I have to go now.
My brother has no knowledge that these letters were delivered. They were supposed to arrive on the occasion of his death should he not return from his mission. As he will not be returning for this assignment I believed you had the right to read them.
“Look at me!” His voice was deep and the brown eyes shot up to lock with his blue. “Stay perfectly still.” Were his only words of warning before the point of the blade was set to rest against the opening of the perfect ass before him. Sherlock body froze even as his mouth gasped back a scream.
“No, Please No. You don’t need to do this. Just let me taste you. I’ll make it good. I promise. Don’t hurt me.” Tears fell thick and fast and the lovely voice broke and whined in fear. John resisted the urge to lick up the salty mess his Sherlock was making.
“It’s me Sherlock. Please...Please.” He was hesitant to beg but he did it so well John couldn’t bring himself to hurt his Sherlock. Not now, not again. “Take me to bed. Please.”
"why..." His Sherlock paused as if he didn't have the words for what he wanted to ask. It was truly adorable.
“OH sweet. I wasn’t going to hurt you. I just wanted a nice clean knife so I can get you naked for me. Now make it quick before I decide you need to be taught how to follow orders.” John could have cum with the gasping sob that broke his Sherlock. How his shoulders slumped and feet kicked. How the tears stopped, but the shaking grew. The pink tongue darted out and wet the red lips, Then curled up to swipe along the flat of the blade. John was enthralled by the sight before him. The knife reflecting the terror his Sherlock was going through. How his own blood and tears stained the sweet lips. Again and again Sherlock lapped at the blade cleaning it till it shone silver again.
I am not the same man I was. I’m not sure I could ever look you in the eye. The last letter I wrote to you that will reach you only if I die was written in the in the middle of a wring of corpses. The screams and supplications still ringing off the walls. I never wanted too stain you with this. You told me I was extraordinary once. I hoped that when I came back you would still look at me that way. I am sorry. Lestrade held out hope for me once, I managed to disappoint him as well. I’m sorry to bring you into this long line of people that put their trust in me only to be disappointed. I may not be good for much else, but this I can do. I can finish what I started and make sure you are never under Moriarty’s power again. You will never have to know. Whats one more lie.
I am going undercover. I don’t know if ill be alive to write you another letter. If I’m not, please know that I meant everything I said. It has been the greatest pleasure of my frustrated existence to have been a part of yours. I love you john Watson. For whatever it is worth I do love you.
“I asked If you liked it.” John stared strait in to the face of the man he loved and saw every word never spoke, every opportunity missed, all the times he could have, but never did. His voice got low. Soft is a way that he had learned in the heat of war. “Do you like it when I’m about to fuck your worthless ass with a knife and rip into bloody strips. Is that what you’d like?”
“Who’s we molly. You get a boyfriend I don ‘t know about. “The mortician blushes furiously and stutters out.
I’m coming home. Its been two years but I’m coming home. I have blood on my hands, I killed them, killed them all. I missed one. Moran, Sebastian Moran. Moriarty’s right hand man. There might be trouble with his later on, but we will deal with that together. i know you are going to hate me when I come back. That might just kill me before anything else does. You’ll forgive me wont you? You are all I have, you have to forgive me. I’ll show you how it can be just like old times. You and me, the blood pumping though our veins, just us against the rest of the world. like in the beginning
“I don’t know. I knew I was on thin ice after I refused to shut up about Sherlock. I don’t think they’d fire me for not being able to help, but...” At that moment the door slammed open to reveal Greg.
The army doctor closed the line and threw the phone against the wall where it harmlessly bounced down onto the bed with the unconscious man still bound to the head board. John stopped and looked. He just stood there and looked. This man was his. His Sherlock. The skin so clear and pale and him. That mouth was him. Sherlock, was dead. That didn’t mean he had to die. His Sherlock was here and his Sherlock was his.
I am proud of this chapter. It took me ages to finish, but its done. I did it all in like 3-6 sentence bits between work and school.
“NO!” A single word screamed out before the man lost all ability to speak. He simply sobbed silently in exhausted desperation. John smiled.
John knew that was untrue. Molly could be in trouble for her part in sheltering Sherlock in his last hours. She could be in trouble for continuous speaking out about Sherlock. She would never be questioned on her ability. John couldn’t take the chance. He had to go. For molly.
"You see love. I take good care of my pets." He pushed the mouth down till he felt it gag and convulse. He closed his eyes and pushed down harder. Till he heard panicked sounds and fingers frantically trying to get his attention. Then he wrenched the head back and watched intently as his sherlock coughed, sputtered, and drank in lungfulls of air. John reached out to hold the panting tongue between his thumb and finger.
“I’ll be him!” That scream had John stopped in his tracks. knife poised for the strike while the other hand held his target still.
"Look John help me please. Comeback to the world of the living. We miss you John, we worry about you."
“Well me and Greg have gone on a few drinks, but until his divorce comes through he refuses to do anything else. He really is a gentleman. I’ve never had that before. I mean besides… John?”
“Sherlock, one more time, please.” He smiled down and felt the smooth skin under his hands, reveling it the memories the touch provoked. The chocolate brown eyes came up cautiously. So full of fear and pain, and just that small flicker of hope John saw whenever he started to truly believe the lie he had constructed for himself. The truth came back to John with all it’s crushing weight. Sherlock had jumped. Lestrade and the police had bought the story Moriarty had spun. The media had of course lapped it up like dogs in the desert. The only one that had believed John was Anderson of all people. Those dark chocolate eyes told him about all his failures and everything he had lost. He hated them. John rose from his chair and backhanded the liar across the face. The blow threw the deceiver to the floor. John fisted his hands in the dark hair and ripped the face up. The bastard kept his eyes closed this time. Struggling to keep his balance.
“God do you have any idea what it’s like to be back here. All I see is him. I met him here you fucking prick. I watched him die here and now you are using the only good left of him.” He made a gesture at molly at this and then stopped. What was the use? Lestrade was useless. He never believed in Sherlock. He just used him. That’s all he ever did, use them. John, Sherlock, Molly. Used them.
“Yes I’m yours.” The beautiful lips quivered as john claimed them. He could taste blood and iron and fear. Inch by inch john made his way across the skin below him and cleaned it of blood and gore. He had always expected Sherlock to have sensitive nipples, and was disappointed to find he was wrong. He didn’t let that stop him from lavishing attention on the sweet pink nubs. John ground his hard cock in sherlock’s clothed legs. The friction set his nerves on fire. He could have cum like that, with Sherlock writhing underneath him in a way that made his own grinding all the more pleasurable. Instead he pulled himself up and away from the bed. He stood there for a long time simply looking at the beautiful creation in his bed.
“Well like I said we’re not dating or anything like that, but I can’t imagine it not getting there. Like I said when the divorce goes through. She really was a horrible woman and treated Greg like dirt. But he...”
You came to my grave to day. I saw you at the funeral, but today you came to say goodbye. I was waiting for you to come back to 221B. You didn’t. I had to see you one more time. I had to see you one more time before I left. I had to make sure you were alive the at you were whole. I heard what you said after Ms.Hudson left. I am sorry I hurt you. I want you to be strong for me. I will be back and I will have done some terrible things. Mycroft is watching you, he will keep you as safe as he can. I hope when I get back you can forgive me.
“Pretend.” This was an order in it’s simplest form. The man with the pail chest and soft skin understood it. John was loath to even think it but the impostor was smart.
“Now how does that feel baby? You like that?” John was focused completely on the small twitching bud and the silver point moving its hypnotic way around the dark edges. John loved the way the metal reflected the smooth skin he was so eager to mark. He was entranced by the way the muscles moved as if they themselves were shy of the knife.
“Greg. Yes he does. I mean its only been social drinks twice, but I feel good around him. Sort of like I did with Sherlock, but this is reciprocated. It’s a lot healthier. For the both of us.”
There is so much I wish to say. So much I wish you could understand, but I have neither the words or the time. I’ll see you soon. For the last time john. I love you.
Molly was kneeling next to him as he had apparently fallen and pressed his back against the island work surface.
Hi, soooooo I'm a price of shit, but life is kind of like that too. So here is a new chapter. I'm sorry it took me so long.
"Take it slow John, remember to breath." Molly helped him take two gasping breaths, his were desperate and wet and nothing like the beautiful harmony he had pulled out of the man he had in bed just a few hours before.  His Sherlock. His Sherlock was waiting for him. He had to get back. John lurched to his feet. That never forgotten name half out of his mouth before he saw the picture. Scattered on the ground like leaves. Sherlock. His Sherlock smiling and shaking hands with someone in a suit. His Sherlock the same Sherlock he had spread across a bed half way across London. He had to get back now. Greg blocked his way by picking up the photograph.
“Well if they’re missing heads I’d start with that, you never know someone really smart may come along and tell you the same thing.”
“Sherlock never begged.” He growled, ready to tear, and rip, and kill. He grabbed the switch blade knife that had been hastily stuffed into his pocket, ready to cut out the eyes before him.
“Ohhhh god.” There it is. the picture of Sherlock laid out before him writhing on his cock, his eyes almost rolling up, and mouth hanging open whispering half finished words that begged for more, john knew he was done for. He grabbed Sherlock's cock and pulled the man in time to his thrusts. It took less that ten pulls before Sherlock let out a moan to put the gods to shame and sprayed his orgasm all over his heaving belly. John was right behind him and allowed the waves of pleasure to wash over him.
"Why is he here." His Sherlock jerked his dark curls to indicate the boy bound to the chair. John looked over and really got a look at the boy. He was sweating and bleeding, with wide eyes full of fear and panic. He sat stock still as if he could escape notice by not moving. The spider gag had long since started dripping the boys saliva down the tightly muscled chest and torso. The cock cage John had taken almost to much pleasure in attaching was sure to be cold and pinching by now. His boy looked glorious.
“It may be uncomfortable at first and a bit of a stretch, but I promise you it wont hurt.” John loved this Sherlock. This Sherlock was so sweet and afraid. He just wanted to gather him up and hide him away from all the evils of the world.
“You have to relax. Bare down a little and just relax.” john smiled and held himself perfectly still to give the man under him a chance to acclimatize. It was hell to not just rut into the whole the was squeezing him oh so perfectly, but he did it. He did it for Sherlock.
I am in the south of France waiting for the drug addicted son of a wealthy weapons dealer. I believe he (The father not the son, obliviously. ) is where Moriarty obtained his explosives. You would have loved this chase. I actually had to dive into the seine two days ago. I nearly froze to death on my way to the safe house. You would have yelled at me for being so reckless. I am at a hotel bar posing as the new street competition for the sons drug of choice. I’m not using, you needn’t worry yourself. If all goes to plan ill be able to find his father and will have the first thread of Moriarty’s web in my hand within a week. I hope you are well. I know that you lost many friends during your time in afganastan. I hope you know I am loath to cause you any pain that is not absolutely necessary. I think we can both agree that without me you will be happier. You always said that I cock-blocked you from any women that might have been even passingly interested in you. It’s been a fortnight since I saw you at my grave. I want you to be happy. Please John for me, be happy.
John looked at the boy sitting in front of him. His pupils were blown huge and john was not sure if the boy was actually awake. All the better for him.The boy was shivering. John had left the window open and the London night was coming in.
I am waiting. There are men in front of me that are in pain. They are in pain because I need information. John they are in pain because iF want the to be. If they tell me wht I need to know I will kill them and take their place. I’m writing for them to break and need to appear occupied and unconcerned. There are three men two blond one red headed. The red head is almost thirty and has spent most of his life behind bars. I have bound him to a bed with his feet hanging over the edge. I set a small fire to slowly melt away the flesh from his overactive nerves. He is screaming absence things at me as his feet melt. The heat blisters have already burst and now the blood is evaporating before it can drip into the fire. The other two have been forced to sit and watch and listen to their friend. They may tell e what I want to know, but I’m afraid that they wont escape. I have some very interesting ideas for these two. They are young and fit. They will survive much suffering before I’m done with them. I have never felt power like this. Life and death so intertwined they are inseparable. Their pain becomes my pleasure. If I had known that this is what Moriarty was offering me I would have taken it. John you are the only thing that kept me on the side of the angels. That line has gotten much more complicated.
“O.k love here we go. just remember to keep relaxed.”John thrust forward and let out a moan. God this was perfect. This had nothing to do with the six months he had been celibate, or the mental frustration he had had about his inability to get hard without picturing his best friend. No this was Sherlock and everything was perfect. He was going to make this perfect for Sherlock too. He angled himself this way and that keeping a steady pace trying to find that clump of nerves that would make his Sherlock see stars.
I hate the beach. It’s all sun and sand and loud. It burns my skin and the unpredictable nature of sand is unbelievably annoying. I know your laughing. I’m sitting here on a beach trying to choke back some abomination passing for whiskey. The last few weeks have been busy. I’m sure that these would be some of your more interesting blog posts if you were here to write about them. The black tie prison break. The case of the violate thumb. How to escape a airport as a Gardner, or the suitcase that was 2 pounds light. The ballerina’s curse. The gogo club of death. You would have been amazed by ending to that one. It ended with a underage film pornographer stoned out of his mind taking body shots off the police commissioner. You would have had a wonderful time. Right now I’m waiting for my date. Two people going out, thought we wont be out long. You see I have a small secluded cabin where I will take him. I don’t thing any one will be able to hear him scream from there. He is a loyal underling that has spent over a decade behind bars for his masters. I will have to hurt him. I will have to torture him. I have been reading up on the Americans advanced interrogation program. Most of my knowledge on the subject is from the Spanish Inquisition. He looked not unlike you. With the same build, hair and mouth anyone might mistake him for you. Apart from me that is. I’ve never tourtred someone before. Now that I am a murder I don’t suppose it will be that difficult. It is after all simply killing someone very slowly. Maybe you would disagree. I suppose you would.  You always saw a different side of death and pain than me. I’m still not sure how one can die nobly or bravely take pain. Adverbs don’t change the reality of what is happening. I hope you can forgive me when you read these letters. I miss you john.
That’s what John did. His picked up the half starved body of his new Sherlock and carefully took him to bed. John made his way to the small refortified cell that had once been an office. The cot was small and creaked. John didn’t care if it made noise or that they couldn't sleep together comfortably. He had Sherlock all to himself, that was all that mattered. He would get a bigger bed soon. If this one behaved himself. He rebound the shaking hands to the bed above the dark curls.The bloody hands twitched with loss of circulation. John pressed his lips to each digit, sucking and licking the life back into them. He made his way down the pale arms taking his knife and slicing away the ruined shirt from his new lovers precious skin. Sherlock shivered as the blood stained knife caressed his pail ribs. John’s lips made their way to sherlock’s neck to his ear, then back down to suck the pooled blood from his collar bones.
"Look. After Sherlock... Well after that I didn't have much. My wife moved out, took the kids with her and I was left with the death of my marriage and the death of the most brilliant man I had ever met. I couldn't loose my job too. I'd have ended up worse than Anderson. I'm sorry John. I'm sorry I let you down." Lestrade was looking at John like he could give him forgiveness. As if john could make it ok if he said that Lestrade was forgive. John could not make it ok. Nor did he want to.
“Right.” Holmes nodded, wondering what was wrong with his cover-up stories, but pushing that thought aside for the moment.
Molly mulled it over, her eyes glancing at the scars on his forearms with wide eyes – they weren’t normal cut marks, they were down the length of each arm – from elbow crook to wrist bone. Molly frowned – so did Holmes, as she herself went pale. He tried to find what she was looking at by turning around – but he saw nothing there of interest.
John had listened to Holmes’s babbling all morning, his mind half dozed as he had gotten a rough sleep the night previous.
“Assumedly so – everything is being assumed with this one.” Holmes mumbled, seeming almost uncomfortable with this conversation. Not before John asked though – when he was mumbling he was doing so quite happily. John stared at him, the creases in his face hardening. “What is it now?” Holmes asked, rolling his eyes stiffly. “Something on my face?”
Holmes sat in the cab and stewed about John, only a hint of a thought as to why he was stewing about this coming up. Something about this was bothering him more than usual, and he knew there was a reason – John was off somehow, not more than usual… but Holmes felt it more than any time previous.
while, doing who-knows-what. Watson began to worry when the Sun started setting and Sherlock hadn’t returned. He was probably ignoring every guideline Watson had created to help keep him safe from himself. Not that there were many; there were few enough so he could break them all in this amount of time.
He was walking around it with a pocket-magnifier and looking at various parts of the body as it was found. John stared at it in horror, seeing the puncture wounds – much more obvious now. They weren’t made by a syringe this time. The puncture wounds were made with some kind of harpoon, having gone through the body and punctured a wooden surface – small wooden flakes were left on the body. Two puncture wounds – one through the heard, and one through the bowels. Hard to say which came first, but Holmes thought the heart so that’s what they assumed for the time being – though it was trivial, really.
“I’ve had a realization this morning, John,” Sherlock started, now anxiously standing next to Watson, back to the counter, leaning into it slightly. “The man who was injected was, in fact, a test subject – but not a willing one. I considered his recent medical history.” He followed Watson over towards where they kept tea bags and cups, his mind racing almost as fast as his eyes.
They both hummed in agreement, shaking their heads. John wondered what he could do to help, then answered his own question as he opened his mouth to ask and Holmes shushed him. He sat down in his chair, rubbing his temples as he waited for Holmes to finish what he was doing.
“John, you have to return immediately. There are so many people that think they’re intelligent – that think they know more than me, but they’re wrong. They’re wrong Watson. You have to return or I’ll break out and come home.”
Holmes also took his coat off and rolled his sleeves up to his elbows, pacing through the lounge with his fingers steepled beneath his chin. John came back and stared at his exposed arms for a moment, expression dropping from his face for a moment before he tore his eyes away and sat down in his chair.
John let the boy fall onto the floor as he set down the packs on a large table that was once used in an office. The wall he was facing was teen yards across and filled with pictures and notes in Sherlocks elegant and illegible hand. String and thread of different colors wove its way back and forth in a map of webs. One connected to the other and all connected to a single hand drawn picture at the top. Moriarty. John had spent days looking and charting that wall when he had first found Sherlocks bolt hole. It was an old paper factory that had been abandoned ages ago. Sherlock had some how got his hands on it and now the whole thing belonged to john.
“Come on, I know you can do it.” He knew the floor was cold and circulation in the bound arms was being cut off.
“Oh my poor baby. Did I scare you?” The dark head nodded as a silent cry wracked the slim body. “My sweet boy you were so strong and now you are just falling apart, what happened? Is it because of this?” John held up the knife. His eyes tracked from the steel in his hand to the quivering hole he had been toying with, and then to the soft cock nestled on the pail stomach.
I’m sorry. I know you don’t know what happened, but I am so so sorry. The worst part is that I loved it. More than anything else, I loved it and I am sorry.
"What's going on in that big brain of yours love." John knew his sherlock was worried. He could see it in the mans every move.
Greg's voice sounded even more muffled than Molly's and slightly slurred as well. John's vision was coming back and he hadn't even noticed when it had first gone.
“Yes of course I came back.” John reached out to brush his hand over Sherlock’s face. He flinched away from the touch instinctively then came back quickly, nuzzling into the touch to make up for the reflex.
The pain killers they have in Mexico are wonderful. Even the black market has a surprising selection. Mycroft always said I was at my most sentimental when high. I’m starting to believe him. I shouldn't be writing this now. I should wait until the drugs are out of my system. I have never loved anyone in my life john, but I love you. I think you should know that. I don’t know why you should know. You don’t love me and that hurts. I’m sorry that I left you, but I would rather die than see you harmed. I’m starting to hope that I never see you again, just so that I never have to face the fact that you will never feel the same about me. I’m so close to ending this drug ring, but I’m not sure what it will cost.
Johns hands were shaking as he held the picture in his hands in the upper left corner of the picture you could see the back of one John H. Watson. His hat was on backwards and his coat wrinkled and dirty. John held his breath.
"Please. I'll be good...I'll be good. I'll make it good. I'll make it good. Please, please. Just...let me try again and ill make it good. I'll be good. I'll be better. I didnt try and run. I didn't run. Please...don't. You don't have to replace me." The last sentence was said with the mans lips clawing at his neck. Almost in hope of kissing his way to safety. John let his Sherlock kiss him for a few moments. While the boy in the corner whimpered and writhes in his bonds.
The smell of blood was strong. It filled the air like a red fog that clung to his skin. His hair slick with sweat, sticking up in odd places as he ran his hands through it. John was panting as he sat in the rusting hard backed chair. He combed his fingers into the mass of dark curls resting on his thigh. They were covered with blood and grime and John relished the way he could brush the dirt way and find the soft strands just underneath. He dug his fingers into the beautiful hair and viciously tore it backwards snapping the head it was attached to up. Satisfaction rolled off him in tangible waves with the each new scream of pain that came from the man below him. The bowed lips opened wide in the perfect “O” and then trembled closed trailing whimpers behind them. The man was kneeling between John’s spread legs. His arms twisted behind his back and lashed together at his wrists and elbows with stiff leather cords. The black slacks John had pulled on the skinny hips were ridding low and revealing just a hint of pail skin that had John’s blood up. The shirt John had dressed him in had originally been a gray button up, but was now stained with dry and fresh blood. Unbuttoned and slipping off the slim shoulders, John was sure he had never seen a more beautiful sight. The pale skin flushed with fear, the eyes closed tight with pain. John let his gaze sweep over the strong chest covered with small cuts and burns, the blood making brilliant pictures on the alabaster skin. John’s cock was hardening again from where he had not even bothered to tuck it back into his trousers. The man below him gave a panicked whimper as John brought up the head and wiped the drop of pre-come across the high cheekbones.
“Fuck.” John didn’t want to leave his new Sherlock. The sweet thing looked so very pretty in his bondage. He looked just ready for… John tears himself away. By the time he heads out he had sorted the two bag he had taken from the drug dealer and organized his haul. He also left a few gifts for his two play mates. His Sherlock was left with leather cuffs gold silk lining the inside, and a large red ball strapped into that mobile mouth. For the boy a stainless steel cage encased the soft hairless cock, and a spider gag holding the pink lips continually open. He smiled on the tube as he thinks about his Sherlock waking up to find he is not alone. The tube is crowded with people on their way to work and john knows he looks looks rough. The same clothes from two days ago and dark circles under his eyes. Most people on the tube see a man who does not want to be there, if they see him at all.
“Mr. Watson, a pleasure to meet you at last. Do have a seat.” The man says, gesturing towards to a couple of folding chair to his left.
“Worry me? Why would I be worried if he hit on me?” John laughed. “He’s definitely easy on the eyes. I tell you, if I was ten years younger, or he was ten years older…”
“You’re kicking me out.” Sherlock said abruptly, finally putting the file aside and sitting up. He sounded crushed, but resigned.
“I was sitting right behind you, dear. And where do you think my boys learned it all, to not just see but to ‘observe’?”
Shameless flirting was one thing, but there was no way in hell John could keep up down on the dance floor. “I’d love to, really. But I’m not much of a dancer, and I’m actually only here to keep an eye out on my friend over there.” John said, nodding towards Bill and the redhead, who were doing what John supposed was meant to be dancing.
"Nothing, it’s just,” John paused, “there is no way you’re one of those ‘stop being selfish, you have to pick a side, men or women’ people.”
Sherlock barely left John’s side as they mixed and mingled with their guests, not that John minded. Even after three months together – and between cases, dates, and just spending time at home, they were together a good amount of those three months – he had yet to stop craving Sherlock to be as near as possible. Chances are he’d never grow used to it, never stop wanting, needing, Sherlock near.
Oh God, how he went nearly two weeks without kissing Sherlock, John would never know.  He may have had an ‘international reputation’, but kissing Sherlock was an experience in and to itself. He couldn’t believe he had gone the first thirty-five years of his life without knowing a kiss could be like this. Sherlock arms around his waist, hands fisted in his shirt; his arms wrapped tight around Sherlock’s neck, one hand clutching to those silky dark curls. It was a revelation.
“Oh god, we can’t have that.” John grinned. “No, no matter what day we practice, you’ll always be Mr. Thursday Night to me.”
John wasn’t even going to ask her how she knew that, she was Sherlock’s mum after all, that family had ways of knowing things he would never understand.
“Yep, you’re coming with me.” John said, helping Sherlock to his feet. John was so helpful, and considerate, and strong, and sexy. “They’ve given me your prescriptions, and all sorts of instructions, so I get to take you home now.”
Hooking a leg over John’s hip, and wrapping his arms around his shoulders, Sherlock pulled John impossibly closer. This was it, there was no slowing down, and there was no going back. But he didn’t want to slow down; he didn’t want to go back. He was entangled with everything he could ever want, everything he scarcely even dared dream he could have again was wrapped around him, on top of him, kissing him, touching him,
This was a matter of the heart. John bit his lip, he couldn’t let himself think too hard on that point, he didn’t want to get ahead of himself.
John’s hand immediately dropped from Sherlock’s neck and he pulled away. “Too much?” His voice was barely above a whisper.
“I’m sorry, but that’s part of an ongoing police investigation, and we’re not making any public statements at this time.”
Sherlock flushed at this, and looked away before speaking. “Usually he just slips me the files, and then I tell him what I see. Though a few times he’s let me on the scene when there aren’t too many higher ups present.”
Forever, for the rest of their lives, that surly, stubborn, ridiculous, extraordinary boy from the library, was his. Sherlock was his.
“You know, this isn’t how I envisioned our reunion would go.” John said quietly as he pulled up a chair next to Sherlock’s bed. “You unconscious on a ventilator, me scared out of my mind.”
“Oh you are observant, you should be a detective.” John laughed. Sherlock blushed. “There’s still the team banquet and it’s not like I’m just going to stop hanging out with my friends because the season is over. Plus a lot of guys are finding their own ways back, it’s not just me. Don’t worry Sherlock, I’d rather be with you, I'd rather ride with you. I really do like being with you.”
“Oh, I’m sure that’s not it, Mrs. Holmes.” Actually, John was almost positive that it was just that. Not that Sherlock had anything to be embarrassed of, his mum was lovely.
“Yeah… Yeah, it’s good to be home. I did miss London quite a bit.” John chuckled awkwardly, eyes glued to the remnants of his soup and sandwich.
“Right, so look at it from his standpoint.” Sarah said softly. “You’ve never really had a relationship, but you meet someone and start to feel something for him. It’s new, it’s unfamiliar, but you’re giving it a shot, when suddenly you see this questionable looking text. Think about it John, he was confused enough as it was, and so he panicked, he sabotaged himself.”
Sherlock shook his head as if to clear it, and all earlier traces of nerves and hesitance were gone. “I have no problem with picking locks and breaking and entering, but you never struck me as the criminal type, John.” He smirked.
“You may believe that to be true for now.” The man sighed. “But I’m the closest thing to a real friend that Sherlock Holmes is capable of having.”
“Dr. Flat-Face? You mean, Dr. Drier? That’s not a very nice name to call him after he made you not as hurty.”
“I’m a doctor, I know what the damaged septum of a habitual coke user looks like. Now I’m pretty sure there were probably a billion other little things that I missed, that you saw immediately, but I never said I came anywhere near your exceptional brilliance.”
“Alright,” John beamed, afraid of the real possibility of swooning right there, “let’s go make it official.”
“You can never be too sure. I may have walked in on your intended sans trousers, a minute ago.” Lestrade cringed.
“Thanks, I think so too.” Sherlock called after him, finally finding his voice for the first time since John arrived.
“There’s a bathroom through there, if you want to get changed.” John said, dropping his bag in the corner, and toeing off his trainers. “Where are your clothes?”
“It’s alright, he’s with me.” Lestrade said to the man behind the desk. “Come on, I’ll fill you in.” He turned back to John and led him over to the almost empty waiting area.
“Your clearly bisexual fellow medical student, with a healing ability, and plays some sport with Lestrade.”
John and Sherlock's little arrangement starts to turn into something different, not that either of them seem notice.
Kissing John was a revelation. Sherlock had dabbled a bit in his younger years, and while it had been pleasant, nothing compared to this. Nothing compared to John. Normally Sherlock’s brain raced, his thoughts were constantly in motion, jumping from one thing to another, processing and inputting everything. But at that moment, Sherlock’s thoughts slowed, his mind clear, there was only John. He could only focus on John’s lips moving against his, the slight scratch of John’s stubble against his chin, and the gentle touch of John’s thumb as he ran it along his cheek. Before, Sherlock saw everything at once, but now ‘everything’ had become John, John, John.
“Well, if the shoe fits.” John shrugged, pulling himself up. “I know I suggested trying to knock your attacker down, but you coming down with him – on top of him – bit counterproductive.” He smirked.
“Yes, apologies, Lestrade.” Sherlock said with a quick nod, then not bothering to enjoy the twin looks of surprise on both Lestrade and Sally’s faces for too long, started making his way into Julia Stoner’s flat. “Come along, John.”
Finally after nearly three weeks of radio silence, John answers a call from Greg, and that’s only because Greg’s last voice mail said he was going to send a squad to John’s flat.
Yeah, I know, I'm the worst. I'm not happy about what I just did there at the end, I'm sorry. But it will all be ok in the end, so please still leave me some comments and corrections.
John frowned. That made absolutely no sense at all. Sure, Sherlock wasn’t too sociable, or overly cheery, and maybe he was a bit odd, he had less than typical interests, he was blunt, impatient, slightly oblivious at times, and was a shade arrogant, but nothing about him was necessarily unlikeable. While he may not have been ordinary, he was interesting, and he had a macabre sense of humor that matched John’s. Sherlock was actually a decent friend once you looked passed the outer shell of blunt, oblivious, impatient arrogance. At least that’s the impression John got after two weeks of knowing the man.
“That I have the better partner.” Sherlock moaned, nipping at John’s jaw; he just looked so damn good. “After that, after what you just did to me, you can hardly argue that I didn’t get the better end of the deal.”
John was silent for a few moments, just looking at Sherlock, until finally his mouth opened and a breath came rushing out. “That was amazing, all from some grass stains! And my shoes are new, my mummy took Harry and me shopping the day before school started.”
Yes, god yes he wanted to go back to John’s. He never wanted to leave John’s side, not after what just happened. “I probably shouldn’t.” Sherlock sighed. “I mean, I want to, but it’s easier for one person to give them privacy than two. Plus I have a critical time point for my mold experiment in about an hour.” That was a lie, yes he had a mold experiment running, but it wasn’t actually critical he make that time point.
Saturday arrives, and it’s late morning when John arrives outside the museum. He’s fifteen minutes early, but the butterflies filing his gut and chest wouldn’t calm down, and sitting around the flat wasn’t helping. Not that hanging around museum is helping much either. After fifteen minutes of alternating between pacing back and forth in front of the museum entrance, and fiddling with his phone, John looks up to see Whitney walking towards him. To John’s utter amazement, Whitney’s dressed casually for once, clad in a simple pair of jeans, a thin short sleeved t-shirt, and sneakers.
“Well I’m glad that’s settled.” John chuckled blinking away the wetness in his own eyes and cupping Sherlock’s cheek. “Now about that tea you were about to get us…”
John followed Sherlock out of the café, and as he watched the late spring – early summer breeze ruffle Sherlock’s gorgeous curls, there was a fullness in his chest, and only one thought in his head.
– I’m – I’m serious.” John groaned and pushed himself off of Sherlock as far as the small circle of Sherlock’s arms and legs would allow. “Sherlock, look at me. I can’t do this if this is a onetime thing, or if you want something casual. I can’t do casual. I can’t be casual, not with you. If we do this, it has to be one hundred percent. I’m in this one hundred percent. With you, it’s one hundred percent, I'm yours one hundred percent. I can’t give any less.”
Even though he wasn’t set to be released until the afternoon – the physical therapist wanted to do one last check before handing him off – Sherlock was already dressed, and the few possessions he’d acquired during his week long stay, were stacked and ready to go when John arrived.
with John – someone who wanted him one hundred percent – for the first time, it meant something now. Sherlock was free to let go, open himself completely to another person, to even be vulnerable, because he knew there was someone there to catch him, hold him. John would never hurt him. John would never take advantage. John would never hurt him.
“Well, umm.” God, why was he so nervous? He had no reason to be so nervous. “You said you’d think about it, and I was wondering if you… I know it’s a bit early for the whole ‘meet the parents’ thing, but it wouldn’t have to be that kind of visit. We’ve been friends for a while, so it wouldn’t be strange for a friend to tag along, and now we’re… this. But we wouldn’t have to tell them, though I’d like to. Plus you were invited, and my mother never extends an invitation she doesn’t mean. I’m sure father would –”
“Please,” Sherlock said with a smirk, “if we decided to turn to a life of piracy, you’d never catch us.”
“Oh right, thanks… William Sherlock Scott Holmes.” John started again, this time taking both of Sherlock’s hands in his. “Sherlock… My Sherlock… My Bumblebee… My Funny Bumble.” Sherlock felt his eyes prickle, and let out a small sniffle. He always loved that nickname. “I am a decidedly ordinary man.” John continued. “I was born ordinary, and I always thought I was destined for an ordinary life. I figured I’d become a doctor, maybe I’d eventually find an ordinary man or woman, I’d fall in ordinary love, and live out my days as nothing more than ordinary.”
Sherlock’s heart skipped yet another beat – or five – and for a moment, he forgot the world around him, focusing only on how he got so lucky as to have John Watson in his life.
“Oh god no!” Sherlock actually recoils. “I do love a good crime to solve, actually do it in my spare time. But why would I want to subject myself to a petty chain of command. It would only hold me back.”
After five rings, a groggy, slightly slurred voice answered. “Mmmm…’llo?” Sherlock could practically smell the vodka over the phone.
I don't know if I should trigger warning this, but to be safe, there is a bit of violence in this chapter (not  graphic, just mentioned)
John spends the rest of the day thinking about his conversation with Greg. But there’s really nothing to think about, he knows what he wants. John knows he loves Sherlock, probably has since that first crime scene. And he’s fairly sure Sherlock loves him too. John wants to carry a photo of them together, and tell anyone and everyone that it’s him and his boyfriend, the man he loves. He wants to have someone to write too, knowing he’s missed and loved. He wants to come home on leave, and be greeted by Sherlock’s arms and kisses. John wants to be with Sherlock, totally, completely, and unquestionably. So John sends Sherlock a text, asking if he’s planning on coming over, and sets about making a plan. John is going to tell him about finally deciding on a career path, and then ask Sherlock if he wants to make things real between them. John has never been more nervous in his life, and he’s never been more excited.
“I’m serious, John,” Sherlock breathed when they parted again. “I haven’t been able to stop thinking about kissing you, I haven’t been able to stop wanting to kiss you. It’s been months now, you have no idea how inconvenient and distracting it’s been.”
“I knew you were good, but what you did in there, Sherlock, that was something else!” John said as they left the Rachlin home, earning himself another embarrassed – adorable – blush from Sherlock.
For the nth time that weekend, John felt his eyes begin to prickle. “You know what, I don’t think I’ll forget a single second either.” And then, wrapping his arms around his fiancé’s neck, he sealed their predictions – their promises – with a kiss.
“Oh him, he doesn’t matter.” Sherlock said, waving his hand. He was a bit surprised he’d waited that long to show up. “Did he offer you money to spy on me?”
“Well it sounds to me like we need to get more people looking.” Molly offered once Sherlock had finished.
“So now what?” he asked, collapsing into the red upholstered armchair across from the sofa. “Are you hungry? We could heat up one of those meals Mrs. Hudson left us.”
“There is a lot of damage to the left shoulder.” The surgeon continued. “The muscles are torn, and the scapula was shattered. We had to use metal plates to realign and hold the bone in place. He’ll need physical therapy.”
“Your recovery is going to be a three-stage process. The first stage is going to be while you’re here in hospital. We’ll be doing some pretty simple leg exercises; mostly just to get them moving to prevent any possible atrophy, and make sure to maintain proper circulation.” Meredith continued, unaware of Sherlock’s dwindling faith in her abilities. “We’ll also get you standing up, and hopefully get you taking a few steps. I also see that you of some minor burns, so we’ll have to be mindful of those.”
Silence fell over the cramped office after that, but it wasn’t the usually companionable silence Sherlock so often enjoyed with John. This silence felt tense, awkward, he hated it.
‘Might be mad, but strangely likable’, so she really did read his blog. Well, that was one question answered.  As for the other question, the question of what it was about living with Sherlock that brought him out of the grey, that took more thought.
John couldn’t look at Sarah. Loath as he was to admit it, she had him pegged. “God, why am I paying Ella when I can just talk to you?” He chuckled.
John felt himself blush. Sherlock probably hadn’t realized how that sounded. “What can I say, I like to challenge The Man from time to time,” he mumbled. “But getting you from Point A to Point B is hardly the same as me physically taking you through your therapy regime.”
“What?” John sputtered, his eyes growing wide once again. “No! Really?” He asked, sounding astonished and whipping his head around towards their waiter who was chatting with the girl behind the till.
“No, not a great way to start off, but all hope isn’t lost.” Mrs. Hudson took his hand, giving it a reassuring squeeze as she got up from the table. “If you go and apologize, explain that you completely overreacted, that you’ll never do it again, and you want to make it up to him, John’s bound to give you a second chance.”
“Her skin does have a red-ish tint to it. That could be a result of the heater running; it is rather stuffy in here. Or it could indicate…”
“No. But it’s a moot point, he won’t care. He made it pretty clear how things are, what we are. Why embarrass myself further. I’m actually surprised you or Greg didn’t mention it.”
Later, once the cab had dropped him off at his small flat, John was hanging up his jacket when he felt something in the pocket. There, folded neatly was the exact amount the job would have paid, and clipped to the cash, was a note.
“But look,” John said, pointing to the puncture wounds, “there’s no inflammation. I’m not an expert, but I did see my fair share of snake bites in Afghanistan. Unless the bite happened post mortem, there should be some swelling and inflammation; some redness at the very least.”
“No, no, I get it. We can do it tomorrow. Sometimes I forget that he’s just a kid, they’re both just kids.” Lestrade laughed half-heartedly.
“That was amazing! How did you know all that?” John called after him. Sherlock froze for a second, and John thought he was going to come back, or at least respond, but instead he picked up his pace and was soon out of John’s sight.
“Oh, like for the cases you work on?” John asked, his eager grin back to full capacity. It was… nice. It was… relaxing.
“Never been – never been more sure – of anything.” The desire and desperation he felt was like nothing he had ever experienced. But John – Oh god, John – John changed all that. John changed everything, changed
Sherlock didn’t doubt that. It was probably best he not continue on that particular train of thought. “Why Lestrade,” he said in an attempt to shift the conversation, “I had no idea your interests ventured beyond the fairer sex. I can’t make any guarantees, but I’m sure I can put in a good word for you with John if you wish.”
I may or may not have let my love of 'Endeavour' 'Lewis' and 'Foyle's War' slip in this chapter, along with a couple of canon ACD characters (at least canon names). And yes, John set Sherlock's custom ring tone to the Magnum P.I. theme song. Also, I'd be remissed if I didn't work in John being left handed, and the plight we face everyday when writing something down (it's a struggle, but we carry on).
John’s eyes locked on Sherlock’s. “Don’t listen! Don’t listen to him! It’s only ev…mmmm” His words lost as Seb shoved some sort of rag into his mouth, covering it with duct tape, gagging him.
“No, no, I understand.” John nodded. And he did, he knew the human body, how it protected itself, how resilient it was. But knowing something intellectually did nothing to quell the terror he felt.
“But I know I can do it. I know I can! It’s just my… it’s just my… only my transport is six! I could probably
“And just so you know,” Sherlock said once John decided to allow him the use of his mouth again., “John and I are going to be keeping each other
“Yeah, I was told you might know what’s going on with Sherlock, the man they brought in from the house explosion.”
“No, no.” If only it were that easy. “No, it just when they happen, they never really get the chance to get bad.”
John thought as he started for the bar. This may not have been how he wanted to spend his evening, but he could get a drink at the very least. And standing at the bar was a right side better than hanging out in a dark corner like some old pervert.
By the time Mrs. Holmes got home that afternoon, a couple hours earlier than usual, Sherlock and Molly had already designed a poster, and drafted some ideas for ads.  And over the next few days, Sherlock, with some assistance, had all but papered London with missing persons posters, and taken out ad space in every newspaper and on every news site. When he was done, there wasn’t a soul in London who hadn’t seen John’s face in one way or another.
“I could have, yeah, but this way you have a reminder. We can’t risk you getting caught up in some case file or experiment, and forgetting.”
I love this chapter so much, this was one of the first scenes I outlined. I loved it then, and I love it now.
“John, you should probably know,” Lestrade said from the doorway, a smirk spread across his face, “injury or not, Sherlock will always be this demanding.”
“It’s,” John paused. “They’re different now. Well, no. They’re the same dreams, but it’s not as bad now because…”
Now the only questions that remained were, what was the poison, how did it get in Julia’s system, and who – if anyone – put it there? Sherlock had a theory, four theories actually, he just needed a little bit more data. He needed to get into Julia’s flat, but that could wait until John completed his examination.
“Sherlock Holmes, you once told me it was you and me against the rest of the world, well, will you let it truly be you and me against the rest of the world? Will you allow me to spend the rest of my life by your extraordinary side? Sherlock Holmes… my love, my heart, my extraordinary Bumble… will you marry me?"
“Yes, but I am the only one in a relationship with John Watson, so clearly I win.” Sherlock smirked. Molly had to bury her face in Lestrade’s chest to try to get her renewed giggles under control.
“Yeah. Go, what is it you want to tell me?” Usually if Sherlock has something on his mind, he says it, but for some reason he’s being uncharacteristically considerate. But John’s too nervous to really think about it, he’s been planning what he’s going to say next, for the last few hours.
“Bastard?” Sherlock gasped, his mouth opening in poor imitation shock. “I will have you know that my parents were married by the time I was both conceived and born. Now Mycroft on the other hand, I’m fairly sure he can only boast the latter.”
Mycroft’s ‘house’ – if it could even be called a house – was almost as bad as having to go to a facility. No, it was just as bad. It was hard enough trying to escape Big Brother’s watchful eye, he wasn’t going to make it easy by living with him. He fought too hard, for too long, to get out from under Mycroft’s thumb, only to go back voluntarily.
Next up, Sherlock can't be expected to sit still, so he starts investigating on his own (or with his mom technically). And he finally get's the chance to re-examine John's room.
“I don’t know if that makes me feel better or not.” John laughed before popping a chip into his mouth. “Holy crap, you weren’t kidding, these things are amazing!”
“Well it was all true, Johnny. You’ve done so much for others, especially me, and it just makes me happy to finally see you get something good back.”
The cold cases actually managed to help to an extent. The lack of fresh evidence added a bit of a challenge, and while tucked away in an unused conference room, Sherlock focused solely on the files in front of him, driving thoughts of John Watson almost completely from his head. It wasn’t a perfect solution of course, as he would find himself thinking, ‘
John was just about to open his mouth again to ask about what kind of cases Sherlock had  solved, when his phone pinged, reminding him that it was a half hour until his self-imposed ‘night before a game’ lights out. He hadn’t even realized he and Sherlock had been standing in the middle of the deserted gym for so long.
“Your watch. There are three sets of initials stitched into the band, ‘GW’, ‘EW’, and ‘HW’. Most likely your father, mother, and sister. It’s not an uncommon practice for soldiers to carry on them something to remind them of home and family; the watch was clearly yours.” Sherlock was hitting his stride. “That being said, there was evidence of a fourth set on initials that had since been removed. You’re not the type to remove a family member, and the holes left behind did not appear to form the letter ‘W’, so not another Watson. Engagement was the more likely option since it’s tends to be an indication of more permanence… That’s… not always the case. Sorry.” He finished, looking away from John for the first time since he started his explanation.
Moriarty just shook his head. “Oh my dear, such a noble sacrifice. But you know Johnny Boy was never getting out of this alive. He knows what I’ve done, he’ll go running to the police.” He pouted, his words dripping with false pity.
This same conversation with Mycroft? But he wasn’t anything like Mycroft, Mycroft was an idiot. Skipping ahead one year was probably all Mycroft could handle, but Sherlock knew that he could handle more. Even the idiots at the school agreed. Why else would they suggest he jump all the way up to grade five?
“Yeah, it acts as a sort of added support matrix; decreases the odds of further damaging your leg or slowing your healing.”
John let out a small giggle, Sherlock breath tickled his cheek. “Well of course. Peace and quiet would be absolute hell without you to share it with,” he grinned, taking Sherlock’s face in his hands and pulling his love down into a slow kiss.
“I wouldn’t dream of it.” Sherlock laughed, and then they were kissing again. Nothing indiscreet of course, nothing to get them kicked out of the café – they weren’t big on PDA anyway – but just enough that their tea would require a little reheat.
es. John only kissed him even harder, his hands moving down Sherlock’s torso, his mouth moving along Sherlock’s throat and along his jaw back to his lips.
“Yeah, nothing too fancy mind you. Just some block, how to escape holds, maybe some basic counter-attacks.”
John was staring at him. Did he want him to say something? He should say something. What was he supposed to say?
Sherlock must have fallen asleep at some point because the next thing he knew, John was nudging him awake, telling him Heather would be back in a little over an hour, and he needed to eat something before she got there. Grudgingly, Sherlock ate half the sandwich John made him, but left the other half on principle. His transport didn’t require as much food as others to maintain adequate energy levels, and the sooner John learned that, the better.
Sherlock grinned at him, and John grinned back. He could do this, he could live with just being friends with the most astonishing human being on the planet.
“Don’t worry about it. It’s more of a goal really, nothing’s set in stone. I can sleep on the bus tomorrow anyway.” Truthfully, John didn’t think he could stand for the evening to end just yet. “One night out isn’t going to hurt anything, I don’t think.”
(The whole vampire case was inspired by an episode of 'Psych' where they dealt with a pretty similar case. The 'not a vampires' name comes from Spike and Angel's human names from Buffy, and I googled the Vampire Diaries to find a 'vampire name'. I feel like such a dork)
John moaned as Sherlock began to rock, grinding himself against him, just as desperate for John as John was for him. His hands immediately fell to Sherlock’s hips, attempting to bring some semblance of control to the frantic rutting. He didn’t remember the last time he wanted someone more. Christ, he never needed anyone more than he needed Sherlock, and he needed him immediately.
“I remember. The scotch was child’s play, when you weren’t looking at me,” smirked Sherlock, “you were eyeing the Glendronach like it had the answer to the meaning of life. You’d have to be an idiot to run the risk of diluting it with ice, and you didn’t look like an idiot to me.”
Sherlock didn’t know what he expected as he walked in to John’s room. A hand print? Boot prints? Map coordinates? No, it was exactly the same as the day before, pristine as always. But there had to be something, there was always something.
As with all their lessons so far, John demonstrated each move himself first. That meant he had to be in a chokehold, that meant somebody – Sherlock – had to wrap his arm around John’s neck, had to have John’s back pressed against him, had to feel as  John ‘dropped down fast’… down Sherlock’s entire body. Not good.
“Is this really necessary? I really don’t have time for this. Don’t we all have more important things to be doing?” Sherlock rattled the handcuffs locking him to a desk chair in the police station.
John watched Sherlock walk away for a few seconds before his brain finally kicked in. He couldn’t let this happen, this is what he’d been waiting for and he couldn’t let even the slightest possibility of a second change slip through his fingers.
– should we be doing this?” He asked, Sherlock’s hands had found their way under his shirt and were making it incredibly difficult to think.
Sherlock was seriously starting to regret ever agreeing to the stupid notion of John’s that his attackers ‘needed to be punished.’ Over the course of three weeks, they had collected every scrap of evidence they would need to ‘make the case.’ That next day after outlining their plan – together in John’s room, in John’s bed – they had taken pictures of all of Sherlock’s injuries; the cuts and bruise were still quite vivid against his otherwise pale skin. They even unwrapped his ribs, and it had taken an additional several minutes for Sherlock to calm John down and stop him from scrapping the plan altogether and just killing Sebastian and his cronies himself. Now Sherlock was wishing he’d just let John murder them; he certainly would have been able to figure out a way to get John acquitted.
“So John, how have you been since last week?” Ella asked, pen and paper in hand, starting off the session.
John just smiled and shook his head. Sherlock loved John’s smiles. Soon those smiles would be for someone else.
“Yes, it’s open twenty-four hours, don’t worry. Also, there was a couple just inside the entrance, though they were obscured behind some shrubbery. I’m not all that surprised that you didn’t see them.”
“Back. Come back” Sherlock wined, desperately trying to follow John’s lips, to continue what John started and then cruelly cute short.
Sherlock was so lost in his thoughts he failed to notice Ms. Keller, his teacher, had stopped talking, and the students were breaking off into pairs. It wasn’t until he heard someone speaking to him that he came out of his head.
sex with my own husband?” Staring up into the deep blue eyes of the man to whom he’d given his heart, Sherlock couldn’t stop the grin that overtook his face as he pulled John back into a kiss. “Better than I ever imagined it to be,” he mumbled. “I loved it.”
“I’m not saying you can’t. No, I’m just surprised you hadn’t deduced it all in that split second you ran past me. This is just one more thing I’ve had to tell the world’s most talented consulting detective.” John said with a smirk. “I didn’t know I was such an enigma.”
Welp, we've survived 16 chapters of cliffhangers, cockblocks, oblivious idiots, and dozens and dozens of dino nuggets, but we made it!
It didn’t take long for her to set up her equipment, a pair of parallel bars, and some sort of specialty weight bench, and after a few minutes of warm up stretches, they got to work. For an hour and a half, Heather worked each muscle in Sherlock’s leg in every single way imaginable. On the weight bench, he had to sit and use his foot to push different weights as far as he could. He had to walk through the parallel bars over and over, never once letting go of the bars, and never once making it all the way through without collapsing and having to catch himself. Heather said it was nothing to be ashamed of, that she’d yet to have a patient one week post major surgery, walk unaided. She said that he was doing remarkably well given the circumstances. It was not a comfort. Sherlock wasn’t her other patients, he was better than that, he knew he should be better than that. They ended the session with some cool down stretches, and Heather left with strict instructions for Sherlock to rest before she returned at two for their second hour and half long session.
Sherlock felt himself smile. John loved him more than anything in the world, just the thought warmed him better than any blanket, fireplace, or space heater. John Watson, smart, funny, kind, handsome ex-army doctor, chose him out of everyone on earth to love. Of course, he already knew John loved him. They’d been together for over a year and a half, had swapped those three words within a month of that first night falling asleep together, and had been married for three weeks and counting; Sherlock knew John loved him. Still, that didn’t diminish the feeling he got when he heard John say it.
“My test. You still haven’t given me my test back, that was the whole reason I agreed to talk to you.” Sherlock smirk.
It took a few moments for John to locate his clothes; he didn’t pay all that much attention to where they fell the night before.
“Mr. Holmes? Mr. Holmes, can you hear me?” The nurse said, ignoring John and focusing on Sherlock. “You have a breathing tube in, you need to relax.”
Mr. Holmes kept his voice low. “Because George has been worried about John, and they deserve some time to speak to each other without us butting in.”
“You shouldn't, but you need me, so you do. Come on John.” And with that, Sherlock is through the door, and starting up the steps. John, just shrugging at the inspector, follows Sherlock into the building.
Mostly John was confined to his cell, but every few days the Jailer would come to collect him, and take him to the other room to be questioned. The Voice wanted to know everything about Sherlock, every personal detail John could provide. He wanted to know what made Sherlock tick, why he was so interested in
“I never thought I’d help solve a murder, and then have to run from the police thirty second later. That was…” But whatever John was going to say is lost when Sherlock abruptly shoves his tongue down John’s throat, and begins pushing off John’s jacket, and clawing at his t-shirt. After a few shocked moments, John begins to respond, hands immediately tugging at Sherlock’s scarf, and attempting to divest Sherlock of his coat.
Sebastian didn’t get a chance to finish his sentence, as John had slammed him face first into the nearest wall, both arms pinned behind his back.
“There you go again,” Sherlock sighed in fake exasperation, “leaving it to me to make all the suggestions. I’m not sure I like this side of you, John Watson.” He teased. He couldn’t help it, John wanted to go on cases with him. He still wanted to be around him. Oh, it was Christmas!
“I won’t lie, the timing is fortuitous, but that’s all it is, a coincide.” Sherlock pointedly ignored the look Mycroft gave him from beside John. “If we had met under different circumstances, I would still need a flatmate, you’d still need a new place, and I would have still suggested you take the second room.”
man. From that moment on, my life was no longer ordinary, and my life would never be ordinary again. I got to know you and you became my friend, then you became my best friend, the best friend I could ever imagine… And I fell in love with you. I fell in love with your heart, your mind, your passion, and your world. Every day with you was, and is, exciting, a new adventure. Meeting, and falling in love with you was nothing short of a miracle, but what is even more of a miracle is that somehow,
“It’s very different on the other side of things, Dr. Watson. When the patient is a loved one, we often forget what we know as doctors.”
“Yeah, you became the evidence!” John snickered. “Sorry, that was kind of in poor taste. No offence.”
“ Well, Greg did want to, but I put a stop to that. It should come from you. And he would want to know, I don’t care what he said to you. Sherlock Holmes is an idiot,” John winces at the first mention of Sherlock’s name. “This is the man who thinks we have a king, and that the Sun goes around the Earth.  He’s a genius, but sometimes he has no idea what he’s saying or feeling. Just think about telling him, if only for the sake of closure.” Molly finishes, giving John’s hand a squeeze.
“I thought you’d never ask.” Sherlock grinned, and let John lead him on to the dance floor as some ridiculous mid-nineties song played in the background.
that talking to him was easy, which was all the more confusing. He normally hated talking to normal people, especially normal kids his age, or near his age as the case may be.
“I don’t know, John,” Sarah said, leaning in conspiratorially, “they guy you described sounded like he might be the type who might just enjoy that kind of thing.”
Not even bothering to knock, Sherlock burst through the door – it was open a crack anyway, so it’s not like John would have minded. “Good, you’re here.”
“John, I don’t…” Sherlock didn’t even know what to say, where to begin. All he could think, all he could do, was wrap his hand around the back of John’s neck, and pulled him into a very sound, very thorough kiss. “Have I told you lately that I love you?”
Oh thank god. John felt a lorry’s worth of relief lift from his chest as the laughter bubbled up. “Of course you’re my best friend.” He giggle-sighed. “You didn’t think I’d follow just anyone to crime scenes, did you?”
“Not all the time, and this is one of the times you are very, very wrong. Everything that just happened now,” John said, grinding down, dragging himself so agonizingly slowly against Sherlock, “that was me trying to deserve you.”
Not bothering to say anything, Sherlock got up, cold cases were better than nothing. He was just about to reach for the door handle, when Lestrade’s voice stopped him.
“You know the saying that doctors make the worst patients? Yeah, that’s a lie.” Leah sighed. “It’s their families. The doctors don’t take care of themselves, but think they know better, so you have to look after them in addition to the patient.”
work. We are both getting out of here alive.” Or at the very least, John was getting out alive, Sherlock swore to himself.
“Nope! But I’ll make you a deal. You get that gorgeous arse up and in the shower, and I’ll go down and bring us some breakfast to eat up here.”
!” John panted. He tried gripping the sheets, but staring up at him beneath hooded eyelids, his eyes burning, Sherlock let go of one hip to place John’s hand into his wild curls.
“Wait, wait, wait.” Sherlock gulped, trying to catch his breath, pulling John back up to him. “Are you sure we should be doing this? Here, now, is this a good idea?” He asked, staring up at John, his thumbs running carefully along John’s jaw.
Great, he just received a rather cold brush off from his one night stand, and was now trapped in the bloke’s building. “Fan-fucking-tastic!” John huffed.
John couldn’t help thinking back to the night before, holding Sherlock in his arms, rubbing his back as he fell asleep; waking up to find he was still holding him. He thought back to earlier when they were getting ready, before Mycroft’s text interrupted them. “I’ll try,” he blushed, “for as long as he’ll let me.”
didn’t. You looked so gorgeous and untouchable, Jack was sure he was going to get shot down the second he opened his mouth. Besides,” Sherlock didn’t even need to look at John to hear the smirk in his voice, “maybe I liked seeing you turn down all those other people. Knowing you didn’t want them, but you want me… can’t blame a guy for getting a little ego boost when he can, especially since I haven’t tried hitting on someone in quite a while.”
