“From yourself.”
“Molly? What’s wrong?”
He remembered that he was falling for John.
“Nice to meet you, John Watson. I think you and I will be good friends.”
A blush flooded Sherlock’s cheeks. “Please… you can call me Sherlock, you know. I figure we are well past the first name basis.”
“You feeling better this morning?” he asked, voice groggy from sleep. John sighed, shaking his head less in a response to the question and more in response to his boyfriend’s antics. “Yeah,” he muttered softly. “I’d feel even better if you didn’t ruin your neck just because I had a rough night.” John stood and walked around to the back of the sofa, offering Sherlock a massage in return for the one he was given at rehearsal yesterday. “Does it hurt too bad? I can run to the store and get some biofreeze or something.”
Sherlock just rolled his eyes and looked away.
John looked at him and laughed lightly. Though quiet, it was a sincere laugh, the first one John had had in a long time. He pulled Sherlock over to him and hugged him tightly.
“Where were they going?”
For those of you who aren't reading my other fic in the works, I've developed some sort of posting schedule for myself so I'm not going weeks and weeks at a time without updating anything.
“Oh for God’s sake Sherlock, what in the bloody hell is wrong with you?”
I am like, completely re-writing all this stuff as I go.
He flopped down onto the couch, face buried in his hands. He groaned and muttered under his breath. All he wanted was sleep.
"Oh, no need to thank me, Mrs. Watson. I was as eager to have John found as yourself."
“I’ve got John, Mrs. Hudson. You can go back to your flat.”
“I have to get myself in the zone before I do a rehearsal, or I won’t be able to focus,” Sherlock said plainly, as though it was the most sensible thing in the world.
“Well, you’re a little biased,
“Why do you look so surprised?”
“You don’t do that to people… you don’t point out all of their flaws and make them feel horrible, do you? Are you really like him? Like that?!”
Sherlock took a deep breath. His eyes glistened with tears that he really didn’t feel like crying right now. He was still dehydrated from all the crying he’d done yesterday. “You’re worth everything, John. I believed in your abilities and to me that was well worth the risk.”
“You need to promise me you’ll never do that.”
"What have you done to him?! Let me go! Mycroft please, don't hurt him! Please, please, don't…"
John scoffed. “I think you’re thinking of yourself, Mr. Prodigy. I’m not exactly a world-renowned pianist here.”
"Go to John. Be with him. Be happy..."
“And maybe I do want to…” John started. Sherlock immediately looked up at him.
"Mycroft!"
“It’s alright. I’m sure its just because you’ve been so tired. We’ll make sure you get better sleep tonight, I promise.”
“Well,
“You!” he shouted. He let John fall from his arms as he stood up and grabbed Jim by his shirt collar. “I am going to make your life a living hell for this,” he growled. Jim only smirked.
(See the end of the chapter for
Why was that something that they were both so afraid of?
John couldn’t help the slight blush the covered his cheeks, but even then, he was still incredibly eager to leave.
With that John closed the door and turned to enter his flat. He already heard his parents shouting at each other about bills and other things, which usually led to him getting involved in the arguments. Somehow, the idea of Sherlock kept him at peace through all of this.
“Not really, no.”
John gave Sherlock his look to signal that he was ready to listen. Sherlock let out a shaky breath before continuing.
John’s heart sank. Poor Molly. “How long is that going to be?”
“Maybe. Who knows. Who cares?”
“Sherlock, take it easy—,”
They looked into each other’s eyes. John began to blush and he looked down at his lap. Sherlock laughed.
Enjoy!
Sherlock stared at him for a moment. “You’ve been more than thinking about it, John Watson. That’s your dream isn’t it? To be in the army; to save lives.”
With that, Sherlock made his way past and continued walking in the opposite direction. John turned around briefly as he passed. What the hell did he look
John turned to the source of the voice before whipping back to Sherlock, eyes filled with panic.
“What’s wrong, Sherlock?” he asked, his voice full of sleep. John slowly sat up and Sherlock turned to face him. The moonlight sparkled in his eyes, and Sherlock thought he’d never seen someone so beautiful in his life. Sherlock gently brought up his hand to cup John’s face. He heard John make a small gasping sound, but he didn’t make a motion to pull away.
“Well,
John sat there blankly, hardly blinking. He stared at Sherlock for what felt like ages. A blush creeped up Sherlock’s face and he looked away, stammering around incomprehensible words trying to form an apology. He eventually composed himself enough to speak actual words. “Oh, I completely understand. It was a silly question; I should have known-”
John didn’t text back for a few moments. Sherlock figured he’d started crying about how romantic it was.
Academy of Music, huh” he sneered. “Makes that arse sound even more uptight than he already is.”
How could John throw his own happiness away so easily for those he cared about? He refused to take Molly’s position despite wanting so desperately to keep playing music. He insisted that Sherlock apply to Julliard, knowing that they would spend the greater part of these next few years separated from each other.
“John, I love you.” Sherlock said urgently. John smiled and planted a gentle kiss on Sherlock’s lips.
After a few more failed attempts at getting John to stand up, Sherlock picked him up bridal style and carried him into the sitting room. He laid John down on the couch and sat in the chair across from him. Once John had finally come to, Sherlock told him everything that had happened. Once John had more or less wrapped his brain around the whole situation, the two of them stood up and went to take a taxi back to John's house.
John wrapped his arms around his partner and laid his head on his shoulder. “I told you I’d do anything for you, and I meant it.
Mike and John were working on an assignment when Molly rang. Mike picked up his phone and answered it.
“Bloody hope so...” John replied, tugging at his collar.
Sherlock Holmes was one of the biggest mysteries. Each day with him was full of so many unknowns, and John had fallen so deeply in love with that. Each day brought new adventures for them to share and couldn’t wait for the day that he could start introducing him to the world as his husband.
John didn’t answer. Instead, he brought his hands to hover above the keys.
Sherlock turned and saw his brother looking at him, his eyes watering.
"Well, if you call arms and legs covered in cuts "fine" then alright, John."
that they’ll achieve within their career. Within their lifetime. You have something incredibly special, and they saw that.”
. Now I know that we have not known each other long at all, and this whole speech may probably scare you away for good, but this is why I’ve fallen for you, John. This is why I like you. This is why I
Mycroft had barely regained his breath, but he flipped Sherlock over onto his back.
3:16PM
John groaned and let his head fall into his hands. “For starters, I played a
John gave him a curt nod before climbing into the back of the taxi. They rolled down the window and waved frantic goodbyes to their friends.
3:20PM
It had to be nearing 3 in the morning. Every time he was almost asleep he woke up with a jolt, anxiety getting the best of him again. Sherlock slept peacefully next to him, though John had no idea how. He spent the majority of the night tossing and turning, trying to keep his sounds of frustration to a minimum. He was so exhausted, he really just wanted to sleep so things could be better.
by the way you’re making him feel.”
John tried to nod, but his head just fell down, his chin hitting is chest.
Sherlock’s face visibly brightened with his blush. “Captivated by what, Dr. Holmes-Watson?”
“Such wonderful terms of endearment, my love,” Sherlock joked. John let out a chuckle before pulling Sherlock back into another kiss. Afterwards the two laid back down, John snuggling up to Sherlock’s side. They laid there for hours watching the stars, holding hands, and being so in love.
Before Sherlock knew what had happened, he was jumped. He felt a needle slide into his neck before he went unconscious.
“She is quite the klutz, isn’t she?” Sherlock said after only a few moments.
As if on cue, Sherlock began to whine in the other room.
“John… I think, no… I know. You’re one of the greatest things to ever happen to me, and… you make me feel alive in so many ways I’m unfamiliar with. You bring out the best of me that I didn’t know I had, and, John… I-I’m in love with you.” Sherlock let out a shaking breath. “I’m so in love with you.”
“Oh, thank you dear,” Mrs. Hudson said, her voice soft. “I’ll go get you boys some tea; John looks like he could use some of the strong stuff.”
“Well, it’s been one hell of a ride,” Mike said, clapping a hand on John’s back. “But mate… we graduate tomorrow.”
John simply sat in silence and ate. One thing was certain. Molly and Sherlock were two of the most stubborn people he’d ever met, and it was a hard bet to say who was more stubborn than the other. He had learned by this point that it’s best to just let them bicker it out until one of them eventually out-stubborns the other. Once John had finished, he placed his empty bowl down and pried the laptop from Molly’s hands, replacing it with her own dinner that was barely warm at this point.
“No, but you can’t be serious. Even if this wasn’t a mistake, Sherlock…
3:42PM
. The last thing Sherlock needed right now was something as intense as sex to throw his already miserably disrupted emotions even further off balance. What he needed was sleep and tea, and perhaps some cuddling.
“I’ve played it twice at least, I may be a bit rusty with it, but it is far from impossible.”
. I was very confused at first because I had never had a feeling like that about anyone. I first thought it was just a very good friendship that I sensed. But I began researching. I did multiple tests on myself to try to explain this feeling that I had. My brother, Mycroft, as useless as he is, could not have walked in at a better moment. When he asked what in bloody hell I was doing, I explained to him. Now he may be smart, but he has let relationships take hold of his brains. Hence he is losing his edge, as I believe I have told you already. He came in and sat me down and explained these feelings that I had been feeling. He explained that you and I, our minds had a special connection. He told me that I was falling in love with you. Now at first, I thought that was absolutely absurd, as I had just met you. But when I saw Jim approaching you at the table with that menacing look in his eye, or when he approached you and pushed you into the lockers, I was ready to kill him. All I could think was
"It's alright-"
John nodded and stood shakily from the piano. Sherlock gave him a once over. “Did it really wear you out that much, love?”
Sherlock pulled out his headphones and pulled up his playlist of repertoire for his audition. He chose Dance of the Goblins as his own piece to showcase. He laughed softly to himself.
“Anyways,” John continued. “What are we playing this time, your highness?” He hoped that Sherlock caught on to how John was attempting to change what was originally an insult into a term of endearment. He owed much of his recent happiness to the man that was standing in front of him, so it made sense that he was dear to him… right?
“Yeah, but there is absolutely no way I’ll have an audition stellar enough that they’ll award
The more thoughts that spiraled through John’s head, the more he drank. Eventually, a bartender was shoving him towards the door. Something about ‘we’re closed, go home.’
“Damn…” Sherlock muttered. He turned to see his brother Mycroft leaning against the doorframe of his bedroom. He stepped almost protectively in front of John as he reached the top of the stairs. “Leave us alone, Mycroft.”
Enjoy!
John let out a deep sigh. Before he could formulate any sort of response, Sherlock whipped around with a sudden change in attitude. “Come, come. The practice rooms are open for auditionees to use.” Before John could protest, Sherlock had grabbed him by the hand and pulled him out of the hotel room.
“How can you just shove it off like that?!”
3:25PM
Needless to say, their nightclothes had ended up strewn across the floor of the hotel, forgotten by the two men as they spent the night consumed by the embrace of the other.
“Not a thing, dear.”
“I can fix this drug problem whenever I want!”
3:19PM
"Go to him, Sherlock."
John and Sherlock held intense eye contact with each other throughout those few seconds. Those few seconds that had stretched themselves into entire minutes.
John nodded and brought his hands to his face, attempting to rub away the anxiety and the fatigue that the anxiety was bringing upon him.
thanks again, and as always, questions and comments are welcome and appreciated!
when Sherlock wasn’t watching him as intensely as he was now. John was getting increasingly flustered, and eventually Sherlock stopped him for a third time.
“Damnit…” he whispered to himself, his eyes stinging from tears that so desperately wanted to fall. The one good thing he’d managed to grab onto, and soon he was going to have to let him go. How could he do this?
“Let go of what?!” John shouted, standing up from his seat. Sherlock took a step back, flinching slightly at how angry John was. “I have nothing to let go of Sherlock, I don’t know what you’re telling me to do!”
“It’s all fine, Mrs. Hudson. Do go back downstairs and get yourself to bed. It is getting late.”
“…are you alright?”
Still ringing.
John nodded, and they were off, practicing for at least 2 more hours that day. Eventually it was Sherlock who insisted that if they practiced anymore they were going to hurt themselves, and John reluctantly stood from the piano and let Sherlock drag him home.
“John? John!?”
John told Sherlock all about his youth and how all of his friends had left him. He also told Sherlock about how his parents argued almost every night and how they never really paid attention to him and how the majority of the past 2 or 3 years of his life he has been completely alone. By the time John was done Sherlock actually had faint tears forming in his eyes.
John looked down at Sherlock, who’d closed his eyes as tears started trickling down his cheeks again. John gently combed his fingers through Sherlock’s hair.
to meet you. You were always this smarmy, uptight git that I heard horror stories about from Molly. I never expected you to be this ethereal being. Perfection incarnate. I never expected to be sucked back into this…
“I feel awful taking up all of your time like this, John. You still have things for school to finish, don’t you?”
Molly shook her head, smiling. “Oh, John, you’ll never get it, will you? You’re more fascinating than you’ll ever be willing to admit.”
John walked into his flat and it was quiet.
Sherlock shook his head. “No, no… I’m, I’m… I always acted so full of myself because everyone in the London scene knew me. But, Juilliard, where the greatest of the greats go to learn music? Well, why would some London nobody like me ever get a chance there?”
John squeezed his hands into nervous fists, unable to lift his gaze from the floor. “Do you really, honestly think that, Sherlock?” Before Sherlock could speak, John brought a hand to his mouth and looked up, meeting his gaze with such sad eyes that Sherlock thought he felt his heart crack.
“Oh, yes. And you may now kiss the groom.”
But he was…oddly kind. He did not make a fuss when John made mistakes, and it didn’t take long for them to bring the piece back up to speed. The few glances John got of Sherlock playing took his breath away. His hands glided effortlessly over the instrument. He didn’t know much about he violin, but he knew that left-handed pizzicato was not an easy accomplishment. It must have taken him months of practice. Yet, it looked like he was born playing this piece. Even in the carpeted recital room, his instrument sang like nothing he’d ever heard before.
The silence in the room was suffocating. Sherlock wasn’t even sure if he was breathing or not.
John let out a stifled laugh. "It's a bit late to be trying to clear this all up, isn't it, Sherlock?"
Sherlock chuckled, pulling out his phone. “Absolutely captivating…”
I really hope you guys enjoy this story, because I really love writing about these two in a classical music performance setting. My two greatest loves wrapped into one.
Sherlock pulled John towards him and gave him a soft kiss. “You will get there. We’re going to get you there. You’re so talented, John. You just have to let everything go, and dive into it with your whole heart. I’ve heard you play with your heart before, and it was absolutely breath taking. I know that you have it in you.”
John looked at her like she was insane. “What are you implying, Molly?”
“Preludium and Allegro! A classic… I haven’t played it in ages. But, the piano part doesn’t have anything too crazy. And since we are only a month out from the next performance, I figured it would be good to return to a piece I was more or less familiar with. It’s always good to do that sort of thing, you know.”
John stood up and leapt over to Sherlock’s side, planting a kiss on his temple. “Easy does it, love. Why don’t we eat some dinner? You went through all that trouble just to get it.” John finally stood, rubbing the back of his neck. “You should have woken me up. I could have gone with you to help.”
“Now where is John?”
3:03AM
Mycroft picked up one of the stray papers and read them. There was a name at the top that seemed familiar.
, and I’m, well,
"I’m getting really tired of your brother making people mug me, Sherlock."
Mike and Molly had followed John outside, their curiosity and concern for their other friend overpowering their willingness to wait inside.
“So… what exactly are we doing here, Sherlock?”
Sherlock only chuckled in response.
“Is… is there something that’s frustrating you, Mr. Holmes?”
Sherlock brewed some tea and heated up some biscuits. After they ate, John sat and twiddled his fingers together, unsure of what he was supposed to do. Alright… he was in the attractive violinist’s apartment, he’d slept there. Said attractive violinist saved him from a mugging, apparently. What the hell was supposed to happen next?
“Sherlock, Molly is on her way over and she’s on a mission, so you either get out of bed the easy way or the hard way.”
John’s hand flew out against the side of the stall he was in. He took in shaky breaths. He tried to do the breathing exercises that Sherlock had taught him, but it was no use. He didn’t want to lash out at Sherlock, but he was the only one here. “It isn’t my destiny, Sherlock! It’s the one that you designed for me. I never asked for this!”
He slid down with his back against the wall, sobbing harder. “I never asked to meet you, Sherlock. Damnit, I never
“And…” John continued, planting a chaste kiss to Sherlock’s left hand. “You were also right when you said… it is never too late to chase after your dreams. So, I’m going to chase after my dreams. And I expect you to do the same.”
“Did you run into any other pianists? Did you hear them play? I’m sure none of them were as good as you, though.”
Sherlock chuckled and followed the smaller man into the other room.
He felt Molly’s hand on his shoulder, his breathing shallow and panicked. How could he have let this happen?
It was John’s turn to blush. “I thought about how breath-taking you looked playing your violin.”
John's hands moved uneasily on his lap.
more than that.
“Yes, I did. But we are
John’s heart was beating faster, his hands shaking as he typed his reply.
John cupped Sherlock’s face in his hands and met his gaze. Sherlock had never seen so much love and affection in that man’s eyes. It was enough to be intimidating if the gaze wasn’t so soft. So warm. So safe.
picky? Sure.”
?” he sneered. “Oh Sherlock, you can do better than someone like this,” he said, pushing John’s arm out of his grasp.
John pulled Sherlock closer to him. “I don’t ever want to have another day where I don’t wake up next to you. I... I don't think I could do that.”
was that for?!” Mycroft yelled, holding his hand on his cheek.
“John, I-”
John tried to shove away the deep huskiness he thought he heard in Sherlock’s voice when he said that, and he tried to ignore the way Sherlock’s hand moved up his thigh ever so slightly before he pulled his hand away and leaned forward, reaching for his cup of tea. He grabbed the remote to the television with his other hand and turned it on, mindlessly flipping through the channels.
“I went to your last concert. You were absolutely phenomenal.”
“Oh god, John!” Sherlock exclaimed, running to help the woman pick him up. “Are you alright?”
the same. There’s no way that that bloody uptight, full-of-himself violinist that I met all those years ago breathed and lived through his violin for
Sherlock’s smile immediately faded. He wanted to tell him, but he couldn’t. What the judge had said back then. That the fact that he’d spoken to the judges on John’s behalf may have played some role in his rejection.
As promised, about an hour later there was a knock at Sherlock’s door. He opened it to see John, worry hiding behind his smile as he leaned in to hug Sherlock.
“If you behave tonight, I’ll think about joining you next time.”
When he got to Mike's house, he rang the doorbell. His heart started pounding in his ears and he could feel his palm becoming rather sweaty.
Sherlock smiled and nodded. “Dinner.”
The evening was filled with laughter and smiles. Angelo had even given them a discount on their meals; Sherlock had met Angelo a while back. They went to high school together. He’d gone off to culinary school and became a world-class chef in less than two years. He had also showed up to just about every single recital and performance Sherlock had been a part of since he started at the Royal Academy. He was one of the closest friends that Sherlock had ever had, and he regretted that they hadn’t been talking as much these days as they used to. He would have to get his number tonight so it would be easier to get in touch.
what is happening between you two. But, I don’t know… it just really hurt to know that our bond wasn’t as strong as I thought it was.
“That’s the first time you’ve said that you love me too,” Sherlock said, smiling.
John quickly melted into the kiss and held onto Sherlock. Sherlock fell deeply into the kiss himself and they both sat there completely enveloped in each other. Sherlock’s long arms wrapped around John’s back while John’s hands moved up to entangle themselves in Sherlock’s dark curls. The kiss seemed to last a life time before they finally came up for air.
"Bloody git... what the hell is he-"
“Sherlock?”
“Damnit!” he shouted, kicking the door a final time. Sherlock frantically ran around looking for an alternate entrance into the locker room. After having no luck, he resumed crashing into the main door. Nothing was going to stop him from getting to John. He just hoped that he wasn’t going to be too late.
“I’m not telling you this as your boyfriend. I’m telling you this as a musician that has played with you and listened to you play countless times.”
3:46PM
Sherlock smiled and lightly kissed John’s forehead. He then quickly pulled John up and kissed his lips. “I bloody love you, John Watson.”
“Jim has practice after-”
“Why not?”
It felt like John had only pressed that button for him yesterday. Now here Sherlock was, in the London Heathrow Airport, waiting on a flight to the United States. His audition was in a week. He felt the familiar surge of nerves and adrenaline that he’d felt almost four years ago, when he first auditioned for The Royal Academy. This was so much bigger. This was his dream. The program that was designed especially for him. He had to get in. He just had to.
“It’s barely after 1 there, Sherl, they’re almost guaranteed to be there. Call them!”
John promptly began to drown his sorrows in whatever alcoholic beverages he could get his hands on.
Dang u know what, since I'm such a trash fic updater, double chapter. Merry Chrimas
“This is where
Mrs. Hudson waddled off in front of them as Sherlock slowly helped John make his way into the building and up the stairs to Sherlock’s flat. Eventually they made it all the way up.
Dang, I like, really suck at updating. So sorry guys. But, I do have several more chapters more or less pre-prepared, so I do hope to post more frequently until the end of this story.
John’s face fell immediately. It was… his fault? He was the reason Sherlock didn’t get into Julliard?
But the truth was that Sherlock had never felt so far from alright in his life.
“I love you,” he muttered softly. John carded his fingers through his soft hair, unable to hold back the smile that formed on his lips.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock smiled at John. “But if we’re being honest, I think they already had your acceptance confirmation in hand before you ever walked out on stage.”
“Which is why we have always kept to ourselves, and that is how it will stay!”
He never would have guessed that he was 100% right. But when he turned and saw John next to him, his eyes lit up with laughter and happiness, he didn’t want the world to be any other way.
John cupped the bottom of the phone with his other hand. “Love, please breathe. Deep breaths. 7 seconds in through your nose, 11 seconds out through your mouth. What’s going on?”
“What exactly happened?” Mike asked as John observed her hand, noting intense bruising around the wrist.
“Come on love, it’s late. Let’s get some sleep, yeah?”
“A fat mouth,” John muttered, sitting back down himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mycroft let out a sigh and he fell back against the wall. “You’ll thank me one day, brother mine. You will.”
John grunted in understanding and walked back over to the bed, flopping down on it. He couldn’t believe the roller coaster of a day it had been. He went from overloading on levels of anxiety to sleeping for what must have been four or five hours. He was pretty sure it was still light outside when he’d fallen asleep, and they’d gotten back to the hotel pretty early in the afternoon. He fished his phone out of his pocket and began to absentmindedly scroll through various apps. Within a few moments Sherlock struggled through the hotel door. John looked up at him and was met with a scowl.
A week passed. It was early Saturday morning. John’s arms stung. He picked up his phone. No new texts. He opened up Sherlock’s contact. Of course he didn’t delete the number.
that would get John back on that stage. “You know that isn’t true. You bleed and sweat natural talent, John. You’re holding yourself back from your own destiny.”
Sherlock shrugged. “Guess I might have to considering I’ll probably never touch my violin again in my life.”
before?”
The next morning, Sherlock was up and dressed and headed for the subway in record time. He arrived at Julliard around 8:15 and made his way inside. It was a truly remarkable building, and he’d be lying if he said it didn’t immediately take his breath away. His nonchalant charade was up as soon as he walked in that door. He felt the child in him immediately start jumping with joy. He had been accepted to audition for the graduate program. The school of his dreams. He could hardly wait. It had been so long since he’d felt this longingness in him.
John made it to Bart’s within 15 minutes. When he got there, Sherlock was pacing back and forth.
“You know, John… The Royal Academy of Music would take you in a heartbeat,” Sherlock said. A silence filled the room.
John hesitated. Sherlock noticed this and pulled away immediately. He looked at John with grave concern.
And all was well.
“Oh boy, I had a fantastic night, didn’t I?” John asked sheepishly.
“What do you mean?” John was surprised at the sudden change of subject.
“I don’t need anyone.”
“I say we go out for a celebratory lunch!” Molly demanded as they clambered into the cab.
“Hey, Mike. How’s Molly?”
“He called you clumsy after you left!” John nearly shouted. He wasn't sure why he was trying so hard to make it seem like Sherlock was a monster.
He wasn’t ready to let go.
“Oh, come
“You did fantastic, John! You still got it!” Mike shouted, causing a few heads to turn and look at them. John gave his shy thanks to the few who complimented him on the performance as they passed by.
Sherlock shrugged, slowly picking at his food. “No need. The least I can do considering all the effort you lot are putting in. Though, I still think it’s pointless and you’d both be better off if you just left it alone.”
Sherlock fell back into his chair, hugging his knees to his chest. “It’s all because of that damned judge at your audition… she said that my actions in favor of you could reflect badly on my own admissions… I thought she was just bluffing, but perhaps she wasn’t.”
Isn't it weird how stories can evolve so suddenly, without any warning? Especially when you spend so many years working on them.
Before Mary could finish her sentence Sherlock hugged her in thanks and took off for the school. Mary stood and thought for a moment.
3:24PM
Also Molly is The Best and I love her, she's so good.
“You are the one who brought me back into the music world. You… you revived me when I thought I was long gone.”
“Well?” John asked, shaking him slightly. “What’s the news? Good news? Bad news?”
“Damn…” he said quietly.
“Holmes, Sherlock?” The judge on the left called out, her voice sweet. It was as if they’d specifically chosen her so the people who were already nervous wrecks like himself wouldn’t up and run off the stage.
One day money wouldn’t be an issue. One day his parents would be able to be happy.
“Well, John, I think that was quite adequate for our first play through together,” Sherlock said, turning away from him. “I have a few papers here. Rehearsal schedules and your payment information. You’ll get your check the evening of the performance.”
with a scholarship.”
“Hello? I’m just out with a new friend. Okay, I’ll be home in a moment.”
He looked up in the mirror and couldn’t help but beam at his reflection. His first performance as a professional musician… and he absolutely
Sherlock managed to type “I lov” before Mycroft ripped the phone back from him. He typed furiously and sent the message before throwing the phone back at Sherlock.
at the start.”
can feel it. If someone as dull as that boy toy of yours can figure it out, then of course everyone else can.”
“Well, what are you waiting for?” he asked excitedly. “Let’s start picking out audition pieces! It isn’t too late to apply for next semester!”
Before John could play more than a few measures, he got a call from Mike. Bart’s was a lot closer than he’d thought; they were fast on their feet too this evening.
When he arrived to his hotel room he immediately flopped onto his bed and pulled out his phone. He texted John
The rest of the walk was actual date planning mixed in with Sherlock continuously picking on John and he was sure he wouldn’t stop blushing for the next 2 years of his life.
3:46PM
“No, John.
“You haven’t? Not even a
John had been pacing the hotel room until this point. He had just barely removed the headphones from his head since they first boarded the plane back in London. Sherlock was sat down on the bed, watching John intensely.
“Mugged?!”
“Shut up!”
Today was different though. Sherlock let John do all the talking; and John talked about absolutely
The halls were immediately quiet again. The students returned to their conversations among their groups of friends as Jim and his friends stormed out of the school; all except for Sherlock. Sherlock turned and went to help John up off of the ground.
coming today. It had been weeks since the audition, and Sherlock had already received his. Since John’s audition wasn’t too far after his, he assumed that the letter would follow suit at about the same time frame. Which lead to today.
“Molly!” John shouted, jumping up from his seat. “I don’t have time for this! Why, there’s rehearsals on top of rehearsals, I’ve still got this paper to write!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I was like you until I lost them. And that showed me that life is fleeting, and life is
John nodded in response, but he was too far gone at this point to even consider asking him to stop.
“When you’re next up, it will be good to warm-up but there is no sense in full intensity practicing at this point. This is as good as you’re going to play for the audition.”
Sherlock couldn’t help his smile as he led John into his lap, planting more sweet kisses along his cheek and down his neck. He pulled the smaller man into a tight hug and held him for several moments, neither of them saying a word. That was, until they heard it.
“Well, they clearly haven’t been concerns of yours either, Sherlock!”
“Why do you hang out with them? They don’t exactly seem like your type.”
“She’s right, you know,” Mike said, a proud smile on his face. “You do everything that you’ve ever done exceedingly well, John. I really don’t know how you do it. I don’t know how you get up every day and put 110% into everything.”
He stood up straight from his bow and took his seat. He adjusted his bench and hovered his hands over the piano keys, taking a deep breath. With one last look at the conductor, who held his baton at the ready, John smirked and gave a small nod. With that, it was off to the races.
The next morning, John woke up to his phone almost buzzing itself off the table. It was Molly.
John choked back sobs.
“Sherlock?”
Jim was trying desperately to speak loud enough to cover up the loud pounding on the door, but John was so badly beaten. He knew he wouldn’t be able to make much sense of anything going on.
Sherlock laughed. “Unfortunately, I’m the
3:02AM
“…hear that?” John finished.
“Yes.”
“Sorry, sorry,” John said, finally silencing the alarm. “I just didn’t want us to sleep through dinner.”
“Fine,” Sherlock whispered, bringing his hands gently to the hem of John’s t-shirt. “Maybe a logic puzzle then? Like… why haven’t you taken
Sherlock broke the kiss and rested his forehead on John’s, hugging him tighter and closer to him.
“Oh, Molly, don’t be ridiculous,” John said, trying not to laugh. “Sherlock always speaks so highly of you. He loves you, in his own Sherlockian way.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock’s face fell and he silently took the bite of pasta. John sighed and moved to pick up his dinner from the table. He was rather hungry since they hadn’t had a chance to eat any breakfast or lunch before Molly arrived.
“I appreciate it, Sherlock. How hard you fight for me to see what you see in me. I…”
“Yeah, can’t tell you how many times I’ve heard that one before.”
What was it about Sherlock…
“Relax, Molly. Sherlock let me—”
Sherlock wrapped his arm around John’s shoulders and turned him into a slow kiss. “And I hope you never see me like that.”
Sherlock responded to the teasing with a kiss, promptly shutting John up, but doing nothing to stop the smaller man’s shaking. Sherlock chuckled into the kiss, squeezing John closer to him.
John sifted through the many papers that flooded the table. He had done at least 3 revisions of his research paper; sure, it was probably good enough at this point to get him an A, but… he had nothing better to do.
John was expecting those to be the last words he ever spoke to Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock shook his head. “Nonsense. You were born to be a musician, and nothing was going to keep you from that path forever. Not even that fancy doctor job you were so determined to have.”
“At this point I’ve just… I’ve accepted my fate. I just need to see it written down in front of me is all.”
John was silent for a moment. “God,
“Tell me as a fellow musician, as someone who got into Juilliard with full scholarships… do you really think that I have even a sliver of a chance at getting into this school? Was… was all of this worth it?”
John was silent. His face fell down again and his mind was spinning. He had a sensation mixed between knowing exactly what to say, but at the same time not knowing what to say at all. His eyes met Sherlock’s again. He remained silent, just staring into his eyes.
John thought back fondly upon the past few years of his life. He’d been so sure of himself when he started medical school. It was where he was meant to go. He looked over towards Sherlock, who was gazing over the menu
the time.
“Yes ma’am.”
Everything that Sherlock had said and done once they’d walked into the room surprised him. It was obvious he already knew the piece like the back of his hand, why didn’t he just take off and be the pompous soloist he made himself out to be?
“If it’s alright with you, I was thinking I could spend the night? I know it’s been a hard day, and I don’t want to leave you alone, unless you’d rather be alone. But it’s all up to you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Answer your damn phone, Sherlock.”
John stopped in his tracks. “Yeah?”
“I don’t know… but who are you?”
“John?”
“Sherlock?”
John nodded and took a deep breath. He took note of the first few measures of the piece and closed his eyes. He played the first few notes. They were soft and melancholy; a complete contrast from what was to come. Suddenly the world was melting away around him and all he could hear was the music. He couldn’t even tell if he was moving or if he was hearing the piece in the back of his mind.
“Great. Thanks, Angelo. Great pep talk.”
He shakily packed up his instrument and headed back to his hotel room. His flight back to London was tomorrow evening. He shoved everything into his suitcase and fell onto his bed. He texted John. He was
“It must be very entertaining to you.”
“Or,” Sherlock began. “I played horribly, and they were so confused at how everyone thinks I’m one of the greatest musicians of my time when I could barely get out a piece as simple as Dance of the Goblins.”
Sherlock looked up at John with sad eyes. "And I have never been more sorry in my life for anything. Seeing you break apart is something I never want to witness again. So if you are willing to accept this poor excuse of an apology... I'd like for us to start over, John."
Sherlock groaned, but eventually he sat up, and he and John made their way to the bedroom. At this point, usually, Sherlock would be ready to lock lips with that beautiful pianist of his, but he was really in a funk. He snuggled into John’s arms and almost immediately fell asleep.
Sherlock stared back at John with an intensity that he’d never seen before. “John, I have no interest in attending a school that is unable to see what immense talent you possess. I could just as well attend a graduate program somewhere closer to home in London.”
“What the
“So, his royal highness here is going to have to find himself a replacement pianist until then, yeah?”
Sherlock dragged him to breakfast and back to Julliard for some last-minute practice. However, Sherlock demanded that he stop practicing an hour before his audition to let his body rest.
“Ah, ah, ah, don’t you dare start with that nonsense,” Sherlock started matter-of-factly. “You played phenomenally, and they didn’t even stop you at the end of your time slot. They
“The more e-mails you send, the more likely it is you’ll get a response faster.”
“Mycroft?!”
, he screamed in his mind.
Sherlock pouted and looked away from John’s teasing eyes. John leaned forward and planted a gentle kiss on Sherlock’s temple, and the tension in Sherlock’s shoulders immediately relaxed.
The woman’s eyes went empty. Her breath shuddered slightly before she answered.
Molly and Mike both scoffed at him, insisting that he was being way to hard on himself. John simply shrugged.
The judge clasped her hands and leaned forward. She regarded Sherlock stern eyes. “I hope you can prove yourself correct, Mr. Holmes. This may not reflect well on your own admission if they knew you were trying to bribe judges on the behalf of another applicant.”
John muttered something Sherlock couldn’t understand as Sherlock pushed him towards the spare bedroom. He watched as John flopped unceremoniously onto the mattress. Sherlock took the comforter and laid it over him before shutting out the light and closing the door. He then grabbed an extra blanket from his own room and set up camp on the couch. He figured if he slept out here he would hear John trying to leave or do something stupid while he was drunk.
2:47AM
“Then do it! Or are your drugs more important than John?”
Sherlock pulled John around so they were facing each other, and John swore he’d never seen such an intense gaze in those beautiful blue eyes.
am I supposed to play with these people staring at me?”
"Please, can you come outside? So we can talk..."
John gave him a strange look. “What is?”
“Yes you do.”
“You intrigue me, John Watson.”
“I’m so proud of you,” he whispered into his lips. “So, so proud.”
“Sherlock Holmes, have you actually gone and lost your damn mind this time?”
2:37AM
Jim opened up the note and read it. Mycroft knew everything could be considered taken care of when a smirk spread across Jim’s face.
The four friends sat down to dinner. Sherlock just played his last performance before his graduation from the Royal Academy of Music. For nostalgia’s sake, Molly was welcomed aboard the performance, as the accompaniment part required two pianists. It was so much fun to play on stage with his two favorite pianists, and favorite people in the whole wide world.
John waited about 5 minutes. He attempted to work on some homework to pass the time; he knew he would never get a response if he just stared at his phone. He finally got a response about a half hour later.
“And to think, you used to be the dumb one in the family, Sherlock.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well this is the last time you’ll have to hear it,” Sherlock whispered into his ear. “I’ll be the one who means it.”
“Come on, let’s go get some of your things. And let your flat mate know that you aren’t, you know, dead or anything.”
“It’s John, isn’t it?”
Sherlock took off running towards John’s house. Mycroft followed him.
“Guilty as charged.”
“Nothing was stolen, and they were arrested. Sherlock let me sleep in his spare room and he even gave me breakfast when I woke up.”
John looked at her like she’d suddenly grown three more heads. “You do remember that he tried to get you to keep playing on a broken wrist, right?”
trying to tell me that I suck, and they are just trying to reject me in the nicest way possible?”
“No reason, let’s just go.”
“We’re almost there, Sherlock, why are you stopping?”
“An… application?”
“Don’t you see, John. Sherlock doesn’t care for you. For God’s sake, he asked me to do this to you. I told him and told him, ‘Sherlock, don’t you love him? Why would you ask me to do this?’ But the only thing that lad had to say was ‘Do it.’
“Royal Academy of Music, please,” Mike blurted out as they clamored into the back of the cab.
“Oh my god,” John breathed, the letter falling from his hands.
John walked back into the bedroom and flicked the light on, earning an annoyed groan from Sherlock as he pulled the covers over his head.
3:48PM
Sherlock was becoming rather hysterical. “What are you doing this for Mycroft?”
“Don’t spiral, love. We’re going to get this all figured out. I promise. You fought so hard for me to reach my dreams, I’m going to do the same for you.”
John walked outside of his flat and hailed a cab.
“Pardon?”
With that, he pressed the end button on his phone. He turned back to Mike and Molly who looked more concerned than they did before. John fished a wad of cash out of his pocket and handed it to his friends. “I’m sorry our lunch got interrupted with such bad news… I’ve got to go, though. He’s so… God, I’ve got to go. I’ll see you back at home?”
“Because I’ve never loved before…I don’t want to mess it up John. Knowing myself and knowing Mycroft if I don’t mess something up, then surely he will…”
Thanks for reading! As always, please feel free to leave any comments or suggestions!
“S’your fault, you know,” John said, giving Sherlock an accusatory stare.
, which Mycroft was certain that Sherlock was not prepared to deal with. He didn’t need John making his brother any more stupid decisions than he already was. Goodness, Mycroft might lose his mind. He needed at least one human being who could function in the same way that he did. It would be a lot easier to help Sherlock with his problem without him droning on about John Watson all of the time.
Sherlock received no response. He was sure Molly would be upset. They had been playing together for years. It couldn’t feel great to be replaced by someone Sherlock barely knew, but… what if this was the last time he and John would ever be able to spend together?
Eventually, however, John made it home. He was greeted by an uneasy Mike and Molly sitting on the couch.
“Yes dear, come on,” the woman said. “Let’s sit you up.”
“God, sorry guys, I have to take this.”
John rolled over and looked at the clock. It read 5:45.
3:34PM
“Okay, John. You want to know why, so I am going to tell you. So get comfortable, this is going to take a minute. And please don’t interrupt at any point, it will make this go even slower.”
he was planning on responding to
"How did you-?"
With that, the line went dead. John rolled back over and laid in bed for almost another hour before deciding to get up. He didn’t have any classes until the afternoon, so he was in no real hurry. He thanked whatever deities there were that he didn’t have a heavy load on Mondays; it allowed him significantly more recovery time from long weekends. And when a certain soloist kept you up all night with anxiety and an existential crisis.
“What the hell?” John shouted, jumping up from his seat. “That bloody idiot… he knows I can’t do that! Why would he replace you? All he ever says is you’re the best in the academy. Why is he acting so bloody stupid…”
“Sherlock, this is your
“John-”
“Okay?”
Several weeks passed of the same unaware flirting between John and Sherlock. They were both about at their wits end. Neither of them had any idea what was going on, and they weren’t sure of exactly how they were supposed to push the situation forward.
Sherlock pulled John into a kiss. John pushed on Sherlock and tried to get out of his hold, but Sherlock kept a strong grip on John’s waist.
. John thought to himself again, more trying to convince himself than anything else. He took a deep breath before he poured some tea for Sherlock and himself and bringing the mugs over, setting them down on the coffee table.
John let out a small huff. His eyes burned. He put his phone on the bedside table and rolled over. Sleep eventually took over his overwhelming sadness.
“Blushing? What for, John?”
was happening, but John was playing like a true master.
“From John?!”
“Shall we go out for a late dinner to celebrate?” Molly suggested, her face lit up with excitement. It must be strange for her to be sitting in the audience for once John thought to himself.
. Shall we take a stroll and discuss details of our date. The romantic kind.”
“That’s not necessary, mate,” John said, taking a seat at the piano bench. It felt he was sitting down to tea with an old friend, so they could catch up with each other.
“As much as I
“Sherlock,” John started, not sure
“Yeah. My old instructor always pushed me to always go back to songs I knew I could play well, especially when I was feeling… frustrated.”
"Oh, don't be ridiculous. There is no ‘perhaps’ in deductions, Mycroft.”
“Had a fall, she thinks she may have broken it. Can’t move it at all,” he said, adjusting himself in the seat. “She wants you to take a look at it to see whether or not she needs to go to the hospital.”
After a long day of studying, John had finally decided he was ready to dive into bed and fall asleep forever. Just as John stood up from his desk, his phone buzzed.
He noticed that he had a voicemail notification that had been sitting in his inbox all afternoon. He hadn’t looked at his phone but once or twice to tell the time while they were at John and Mike’s flat. He opened it up and noticed that it was an American phone line.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s waist and melted into the embrace. He moved so his chin rested against John’s chest. “Will you let me take care of you too, John?”
After a few more minutes, Mrs. Hudson came in with a tray holding two cups of steaming tea and a plate of freshly baked biscuits. She put it down gently on the coffee table, and Sherlock sat up.
“So why did you never spend more time with Mike? He seems nice.”
“Sherlock, what’s going on? What just happened?”
“I cannot wait to see him crumble when he finds out that his precious Sherlock is addicted to drugs.”
“You know nothing he said is true.”
Before Sherlock could make any sort of response, Mike pushed John towards home. “Well, I better be getting this oaf home before he destroys half of London,” Mike said, eyeing John as he drunkenly swayed where he stood before him. Sherlock seemed to have filled with a sudden sadness that John couldn’t help but notice in his drunken daze.
“Oh, I do wish you would stop acting so foolish, Mycroft. You’re acting like a 15 year old girl. I’m actually surprised more people haven’t mistaken you for one.”
“Sherlock, whatever. He doesn’t know what he’s talking about. You aren’t a proper newbie until Jim has gotten a hold of ya.” Jim picked John up by his shirt collar with ease and threw him to the ground.
, not the audience!” Sherlock exclaimed, spinning about the room. “That’s the key, John. You just need to get lost in your music. Let everything go. Just close your eyes and let the piano do the playing for you! If you play like that at your audition, I guarantee you’ll get the biggest scholarship they have to offer.”
Mycroft untied him, seemingly reluctantly, and Sherlock stood up, rubbing his wrists, which were sore from the rope being tied so tightly. Next, he punched Mycroft in the face, nearly knocking him over.
John stared at the ground, silent. Sherlock held John's arms in his hands, his breathing a bit shallow.
“Sobbing?” John asked, eyes flooded with disbelief. “I… I don’t remember. I don’t remember any of that.”
"Okay, Sherlock."
Sherlock smiled. It was almost too easy to get under John’s skin. Was he the worst boyfriend in the world for doing these things to him constantly? Probably. John still loved him, though. Despite all of his flaws, John still loved him.
“It is too late for me, Sherlock,” John sighed, his face falling. “I’m two years out from being done with medical school, I can’t just drop it. Not now.”
“Good. Great actually.” Sherlock fidgeted nervously in his seat. “I, um… I wanted to ask you something, John.”
“Don’t be insane, you can’t go out alone.”
“Sherlock,” John whispered, hitting his arm.
The phone buzzed again.
Julliard? In the States?!”
“Molls, I’m going to put you on speaker phone, okay? John is here with me. Let’s talk this out.”
John nodded his head slightly. “I’m fine back here,” he replied.
John felt the anxiety twisting in his gut. That must be Sherlock’s way of saying ‘Hey, I’ve got a question…’ John hated it when texts started like that. 9 times out of 10 it led to some sort of disaster.
He leaned his head back and closed his eyes. A few moments later he felt a small tap on his shoulder. He turned and saw the handsome lad next to him, looking like he wanted to ask him a question.
“So you are like him then?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, I think a nice cuppa would be wonderful.”
So this story is my baby and it's very personal so I'm so glad that you guys are reading it and enjoying so far <3
John coughed and tried desperately to get himself up. Instead he just flopped back onto the ground, staring up at Jim.
, he thought to himself.
“I’m… captivated.”
“Because it doesn’t make sense! I’ve hardly known him for a month, how could I be in love with someone I barely know?”
, John!” Molly cried out. “For once in your life, let yourself admit that you’re extraordinary!”
“I’ve been… I’ve been accepted.”
As always, thanks for reading! Leave comments and suggestions if you please! <3
John looked up to meet Sherlock’s eyes. “Yes,” he said.
to be written down in front of you.”
As his first day of school was quickly approaching, John grew more and more nervous. He never really fit in with other kids. He suffered from severe social anxiety. Every time he was out walking on the streets with his neighborhood friends, he was always picked on. He grew depressed with each day, but he hoped that his friends would keep him distracted. Sooner or later, all of his friends left. He was left alone with his thoughts. He began to harm himself sometimes, when the thoughts became too much. On most occasions he would just lay in his bed, staring at the ceiling. He’d lie awake until 3 in the morning until his thoughts got the best of him and he was able to cry himself to sleep. Nobody could ever understand, not even his parents, how he was so depressed. Therefore, they shoved it off and acted like it was nothing, treated it like a phase. This of course caused John greater stress. The thoughts were able to overpower him more often until he was harming himself a least once a day.
“You just…kissed me?”
“Such talent… wasted on a career as a doctor,” he whispered to himself as the piece came to a close. He walked into the room, clapping slowly. John jolted in his seat, and Sherlock could see the blush on the back of his neck.
sorry I'm garbage and haven't updated anything in two weeks lol. I've been working a bunch and its left me with very little time to write, but! I got it done!
John leaned back, silence falling thick between them again. With no response, Sherlock continued.
“It’s one thing to accept help from a friend, and its another to let a friend do all of the things that I should probably be doing. And since I’m
“Hey, kid. Why don’t you walk with us?”
Sherlock glared at John, who only smirked in response. “You’re cute when you’re grumpy, you know.”
“I beg to differ.”
3:33PM
“Oh Sherlock, you’re so dull.”
“Mycroft had just been accepted. Before he…”
. Mycroft smiled as Greg eyed him angrily.
“No! No. No L-word.”
“Alright, John,” Mike whispered to himself, yanking Mike back towards him. “Let’s get you home, mate.”
John seemed rather startled. “Why there?”
Sherlock pulled John into a hug. "Oh God, John, I love you so much."
“Same place tomorrow?” Sherlock asked with a cheeky grin.
a people person, this much was obvious. Molly Hooper was about the only person on this planet that Sherlock could say the company was enjoyable. He’d barely known John for a month and he’d already surpassed Molly by leaps and bounds. What was it about John that made Sherlock spiral out of control?
Oh my gosh, so sorry. College is nuts. I promise I'm gonna write a literal ton this weekend so I have reserves to pull from in the event that I hit a road block and can't write for a while.
"Oh…" John said weakly. "You actually thought I'd…"
Sherlock’s thumbs danced over the keyboard. He was going to reply to John’s texts. He had to. He just had no idea what to say. He knew if they talked in secret, well, it wouldn’t be a secret for long. He needed to tell John to leave him alone himself so he would. Sherlock had never felt like a bigger arse in his life, but he needed to… right? Yes, of course. Mycroft might be an unbelievable pain but he
“You really should stop getting so drunk, you know,” Sherlock teased. “Especially when you don’t have Mike or Molly to babysit you.”
” he started. It was the first portion of the first coherent thought he’d had since he saw that letter waiting for him in his mail box.
“For you, my love, I’d do anything.”
His heart immediately leaped to his throat, and he could barely hear John shuffling around in the kitchen just behind him through the intense beating of his heart. Curiosity besting his anxieties, he tapped the notification, and held a shaky phone up to his ear.
John just laughed and listened as Sherlock continued weaving stories about how much of a genius he was. That was basically the routine nowadays.
John took another shaky breath.
"Give me the phone, Sherlock!"
Molly’s face fell, but she nodded. “Dinner?”
John pulled Sherlock into his chest before he could mutter any more protests, curling his fingers through his wavy, brown locks. “Let me take care of you, Sherlock. Please?”
Mike nodded his head. “I got the notification for graduation a few days ago. I’ve… I’ve really done it.”
He picked up his violin and played. He swore he could hear John just behind him accompanying him. Before he knew it the piece was over and he was bowing before turning and walking off the stage.
“Plus… I’m training to be a doctor. I’m a doctor, not a pianist. I just play the piano in his free time. It’s different from you, Molly. The piano is going to be your lively hood. You’re in the Royal Academy for God’s sake; not only that, you are the most talented pianist there! Let me talk to Sherlock. I assure you he is not going to let you go. Not ever.”
Sherlock felt as if the wind had been knocked out of him.
“Oh for God’s sake, John, I could have slept for a whole other
Sherlock pulled John into a deep kiss that left them both breathless.
Sherlock shrugged. “Would it really make a difference?”
“Oh, John, where the hell have you been?” Molly cried as he walked in the door. She stood up and was next to him in a moment. “Mike texted me saying you never came home, and you wouldn’t answer your damn phone! What were you thinking?”
“She wants the doctor-in-training who has
Sherlock laughed and let his head fall back against the cool tiles on the wall, his smile distant, but full of joy. “That’s what you do best, isn’t it? You always blow everyone away.”
“Wow.”
“So, do you trust me?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock’s mum entered the front hall and smiled. “Oh, don’t worry John, I understand. I just want you to feel at home here.”
“You. It’s always been you.”
However, there was something about the new student that he just seemed to take a liking to. He didn’t really understand why. Was it his messy blonde hair? His blue-grey eyes? His awkward mannerisms? Sherlock honestly had no idea. He had always thought of himself higher than anyone. Therefore, he didn’t make friends. What made this John character so different?
Two weeks had passed since Sherlock arrived home from his Julliard audition. And now, sitting in front of him was an envelope from Julliard. He had ripped it open as soon as he pulled it from his mailbox and he stood there, shaking. He immediately texted John, insisting that he come over to his flat as soon as humanly possible. John had texted back in what felt like a text panic that he was on his way.
Once they got to Sherlock’s house, he opened the door and peered inside. He heard his parents in the other room talking about something. He checked the umbrella basket by the door and saw that Mycroft’s umbrella was gone.
Today they had been trying for almost two hours to get a recording, but John simply couldn’t keep himself composed for it. In a fit of frustration, he slammed his hands down on the keys and groaned. “I can’t do it Sherlock. I should just withdraw my application. If I can’t even do an audition video, how the
He didn’t want to lose Sherlock. He couldn’t. He was one of the greatest people John had ever met, he was sure of it… he wasn’t ready to give all of that up.
The shaking of his voice left him sounding unconvincing in his insult. Not in the slightest.
recital I had was ages ago. I don’t have an instructor anymore, all I have is this smarmy git who is so wrapped up in himself…”
I am,,, the worst at updating. I'm so sorry. But! It is finally fall break so I have some time to catch up. I won't promise anything, but I'm gonna try really hard to get another chapter up before Wednesday. I'm really excited about this story! It is so funny because I already have the ending written up, I just have to get there... stay tuned!
John and Sherlock have returned to the UK from the United States, and Sherlock has news waiting for him.
“You’re going to stay here?” Mike asked, not even trying to mask his confusion. “With
thing. I knew I wasn’t good enough, that’s why I stopped playing! I was never going to be good enough to make a career out of this.”
John shook his head. “It’s not worth it if it’s making you give up your… everything.”
He eventually made his way onto the plane and found his seat. He sat down next to a younger gentleman, who looked nothing short of ‘I’d-rather-be-anywhere-else-but-here.’ Charming. Sherlock had no complaints, though. A stoic, silent seatmate meant that conversation would likely be minimal. Perhaps even nonexistent.
“Are you surprised? I’m not. I knew it was a mistake as soon as I saw that letter.”
Sherlock thought. Then Sherlock thought even harder.
“Sherlock Holmes, there is nothing in this universe that Mycroft could say that would make me think differently of you.”
Sherlock stood up and walked over to John and wrapped his arms around him. “Deep breaths, love. You’re playing wonderfully. You just need to
“Come on, Jim, it is his first day, just let him be,” he heard a voice behind him say. He turned around to face the looming figure behind him.
“Oh, it’s so lovely to hear your laugh again. I thought you’d lost it.”
John nodded. “You don’t think its possible they do it “express” or whatever the hell they do over there?”
“I got mugged,” John held up a hand stopping them from making any outbursts. “I’m fine, Sherlock’s landlady found me and the police were called.”
Sherlock kept his gaze locked on the ground. John pulled him into another kiss. “Do you understand?”
“Shut the hell up and tell me where he is!”
John still didn’t believe Sherlock. He looked up into Sherlock’s eyes, which were full of affection; affection for John. John couldn’t break his gaze no matter how hard he tried. Sherlock smiled slightly as he cupped John’s face and pulled it up to his own, their lips only a few centimeters apart.
"You're...working for the Scotland yard?" Mycroft asked, trying very hard to keep the disgust out of his voice. It obviously hadn't worked; Greg look quite offended. He snatched the paper out of Mycroft's hands and stuck it in the pile with the others, his face reddening.
“No.”
Sherlock finally looked up from his menu and met John’s gaze. John must have been sporting some dangerous heart eyes, because he watched as a blush crawled from his cheeks up to the tip of his ears.
“God, you sure are thick for someone that was smart enough to get into medical school,” Molly said, giggling. “Love doesn’t have a time limit John. Plus… you two play music together. That’s only the most romantic language two people can speak! No words, just the music flowing through the both of them. It transfers endless thoughts and emotions through the two of you and before you know it, all you can think about is how you feel when you are playing together!”
Sherlock shook his head as he reached out and grabbed John’s hands. “I always doubted myself. My brother Mycroft was a violinist too, and he was leagues better than me. We had started playing around the same time, but he just picked everything up so quickly. I always felt like I was in the shadow of everyone who was better than me, and I was always afraid of their criticisms. So, when I played, that’s what I sounded like. Talented, but afraid of letting go.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sherlock? Love, I need you to breathe for me. You have to breathe so you can talk to me. What’s going on?”
Sherlock had one last performance at the Royal Academy before his graduation, and John was more than happy to oblige to be his accompanist one last time before he may or may not ever play the piano again professionally in his life.
3:48PM
John noticed Sherlock falling deep into his thoughts again. He gently cupped his face and placed a gentle kiss to Sherlock’s forehead.
Sherlock ripped the shoe out of Mycroft’s hand.
Sherlock rolled off of John and pulled him up so they were both standing. He cupped his face and gave him soft kisses on his cheeks and his forehead. “John Watson I’ve never met a more talented pianist in my life, and if this school decides that you’re not good enough then neither am I.”
"Sorry, Sherlock, could you help me bandage these properly?" John asked awkwardly, motioning towards his arms. "I haven't been able to for two weeks..."
“I had to play it for a recital in high school; it’s one of the best pieces I’ve ever played…” John said softly, turning around on the piano stool. “I’m surprised I was able to play it so decently.”
has to tell him that he’s dating a drug addict. It isn’t fair for him to just not know.”
“Sherl, what’s going on, love?”
Without thinking, John hoisted himself out of his seat and found a new one in the seat of Sherlock’s lap. The brunet looked up at him, his face colored completely with a shocked blush.
“Oh, that diner a few blocks down is open now if you all want to go grab some lunch,” Mike said. Molly and John both frantically agreed, and the three of them set out in search of the next cab. They spent brunch talking ever-so-slightly less about John, upon his request, and more about what Molly and Mike had been up to while he was away for the past week.
“Shut up, you’re talented and you know it.”
John couldn’t help how his heart fluttered slightly at all of the compliments. “You’re sure you aren’t just in it for the bonding?” he teased.
“No. No, I don’t believe so.”
thanks for reading, as always! I officially have a tentative final chapter count for this story too :'). so many years in the making
“In a
John simply followed the other group of kids as they got off of the subway and walked. Once he arrived at the school, he was already able to point out at least 3 groups that would probably want to rough up the new kid. However, while he was busy scoping out the school, he didn’t notice the rather large student approach him from behind.
"I'm okay, mum. Is it alright if Sherlock stays over for a while?"
Certainly it wasn’t this Sherlock character. With his stupid curly hair, and his mysterious air. How he’d come off as a complete prick, and somehow pulled a complete reversal on his image when he and John practiced together the first time. How absolutely wonderful it was to watch him get lost in his instrument. How John had loved watching him bounce about excitedly afterwards.
He then found himself thinking that he didn’t want to say no… he had fallen hard for the piano, and even harder for the tall violinist with bright blue eyes and curly brown locks of hair. Damn… what the hell was happening to him? Where had his passion for medicine gone? All he ever wanted to do was help people.
“No offense Angelo, but I think I would
“Sherlock, what is going to happen if I don’t get called for the live audition.”
"The only one ruining me is you, don't you understand?! Whenever when I am with John I'm happy. Whenever I'm with you, I'm not!"
Thanks for all the support so far! I'm glad you guys are interested in the story c:
Molly nodded gratefully, but she couldn’t refrain from peering over John’s shoulder while he browsed.
John simply chuckled in response. “Alright. I’m making a surprise dinner then. And if you
“Alright, um, where did we leave off?” John asked, turning back around to flip through his music. Though Sherlock was not fully convinced that John was fine, he figured that playing would keep his mind more preoccupied than going home and doing nothing at all.
take that quitter talk from you, Holmes. Where’s that smarmy prick of a violinist I met all that time ago?”
Sherlock sighed. “Well, before I go into it, might I remind you that this is completely theoretical and I guarantee that you are going to get called in for a live audition. But, if you somehow
“Damn…” he breathed, clutching the phone tighter in his hand. The git was right. He really… really loved playing the piano. Not to get the wrong idea, however; John was incredibly passionate about his studies and wanted nothing more than to become a successful doctor. Yet… this could be his last opportunity to get to play real recitals like this.
All his bloody fault...
Molly nodded excitedly. “And, you could always be a part-time doctor to make extra spending money! Since you’re gonna have a full ride to Julliard and everything.”
“I’m good enough, I suppose,” John said as he sat down across the table from Sherlock. “How are you doing, Sherlock?”
At the end of the day when John made it home he took out his phone and put in Sherlock’s number. He wanted to text him right then, but he also didn’t want to seem desperate.
The audience and orchestra alike erupted with laughter. The conductor shot John a bright smile from on stage.
John’s phone buzzed in his hand as he was sending a fifth text. His heart fluttered as he read the words.
“Yes, then I grew up. Something I highly suggest for you to partake in,
“Sounded lovely, as always, you two.”
Sherlock was so lost in his thoughts that he didn't notice when it was actually John who answered the door.
In the end, it was Sherlock that pulled the first punch. He sent Molly a text.
(See the end of the chapter for
John almost hadn’t registered that they had made it to the end of the piece and Sherlock was standing there, a small gleam of sweat covering his face. He tried to make it look as though he hadn’t been staring at him in complete awe. He was sure that would look much creepier than he was intending.
John didn’t even point out that he had never told Sherlock that he had a sister. He just went along with it. “I haven’t seen my sister in a long time… she ran off with friends a while back. She started getting into drugs and alcohol. My parents barely hear from her. They always worry about her. Never me, just her.”
Sherlock lifted his violin into playing position and gave a curt nod. “Start a few beats slower than the marked tempo, whatever you are comfortable with to get yourself used to the part.”
Sherlock shook his head. “It’s where Mycroft was going…”
The days passed just as they had before John had ever gotten sucked back into the music world. It had been two weeks since Molly had gotten the all-clear to continue playing, and he hadn’t seen or heard from Sherlock Holmes since the night of the performance.
Molly gritted her teeth as John examined the wrist. “I slipped on something backstage, perhaps a stray sheet of music. I fell forward and my right hand landed on the floor a little further back than where it needed to be to catch my fall. So…I more or less fell on it, and my wrist feels like it’s snapped right in two.”
“Yeah,” he said, his voice loud and obnoxious. Brilliant. “Who wants to know?”
Jim dropped a crumpled note, letting it flutter down in front of John’s face.
Sherlock had never been the type to be dramatic. Though, he seemed to be the only one who thought so. He practically kissed the ground when they landed in the Heathrow airport. They were greeted by an ever-ecstatic Molly and Mike, who were anxiously awaiting any and all news about what transpired in the colonies. As tired as John was, he couldn’t refuse sitting down to an early brunch with his two dearest friends to tell them about everything that had happened. Sherlock, on the other hand, was more than happy to turn down the invitation. John gave him a pleading look, but he finally gave up when he realized that there was no keeping Sherlock away from his home bed any longer. So, they hopped into two separate cabs. John, Mike, and Molly headed for the boys’ flat, and Sherlock headed for his own flat on Baker Street.
“John, the first day I saw you. The first day I heard you play. Do you remember what I told you?”
"Okay, so I am capable of feeling. Is that honestly so bad?"
Mike and Sherlock chuckled as they broke from the hug. The groups departed again and this time they only offered a short wave as they turned around to bid their friends farewell while they walked away. The two men walked further and further into the airport. They turned a corner, officially leaving their friends, their families, their London behind them. Not forever. Not for good. Just for now.
Sherlock grimaced, but he finally stood up and made his way to the bathroom to take a quick shower. When he finished and made his way back to his bedroom to get dressed, John was no longer there.
“Well, I didn’t
Without saying a word, John cupped Sherlock’s face and brought him into a feverish kiss.
Sherlock makes the first move? And John starts to get really confused about what he wants.
“Why so shy, John?”
Once they’d left the room, John turned and walked towards the piano. He refused to acknowledge the violinist’s presence.
“You knew that before I answered the question, didn’t you?
with.
I get in, then… well, I’d have to move. To the United States. And, I’m not entirely sure how many years I would be gone.”
“What time is it?” Sherlock asked.
John grunted and rolled over to face the complaining gentleman. “We all have our flaws. Even you, Mr. Perfection.”
Sherlock continued to ignore John for the rest of the week.
Sherlock finally left John's house at about 8. His brother still hadn't made any attempt to contact him.
Before John had grasped exactly what was going on, the night of the recital arrived. John stood backstage in his suit that somehow still fit, his hands sweating and his heart pounding. Sherlock approached him, his usual essence of superiority absent, replaced with sympathy. It was so strange to see him acting so kind towards him. I guess the git had a soft spot for people who were nervous about performing.
John blushed, but before he could respond his phone began to ring.  He picked it up and answered it. A brief “all right, we will be right down,” told Sherlock that Molly had arrived, and it was time for them to leave for dinner. John offered Sherlock his hand and he took it, still blushing from their encounter. John couldn’t help but laugh at Sherlock’s absolute inability to handle a man in a suit.
John took several shaky breaths before giving Sherlock a curt nod. He left the bathroom and walked back towards the stage with a quivering purpose. He walked out towards the piano and made no regards towards the judges. No words were spoken, no eye contact was made. He hardly even peaked out of the corner of his eye towards the judges table. Instead he cleared his throat as he sat down at the piano bench again. He took a deep breath, and let his hands fall onto the keys that were so familiar to him.
Sherlock heard a scuffling as John stood up and opened up the stall, stepping out of it on shaky legs. Sherlock launched himself off of the floor and ran to him and grabbed him by the shoulders. “Go out there and show them that you’re the best damn pianist they’ve ever seen.”
It was John’s turn to flush a bright pink as he looked down at his lap, twiddling his fingers. “I love you so much, Sherlock… I’ve no idea what I’d do without you.”
Sherlock cracked a small smile, but he still seemed unsure.
“No… no, you’re right,” Sherlock said, his voice quivering. “You aren’t going to be able to learn to let go the way I did. We are in completely different circumstances. I’m sorry.”
“Okay, first of all…
Enjoy!
Sherlock sat down, smoothing the wrinkles out of his jumper, the embarrassment apparent on his face with his cheeks flushed as red as a tomato. John couldn’t help the smile that decorated his face.
"Don't mock me."
“Yes, let’s.”
"Greg Lestrade?"
John only hugged tighter in response, rubbing his back gently.
She smiled at him knowingly. Did she recognize him as well?
“You blew them away. That’s what the hell just happened.”
As though that was a cue, John fell into wrecked sobs and burrowed into Sherlock’s embrace. And that’s when he was certain that this was truly the beginning of something wonderful. John’s life was going to change, and he was going to realize what incredible talent he truly possessed.
John smiled. “I will admit, just having the audition over and done with is a huge relief. I can’t believe what a fool I made of myself though…”
Sherlock threw back another shot and let his head fall against the bar.
John pulled Sherlock into one of the tightest hugs he had ever given him.
John perked up. “Oh, did that arse of a violinist do something? I’ll kill him myself.”
“Have you seen the amount of issues John Watson has, Sherlock? That is the last thing you need. You have your own problems to deal with!”
“I could see you home, if you like. I’d need to pay for your cab home anyway.”
“Sherlock texted me last night,” Molly started, her voice quivering. “He said he wants… he wants to ask you to permanently replace me as his accompanist.”
4:25PM
The concert mistress stood next to him back stage. She turned to him, a soft smile.
“Meeting you is what made me realize that my dream didn’t lie in medicine like I thought for so many years… you were right, as you probably usually are… I
“Well, you don’t seem to like me very much,” Sherlock said, a snobbish air about his voice. “Why did you stay behind?”
John gave Sherlock a slight smile. His phone began to vibrate in his pocket. He took it out and the screen read ‘Mum.’
John reluctantly walked up to join the group. They talked about lots of things, but they mostly talked about people; they talked about how one girl’s head was too big, or one guy’s hair was too long. He nervously tightened his grip on his map of the school. His game plan was to simply get through the day without any help; just stay invisible. If nobody noticed him then he wouldn’t get picked on by anybody.
He had a good feeling, and he hoped it would follow suit. Once they arrived at John’s flat, they resigned to spending the day lazing around the apartment, alternating between watching various television programs and playing games together. John seemed to be faring better than he had the previous night, but he kept a sharp ear out for the mail truck in the hopes that today was the day.
John scoffed. “Git… why did I agree to do this, again?”
"Yeah... so what?"
“Damnit, Sherl, I’m sorry… shit…”
“It is actually quite humorous,” said Sherlock one day, “he doesn’t suspect a thing and I literally plot out my plans right in front of him.”
3:49PM
“I need a drink!”
have the same look on my face studying medicine as I do playing the piano.”
After reaching the end of the piece, John turned to Sherlock, looking out of breath. “Would you like me to run through it again?”
“Eat, Molly. I’ll keep looking.”
“Well hey there, new kid.” John supposed that this was Jim. “Don’t mind my friend Sherl here-”
3:36PM
“I’ve heard enough, Mycroft. Good day.”
Tbh John is me irl b/c I have like, no confidence in my ability as a musician which sucks because I've been playing for 8 years and I feel like I should be better than I am. And then the people around me are my Sherlock b/c they're all like "but you're so good stop being so hard on yourself"
But he knew that he had to do this. He had to tell John what he was planning to do, no matter how badly it hurt. So, he sent a text.
poor nervous boy. but he'll probably be fine! maybe
“Crap,” he whispered, moving through several various stretches in an effort to alleviate the pain in his shoulders and his back. “Sherl, you stayed here all night?” he asked sleepily, turning to the man half-sitting, half-lying next to him. Sherlock laid with his head thrown back, his mouth thrown open. He awoke with a startled snore, his messy curls falling in his face as he jolted upwards. He grunted and brought a hand to his neck.
“I agree completely,” Sherlock said. “Molly is a fantastic player; her skill is no doubt up to par. But… you are better.”
“You know, you’re
“If you go to Julliard… I’ll apply for the Royal Academy,” John interrupted him.
“Not with
he thought to himself.
"What do you want-"
“Yes, of course. But there’s something I want us to do first, I’ll be right back.”
“Does that answer your question?”
John sat quietly for a moment. He looked up at Sherlock.
Mycroft stood up and smoothed out his wrinkled clothes. Sherlock sat on the floor, silent.
“She goes to the fancy music school, Sherlock. I don’t.”
little sleep that night.
Sherlock’s thumbs danced again. He didn’t know what to say.
All it took was one gorgeous stranger to come into his life and completely uproot everything John had ever thought he understood.
Sherlock gave him a playful wink before linking arms with the shorter man. “Well, my love, shall we get going?”
“Oh, what’s the point in fighting it John?”
“Molly was the best of the accompanists available...” Sherlock whispered to himself, looking stressed. “I’ll never be able to find someone as talented as her...”
John smiled and looked up at Sherlock.
Sherlock had missed the past few days of school. John was growing increasingly worried about him. He hadn’t responded to any of his texts or calls. He didn’t want to act like the obsessed partner who called every five minutes, but after the show between Mycroft and Sherlock, he knew that those two weren’t afraid to rip each other apart if they had to. As soon as John got home, he pulled out his phone and texted him.
“Why not you? You go to Bart’s too.”
hungry. And you know that I never say that.”
“Hello John. Are you alright? You seem a bit tense.”
John and Molly spent the entire afternoon on their phones, taking turns calling the admissions office at Julliard. Since decision letters were starting to get mailed out, it was probably going to take them ages to actually get ahold of someone. The whole being located overseas, 5 hours in the future thing probably wasn’t a great deal of help to them either. Sherlock sat pensively in his chair, sulking while the two of them struggled in vain to contact Julliard’s admissions office.
John couldn’t fight the blush that spread through his cheeks as he grabbed a biscuit for himself and sat down on the couch next to Sherlock, leaning into him.
With another frustrated groan, John pulled the covers over himself and eventually fell into an uneasy sleep.
“Well perhaps he just has a very talented shoe repairman who specializes in everything but the soles of shoes."
John shuddered as Sherlock gently pulled John up before pulling his shirt off in one swift motion. John looked up at him with concerned eyes.
Sherlock shrugged, falling haphazardly onto the sofa, somehow not completely exposing himself.
“I won’t have that talk, Watson,” Sherlock growled into his lips. John shivered at the tone and pulled back, blushing furiously.
After school, Sherlock took John straight to where they had first spent time together; on the top of Bart’s hospital.
“And now I’d like to welcome our soloist to the stage. Now, I don’t want you all to worry if the amazing quality of his performance leads you to faint; our soloist is a doctor, after all.”
“Apply for Julliard. Come to the United States with me, John.”
“Oh, don’t act all high and mighty Sherlock, you used to be exactly the same.”
.  .  .
. Molly was probably right. They knew they wanted someone as talented like you in their program and the audition was more or less truly a formality. It assured them that you really are that talented and now their minds are made up.”
Sherlock kissed his way up to John’s ear. “If you want me to stop at any point, tell me.”
John shoved Sherlock up into a sitting position and pulled him around so that he was facing him, eyes directly level with his own.
“To be the biggest smartarse to walk the streets of London.”
“What… my fault?” Sherlock asked. His common sense told him not to push John on the subject while he was intoxicated, but he had no idea what John was on about.
John almost let the phone drop out of his hands. He looked at the message for a good five minutes before he took it into realization.
Sherlock’s hands shook as his brother sent the message to John using his phone.
And John was easily one of the most talented pianists he’s ever met, so he was bound to have one of these spectacular runs any moment. Truthfully speaking, it seemed the only thing that was keeping John from Julliard at this point was himself. His nerves were getting the best of him, and it seemed to be getting worse with each passing practice.
“Well, next time, pay more atten-“
“Of course you know, you know everything!”
“Where has John gone?” she asked, looking around the living room.
“Well, what kind of experiments would you perform on people?”
With a curt nod, John turned and left to join Mike and Molly in the lobby. They immediately bombarded him, leaving him no time to think about the exchange he and Sherlock had just had.
Sherlock’s words echoed in his head, torturing him.
John rolled his eyes. “You flatter me.”
“I don’t see why.”
Those thoughts were becoming more and more intrusive as time continued to pass without any word from Juilliard about John’s admission status. John shook his head as he struck a sour chord, pulling Sherlock out of his own muse while they were practicing together. Sherlock turned on his heel, but John wasn’t met with pompous annoyance like the old Sherlock would have provided. Instead his face was filled with sincere concern as he immediately rushed to John’s aid.
Sherlock rammed himself into the door several times. He felt it gradually getting looser but it wasn’t enough.
“Shut up, Mycroft!” Was he stupid? Of course Sherlock was in love with John. As if Sherlock would actually say such a thing to his brother. Sherlock never told his brother anything. He was into politics, twisting words was his passion.
It had been over a year since they started dating. Sherlock knew something this good couldn’t have lasted. He hated himself for dragging both him and John through all of this, just to rip it away from both of them.
Yay for Sherlock!!! :"D I feel so bad for putting him through all that but let's be honest,,, he wasn't not getting into Juilliard. that's just silly
“Sherlock, is that you, love?” Sherlock muttered a silent ‘damn.’
“God, John, I don’t care,” Sherlock muttered, his own voice wavering. John wanted to ask him why, but he couldn’t form any more words. The only sounds he could muster were broken sobs.
“John…”
“John.”
“Not at all,” he said. "There are no visible marks where the shoes would most likely need repairs." Sherlock tossed the shoe back at Mycroft. "Even the most talented repairmen could fix a shoe leaving it perfect. This shoe hasn’t been repaired once."
"Okay, okay, fine," John said, stepping outside and closing the door. The last thing he needed was this git to make a scene.
“Oh, for the love of God…” John muttered, standing up and walking over to where Sherlock sulked in his chair. John leaned forward so their eyes were level. “Are you quite finished with that nonsense of yours?” John asked.
“Sherlock?!”
“How the hell has that thing not fallen off yet?” John asked, not even bothering to hide his frustration. Sherlock only chuckled in response, sending shivers down John’s spine.
“John are you planning on coming to bed sometime this evening?”
As soon as Sherlock saw John he ran up to him and pulled him into a tight hug. John, surprised, tightened his arms around him.
“Pardon me, madam, but please allow me to speak to you on Mr. Watson’s behalf. I can assure you that he is nothing but pure talent. Please just let me talk to him and I know that I can get him back on the stage and he’ll play perfectly.”
"Don't even start with me Mycroft," Sherlock snapped. "What the hell have you been doing all day?"
John took Sherlock’s hands in his own. “Sherlock, look at me.”
John evokes so much emotion within you, it makes me sick."
Sherlock’s blush deepened, but he stood up and clapped his hands together. “Just think about that. Think about me playing with you. How calm you feel, how masterfully you play the instrument in front of you. Think of that and let everything else go.”
“You made me look like an idiot yesterday, Watson!”
with John,” Mycroft sneered, cornering a helpless Sherlock in the corner of the upstairs hall.
“Don’t give up hope, love. We’re going to figure this out.”
Greg now looked very angry. "Well, maybe those "poor excuses for detectives" would be more willing to admit that if you and your brother weren't complete arseholes!" he shouted. Mycroft wanted to look taken aback; but if anything, he was
"You hadn't been at school for two weeks, John. I went to your house to see if you were there. I needed to apologize and make sure you hadn't... you know."
He kept rereading the first paragraph over and over again, willing it to not be true.
Sherlock threw his phone to the side and laid staring up at the ceiling for what felt like ages.
“Molly was really upset about you wanting to ask me to be your permanent accompanist, Sherlock…” John started cautiously. He was certain Sherlock would know that he knew, seeing as Molly was one of his best friends. “As much as I would love to continue playing with you, it isn’t fair to Molly. I really think you should take her back. She really is quite a wonderful player.”
John chuckled and threw his own cards before climbing over the table and planting a kiss on Sherlock’s cheek. “I’m only kidding, you know. You’re not
“The anxiety, John. The nerves. The mind racing. The heart pounding. I need you to clear your head and only think about the piano that’s in front of you and the Chopin that you are playing. Who gives a damn if you make a mistake? If you put your heart into it, it is going to sound flawless no matter what!”
John gave Sherlock a sad smile. “Well, obviously I’d miss you like crazy. But Sherlock, this is your life here. You can’t put it on hold for anyone. If it’s really what you want…” John paused as he took Sherlock’s hands into his own. “You have to chase your dreams, Sherlock. For you. For me. For everyone who cares about you.”
With that, John stood up. “Sorry love, I’ve got a paper due this week. I’ve got to head home. I’ll see you later?”
John looked up to see the judges talking amongst themselves and giving him confused looks. The same judge who had spoken earlier spoke again. “Why don’t you take a deep breath and try again, Mr. Watson.”
It didn't take Sherlock very long to figure out that John had been hiding out at his friend Mike's house. Besides Sherlock, Mike was really the only friend that understood John, but he lived a ways across town, so John didn’t see him much. How Sherlock came to figure out Mike's address, well, he would never admit. There was a 72% chance that it wasn't legal. Anyway, the important thing was that he was going to find John, and he was going to apologize, and he was going to take John home.
“It is for the best, Sherlock. You don’t need love getting in the way,” Mycroft said, handing Sherlock his phone. “You will thank me some day.”
“Have I said something wrong?” he asked, a somewhat frightened edge to his voice.
“Alright,” Mike said, giving John a knowing grin. “C’mon, Molly. We’ll get you fixed up.”
Eventually Sherlock clambered through the front door of his flat, followed by John carrying his luggage. Sherlock gently set his violin down on a table and proceeded to flop onto his couch. He felt absolutely miserable, and he had no idea why. Was this what travelling did to people? No wonder he didn’t do it much. He was tired and anxious and he wanted nothing more than to fall asleep in John’s arms.
John pulled away from his embrace and moved to hide himself, his face burning with embarrassment. “It isn’t what you need right now,” he mumbled, barely audible from where he was currently trying to bury himself into a troubled fetal position. “For God’s sake, you were just in tears not 5 minutes ago. Your emotions are all over the place and you just need a calm, relaxing evening.”
“I did,” Sherlock replied. “Twice.”
The phone fell from Sherlock’s hand and he sat there, motionless. It was much too late now, right? To call them. It was just after 6 here.
3:32PM
John blushed furiously, but he still hesitated. “Isn’t it too late to audition for this year? You’ve already auditioned and gotten your acceptance letter. So, the period is over?”
"Well, that night, when you texted me, Mycroft and I were in the same room. That's why it took so long for me to text back in the first place. Obviously, my brother being the obnoxious git he is, realized it was you who had texted me as soon as I took out my phone. He said I "get this sparkle in my eye when it's you" so I left the room so I could text you back. That was when I had told you that I wished that we could be together, but we couldn't. I felt horrid as soon as I hit send. I was relieved when you texted me saying that you loved me. I decided right there that I was going to tell you that I loved you as well. I wasn't going to let Mycroft control me. But before I could type out the message, Mycroft came into the room and he tried to get the phone out of my hand. He's the one who sent the whole "sorry for the inconvenience" message. After that, I just... I didn't know what to do. I just dropped my phone and left the room. Mycroft kept trying to convince me that it was for my own good, but I just... I just..." Sherlock couldn't find the words to use, so he just fell silent, his head in his hands, his breath shaky and his eyes wet with tears.
‘No.’ he thought. ‘No no no, John, please, stay with me. John!’
Sherlock looked confused.
Sherlock nodded as if to say ‘you’re welcome.’ “The name is Sherlock, by the way. Sherlock Holmes.”
“Deduction is an art, John; an art that I have mastered completely.”
“They’re pulling for you, John. They’re playing indifference, but I can see it in the disappointment in their eyes. They all saw your recorded audition. They all
Molly had been attending Bart’s with them for a short while until she decided to audition for a music school somewhere in London. He couldn’t recall the name. Almost immediately she was recruited by a fellow student to be his accompanist. The only thing John had heard about him was that he could play the violin, and he was more than a bit full of himself about it, which was already enough to make John dislike him.
"What the hell is that supposed to mean?!" Sherlock shouted into the phone. There was a laugh before the call was ended.
And when 7:30pm rolled around, Sherlock wore he had never been so happy to board a plane in his life. He’d spent too much time away from London as of late. It was really going to be incredibly difficult to get used to life in New York City. Everything really… was everywhere.
marks in his classes.”
Sherlock stopped John short with a kiss, this one needy, full of desire. Sherlock’s tongue slid into John’s slightly parted mouth, earning a small moan from the blond underneath him. Sherlock broke away, hardly effected while John was a panting mess underneath him already.
to hear you play. Nobody there thought anything of you other than the fact that you were probably the most amazing pianist to ever grace that stage.”
Sherlock cupped John’s face. “I love you, that is what’s wrong.”
John huffed. “I’ll show you virtue in a minute, you bloody git.”
Sherlock grimaced and went into his room, slamming and locking the door behind him.
“I know, but… that means I have to leave, John…”
Sherlock shook his head ferociously as he began serving dinner. “Trust me, they make minimal judgements based on those kinds of criteria. Everyone gets nervous at auditions. But the fact that you were able to shake nerves of that intensity and play as phenomenally as you did is what they’re going to remember.”
He was approaching the end of his final year at the Royal Academy. He had to start thinking about where he was going from here. He, of course, was leaning towards a graduate program. He loved performing more than anything, but he wanted to be able to do more. He wanted to be able to teach and spread his passion for music around wherever he went. He wouldn’t perform all his life. Carpal Tunnel was sure to find its way into his wrists sooner rather than later.
(See the end of the chapter for
know what he was talking about.
Sherlock had an interesting group of…people. Well, they called themselves his friends, which was rather stupid of them; he didn’t have friends. Jim and his friends simply followed Sherlock around. They admired his incredible deduction skills. I mean, everyone did.
John decided to tune him out and focus solely on the piano in front of him. His hands pressed into the keys, and the song almost seemed to play itself in front of him. John completely lost himself.
“He… he called me captivating again. And, oh God, the way he looked at me… Molly, what the hell is going on?”
Sherlock smiled at his phone and walked outside of Speedy’s so he could meet John.
“I said I love you, John,” Sherlock repeated, more insistent.
John heard the deeper silence fall between them. It was a surprised silence, like when one discovers a plot twist in their favorite show on the telly.
He hoped that a new school would give him a chance to make at least one friend to distract him from his mess of a life. He may have gotten a bit more than he bargained for in the end.
“He’s turning you into a bloody fool, Sherlock! People like us shouldn’t even be forced to breathe the same
“I just want you to be okay,” Sherlock whispered into his dirty blond hair, hugging John closer.
Sherlock let the knowledge that his lover was finally finding some peace amongst the inner turmoil of all the changes in his life allowed him to find some sleep after all.
isn't
A… a mistake? Sherlock said nothing, so the voice on the line continued.
“Want to just answer all of the questions for me, then?”
Sherlock was yanked back into reality. "John!"
Sherlock walked over to John and planted a kiss on the top of his head. “Take five minutes and clear your head, love. I’m going to run and grab a drink.”
He was awoken by a loud buzzing, followed by a frantic John flapping about to find his phone on the bedside table. Sherlock groaned and rolled away from him. “Why do you
Sherlock shook his head. “You don’t need to say anything.”
With that, Greg stormed away, leaving Mycroft surprisingly dazzled.
“I wanted to make sure you didn’t pull any drunken shenanigans, so I took you home with me.” Sherlock was impressed with how nonchalant he made himself sound with all of this.
“How am I supposed to know if I can trust what you say?”
"Why?!"
“Thank you,” John said. “And…thank you for the opportunity to perform again. I forgot how incredible it felt walking off stage after a good performance.” John looked away, smiling slightly.
2:37AM
as people like him.”
Yes. Definitely cried over it. Sherlock truly couldn’t wait to be back home where he could be anxious in the company of the people he loved.
need money.
So what if he happened to be falling in love with— no. No, none of the L-word. John was not falling in L-word with Sherlock Holmes. He was a bloody prick, he was. Nothing more. Sure, he had gorgeous brown hair and beautiful eyes that John loved to stare into. Especially when he was excited about something—
One, two, three blows to John’s head came. After that, he was thrown to the floor and kicked once in the stomach. John curled up into a ball trying not to show the pain. He opened his eyes slightly to make sure Jim was far enough away that he could stand up without being pushed down again. He opened them just in time to see Jim slip through a puddle on the hall floor. He fell down on his back and it was as if the whole building shook. Once again, an eruption of laughter rang through the halls. Jim’s face turned bright red as he stood up.
"You're mother was very worried about you, John. Perhaps we should have started walking you home sooner. I don't know exactly what time I went to your house, but it was quite a while ago..."
John smiled and hugged her back tighter. “You’ve always been my number one fan. Thank you for everything, Molly.”
“Me either.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John finally looked up to see the face of this stranger. Unfortunately, he wasn’t wearing as much surprise as John had been secretly hoping. Sherlock had dark, brown curls framing his face, and he was wearing a black suit, as though he were currently performing. He held his violin delicately in one hand, and his bow in the other. He had a tall, lanky figure, and the air surrounding him was fogged with his sense of superiority. It made John want to throw up.
“S’been too long, Sherl… I’m sorry. I missed you.”
“You.”
“One problem: I am still tied to this chair.”
"You see! That, right there, Sherlock.
As Mycroft scoped out the premises he found the group of students he was looking for. He remembered Sherlock talking nonsense about a boy named Jim and his group would constantly follow him around during school. Sherlock had said he was rather large, and rather dumb.
The two looked into each other's eyes, smiling. It had been one extremely long, bumpy, exhausting ride, but it had gotten them here. It felt like they had just spent a lifetime to prove they loved each other. But in the end, it worked.
“I worry about you, John.”
At the end of the second week Sherlock walked up to Mycroft.
“Its outdoors, it’s private.”
With that, Sherlock grabbed his phone and left the room. He was indeed thirsty, but the drink was going to have to wait. There is one thing Sherlock knew about John, and that was that he always played better on his own. It needed to be worked on, sure. But… for the live audition, it was exactly what Sherlock needed.
At this point, Sherlock stood up and walked over to where John was laid down. He dropped himself down so he was hovering above him. He leaned down and stole a kiss before pushing himself back up. John was looking off to the side. He used one hand to pull John’s face towards him. “Love, look at me.”
John put his phone back on his desk and flopped into his bed. His hands flew up to cover his face and he groaned. What on Earth did he think he was doing? He had papers to write and studying to do. He didn’t have time to go play the piano twice a week.
Sherlock met her gaze with equal intensity. “I’m not bribing anyone, I’m simply speaking the truth. And you’ll be eating those words once you hear him play.”
“Hey, John, I wanted to say thank you for accepting Sherlock’s request! I’m sorry, I totally forgot to warn you that he was going to ask you again... or that I got recruited into the piano trio. This thing popped up so suddenly, and they really weren’t going to let me say no. You really saved me, Sherlock never would have forgiven me if I left him with a sub-par pianist.”
“If I get in anyway.”
He immediately thought about Sherlock. He thought about his dark brown curls and his long trench coat and that blue scarf he always wore. He also thought about how smart he was, and how annoying he could be because he knew he was cleverer than almost anyone he’d ever meet. However, John mostly thought about how Sherlock acted when it was only he and John. Sure he liked to spin his tales of the multiple amounts of experiments he has done or how many times he had outsmarted his brother who was supposedly even smarter than the mighty Sherlock Holmes.
John shrugged. “So? The man is probably exhausted, he deserves some rest.”
“My love, you must calm down. You’re going to do wonderfully at your audition. You just have to keep calm. Remember; think of what you were thinking of during the last few practice sessions. Think of how you feel playing with me. Think about getting completely absorbed into the instrument and the music.”
“What’s wrong with her wrist?” John asked once they were inside.
John rolled his eyes before situating himself on top of his boyfriend, straddling his thighs. “This is just your living room chair, you drama queen. Maybe you should have majored in theatrical performance instead of the violin.”
As soon as Sherlock had barely made it into his flat, his brother Mycroft was already on his case about his new friend.
"Shrrrloock?" John asked, his voice slurred. The drugs must have not completely worn off yet. Once Sherlock had gotten John untied, he helped John stand and let him hang on to him.
