For those who haven't read the Willis books with the time travel concept, Ishiwaka is a time travel expert who built the theories about the space-time continuum and how to keep it consistent with the technology. Dunworthy, Bahdri, Lassiter, and Finch are also Connie Willis characters.
I actually feel a little sorry for the flatmate. I suspect that John is capable of an epic arse-kicking.
But all he could see was the needle filled with the cloudy liquid, just a hair’s breadth from the delicate veins of Holmes’ arm, only a moment away from the liquid mixing in with his blood.
Sherlock tensed his muscles against the pull of the ship. He turned the controls slightly, and felt the ship respond.
“What was he talking about? Hm?” John said. John was in Sherlock’s face, his own red and veins throbbing. “What is he saying? Why did he take Maja?”
“I’ll want to speak with the staff,” Sherlock said, as they headed over to look at the tank. “John?”
Sherlock glanced once more at John, watching to see if he would go for a concealed gun with his now free hand. But he saw no movement, not even the twitch of a muscle preparing for quick movement.
“I’ll practice at the studio. If I go with a rope or something, then I can tie it to the fire escape and you can crawl over.”
Sherlock and Rosie survive the initial blast that hit London. Now they have to stay inside for five days to stay safe - not quite what Sherlock had anticipated when he had agreed to babysit.
He nodded in satisfaction, just as the stage manager knocked on the door, saying “Places for act three, Mr. Holmes.”
John was asleep, having a fitful dream about water and Sherlock falling into it, when he was awakened by a firm shake to his shoulder.
Sherlock’s mind was racing. His whole world perspective had been turned upside down. “John – could Pavlović know? Could that be why he placed me with you?”
Sherlock was grateful for his memory of London streets: he would imagine the map hovering ghostly over the wreck that was the neighbourhood today, and be able to find their way around. He tried to hide his increasing dismay over the dwindling supplies they could find. Fortunately one day they found a store that was nearly bare, but a sweep of Sherlock’s eyes around the store found the hidden door, which, after the lock was picked, revealed the storeroom filled with boxes of tinned food. That find kept them supplied for several days.
“Very common from a childhood like yours. It’s okay to want acknowledgement, especially from your friends. Perhaps he wants to acknowledge your work, but can’t because you won’t allow him access to your work.”
His eyes light up with understanding, and how does he do that? How does he understand me without my having to say anything coherent? He pulls me just a step further away from John and Sherlock, lowers his voice. “You see it too?”
John rolled himself on top of Sherlock, and felt Sherlock’s legs wrap around his waist. He pressed his lips against Sherlock’s throat, sucking and nibbling, just to feel the vibrations of his laughter.
Sherlock’s pride swelled into irritation. “What do you mean, I shouldn’t be here? I have business in the area.”
The next assignment from Mrs. Roshni was to attempt a portrait from life – someone that they knew. “Make sure to ask permission – aside from issues of consent, asking permission means that the person will stay still for you!” Mrs. Roshni said.
He had clearly pulled himself together since Sherlock had first arrived, his clothing immaculate as usual, not a hair out of place, his expression unruffled. The desperate man Sherlock had seen earlier was gone, but Sherlock realized that he would never forget it.
The music was unfamiliar to Sherlock, a kind of rock and bluegrass harmonic style, but there was a drive and anger behind the music that belied the major key.
He had a late supper at a pub, enjoying the rich taste of the food and the sharp tang of the ale. He hoped Mrs. Hudson would make Sherlock eat supper tonight; he tended not to eat when he was distracted from a case or upset. At the very least they could have a proper breakfast before heading out in the morning.
Jerome led them through a golden rotunda, clearly part of the original building, up a stone stairway which curled around a totem pole similar to others they had seen during their stay on the west coast. One gallery opening was blocked off by a barrier, with a large sign saying “This display is undergoing maintenance.” There was a guard next to the sign, which somewhat belied the message of the sign; the guard nodded at Jerome and allowed them to pass.
John turned in his arms, and they kissed, mindful of their stage makeup, but with no less passion for being careful.
“And you’re not paying your crew, are you?” John said, remembering the comment from the crew about delaying cashing their paycheques. “So where’s the money going?”
He stopped, frozen in horror at his own appearance. The makeup, so pristine on stage, had melted down his face, stripes of chalk white and lipstick like blood.
Sherlock gave the same confused but charming smile he had given the nurse. The man raised his eyebrows.
“It would seem that my services are no longer required, Mr. Garrideb,” Holmes said. “Though I am sorry for it; I had wished to spend some time perusing your collection. I am fond of antiquities, and find the pursuit of such intellectual interests fascinating. My friend Doctor Watson is similarly intrigued.”
Rosie stood on a chair, an apron wrapped twice around her, stirring at an enormous bowl. Her tongue was stuck out in concentration, a miniature version of her father's.
“And what happened to change that?” John said. He belatedly realized that Holmes had said, ‘our client’, and ‘my colleague’. If Holmes considered him to be a collaborator, then he should at least try to keep up his end of things.
“I had made another error, when I returned, and it created even more trouble for him. I want to ensure that doesn’t happen again.”
,” Sherlock replied. He reached up and ran his hand through his hair, and pulled out a tiny wire, indistinguishable from his curls. “Moriarty found the first device, as I knew he would; fortunately it didn’t occur to him I’d have a second device planted. So you got everything?”
The crowd made way for him, and he could hear people calling, “Sherlock! Sherlock!” He raised his chin and strutted like a peacock - he was known for his talents on the dance floor, and admiration was like a drug for him. He walked a circle around the floor, delineating his dance space. The band seamlessly restarted the music from the beginning; Sherlock saw the leader smirk, and he smirked back.
They crouched in the shadow created by a large wardrobe, which would keep them hidden but still able to view the room. Holmes put a long finger to his lips, and John saw that the light in his eyes was still bright, though now it was not due to the entrancement of a pirate’s sword, but because of the mystery on the brink of being solved.
John sat back in his chair and closed his eyes. He remembered playing rugby, and being a Boy Scout for one completely disastrous year.
John woke in the middle of the night, sweating and gasping. When he had slowed his racing heart, he turned on the light, knowing that there would be no more sleep for him tonight.
Sherlock smiled at the door, then picked up his wrap and pulled it on again. Walking as quickly and quietly as he could in his ballet slippers, he made his way to the backstage. He took up a position next to Stephanie, her headset already on. She nodded briefly at him, then returned her attention to the prompt book.
Fortunately, he was not. The guards paid no more attention to them than usual as they were escorted up the elevator and into the flat. As the doors of the flat closed behind them, John let out a huge sigh, and Sherlock wondered if John had been worried about the same thing.
“Tell me, John – is it true that men would lie down with men, as a man might do with a woman? On a bed perhaps?”
“She said that – that my portraits were better if I knew the person. If I -” John swallowed back Mrs. Roshni’s exact words, “-if I knew them. Well.”
He was only a step away from the open gate now, and Mrs. Hudson’s arms were reaching out to him. He looked back briefly, and saw Pavlović with his fake smile, and Maja with a stony expression. Sherlock paused for a split second, knew instantly what he had to do.
“An unusual name,” John said, throwing the paper back at Holmes. “Mr. John Garridebs has his work cut out for him.”
John knew that on the television show, the recipes for the technical bake would be pared down to the basics, forcing the contestants to rely upon their baking knowledge to fill in the blanks. Mrs Hudson seemed to have taken pity on them, as the recipe seemed to be more or less complete. This would mean, John reasoned, that their two cakes would be similar in taste; therefore, the difference would have to be in the decoration. He started thinking ahead about how to make his cake unique.
Mycroft had quickly recovered and schooled his face into his usual placidity. “How quaint. That said, however, I still insist you consider your reputation. If word gets around that your standards are lowering-”
It did not take a deductive genius, therefore, to understand that the man on his knees—which Sherlock was not to ask about—thought it was Sherlock who looked very nice.
Then the blonde boy did it again. He tugged the bloom off a flower stem and chucked the flower into the placid Regent's park pond.
Sees the woman's heavy makeup as the mask it is, hiding boredom, anger, pity. Sees that the man's a whole strange mess of things: Tired, eager, resigned, worried, in pain. Sees his mended coat, flaking polish on decade-old shoes, hair in want of trimming. He can't afford what she's about to do.
For example, he liked moving the rock border in grandmum's garden so that it was straight again. Grandmum had a tendency to kick the rocks a bit when she watered the hydrangeas and the roses, so John would follow behind her setting the rocks right.
Sherlock wriggled up John's belly and latched on to a nipple with his mouth and—here was where instinct started—Sherlock didn't suck, he
John Watson bends over the glass-topped counter, gazes at the display of gleaming pipes. The sales clerk lingers a polite while, then just a little longer. Finally she turns toward a less nostalgic, more well-heeled customer.
They had made a promise to each other. Years and years ago. But John Watson and Sherlock Holmes? They keep their promises.
When Sherlock had stopped courting bees on a hawthorn shrub—that's what he called his efforts to coax the insects close, "I'm courting them My!"—and walked toward the little bridge, Mycroft had looked up from his book.
it'll muddle my perception instead of sharpening it, no matter what it feels like in the moment. I'll simply have to look again. I
Sherlock knew they knew he was sad, and he also knew you help sad people, that's what daddy says. And it wasn't like he didn't look up hopefully every time someone sat down near him, because he did, but no one said
John sits down. "So. Greg Lestrade thinks you're some kind of cranky wunderkind. I think you're lonely. Who's right?"
Baker Street. The other two of which I'm aware are around the corner on Marylebone Road (mar-lee-bone). Actually this is a two-for-one photo as the Boots Pharmacy beside the station is also their closest big pharmacy.
John quarter turns crisply, nods at nothing, is about to walk away when Sherlock stands, still talking to his coffee. "Skinny vanilla latte extra hot, almond biscotti on the side."
"—watch out for ghosts? Ha, yeah thanks Mrs H. No no, I'll get the door, it's snowing and we don't want you getting the sniffles again. Back late!"
"As if a rat tail stopper or icicle butterfly knot was any more likely!" Sherlock's voice was shrill and there were at least seven good reasons for that. Their names had been Arem, Sarah, and Essar when he was eight and nine and ten, their names had been Matthew, Edward, Ruth and Aisling when he was fifteen and sixteen and seventeen. There had been others, always others to mock Sherlock if he didn't know something, to mock him even more when he did, until Mr Holmes learnt the lesson they never meant to teach—if you don't know a thing make shit up, back it up bombastically, and if you're caught out
because they are poison too but we still eat them and do you come here a lot I was sick and now I'm getting better and mummy wanted me to have some sunshine it makes me tired do you get tired in the sun what if we ran all the way over there and back again do you like running?"
it again, warm lips to an ear hidden beneath a sweat-damp mess of curls, "Hush, it's all right, shhhh."
"—despite all of that, I realise that until nine minutes ago we had not stood within five feet of one another and, most importantly, have not been properly introduced. And no, you telling me that your name is Herlock does not quite count."
John Watson looked Maiko Mayfair right in the eyes but did not see her. Instead he saw what he sees ever since being invalided home: A potential obstacle, something to push past.
Can you know the moment your life changes? Can you? Because right then Sherlock knew, he absolutely knew.
He puts the soup on the table and stares at it because he's trying to remember something he's forgotten. He—
What they remember is different each time but not what happens after. Or maybe what happens after is really the same thing expressed in different ways.
In fact Holmes is literally under him at this moment as John leans over, waiting for another word, grunt, or vague gesture.
That's when Mike noticed the tops of a curly-haired head and one of blonde behind the built-in barbecue. After another moan Mike tip-toed back to the house, giggling.
and shows you 1) how big the park is 2) where Baker Street is in relation to it (the red circle at the lower left, not the 'you are here' orange blob at the lower right), and 3) it shows you Primrose Hill, a spot I think important if you want to write a romantic or moody moment as Primrose Hill is—surprise—one of London's few hills. From it you can see the London Eye, the BT Tower, and St. Paul's. They are all of them gorgeous at night and Primrose Hill park never closes, unlike Regent's Park, whose gates are locked at dusk (I have hurried through the park many nights, sure I was going to get locked in and slightly-somewhat-a-lot-pleased by the thought). Anyway...
On bad days you'll find he's his own arch-enemy (some people do have them), inclined to vicious invective when he misreads a social cue, overlooks the obvious, or words fail.
"If you come back tomorrow I'll tell you why!" said Sherlock breathless. John nodded yes with a grin, and ran off.
That didn't stop him from looking at his kind of closely, his nose all bunched up and his lips drawn back in a toothy grimace. As much as he hated gooey things and dead things and things that were messy, somehow Sherlock always
It's pretty feeble as parks go, being right next to busy-busy Victoria Street, but sometimes you crave some greenery and wildlife, even if that pigeon wildlife sometimes looks as tired of the bustle as you do.
The third and fourth kisses were odd in opposite directions. One was strangely dry, as if the kisser was dehumidifying him as they smooched, while the second was sloppy-wet and poorly aimed. He correctly guessed both were women.
Sherlock looks him over carefully. Fights the urge to step away. He feels sure they're not generally this…large. Or maybe they are. Frankly he hasn't ever been this close to one, or if he has he didn't really look. They've never had any relation to The Work, so why would he?
John nodded to a few of Scotland Yard's finest—the train conductor, the cat, the Boris Johnson—went to his knees beside the mostly-naked corpse…and that's when it started.
John hates Remembrance Day. He's aware that as ex-military this is much like the pope confessing a distaste for Christianity, but you put army soldier
"Um, I'm Dr. Watson and I'm stupidly sorry about this," the small man begins. "I know these interruptions are a bit not good but…uh, as we may have explained poorly, all our donation suites, except this one, are being repainted."
Propped on the left is a bone. The Thames used to be much wider than it is today, I’ve been told, and in reclaiming land from the river, rubbish was long ago dumped along the shore. Much of that rubbish was slaughterhouse bones, as well as broken bits of pottery and pipe. I went on an archeologist-led walk along the southern Thames shore a few years back and one of our party found an eight hundred year old clay shard from a jug. The shard had a face carved into it and the archeologist went breathless.
There was no other way to describe Sherlock’s tone but accusatory. John had no idea why this was so important and disturbing to Sherlock, but he had learned long ago that honesty was the way to go. “They weren’t as good. My teacher agreed. I couldn’t – There was something missing.”
Time stopped. Then John pulled on Sherlock’s wrist, and Sherlock’s arm went around John’s back, and each pulled the other closer and met in the middle. The kiss started with desperation, then moved to intensely sensual, almost sloppy, then turned sweet and aching with the words that they hadn’t been able to say for years.
“There’s been a murder,” Sherlock said, as Lestrade came back into the lounge, tucking his phone away.
Distractions and Interruptions – Deceit for a Good Cause – a Desperate Attempt – Instinctive Action - Motivation
“Yes.” Sherlock had memorized the map to the embassy, but it would be helpful to have someone who knew the city well in case of a problem. “We should take the back streets, the quiet streets – they’re looking for us now.”
Maja’s gun dug a little harder into Sherlock’s side, and he grunted in pain, stumbling a bit. “I don’t care about sympathy. I’ve been on this job for far too long, and you are the only thing keeping me from finishing it.”
They ran until they rounded the corner and were out of sight of the building, then Sherlock forced them to slow to a quick walk.
“He didn’t say,” John said. “I’d like to examine you, if that’s all right, after breakfast. Make sure you’re all right.”
His heart had swelled up at the sight of his home. He’d really only been away six weeks but it felt like years and years. He kissed Mrs. Hudson on the cheek to keep himself from dancing on the street.
“It’s too bad, really. You probably could have come in. He was absolutely calm, quite peaceful. You know, I think next time you could probably bring your violin and play for him again. He does love that.”
down the streets of Belgrade. He wanted to go into the studio and pull John into his arms, twirl him around, kiss him.
odd to both is an unrecognised laugh and then the speed at which a shadow becomes a stranger with a grudge and a knife. Between the two Holmeses the assassination attempt is over before it begins.
"Wow. John taught himself forty different kinds of knots and hitches. And we don't even have a boat."
He was clearly totally behind whatever Sherlock was doing, which happens to Sherlock absolutely never.
John pretend-complains about come pooling into the shells of his ears but Sherlock straddles him then squirms a hot tongue first in one ear, then the other, licking the come out while he rocks back and forth on John's cock.
Sherlock's shaky with it, with the need, and it makes him loose-limbed, his muscles already going post-coital soft as he pants at each begged-for push. John's a little bit amazed how much he feels with the head of his cock, how he feels it slicking against the tight-wrinkled skin of Sherlock's balls, how with it he can feel Sherlock jerking himself.
And very, very rarely, a man with a brolly sits beneath one of the park's trees. Lestrade always looks for him but he's hardly ever there. Instead, sometimes he's…
Sherlock winks. John smiles. They leave the airport together. They talk on the tube all the way into the city.
know where stories come from? Well, I think I do: Rather one thing I think I know is a certainty and the other a supposition.
Carelessly staring down at the short man squinting up, Sherlock leaned in close and immediately started doing his Sherlock
for a reason—and helped John get a library card. Then together the little boys borrowed ten books on knot making. Within four weeks of knowing each other both family homes contained dozens of decorative ropeworks, including monkey fists, ocean plaits, and sailor's knots. Within six Sherlock knew how to climb trees. Before twelve weeks was out John had learned to read. And for the next sixteen months the little boys were inseparable.
Behind Montague Street are many places of higher learning where Sherlock might have either studied, borrowed lab time, or discussed clues with suitable college professors.
John Watson had walked all the way across the park in order to pose this question to this intriguing stranger, because John Watson kind of has a thing for covert ops and boy did the kid hiding behind the tree look like he was doing something cool and covert.
Again he's amazed at the size, and again Sherlock murmurs something complimentary and the blond-haired man grins wider, and says, "Would you like a ride?"
They are both pink cheeked as Sherlock moans his relief, and at this point John is beginning to have suspicions. John is hoping his suspicions are correct.
"Misery loves company," John said softly, "not because we wish one another ill, but because being sad is a lonely business."
This bank is at the corner of Baker Street and Marylebone Road and about a 60 second walk from 221B. If you're lookin' for the closest bank to the boys, this is it, and it's on their side of the road as well. Right across from it is HSBC but since I don't much care for HSBC I didn't to photograph it. Besides, it's on the other side of Baker Street from their flat. Sherlock does not cross the street unnecessarily.
Sherlock Holmes made a complicated sound of drunken disagreement and squirmed harder. This had the effect of more tightly binding his body to the body of the stranger behind him.
For a moment it seemed that Sherlock was opening his mouth wider in preparation to say something but no, he was just opening his mouth wider so he could pant a little easier.
Sherlock didn't realize he'd spoken. Apparently at length. Which was now par for the course it seemed, because he also hadn't realized until three minutes ago that he blinks wide-eyed when he can't see well. This stranger's body might be going toward decrepitude but Sherlock's was clearly on a trip to self-rule. This was made even more obvious by the fact that, though he wished to right this minute say something rude in reply to the stranger with the nice teeth and the big blue eyes, Sherlock said nothing.
That bit is not really this story's important bit, though. The important bit had nothing to do with a lesson in the results of over-consuming dried Turkish apricots, revenge farts, or anything gross.
For the splitest of instances, Sherlock pauses. The woman next in the queue looks around to see if anyone heard that. Surreptitiously she begins filming with her phone.
DangerMouse's false smile is long since gone. "Good god, it's true what they say. You really are a dic—"
Sherlock took the frames off, let them clatter to a tiny table behind him, stepped away from them as if they'd put their hand on his bottom. He was in such trouble.
By the end of every lesson Altamont was peering round the nearest corner, holding a bottle of paracetamol. He always shared.
Finally John gets his call through. He spends most of it barking out facts into his phone, then pausing to hum sweet things into a stranger's ear. The dispatcher's replies never stray to
Sherlock smugly concludes that he enthusiastically gave it to the good doctor—and his name, too—soon after.
Sometimes grey weather gets down into John’s bones and he feels a weird sort of fatalistic. Words won’t work in that instance, so Sherlock takes his love to the best view he knows nearby—Primrose Hill Park—and looking out over things, well for some reason it sets John right.
John shook his head, standing up from his chair and moving toward the staircase that led to his bedroom. “It’s not Molly, Sherlock.”
His back was covered in slashes and cuts and burns. Some of them looked very, very recent while others seemed several years old. His back still had stitches and bruising was especially concentrated on his sides. It looked as though cigarettes were put out consistently on the back of his shoulders and low neck.
Sherlock huffed again, not caring that he was pouting. His flatmate, Not Gay™ John Watson, and more or less love of his life (not that he had to know that), just out of reach. Maybe John would be able to answer his question. “Do I seem straight to you, John?”
Sherlock made sure to look thoughtful before he answered. “Just making sure you were smarter than the average person.”
Instead, all Sherlock got was a very affectionate look; soft around the eyes and mouth, eyes dilated, and quickened breath.
“Are you actually going to eat tonight or are you going to use the food for some sort of experiment?”
John grimaced when he saw Sherlock’s chest and he looked up to see if Sherlock had caught his expression. His eyes were closed.
They must look a site, Sherlock thinks. Him, on his knees and gripping the armchairs so hard that his hands were starting to cramp. John, with one hand on the back of Sherlock’s neck and fingers in his hair, the other hand now on top one of Sherlock’s.
“Yes,” John said, breathless, and Sherlock curled his hand under John’s jaw as bent his head and brushed against John’s lips.
The sound of a violin answered Sherlock’s question as to what woke him up. He silently walked out of John’s room and sat on the bottom step, just listening to John playing. He had gotten to be a pretty decent player in only three years, Sherlock thought.
“Yes, Sherlock. It’s fine, it’s good. It’s perfect, actually,” Sherlock watched a ghost of a smile appear on John’s face as he whispered and broke into a smile of his own before pressing his lips completely against John’s.
“It doesn’t really matter, does it? How long did they torture you, Sherlock? What have you been doing for three years? Where have you been? Can you answer any of that?” John swallowed. “Why didn’t you take me with you?”
Sherlock waited with bated breath, sure that John would be disgusted with Sherlock’s admission, state that he was Not Gay™, or even that he loved Sherlock, ‘just not like that’.
“Well, you know me better than any other person that is currently alive, and I figured you would know the answer. So, do I seem straight to you?”
Sherlock didn’t respond, instead, he did as John had instructed him to. “You’re okay with this, right Sherlock? I don’t want to make anything worse.”
It was now after food and John was getting ready to announce that he was going to get ready to go to bed. So, sitting across from John in front of the fireplace, when both men are in a pleasant mood, Sherlock decides that the Topic™ from this morning would make a great conversational piece.
And now Sherlock’s face is angled upward, John’s angled downward, and both are trying to push closer to the other. Sherlock, whose knees are finally bothering him, rises up slowly without breaking the most fabulous kiss in life and is able to fit them both in John’s chair.
John shut his eyes as a new wave of tears spilt over, readying himself for a sure rejection. He felt his heart stop and stomach contract as Sherlock moved his hands, in what John thought was an attempt to distance himself. He let go of his wrists and was shocked when his face was cradled in two large hands, thumbs brushing his cheeks.
No, he knew that it was not going to be easy, but since when has anything between them been easy? Easy was boring anyway, he reasoned. That’s why he had John.
Sherlock tilted his head, considering what he had just been told. “What makes you say that? Of course I would see genuine interest. It wouldn’t have to crack my skull for me to notice. I’m Sherlock Holmes, I would notice.” Sherlock said the last bit more to himself, trying to reassure himself that he would, in fact, notice if someone displayed genuine interest in him. He had noticed Molly, hadn’t he? Is John referring to a certain person? If he was, then it’s more than likely that he had deduced said person’s feeling incorrectly.
“Yes, Sherlock, the man is in fact, Ass Over Tits™ in love with you. Now whatever you’ve done, fix it.”
“I know for a fact that they are hopelessly in love with you, you great big tit.” And now Sad John™ was giving him Sad John Smiles™ and those were the worst.
“Because, Sherlock, I do actually care! Did you understand nothing of the music that I wrote!? I’m your friend, Sherlock! And I like to think, even after these horrible years, that I still am! I may be right pissed but that doesn’t mean that your emotional and physical state aren’t of any concern to me.” John’s voice took a steel edge to it. “After what I’ve gone through, it’s in your best interests to not accuse me of not caring about you.”
The slashes and cuts overlapped, wounds that had healed uncleaned, and several slashes looked like they had been opened up recently. The freshest one looked barely a week old.
“I see a bloke with product in his hair and a too-tight shirt that wouldn’t know genuine interest if it cracked him outside the head. Multiple times.”
Sherlock visibly swallowed and started unbuttoning his shirt. He didn’t meet John’s eyes and his hands shook. John stepped forward and clasped Sherlock’s hands in his. “I just want to make sure you’re okay. If you can look me in the eye and tell me that you aren’t in pain, I’ll let it drop. If you can tell me that yes, you are hurt, but it’s been taken care of, then I’ll let you be. Now, are you hurt?”
Sherlock sulked up the stairs and up to his flat and hung his coat on a hanger before draping himself over the couch, sparing John a quick glance. He had cleaned today, or at least tried to. Now, enjoy a nice cup of tea and checking up on the newspaper. Dull.
His eyes flew open, a startled gasp coming from between his lips, unaware how much time had passed since John left the flat. “
“Why did they torture you, Sherlock? What could you have possibly gained from letting all these people capture you and hurt you?”
“There’s nothing for you to apologise for, John. I made my own decisions. I should be the one apologising.”
“You were talking about yourself this morning, weren’t you? You’re the one who’s hopelessly in love with me.”
“My mad, madman.” John’s voice was barely above a whisper, gentle. “I suppose it’s a bit not good to love every single thing that you just said, and agree with it. I am so in love with you that
, Sherlock?” John sputtered some more and his voice sounded rough after all that coughing. It was his fault that he literally inhaled his tea; Sherlock didn’t know why he would blame him for it.
John closed both hands around Sherlock’s wrists and both men had found themselves drawn closer together, and neither of them cared that their cheeks were wet and that their voices shook. “And if I wake up and find out these past couple of days have all been a dream I won’t survive.” John bowed his head.
If anyone knows Serb enough to correct my grammar (thank you, Google Translate), please let me know. Thanks to @shamelessmash for her help with the French.
As Holmes put on his coat, John wondered if he could find a way to dispose of the needle, but he had won this small victory and decided to leave it for now.
John thought about newspaper accounts of the time, how sensational and tawdry they could be. Reports of cases of homosexual behaviour was generally done in a sniggering, mocking tone, making what was already a difficult situation worse in the eyes of the public.
Maja smiled, coldly, and a rill of fear ran down Sherlock’s spine. “Well, then, whatever shall I do? Let’s see. The only people you’ve seen since you arrived are the staff at the hospital – they all checked out. Pavlović, me, John. The guards – obviously not, they’re completely loyal. The only other person you’ve seen is that ice-bitch at the National Theatre. So it’s her, yes?”
Unfortunately the café is busy at 10:01am, and I don’t see the text until much later. Like three hours later. I deliberately left the phone in the cash register, so I wouldn’t check it obsessively. I have standards. I don’t get a chance to look at it until after the lunch rush.
“Possibly.” John heaved a large sigh, one that rivaled Sherlock’s worst during a sulk, and almost folds in on himself. “If you want me to leave, that’s fine, I understand. I won’t push, couldn’t hope, for more than just friends. That is, if you still want that. If you don’t that’s also fine, I understand. Give me ten minutes and I’ll be gone.”
Sherlock’s eyes flicked toward John’s before dropping with his hands. He gave a sharp nod and took a deep breath before settling his chin on his chest.
“I have no idea who could be interested in me, being someone that we both know. I think you must have judged them incorrectly, John. Tell me their name so I can disprove you of this silly notion.”
The piece sounded sad, miserable, with a light undertone to it. As it steadily grew lighter, happier, Sherlock stood up and walked into the living room. John was facing the fireplace and his eyes were closed. Sherlock watched his change in expressions in the mirror as more and more was added to the piece. He was watched as John’s fingers flew across the strings with the bow and he felt heavy. He felt incomplete.
Sherlock stood up and opened the door and grabbed the bags of food from John before striding into the kitchen. It wasn't in too bad of a state, if Sherlock said so himself. Not like he had anything to do with it. It was probably John who had cleaned up.
“Is it Lestrade?” That wouldn’t do, he was supposed to be in love with Mycroft. It made Sherlock shudder to give that idea much more thought.
Sherlock bolted up from the bed, fighting with sheets, before remembering where he was. His eyes swept the room for confirmation that this was, in fact, John’s room. They must’ve fallen asleep while holding each other… last night, a quick look at a clock showed. The space that John had occupied was still a little warm, so it couldn’t have been too long ago that he had left the room.
When they finally break apart, the need to breathe overcoming the want to kiss, the energy that had previously only been associated with thrill of the chase, thrums through both of them as they pant.
Sherlock waited while John blinked, his own eyebrows drawn together in confusion. Why he was confused, Sherlock didn’t have the faintest idea. It was all pretty
This seemed to make John sad, and a Sad John was not a John that Sherlock liked. He did not like a Sad John™ because a Sad John™ did not smile and Sherlock liked John Smiles™. They made him feel better.
The newspaper lowered now, tea stains and all. John hadn’t even bothered to grab a new jumper. That had to show how used he was to the odd experiment here and there.
As John’s playing slowed, became sadder, empty, Sherlock moved in front of John and waited until the last stroke of the bow faded out before saying anything.
“It was to save you, John. I told you. It was all for you. Every lash, burn, cut. Every broken rib and blackened eye. I did it so I could find the man who was supposed to put a bullet through your heart and put one through his. I am worth nothing, without you, John Watson. There is nothing that wouldn’t do, that I didn’t do, to save you. To protect you.”
John reared back in surprise, at the question and at Sherlock’s proximity; why did this suddenly feel like an interrogation? “What woman?”
John sat down heavily in his chair. How could he not have seen this? Images flashed through his mind: an abandoned cane, the lucky cat, a plate of food for John during a case, mobile phones, champagne toasts, a bottle of Claire du Lune, the very presence of his chair.
John nudged him, silently letting him know he was only taking the mickey. “Fair enough, it’s a good song. I kind of prefer Big Time Sensuality, though.”
He wasn’t sure what he had expected to see, but it wasn’t a homely kitchen table, several mismatched chairs, a concave sofa in the corner, and worn rugs scattered over the floor. A doorway just beyond the table revealed the corner of a cooker - obviously a kitchen. Setting the table was a woman: petite, with straight blonde hair and large eyes. She startled slightly when Sherlock entered and stared at him.
Sherlock laid his hand over Rosie’s back, tentatively, as though she might throw it away or bite it. Instead, she instantly rolled over and into his body, crying into his shirt. He had never hugged her for comfort before, but now he wrapped his arms around her and held her shaking body tight. He wondered if she could feel his own body shaking as well.
“Ah, but he has already been successful, in part,” Holmes said. He waved a piece of paper at John. “Our client, a Mr. Nathan Garridebs, here in London, has already been in contact with him, and with me. The trick is to find a third of their kind – that is our challenge, Watson.”
Sherlock threw his bag into the corner and stripped off his jacket. “The powers that be at the National Theatre wanted to have a word about the performance. Apparently contemporary is not in their vocabulary, and I was warned against breaking their tiny brains against anything except classical musical and classical dance.”
Sherlock backed John into the room, with John scuttling backwards, towards the window. “I can’t wait for the day when you’re out of my sight for good.”
John pulled Sherlock up and kissed him, his hand sliding down Sherlock’s flank. “Well, that’s kindly of you. And of course I’d be happy to learn each of those ways and try them on you.”
. Until you inevitably destroy your knees or your hips, then I suppose the salt mines.” She turned to look at him, her eyes wide and sad. “I can’t let that happen to you.”
“It’s all right,” Sherlock says. He has that little secret smile that I adore. “He ‘dropped’ his wallet in the loo earlier. It’s covered.”
A group entered the cathedral, hooting with victory and carrying multiple boxes and bags of food. “Well, there’s Eileen, there’s a mercy,” Millie said.
“Damned if I know,” Bahdri said. He rubbed at his eyes. “I was prepping for Nicholas to go through to the Falkland Islands, and Lassiter came in and shut us down. He wouldn’t let me run any rendez-vous either, just brought in his own tech from Magdalene.”
John’s heart knotted with anxiety all over again. The doctor in him wanted to cure, instantly, to help Sherlock rise up immediately and be freed from whatever pain was troubling him.
, John thought, just as Holmes said loudly, “Come out, Mr. Garrideb – or should I say ‘Killer’ Evans.”
John approached Sherlock, and without saying a word, gave into his urge to kiss him. Sherlock returned the kiss happily, with the tension from before leaked away. “You’re a genius,” John muttered against his mouth.
John’s face was pale, and shocked. He shook his head slowly, as though dazed, his eyes never leaving Sherlock’s.
They arrived at Lestrade’s office door, and Sherlock searched his pockets for his lock picking kit. John looked at the name plate.
John never thought he’d be glad to see Mycroft’s silhouette, but there he was, outlined by the weak morning sunlight coming down the hospital corridor.
Sherlock gasped, and John caught the sound with his mouth. “Shh,” he whispered in Sherlock’s ear, then sucked on his earlobe. Sherlock forced his own hand to move through the onslaught of sensation, down John’s wet and slippery side, down to John’s cock which was pressing hard into Sherlock’s thigh.
John, using a wet finger, smoothed the pointed tops of the dollops of choux dough, now in regimented lines on a baking sheet, each precisely the same distance apart from the next. As he finished, Sherlock would slide the sheet into the oven; as they came out of the oven they were allowed to cool slightly, then John injected them with the sweet cream from the refrigerator. Soon there was a rotating system of dough to finished product, and a pile of profiteroles on a cooling rack.
Sherlock let out a long breath, feeling a little dizzy and sick. He became aware that Mrs. Hudson had entered quietly.
“Yeah,” John said, and his voice was steady, even though Sherlock could feel every one of his muscles quivering with restraint. His hand shook as he stroked Sherlock’s thighs, soothing but eager.
Sherlock now unfortunately had no trouble imagining the playground where she had spent so many happy hours, what it likely looked like now, and imagining Rosie’s response to seeing such damage. So far he had been doing well with maintaining her spirits; he didn’t want to upset her now. He was just grateful that she hadn’t insisted on going home – John’s flat – again.
“Unfortunately, we can’t prove it - yet,” said Dunworthy. “And it will take some serious evidence for Lassiter to believe me over his own tech. And…” Dunworthy’s eyes went a bit soft as he looked at John. “Bahdri told me about you, and we - we decided that you couldn’t wait.”
He finished, and lay back on the bed. “And then I fell, and I don’t remember anything else until I woke here,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock squinted down the little road, and saw the glow of Vlajkovićeva street to their right, saw the National Museum. “There, that way. Don’t worry, I trust them.”
Greg gave Hopkins a bit more of his attention. It wasn’t like her to complain about a superior. But Riggs was new, just transferred to NSY from Manchester, and Greg didn’t really know him yet. “What’s up?”
Brigit directed another smile at John as she and Mrs. Perry turned and left the room. John heard the women whispering at each other, Mrs. Perry’s voice more of a hiss and Brigit’s a giggle. Belatedly he realized that Brigit had been flirting with him.
“You’ve had a busy day, haven’t you, Watson? Not to worry, your daddy and I will keep watch for you.”
Sherlock thought quickly. “I can give you five hundred now, and I’ll talk it over with Wiggins, make sure you get the balance. All right?” He pulled out his billfold, flashing credits at them.
“After James was shot, after I got winged, I told you I had to go to ground for a while. For about six months I didn’t speak to anyone. Not one person. That does strange things to your head, after a while. And I was cut off from all my contacts, they all thought I was dead. I was too deep undercover to wave my hand and say, ‘Hey everyone, I’m here, I’m alive.’ If I tried to leave, there would be at least three countries that would be more than happy to arrest me. I was completely, totally alone.
“There’s no shade differences between them? One set appears purple when wearing certain glasses, perhaps?”
He slid down the tile wall back into the shower area, the impact of his fall echoing up through his legs. With that impact came waves of anger, disappointment, frustration, helplessness. He was trapped, surrounded at every turn. Pavlović, damn him, had constructed his trap well. Sherlock couldn’t rely upon the usual idiocy that generally surrounded him – he had to admit to his jailer’s cleverness.
He raised his chin a little, determined and yet hoping that Sherlock wouldn’t ask why he wanted this. “Yes.”
As the elevator doors opened on the flat, they saw Maja pleading with Pavlović in the middle of the sitting room.
Sherlock sighed. “There’s no baby, John. There never was. She admitted as part of her confession that she had taken a drug during the time she was away to simulate pregnancy – make her breasts swell and so forth. She wanted… more leverage against you, wanted another reason for you to trust her.”
“Oh. No. No, Sherlock. I’m sorry, there’s so much…” John’s voice went harder, more determined. “We’re still getting out. From here.”
Tjinn let her hair fall back. “I’m at the Academy. I came directly here after they released me from the hospital. There wasn’t anyplace else I wanted to be. My life in Persephone City is over.” She hesitated, and she bit her lip. “Sherlock – there’s something else.”
Mycroft snapped at the general, who stepped forward and removed John’s blindfold. John blinked in the bright sun, clearly disoriented and confused. Mycroft subtly turned to Sherlock’s window and raised an eyebrow; Sherlock nodded, quick and eager.
John sighed. Gambling – the age old problem, the age old motivator. “Better call the police now, Jerome.”
John strode right up into his personal space, and pushed him against the wall, leaning into his face.
“I – yes – I – how the-” John stopped himself, remembering appropriate language for this era. “How in heaven’s name did you know the message was from Scotland Yard?”
The tells on Lestrade’s face and in the tense lines of his body were obvious: this was a big case, and Lestrade was getting pressure from above to solve it, and solve it fast.
John blinked, then pulled Sherlock down for a bruising kiss. Arousal flared up in Sherlock’s whole body, and he returned the kiss with passion and desperation. They grappled in the middle of the sitting room floor for a moment, grasping at each other’s clothes in an effort to get even closer.
Sherlock, on the other hand, had gone for a more rustic approach, mixing the dry ingredients in a pile on the tabletop itself, then mixing in the yeast by hand. Eventually he too was kneading the bread, the table shuddering slightly with their combined efforts.
John’s voice rose over the last few words, and when his voice broke, Sherlock’s paralysis broke as well. Without being aware of moving, he was suddenly in front of John, grabbing hard at his arms.
He came down to the sitting room to find that Sherlock had turned off the lights but for the fairy lights over the mantle, and the lamp, dim by the sofa. He was sitting in his chair, a glass of whisky in hand, and John could see a glass already poured for him. "Ta," he said with a huge sigh as he collapsed into the chair.
Sherlock smiled to himself. Flynn had never visited a Companion before, and clearly thought that the encounter would be sex with no preamble. That kind of encounter was graceless, with no art. He would show her the art of a Companion, and why he was the best Companion on Persephone.
“Help Eileen? Serve food? Care for the children? I’ll care for Rosie, but no one else, you know it would be a disaster.”
John looked around the room at the policemen, realizing that his own confusion was reflected in their faces. Holmes hadn’t said anything about a trip, about packing. He made a move towards the hallway, thinking that he should also throw a few items into a case, but Holmes caught his eye and gave a barely perceptible shake of the head. There was a smile there too, but so small that John wondered if it had really been there at all.
We go back to my flat, not far from the café, just a walk, not worth taking the bus. The conversation, for a miracle, hasn’t gone quiet now that we know the outcome of the evening. His fingertips are on the small of my back as I unlock the door.
For some reason John checked that other guy again but he was still texting, so clearly this curly-headed stranger was addressing
surgical doctor on your CV and see how fond you are of dwelling on the too-many lives lost during your watch.
John started to say something, but the tall man handed him a box, flicked out coat tails, and settled on a bench, imperious. John went to his knees in front of him, as if this were the most natural thing in the world.
But it's a hospital cafeteria, not some seedy pub, so the only time Sherlock's heard the man raise his voice was to say something nice.
Sherlock Holmes was plastered to his eyeballs—if he'd tried to do any of this flirting thing sober he'd have been dead from a panic attack or frustration—so right now he was happily hammered and metaphorically frolicking naked through a field, not one single inhibited bone in his body.
One more whisper, only this one was kind of spooky, maybe a little bit evil. "You want to know a thing you can do to get back at him? I did it to my sister once and she hasn't come into my room for a
Right across from the University of London is the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA), where Mr. Tom Hiddleston studied, and while Sherlock might pop in there for the occasional coffee at their cafe, he could also feasibly see some of the plays they put on as well.
John went to fetch coffees and dither over cakes. In the end he returned with a slice to share and in time to see a vaguely familiar dark-haired bloke drop a twenty pound note in front of Mike and, without breaking stride call back, "And yes that one's clean of pus and fecal matter."
It's not until the next Remembrance Day when, hand-in-hand, he and John return with two poppy wreaths, that Sherlock stands at a brave woman's grave and finally says softly, but quite clear, "Thank you, my friend."
Panicking right back, John looked at the pond, the ducks, and at the heads of nine red carnations bobbing in the water. He glanced at the ruined bouquet at his feet and wasn't sure how most of the flowers had ended up in the water but he said, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry," anyhow.
Jaw unhinged, the good doctor Watson turned and watched the pretty, maybe-prostitute sidle up to an elegant, bearded man in a perfectly-tailored suit. They talked briefly and then, his hand pressed to the small of Sherlock's back, they walked together out the door.
It was years before John realised that grandad Ideal would come seek him out on those childish, ill-tempered days. Then he'd light his pipe, John would cuddle close, and surrounded by the smoky-sweet scent of cherries, together they'd grow calm.
Sherlock smiled. And, even though John had just met the man, the good doctor was absolutely certain that the smile was real and that it was rare. Suddenly John felt sorry for the awkward idiot.
Deducing all these things, Sherlock nevertheless sipped his lukewarm coffee and waited for follow-up questions. In front of him and to his right an expensive machine busily dripped rich espresso into a porcelain mug and a short man drummed his fingers on a cafe countertop.
John had heard about this Holmes guy, a poncy git if the stories were true, a mouthy man who'd second-guess every diagnosis, argue the placement of a plaster. The thing is, when John asked why the man was in hospital so often his idiot colleagues couldn't tell him.
I think that's the much more fun way to find your story ideas because you yourself are complicit. So, to help give you a bit of a prompt, some knowledge, I offer you these rather amusing street names, the vast majority of which I found in east central London (EC), with one in south east (SE) London.
"All of them, they look for clues where there are none, and so look right past the clues already there. No wonder they can't catch criminals.
It was at this point that John narrowed his eyes, belatedly realising the painfully obvious: this well-dressed man was not the sex store clerk for which he took him. John muttered, "Damn."
thank you very much, so he didn't respond to this, his sister's eighth attempt today to get him to admit he may, just may, probably does, definitely absolutely sometimes does notice
And "ding-dong" went the downstairs doorbell just in time for John to push Sherlock off his chest, grab the case file, and head out the bedroom door.
Sherlock started picking excitedly at the skull-and-crossbones plasters laddered up his shin. He leaned close, whispered, "Tell me."
That final lesson Sherlock observed that when he told John about his war service, his sister, his wound…that John welcomed the knowledge, that it somehow made him more, not less, and so Sherlock was more. For the first time and in someone else's eyes, Sherlock was
"That's mucus," the little boy said, sitting down. The boy didn't seem to care that he sat on the grass more or less where Sherlock had been rubbing his mucus.
This was too much for John. He sat down heavy under the exceptional burden of this knowledge. And, just like that, John Watson was one
What neither Greg nor Sherlock knew was that John Watson wasn't in the mood to sit by while some bossy boy in a big coat harassed his nice downstairs neighbour.
You can taste a freckle. Sherlock learned that then, because that tiny mark was sweeter for sure, it enticed him to bite tender-hard, then suck. John spread himself again, so Sherlock went hunting for more freckles.
John laughs. The man—his name is Sherlock—explains. They walk. They talk. John offers tips on pulling in a pub.
Of course John and Sherlock know this firsthand for they would give their lives one for the other. Whether they think so or not they are, in their own ways, heroic. We all have that potential.
Sherlock stopped squirming. Sherlock wanted to see what the man behind him looked like. Wanted to look him in the eye, at the pulse in his throat, at his clothes and expression, he wanted to
"You fancy me and I fancy you and people who fancy each other do the kissing thing and other things and so let's do those things."
When you stare too long, sometimes you stop seeing. Sherlock puts his tea cup down with a clatter, looks up. The doctor's standing there, casual as you please and smiling. As if he knows Sherlock.
It's sort of the default tea if you want to write about a tea John and Sherlock drink, but they could also drink Tetley or Yorkshire, which you see most places, too. When in doubt go for the PG Tips. Also unless it's a small box of specialty tea, the tea bags here do
Turned out John could. Actually the good doctor gave the detective more than just the one. Ended up giving him about twenty-six million or so. Far too much. Enough for a life time.
Anywho, little John Watson follows his nose and he peers into a tall glass that is not empty. As a matter of fact it's one third full with something that looks an awful lot like chocolate milk and it must be for floating on the top is something that looks a lot like a bit of whipped cream.
Then they shift in the dark and this is when the monologue goes breathy and high and even though Sherlock's shaking thighs sometimes tighten against John's ears, John can still hear Sherlock's voice above all other sounds, so when Sherlock rubs his blood-swollen cock against John's head, John can hear Sherlock's mumbles of "good" and "soft" and "t-t-tickle," but mostly John hears Sherlock's pleasure when he ruts and rubs until he comes.
"Just out for a fuck then are you? Have enough friends you can't imagine making more? Well bully for you, mister, what a tender world yours must be."
"Well lucky me," This time John's grin showed teeth. "I'm thinking of a place in central London. Got a great deal on it because the landlady's daughter is an old army mate of mine. Sound good?"
sea shanties over and over and over, or I swear to god, I absolutely swear that I am going to stab him repeatedly with my skull chisel and I am
Just enough so that John Watson still says very little. An occasional (unbelievable) bit of praise, then the rarer words that lead Sherlock down a deduction path he hadn't thought to go.
John wasn't done asphyxiating so he just kept right on with it while turning away and running into one of those twirly little product carousels. Fully stocked, it tinkled merrily with a festive array of cock rings, nipple clamps, and—surprise!—more anal beads.
Instead John looked the man in his pale, upswept eyes and John's body opened like a lotus blossom. His hands unclenched, his thighs eased, his lips parted.
in here because I was sure I must have looked this up so I felt sanguine in telling you that an ex-army doctor and a consulting detective could get married to one another at the Westminster Magistrates Court, which is about a half mile along Marylebone Road from 221B…but then I couldn’t find anything about that on their website. Not that the boys would marry suddenly or secretly
As Sherlock boards the lift he becomes aware his departure has coincided with that of seventeen other people. All wedge themselves into the cramped space with him.
John is so going to do some shouting later, but right now he's going to take a deep breath, take it down a notch, and
the manager came over to say Sherlock and he were behaving inappropriately, and John's pretty much one thousand percent certain that Greg and Mycroft had left long before then, but fine,
Though little Johnny was now also offering in-depth details of a sneaky mash Auntie Vee had once made out of the dreaded cauliflower "instead of poe-tay-toes!" still and all James Watson heard the other tiny terror's voice and turned. "Your son knows how to read already?"
Sherlock cuddled the bear gently to his chest and said, "This is Rosie." Then Sherlock felt the need to explain a few things. In detail.
Baker Street tube station has what seems like eleventy billion entrances (probably there's just the three) but this tube entrance is the one that is closest to the boys and is actually
Lestrade's used to Sherlock appropriating things. His warrant card. His mobile. His car. These are some of the many things over which Lestrade doesn't clench, grind, or roll, but he thinks he ought to draw the line at Sherlock appropriating people. "Sherlock, you can't just appropri—"
"Like that…yes, higher though, so you rub up against my bollocks, so—ooh god yes," Sherlock said tonight, encouraging the push of John's cock between his lube-slicked legs.
Before he could hear the completion of that thought, Greg Lestrade dipped his chin a bit, mumbled something to no one in particular, then wandered off. Because while it's true the DI does not do this, that, or the other thing when vexed, Greg does do something pretty well, despite what Sherlock says: He observes.
Dawn was blushing through the curtains when the chill got to be too much for Sherlock's toes. He woke again, yawned again, got up to pee again. All that beer last night had helped close the football fraud case, but it hadn't done much for Sherlock's bladder.
Sherlock's not a stickler about the law. He's not above piling a red apple with a green with a yellow and just entering the lot under one code.
Drunk-tripping across a minefield of feet and chair legs, John took hold of the burly man’s raised wrist and said, “Let him go.”
Sherlock looked at the short stranger with his short blond hair. He was immediately impressed by a couple things. The boy was very smart because he'd naturally stood in the tree's shadow, as perfectly invisible to Mycroft a dozen yard away as was Sherlock. He was also impressed by the boy's expression, which had every necessary nuance of
And right there and right then two idiots start falling in love, because Sherlock Holmes looks at John Watson, lefty bisexual doctor biker who plays snooker, and he starts giggling like the hormone-addled mad. For the first time though not the last John Watson follows his lead.
Yes, he had too much time on his hands, but fortunately for Sherlock, Montague Street is smack dab in the middle of a
Sherlock doesn't care that it's Remembrance Day. And he doesn't care the mud's wrecked his expensive shoes. What Sherlock does care about is the short man standing at 'his' grave...
"It's going to stop hurting," John lies. "I'm going to make it stop hurting, okay, can I do that, will you let me do that?"
alongside Sherlock. He further insists Sherlock had no reticence at shoving him—and his bleeding face—in front of the doorman to get them into the tenants-only building.
"I know you feel strongly about your heterosexuality, I know you have a reputation as a bit of a Lothario, as a matter of fact I know you were chatting up someone in this queue not two minutes ago."
John Watson, the man upon the sofa's other end, paused in sipping his skinny mocha latte. He looked at the grumpy stranger. He cut right to the chase: "You counted their kisses."
Strutton Ground is only right across the Victoria Street but it's often down this small, almost-quiet road that Greg goes because that symbolic crossing of Victoria Street makes him feel he's gone a million miles from work.
John grunted with each long and messy suck, then keened each time Sherlock mewled in pleasure. "Sher…Sher…oh Sher…mmmmmm."
Sherlock counts the small man's steps. One, two, three, nearly gets to four before he realises he wants to say something, something he hasn't heard today, maybe thank—
"I want some," John Watson laughed low, holding Sherlock's eye. Then, eventually, tilting toward him a tiny, empty glass.
for college you god damn arse. God damn it Sherlock you could have gone to UCL or something. Fucking
So, in my head John and Sherlock go to Primrose Hill just to look at the view on lovely days, but they especially go when John's feeling blue. That doesn't happen to him as
Sherlock clutched at John's belt—which he had been trying to unbuckle for a solid minute—with both hands. "John.
The small man stood down, literally, but he did not move away. Instead he stood rock-steady still and he kept his gaze locked on Sherlock's sternum and he simply started talking and he didn't stop, didn't stop, didn't stop for
forum. Most leave comments nitpicking Sherlock's methods or conclusions, his morals or his manners. Of course Sherlock replies to these. In detail. The day they're posted. But John Watson's praise? To that Sherlock has not responded once.
John Watson growled and ripped the form into twelve angry pieces, threw those on the floor, then said "Fuck it," and leaned toward Sherlock Holmes—who was already halfway there, mouth open.
So he could do these things Sherlock did something else. "This chair I'm sitting on—and probably yours too?—has cushions, that means they came from inside the house, from around the dining table. They were placed way back here where the barbecue is on the only area of the garden with a stable, flat surface. From the feel of the rope it isn't anything like the sisal you can see holding up those tomato plants there to the left, it feels like cotton, which is entirely more gentle to tender skin.
A white woman stands a socially-distanced length away from him. She's talking loud on her mobile and ordinarily this would piss Sherlock off because sometimes
The good doctor can not just let that go, so he asks Sherlock how he knew he was in the army. Sherlock explains and in the explaining deduces eight other things and ends up explaining these over a pint, then another.
Uncaring that the incoming crowd had to sluice around him, Sherlock Holmes stood in that doorway and
The man's grin turns into a slit-eyed gaze, a hunter sighting prey. They go outdoors, stand amidst a litter of fag ends and ash.
Sherlock contemplates saying the thing he wants to say but he doesn't know how to say, so instead he does what he always does: He goes for what's easy. Turning toward where John's looking, Sherlock prepares to say what he sees.
John nodded, fingered a pair of ugly black spectacles. "I could help," he said. "With the eyeglass frames. If you want."
Sherlock sat across from him in one of the too-big chairs, his round pale face solemn and tired. John blinked his gaze to the clock. It was nearly midnight and he was tired too, but his hand hurt too much to sleep. So he watched the man next to Sherlock give him a little poke now and again, so that the boy wouldn't fall asleep. "Mustn't sleep Sherlock," he said, over and over.
John Watson tilted his head. Then slowly tilted it in the other direction. He said precisely nothing. But his smile? Oh that said exactly this:
The man calls himself Mr. DangerMouse, for god's sake, and each time Sherlock concedes John got something right, DangerMouse leaves a message telling John he's 'amazing,' 'smart,' or 'incredible.'
Patient in view, John turned his attentions. "Hello Mr. Holmes, I'm Dr. John Watson. How're you feeling?"
No, not ploys. Fishing. It's fishing. Harry will say a lie so that he corrects with the truth, a truth that's
Captain John Watson was always a good soldier. He knew when to follow orders. Dr. John Watson, however, knew something else entirely: sometimes seconds are all that stand between a dead hostage and a living one.
Vineyards and Tea – the Whereabouts of Servants – Privacy – a Belated Present – the Beginning of History
“Indeed you did, Stamford, indeed you did. However, this case arose and I was required to act upon it as soon as possible. Would you introduce us, please?”
in unison. Sherlock achieves a greater height, and points his toes as befits his training, but John somehow makes his look like a martial arts move. They land, and John crows their success.]
Finally the Met arrived and took control of the scene, rounding up the last of the gang. Sherlock and John were cleared and went off in search of the nearest curry.
John had already learned enough from Holmes to have an understanding of body language, but he didn’t need to be a master of deduction to see that John Garrideb was angry. John inched slightly closer to Holmes, feeling protective from the moment the man walked in the room.
I’ve rattled him. He pressed send before he could finish his sentence or write his initials. Bull’s eye.
“I know what you are thinking, Watson; your face is so expressive and every thought parades across it like the headlines in a newspaper. I am not, of course, ignorant of the fact that homosexuality exists. You have noted that I do read the newspapers, and take particular notice of the agony columns; they are often wonderfully helpful in regard to cases. I have read of court cases, of men being brought to the dock for their activities. But I read of these men, and see nothing of myself in them: I do not dress in women’s clothing, I do not parade the streets, I do not feel myself drawn to younger men or boys. If that is what being a homosexual is, then I cannot identify with that.”
“All right,” he said as he stood. “I’ve nothing else to see here. Have you finished as well, Mr. Holmes, or may they have the body taken away now?”
He made another cup of tea and sat on the sofa. The streetlights shone through the sitting room windows, cool and bright.
Sherlock sat back and focused on the stage again. The plot was ridiculous and overly complex – a feud with no reason behind it, and what a stupidly complicated way to fake a death to avoid an unwanted marriage! – but the words were lovely, and the actors spoke with passion.
He followed John back to the choir stalls of the church, which served as the infirmary. John pulled him by the sleeve until they arrived at the bedside of one man, his clothes tattered and filthy. He stared at John and Sherlock with wide, uncomprehending eyes.
“Right,” John said. “All right… ehm.” He cleared his throat once again, then reminded himself he was a soldier, and a veteran, and colleague of Sherlock Holmes, and he shouldn’t be afraid of singing, for God’s sake. He squared his jaw and sang the first thing that came into his head. “
John cradled Sherlock’s head in his hands, his fingers reaching into Sherlock’s hair. “I can’t wait to show you everything, Sherlock Holmes.”
He reached the end of the building, and glanced down. His breath stopped, and he quickly lay down to hide himself against the surface of the roof. At the corner of the building, right where the downspout ended, one of the ubiquitous black cars was parked; Sherlock could see the silhouettes of two men sitting inside. They didn’t appear to have noticed him, but there was no way he could get down the downspout without their seeing him.
John shook his head. “No, I can’t hear anything. Are you seeing any spots? Any pain, headache? Does the music rise and fade? Maybe we should go back to the hospital.”
“She says,” I look over, and Sherlock’s putting on his coat, “she says you’re a pretentious wanker who couldn’t get a meeting with Lars Von Trier if you were both in the gent’s and he needed loo paper.”
“But it would appear that the music areas are in disarray. Music of all kinds is flooding my brain, disrupting all other streams of thought. I’ve been sorting it out, putting it back in place.”
“At home, of course,” Sherlock said absently, turning some of his attention back to the microscope. “Did your minions somehow lose track of me when I haven’t moved at all?”
He lost whatever sense of time he had left. When the sky darkened, or when Rosie’s eyes closed, he stopped and sat, tucking them into a corner where he could see anyone approaching. He would have the gun out and ready, finger on the trigger.
“We have identified everyone on the plane, checked every passport against every name on the manifest. Everyone checks out – except for one patient, with no identification.” Pavlović pulled an envelope out of his breast pocket, opened it, and pulled out the tattered and burnt remains of Sherlock’s passport. “And the remains of one passport which would appear to be British. Interesting, is it not?”
John turned and walked out of the bathroom. He pretended he didn’t hear Sherlock sigh, didn’t hear the rustle of his clothes falling to the floor, didn’t hear the quiet splash of Sherlock getting into the bath.
John stared at the money, breathing hard. Then he nodded, once, jerkily, snatched up the credits and the paper elephant, and walked out.
Sherlock is both keyed up and exhausted, the two emotions mixing like oil and water in his veins – no, like magnesium and carbon dioxide, creating sparks and black smoke everywhere. His hands still shake from adrenaline, and they hurt.
The Watson home was a tiny house surrounded by farmland and scrub. Sherlock could see no other farm or house. He walked slowly away into the absolute quiet of the countryside, with only the occasional chirp of birds breaking the silence. There was a phone line leading into the house but no mobile towers in sight. So the only phone was in the house. He could follow the phone line, perhaps find another house, but the line led into heavy scrubland – who knew how long he would have to walk.
“I do, Inspector Lestrade and I were in fact school-fellows, and we still communicate often. He has frequently mentioned your ability to assist with strange cases, and that your observations are occasionally of assistance.” John felt himself bristling at this diminishment of Holmes’s work, but Holmes showed no reaction, and Inspector Martin carried on. “However, I feel that you will find that this case is too simplistic for you – it is fairly obvious that Mrs. Cubitt shot her husband, and then herself.  She now lies near death, either sooner by her wounds or later by the noose.”
“Yes,” Jim hissed, directly into Sherlock’s ear, his arms tightening vice-like around Sherlock’s waist. “
The song ended and they both bent over, catching their breath in heaving gulps. Sherlock glanced at John and had a wave of images wash over him: John back in England with him, John working with him at the studio at the Royal Opera, John making a cup of tea in his kitchen on Baker Street. A life together, a life of work and leisure, of dance and domesticity blended seamlessly.
That night, as they tucked themselves into the cave Sherlock had created, Rosie sleepily asked to see ‘Daddy’ again. To Sherlock’s dismay, he discovered the true victim of his fall earlier had been his phone, now sporting a crack along the screen. It still worked, fortunately, and Rosie still seemed satisfied by the sight of John despite the seam across his face. He noted that the battery was now at 47%, and tucked the phone into the rucksack as well, protected against future damage by a woolen sock.
“Yeah, I-” John found himself transfixed by the sight of droplets of water darkening Sherlock’s dressing gown.
John spied a door, or rather a door-like opening with a red beaded curtain. He grabbed Sherlock’s hand and towed him toward it.
Having read Coventry, the first story in this series, will make a little more sense out of the events in this chapter.
He looked over and Sherlock again, and saw the barely disguised smirk. “No,” he said, bemused astonishment taking the edge off the word.
Laughter gave way to groans, shaking shoulders gave way to rolling hips. They moved so easily from mirth into lust that the two emotions comingled freely between their bodies.
Sherlock looked over at Rosie, who was gazing steadily at the woman. There was no fear or wariness in her eyes.
Dunworthy sighed. “We’ve received a grant for this specific purpose, for this area of study. Quite a generous grant, I might add.”
“Steady breath. Steady arm. Shot the dog, no one else could. Even Scotland Yard’s finest couldn’t hit it. You did.”
They went upstairs, John leaning heavily on the banister but without too much pain. Holmes hung his coat and hat with unnatural care.
Slowly, slowly, John knelt in front of Sherlock, looking up at Sherlock’s face, gone white with shock.
In the studio, after the guard left them alone, John waved at Sherlock’s bag. “All right, put on that stupid music of yours and get to work. Two weeks, she said. By then, I hope to God I’m rid of you.”
“There’s no way someone would go through all that trouble for the sake of a few credits,” Anderson said, stepping into the room. “It’s not worth it.”
"I understand from Mummy you won't come to Sussex until St. Stephen's Day? Spending Christmas with a toddler instead?"
“You have changed my world view,” Holmes said. There was a blush on his high cheekbones that John loved. “That – I-”
“I’m fascinated by it.” Jim moved his knight into play. “The idea of two distinct properties made into a whole new property by combining them together… that one combination will make something that harms, another will make something that is completely innocuous.”
They moved past the maze of shipping containers into the ship docks, weaving their way through the crowds of people, hovercarts, cows and horses. No one took much notice of Sherlock, with the blanket hiding most of his face and obscuring his sodden but still clearly elaborate clothes; most people had their heads down and rarely made eye contact.
“Didn’t blame you,” she said, waving off his discomfort. “That area where you were – there’s a lot of… wildness there. We call it the wastelands. Just glad it ended well.” She turned to John. “We found a whole warehouse, Cap. Stinks to high heaven with the produce that was there, but a shit-ton of canned goods, non-perishables. We secured the place again after we left, but we’ll need more hands to bring more back.”
Sherlock took a plump strawberry from the Commissioner’s plate. “These are amazing. Trust you to find the best on the table.”
As he rounded the corner to the observation room again, he came face to face with John. John’s face was now stern and angry, his arms folded across his chest. Greg could hardly believe that John had been busting a gut only a minute earlier.
He put the book aside and lay down. He didn’t think he’d sleep but he did: a strange tattered sleep, filled with dreams of Mr. Dunworthy frowning, of Mary in a Victorian wedding dress, and of Holmes saying a word he’d never heard him say before – “John.”
Even though Holmes had asked for no interruptions, John could not hold himself back any more. “But Holmes,” he said, “You must recognize and acknowledge that the newspapers write such accounts in order to sell more newspapers. They sensationalize the elements of the case which creates scandal and ignore the factual side that does not prove their bias.”
“Langstaff’s more interesting, really… All right. I went home to get well enough to get by, but I knew I’d never be fit enough for the Force again. Tried working the mines again but I got restless. Living at home was… well. I got restless. Joined up with some freighter that was doing a pick up on Regina and they needed someone on crew. Flew with them for a while. The captain was this crazy old fella, limped worse’n me. Always wore this hat would have looked stupid on anyone else, but no one had the nerve to make fun of him. Old hat, maybe orange or yellow once but too dirty and moth eaten to tell. He was bat-shit crazy but he kept us flyin’.” John nodded at the medi-kit, lying open and forgotten on Sherlock’s lap. “Better wash your hands.”
Dunworthy raised his hands in a helpless shrug, and let them fall back down. He looked exhausted, and angry, and defeated. In that moment, John knew it was useless. He understood how university bureaucracy worked; it could be months, years, before the heads would agree on anything.
“But I enjoy those things,” John said. “Each one of those things makes me happy and fulfilled. Why isn’t that enough?”
From above, he saw Sherlock press his lips together, hesitate, then nod. Sherlock drew John’s hand to his mouth and kissed it. “You’re not taking your gun?”
Jim’s hand began to rub Sherlock’s belly in hypnotic circles. “Come on, Sherlock. Best Companion on Persephone? Gorgeous and intelligent to boot? Why kill you when I could just make you mine?”
“Hm. Well, that explains something.” She pulled out John’s sketches from the life class again. “Technically, these are excellent, but the other ones – the portraits of your family and friends – they just jump off the page. This is clearly Amy, but she doesn’t really jump, you see? I couldn’t figure out why this one,” she pointed at Sherlock, “was so vivid, and Amy wasn’t. But I was assuming he was a model and you didn’t know him. Clearly you draw the people you love better.”
“Yes and no,” Sherlock said. He found the original sample from the crime scene and carefully poured it out over a white table. “Jerome, John. What do you see? What do you observe?”
John was fully dressed now, and he turned his bowler hat nervously in his hands. “But – thirty-six hours – it might be too much. He might be gone, he might be – what if, if he-”
“It’s all right, it’s all right,” she said, and her tone, if not her voice, made Sherlock think again of John, of John calming him down, pacifying him when the Yarders were stupid, trying to talk him down from the roof of Barts Hospital. He kept the gun trained on her, hating how much his hand was shaking.
Their kissing was more like biting, with desperation, desperation that had been building up without Sherlock being able to name it, deparation to touch, to finally
A few hours later, John and Sherlock had escorted the tipsy panel of judges out the door, with cries of “Happy Christmas!” echoing back to them. John eyed the wreckage of the kitchen, the empty glasses littered around the lounge, the tray with only a few lonely profiteroles rolling around, and collapsed on the sofa next to Sherlock.
“I was stationed at the base in Lahr for a while, near Frieberg, but I didn’t get into town much though.”
“What’s the value of the amniculusite that was stolen?” Sherlock said, as he looked over the cargo hovertruck lying on its side. The security guard was sitting on the ground, being examined by the medics. Sherlock could see from a distance that the man was shaking his head, responding slowly – clearly concussed, and presently of no use as a witness.
Rosie seemed delighted with this new environment. She recognized the park for what it was, despite the damage; she had spent a large portion of her life in this park when visiting Sherlock. Sherlock had a flash memory of him and John and Rosie, only a few weeks earlier, walking through The Hub towards the zoo, John laughing about something, and Sherlock had nearly asked John to move in again, right then and there, but hadn’t. He shook his head and banished the memory.
He ran to the coffin, shouting, “Sherlock! Sherlock, I’m here!” The cries continued unabated, and he wondered if either Sherlock couldn’t hear him inside, or whether Sherlock was panicking too badly to hear anything at all.
Sherlock watched the cast as he spoke, watched their stress levels rise and fall. Some were giving into the tension and weeping quietly. John stood again and walked from one to another, with a kind smile and a friendly hand on a shoulder, whispering reassurances.
The cab pulled up, and Cubitt shook John’s hand. “And do you think your friend can solve this issue?”
Holmes clapped his hands. “I know! Perhaps you would allow us to view the collection while you are at your interview tomorrow. You may be assured that we will leave everything undisturbed, and moreover be a deterrent to any trespasser who might wish to take advantage of your absence.”
She was half watching the children on stage, flubbing their lines and staring wide-eyed at the audience, and half watching Sherlock. His focus was clearly on Rosie, and Rosie alone.
Sherlock couldn’t help his jaw tightening with anger. “Ah yes. And exactly when did you bug my home?”
Backstage was full of noise and cheering, and the sound of champagne corks popping. He made his way quickly through the crowd towards his dressing room. He looked at his mobile – 10:36. Mycroft had never understood that it took time to get through a busy backstage. He tucked his mobile and his passport into his tunic – no time to change.
“No, not until after the show.” She smiled ruefully. “We were going to have a party.” She rubbed at her wrists, no doubt still sore and chafing from the handcuffs. John knelt beside her and picked up her hands, examining the reddened skin. Sherlock saw John’s brow contract at the purplish stain on the first two fingers of her right hand.
Pavlović had pulled a tablet from his pocket and swiped his finger across it. “We’ve reviewed the manifest from the plane, you see. Several Japanese, of course. A couple of Americans. Seven British. And not one Canadian. Curious, is it not?”
There was a heart-stopping moment when the hook jammed on a knot in the rope, but Sherlock gently shook the rope and Maja pulled, and then she was there. He helped her to step onto the platform, then unhooked the poker and the loop, laying it silently on the floor of the fire escape by his feet. Then he looked up, held out his hand to John, and nodded.
Before Sherlock could take a breath, the blond man had a gun out and raised it up; the scarred man had to skid to a stop to prevent running into it. The tip of the barrel brushed against the man’s forehead.
John grinned a bit, colour returning slowly to his face. He looked at Sherlock, who was still wearing his backstage wrap. “Let me see.”
“I thought that was the end of the issue, but she was uneasy and restless, always nervous and jumping at shadows. Then another letter arrived, one day when she was out, and – well, I hope you don’t think less of me, but I wanted to keep her from the fear that she had been showing since the first letter arrived. So I kept it from her.”
But I’ve done enough head-banging-against-the-wall for one lifetime, thanks very much. Over dessert, I decide that the best course of action is to get out of the way and let these two idiots figure it out, somehow. It means I won’t get laid, but it seems like a worthy sacrifice.
John touched his fingertips against Sherlock’s hand, wrapped around his coffee cup. The warmth of the liquid radiated through Sherlock’s hand. He heard his own voice in his mind, from so long ago, saying ‘Not actually a machine.’
The students’ final art show was buzzing with people. The school had chipped in for cheap wine and some cheese and crackers in an effort to make the show appear more professional, but still, it was nice. John held his glass of wine, not really drinking it, and smiled and chatted with the other students and their families who had come. Teri’s wall was filled mostly with pictures of her beloved dog; Bea had several pictures but all with stilted, flattened perspective – John suspected her glasses were actually to blame. However, she was no Picasso. Keith had a few pictures of the nude model that actually weren’t too bad.
“I don’t want to hear your whinging for another second,” he said. He plugged in his iPod, pressed play. Beethoven – excellent. He turned it up as high as he dared and turned back to John.
He sat down and rang Dunworthy but the line was engaged. No doubt every other history student was calling him too. He tried again, realizing that his hands were shaking, but no answer.
Quietly and carefully, Mycroft walked towards his brother and sat on the floor next to him. Sherlock was rocking gently from side to side, whispering “Good girl.”
John’s eyes were wide and hard, but as he spoke, Sherlock saw comprehension sink into them. John’s hands came up and gripped at Sherlock’s biceps, almost painfully.
Sweat was pouring off him, and his left ankle hurt, and his rotator cuff on his shoulder was wrested when he did a leap that spun him sideways, but it was all glorious. Sherlock was dimly aware that he was dancing like he had never done before, in a style he never knew he was capable of.
John didn’t let go, nor did he speak as he pulled Sherlock back to the office that had become their room. “Sit,” he snarled as he closed the door.
“Hey Molls, it’s Greg. All right? Good. Look, I was wondering,” Greg scratched the back of his neck. God, you’d think this would get easier when you got older. “I was wondering – I remember you said you really liked that movie, Bringing Up Baby? Is that right? Well, I saw that they’re showing it at the Electric Cinema in Shoreditch, I was wondering if you-”
Sherlock opened the door to his flat and ushered John into the sitting room, lighting a lamp before ducking through the curtain that led to the kitchen. He rustled around in the cupboards until he found the medi-kit. He always kept it on hand ever since a client broke a cup and promptly stepped on it barefoot.  He’d had to replace the rug.
Sherlock smiled down at the paper as he folded it. The case began to melt away from him as his fingers deftly transformed the paper into the shape of a tiny giraffe. He held it up to the window as the morning light streamed in.
John rang off, and immediately tried Dunworthy again. All he got was a buzzing noise – Dunworthy had clearly turned off his vidder for the night.
“No, you are,” Sherlock said, tilting his forehead against John. “Thank you. For figuring it out, before I could realize what was wrong.”
By the time I gather up our coats and my purse, he’s outside sitting on a bench. He’s not shaking any more but breathing very deliberately, looking down at the pavement. He looks up at me when I approach, tentatively, and he smiles faintly.
The word trickled around the edges of Sherlock’s brain, trying to fill in the cracks not taken up by the case. He carefully filed the word away for later perusal.
John knew, intellectually, that cocaine and other hard drugs were in relatively accepted use during this era. He knew that cocaine and morphine were common ingredients in many household medicines – even in children’s cough syrup. The pendulum of public distaste for such drugs would not swing for several years to come. He knew that what Holmes was doing was hardly cause for alarm for a contemp; that if Mrs. Hudson were to walk in on this scene, she would likely simply shake her head and go about her business.
Sherlock’s fingers ran delicately over the ridges of John’s bullet wound, healed but still pink and sore. John could see Sherlock’s fascination with it, nearly hear the rattle of deductions about it in his brain.
“I mean,” John said, his voice low and a little embarrassed, “I need to make sure she’s all right. She’s the innocent in this, right? Get her out, set her up in Kosovo, wherever she’d like to be.”
There was no mistaking the greedy glint in the judges’ eyes as the cakes were revealed. Sherlock could swear he heard Molly’s salivary glands activate. There was definitely more discussion this time, and clearly more than one sample taste of each cake was eaten.
“Mrs. Hudson,” Holmes said, kissing her hand gallantly. “I take it you received my message about Dr. Watson.”
“There was never anything else for me,” Sherlock said. “This is it. I didn’t want to do anything else. I,” Sherlock’s eyes cut to the camera, “I did some ...other things, as a favour, but I never wanted to do anything else but dance. Everything else is just a distraction.”
“Okay. I think I’ve narrowed down our possibilities. I don’t think it’s feasible to get out from here, as you already discovered. During transportation would be possible, we could just jump out of the car and make enough of a public fuss – shouting and that – that they would have to leave us to it. However, as you already pointed out, they’ve modified the car so it’s impossible to get out. It’s not just a child lock, they’ve removed the handles, so no good there.”
Sherlock kissed John’s hand, and then his face. “I don’t want you to feel like that again. You are… what’s that song again? A lionheart.”
Here’s the full piece, with Rudolph Nureyev and Zizi Jeanmaire. It doesn’t have the finale I describe here, that’s from the Baryshnikov version: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDCNmD-dvq4&index=11&t=0s&list=PL5qf7zxCk2JBzIwfMCiRgY8UOA0ExQq77
“Really?”  Mrs. Roshni peered down at the picture again. “I thought, with his poise and those cheekbones that… you sure he’s never posed?”
“He was seen… dancing with you, and then he disappeared, just before the bomb went off. No one saw him. When they questioned him he couldn’t give an account of where he was. He was the only one who couldn’t provide an alibi.”
There were a few cars on the road now, the occasional bus. An older woman wearing a headscarf nodded and said, “
The sun was starting to set, and Eavesdown was taunting him, getting no closer no matter how hard he swam. If he didn’t reach the docks by nightfall, he wouldn’t be able to position himself; unobtrusive docks were unobtrusive because they were not well lit.
Sherlock closed his jaw with a snap, and turned back to the hallway. John came back to himself and grabbed his arm.
The hotel is real - it's the Pelirocco Hotel in Brighton, though the bedroom and the bathroom are two different suites in reality.
The last word fell like iron in the room. Sherlock had opened his mouth to retort, when John stepped forward into Anderson’s personal space. Despite the height difference, John radiated an aura of menace that made Anderson flinch.
John gave his hand another shake, then turned to Bahdri, and hugged him, freshly aware that if all went as he hoped, he would never see his friend again. “You crazy fiend, you,” he whispered.
Sherlock scanned the tide of people in the hallway until he caught sight of the stage manager, dressed all in black in the centre of a riot of colour. “Stephanie! Did you get the new light for Act Two?”
At night, he was woken by dreams: of dancing with Commissioner Yun, of John offering him strawberries; of the Commissioner’s hands on his waist in an alley, of John’s body broken and covered in dust. Each time he would wake with a silent gasp, then rise, wash his face, and return to work.
Cubitt was looking at him with a restrained desperation – but John wasn’t sure if he was desperate to be told his fears were foundless, or that they were genuine.
Suddenly there was a sharp stab of pain in his side, an arm slid around his shoulders, and a voice whispering in his ear, “Not quite, darling.”
“It’s all right, Sherlock,” John said. He wanted to put his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, on his warm, bare shoulder, but it wasn’t right, not yet.
“Just so. Though your John Watson nearly threw a wrench in the works yesterday. What a knight in shining armour he is.”
He tells me he was in the army, in Afghanistan, and was invalided out in 2010. He seems a bit embarrassed by this, like it was his fault he got shot and couldn’t keep going in the war.
Heavy snow blanketed the streets and trimmed the tree branches with lace. Rosie’s cheeks were living up to her name, and every flake that landed on her face made her laugh again.
Sherlock put his head down, leaning on his knees. John heard him say something, muffled and indistinct.
“Non-practicing, for many and sundry reasons,” Sherlock/Victor said with a small smile that made John wonder what the circumstances were for Victor to volunteer at the House. “Come on then.”
Sherlock took a sharp left around a corner, tried to situate himself. The twists and turns through the alleys had disoriented him, which was likely Maja’s intention.
Another long silence. John waited, and waited, somehow knowing that Sherlock had something to say, and that it was difficult. He waited so long that he began to wonder if Sherlock had already made his point and that somehow John had missed it. He was opening his mouth to ask when Sherlock burst out, “I don’t like competing with you, John!”
He hesitates, opening his mouth a few times as if trying to kick start the words. “There was a period of time – like a couple of years – when he was out of the country. Truth be told, I thought he was dead.”
“We watched it every year, Harry and me,” John said. “I could probably recite every word of it by heart. It was the only Watson tradition, really.”
Janina crossed to Sherlock and slid her hand into the crook of his arm. “I think I lost in you in the modern art section.”
John turned his eye upwards, glaring at the iron-grey sky as though he would prevent the fall of precipitation by sheer force of will.
Three quarters of a glass later, he puts his wine down and puts his hand in my hair. “You’re so very pretty,” he says, and I’m already gagging for it when he leans in and whispers, “All right?”
The bathroom was, if anything, worse. The room was decorated with tiny mosaic tiles in a bright aquamarine; this would have been acceptable if only a small part of the room was like that, but the walls, ceiling and floor were all covered with them. Mirrors framed with seashells hung over bright blue glass sink basins. On the far end of the room, up a couple of mosaicked steps, was an enormous hot tub.
“Hm. Well, my brother did want to talk to you about a debriefing, and perhaps doing some one-off assignments. You are still MI6, I believe. Or at least you could be, as soon as your ‘missing, presumed dead’ status is corrected.”
John took the tiny paper animal between his fingers. “Cute. Naw, keep him with the rest of the zoo. Don’t want him to be lonely.
Not a minute later, Maja approached the fountain. Sherlock watched her as she observed the end of the blood trail, the splash of water. She circled the fountain, paused, then ran out of sight towards the southern end of the park.
Sherlock ran to the window, and sure enough, a black car with tinted windows had pulled up to the gate. He saw Mycroft step up to the gate, along with several other diplomats and some guards. A man in uniform, a Serbian general got out of the passenger side, and he and Mycroft spoke briefly, from opposite sides of the gate.
John found himself grinning at Holmes, as Holmes grinned back. Then Holmes’ eyes darted to the door, and the grin fell away like a curtain, leaving a stern expression. John saw Martin returning with two women, and willed his own smile away.
John heard an impact on flesh, a grunt, air rushing out. The sound of a gut punch. The grunt was Sherlock’s.
Molly was half watching the children on stage, flubbing their lines and staring wide-eyed at the audience, and half watching Sherlock. His focus was clearly on Rosie, and Rosie alone.
He gives me a truly extraordinary kiss as he puts me in a cab, which gives me a glimmer of doubt. God, he would be such a good shag. Alternate world me is currently legs open and cross eyed, but real world me says goodbye and lets the cab drive away.
Jim snorted a laugh, then hummed as Sherlock took his rook. “I was never allowed, outside of school. Now that I’m an adult, I may be overcompensating for that.”
He could hear Sherlock rattling around the flat. This case had only been two days, so he wasn’t likely to fall right asleep. Once they had a case that had lasted five days, and Sherlock made it into the sitting room, flopped face first on the sofa, and was out like a light in seconds. John had dragged a blanket over him and made it upstairs to his own bed before he himself collapsed.
SHERLOCK: [slightly breathless now] I hope all the tap dancers out there will forgive me for my amateur status.
The sense of unease spread through his gut as they continued, and he found himself with less and less to say with every person he met: Albert, who organized the sleeping arrangements. Nate, who handled the unsavory job of sanitation with a grin. Rajjit, who organized the teams.
“Well, gentlemen, I hail from Topeka, Kansas, where I hold a law practice. I did very well there, with a number of regular clients and with the respect of the community. There was one gentleman of my acquaintance, an older man, whose name was Alexander Hamilton Garrideb, and he was constantly remarking upon how rare it was to know someone with the same unusual last name as his. On one occasion, he asked me to see if I could find more with the same surname; I did not take his request seriously, and laughed, saying that it would take a great deal of time and searching to find even one more.
“There’s nothing like that smell, is there?” Jim said, his voice pitched low and quiet, as though the room demanded it. “I have a screenreader set up over there for newer books, but I’m very fond of the old format of reading. There’s a section here on history, and,” Jim crossed to another shelf, his excitement infectious, “here, here’s the science section – I’m very proud of this, look.”
suit, blue so dark it was almost black. He folded his hands on his knees; crisp, clear, perfectly symmetrical. “You did the right thing. For tonight then, no more decisions. I decide for you. All right?”
“No, I mean it. If you had had that when we were dating I would never had let you break up with me.”
“Thank you, no,” Cubitt replied, staring at Holmes. “I should catch the next train home. As you can imagine, I’m concerned about leaving my Elsie’s side for very long.”
Sherlock’s hands were still at his trouser line, his thumbs sliding back and forth, back and forth along his waistline, as if gathering courage. He seemed to decide, and his hands quickly undid the button and flies. Before John could take a breath, Sherlock had slid off his trousers, pants, shoes, and socks.
They were taken up to the fifth floor, where they were shown into a large studio, with mirrors and a ballet barre lining one wall, and huge arching windows looking over the river and flooding the room with light. A rosin box sat in the corner. There was another door on the other side of the studio, and Sherlock could see white tile beyond – a shower and toilet, no doubt. They had thought of everything a dancer could need.
“Well, that’s great. Now we’re both up here. Did your grand plan include an idea of how to get us both down?”
Mycroft’s mouth twitched in a small smile. “All right, Sherlock,” Mycroft said, his voice gentler than he had ever heard it. “What – what shall I tell Mummy?”
“I-” Sherlock said, and then the doorbell rang. He turned to answer it, promptly forgetting she was there.
The Red Cross finally arrived. A contingent from France arrived first, bringing food and bottled water. They quickly realized the potential of St. Paul’s as a centre for aid, and combined forces with John’s leadership, with Sherlock acting as a language interpreter for those aid workers who were not completely fluent.  It was at this point they learned where the bomb had hit, and that Baker Street was at the very edge of the complete destruction it had caused. When they learned this, John said nothing, but silently held Sherlock and Rosie tight, all night long.
The exhaustion of travel started to hit John as they deplaned and waited for their luggage to come around the carousel, but Sherlock was vibrating with increasing intensity with every passing moment, the excitement of the pending case giving him extra energy.  John was wondering if he could beg for a coffee to sustain him for a few more hours when they saw a man holding a sign saying “Bell/Doyle”.
Rosie was not a perfect child. That incident did not mark an end to her fussiness; there were several moments of tantrums due to boredom, hunger, and the myriad other reasons why a child might cry.
“It means that the law will begin to crack down on homosexuality, try to further demonstrate that it is an illegal practice and is to be condemned. Arrests will be made.”
“Don’t mind me, sir, merely an experiment to test bruising post-mortem. But you’re a medical man, are you not? Surely this kind of thing doesn’t turn you giddy as it would a layman. Stamford here, he’s used to my oddities.”
“We do that too,” John said, “only we add a tap, of course.”  He added a staccato with the toe of his shoe, each tap clear and precise.
Sherlock shrugged. “Mining is by far the main industry on Regina. You mentioned your sister’s dental work, and your teeth are in good condition as well-”
Her eyes went small and cold. “You have no idea what you stole, do you? That was some high level plans. We couldn’t get you anymore, you were out of the country and protected by your brother’s influence, but we figured out your contact, and from there we hoped to get to the rest of the lot. All the clues led to John being the next big fish, but we needed confirmation. That’s where I came in.” She smiled, but there was no life, no joy in it. “And besides, the job wasn’t too bad. He’s a pretty good lay. I was hoping for pillow talk, but…”
John turned and headed down the stairs, already focused on getting to the Tube station, on the job interview at Great Ormond Children’s Hospital that would not only earn him more money but would be closer to Baker Street than his own flat. If he got the job – surely he would get the job – Sherlock would ask him and Rosie to move in with him again.
“Just a bit, just a bit,” he whispered to himself. He allowed all his fantasies about Holmes to well up in his brain: his long, delicate hands, the grey eyes which changed colour depending on the lighting in the room, his long neck… John imagined Holmes tilting his head back and allowing John to kiss and lick that expanse of neck.
“All right,” Mycroft said. He smiled, and Sherlock tried to think of the last time he had seen his brother’s genuine smile.
And then a picture comes in of a long knife, covered in blood. I lose a bit of blood out of my face. Holy fuck, he’s insane.
He freezes. “Sorry,” he says. He takes his phone out, turns the volume off, puts it face down on the coffee table.
The next day John visited five parks in the city, taking public transit. He learned some important things that day – first, that Toronto was a huge city, as big as London in terms of its sprawl. Second, their public transit system was nowhere near as complex as London’s. There were really only two lines, one going north/south, and one going east/west. There were a lot of bus and streetcar routes, but getting to those five parks took John all day, and at the end of it he was sweaty, exhausted, footsore, and only had five tiny pouches of evidence to show for it. He took a shower and then perused the map of the city he had bought, circling all the parks. Then he went online to research and found that the city had hundreds of parks within its boundaries.
“Um. Long time ago, let me think. I think they painted a little bit on a back tooth and waited. Didn’t take long ‘til she swelled up.”
Sherlock had told Jim he would come to him in a week. He put his case notes into a box and sealed it, but otherwise packed nothing. A few of his remaining clients called, no doubt asking for one final visit to say goodbye, but he didn’t answer. Eventually the calls stopped.
Sherlock tossed his head indifferently. “Well, one gets bored with the same colours, the same furnishings. I’d change it every month if I could.”
"Sorry I missed your little soiree the other night, Sherlock," Mycroft purred as he stirred his tea.
Dunworthy smiled, and then looked bashful. “At least, that’s what I’m going to tell the committee tomorrow morning.”
“Have we looked to see if there’s anything apart from dirt in there?” John said. He was thinking of the tiny thread of silk that Sherlock had found during their first case in Victoria, leading them to the store that both sold silk scarves and was the centre of a cocaine smuggling ring.
John smiled at the wave of happiness sweeping through his body. He poured his tea, turned away to hide it. “Not at all.”
In the space of a breath, John remembered prepping for his trip to 2029 Myanmar. For that, he went to the gym with Bahdri every day for a month, learning Kido-Kush from him, and sparred with Julien, a huge man a third bigger than John. Julien showed him how to take advantage of the different centres of gravity, and size difference doesn’t really matter in the Kido-Kush style of fighting.
Sherlock could not take his eyes off the stars. They spread out across the windows of the cockpit like a cold blanket across his entire field of vision. He had known they were there, of course; glimpsed as he left a party or a play, adding to the ambiance of an evening with a client. But this - this was like the difference between reading about a chemical reaction and seeing it in front of him. It was real, it was before him, it surrounded him. He now understood why Inara called it ‘The Black’, why she had been drawn to it, why she had spoken wistfully of it in her old age.
Then Sherlock’s belly was gone, Sherlock had knelt and had wrapped his arms around John, and they were kissing. Kissing hard and with tiny groans, arms and hands gripping at shoulders and backs and hair. Salt mingling on their faces, giving way to soft laughter of relief, relief of years of anger and fear and loss. Relief at how simple it was, after all.
He looked down at Rosie, noting that the lack of sunshine was turning her skin pale and sallow. She needed more time to be a child, he thought. “Watson,” he said, “why don’t we see what shape the swings are in?”
Sherlock huffed and forced his way through the crowd of officers, dimly aware of John following in his wake. Soon he was face to face with the accused thief, and lifted the man’s head to study him. Thinning hair, a weak chin, the yellowed eyes of a
“Look,” said the woman. “Me and my friends, we’re in a community that’s kind of come together with people that have made it so far. About thirty of us, working together and that. We’re camped out at St. Paul’s so there’s shelter. There’s not a lot of food, but we get by. A hot meal, for you and for Rosie. Would you like to come?”
“It’s opening night,” he said to Professor Flynn as he tucked her arm into his. They walked down the carpet towards the theatre doors, smiling for the cameras. “This is a very famous play from Earth-that-was, it hasn’t been performed in nearly one hundred years. It’s quite the occasion.”
Sherlock nearly didn’t hear him through the buzzing in his head. Then he went over what John had just said, and one word stood out in neon.
“Yeah, well, I’m a tap dancer, and you didn’t see me dancing to ‘Putting on the Ritz’, did you? Dance has to evolve, as you say, to its own time. All dance. Have you never tried dancing to contemporary music?”
“Just part of the job,” Mycroft said, but Sherlock knew he was pleased. “I’ll come by Monday morning for a full debriefing, if I may. We could also discuss your next assignment.”
“You’re even more handsome in person than on the vidders,” Juliet sighed. She brushed at her hair and then her dress as Sherlock gritted his teeth at her vanity. “Oh, I look a fright.”
Sherlock felt Jim straighten and calm himself, but kept his arms locked around Sherlock’s waist. “Why won’t they go?” he said petulantly.
John forced his attention back to the paper he still held in his hand. “I know nothing of printing presses,” he said. “Nor ink, nor-”
“If I can’t have coffee, then I’d like to have answers,” Sherlock said coldly. “Where am I, and why am I here?”
“This brings us to the showstopper challenge. As you’ve already been notified, this week we would like each of you to create a croquembouche. A croquembouche is a tower of cream filled – stop rolling your eyes, Sherlock, I know you know what it is, this is for the benefit of everyone else – cream filled profiteroles, held together by caramel. You will be judged on taste and creativity in presentation. You have four and a half hours. Any questions?”
They came to a door that John recognized, but for the chains hanging loose from one of the door handles. A paper sign saying “Closed” was tacked over the plate on the door that John knew read “History Lab”.
Suddenly all the fight went out of John. He released Sherlock, and Sherlock slumped back to the floor. He took a gulp of air, then another, and looked up at John. John was still kneeling, his face in his hands.
Maja nodded, her eyes losing some of their desperate gleam. “I know good way. I used to – what is word?
The picture was originally of John with Mrs Hudson and Rosie, but Sherlock had long ago cropped it so that only John’s face was framed. John didn’t know he had done that, and Sherlock would never have told him, but it was ideal for current circumstances. John was smiling in the picture, loose and relaxed and happy, and it was Sherlock’s favourite picture of him.
If someone had told Greg two years ago that Sherlock would someday be clowning, being silly, for anyone else, Greg would have told them to get off. But here he was. Because of the mirror, Sherlock couldn’t see John, or his reaction; because of the soundproofing, he couldn’t hear John’s giggles except very faintly. But he was acting the fool for John, for the sheer pleasure of
Jerome led them to his car, where John wordlessly surrendered the front passenger seat to Sherlock. He knew Sherlock would want to discuss the case, but one look at the back seat, with the driver’s seat pushed all the way back to accommodate Jerome’s height, and a baby’s booster chair as well, told John that he would be the only one who would be even passably comfortable there.
John peeled his eyes upwards, away from the scar and the trembling stomach, up to Sherlock’s eyes. They were soft in a way he had never seen, and somehow even more vulnerable than the body below. It staggered John breathless for a moment.
She had woken up early, and hadn’t been fazed at all by finding Sherlock and John in the same bed; rather, she was pleased at the convenience of only having to run to one room to wake them.
“We’re looking for supplies for the group, going to stores to see what we can find. But they’ll go on, I’ll take you there. Just me.”
He looked down at the toddler in his arms, and Rosie looked up at him, grinning and with her father’s twinkle of mischief in her eye.
John’s pencil stilled. Sherlock’s head turned slightly, and John realized that Sherlock believed that John was finished with his drawing. John glanced down – the sketch was finished, as much as a preliminary sketch could be finished. He turned the page. Sherlock nodded slightly, and turned around.
Sherlock was right: if John had received this wound in this era, without the medical care of the twenty-first century, he most certainly would have bled out.
“And then you were here again,” Maja continued. “Pavlović let me know you were back, and we came up with this idea. We thought that you two would give yourselves away. I thought you knew each other, before, but you didn’t, did you? And you two started fucking
“Right, what shall we do first, Watson? I have some new blocks with the names of different chemicals on them, why don’t we try those?”
I get Hilary out of her pen, carry her over to Sherlock. “This is Hilary. She was my friend’s. Some people like holding her.”
When he straightened again, Sherlock’s eyes were closed, but opened immediately. “I used a new body wash with lavender oils. It seems to have a soporific effect, doesn’t it, Watson?”
Sherlock sat down at Lestrade’s screen, grunting slightly as his bruised side welled up in pain at the movement. “We’re not after the teeth. And I was not getting the
“Yes, Doctor,” Martin said, and John thought he saw Holmes’ mouth turn up in a small smile. “She is upstairs, with Doctor Reeve from town. Would you like to take her care upon yourself?”
“I suppose there’s no reason to be secretive,” Garrideb replied, “and more minds may help the matter.”
Sherlock sat in his chair opposite John. “I think I’m almost finished with the renovations of the music halls; nearly everything has been sorted. Classical is complete. With the help of a contemporary radio station, I’ve dealt with more recent music, as horrific as that was. But I believe there are a few more songs floating around: random ones, ones that I would have heard in passing. I need you to help me isolate them.”
“Oh! Doctor Watson!” Holmes said. “I wondered why we haven’t run into each other before this. Have a look at this fellow, would you? It’s a very rare case of
He whirled around, dropping the bag and fumbling for his gun. He could feel Rosie’s tiny hands clutching at him. There was a group of five men and women at the door of the store, most of them carrying rucksacks and bags of their own, bulging with supplies. When they saw the gun, their hands flew up in the air. One woman, who was standing in front and was clearly the one who spoke, held up her hands, palms out to him.
He looked down at the guards, now directly beneath him. Not only did he have to land, he had to land silently. He glanced down at his feet, grateful that he had thought to change to his ballet shoes: they gave him greater traction and were soft soled, unlike his normal dress shoes. He smiled to himself, realizing that this whole mess had begun with another flight in ballet shoes, with his luggage abandoned behind him.
The Ar-Tine is meant to be a version of the Argentine Tango, kind of like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZEckpXniWo
Jim’s hands were delicate as they handled the tea set, measuring out the hot liquid into cups. “I imagine you receive proposals for permanent companion all the time,” he said, smiling shyly.
Bahdri was silent for a long time once John had stuttered to a stop. His grip around John’s shoulders tightened.
I’m so lucky I didn’t say what I had been thinking about saying: ‘Tell me about Sherlock?’ Because John doesn’t know that Sherlock and I have already introduced ourselves over a picture of my vagina.
They obeyed, pointing their eyes warily at Sherlock but moving with complete trust in the woman. She kept her hands up.
Sherlock walked through the room, running his hands over the immaculate surfaces. “Yes. Since I was a boy.”
The moment she saw the playground, however, she ripped her hands from their grasp and ran, the sight of her usual swings and slides covered in thick snow giving them fresh life in her eyes. Soon she was so absorbed in her play with her friends that she paid no more attention to the two men who lingered at the edge of the yard.
Sherlock could hear one of the diplomats murmuring into a phone. Another staffer was trying to talk to Maja, but she said nothing, just stared at Sherlock. He couldn’t read her expression at all.
The man froze, and Moira wondered if he hadn’t heard her approaching. He looked her up and down, and it wasn’t lewd, as Moira had often encountered in her career - it was more like he was reading the serial number in her bones. After a moment, he turned back to the wall of men’s scarves in front of him and spoke rapidly.
“I want to lick that gorgeous long neck of yours. Mark you, give you great big lovebites that everyone could see.”
The boy gazed at John, then over at his mother. The mother cast a glance at John, and then at Sherlock, who was still sitting at their table, hunched over his coffee, looking sad and lonely. She nodded minutely at the child.
Sherlock knew a cue when he heard it. “Like I could stop you, you miserable sod.” He threw himself on the sofa.
“Yes, immediately,” Holmes said. He darted to the bookshelf. “Hurry and pack, Watson. I believe there is a train leaving St. Pancras within the hour. I will check the schedules and then hail a cab to rush us there. We can telegraph Cubitt from the station.”
Sherlock knew he wasn’t a true spy, in the way that John was, in the way that his brother was. He was a keen observer, could lie in someone’s face while carrying a nation’s secrets in his shoe, but the intrigue and fisticuffs of spy work held no appeal. All he ever wanted to do was dance.
Comprehension dawned, along with a shot of excitement. “Indeed I do. And I believe you wished to as well?”
you. I've been a fool to wait until a bomb went off but I’m saying it now.” John took in a breath, and steadied his voice and his gaze.  “I love you. I am a better man because of you. I’ve loved you for years but I won’t let another hour go by without saying this. Please don’t leave me. Don’t leave us. Please.”
“I went to camp last year and I couldn’t bring my violin, Mom said it might get broken or stolen,” the boy said. “I missed it a lot too.” He opened the case and brought out the violin and bow, and with another glance at his mother, he trotted over to Sherlock and presented them to him. Sherlock’s face dropped with surprise as the boy said, “Go ahead, if you want. But my lesson’s at five.”
“Why, she shot the squire, sir. Mrs. Cubitt shot Mr. Cubitt dead and then herself. She’s near dead herself, so if you’re the surgeons, you’re only saving her for the gallows.”
He turned towards Holmes and Martin, to see Holmes facing him with an inscrutable look on his face. “When you’re quite ready, Doctor,” he said flatly, “would you like to join us while I show Inspector Martin the letters?”
“Fuck,” he whispered. “You’re so beautiful. Your legs, my God. Your-” he paused, and blinked. “Your feet are… a mess. Did you run barefoot through rocks to get away?”
The hotel’s front entrance was a chaos of brick and iron and people running. Guests of the ball were hiking up their silken skirts and running from the hotel, their faces streaked with dust and blood. Sherlock saw a man carrying Tjinn away, her beautiful face covered in gore; he recognized her only by her dress. He and John pushed against the panicking crowd, back into the hotel.
Bahdri manhandled him upright on the edge of the sofa.  “Jesus, John, you look a mess. Go have a shower, okay? Right now.”
The man was full of restless, kinetic energy in a way that jarred with John’s perception of contemps of this era. His fingers fluttered over the riding crop, he talked a mile a minute, but his grey eyes were clear and steady.
“Mrs. Hudson is visiting her sister in Kent. John has an interview – did you arrange it, Mycroft? You know how John feels about you interfering-”
Sherlock looked at John. He was a bit ridiculous, with too-long trousers rolled up, his street shoes, a vest, and his hair was a ruffled disaster. And yet he belonged here in Sherlock’s rehearsal room, the first person he had allowed inside. He belonged here.
“What?” Horror and shock were sinking away, and John was beginning to think that there was more to this situation than he had thought. “What do you mean, ‘unexpected result’?”
Sherlock felt a wave of panic. These men were stupid, and brutal, and had complete advantage over him. They might even kill him. He could die here, be found in the morning, and his murder could be solved even by Anderson.
And Sherlock revelled in the gift of John in his arms, of John falling asleep in his arms. In time, Sherlock fell into sleep as well, secure and happy, as the food cooled behind him.
It was harder than he ever imagined, keeping a child occupied. He was amazed that there were people in the world who chose to do this, day in and day out, as a profession. He began to have grudging respect for every teacher and nanny he had ever had.
“Oh.” A dull rill of horror ran down his spine. The roof must have collapsed after he had been taken away by Mycroft’s people. He had left the hotel without thinking of what John would think of his absence. “I’m okay. I’m sorry, I left, I-”
At least these activities kept his mind away from the ever-present fear, from the constant stream of ‘what if’ that filled his head.
In that moment of John being so close in his memory, but so far away, and with the sudden reminder that John may very well be dead, that there may be hundreds, thousands, millions dead, Sherlock snapped.
Evans jerked, and there was a flash and a roar in the room. John smelt the sting of gunpowder, then pain like a sledgehammer slammed into his leg and he fell.
Sherlock gave in to his instincts at last, and grabbed at John’s hands, holding them between his own. “You have not fucked up. You are not a fool. You’re the best man I’ve ever met. You saved me.”
My brain kind of goes offline, goes back to my old ways. I’m so fucking horny that I don’t think it through. When the café is quiet enough, I go to the loo and take a quick picture of my vagina and send it to him.
“I want that bath,” John ground out. He strode to the far end of the room and started the water pouring into the tub.
“Ah, shut it.” John pulled at the collar of the ill-fitting jacket. “It itches, but I gotta wear it.”
“Phobias don’t make sense, love,” John said. “They’re not rational. I know you know intellectually that they’re harmless, but you can’t reason with that part of your brain.”
Janina stopped her work and fixed him with an icy glare. Sherlock stared back at her, unwilling to play whatever game she wanted to play today.
And thank you to everyone who followed me and John and Sherlock from The House to Victoria to Toronto... and back again.
Sherlock was dimly aware of saying “Please” over and over again. He was drowning in John’s hand, his skin, his smell, his eyes, and he never wanted the drowning to end. All sensation was narrowing down, focusing on John’s hand on his cock, and then he felt himself shaking apart, all his awareness vanishing into a white haze. He could hear John shouting as if from far away, and felt a warm spatter on his belly, mingling with his own come.
Now, if John was a real prick, he would have inflated his own role in the case. As it is, I suspect he’s underplaying it. An arsehole would have talked about himself the whole time. I had a date once, a blind date, who talked about himself nonstop for the entire date while I drank myself stupid and said ‘Uh huh’ occasionally. I considered recording myself and just leaving the tape running and doing a runner.
It would appear that these are sort of coming into a story line. Wasn't my intention, but there we go!
“Well, Mr. Holmes, I most certainly agree with your hypothesis – there must have been a third person shooting. The writer of these letters must have shot from outside the window, wounding poor Mrs. Cubitt and killing Mr. Cubitt. But how can we ever discover the whereabouts of the man? I assume it is the man named here, Abe Slane?”
Holmes smiled and nodded small to Inspector Martin, who was standing with his mouth hanging open. But Holmes did not revel in his small victory, and pressed on. “Now, you said you were woken by a loud noise. Did you hear one report, or two?”
“I’m-” Sherlock was having difficulty finding the words. “I’m becoming someone’s personal Companion and I don’t think – I think Jim wouldn’t want me working cases.”
Sherlock had limited experience with children, but he knew that this was not for show. It was not performative so she would get her way. This was grief, and homesickness, and missing her father, and fear that Sherlock had tried so hard to keep from her.
After the main course, he asks for the dessert menu and then excuses himself to go to the loo. I’m looking at the menu and trying to decide between a decadent looking cake, which would take forever to eat (unless we share. Hm.) or a crème brulee which is quick and then back to mine.
John wasn’t sure how long they kissed. It felt so perfect, so right, with Holmes – Sherlock – in his arms. Sometimes he would wonder if he was having a wonderfully detailed dream, then Sherlock would sigh and shift a little in John’s arms, and John happily knew he was awake. They explored the art of kissing; Sherlock at first unsure and hesitant in a way that made John’s heart swell, then he rapidly learned so well that he made John’s eyes roll into the back of his head. When John carefully ran the tip of his tongue along the seam of Sherlock’s lips, seeking entrance, Sherlock gasped softly and pulled away to stare at John in amazement.
For a moment, it felt so good to shout, like a wound leaking pus after a long infection. It was a relief.
“Just-” Sherlock twirled his hand in the air. “Whatever comes into your head. I think I’ve got everything from my childhood and early adulthood, so anything after that…”
“Hm?” John looked up, his eyebrows lifted. There was a tiny dot of mustard on the fold of the right side of his mouth.
John had a fleeting memory of their flight from England, of John watching Sherlock as the various personalities battled and fought inside him; of his feeling of absolutely helplessness.
He was so tired. Every muscle hurt. The brambles of the hedge pricked at him. His torn flesh in his side screamed at him. He was getting cold. He wanted to go home. He was hungry and he wanted chips. He wanted John’s arms around him.
His vision blurred sometimes, and more than once he leaned over to vomit next to him. He knew he likely had a concussion; John would want him to go to the hospital.
After all these years, John was always amazed to see the manner in which Mycroft swept into a room, and how people scattered in his wake. Whereas John had had to argue with the nurses to be let into Sherlock’s room, Mycroft was not questioned at all, and they made their way to Sherlock’s bedside.
“No,” Sherlock said, as his heart squeezed in his chest. “You’re in the British embassy, in Belgrade.”
“Where is he?” John ground out. Jerome was on the phone with the police now, but turned his head when he heard John’s voice, frowning.
Sherlock looked down at Rosie. “I don’t,” he said softly, “but there are other things in which I believe.”
Link to Baryshnikov dancing the piece in question, from White Nights, the film that this fic is inspired by:
“And if you love me, it doesn’t matter to me if you’re a man, or asexual. All I wanted – it’s enough for me, if you love me. It is. So. Do you love me?”
Mycroft’s face cleared. “Again, apologies, John,” he said, and John nodded tersely in acceptance. “He’s still unconscious?”
“I think I’ve spotted him, Sh – Joseph,” John said. The man was picking up speed, and John followed suit. “Dressed in black, believe it or not. Heading southwest away from the theatre. Calling Jerome.”
“Fuck,” Sherlock said again, muffled into his hand, then moved his hand away and gave into the keening sounds that threated to spill over.
“Worth every penny,” Jim replied. “And I read it too. It’s not just on display, it’s meant to be read. All books are meant to be read.”
,” Sherlock said, and he grabbed an apple from the bowl and bit into it. Then he froze, staring at John with what could be considered dismay on anyone else’s face.
He kissed her on the cheek to thank her, and promised her the original after the class show. He went back upstairs and started work on the painstaking process of cleaning up – transforming the sketch to a finished piece.
John crept back onto the bed, holding himself up over Sherlock’s body, caging him in with his flesh. “I love you,” he murmured. He lowered himself down, and heard Sherlock’s breath come out as a sigh of relief, as though he had just returned home from a long journey.
He thought of John’s quiet, “Thank you,” at the studio, as they leaned over to pick up their respective bags.
As if to prove the point, the driver came out of the building and drove off in one of the cars. Two of the men from the lobby followed him, and leaned on the remaining car, chatting. Occasionally they would look up at the windows of the flat, nodding fractionally when they saw Sherlock standing there.
Jim walked with him to the front door, where the airlimo was waiting. Sherlock called to the driver, “One moment please,” and pulled the door shut, giving them privacy.
“Oh yeah, few times. Beautiful city; maybe a bit bigger than Persephone. Lots of tall buildings of glass and platinum, reaching up, high class hotels and restaurants – all sorts of places I wasn’t allowed. Your turn now. How’d you get into the police business?”
Busy but still thinking. Phone tucked away but still obsessing. Kept thinking about what a great kisser he was, how his fingers felt against my waistband. What it would have happened if the flatmate hadn’t showed up.
John smiled, and there was a note of gratitude in it. “All I knew is I didn’t want to be a miner. Figured that out early. Soldierin’ seemed like an easy way out of it that my Da couldn’t disapprove of.”
Instead, he walked a careful, casual pace until he was sure he was out of range of the guard, of the cameras. Then he stripped as quickly as he could and rushed into John’s grasping arms.
They worked their way around the room, chatting and shaking hands. Inside, Sherlock felt his mind slipping back to the problem. He could see the threads connecting the cases, an organizing factor behind a wide variety of crimes, like strings on a puppet, but how to name the puppeteer? He should ask Lestrade for case files for some high profile crimes that Sherlock had not been involved in; perhaps the theft of gold bars from the Persephone Bank two years ago –
“Yes, sweet lamb. After I got your message I just got her ready for bed, I thought you’d be a lot longer. No sense in waking her up now – you two get some rest and I’ll bring her up in the morning.”
Sherlock could almost hear John’s broad, happy smile behind him. “Um,” he said, clearing his throat. “Well. Starting to drum up business. Look for courier contacts. Ah – get you some clothes, since you can’t wear that purple robe any more.”
John’s flat was dusty and stale, and he barely recognized it as a place where he lived. Home, he realized, was now large rooms crammed with books and papers, and smelling of pipe smoke, with large windows letting the weak London sun in.
“Then I was feeling everything, all the time. Anger, joy, rage, happiness, everything, all at once. I couldn’t contain it. And it felt like – like ever since then, I’ve done absolutely everything wrong with you that is possible to do wrong.”
John took a miniscule spoon from the table, and scooped some of the sweet potato into his own mouth. “That’s quite good, actually,” he said.
“It was rough for a while.  And I was angry with him for a long time, even though he was justified to do what he did. Angrier than he deserved, for more than he was responsible for. But we’ve forgiven each other, and when Mary – my wife – died, my daughter and I moved back in with him.”
“Huh.” John was still trying to get his head around the concept, and was a bit surprised at himself that he was finding it so difficult.
He only knew they were there when he recognized the gates, twisted and broken; the iron gates that bordered Whitehall. The rest of the buildings had collapsed.
Sherlock took John’s jacket off and hung it over top of his own. Then he raised his hands to John’s neck, and insinuated a long finger behind the knot of his tie. John closed his eyes briefly at the sound of the silk unwrapping at his neck, then reached up to pull off Sherlock’s cravat.
But Holmes didn’t. He told the story of his client and the strange fraud of the Garridebs, the true identity of the still-unconscious Evans. He told Lestrade to send an officer to Paddington to meet Nathan Garrideb as he returned from Birmingham to corroborate his story and break the news that he would not, in fact, be a millionaire. Holmes’ voice was calm and even, and he never once looked at John.
I think about this a bit, surprised by my own answer. “No. So long as you’re not just looking for a babysitter. I am the world’s most disastrous babysitter.”
“We wanted to thank you,” John says. Sherlock nods, once, sharply but not curtly. “For getting our heads out of our arses, really. We’d been dancing around this for years, but no one really pushed the issue like you did. We’re very, very grateful.”
“Now.” Mrs. Roshni pulled the portrait of Sherlock toward her. “I need to scold you a bit – it’s a bit unfair to the other students, using a professional model when the assignment was to draw someone at home.”
He pulled back on his knees, John following, until his legs were tilted almost all the way back, and he was bent nearly double. The flush across John’s chest and neck deepened.
Stamford let out a long-suffering sigh. “Of course. Mr. Sherlock Holmes, this is Dr. John Watson, of Edinburgh. Dr. Watson, Mr. Sherlock Holmes.”
His confusion rose to the point of near terror. He began to run, trying to get away from the faces of the people, the disgust on their faces past the point of politeness. He ran until the crowd parted in front of a huge mirror.
“Good evening, gentlemen,” Mrs. Hudson said, as she set the tea tray down. “My goodness, Mr. Holmes, you are red in the face – have you just returned from a case?”
When it grew dark, Sherlock turned on a small lamp in the corner, and draped his handkerchief over it to dim the light. He didn’t want John to wake up in the dark. He pulled his chair a little closer to the bed and curled up into it.
Martin’s brows knotted and he rushed over to examine the spot. “I see it, sir,” he said haltingly. “This changes the matter greatly, I must admit.”
John’s mind was a riot of questions, but before he could formulate them into coherent sentences, Lestrade’s phone trilled, and Sherlock’s head came up like a dog sniffing a treat. Neither of them really heard Molly come in and say, “Greg has to take a call, but we’ve made a decision. Both cakes are excellent, and we had a really hard time choosing, but-”
Sherlock burst out laughing, and John’s laugh joined his, surprisingly high and lilting. Sherlock handed a cup to John with a slight bow.
“Don’t you think that’s best? I’m an American, with an outlandish tale. You are an Englishman, with impeccable references, with a reputation in London. You are far more likely to be believed than I.”
“The English are such prudes, such Puritans when it comes to truth. They want their entertainment spoon fed to them, like porridge.”
[Both men are now dripping sweat; John’s shirt has darkened in a line down his spine. Their faces are flushed, but they are looking into each other’s eyes and grinning.]
T.J. was at the comp, and he looked exhausted. Professor Lassiter was standing over him, pointing and speaking rapidly and snappishly. Clearly T.J. wasn’t moving quickly enough for Lassiter, and Lassiter rapped his knuckles against the top of the comp.
“Good. So that means that the thief picked up this dirt on their shoe only the day before the robbery, giving us a fair idea of his whereabouts. Anything else?”
John had been with Sherlock long enough to shrug off most of his strange behavior. This wasn’t anything to worry about medically, so John simply made a cup of tea and enjoyed the impromptu concert in his sitting room.
Sherlock set about learning John’s mouth and skin in a way he never had before, and felt himself being learned in turn. He didn’t know how much time had passed, was passing, before John was helping him tilt down onto his side.
She smiled brightly, and it made Sherlock shudder. “Of course not. John doesn’t know. He thinks I’m simpering little Maja, the nurse from Ćukovac. God, I’m so glad this job is nearly done. I’ve been bored to tears for four years now.”
“I’ve always had enough clients here. There’s not many Companions left anymore. You’ve been to Ariel?”
“No, I mean here. What’s Lassiter doing here? Why is T.J. on the comp? He’s from Brasenose, isn’t he?”
Amid the chaotic shouting and scrabble of Carmichael’s arrest, John looked up at Holmes and saw that his hair was ruffled, disheveled after their chase and John’s push.
Maja: No formal training as a nurse, but likely fell into the work by accident, either by marriage or circumstance. Cooks, but resents having to do so, not just for Sherlock. Extremely resentful of Sherlock’s presence in her home. Sound sleeper. Also keeping secrets.
He was making his way to the stage door when he saw Janina making her way to him, two glasses of champagne in her hands. “Sherlock, darling! You were marvellous! Come and celebrate!” she cried. She pushed one glass into his hand, and kissed him on the cheek. “Thank you for the flowers,” she whispered into his ear. “We can celebrate privately later, yes?”
“That is I,” Holmes said smoothly, seeming to ignore the man’s mood. “This is Doctor John Watson, my friend and colleague. And you, I presume, are Mr. John Garrideb?”
He let his thumb trace Sherlock’s cheekbone, and watched his eyes close. He felt the delicate stroke of Sherlock’s exploring fingertips across his brow, and he smiled.
“Right then, uh…” The mood hadn’t entirely broken, and John found himself flummoxed, unable to think of a single song.
John grunted and sighed with a great gust of air, and then he was coming. The cords on John’s neck bulged hard against Sherlock’s lips. Warm streams of come tracked over the back of Sherlock’s hand, droplets landing on his belly. John shuddered with an aftershock, then bit at Sherlock’s collarbone as he sped up his strokes.
“May I show you something else?” Jim led Sherlock out of the room and back down the hall. “This room is now complete, and I must confess it’s my favourite.” He paused slightly at the door, grinning like a magician about to reveal his trick. “I’m a bit old fashioned, but…”
Holmes’ expression changed again, this time to amusement. He stood and bowed his head to John. “Only an idiot argues with his doctor,” he said. “If you insist.”
“38% higher chance of salmonella contamination with chicken kiev,” Sherlock said. “Don’t want to risk that for your guests, do you?”
John pulled back the wadded up handkerchief he’d been pressing over his forearm. “See, what’d I tell you. Fine.”
The vidder sounded again. Sherlock wondered briefly if it might be John, now released from prison and wanting to talk about the case, but instead it was Tjinn’s face on the screen.
Mycroft turned again to Sherlock, who now had his arms and hands stretched out in front of him, reaching into the empty air. “She’s walking! Come here, Rosie, you can do it! Good – good – good girl!” Sherlock crossed his arms across his chest, as though holding something precious.
“Off to the shops for you tomorrow,” Sherlock said. He remembered that the only clothes John had were the ones he was wearing, donated by a guard who was almost the same size and build as John.
“As I said, it’s been several days. I have to start slow at first, or I risk pulling a muscle from disuse. But yes, this is how I warm up. Have done every day of my life since I was four.”
“The war?” I say. He’s told me he was in Afghanistan, though he doesn’t seem to want to talk about it a lot.
“Oh come on, Lestrade. Let me give Anderson a lesson. What you need to do is figure out the person who had both opportunity and reason.”
Giselle is one of the more frequently performed ballets. It's the story of a young woman who is jilted by a prince, Albrecht, and dies of grief, dancing herself to death. In the second act, the prince visits her grave and is surrounded by Willis, the ghosts of wronged women. The Queen of the Willis directs him to dance to his death as well. It's a super, melodramatic story, and a demanding role for Giselle, Albrecht and the Queen.
“Precisely,” Janina snapped. “You have a performance upon which your future depends. In two days. I’m very pleased that you remember this.”
“I must agree, Mr. Garrideb,” Holmes said. John stared at him with some surprise – he would not have expected Holmes to agree with John Garrideb on any point. “Your word will be believed more than a foreigner, or even a representative like myself.”
John’s eyes darted to the camera, then back to Sherlock. The lines in his face softened, but Sherlock turned his face away.
“Nope,” Bahdri said, grinning, without taking his eyes off the controls. “You broke up with me after three wonderful weeks to date Mary.”
John studied Anderson up and down, his face remorseless and cold. “Is he now,” he said, and the pitiless tone of his voice made Anderson blanch and step back.
Sherlock began with a traditional opening move, advancing his pawn into the centre of the board. Jim mirrored the move with his own pawn.
But John had been distracted by the tank opposite. “Look at this, Sherlock,” he said, his voice soft with awe.
“No, I’m fine, John,” Sherlock said. He looked perturbed, but not in pain. “I’ll take care of it when we get home.”
“Oh my God,” Anderson said, smirking. “You’re actually angry about this. You’re in denial that we caught someone without your help. We caught him while you were off gadding about, and you’re pissed.”
He had no idea how much time had passed. He was pressed into his chair, pinned into place by the enormity of space around him.
,’ Mycroft had said. But neither of them had anticipated this scenario. Mycroft had said his team was being taken to a bunker, likely deep underground, but even if he and the other politicians were still alive, how could Mycroft see that Sherlock was there? How could Sherlock get a message to him? How long should he wait, or was waiting a dangerous waste of time? What if the bunker itself had been destroyed? It was likely a space created during WWII, and possibly insufficient for the impact of the blast that had struck London.
The screen shuddered and winked into life, revealing John Watson, dishevelled and bleary, rubbing his hand over his face. “Who the-”
, when it ran aground off the coast of South Carolina. He had had the liver scared out of him at the sound of the cannons roaring at each across the expense of water between the two ships. He had briefly glanced Bonnet, the infamous pirate commander, as he was taken by the British. John had slipped away from the celebrations of the victors to a small cave east of the beach, and saw the glittering of the net opening, and emerged, sweating and bloody and filthy, back into Oxford in 2058.
Sherlock snorted, then began to chuckle. His body shook against John’s until John started to laugh too. They giggled together until Sherlock’s body relaxed into John’s arms.
“I don’t know.” Sherlock’s arms tightened around John. “Now that I have it, I am even more afraid of losing it.”
itchy. He walked out of the alley, his sour mood returning, grumbling internally about the unfairness of this crap assignment: six weeks in what was likely the most boring era in history. He wondered whether he was being punished, either by the department or by the historian gods, for the bullet that had found his shoulder in 2007 Afghanistan. And his shoulder still hurt, still ached, and he felt old and useless and cold and
“Good coffee,” John said at last. “In answer to your questions: about fifty kilos, yes but with difficulty, no, no idea. Where we going?”
Two years ago, John would have resented that he wasn’t along on the case. One year ago, he would have worried about Sherlock’s well-being without John there. But now… he still wished he was there for the case, there to protect Sherlock from any potential danger. But now he really wanted to be with Sherlock.
The smell of rotten food in those shops worsened with every trip. Sherlock, with his hyperactive senses, often found himself fighting his gag reflex at the smell, but Rosie merely declared such places ‘stinky’.
Mycroft pulled himself together. Sherlock knew that only he, and not the staff of the embassy, had seen that vulnerability. “You’re well, little brother?”
“You recall that I strongly disagreed with your moving him in the first place,” Mycroft said sternly.
