Dean’s hands are on him before he can process it but they’re not rough like he expected them to be, they’re kind, protective. One hand slides over his cheek, hiding the thin scar left there from when Ted bit Cas, almost wanting to cover it and make it disappear, while the other hand has its fingers resting between his collar bones, right above another set of scars received in this battle.
“What’s his name?”
Anyway, who cares? Not Castiel. He had food to eat, books to read, a cock to tug and a museum to visit, maybe even do some window shopping, who knows? But before he can even make it out of the building, his peaceful tea-sipping time gets unapologetically disturbed by the ringing of his door bell. No one ever came to his house except for the occasional Jehovah’s witnesses so it’s with a practised bored look that he eventually answers, excuses to shoo them away already in the back of his mind.
The second those words leave his mouth, Castiel knows it’s over for him and judging by the big crowd that had gathered around them, drawn in by the commotion and gasping at the two men, this was undoubtedly going to escalate into a full blown report, if not an actual lawsuit.
* Chapter 05 : Satisfied - Reignwolf
Right as Cas is about to walk into the living area, Dean turns the corner and sees him. “Morning” the man huffs a little breathlessly. Whether because he looks to be in a hurry, or whether he was startled by Castiel, there was no telling.
The voice however is not Mr. Winchester’s, rather a woman’s with a distinct accent whisper yelling profanities in Spanish followed by quick footsteps darting around the kitchen in pursuit of something.
It also told him Dogo Argentinos are one of the breeds with the strongest bite force. Just his luck.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, I read something about that. Also heard some people were against it. You know, those real hippies with their avocado bagels and vegan voodoo stuff. Though, I’ve gotta hand it to them, that factory is probably going to pollute the air even more and then of course there’s the-“
* Chapter 04 : Control - Halsey
* Chapter 04 : Control - Halsey
Without further ado, lights were snapped on, finally giving way to pair a visual to the vague shuffling Castiel had been forced to overhear earlier, so as soon as his eyes adjust to the sudden brightness, he can see this was for real. The mind games really did come to an end.
“Good morning, Mr. Winchester.” He greets politely while they shake hands.
* Chapter 11 : Calm after the storm - Common Linnets
“Huh, you really thought you had a chance with me? How pathetic. You’re a nobody, Mr. Novak, unworthy. Now don’t you ever,
“Yeah, you don’t know. Your head’s not where it’s supposed to be at and I don’t trust you. You’re sleeping with me tonight, end of discussion.”
Yet here he is, buzzing with anger as he reminisces about a day that was filled with nothing but involuntary capitulation like the coward he is. Dean Winchester might threaten him with a loaded weapon but surely the man couldn’t actually get away with murder, right?
* Chapter 16 : We've got tonight - Bob Seger
. It was always more; more drugs, more often, more risks, and ultimately, more close calls.
Like all intricately built structures, humans need a support beam to keep them up, a grounding element necessary for the most basic of survival, but that’s exactly what has been stripped away from Castiel in an act containing nothing more than cruel sadomasochism meant to reduce the victim to indistinguishable particles of pulverized breaths.
“I’m- I, I- sorry?”
* Chapter 01: Not afraid - Tommee Profitt
Looking down and pulling up the plain white t-shirt someone must have dressed him in, he can take a look at the damage at last. His chest is neatly bandaged with what appears to be wound dressing underneath. All in all, Castiel hopes his decision of not immediately seeking medical attention and exposing the burns to less than ideal situations for over twenty-four hours didn’t cause too much or irreversible damage. Thinking about possible scarring is something he pushes aside as quickly as it bubbles up into his already unsettled mind.
All his life he’d been forced to stand up for the little guy, him being the little guy in this scenario, as he fought bravely for a place among those living a relatively comfortable existence, kicking his way through hardship and rejection by never backing down and always, always getting up on his feet again. Keep grinding, you know?
!) has blood trickling out of his nose and seemed so pissed off before saying his goodbyes.
The slight flinch when one of his hands shoots up is riveting but he holds back, grips the navy tie instead and pulls on it a bit. “It was crooked.” Is the only thing he says when looking back up. Seeing how unravelled those blue eyes are beneath his gaze is inexpressible and for the second time that evening, he has to really hold back to not take this man apart with irreversible damage.
And just like that, Castiel has to watch how the person he cherishes most in this world is making friendly chatter and laughing with the very man who only one night ago was assaulting him in the shower.
“So, uh, we’re going back to Winchester Co. then?”
Fuck, how many people have fallen victim to Dean Winchester already?
“No! Don’t touch me! Stay away from me.”
But Cas instantaneously also remembers how hard he’d gotten just watching that scene which, unknowingly to him, had put him directly into the vulnerable position Dean needed to further abase and mock him.
"The devil's gonna make a free man, the devil's gonna set me free."
Castiel’s blood runs cold. All throughout their small talk and friendly conversation, he can’t do anything but panic about the fact Mr. Winchester even knows about her because despite some of the aspects of Cas’ life being quite public due to his father’s fame, his relationships had always stayed private. Or so he thought.
It didn’t matter that her hair was no longer of bright golden color, to him, she’d always soothe his heart much like sunsets once did in a past feeling further away than it really is. Her hands had become rougher, too. No longer being the softest surface on earth to a five year old, yet still perfectly interlocking with those of a twenty-four year old.
* Chapter 13 : Keeping me alive - Jonathan Roy
That’s right. No one. Now sign the damn contracts.”
“This,” he grins, “is a very bad man, Mr. Novak. We caught him with his arm down the panties of a little girl. And this-“ Dean's hand travels down, over every inch of twisting muscles until it comes to rest over the person’s crotch, fingers curling and digging till they elicit a muffled set of screams, “-this was hard as a rock.”
“Go get me a fucking drink. Now!”
“There’s a contract involved.”
None of this makes sense.
“This is Castiel Novak,” Sam quickly chimes in when his employee does nothing but stare quietly, “he’ll be the one to represent you in court should you ever need it.”
It's not that we're scared
“Hey, hey, hey, stay with me Cassie. There you go.”
“Yes,” Paula sighs as she puts the clothes away and takes a seat next to Castiel, “I work for Winchesters, long time. Adam? Just little baby.” That makes her laugh, undoubtedly bringing back fond memories no longer part of her life. “When he meet Isabella, my daughter, they fall in love, together all the time. Already married for five years now.”
“Cassie? What’s going on with you?”
“Oh, yeah! Yeah, of course. You feeling alright at least?”
* Chapter 16 : We've got tonight - Bob Seger
“Castiel? Cas-“
His notoriously bad temper with violent tendencies is nothing new either, Mick should have know a fistfight would follow for Dean isn’t one to back out of one so easily. Luckily for the both of them, due to the circumstances of the previously attended event, neither were carrying guns or that sprawl could have ended very differently.
* Chapter 11 : Calm after the storm - Common Linnets
“Castiel?” he asks carefully but there’s no immediate answer. “Cassie?”
“His unfortunate death stirred up a lot of emotions previously buried, a newly risen wave of outrage, so to speak. But you knew that already, didn’t you, Mr. Winchester? You’re a smart man. Dangerous? Yes, but smart as well. Or did you really think your actions-“
But Mr. Winchester is right. Castiel, too, feels it; how antsy they get around one another so every opportunity for some fresh air is a God given gift. No one wants the potential bomb to go off.
“Uh, about a week ago. I accidentally spilled boiling water on myself.”
most discussed and sought after internships. Though back then the company was technically still being run by John Winchester, his son was well on his way to take over, the expansion of some Massachusetts establishments being a ‘small’ first individual project for Dean.
* Chapter 04 : Control - Halsey
* Chapter 11 : Calm after the storm - Common Linnets
ever since that innocent man’s blood had pooled around his feet. He caught himself eyeing every gulp of alcohol Dean consumed, found his mind wondering which cabinets might contain pills, even considered if any employees at Winchester Co. were the kind with access to certain substances, and he hated it.
“You don’t believe me” Dean sighs. “These past few weeks, they’ve been different. I’ll be honest, I thought I’d enjoy going back to the way things were before..
"He laughed at my sins, in his arms I must stay."
“Oh, I don’t. Well, I mean, I’ve seen him on tv and all but we’ve never actually met.”
“I thought you liked my nonsense chatter and inappropriate innuendoes?”
He nearly has a heart attack when the doorbell ringing is followed by Teddy absolutely losing it and barking away as if the world is about to end. Couldn’t Mr. Winchester have chosen a damned Dachshund or something?
“Yeah, that’s what I thought.”
“Relax,” Dean shushes again, “come here.”
Castiel doesn’t recognize any of the men gathered in what looks like an empty storage room. They don’t appear to be any of Mr. Winchester’s staff which, unfortunately, is
* Chapter 11 : Calm after the storm - Common Linnets
Dean had seemed shaken, out of it even, something unseen for a man so occupied with remaining composed at any given moment, as if life’s only purpose is to serve up a flawless act of self-preservation. But then comes the big finale and the curtains close.
Not only tonight’s celebration, piled up efforts from previous months, too. Everything from the secrecy to the illegalities, and from the fights to the feelings. “I’m happy for you, Cassie, really, I am.”
“But it’s-“
"You better stay clever if you wanna survive."
“Time for what, Gabriel?”
He knew both pieces of paper officially weren’t legally binding in the court of law but for a man like Dean Winchester, capable of embezzling millions of dollars and finding no shame in rolling with gangs, making these seem viable probably was as simple as cooking an egg.
Looking away from him might not do Cas any good, he’s not a dumb pup, he knows not seeing Dean doesn’t mean the guy can’t see him in return but Hell, he’d take any pretend reassurance he can get right now, even if it simply means not having some one way eye-fucking going on as he gets undressed. Taking in another steadying breath of air, Castiel begins unbuttoning his shirt; quickly, as to not even remotely give off the wrong intentions hinting at it being sensual.
All it takes is one nod from Dean.
* Chapter 05 : Satisfied - Reignwolf
No matter how foreign it might feel, to have strong muscles push back against his every move instead of gentler curves and small tits kneaded between his impatient, horny grasp, this feels right. It feels like it’s always meant to be. “Fuck, you’re hot, Cassius” whispers Darius as his fingers glide through the damp hear beneath him and his blue eyes find the matching ones in the dark.
A tear falls down. “I don’t want to have sex” Cas says as he wipes it from his chin.
* Chapter 13 : Keeping me alive - Jonathan Roy
“When will he be here?”
* Chapter 12 : Run in the rain - Tom Grennan
Castiel had a vague idea. Not roses and comfort, but rather images of blood and gore, of torture, agony and fear, his body mauled by angry possessive hands before the unrecognizable parts get burned and scattered as if they were meaningless ashes from a burning cigarette hanging between disinterested lips.
Mr. Romano got involved, so did his men, inevitably leading to Mr. Winchester having to step in as well. And back then, when spoken of ‘Mr. Winchester’ one was still referring to John Winchester.
“Your husband invited me. Congrats, by the way!”
And that’s one of the last times he’d seen his dad.
“I suppose you’re right, and I’m sorry. I’ll have to take that into consideration from now on.”
“What were you thinking?”
“God dammit, what is wrong with me?!”
“Deal.”
* ...
* Chapter 22 : Damn your eyes - Beth Hart
“Send the details to me in a text” is all he has the breath for to say before hanging up.
(See the end of the chapter for
He seems to hesitate for a moment, unsure, before stepping out of the room and Castiel stupidly, desperately wonders if maybe he’s about to be saved.
* Chapter 12 : Run in the rain - Tom Grennan
Dean turns to face him this time and stays silent for a moment, as if unsure of what to say, the looks shared only speaking loudly enough through split seconds of comfort. “How are you feeling?”
Not even a full twelve hours ago was he kissing an abuser and- longing for more. What was he thinking? He can live with his own mistakes, no matter how painful those might turn out for him, but there’s something more here, he isn’t the only person affected by this.
The whole thing had destroyed his family. Even now, as he stares at a picture where his father is in the frame as well, he can still see the shame on the old man’s face and it hurts just as much today as it did back then when the news of his admission to rehab was front-page worthy.
Dean sits down instead and takes a gulp of Scotch. “Anyway, as I was saying. You’re lucky. The doctor said you’ll be fine.”
“Come to bed,” Dean says eventually, “my bed.”
He thought keeping an injured, harmless man within the bounds of the property was a pretty straight-forward command but yet somehow, Paula managed to mess up. She’s too soft and it resulted in Novak sneaking out. Yes, he merely went to have dinner with his brother but Castiel could have escaped, could have gone to the cops. Who knows what he even told that other guy and-
* Chapter 19 : Where the river ends - OTEP
The minute Anna spots him coming down the intricately carved stairs, she smiles at him and immediately starts working on the drink, already knowing Castiel is on his way to order for Mr. Winchester, same as every morning.
the scene is over. Recovery is all about reassurance on how much more beautiful life will be as you stare at a thirty day milestone chip while bullshitting your way through some motivational speech, pretending you’re not still falling apart. Though, end of the line is a chance at getting clean, leaving it all behind. And that’s what matters here: the possibility of terminating the contract.
“No, no, don’t worry about it! I’m sorry, Gabe, just really tired.”
* Chapter 06 : Horns - Bryce Fox
“No drugs. That includes liquor. Are we clear?”
“You said that your husband is feeling ill, correct?”
(See the end of the chapter for
* Chapter 02 : Broken bones - Kaleo
It takes another few seconds of daggers being shot back and forth but the British man eventually sits back down, never taking his eyes off of Mr. Winchester when he growls out his response. “Alpha Seven, on the Banks.” Castiel has no idea what that ensues but there seems to be a moment of consideration. However, the response is clear and stiff. “No” Mr. Winchester decides and just like that, tension skyrockets again. This time, the two men stare each other down as if they’re daring the other to waver under the pressure of silent threats. Dean doesn’t budge.
“You know the drill, Novak.”
Five simple words.
“Are you alright, Cassie?”
“What? Does he spank you, too? Put you over his knee when you’ve been naughty?”
bad sign and a clear indication his years of being clean got caught in the line of fire created by temptation. Relapsing would be about the worst thing that could possibly happen right now yet as he stares at the glass in his hands, Cas can’t find a solid reason not to drink its contents within.
“I didn’t- I didn’t do anything.”
The list of medications Dr. Beaumont prescribes him after all is said and done is again something Castiel doesn’t feel one hundred percent comfortable with. He will have to chose between letting this mix of antibiotics and painkillers knock him down for the coming two weeks and therefore: make him even more vulnerable
“Thank you,” he says quietly, and that’s when Dean notices he’s still holding on to Castiel’s arm. He lets go and a blush covers his freckles almost completely.
”Well,” Dean said, sighing at the view of Manhattan through his 12th story hotel window. There was something in Anna’s voice that made him hesitate, and then lie. He didn’t want to come off too eager - or a stalker, for the matter. ”I don't know. Do you have any relatives or anything near here so you could possibly meet up with me as you meet up with them?”
“Come on,” Dean says, and leads him down the narrow stairs to a small kitchen below the deck. He goes in first, but as soon as they’re both in Dean crowds Castiel against the door. They’re not touching — by reflex, Castiel leans against the door and loudly slams it shut — but Dean’s hands are on each side of his head, palms on the door, his breath all over Castiel’s skin.
“Okay. Let me explain. You’re amazing. You’re heartbreaking, you’re controversial, you’re an uncommon sight. We want that at our party,” Sam says.
Now the sky was overcast, like it tended to stay in October, flowers were replaced by pumpkins and skeletons and Castiel was
“And when you let me beat you in chess.”
”I screw up everything and everyone I ever get involved with, alright? I don’t want that with you, Cas. You’re too damn important.”
. It was the storm after the calm after the storm. It was Hell after Sanctuary.
“I think I’m fine,” Castiel said, his voice filled with wavering resolution, “I don’t think-”
Dean grins and nods. “I guess that’d be cool.”
“You flirt more than you breathe, silly,” Castiel huffs, “you can't blame me for not taking it seriously.”
“Then come get me,” Dean answered. Castiel shuffled closer to the tree, barely hesitating, and when he was just a couple of feet away, Dean launched himself up, jumped onto the back of the couch and leaped back on the floor, and through the kitchen, and through the dining hall again, and up the stairs and into the master bedroom, and to the walk-in closet that connected to another bedroom. There, he fell down and let his momentum slide him under the bed.
-out? On a date?”
They’ve known each other forever, and Castiel has never felt he has given something of himself away. Instead, James seems to fully realize who he is, and even more, make him more like himself. It doesn’t really make sense, but it’s got something to do with home. When all that was left from James was the ring Castiel got from him, that was his home. If all these years ended up with them finally meeting — preferably, with both of them awake — all the heartache, and all the longing would be worth it.
“Supply provider, long story short,” he says.
The battle of dominance is far from over. Dean pushes Castiel against the cold tiles of the wall behind them, running the palms of his hands over his sides and down his hips. Their kisses are turning more frantic, more desperate now, but they haven’t reached the absolute breaking point yet. Dean’s tongue feels intoxicating against Castiel’s, and experimentally, he bites and sucks it for a second and whoa, okay, that’s a lot closer to the breaking point. Castiel sways his hips against Dean’s, realizing fully well how aroused they both are right now.
“Well, it just so happens that these tenants could drop three month's rent in advance. Just to get a headstart on that family life,” Dean says. Was he listening through the whole time Castiel had been struggling with the McLeods?
“You’d be surprised. Some construction workers back in the States are the real fighters.”
“What?” Castiel turns his head quickly enough for his neck to snap a little. “You took a party with one week of preparation time?”
“I know this is a situation that could become really awkward really fast.”
There’s one damn you too many, Castiel notes absently. He distracts himself by sending Sam a quick message. It’s almost like he’s in control of the situation. He recalls feeling like that sometimes during their college-time conversations — it didn’t matter how suggestive the themes got, Castiel was firmly in control if the result was to throw James off his balance for a while. It was harmless, and heated, and private.
It was not the first time Bartholomew had said something like this. Sometimes, when they were sitting side by side on a couch, he’d say something along the lines of ‘you’ve gathered a belly there’ but left it at that — and had Castiel confused about whether he thought gaining weight was something Castiel shouldn’t be doing. At times, these remarks had him run an extra mile or leave pastries uneaten, but never enough for it to form into an unhealthy obsession. Now, for the first time, though, Bartholomew had added an extra sentence; gaining weight wasn’t welcome, and he’d need to watch what he ate.
“There was an accident,” Dean says. His voice is careful, perfectly controlled.
But ballet is a ruthless field, and soon enough Castiel was no longer needed in shows or competitions; when he was twenty he was kindly told to make way for new faces. It didn’t bother him too much — it was the name of the game.
“Of course. He,” Castiel’s voice falters and he turns to her, “Charlie, he asked me out and I told him to fuck off because I didn’t want him to practice on me.”
“I know, I know.”
Dean frowns while he talks, but he doesn’t seem hurt. Still, Castiel needs to address this issue.
Does this mean he has to tell Dean he lied last weekend?
“You should eat your greens, at least,” Castiel sighs, mostly to himself. Dean gives him a reprimanding look, but they fall silent for a moment and their drinks arrive in the meantime.
Castiel frowns. “Alright, I’m done with my conversation with Naomi. They should be here in an hour or two. I do have another personal question, though, to replace the first one.”
”Whatever. Get dressed.”
“Cas—”
He wraps himself a little tighter in his blanket and breathes in the scent of wool. The fire has reduced to embers now and soon, it’s going to get cold – the cabin has no electricity. Just last week, Dean was picking up a new batch of firewood with him, and now…
There’s messages from both Dean and Charlie, but nothing out of the ordinary. Dean was reluctant to leave him alone, but after he was convinced that Castiel could make it by himself, he left with promises to check up on him through the phone. He’ll meet them in no time, so he doesn’t bother answering now.
And of the all the things he could've chosen to say, he chose
He sighs and takes his phone from his pocket. James has been present all day, and Castiel really hopes it will stay that way.
“Sorry you’re into dudes, my man,” she smiles and hands him the glass.
“We do have those ayurvedic ready-made blends again, Castiel,” Meg says while she’s walking towards the register with her customer. “Took them back in after New Year.”
Dean closes the trunk lid and leans against the car with his palms.
For some reason, Castiel isn’t bothered by this. He knows he needs to get home as soon as possible and do nothing for the remainder of the day, but the thought of a giant party that is his responsibility makes him happy. He can get back to doing what he knows best, and probably sink his teeth into the task deep enough for him to forget anything had ever been wrong.
“Absolutely,” Dean said, suddenly afraid of this interaction ending already. “Bring it on.”
It makes Castiel tired, too. He might not choke on his first five minutes of diaphragm breathing now, but he’s still way off from making it automatic. They didn’t talk about serious issues, but he feels socially drained. As he walks home, he realizes he might need a couple of days off until he’s ready to contact the outside world again.
No matter how calm Castiel feels about the party after talking to James, all anxiety returns instantly when they step in through the revolving doors of Winchester, Inc.
”I know you're not. I know your family, kind of. We lived in the same town for a while, you know.”
Rowena barks out a laugh that echoes through the hall, gets up and reaches out her arms. Castiel goes in for the hug, although it makes him slightly uncomfortable.
“It’s been that time since eight, thank you very much. Alright, get your ass in here. Bring some takeout, we’re all hungry.”
If this was a different scenario -- if there were no James in his life, and he was stronger and more complete as a person -- he would probably be hooking up with Dean. So he’s possibly a bit jealous of those who are free to do so.
”What do you mean?” he decided to ask. He heard Castiel hum.
It’s been silent for a while when Castiel returns. He can see the table, finished and turned around and now proudly standing in the empty space, but before he can move closer, he hears Dean’s voice.
Of course, that was an exaggeration. He couldn't know if Castiel wasn't a murderer, waiting to strangle him while he relaxed under the massage bar. He couldn't know if Castiel had a kink of rendering men helpless under his hands, and he'd be thrown out into the snow in a bathrobe.
The thought almost makes him cry, and he blinks hard a couple of times to keep the tears at bay. Not now. He’ll not be the guy who cries during sex.
“Has nobody listened to you?”
What would Jane do in this situation?
“Wow. Uh, I’m sorry.”
“No, but I need to.”
Like coming home.
It’s the warmest, most private smile Castiel’s seen in forever; it’s like his eyes light up, as if he sees someone he truly likes — it’s the look he gave Castiel during their solstice trip to the meadow. To hide both his confusion and abashment, Castiel stares at his bare feet for a while.
“…an ass, yes. Well, you can make it up to me,” Dean says, raising his eyebrow. “It’s quiet.”
Sam rolls his eyes. “Yeah. So, I can’t say anything. And by that, I mean
For some reason, knowing Sam will be around eases his mind. If all else fails, at least he’ll have a yoga instructor to guide him through some exercises while he’s passing out backstage.
Castiel wakes up to see the sun rise and feels arms still around him. They’ve only been resting for about  five hours and he could get back to sleep, but instead he turns to watch Dean. He’s fast asleep, eyelids moving in a REM phase, his breathing easy and slow.
“I’m not agitated.”
“I wanted to do my own laundry. I didn’t want to bother people anymore.”
and go give The Artist
“No, I absolutely refuse to listen to you. I am insulted, and hurt, and embarrassed enough to evaporate any second now.”
”I work at Lowe’s over at Kansas City,” Castiel sighs, keeping his voice dark. ”And I forgot my employee card at home.”
”Is there a difference?”
“Are you feeling this?” he asks Castiel, who shrugs.
about Castiel-
“Another conversation for that coffee date then?”
Now, Dean’s seen people look at him in envy, and in shock, and in awe, and in admiration. He’s met a lot of people who consider him either a good or a bad person by face value, and he’s met the wrath of people who he mistreated. Still, there’s nothing that could’ve prepared him for the way Novak looks at him.
“I would like to talk to my Giselle. Is that coffee invitation still valid?”
”Yes, I know and that’s why I’m wearing the gloves, too. Everyone has a soulmate but sometimes it’s easier to not touch skin.”
“Let’s try to breathe a little.”
“I put up a fence already,” Dean says, “we’re safe.”
It’s quite a bomb to drop so lightly, but as Dean gratefully takes the bamboo plate handed to him and starts dipping a rice cake into the soup, Castiel decides they’re over the serious part of the conversation for the night.
“Yes,” Castiel says. “Yes to all of those. Heaven is whatever you want it to be. For some people, it’s people sitting on a cloud behind pearly gates. For some, it’s a never-ending party or a giant city where you and all your friends live. Depends on your belief, really.”
“Oh, I should watch that movie again,” Kevin says. “I wonder how much I’ll get angry this time.”
“Eyes on the road,” Castiel says, and stutters out a breath. No point in denying it now. “Eileen noticed my ring. It’s working again.”
He can’t be here when Dean wakes up.
and that’s both thrilling and frightening.
“Now, come here,” he continues, stepping in front of Castiel and gently sliding his hands on his forearms before locking fingers around his wrists. Castiel is being pulled forward, and the acoustics change; there’s rustles and shuffles around them, like they’re in a really narrow closet space. Dean lets go to drop their bags on the floor, and more shuffling ensues before he speaks again.
“I’m sorry, I don’t mean to sound mean,” Bart continued, as if the harm wasn’t already done, “but you bailed on me just when I was about to introduce you to someone. Now you- I don’t want to say you made me look bad, but…”
“I can’t wait to eat, to be honest. I don’t think those cinnamon buns make for an optimized breakfast.”
“Dean, I…”
“I’m sorry for keeping you here like this.”
They eat in comfortable silence, only exchanging notions about the food. Seagulls soon zoom in on them, making it hard to concentrate on eating. Castiel packs most of the food back into one of the paper bags, tossing the two others in the trash. When he returns to the table, Meg is talking.
“There’s a staff meeting tomorrow I need to attend. I guess I’ll know more after that.”
”That was stupid, you know,” the man said then, ”must be one of the worst things I've ever heard.”
“Then he misunderstood me. I’m sorry you had to come here for this. It’s really not necessary for you to try to talk me over. I know you’ll do great.”
He looked back and noticed the party still continuing indoors. He was in no mood to head back yet, and he secretly hoped someone – preferably Castiel, but anyone would do – would join him as he started walking. He made sure to keep the cottage in his line of sight the further he went and navigated through tall pine trees. He hoped to get to an opening, so he'd have more sky to look at, but he couldn’t see any clearings directly ahead. So instead, he enjoyed the coldness of the air and the rustling of the branches up high.
“I know. I’ve fought my way here, and I’m not afraid.”
Castiel shakes his head rapidly. It’s too much. It’s all too much, way too soon. He squeezes his eyes shut, tries to keep his breathing somewhat under his control, grinds his teeth to root himself.
Castiel scoffs. “I bet there’s not. Although, I did see a comfortable seat on the way here.”
“This is such good news. Thank you, Charlie. I will leave you a key under the doormat.”
“We’ve met,” Gilda says, “oh my god. I - Of course I heard your name when you introduced yourself, Castiel, but I never thought to associate it with the Castiel that Charlie has been talking about. It’s next to impossible and I - I guess I just thought it’s a fashionable, rare name from somewhere in the eighties I-”
He rubs his fingertips together nervously, glances at the coffee maker and considers. If he reads the message now, he can reward himself with coffee and Jane. If he reads it tomorrow, he can distract himself with … with coffee, and Jane.
Dean pushes Castiel's shoulders gently to see his face again. “Now, will you move in with me?
“It’s not whatever. You know what’s at stake here.”
This time, James actually starts typing. It makes Castiel’s heart jump, but it also nauseates him.
“More often than not, yes, in my current state I’m more trouble than I’m worth.”
Castiel squinted again, this time at the roof. Then, he turned his gaze to Dean. The intensity of it was piercing.
”How you... How you plan out your life. I didn't plan to become an aquarium employee. I've always loved animals, but I thought I'd become something more dignified.”
He can still recall the first night he thought that it’s not worth all the hassle to have sex. It was a guy named Nick, and even though they hit it off at the bar, between the sheets it was just a lot of bodily fluids and stuttering breaths and instead of feeling nice, it felt
“Well, we’ve got that in common, then. I liked to be on my own, too, whenever it was possible. For me, though, it always included Sammy. We were always together.”
Castiel knows he’ll fall asleep the very second he closes his eyes, so he bravely gets onto his worn out feet, tosses the condom and gets a damp towel from the bathroom to clean them both up from the remains of Dean’s orgasm.
“And you don’t think I know that?”
“Yeah, the attack was bad. I couldn’t hear shit for a while. After I was done, he drove me home. It was embarrassing.”
Balthazar would be so pissed.
“I am not familiar with this, I guess. I’ve never had casual sex.”
It’s good. No, it’s perfect. Everything in Dean’s actions, from every gentle touch of his fingertips to the way his tongue gently slides across his lower lip makes Castiel feel like he’s cared for, liked, admired, cherished. It’s deceptive, but Castiel wants to enjoy this and forget the small sound in the back of his mind that tells him he’s not good enough to feel this good, and that Dean isn’t sure of that either; because otherwise, he’d chosen him already.
“Only thing worse than that is when people become musicians, or actors. That’s them trying to get off the hook.”
Dean is too nice and kind and angelic for his own good. Castiel hears him pack up both of their bags, whisper something to the lecturer and then lean back towards Castiel.
Whenever Castiel Novak sees Dean Winchester, his heart starts beating a little faster. He feels he could keep on staring at him forever – those poetry-inducing green eyes, that curve of his lips, and the freckles that makes Castiel wish he could kiss each one of them.
“Take all the time you need showering. I’ll bring you a bathrobe and leave you to it.”
”Because I never visited?”
“It’s possible that I’m bitter,” he sighs. Meg turns towards a box on the table and opens it to reveal chocolate inside. Shit, this is just getting better and better.
”No! Cas, please. Talk to me. Tell me more.”
“Did you sign a non-disclosure? Why can’t you talk?”
Castiel waited for a second for something to happen and then his phone buzzed almost violently. Dean was
“And I need to remember everything, Cas, I do.”
There’s guilt about James. Beautiful, wonderful James who’s most likely head over heels for him— and Castiel’s not completely cold towards him, either.
As if the universe was feeling Castiel's vibes and they were a little too comfortable right now, a girl in an angel costume appeared next to him. She was beaming at her phone and everything in her, from her flaming red hair to her Lord of the Rings replica ring screamed
It’s like the stars distort a little against the backdrop of a black sky. Walking forward, Dean can make out colors spinning around a black hole – it’s like what he imagines a vortex looks like, beautiful and deadly. There’s no doubt these things are dangerous; he’s pretty sure his arm would dissolve if he put it in.
“Hm?”
“Alright. I need you to be really coherent for this. Can you do that?”
By the time Christmas was over and the days kept on flying by, it felt like the whole world had dullened into different shades of muted brownish gray. It was not like Dean'd expect anything to happen on the next New Year's Eve as he left the office. He was still certain all celebration should be cancelled. As he stood at the tram stop, clenching his suitcase tight against his side, he let out an almost desperate sigh. Was this how it was going to be? Escaping life forever, like a pigeon on those YouTube videos?
”Wow,” she sighed, ”clearly, you've never left your apartment. This is what they call an aquarium. It's got live fishes in it and all. And why this place? I don't know. I like fishes. Also, I had an appointment across the street.”
Castiel smiled and headed back to the hallway. It was enormous and made Castiel, although he was pretty tall, look like the kid from Home Alone. Initially, Dean had thought this would be a double-floor house, and that much was true; still, some of the spaces had been merged to make tall rooms of both the hallway and the living room.
since I last danced the role.”
He makes it far into the afternoon before the guilt kicks in. Not only is he most likely responsible for James eventually leaving, he's responsible for ending up in this situation years later, where he's unable to leave the house. Before he can get into a full spin of guilt-caused anxiety, he puts Jane The Virgin on and indulges himself in plot twists.
“A friend would be nice, please,” Sam says, forcing half a grin on his face. “I don’t know why I’m so nervous tonight.”
Castiel obeys again, making his hands a palms-up cup.
Dean had always been so carefree on the outside. He’d been chill, and enthusiastic, and a bright person – but coupled with a fierce protectiveness over what’s dear to him had Castiel weak at the knees. He felt it tug his heart towards Dean when Sam came to them crying and Dean immediately left to speak to the authorities of Sam’s school about bullying; he felt it when Dean flipped off a bunch of dudes for catcalling Charlie; he felt it when they found a stray cat and needed to feed her until she found a new home.
God, Castiel needed to vent to Charlie. It had only been three days since he last let her hear all of it, and like the true internet friend that she was, she listened. After initially telling Castiel to get a grip and just tell Dean how he felt, she had been amazingly understanding, and ready to listen to whatever seemingly random thing Castiel was currently loving in Dean. All she wanted in exchange was an invitation to their upcoming wedding because that, for her, was an obvious thing of the future. Charlie was the kind of friend Castiel felt blessed to have, and with her, he could at least dream about Dean out loud.
“I don’t know. The thing is, I don’t get to think about these things. The second I do, something comes up at work. For now, I’m completely tied to it. Besides, the second I think about changing the path I’m on, I feel like a traitorous brother.”
Two-night-stands.
“So, you said I haven't seen the best parts of the house. Would you like to show me?”
”No need to speak. Here, take my hand.”
“What?”
I needed a burger last night?”
”Oh!” the man exclaimed, seeming thrown off by this realization, ”I'm sorry. My name is Castiel.”
Dean frowns, but then bursts out laughing.
He scrolls around some news articles while the laundry machine goes into a full on centrifuge drum solo. Nothing particular going on; although, in this day and age, it’s always better to just skim over the headlines and not get too deep in thought with them. There’s tons of things wrong in the world, and it makes Castiel feel selfish, too. He’s here, having an existential crisis and a meltdown, possibly depression to accompany his anxiety disorder, but there are much worse things going on in the world around him, and those things aren’t going to wait for him to get better.
“Yeah,” carding his fingers through Cas’ soft hair Dean brings his face closer, his body closer, his cock deeper within Dean. Breaths intermingling, kissing distractedly, the two men pet and praise each other. This joining is more quiet, more pure than anything before. With Cas dragging across his prostate, Dean holds on and chases the sweet rise of pleasure within. The friction of his cock trapped between their bodies heightens every slow thrust.
“You brought me coffee?”
Cas wants to scream. He’s hard, he’s to the point where his cock feels like a separate entity. It's so rock hard. He misses Dean so much and how can he miss someone he’s never actually been in physical presence before? He aches for him, longs for him.
“And also, I really like submitting to you,” Dean blushes and smiles at Cas reassuringly, “I’m usually the one who has to take care of everyone. It has been real fuckin’ nice for someone to take care of me, from giving me snacks at work to tying me up and spanking me.”
“Hey, now! Baby is a
It’s his turn to blush, “You wouldn’t bug me, Dean, I enjoy our calls.”
Dean’s worst nightmare was coming to fruition. He rescued Cas from the Empty. Defeated the annoyed vendetta-ridden cosmic entity and now… now his former angel is turning into a pot-smoking, orgy orchestrating, hippy human.
He’s convinced himself that Cas may be such a friendship that will roll back into his life, any day now.
“He’s with Eileen, he’s fine.”
Driving the Impala always relaxes Dean, the hum of the engine and roar of acceleration soothing something innate him in. It brings about a clarity of mind. Having his little brother in the passenger seat, bitchin’ about his choice of his music, and eating questionable diner food with him allows Dean to really think.
Sam could scream.
“Yeah, sure, Pop,” Sam states, helping him back up the back porch and into the house. The brothers look over Henry’s head and Sam grins at Dean.
Cas is a blur, washing the sweat from his earlier runoff, Dean ducks and picks up the clothes. Wringing the freezing water out of them. When Cas turns off the water, Dean scoops up the waterlogged sneakers.
“How do you even fit all of that in your mouth?” Cas guffaws.
Feeling beyond relieved, Cas can’t help but to smile which in turn causes Dean to smile in response. It’s a beautiful thing, to see Dean smile and for the nervousness and uneasiness to melt away.
“The color is sad,” Cas answers as if that makes sense.
“Yes,” Cas answers, more moan than words as Dean reaches down and strokes his cock through the flimsy material.
“We said no gifts this year, MeeMaw. We made donations in each other's names to our favorite charities,” Sam says smiling, it was his idea and Dean readily agreed because he is not the best giver. This year, though, he couldn’t stop himself for doing something for the people who have supported him and stood by him.
* Chapter 01: Not afraid - Tommee Profitt
At the bottom are just two little words; ‘source: unknown’, but he knows exactly who’s behind it.
* Chapter 07 : What he wrote - L. Marling
“What do you want from me?” was all Castiel had been able to come up with. A mistake he’s still bitterly thinking about as he’s quite literally left to stew in his own juices. It had only agitated Mr. Winchester even further. The very little patience that was there in the first place ran out, the time for mind games came to an end, and for once, that wasn’t a good sign.
“No, of course not, Mr. Winchester. I’ll do everything in my power-“
“What in the hell were you thinking, Novak?! No, you just shut up and listen! This was my one chance, my one chance, at getting my company out there and you blew it! You should count yourself lucky Mr. Winchester isn’t dragging your ass to court!”
“Hey, Gabriel. Yes, yes- listen, I’m good, now listen. I’ve got some news.”
“Just look at him!” Mr. Winchester shouts again as he violently pushes himself away from plaything #1 and points at chew toy #2. “Fucking look at him! That man is nothing more than a scumbag who was about to stick his dirty little cock in some virgin, underage pussy! Look at him!”
Or maybe they do, but are too afraid to speak up.
that sounded. But Castiel isn’t some obedient, little bitch. He was going to show the prick that not everyone was willing to kiss his ass. So, as fake as he can, with a voice even more soft and needy, he shoots back. “What would you like me to do about it, Mr. Winchester?” Even going as far as to not-so-innocently fluttering his dark eyelashes in the process.
Playlist so far:
his body has been deprived of it for so long.
* Chapter 16 : We've got tonight - Bob Seger
* Chapter 06 : Horns - Bryce Fox
“If you don’t sign this, I will destroy you.” Mr. Winchester had whispered in his ear. Slow and deep before running his thumb over Castiel’s bruised cheek, pushing down the entire length of the painful area. “And this,” he chuckled while forcefully grabbing Castiel’s hand and pressing it to the small of his back where something was hooked under his belt, “this ain’t a fake one. And yes, it’s loaded. Now tell me,
* Chapter 11 : Calm after the storm - Common Linnets
* Chapter 08 : Mercy - S.Mendes (acoust.)
Castiel goes quiet, eyes suddenly interested in his half-empty plate. “Gabe…”
Midway through the flirting, sexually inappropriate comments and general male bravado, does Mr. Winchester suddenly notice that despite Mr. Wesson being long gone, Mr. Novak is still right there, staring him down with daggers in dark blue eyes.
cloud of emotions and turmoil as they stare at one another for a few endless seconds.
“What a good boy you’ve got.”
Though, there’s something you should know about the world-renowned Dean Winchester: he’s the kind of guy that has people begging to be acknowledged by him, even if it’s just a split second of eye contact or a vague grunt in their general direction, it didn’t matter. Employees spared no shame in trying their very best to please and serve, hoping one day
” the Dominic Toretto looking type emphasises for him as if he’s a dumb child incapable of recognizing a threat when being intimidated by one. A glistening gun tucked tightly against the guard’s flank is all the convincing he needs.
Dean almost throws a bitch-fit. “Good for you” he says sarcastically, “why don’t you eat it then?”
“Yeah, yes. Thank you.”
“Yeah- yes. Burns, indeed.”
* Chapter 03 : Monsters - Ruelle (acoust.)
Too bad he, and the man he’s been ordered to kill, seem to be the only ones on that very mind.
(See the end of the chapter for
He was on his knees before he even had the chance to catch his breath, still wiping tears from flushed cheeks as his jaw was forced open by probing fingers quickly followed by an already semi hard cock. Punishment was inevitable, that much he’d figured out after jeopardizing their entire scheme by getting so publicly upset, but Castiel would take a beating over having his mouth raped any day.
He doesn’t know what’s more ridiculous; that thing being named Teddy or it having its own private bedroom apparently. “Ain’t he just a peach? Named after Ted Bundy.” Castiel doesn’t really want to ask why, he just hopes the namesake didn’t stem from a similar body count but Dean just shrugs at the question, further playing off of Cas’s fear for the animal.
When the second time of asking the same question results in an actual nod, Dean doesn’t fully pull away despite their need for theatre being long expired along with the woman’s presence. He lets his fingers glide over skin turning cold under the evening breeze without a care in the world as if the possibility of someone seeing them has turned from a dangerous something into an unimportant, and perhaps even exciting one. “Alright, let’s go home” he finally agrees.
The CEO looks almost apologetic when he nods. “We had to lure them out, Cas, I hope you understand. At least this way we knew it was coming and we were prepared.”
As much as the words cut through the already tense air and make his gut feel even heavier than before, they’re also a whirlwind of confusing concern stemming from a man who previously appeared incapable of such.
The pause that follows is long and utterly, devastatingly useless in preventing the inevitable because even if they weren’t gagged to silence, Cas is sure neither he himself, nor the other man would have dared to speak up. It’s almost as if Dean somehow still expects an answer, current habits of being a self-possessed egomaniac don’t die young, I guess.
* Chapter 01: Not afraid - Tommee Profitt
For a second, Castiel thinks this is the moment he’d been waiting for and Dean’s snide remark about not being able to afford some drug addict ruining the business makes him believe he’s in for a good lecture even more but further reprimand remains absent.
“So, you’ve heard.”
“At, uh, a business event.”
“Ah, doctor is here! You, stay.”
He can do this. It certainly isn’t his first rodeo, yet Mr. Winchester can’t seem to shake his nerves this time around. Everything from the cameras and the crowd to the cheers and blinding lights should- no,
He likes it when they fight back, entertain him, you know? He enjoys the challenge.
“I’m not your property” Castiel breathes out softly after trying his hardest to look for purity in the man but finding not the pieces of goodness he was searching for, only his own broken pieces instead. “I’m not your property!” he repeats more courageously this time.
* Chapter 01: Not afraid - Tommee Profitt
He’s okay. Everything’s okay.
“Gabe! For fuck’s sake. Stop, just- no. I wasn’t allowed to say anything because we couldn’t risk this getting out to the press. Do you understand, or is your teenage brain too wired on sex for you to even think straight anymore?”
* Chapter 13 : Keeping me alive - Jonathan Roy
“Alright, let’s call it a night.” Dean barks at the guards once they’re out of the foyer. Three men scramble right away, getting everything in order from bringing the cars around to ensuring the chosen exit is free to use all while their employer’s safety is closely monitored without fault. It’s in that moment Cas realizes these men would probably use him as a human shield should there ever be any sense of danger threatening the princess’s ass over there.
“I’ll be there, Gabriel.”
The dangerous terrain currently surrounding them doesn’t leave Castiel much choice other than to be quiet and listen because one wrong word could give him away and ruin something that doesn’t just provide the grave but the actual bullet.
“I told you to shut your mouth, Novak!”
Gets cut off by the phone snapping both of them back to reality.
fire you.” It’s low and it’s predatory and leaves no room for argument. “Keep your opinions to yourself.”
“Home. Then drop him off.”
“Cassie?”
Castiel is absolutely exhausted the following morning. Their so called engagement party had continued well into the night and it had taken everything out of him to fill hour after hour with forced smiles and good behaviour. His thighs were bruised, blue and purple seeping down once unstained skin from where Mr. Winchester had dug his nails into them all night. For every made up story Dean produced for the guests at their table, there was a quiet warning to keep smiling, taking its form through hurtful tweaks and grasps hidden under marble tops.
* Chapter 03 : Monsters - Ruelle (acoust.)
And in the blink of an eye, Castiel feels himself being dug deeper and deeper into the ground, as if with every new word, Gabriel shovels clear the path to a grave he doesn’t even know he’s digging.
* Chapter 02 : Broken bones - Kaleo
It sounds miles away when there’s someone ringing his doorbell. To Castiel, it might as well be with how sore his entire body is. Every shift against the covers hurts as it pulls on his aching muscles and torn skin so even thinking about walking all the way to the front of his house makes him tense up.
* Chapter 11 : Calm after the storm - Common Linnets
“I want to go home.”
* Chapter 10 : Bloody city - Sam Tinnesz
But what do they know, right? The same boss they drool over and worship, has more blood on his hands than the murderers they read about in the papers and fear. They’re oblivious to what goes on in Mr. Winchester’s private life, to what he does to Castiel when no one’s watching.
“Smile,” Dean winks at him, “it is your wedding day after all.”
* Chapter 10 : Bloody city - Sam Tinnesz
You see, tonight is important.
He hasn’t even shrugged the shirt off his shoulders completely when the comment he’d been waiting for gets barked at him. Even with him anticipating it, it still whips against his already beaten skin. “What the hell happened to you?” Mr. Winchester sneers, unmistakably asking about the dark bruises curling all around Cas’s side and up his ribs. Before he can answer, he gets cut off, the man demanding answers as to who caused the injuries.
The next time Castiel wakes up, he’s in a hospital room.
“Yeah,” Gabriel chuckles, “scared the hell out of me! Don’t ever do that again.”
It began with their fight in New York, with Castiel breaking down and every request for drugs being firmly denied by a fed up Dean. They’d gone on for nearly an hour, up to a point where bodyguards had to come between them when things threatened to become too heated, ultimately avoiding further damage in the eye of the storm.
Sure, Sam Wesson was a strict boss who yelled at him more than once, who even grabbed or yanked him harshly on a number of occasions but it had never phased him, Castiel always felt like he’d done something to deserve it and he was more than clever enough to know that a still relatively young company needed to be at its best 24/7 to insure success, no room for errors.
“Now, I have another announcement for you.” Mr. Winchester smiles, looking right at the dozens of cameras, eyes twinkling whilst the crowd starts murmuring in excitement. “I’d finally like to introduce someone to the world, someone very dear to me.” The fucker even goes so far as to take in a deep breath, pretending to get a little overwhelmed before extending his hand towards where Castiel is standing between the hundreds of high society guests, staring up at him. “Mr. Novak.”
“Talk to me.” Mr. Winchester says breaking the silence, then adding a growled ‘now’ accompanied by a painful squeeze to emphasise it wasn’t a request. After that, his thumb immediately falls back into the steady rhythm of brushing up and down along Cas’ sweater where it sticks to the clammy skin beneath.
The meetings, the buzzing workspace, nothing seems to have changed in the weeks Castiel was gone, every employee still strutting through those hallways thinking they mean anything- to Mr. Winchester, that is- while in fact, that man couldn’t care less about them.
“The Hell I did! You got beaten up? Some guys saw your sissy ass and decided to make you cry for mommy? I asked you a question, Mr. Novak. How’d you get those bruises?”
Mr. Winchester takes a step back after his outburst in order to put some space between them, Cas reckons. After all, they’re still in a quiet neighborhood with curious onlookers just one door away and strangling your fake husband in public probably isn’t very good for your image.
Castiel knows he’s right, knows he’d never win in court and that the best case scenario would be his career ruined with the possibility of a hefty, monetary fine on top.
“Yes, sir.”
Seeing Gabe make an utter fool of himself while Cas sat at the bar drinking some overpriced liquor was enough entertainment for him anyway. It made him forget about any worries he might be having and seeing how happy his brother was after managing to take home a lady was easily the best reward.
“Thanks, asshole. I appreciate it.”
“Fuck, I never even asked. What do you like?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Luxury comes at a prize apparently, that price being awkwardness and uncomfortable silence because you see, cars like these were specifically made to be quiet. Mr. Winchester might not care, he hadn’t said a word to Castiel all night anyway and probably doesn’t give a single fuck, but for Cas on the other hand, it brought along a great deal of anxiety.
* Chapter 04 : Control - Halsey
“You were acting all weird. For a second I thought you- you were using again and-“
“Too bad such a body is wasted on a person like you.”
“I won’t keep you any longer, sir. Was there anything else you would like to discuss with me?”
(See the end of the chapter for
was putting it lightly when talking about how that very hand would gently rest against his side when they were facing yet another aristocrat of sorts, but held him with a grip capable of bruising whenever no onlooker was there to see, pinching painfully in-between friendly chatter and plastic smiles. If Castiel didn’t know better, the act was almost believable.
Then again, if something looks too good to be true, it mostly is. Especially when its foundation has been laid by actions no one speaks of in fear of being heard, because in Mr. Winchester’s world, knowledge is power and that can be a dangerous thing.
Castiel thinks to himself. Yeah, the piss-poor circumstances in the forty-eight hours after the initial injury had not been ideal, neither had the care afterwards been, but they were ‘just’ some second degree burns, was it really necessary to be coddled like a fragile child?
“Yeah, it’s good to be back” he lies.
Through his boss’s desperate string of apologies and pleas, Cas now doesn’t even hold back to roll his eyes at Dean’s theatrical drama unfolding in the conference room, all that’s missing are the forced tears he’s just waiting on to fall. Exit, pursued by a dick.
* Chapter 09 : Miracle - The Score
“Oh, yeah! Yeah. Wanna go someplace quiet?”
“Hi, Cassius” the group of unknown faces echoes.
Castiel struggles to fall back asleep,
“You know that’s not it, Gabe! Or did you forget
“How are you feeling?”
It’s a soft question, careful, as he removes himself from the table and approaches her while gently pushing past the barrier she tries to put between him and whatever truth she’s hiding. “It’s okay, you can tell me.”
He can’t even finish before the man in question has him wrapped up in a hug so tight it’s on the verge of hurting him. “I thought you were-“ “I know,” Dean whispers, pulling him impossibly closer, “everything’s okay now.” Them wearing the most expensive suits out of an already priceless collection doesn’t seem to be an obstacle here as Dean lets Castiel cry on his shoulder for however long is needed. In truth, the suits, or one of them at least, had been ruined already. Not by tears, but by bullets.
So he lays in bed and thinks harder than he’s ever had to do in his life because if he’s doing this, if he’s right about this, he’s got exactly one shot at it but miss.. and the consequences will most likely be deadly. It’ll come down to having to outsmart the one person who, for the past months, has been able to outsmart him in just about every single way.
expensive. Dessert is a shot of their finest bourbon.
If he wasn’t blacking out, Castiel might actually be impressed. “Ngh, fuck!” Mr. Winchester groans as he yanks Castiel off his dick and lets the convulsing body drop to the floor, only caring about his pleasure, jerking his hand quickly before eventually coming with a final push of his hips. Dean is even so kind as to rub the still warm cum all over the face it got aimed at; through the wounds, over the panting lips, even up into the sore and used mouth. “Fucking slut.”
But all Castiel can do for now, is think.
, we’ll be out of here before the guy even arrives! So tell me, honestly, what’s going on between you two? Is he forcing you to do things you don’t want?”
* Chapter 24 : ...
Going up against Mr. Winchester was a battle he couldn’t win but when Paula breathed some new air into his lungs by telling him the man’s one weakness, Castiel had felt that vaguely familiar surge of energy pushing into his veins hit by hit, and for the first time in months; he felt indestructible.
“Call me sir again.”
* Chapter 10 : Bloody city - Sam Tinnesz
“Gabe, will you shut up?!”
with the prospect of an earlier recovery.
Oh, how fragile hope is easily shattered.
“Y-yes?”
If it wasn’t for the estimated 17.5 million he’d make out of this business idea in the first two years after launching, Mr. Winchester would have given up on the board meetings, negotiations and endless paperwork a long time ago. But truth be told, he had a fortune to uphold and more importantly: a reputation to keep.
Right as footsteps start echoing down the hallway, there’s a firm hand squeezing Castiel’s arm and Paula pulls him closer urgently. Her breath is quick against his cheek, fingers now digging into his muscles, a clear tremble in her voice as she whispers;
Castiel glares at his brother. For once, Gabriel is not sugar coating it and not treating him like a child, exactly as Cas had asked of him countless of times, though now that the truth is out, it hurts. “He fucking kicked me out, Gabe!”
Castiel was his to play with and his alone.
Fuck, is he happy to hear that voice. Simply knowing the man is there to take him back nearly makes him start sobbing with pure joy and relief but as soon as determined arms pick him up, Castiel can do nothing but scream and cry out when his body gets manhandled, heated chest pressed against another.
(See the end of the chapter for
He knows the young man before him isn’t his though, Jack is Dean’s and whoever he knocked up as a teenager. (Sam wasn’t forthright with that part of the story, just that the person cut and ran on Dean as soon as Jack was born.)
switched, Sammy. Now call your girlfriend for a solution,” he barks out.
“No,” Dean states firmly, “Cas, go back upstairs. I can’t leave Sammy. Dad… Dad will turn on him instead. Find fault in him knowing.”
Strong hands hold Dean’s hips steady, tongue lathing and tasting his erection. Castiel swirls and bobs, sucks noisily, and he moans around Dean’s dick causing it to vibrate. Castiel takes Dean to the edge and then backs off, giving soft kisses and letting Dean breathe and come back down. He does this several times, edging Dean closer and closer to his release and then calming Dean down. Pausing the sexy torture, Castiel places sucking kisses at his tip, making Dean moan loudly.
“Dean?” His father's sounds at the top of the stairs, commanding and deep, “Everything alright?”
He’s ashamed of it, but Castiel had severe cases of syphilis, trichomoniasis, and chlamydia. His sex life before the ruttery had been limited, just two lovely people in college. Castiel had liked sex, but he hadn’t sought it out frequently because he strongly believed in
Eeek! Cain! I love him. And Missouri. Lovely supporting characters! I love Sam and Castiel's emotional intimacy. It screams loving family to me. What are you guys thinking?
“I think that’s smart,” Dean states, pressing his lips into Sam’s hair.
Silence reigns over the telephone, he can hear Castiel’s staccato breathing. Dean stays quiet, connected, until the Alpha’s breathing evens out and he can sense that the Alpha is calm once again. Dean slides under his covers, into his nest and closes his eyes. Picturing the Alpha in his own bed, hopefully the blood wiped clean from his face and his wounds tended to.
All the scents together smell like family, but the awakening in his blood doesn’t care about that… his Alpha too focused on the sweet earthy smell of Omega. Castiel can feel his erection, weighing heavily between his legs and he palms it through his jeans… sharp pleasure bursts, making him gasp, and he drops his hand like his groin is on fire.
Jack sniffles and buries his face into Cas chest even more, Cas’ huffing and petting Jack’s head and down his back, Jack’s arm dangling limply at his side. “Those assholes broke my arm, Dad,” he pitifully cries.
Groaning, Cas wrings his hands and says mostly to himself but staring at the cameramen, “I’m trying. This is very different from dancing on stage.”
“They need to know they can’t touch you like that,” Dean seethes, “You aren’t a piece of meat, being gay or whatever.”
“I’m going to gag you,” Castiel instructs, picking up one of the silk ties and drawing it across Dean’s abused lips. The dark blue silk feels cool.
“Well…” Cas laughs, “I answered it how you normally do when Sam calls.”
Weaving through the Saturday morning crowd, his heart sinks when he finds the familiar lemonade and honey stand. Castiel isn’t standing there, instead there is a small brunette with a huge smile.
“Well, it depends,” Henry says tentatively, “Was the requirement to write APA? Or MLA? Students are required to write in a professional way.”
“No! I’m not a home wrecker.”
“Is there still lube in there?” Dean asks, taking another large gulp. He’s pretty much done, so he puts it to the side.
Castiel has a type and the elder Winchester, though he has yet to see him in person, fits that type to a T. People who are physically big, fair, with an arresting smile are Castiel’s weakness. The Beta and Alpha in college had been classmates, one even a Fraternity brother, and their similarities to Dean are enough for Cas to pause and feel a little flustered with himself. He tells himself that he has done nothing, that there is nothing to be ashamed about if it’s all in his head… it’s just admiration and enjoying the beauty of another Alpha. Castiel knows it is unusual for Alphas to enjoy men regardless of secondary gender, he’s been ridiculed before so he will definitely be keeping this infatuation to himself. Castiel has been drilled that Alphas are to like Omegas, and Omegas only.
They had a nasty argument in the kitchen, something about whether the case they were working on was a ruguru or werewolf or some bullshit, resulting in Dean dropping to his knees and sucking Cas’ dick to shut him up. Cas was fucking his face, practically curling around Dean, gasping and moaning like he was dying man getting his last blow job when Sam and Eileen inadvertently walked in. There was yelping and cursing and teeth involved and Dean has never heard Cas swear so violently.
“Dean, no, no… don’t do that,” Castiel laughs and unlocks the door. Dean follows after his partner, making horse sounds and even galloping after Cas through the lobby up to the kitchen.
“The social media, it bothered you today?”
“Don’t let him fool you, he loves camping,” Sam whispers to Jack.
“Worst case scenario it might fling back and cut into his leg. Then you’ll really hear it,” Pop states wisely, taking another long draw from his beer, hazel eyes twinkling.
“Are we still on for Thursday night, Castiel?” Katie asks, extenuating all the syllables in Castiel. It’s annoying and a tad breathy and it makes Dean want to punch her.
“Yeah,” Sam grunts dipping a fry into the shake, “He’s all I had for a long time. Until our Dad dragged our family to Bobby’s. We were older then, I was around ten, we lived out of motels and the car until Karen put a stop to it. When she died, Dean held us all together, got Bobby through it, and then not long after that he became a single parent. Then my situation, you know. It hasn’t been easy, but he… he makes me think anything is possible.”
“Cakes and Ale club you mean,” Dean mumbles under his breath and pulls the cart angrily away from where Katie is leaning on it. It makes her stumble and she blushes, but death glares at Dean. He stares back and then clears his throat, “Let’s go, Cas.”
“It’s not embarrassing. I’m flattered.” Castiel makes his way through his messy emotions, yeah… that’s what he’s feeling, flattered and a tad bit overwhelmed.
Renting a quaint vacation home a few towns over, Dean is glad to sink into the hot tub at the end of the day. The twilight has painted the sky a brilliant shades of purple, oranges, and reds. Dean relaxes and lets out a long sigh of pure contentment. The water is even more scorching than the hot springs. It’s even better than the springs, because he’s naked and when Cas joins him he’ll be naked too. Cas brings a couple of white wine glasses over, more refreshing than any kind of chemical buzz.
“Nothing,” Cas whispers out, he doesn’t need Sam right now. Sam will be disappointed in him, he’ll be upset about Dean. Ultimately, he needs Dean but he can’t talk to him right now. Dean said he was turning his phone off, so Cas doesn’t even try to reach out.
Dean found a pair of musty old leather shoes shriveled up in the corner and picked them up. They looked like the type of shoe that Cas used to wear when he was all juiced up. A sensible, ankle-length boot, that was somewhat dressy, but they could go with a pair of blue jeans. Lately, though, the former Angel of Chuck was human once again and the boots had been eschewed for sneakers or the patented Winchester work boots. To Dean, Castiel was truly slumming it after being rescued from the Empty.
Dean can see the rise and fall of Cas’ chest, each inhalation and exhalation is noisy and his nose whistles. It’s so very human that it makes Dean want to rage all over again, but strangely this time… it does the opposite and takes the wind out of his sails. Cas is human and he chose to be and it’s so, so heartbreaking.
They watch the movie, Cas chuckling along with Millie and Dean just closing his eyes, holding tight onto Castiel. Feeling the warmth radiating from his body into his. He must have dozed off a little, because he’s lost Cas at some point. Covered up with a blanket and every one, besides his father, is in the kitchen. Dean can hear glasses clink and Cas’ laughter.
“Why?”
“You were always getting caught,” Castiel taunts, but he turns to Dean and adds so only he can hear him, “All I wanted was a little freedom from my mother.”
Sam looks conflicted, so Cas does what he knows the other Alpha needs to feel better. He pulls him into a hug, taking comfort from the contact himself.
“Yeah, you do that,” John replies.
But today, he’s not swinging and definitely not relaxing, Castiel’s guarded.
Castiel disturbs his sub-space, the words not registering right away. “Dean, are you still with me?”
“I solved the issue,” Castiel states, placing a large piece of cantaloupe on Dean’s plate.
“Thanks,” Dean grunts out, flustered and awkward in the process of trying to leave gracefully. What is up with today? His mind is going to burst from all of the weird interactions he’s got going on.
Wind taken out of his sails, Dean’s mouth drops open and he croaks out, “What?”
“Different,” Dean grunts and Cas nods in agreement, his other hand working over his body and touching him sweetly. In this position, Dean can’t really do much, but he enjoys the slow drag of Cas’ thrusts. When Cas drops his legs and kisses him, Dean is quick to wrap his legs around Cas’ waist.
“I can leave, go take care of myself,” Dean threatens, his eyes squinting in displeasure.
What did you all think? Poor Cas, two steps forward, four back. But Jack and Sam won't let him go back too far.
Gadreel lets out a humorless laugh though the other sounds desperate,
Dean knows this. But he’s not sure if he wants to come out of the closet yet. The backlash from his family, losing that familial connection would be intense. For what? A short relationship? It's ridiculous, but he has to be sure about Cas.
Unlike the abomination you drive.”
Cas kisses him softly, tentatively. Nuzzling his nose, dragging softly, the angel peppers kisses all over Dean’s face until Dean is overwhelmed with the sensation of being worshiped. Castiel picks him up, walking through the house with Dean’s legs wrapped around his hips, peppering soft kisses as he goes.
Castiel slips on a shirt and opens his door, in a moment, he catches the sobbing body of Sam Winchester in his arms.
Snaking a hand underneath him, he swirls his fingers around his cockhead. Keeping his thrusting back nice and even, no surprises for Castiel… they’d have to take it slow. Love making. His Alpha needs it, he needs it. Gasping into his arm, he jacks himself using his slick and precome… loving the glide over his cock.
Being back out on tour and being away from Cas is like the full-body sensation of having his foot fall asleep and still having to walk on it. It hurts, he knows Cas is there and so he keeps on- limbs on fire and tingling from being placed in an awkward position and pinched too tight.
Castiel is hesitant, his lips tentative pressing against Dean’s. It’s a sweet, shy kiss, eyes only half-lidded in proximity. It’s over before it has even begun. Dean places a hand in the middle of Cas’ chest and the other boy presses it against his chest, Dean can feel the quick tattoo of his heart through the thin blue cotton.
“Yes,” Cas agrees, more guttural noise of pleasure than actual words. He’s careening towards his release, his knot getting fatter and fatter and his eyes fighting to close, to really dig into the bliss. The urge to fill something, to lock him and Dean together is riding high.
Have you been taking care of yourself? Showering?”
John’s voice is a mixture of concerned and angry. Dean is about to answer but there is a tapping on his window. Rolling it down Dean looks at Cas, leaning against the top of the car.
It whispers brokenly.
” Dean answers for him confidently.
“Right now, aisle nine, looking at deodorant and wondering if I should pick up the unscented, blocker, or sage,” Cas sighs, staring at the options, there are too many options for a person whose nose works sporadically.
“Thank you, Dean.”
“Why? What happened?” Cas sits close to him, trying to pull Dean into him but Dean sits ramrod, unyielding.
“Oh, this is nice,” Dean comments as he’s laying back, running his fingers through the fake chinchilla.
Every morning, for the past month, Sam drives Castiel out to the farm whenever Castiel doesn’t have a doctor’s appointment. He loves picking the peaches, harvesting the honey, and being outdoors. Cain gives him a lot of freedom and Castiel blossoms.
Jack has texted him too, his normal good morning text along with telling him that he’s gonna stay at Uncle Bobby’s for the next few days and that Cas hasn’t made his move with their word game. Castiel settles into bed a little bit more and opens up the game, plays the word
“I do.”
“Ah,” Castiel noncommittally acknowledges breaking the tension, backing down for some reason. “I am sorry to disappoint you, but the correlation is not causation. I hope your illness is not of a serious nature.”
“Repeat it,” Cas commands.
Dean’s whole life, everything has been dictated by Chuck, and he must have known how much Dean needed Cas, loved Cas… he kept trying to rip him away from Dean. It didn’t fit his story. Even up to the end, with Cas’ confession and Dean’s silence though he wanted to scream his truth. Chuck’s machismo version of Dean Winchester could have never ever fallen in love with a man shaped angel.
Whiting out, he comes.
and saying hello, introducing the four of them. Gabriel has always been the one who takes charge of that bit, but he’s handed the reins over to Dean. Dean has been looking forward to this night, he loves greeting the kids and waving hello. Their happy adoring faces are always mystified and starstruck at the beginning of the concerts and by the end of the concert they are jamming out dancing along with them.
“Hah, there we go,” one of the voices say, and just as Castiel is starting to feel relieved because of what sounds like the end of the conversation, the phone in his pocket buzzes vigorously against his thigh.
Castiel shrugs. “Go right on ahead, then. Trust me, though — I’ve heard it before. It’s nothing new.”
“Now, Cas,” he says, “I’m going to put something in your hands. You’re gonna tell me what it is before you open your eyes.”
“Okay, gather around then, wee ones. Take your seats and let’s have a round of introductions. Do you remember names at one go, Castiel, or do we have to do an embarrassing play date game?”
He bends over to catch his breath and straightens when he hears footsteps behind him. He knows they belong to Dean. He's fallen in love with the man a long time ago and knows him by heart.
He’d made the same decision with James, as well. Very early on, as they started to get closer to each other, he told James he didn’t want to talk about family. James had understood it immediately, and wanted nothing more than to make Castiel comfortable. Many people after that had either complied or ignored his wish, and it was always a 50-50 chance with new people.
“And you do?”
“I can't fucking believe this,” Dean says, voice full of excitement. “Alright. Packing, first thing tomorrow. No, deposit is the first thing. I think I can borrow a car from Bobby and we can get moving as soon as-”
Dean sighs, popping up out of the frame. Cas instinctively knows he is wiping down his chest in the ensuite bathroom. He sees a flash of butt, but then Dean is quickly diving under the covers.
Untangling the Christmas lights sends Dean into a fit of wild rage. It’s not his brightest moment, but he chucks them so violently into the garbage bin that he knocks the fucking thing over along with all the garbage in it. Letting out a scream between his teeth, he kicks the overturned plastic bin hard.
“No,” Castiel answers slowly, “Are you going to attempt and fail to kill me?”
Nodding, Sam stares down at himself. He’s still in his PJs and wearing two different types of shoes. He’d be embarrassed in front of the Omega Officer if the situation wasn’t so damn dire. Striding to the other side of the building, and definitely not gazing at the Officer lean form in his blues, Sam’s heart sinks with what he sees.
Dean asks his voice coming through the tablet speakers, the other Alpha is sitting on his bed shirtless. Looking absolutely divine, his hair is damp from his shower and his skin is still pink from the heat.
“You aren’t hitting up the bars?”
Dean sits next to Cas in front on the small couch, like always, with Charlie and Gabe in their own chairs flanking them. It’s all arranged, Becky assured them that everything was routine this morning but the predatory glint in Rowena’s eyes is making him nervous. Once again, he hopes he doesn’t sweat through this fancy suit jacket. Even with Cas arm behind him, his comforting presence, Dean is still uneasy in the moment. Crowley’s wicked smarmy smile is not helping matters one bit.
“Mr. Winchester,” a tall officer with slate blue eyes calls out to him, holding his hands up in caution.
It doesn't matter how foggy his brain might be after roughly three weeks filled with manipulation and defeat, Castiel knows he didn’t deserve what happened from the moment he had gotten that damned phone call up until this waking moment which is raining down a kind of unpleasantry leaving him feeling wrong and dirty. But that’s not the only thing clinging to his skin.
Half of him wants to go investigate while the other half of him screams he should mind his own business but before Castiel can beat himself up over the choices, the answer presents itself quite clearly; an out of breath and rather dishevelled looking Mr. Winchester stumbles out of the adjacent room, lipstick still smeared across his neck and even tinting his own lips a bit. Right behind him, an equally tousled woman walks through the open doors while still zipping up her dress pants and smoothing down disturbed fabric.
The car in question is a beautiful old-timer in peak condition, “a Chevrolet Impala,” Cas is informed by a staff member who seems specifically in charge of the garage and the cars within, “1967”. Despite having second to no knowledge on cars, Castiel can appreciate this one’s elegance which stands in strong contrast with the modern Porsche and Jaguar next to it.
He should have known this was a mistake from the beginning.
* Chapter 07 : What he wrote - L. Marling
He cries. Not out of sadness but out of anger. It had been what? Three, four months already? All this time, it’s been a constant cat and mouse game with Dean’s power being the feline and Castiel’s emotions being the scared rodent, so he feels like he should have known better.
Something flashes across Mr. Winchester’s face, Castiel notices, a split moment of hurt but it’s enough to prove there’s at least
“Fine,” Cas grinds through his teeth, “Good night.”
“Oh yeah, I just assumed I’d bottom… since you are a Dom and all that jazz,” Dean laughs out awkwardly. He’s been wanting to bottom and Cas has been getting him used to the sensation of having fingers near and in his hole. It’s a weird, addictive sensation and Dean freely admits he’s always left wanting more.
“What, this doesn’t do it for you?” Sam does a terrible body roll, making Eileen cackle uncontrollably.
Tonight, Dean presses closer into Dream Cas, leaning into him the way he never would in reality. Touching him at the nape of his neck, the shell of his ear, the gentle swell of his lips. With his fingertips, Dean outlines the curve of his eyebrows and the lines around his eyes. The lines are relatively new, his angel has been aging before his eyes but Dean chose never to see it. To Dean, Castiel was always eternal, a constant in his life.
“Tight quarters, huh?” Dean jokes, trying to find a place for his arm. He fails and he jams his arms between his legs.
“Grey is a nice color, yours are yellow.”
“I’ve been talking with someone,” Cas starts when he rolls up his window as they pull into the driveway, “They are going into a rut and that may have triggered my moment of anxiety this morning.”
“Ye…esss,” Dean practically sobs out, pushing back into Cas’ hands.
“Sunday,” Castiel answers, “Parents are driving me down.”
Jack bats his hands away, “Cas already has stunk me up. I’m fine.”
Soft touches through his hair wake him from this light nap, Sam’s voice is so quiet, so loving, so patient… he doesn’t deserve Castiel’s lies.  “Garth can see you in fifteen minutes.”
Sam walks at his own pace, enjoying the peace and serenity of the night sky and the dark beach. Jack disappears at some point but it doesn’t worry him, he’ll come back.
“We should get you a phone and a tablet,” Sam states suddenly, “This way they can bug you about you and not me. And let you call your family overseas. ”
He critiques Dean’s care of the Impala standing in the driveway. He dismisses Dean’s clothes and his salary at the same time. The fact that Dean brought whiskey instead of beer. And why didn’t he bake any pie for Thanksgiving?
“Honestly, I haven’t thought that far, Dean. I’m… I’m just working at Cain’s and going to therapy with Garth,” Cas admits, clearly confused at where their conversation is going.
“I don’t… I don’t know how to be without you,” admits Dean, rolling his lips between his teeth and biting them to distract him from the emotion gathering in his eyes.
“We should get meat lovers, Cas! Dad doesn’t even get meat lovers anymore, says it gives him heartburn!” Jack enthuses, plucking the menu from Cas’ fingertips to flip through it, “And cheese-sticks and chicken wings! Extra hot of course.”
“A case, there is no one else to cover it. Everybody is busy in their zones and we are the closest ones,” Sam explains, fiddling with the top of his computer.
When the crazy flower appears on screen next to Sulu’s hip, Dean whispers, “I betcha twenty bucks it has something to do with that flower there.”
,” his brother flippantly answers, “
They had only a week, a week of healing between the two of them, before they had to get back on the bus. The physical platonic distance was killing Dean. No more snuggles, no more sex, no more affectionate touches and kisses throughout the evening when they got off work. They could talk and they do talk, back in the lounge part of the bus. But it doesn’t feel like enough, Dean can’t even hold Cas’ hand.
. And it’s safe to say that he’s beyond upset at his older brother for doing this. He tries to tamp it down when Dean instinctively steps back, subdued and instinctive to Omegas. But his brother surprises him and steps back up, chest to chest to Sam, narrowing his eyes at Sam’s behavior.
“Alright, anywho-” Gabe interrupts, “Your Mom, what did she just text? That’s what is really important here. And the fact you guys couldn’t wait till Christmas and cost me money.”
Ankle deep in a murky creek, mud squishing between his toes, Dean feels anxiety well in the back of his throat. Standing in the questionable water had felt like a brilliant idea when Gabe first proposed the video for this particular song. Really, it had made perfect sense for a song called
Dean’s voice questions jovially.
Cas hums, soaking in the soft noises of Dean just being there. “We will have to agree to disagree then, Dean,” he says softly, not wanting to disturb the peace fostered too much.
They are out visiting Jack at college, a very sore spot of Dean’s that Jack decided to go far away. Knowing that his options for being out this way were limited, Castiel had agreed to meet Naomi, feeling the need for some resemblance of closure. She had been released some time ago and wanted to make amends. The creature before him isn’t the one he saw in the courtroom so many years ago. She has changed, just as much as he has.
and they never hung out outside their shifts
“Sam’s not my mate,” Castiel protests quickly, “He’s not. He’s my guardian.”
“You are more than I ever could have dreamed of,” Castiel whispers. Castiel reaches out and touches Dean, running his fingers gently through the lightly styled hair. Through his hair and down his neck. Dean’s eyes shutter closed, as he melts into the soft petting. Several passes transpire, until Castiel frames Dean’s face with his hands, guiding his eyes up to Castiel’s own.
“Nah, man, it’s not nothing,” Dean states and scratches at his neck, it doesn’t help this annoying feeling. Nervous energy, wanting, thrumming throughout all of his limbs. It aches in his chest, tingles in his fingertips.
Dean jumps at the feeling of Castiel’s warm hands massaging the back of his thighs down to his buttocks.
Dean says, his face a mixture of longing and happiness.
Wiping his mouth comically, grinning ear to ear, Dean teases, “Now you’re speakin’ my language, Cas.”
“No, I really don’t. I know you “mind” that I’m with a man and that the idea of us sharing a bed disgusts you,” Dean snaps back.
Immediately, Castiel's body stance changes as he starts to tap dance. He’s smoother, his movements precise and the only thing anchoring him to the floor are his heels. His soft dance shoes don't have the same effect as real tap shoes, but he swirls and taps as if he is wearing them, his heels still making little thuds on the wooden floor. Charlie laughs and tries to mimic what he’s doing, even tilting an imaginary hat. The opening words float and fill the studio as Dean and Gabriel step in,
“Good,” Castiel says and unclothes Dean’s erection, it smacks lightly against Dean’s lower abdomen before Cas’ tongue swipes at his head. Dean trembles at the sight, a slight whine escaping his throat. Cas’ cowboy hat is perched back on his head, the leather vest accenting the shape of those shoulders. Fuck, Dean’s spiraling out of control already and it’s all because of a stupid outfit. Dean anchors his hands around Castiel’s wrists, clasping hard, not wanting to card his fingers through the man’s hair and displace the hat.
It only gets more intense from there. The suggestive, flirty texting, not obscene, but definitely flirtatious in nature. It’s late one night, Cas’ eyes are burning but they are texting back and forth about the merits of slasher and horror movies when Dean texts,
“Cas drove us and I texted you to let you know we were coming,” Dean explains. Mary nods and looks around the kitchen. Awkward heavy tension falls between the two, Dean feels his anger rise. Anger and sadness. He loves his mother, he can’t help it… she’s his Mom, but he hates her actions.
Frankly, Cas admires him and the more he climbs out of the dark and empty abyss of depression… he finds himself admiring the other Alpha more and more. He’s coming alive under Sam (and subsequently Dean’s) administrations and efforts. Which Castiel finds refreshing and slightly problematic. In coming alive, coming back to himself… he finds he is becoming flustered at the elder Winchester’s undivided attention. He’s in no place to have an Alpha-crush, completely harmless as it would be.
Swallowing the rise panic in his mind, he doesn’t actually want Cas to leave but it’s best that this should end here and now, always.  Dean Winchester doesn’t date. He hasn’t “dated” since Cassie and that ended in a brilliant ball of flames. He couldn’t even imagine if he actually dated a
“Sounds good, man.”
“That’s who needs a tracker,” Sam bitterly sighs and puts down his phone.
“I can grab wine from my place, a crisp moscato would be a good contrast with that,” Castiel comments softly, “Can I do anything, else?”
Castiel also finds joy in eating home-made chips and the buzz from the bees. He finds joy in Sam’s happy expression whenever he calls his brother or when Castiel does something unexpectedly normal. He likes Garth, the strange Beta’s quirkiness has grown on him and now he looks forward to his appointments. He likes Jack’s competitive spirit while playing online board games. Castiel will even go so far and say he finds joy in pleasing Dean, hundreds of miles away… though he doesn’t examine that too closely.
Jack laughs, mischief lighting up in his eyes, “Dad, you practically drop-kicked me off to Uncle Sam’s. The only time you showed any remorse was putting me on the plane.”
“My pup,” Castiel growls, lunging at Sam with his teeth when Sam inches forward a little more. Falling on his ass, Sam scoots back and the Officer is there like lightning hauling him to his feet.
“Beautiful, so much better,” Castiel whispers against the shell of his ear, goosebumps break out through his skin.
Nodding, with shaky limbs, Sam helps Castiel to his feet and slides an arm around his waist. Sliding his shirt over Castiel’s head, Sam pushes his hands through Cas’ hair, like he does in the mornings when Cas’ is eating breakfast, to try and tame the wild dark tresses. Castiel is so touch starved, even in his panic, that he leans into Sam’s touch. Swallowing his own sorrows, Sam states, “You are going to be ok, I’m sorry this happened but I’m keeping you safe, ok?”
Cas gives him a shy smile and steps closer, his hand trailing down his arm like Dean is going to spook and jump away from him. They stand close, chests pressed together, the straw hat shading them both from the sun. Their fingers entwining, Cas closes the distances and presses a soft kiss to Dean’s lips.
“I’ve missed you,” Sam responds, the words whooshing out, “So much.”
” Dean admits, rubbing the back of his neck and a bashful look on his face.
“Dean,” Cas warns him to stop.
Retirement from hunting has provided different experiences for one Dean Winchester. No longer digging graves, he finds himself just digging holes for trees. No longer burning bodies, instead his firewood stacked precariously yet perfectly for maximum airflow in his fireplace. The military grade salt has been switched out for kosher salt to lightly flavor the eggs that he serves his guests each morning. He wears an apron instead of the three layers of unnecessary fabric and his combat ready boots have been traded out for comfortable rubber gardening shoes.
“You know I could never leave,” Dean replies back quickly, “I can’t leave Sammy.”
It’s almost laughable. Sam’s world is falling apart and he’s horny. He would almost feel guilty but the golden Adonis in front of him holds all Castiel’s focus. Every dip of muscle, every golden patch of hair, makes Cas’ mouth water. Cas watches as Dean slowly realizes that Cas is just simply admiring the view, his eyes lighting up in pleasure, and a soft mischievous smirk dances across his lips.
Guiding one of Dean’s hands to his ass, Cas talks Dean through the entire thing. He’s eager and encouraging. Switching to his hands and knees while Dean preps him, Dean stretches and fills Cas one finger at a time. Adulation falls from Castiel’s lips, telling Dean he’s doing such a phenomenal job, that it feels heavenly, that Dean is the best who has ever touched him, and that his thick fingers are divine. By the time Cas is ready to be filled, Dean can barely think, he’s so drunk on praise.
“You wanna go to Walmart once they open again, buy all new lights? I’d rather staple my balls to the side of the garage than untangle these motherfuckers.”
“I’m willing to do anything at this point,” John sighs and winces, he hobbles back into the living room.
“I know,” Cas smiles, giving a little thrust of his hips into Deans, “And yet you still stick around.”
“Grace.”
“Uh, no,” Sam laughs dryly, “I guess I couldn’t even if I tried.”
Dean states and is quick to hang up.
He’s hiding behind a car, sneaking a snack, when Charlie corners him with a concerned gaze. “Do you have a problem with Cas?” She asks, not beating around the bush.
“No, I’m saving it for later,” Cas replies slowly.
“Yeah, yeah, whatever. Thanks for your assessment, Dr. Ruth. You should go now, the line is getting long,” Dean jokes him off and pushes his brother toward the line.
It’s the dinner party that just won’t end. Between the stony silences from John and the awkward small talk, Dean just wants to escape. Preferably by climbing out the window and diving into his car. Unfortunately, his apartment has already been cleared out and its contents are on their way to Atlanta… so Dean is literally stuck in his childhood bedroom until they leave tomorrow.
“Don’t make this about me,” Dean barks out, his voice echoing off the walls.
“Oh dear,” Mary interrupts, “I’m sorry to hear about that.”
“You love chick flicks.”
“I wanna talk,” Castiel utters, the words whooshing out, “I’ve been talking with Dean. You know this. He’s at the beginning of his cycle and we were talking… and I sent something. I sent something sexual because I knew he’d like it and I liked it at the time. But now. Now I just regret it.”
As always, the two men brush their teeth and crawl into bed together. Curling around each other tightly before letting go and sleeping separately.
“Are you sure?”
“You look like one of those fairies, dancing up there, singing about fuckin’ potatoes,” John finally barks out.
“Ok, what the hell is going on?” Dean interrupts, stepping between John and Mary.
“Make any progress, my angel?” Mary asks at the kitchen sink with a sweet smile, “I told your Dad that could have all waited till tomorrow.”
The crowd shouts
“Dean, it’s a milk run,” Sam pleads, “I just don’t think it’s smart to go alone. A revenant is haunting a hospital. It’s a mother who died in childbirth, she appears every year on the day her baby was born and just hangs out in the nursery. She’s not violent, but we could help her move on. She just… rocks the babies and cares for them, tries to nurse them.”
“I know that, Dad,” Jack shrugs and walks off into the bathroom, giving Dean a chance to bring the shirt up to his nose.
“God damnit,” Gabe laughs, marching over to his bag and pulls out his wallet. Pulling out five hundred bills, he hands them over to Charlie.
“Right. I can do that.”
Cain just levels back the same look Castiel doled out earlier, to which Castiel rolls his eyes and looks back down at the phone. Hesitantly he pulls up the conversation again, Dean has sent a few rapid-fire texts afterwards saying that he’s all clean and he hopes Castiel is enjoying his lunch. A stab of guilt hits him, he’s not rejecting him… he’s not.
He inches closer to Cas, mellowing his scent and mood as much as he can, reaching out to his friend. His own mind racing how he’s going to damage control this situation. Call Dr. Fitzgerald for an emergency appointment? Bribery? He had to bribe to get Castiel out here with books… he doesn’t know what other means to bribe him some more. It’s not like he can bribe him with food.
“Don’t want to surprise Hannah when she comes back.”
“What?” Sam asks, clearly stunned.
Naomi quiets, red painting her cheeks, her eyes quickly averting his and instead looks out into the park and so Castiel does the same. She sees what he does; families, the men and women, Alpha, Omegas, and Betas intermingle and enjoy the cooling temperature. Castiel thinks he recognizes one or two of the Omegas, he may have even serviced one of them. Though, the thought doesn’t pierce his heart anymore. He mourns and quietly respects that pitiful creature trapped in a rut, having to fuck everyone who walked through the door. But he’s not that person anymore and he’ll never be that person ever again. He has a bright future.
“Of course, Dean. I’ve been living on Earth for some years undetected from Hunters such as yourself,” Cas exasperates rolling his eyes.
“You know I jog in the mornings,” Cas comments, hand soft petting Dean’s hair.
“Where?”
Realization sinks into the pit of his stomach. He can feel himself pale while his Dad continues to bark out more homophobic slurs, taking Dean’s silence as agreement.
That being said, next chapter will be posted September 22, 2021. :)
“I’m Charlie, and it's so great to see you all today. Can everyone do me a favor? Can everyone say, “
Cas replies, a little petulantly.
” Dean guffaws, laughter bursting loudly out of his chest, “You called my mother a bitch. O’ sunshine, oh that did not go over well… did it?”
His phone pings again and Sam glances down at it and gives him a knowing look, “You should get that.”
Jack very slowly removes the pack of cards and tucks them underneath the table. Touched by the sweet gesture, Castiel plays a few rounds of Connect-Four. He doesn’t intentionally lose, but his mind is full of things, and Jack trounces him every single time.
Dean huffs.
“Close?” Dean questions, feeling the rise of his own release tingling.
… Dean finally relaxes. Castiel drives the Big Red Car, they sing about the red modified golf cart, Dean pretends to sleep, and he actually smiles for real for the camera.
“The Coffee, Cake, and Cuttings Club always meets on Thursdays,” Cas replies stoically, though he’s doing his classic head tilt and eyebrow ruffling at Katie.
“I don’t know, man, pity?”
Realizing his mistake, Cas’ eyes widen and he looks at Dean. Begging forgiveness with just one look, Dean just shakes his head. Looking between Gabe and Charlie, people who have known for over a decade.
“Dean.”
“I’m Gabe.”
. How did we get from a kid failing to this? Let it go.”
Even with a game roaring in the living room, after a stilted dinner, Dean hooks up a little speaker to Cas’ phone. After a few margaritas, Cas does exactly as promised and he teaches them all some Bollywood dance moves. Eileen catches on pretty quickly, Sammy on the other hand… the Sasquatch has all the grace of a newborn giraffe. Millie, Deanna, and Mary sit at the kitchen table laughing and cheering the younger ones on. Millie hovers by the counter, downing the margaritas faster than Sammy can make them.
* Chapter 08 : ...
“Oh, no, no, sir. Please, no need to apologize.” Dr. Beaumont smiles, looking up from his tablet, “I don’t expect you to know any of that jargon, you can leave the worrying to me. Did you have an I.V.”
* Chapter 10 : Bloody city - Sam Tinnesz
Mr. Winchester frowns as he smiles softly. It’s almost as if he’s surprised Mr. Novak hadn’t believed him earlier. “I told you: because I need you.”
’Cause I need someone
* Chapter 09 : Miracle - The Score
“How come you never told me about him? I know you explained you had to keep it under wraps but I’m your brother for crying out loud! I mean, hell, you even told me when you lost your virginity or when you sucked your first dick, but this? Why didn’t you tell me?”
Castiel is still kicking and screaming when the bodyguard previously pulling him back spins him around. Castiel isn’t having it. On top of his distress, he now realizes it’s Benny manhandling him. God he wants to punch that man in the face. “Mr. Winchester-“
One distressed glare is all he gets before the inevitable “fuck you”.
Gabriel promptly falls silent, doing nothing but stare at his brother in shock.
The jokes and soft laughter do a good job at hiding the worry, they even almost masqueraded the pain in a confession though while it’s hurtful, it’s also a reassurance that Gabe is still Gabe and that the world still moves along.
“We’re going public tomorrow,
“Coffee?”
* Chapter 01: Not afraid - Tommee Profitt
“Better. Go get me my coffee. Black, no sugar.” After his command, Mr. Winchester takes his usual place in the spacious office, sinking down in the comfortable chair and turning on his computer, ready to start the long day ahead, but when he looks up, Castiel is still standing there, unmoving.
* Chapter 04 : Control - Halsey
With every new flash in his eyes, Castiel feels more and more like an imposter, giving out ‘thank yous’ after each compliment said to him by complete strangers, knowing their popularity only comes forth from them being a- no,
* Chapter 03 : Monsters - Ruelle (acoust.)
“Yeah,” Cas lies in shame, “basically.”
Castiel is absolutely disgusted by how obvious it is the man only agreed to it because the young woman is sporting a nice décolleté great for keeping your interests high while being interviewed about the same damn issues all over again.
The room they are sharing, Anna’s Room on the second floor, is small but homey, while Dean and Castiel are in Lily's Room on the third floor. Jack seems to find comfort in the space because he flops down in the oversized chintz chair pulling out his computer and laying the pamphlets down next to him.
” Dean laughs and Cas can hear the shifting of sheets against the phone.
Dean nods and claps, “Good, I’ve got a much-needed reunion with my bed and someone on one time with my sheets.”
“We’ve been
“Uh, no. She’s definitely still a lesbian,” he answers hesitantly, painfully, “I’m… I’m uh… I’m talking about Cas. Castiel. I think I’m into him.”
“I’m sorry, Sammy,” Dean grits out but then takes a big breath and tries to calm down, but fails abysmally. Feeling like the rising tide of anger must be vented, Dean steamrolls into it, his words coming out more harshly than he had intended. “Not two minutes in his company and he got on me about the Impala. Said he wouldn’t have given me to her if I was gonna let her rust and ruin her. He fucking criticized my clothes! Asked me why I couldn’t dress up for Mom on a holiday AND in the same breath said I was obviously not making as much money as I did as a teacher. He’s being a complete ass to Cas and I… I’m just on edge. He ordered me to get this stuff down. So fuck it, I’m doing it so I don’t have to sit in there with him.”
“You threw me under the bus!” Gabriel cries, undeterred by the whispers exchanged between Cas and Dean.
Dragging the angel towards the buffet line, Dean angrily plops down breakfast foods looking over his shoulder at his father. His Dad is happily eating his breakfast and thumbing through the newspaper that Castiel was offered. Dean is beyond incensed that Castiel would do something so invasive after spending the night with Dean.
“Yes, Castiel.”
“Alright, be careful. I’ll be here, working on some odds and ends,” Sam says, pulling Jack into a small hug and scent marking the boy out of habit for him to stay safe.
“The movie,
” Dean says, his voice ringing through Sam’s phone speakers, “
“What's wrong with my towels?” Dean questions, taking another large swallow of the burning hot liquid.
“You’ve never been with a man,” Cas says softly after a few minutes of silence, tucking the flat sheet around the end of the mattress, his shirt riding up showing off the damn tempting tattoo, “I am not going to rush physical intimacy between us.”
“Do you need anything from the store?” Sam asks, drumming his fingers over the steering wheel.
“Given the nature of our situation, I feel that it’s vital to communicate our expectations, our wants, and our needs,” Castiel says, his voice rough with simmering emotion.
“Well, I’m going to bed, long day tomorrow,” Henry claps and saunters off, “Night!”
“My friend and I,” she points to her friend a couple spots over, “We thought you guys were cute and maybe you’d like to join us. I could help with that sunblock.”
“You never wanted me out there,” Sam laughs-cries, his breathing shuddering and shaking and he smushes himself into Dean’s chest. Smelling their entire family on his brother’s clothes. He needs this, just as much as Castiel.
Holding his phone in his lap, Castiel stares down at the text and works his lip between his teeth. Dean is definitely 100% flirting with him. There isn’t any other way to look at it. He was unsure in the beginning, Dean has a gregarious and fun personality and so Castiel just thought he was treating Cas as he did with all of his friends.
“I’ll be quiet,” Dean’s shaking voice when he responds.
,” Dean replies, pulling one of his earbuds out of his ear. The long cord is plugged into the DVD player in the ceiling of his bunk.
“Alright, found us a case a few states over. You ready?”
“Relax,” Castiel murmurs, thumb pressing against Dean’s jaw. Dean melts under his command, relaxing. “Such a good boy,” Castiel whispers, both hands anchoring in Dean’s hair guiding the tempo, fucking Dean’s mouth. With the water against them, Castiel shields Dean from the spray with his body, eyes never wavering from Dean’s own. The shower pelts Cas’ body, the spray hitting those wings, cooling, and misting onto Dean. Overheated, it feels good to be on his knees in the cool tub, the only warmth is where he’s connected to Cas. His heavy cock in his mouth, his hands in Dean’s hair, the sharp waist under Dean’s hands.
“Cas, you’re yellow, you drive,” Charlie calls out from where she’s standing with the cameramen, pointing out the yellow driver seat and then pulling on her own shirt to emphasize that Cas was in fact, wearing yellow.
“My nose is just fine.”
“Yes, I particularly like the articles that list you as having a monster bulge along with John Hamm,” Castiel solemnly states, “You probably shouldn’t have worn those grey sweatpants during that gym interview or those thin blue jeans in your portraits.”
“That’s good.” Garth grabs Castiel’s phone and hands it back to him, “Focus on that. Focus on how it feels good to want someone. Don’t let the doubt creep in, Castiel. If you trust Dean to share yourself with him, share yourself. I’m not going to tell you whether sexting is a good idea or not. You have your internal voice and compass to guide you with that. From what you have told me about Dean, and only you can verify this, he cares for you. He’s not using you.”
“Florida?” Jack questions over a bowl of Cookie cereal, munching away while he’s talking. It’s disgusting and Sam reassesses whether they ever talked to the kid about table manners. Probably not, between defeating Chuck and establishing a new normal after liberating Castiel there hasn’t been a lot of time for fatherly life lessons. Maybe he would have learned it from Cas, but it’s not like the guy used to eat, and Dean’s got appalling table manners.
“You are going to let him drive?” John asks incredulously after Cas lets Dean go.
Gadreel’s voice cuts through the silence.
Leaning against the hood of the Impala, finishing his treat, Dean gazes up at the bright spring sky… wondering where his friend is now. What life he might be living now, ten years later. Last he heard, Castiel was a big-time conservationist and had kickstarted his own nonprofit to protect some kind of endangered bee species. He was doing well. His dreams were coming true. Dean likes to imagine him frozen in time in rose-colored amber. He’s perfect in Dean’s memory, a teenage Case full of optimism and dreams.
“Hey man,” Dean says nervously and playfully, shoving Castiel a little, “Don’t make it weird.”
“Alright,” Castiel answers, reaching out to touch one of the little blue flowers that a bee just left. It’s so delicate, dancing across the pads of his fingers. He likes flowers, perhaps he shall plant some in Sam’s backyard. He could swing in the hammock and just relish in the smell of fresh flowers.
“Thank you,” Cas whispers against his chest while a finger traces a pattern, Dean assumes he’s connecting the freckles. Dean’s only answer is to press a kiss into Cas’ hair, breathing him in and burning this moment into his memory.
Biting his lip, Cas turns all his focus on Dean. Being pulled into those blues eyes, knowing he is the focus of all Castiel’s attention is a powerful addictive thing. “Instruct me, please,” Cas asks, waving his hand towards Dean and Charlie.
Castiel’s hands are steady on Dean and place soft sweet kisses against his temple and face. Dean half-heartedly watches the show, more interested in the man behind him and the nuzzling of his lips and nose. There is so much affection in every touch. He feels cherished.
“I don’t know, Sir,” he eventually offers weakly.
For the rest of his days, Dean will always imagine what it’s like to be with a man. He doesn’t know how he’ll feel when he’s married, hopefully it will be to someone who actually loves him… but even then, Dean thinks he will always wonder.
Dropping the garment to his lap before his son catches him, he plays with the worn edges of the blue t-shirt. “Yeah? Aren’t we all rusty,” Dean dryly laughs at his own joke.
, you smell so good.”
“Uh-huh.”
Sam is more than a little shocked, so much so that he almost drops the phone into the soapy water. “What!?” He sputters and looks towards the phone like he can see Dean. He puts it back up to his ear to his brother's amused words.
Peeking in, sure enough, Charlie is dancing around the mirrored studio with Castiel. In their own worlds, the two laugh and dance. Jumping, bodies swaying to the beat, and clear enjoyment in all their movements. Charlie is wearing her classic workout gear, oversized t-shirt, and yoga pants, and Castiel is wearing those familiar small shorts and a brightly tie-dyed shirt. The music ends with one last acoustic punch, switching over to the swinging roar of a big band.
“You’re friends?”
“S’good, I’m good,” Dean whispers, his body dropping out of the high.
“We’ll be here, waiting for you. To catch you,” Jack whispers solemnly out into the night.
“Cream or red?”
“Yeah, man, doesn’t mean anything to me… guy or girl. It’s just flesh,” Sam answers, shrugging.
