likes me. And I love you, as more than just my best friend. I tried to deny it for a long time. My entire life, I suppose. And then I realized I'd been denying it for too long." He paused, realizing he was going into a sappy speech. So, to lighten the mood, he smiled and muttered, "I love you, Honeybee."
No one seemed to know what to do. Andrew continued hiccupping. Sherlock and his parents sat, wide-eyed. Molly looked like she was about to fall off her chair. Mycroft, though, looked calmer than ever—perhaps his recent brush with Aunt Wendy had made him more susceptible to sympathizing with anyone who might have the audacity to stand up to her.
“I think so. Yes. Yes, really.” John’s face was still inches from Sherlock’s. His thumb stroked Sherlock’s cheekbone.
He didn’t know when it turned into a dream, but the next thing he knew, a sliver of sunlight woke him up through the curtains that he’d drawn around his four-poster. He was the first awake, but Moran was stirring, so he took as long as he dared to get dressed, throwing on jumper after jumper before making a face and discarding each. Finally, he settled on the one with the brown stripes and made it out the door just as he heard Seb getting out of bed.
John’s expression snapped from solemn and dazed directly to annoyed. “And what type of bloke is that?”
John didn’t have to look over at Sherlock to know that, despite the continued conversation with Andrew, he was listening. At Delia’s mention of the job offer, John had felt him tense beside him.
"You've now a total of eight minutes and twenty-seven seconds." He hung up without another word and reached a hand out to John. "Are you alright?"
John held up a finger, and Sherlock realized he’d been rambling, helplessly falling into a panic that he couldn’t fully explain. “Sherlock,” John said suddenly, and their eyes met. “That’s not—I wasn’t…” He sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose, the way he always did when something was bothering him. “Sherlock, I didn’t expect things to go any further than a really good snog.”
Sherlock ignored him. When John finished his plate, Sherlock took it and handed it to the nearest elf. “Ready?”
John took advantage of his silence. "Sherlock, what would you have done if that had been me? How would you have felt?"
“Alright, now, hang on. You didn’t tell me anything about this bloody mystery you’re trying to solve. How is a purple hair ribbon supposed to be significant to me?”
“No one’s going to be coming around here, it’s after midnight. Now let’s go home.” Sherlock looked him in the eyes, and John imagined he saw a little more moisture there than was typical. “Please.”
"I can't fucking believe it," the guy said, shaking his head as much as he could in its trap. He indicated John with a slight tip of his chin. "I knew something was up with this one walking around posing as an actor."
"We should go back up to the castle. As much as I admire this method of study, I think I'd like to reward you when you're correct, and Gryffindor Tower might be better suited for that."
Sherlock was on his way to lunch when the rumour reached his ears. It wasn’t even very original, and it was even less plausible. But teenagers are, by nature, more than gullible, especially if the lie they’re expected to accept is wrapped around something mysterious. Unfortunately for Sherlock, the most mysterious thing to be found at Westpark at any given time was a new student.
“Not just watch Muggles, John, though that is part of it. I’d also like to spend a great deal of time studying some of the non-magical specimen which inhabit the park.”
When he reached the corridor, he leaned against the wall with his face in his hands and slid down it until he was sitting on the floor. What had he just done? That was Sherlock’s family. He wasn’t supposed to be rude. He was supposed to sit there like a nice boy, nod and smile, make polite conversation and make a good impression. What he’d done instead was shout at Sherlock’s aunt and stomp out of the room like a baby. Perhaps he was spending too much time with Sherlock. That thought, at least, brought a cautious smile to his lips.
Sherlock made to turn over again, but one glance at the look on his face, and John knew better than to let him. He pressed a hand to his chest and forced him back down. "No, Sherlock, not now. If you try anything again, I
John snorted. “Yeah, maybe. Anyway, I’m going to bed.” He stood and gathered his books, regretting the decision to work on Charms instead of going down to the dungeons for a Potions session with Sherlock.
Sherlock’s entire face, contorted into a disgusted grimace, was covered in orange goo; even locks of his hair along his forehead and around his ears were coated in the stuff. He wiped the goop from his eyes very deliberately and opened them.
At this, John looked him in the eyes, seeing what he hadn’t seen in “Jim from IT”: they were dead. His face was all playfully devious, but his eyes were
“In certain situations, maybe. But no, not for dinner with your parents,” John conceded. He turned off the water and reached for a towel. “Um, Sherlock.”
"It's not like we're gonna go too far. Greg's parents are just in the lobby. Come on, it'll be fun."
As John's arms settled around him, Sherlock let out a contented hum. He twined his feet around John's calves and kissed the back of his hand.
That wasn’t to say that it wasn’t a difficult feat. He had to avoid looking at John for too long, avoid touching any part of him below the neck, or the whole wall would collapse. He knew because it almost had just a few minutes ago; he’d looked away from the muscles that stretched between John’s broad shoulders just in time to catch it as it began to tumble.
Sherlock immediately collapsed onto his side and nestled against John, his head on John’s chest. The two of them were silent for a long while, letting their heart rates return to normal and enjoying the feeling of being so near each other.
"Perhaps one for later," Sherlock murmured, already going in for the move that he'd clearly had planned from his mention of the game, one that always worked to drive John not quite out of his mind, but to the brink of madness. His hands found their way down to John's hips and massaged slow circles as he grazed his teeth along John's earlobe. He whispered, "My lips are a bit busy at the moment," before latching them onto the spot just under John's ear. John barely managed to keep from shuddering.
When John got the call from his mother, he didn't know what to say. The questions she asked drove little spikes through his chest.
It wasn't even that important that 1999 was ending. A new millennium just meant a new year, which just meant a new day for needlessly optimistic people to make promises to themselves and break them within the week. Sherlock knew full well that Mycroft felt the same, but was forced to attend this function, and get as many people as possible to attend with him, because apparently the year 2000 was a
John waited until that night, after Sarah had fallen asleep, to check it again. There were three messages from Sherlock and one from Lestrade.
John laughed softly. He was no longer shivering, but he could feel Sherlock shaking against him. It wasn't helping him sort through things, like why he'd decided to strip down and cuddle Sherlock when he knew perfectly well that it was not a medically sound treatment for hypothermia. He also knew Sherlock wasn't suffering from it--his heart rate was too close to normal, and he'd been right about the altitude sickness: his lips had been slightly blue since they'd arrived on the mountain. But being in closer proximity was making them warmer, even if Sherlock's shivering was sending blood to interesting places.
“Yeah. Oh, and by the way, that whole ‘swoop in and save Holmes’ bit was nauseating. Do save us all the trouble of losing our breakfast next time and skip the melodramatics.”
John knew she wouldn’t. This whole outing was for Sherlock’s birthday, after all. No one had told John where they were going, but he was inclined to believe it would be something unexpected. This was Sherlock they were talking about.
“Sound reasoning, John, but I hardly see how any hesitation should make those few minutes any more enjoyable.”
“Wrong. Professor Longbottom saved your life, I merely put out the fire,” Sherlock scoffed, but John wasn’t having it. He raised an eyebrow. “Alright, that probably helped.”
There was no further explanation, just a pair of hands pulling him from the car and shoving his arms into a heavy vest—an extremely heavy vest—and a foreign coat being placed over it. It didn’t take a Holmes to know what that meant, in light of recent events.
John left the office staring at the ground. He was startled when he rounded the corner and suddenly Sherlock’s lips were on his. “So? What’ve you got?”
eat a big lunch. Besides, Mike says he saw you. You had a few chips and then left to work on this bloody thing.” He gestured toward the orange mess the explosion had made of the cauldron.
It occurred to John as he entered, adjusting himself discreetly in his trousers, that this was his repayment for before. Then it occurred to him that he ought to be surprised that the thought of Sherlock in a lacy pair of knickers would turn him on like this. He glared at his boyfriend, who raised an eyebrow innocently. And he realized that anything to do with Sherlock would turn him on if he let it.
John couldn’t keep his heart from swelling with emotion at the rare acknowledgement that he was unique, that Sherlock needed him, that he needed him because he cared enough to laugh with him, made sure he took care of himself and even went to the trouble of defending him even when he himself couldn’t care less about the rude comments he received from classmates that just didn’t understand him, couldn’t see how brilliant he really was.
Sherlock looked confused. “We are...acquaintances now. I assumed that is what acquaintances do when one is to partake in a rather dangerous sporting activity.”
“Sherlock!” John and Mycroft shouted together. Mycroft ran in the direction of their parents, but John was sitting on the ground next to Sherlock in a flash.
“I’m going to come back to find my bedroom gutted and burned out,” he grumbled to Sarah when he joined her on the street.
John propped himself up enough to turn Sherlock's head and kiss him deeply. "Yes. I do. God, yes. You have no idea how long I've wanted to."
Sherlock sighed and walked away. He sat down on the edge of his bed. “You don’t want to have sex with me right now.”
By the time they reached the entrance to Ravenclaw Tower, McGonagall was there speaking with Anderson.
The back of John's hand softly brushed across Sherlock's chest as his lips pressed against Sherlock's forehead, and it seemed for a second as though John was hardly trying. But then the chasteness of the kiss melted, slowly, more and more the further it worked its way down Sherlock's cheek, until it landed with a wet swipe of tongue against collarbone.
“Oh, no. Oh, no no no,” Sherlock said, dropping his face into his hands. “I can’t believe it.” He racked his brain for possible solutions, from emigration to full-fledged kidnapping, before he remembered.
Sherlock sat there innocently, looking as though he didn’t care at all about his birthday, but John knew better. Sherlock loved being the center of attention, and if his tantrum about the injustices of how John’s birthday was usually celebrated were any indication, he took birthdays very seriously. It amazed John that he hadn’t told him flat out when his birthday was, but then he hadn’t had to tell Sherlock, so perhaps the daft genius thought that John would think to get the information by whatever means
Wilkes suddenly acted as though he were noticing Sherlock and Molly for the first time. “Oh, hello, Freak.”
John was glad he hadn't taken a bite, otherwise he might have asphyxiated right there, and Sherlock wouldn't have even deemed the case a "one."
He snaked his arms around Sherlock. "If it’s any consolation, I’m not completely opposed to the idea."
Mycroft was beginning to look uncomfortable under the scrutiny of his aunt. It was rather bizarre, seeing Mycroft look that sheepish, even if it was simply a shadow lingering behind his eyes. John was overcome with the urge to help him, but was completely unsure of what to say. Meanwhile, drunk Uncle Andrew was still occupying all of Sherlock’s amused attention, Mr. Holmes was conversing animatedly with Molly’s father, and Mrs. Holmes glared down the table at her sister.
Sherlock woke first, the cabin still shrouded in darkness, even though the time indicated by his dying phone was 10:34 AM. "Fantastic," he mumbled, then shifted slightly, pressing himself further back into John.
“Oh. Right.” John recalled the way he’d caught a second-year sneaking by the librarian just last week. He knelt down beside one of the taller bookcases and motioned for Stamford to follow.
He’d been lucky enough to make a new friend the day before—Molly, her name was—and as much as he preferred eating alone, the environment in the cafeteria was hazardous to loners, to say the least. So he sat with Molly Hooper, and they discussed the maths class they shared. Sherlock had just mentioned the surprise exam he foresaw in their future when he felt a tap on his shoulder and turned to see a boy with sandy blond hair and a large nose.
“John?” Sherlock said suddenly, and John’s eyes snapped open. Sherlock was looking down at him again, concerned. “Is something wrong?”
When it was clear he wasn't going to find the words he was looking for, John said, "Yours too. A prince, am I right?"
“Ice cream,” Sherlock answered for him again, before he noticed the expression on his brother’s face and shot at him, “Come on, Mycroft, don’t get your knickers in a twist because that’s another loss for cake.”
It had been sudden. One moment, John had been enjoying the temporary freedom from Sherlock; the next he was being thrust into a moving car, a bag over his head.
Between the two of them, ‘Third Date’ had become a euphemism for sex. Which they still hadn’t had. And never would, if Sherlock didn’t take care of himself. When John pointed this out for perhaps the hundredth time, Sherlock marched past him up the stairs as though he’d been sent to his room. John took this as compliance, threw his bag over his shoulder, and followed all the way to the Great Hall.
"We don't know what happened, no one saw. Greg found her in the alley behind The Three Broomsticks--"
Sherlock nodded his typical “I’m-not-making-any-promises-but-I’ll-at-least-make-a-minimal-effort” nod. He let his head slump forward onto the table, and John ruffled his hair. He sighed contentedly at the touch.
By the time Lestrade's team arrived, Sherlock and John were gone, the suspect safely cuffed to a lamppost on the corner with a note.
Intrigued by the glint in her eyes, he nodded. She led him to a cozier den than the sitting room they typically occupied and pulled a book from a bookcase in the corner. “These are from the boys’ early years,” she told him, taking a seat on the sofa.
John stared straight ahead, deciding not to give him the satisfaction of a reaction. “Oh, come now. You’re not gonna let a little spite get in the way of my good time, are you?”
First, it was the explosion he'd caused in the lab. Then, the report he'd forgotten to write, followed by a call from Mycroft to tell him that their mother was ill, and a letter from the university reminding him to get his tuition fees in on time right on its heels. There was no reason for Sherlock to be happy, and so he had no qualms with sulking around the flat all evening, still fully dressed but for his shoes and jacket.
Sherlock smiled tightly at an unexpectedly chubby uncle as he made his way to the dining room with a curt nod. As a young man passed, Sherlock grinned more genuinely than John would have thought possible in anyone’s presence but his before being taken up into a hearty embrace, which he miraculously returned, although with much less fervor.
As it turned out, the heating didn't work too well in said room. It occurred to him to call John again and just go out anyway, but it was getting a bit late for a meal, and Sherlock wasn't really very hungry, anyway. So instead, seeing that John was online, he sent him an IM that encapsulated his passive suffering.
The other boy stirred at the sound of his name. “John,” he murmured with a smile. Then his brow furrowed, “John?” He opened his eyes, which almost immediately went completely wide.
Her spin landed on the boy next to John, and Sherlock had to suppress a laugh at the disappointed look she gave before reluctantly kissing him.
It always went the same way, too. John would go on two or three successful dates, always between cases, when Sherlock would lie around and sulk, occasionally plucking out an angry pizzicato melody on his violin to occupy himself and irritate John. The following week would see the start of a case, which would be a great way to get Sherlock out of the flat if it meant John could actually get through a date without Sherlock either texting him urgently about something or, in the case of a particularly promising prospect, showing up at the cinema and getting himself into a rather dangerous tussle with the projectionist, a peril which John was forced to thwart by brute force with a case containing the reel for
“I…I don’t know. I’ll see you later, Molly,” he blurted, then ran from the room, scooping up the brick as he went.
"Jesus, John, you couldn't find somewhere else to get off?" he muttered, but the corner of his mouth turned up in a smirk as he walked to his own bed two down and began rummaging in his trunk.
Sherlock stopped. "What makes you say that? That's not what I was suggesting at all." He realized a bit late that he was speaking very quickly.
"Right." He hung up, knowing from years of experience that there was nothing else he was going to get out of Mycroft Holmes. "Come on."
By the time he and John met before the officiant, his breaths were shallower than he would have ever thought possible without passing out. He took John's hands, his own shaking.
The look of terror on John’s face as she said it told him all he needed to know about John’s preparedness. He turned to Sherlock and whispered, “Thursday?”
Without another word, he shoved his arms into his coat, grabbed his bookbag, and practically ran to the bus stop, forgetting his scarf in his rush.
John was beyond surprised when the next person to greet them turned out to be none other than their classmate, Molly Hooper.
“Sherlock!” If he’d felt up to it, John would have dug in his heels and forced his companion to a stop. All he could think of, however, was having a nice cuppa and getting some rest.
"Holmes, I believe that is quite enough. Mr. Watson has been dragged into whatever nonsense your brother has decided to let you inquire upon. I feel it is in his best interest that he listens to whatever you have to say on the matter."
Wilkes seemed to buy it, but the look on his face told Sherlock the outburst would cost him a mark on his newly minted clean slate. “You are a freak, aren’t you?”
He tried not to show a reaction when John suddenly kicked the table, but he couldn't help but jump a little.
"Why did you go?" Sherlock asked, and he sounded like the confused little boy who'd kissed John on the playground so long ago.
That night, when it finally hit John that he had almost been a murder victim, he went to the cabinet and took a long swig of vodka.
Sherlock had taken a step back, his eyes softening and then freezing all over again, but his gun’s sights never left Moriarty.
"Holmes," Carthage said, then thinking better of it, "Watson, perhaps you should take him to the hospital wing."
Sherlock opened and inspected the crystal vials Mycroft had given him before Mycroft unwrapped a black umbrella and a rather large box of Cauldron Cakes which, although the gift wrapping had been anonymous and out-of-place, even John could deduce were Sherlock’s idea of a fun gift for his brother. His suspicions were confirmed when Sherlock’s attempts to hide a snicker fooled no one and his mother shot him a dangerous look.
Sherlock broke away and looked at him, puzzled, before turning and finally spotting the rather large, luxurious bed against the back wall. He turned back to John. “Oh.”
Clara stopped him right before lunch to congratulate him and ask if it was true that he’d snuck into Ravenclaw Tower.
As soon as Greg and his wife finally made it out of the house, Sherlock was sitting on the floor among blocks and dolls and toy trucks, the girls sat across from him, bouncing excitedly. He rolled one of the trucks over to Amelia, who squealed with glee when it bumped gently against her knee.
In an aisle covered in red and pink, heart-shaped candies and romantic cards assaulted Sherlock's vision.
Sherlock glanced over at John once more, then drew his legs up to his chest. The position made him look juvenile, and John once again found himself trying not to laugh at the sight of it.
Andrew laughed. “Not much changed, then? I remember when I would bring little Wilson over so that they could play those Muggle games they loved so much, what were they? Pirates, and…something to do with building a…thing…out of sheets and pillows. Anyways, Violet always had to practically force feed him. Kid wouldn’t eat a damn thing.”
“Good. Now, can we finish this essay before one o’clock? I’d like to get a decent amount of sleep this week, first Quidditch match and all.”
The day was almost over by the time he’d managed to find a toilet, and his bladder was screaming for relief, so he was close to crying when the little man on the door appeared before him.
John absently stroked Sherlock's hair with one hand, tucking a bit of it behind his ear to expose the highest point of his cheekbone. He let the pads of his fingers tap lightly and rhythmically against it, pausing every few taps to run the length of it gently, letting himself enjoy the smooth skin of Sherlock's face in a way he wasn't used to. Usually he was under Sherlock's gaze, held by an intense stare of some kind, whether it was the calculating look of a great mind trying to solve a puzzle or one of those softly passionate stares that only John seemed to truly recognize for what they were. But now, with Sherlock focused so intently on the movie, John was able to appreciate his face in new ways, without being distracted by the intensity of his eyes.
“Go on, Sherly. Tell your John about that time you murdered your brother’s cat,” Mason continued from across the table. John was suddenly able to place what he hadn’t liked in the boy’s face—he was always sneering, even when his face otherwise seemed to be neutral.
"Sherlock Holmes, you come here this instant!" his mother commanded. He stopped with his foot on the third stair.
Sherlock smirked. “I was going to go into the Dark Forest to look for some clues as to why Polly Winston keeps sneaking out of her dormitory in the middle of the night. Her boyfriend asked me to,” he clarified at John’s expression.
One, his parents had told him that they would be attending a school function which largely involved talking with his teachers and his peers’ parents. Not only was he on his own in the case of an emergency, but there was very little chance common knowledge of his parents’ eccentricities would help him in his lessons.
“Well, just this morning I was talking with Sherlock Holmes. Poor bloke’s bored out of his mind, and Potions is his best subject. He practically begs Gregson for a challenge every class.”
"John," Sherlock said, nearly in a whisper, so as not to ruin the moment. "Did you always want to be a doctor?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “You think I could go alone? There may not be wild creatures or ghosts particularly fond of loud and violent revelry, but I’m certain there will be security measures in place to keep people out.”
Sherlock sighed. Of course that herd of brainless oafs believed every word Wilkes said. The bastard was too charming for anyone’s good.
“And perhaps we can skip the studying and go straight to the fifth-floor tapestry, huh?” John suggested.
“That was all nonsensical panic, of course, our professors had it under control, checking that every piece of post was safe to pass on. Still, there was the fact of the hexes happening to begin with. Two students were sent to St. Mungo’s before anyone would listen to me. I solved it. Since then I’ve had a reputation as this powerhouse of deductive reasoning.”
Sherlock rounded on John with a sigh. They were right at the edge of the Forest now, yards away from Hagrid’s pumpkin patch. “Do try to keep up, John.”
When he came back down, bodysuit zipped all the way up to his chin, he shot a disgusted look in the direction of John's ecstatic one.
“Ah, that’s what you think, Morstan. Watson’s plenty good at bullshit. Remember that excuse he gave McGonagall for hitting Wilkes with the club in the Ravenclaw match last year?”
, was his reply, because he just didn’t know whether he should even tell Sherlock where he was, plus Sarah had shot him a look and he took that as the signal for his phone to be put away for the afternoon.
"Not alive, and not real, certainly, but a very good semblance of reality. You might think one of these things was sentient. But then"--he pulled the leg suddenly from the frog, which didn't react in the slightest to having a limb pulled from its body--"we mustn't forget that it's just chocolate." He popped the leg into his mouth. "John, you're staring."
“I’ll work on it,” he grumbled, which seemed to appease John, because he directed his attention straight back to the parchment in front of him without pursuing the subject.
“Of course,” John replied. He craned his neck and turned to kiss Sherlock’s jaw, the only part of his face that he could reach.
John's eyes went wide, and he was acutely aware of the looks on his friends' faces, the initial shock, then disgust, then amusement.
"No, it wasn't. It was Dad's. And now that I'm not a 'stupid little kid' anymore, I get that what he says isn't right. Harry's my sister, and even though she annoys me a lot, she's still the same Harry after coming out."
Mycroft is doing well at Apparition.” She eyed the elder Holmes brother and smiled, sickly sweet. “Mycroft was always such a wonderful child. You’ve done well, Violet.”
John didn't trust himself not to throw something. Fists clenched, he turned his back on Sherlock, breathing deeply. "I'm going to meet my mother," John repeated, dangerously quiet. "We are going to arrange my dad's funeral. If you don't like that...I don't know."
The boy, who Sherlock realized was older than him--he really should think him a man, but one of the things he'd noticed was the difficulty of calling other students 'adults'--looked sleepily down at his half-naked form and shrugged. "S'pose not," he muttered, then grinned at Sherlock. "But at least it's easier for me to keep my bits covered."
Happy fourth of July to all of my American friends. And in celebration of our independence, I post another chapter of...a crossover...of...two British franchises.
and make it up the stairs this time, are we?" He smirked, but it quickly melted when Sherlock nuzzled at his crotch.
"Regent's Park, I was thinking. Right down the street and all." John entered the sitting room with the small picnic hamper he'd been loading. "Unless you've got a better idea."
“Alright, then,” she sighed, and carefully lifted Sherlock into her arms, kneeling awkwardly to the side so that Sherlock could still reach John.
Sherlock held out a hand in John’s direction. John took it and pulled himself to his feet, staggering slightly and steadying himself by grasping Sherlock’s shoulder. “We should phone Lestrade.”
"Well, I was then. And you want to know why?" Sherlock stood and began pacing the room. "Because when you're a kid and you're curious, you do stupid things. You think, 'oh, it won't hurt to try this out, it's just an experiment,' but then you end up hurting someone you care about because what you did was completely
The castle was quiet, as it was nine o’clock on a Saturday morning. He’d expected to run into at least one person on his way to breakfast, but was starting to doubt it when all of a sudden an arm reached out from behind a tapestry and pulled him in.
"Well, sir, I must congratulate you on a somewhat clever murder scheme. I mean, it might have been good to get the poison off the premises. But as it is, I've got the Yard on call."
Sherlock shook his head. He giggled. “Maybe Gray’s just a big fat liar. He does have a painting in his attic that ages for him.”
“Oh, now, Sherlock, we both know that was just a test. A test you seem to be failing, if you think I was actually serious.”
"The good old days, huh?" Sherlock kissed him again, but with more heat this time. "What do you call today, then?"
“Sherlock,” he heard from a few yards out. He looked down and saw a blond head peeking out of the dark water.
Sherlock was already hanging up his phone and didn't hear the rest of what the man on the other line said. He burst outside and sprinted to the athletic fields.
John had chosen absolutely the wrong moment to take a sip. He choked into his cup as the door closed behind her and he realized her implication.
Most of the match passed in silence. Occasionally, they would clap when John made an excellent play, or when Westpark would score, but overall, Sherlock found the game rather dull. If it weren’t for the way John ran, with his elbows tight to his sides and an uneven bounce in his step, Sherlock would have pegged it as a lost cause and left.
He had long since stopped tickling, but John had continued to de-age. Finally, he was lying on the couch, giggling and clapping.
“I’m sorry I hit your new freak boyfriend,” Moran spat, now that he couldn’t see the murder in John’s eyes.
They arrived at the faire a short while later. Surrounded by jugglers and archers in polyester outfits, they made their way to the jousting arena at the centre, where a dozen horses stood in stalls next to a massive set of bleachers.
Without another word, Sherlock took his hand. John looked up at him, amused and wondering how often Sherlock actually got out into the Muggle world.
He'd barely finished the question before Sherlock was wrapped around him, his little arms tight around John's middle. Sherlock's affection was so enthusiastic that he had to return it, so he put his own arms around Sherlock's shoulders and squeezed.
“Sherlock, if you don’t let it heal, you’ll have to stop chasing criminals all over London. What’ll you do when you won’t be able to solve cases because you can’t walk?”
Sherlock knelt down to the man's level. "Yes, and so you tried to kill him, too," he said, suddenly serious.
He shook his head to clear it. He thought of Sherlock’s eyes when he’d thought John wasn’t what he said he was, and then how they had changed when he saw the bomb, and finally the way they had looked before the final standoff, when it was as though he had been asking for permission to carry out his improvised plan: an apology, regret and worry—those expressive eyes, so manipulative, so guarded, yet so revealing of the mind behind them.
Sherlock turned back to Jim and raised his gun confidently. “Then probably my answer’s crossed yours.”
Sherlock's lips turned up at the corners, one of his genuine smiles, and took John's hand just as the beat of the music shifted, and a new piece was emitted from the quartet at the top of the Hall.
Sherlock dragged John through the door to the Room of Requirement as soon as it appeared and threw him back against it as it closed, losing the last of his self-control now that there was what would appear to be a blank stretch of wall separating them from the rest of the school. The way his lips moved against John’s lips, his jaw, his neck, nearly made John’s knees give out.
All Mycroft could say was that they were lucky Halloween was on a Saturday, or Sherlock never would have made it out of the house.
“Like”—John turned over in Sherlock’s arms so that they were nose-to-nose—“the fact that I’m alone under the stars with the most gorgeous student Hogwarts has ever seen.”
"What if I say the wrong thing? Or if John starts crying?" He stopped, stared straight ahead in horror. "What if
“That’s right, Johnny-boy. It’s Ji-i-im! From IT!” the man with the childishly mischievous voice sang, and it was immediately clear where he’d heard it before. “Now, I’m gonna put this little earpiece here,” Jim continued, placing it in John’s ear and ghosting his fingers along John’s tense jaw.
That got an immediate reaction from Sherlock; he'd known it would. Sherlock's face popped up from John's neck, and his hips stopped thrusting. His lips were swollen and red from both John and himself biting them, hanging open as if he'd just been slapped.
“That’s exactly what I’m talking about, John. You don’t even realize when you do it, but you bring him up constantly. Tell me, was whatever you were about to say actually relevant to the trip?”
John became suddenly aware that his hand was still holding on to Sherlock’s for support, and his face instantly rose several degrees in temperature. Still, he couldn’t bring himself to take it away, especially with Sherlock gripping it so tightly in return. It was the one thing about him that felt or looked human at the moment. There was residual fear in that death grip, fear which John was more than willing to comfort, no matter how loudly his brain screamed at him that it was a bad idea, that if Lestrade’s team or any of Scotland Yard at all showed up and saw his hand in Sherlock’s, there would no doubt be more than the
John couldn’t contain his amusement. It was true—he was the one most likely to pull Sherlock out of danger, the one most likely to get him out of trouble for breaking his mother’s oft-broken-and-secretly-repaired vase, and the only one he’d willingly step away from casework for.
“Everything. Or nothing. I don’t know. All I know is that there are too many strange things going on here to take any of them for granted. Think about it, John—how common are Polyjuice impersonations of students?”
John sighed. "Sherlock Holmes," he began, shoving his face toward Sherlock's in a way neither of them was used to, aggression overpowering the usual rush of being so near each other. "If you think I was paying attention to anything but you lying on that floor, then you must not be as bright as everyone seems to think you are."
“Sherlock, are you…are you nervous?” It was something that John didn’t think him capable of at this point.
“Shut up, Harry.” The juxtaposition of Sherlock’s lisp with his bold stance finally drew a laugh from his brother.
"You know," Mr. Holmes said, "I think dinner at Angelo's is a great idea." Unbeknownst to both Sherlock and John, their parents had been planning on dinner together, and there was no doubt that Angelo would be accommodating to the plan stirring in Siger's head.
As soon as he saw his best friend, huddled between the wall and the bed, his apology was pushed out in a rush as he sprung forward and grabbed him tight. "Sherlock-I'm-so-so-so-sorry."
John looked at him suspiciously. “Sherlock, we were meant to leave ten minutes ago…or so your mother says….What are you doing?”
Harry grinned mischievously at him across the table when he firmly denied everything she insinuated about what had happened on the astronomy tower.
They made Sherlock leave while they cleaned and sutured the wound, mostly because he wouldn't stop babbling apologies and telling the doctor how to do her job.
Sherlock said nothing, simply studied his curious adversary, cocking his head as though in, of all things, fascination.
“I’m glad no one saw that,” John said, offering him an out but not exactly sure what he was saying himself.
They wandered through the house in silence, dodging the minimal security measures that looked as though they wouldn’t have held up even if they worked, they were so ancient. John decided that the house was probably being held up by nothing but magic. He was just about to say so when Sherlock suddenly went stiff beside him.
"A waltz," Sherlock mused as they stepped out onto the floor and both turned to face each other. "D'you know how to waltz?" He put his free hand on John's waist.
"No. If we went on another date, perhaps. They do say the third date’s the time for that," John joked.
"Yeah, but not like that. And I don't anymore. I'm grown-up, you can start calling me by my full name, thank you."
"Honestly, John, it's not a hard conclusion to jump to. We're on a picnic together, and all of the flowery language you inflict on your blog's delirious readership is likely to send them the wrong message."
John stared at him, his curls tamed for the time being, hair-care potion evidently being Sherlock's friend for the night's event. Sherlock was always stunning, as far as John was concerned (provided he'd managed to keep an experiment from turning his face some unsightly color), but there was something about him tonight that John wanted to place, but couldn't. He doubted whether it was the perfectly tailored dress robes or the extra care he'd taken with his hair that made him so irresistible, but instead his excitement, the very same excitement he'd been trying to suppress all week.
John glared at him for putting him on the spot and only agreed to it when he saw Mycroft impatiently roll his eyes. “Fine. What should I…which should I open?”
John wondered if this was Sherlock being melodramatic or if they really were unbearably…something. To Sherlock, being boring was tantamount to the most heinous sin someone could commit.  Aunt Wendy probably had an affinity for talking too much about her mundane Ministry job or something. John knew Sherlock well enough not to rule that out as a possibility.
Satisfied with his plans and deductions, Sherlock settles into his chair across from John and rests his gaze on the sleeping man.
“Call Greg.” He pulls the slide out from under the microscope and begins arranging all the equipment he’s used into a somewhat orderly fashion. “Tell him Neville St. Clair is alive, and that we’ll be by to explain everything as soon as we pay a quick visit to Boone.”
John felt immeasurably guilty, but he knew breaking things off with Mary was the right thing to do. He loved her. He really did. And he
He scrambled for something to say about that fateful night when Sherlock gave him that miracle, but he just couldn’t. He couldn’t find the words, couldn’t think about it without wanting to burst into further hysterics.
John, however, does wake up. He lifts his head to find himself in his chair, with Sherlock asleep across from him. The room is just beginning to fill with natural light.
With an involuntary sigh, Sherlock leans his head down until their temples rest against each other. John breathes evenly, his cheek tingling ever so slightly. In the warm and comfortable silence, he can’t stop gravitating closer.
He glances over his shoulder. Despite the obscurity of his wounded face, he can see that he’s caught Boone off guard. He’s staring intently at Sherlock, his expression shocked, almost fearful.
“All right, hold on.” He places the mug out of Rosie’s reach and grabs an empty one from the cabinet. “Here. This one’s not hot.” He holds it in front of her, and she runs her fingers over it, giggling.
Sherlock reaches out to accept another block from Rosie, which he carefully places at the highest point of their structure.
I'm going to miss writing this story, but I think I got what I wanted out of it. Thank you for reading!
John tilted his head up, chancing a glance at Sherlock’s face. Sherlock was looking right at him with a contemplative smile.
“I… Thanks, Sherlock.” Molly nods slowly. “I’ll… keep that in mind.” She opens the door, calls, “See you later,” over her shoulder, and lets it close behind her.
But it didn’t matter, because Sherlock wasn’t here. And John was left aimlessly wandering the streets.
“Not gay. No big secrets, at least none that I was able to deduce. Most incriminating thing is his habit of chewing his nails.”
“It was only a reference point. Do what you will with the information provided.” Sherlock glances quickly at John before speaking to Molly again. “Sometimes you just have to take a chance, because the chance is gone before you know it.”
“Three days ago, Neville St. Clair was reported missing. That’s when we come on the scene. Asking around, family, friends, when and where last seen. Leads him right to this area of town. Time checks out that he would be on this bridge just before the call. Later that evening, Neville’s coat is found washed up on the shore, but no body.”
John dials Lestrade and follows after Sherlock, who releases the door and starts down the hall. As the phone rings, he hisses to Sherlock, “You’re just showing off, aren’t you?”
It was crazy how half a second could bring everything screeching to a halt. How it had burst the bubble he’d been living in since his best friend had miraculously come back from the dead. The air outside the bubble was cold, leaving him frozen, almost paralyzed, with no idea how to proceed.
Two hours later, they’ve all wound down. Sherlock and John are back upstairs with Rosie in the sitting room, the fire crackling softly in the fireplace. Rosie is calmly playing with her blocks, all spread out between the armchairs. Every few minutes, she brings a random block over to Sherlock and John, who have settled on the floor a few feet away, building their own structure with the blocks Rosie keeps giving them.
But that shouldn’t have mattered, should it? It would ultimately be Mary John would be dancing with at the wedding, who he would dip at the end of the dance, and they would both laugh, and he would kiss her before lifting her back up.
“’Course.” Sherlock turns his head as movement catches his eye. Rosie’s reaching up toward his mug. He smiles at her and lowers the mug just a bit.
Upon seeing John enter the room, Rosie stops crying and starts giggling. Waving her little hands in the air, she calls out, “Dada!”
“I think she’s a bit young to be understanding the concept of prisms.” He holds out the circle/cylinder to Sherlock. “Where’s this one going?”
When they broke apart again, a stray tear had begun to run down John’s cheek. He turned his head away, hoping Sherlock wouldn’t notice it.
Eye contact can have strong effect. They’re both thinking about the same thing, and they both know they’re thinking about the same thing. The fall. A scream. Laying as still as possible. A desperate hand searching for a pulse. A pained voice,
Almost agonizingly slowly, John lets his hand brush against Sherlock’s, linking their smallest fingers. Moving only his eyes, he sneaks a brief glance at Sherlock, who sneaks a brief glance at their hands.
John barely has time to raise an eyebrow before Sherlock is at the door, saying, “Come along, John.”
John’s time in New Zealand, instead of putting his mind at ease as he’d hoped it would, forced him to worry about his mad flatmate. Every two hours, he found himself sending a text to Sherlock, never to get an answer. He didn’t bring up any of his thoughts with Sarah, but it was clear she knew exactly what was going on inside his head.
He was starting to hyperventilate when he found his father talking to some other parents outside a toilet. “Dad,” he said breathlessly.
The next song, just as Sherlock remembered, was more subdued, with a steady rock beat that settled them into a soft back-and-forth. John laid his head on Sherlock's chest.
There was no answer. John held him tighter and finally fell asleep himself, his small grin buried in Sherlock’s shirt.
"I can't believe"--John gasped as Sherlock nipped the sensitive spot below his ear--"you left him tied to a lamppost."
I'm gonna get back into it, though! I've been working on another project every day, so hopefully I can give a little time to this every day, too. This will be the side-project I wanted it to be, dammit!
They ordered one pepperoni and flipped the television to some science fiction film. John stretched out on the sofa. “Make yourself at home.”
He led John over to the cauldron in the corner. A golden liquid leapt in graceful arcs from one side of the container to the other, never spilling.
Moriarty prowled to the door and snapped his fingers. John was released as suddenly as he’d been restrained. By the time he turned around, already taking a defensive position, the only other person in the room was Sherlock, staring at him with the most sincere of apologies in his eyes. John slumped against the wall.
Without another word, they lay there for hours, watching the stars and smiling stupidly to themselves.
Sherlock didn’t like to think about that night, but he knew that John had a point. He also knew that if he were to immerse himself in a case of this magnitude, the little time he did spend with John would be lost.
"Sherlock, relax," Greg said, patting him on the back. "It's your wedding day, you're allowed to cry."
Mycroft grimaced, because that was the closest thing to smiling that Mycroft was capable of. “Sorry, brother dear. Maybe next year.”
"You never asked. Well, except for that first night, but in my defense, I didn't actually know you yet."
Sherlock gathered himself and cleared his throat pointedly. Mycroft seemed to realize that his fork was suspended halfway to his mouth and fixed that immediately. John coughed into his napkin and worried over his food. So
John glanced at Sherlock, realizing for the first time that he had no idea what the boy’s favorite dish was. Right on the heels of that revelation was the one that, knowing what it was, he might be able to coerce Sherlock into stepping away from his cauldrons and investigations to eat more frequently. He saw Sherlock’s smirk, as though he knew exactly what was going through John’s head—he probably did—and he was going to do his best not to be convinced so easily.
Adrenaline shoved him through it until he was able to drop Sherlock onto the little bed. He clutched at his shoulder and collapsed into the chair at his desk, eyes clamped shut in pain.
"I dunno. But we've got time to come up with a name." John stopped, considered the man who was sat in his lap. "Unless you come home with a puppy one day this week."
“It may as well be,” Sherlock replied, frustrated. John laughed. “And you haven’t even given me a gift yet.”
“We’ll have to take a look at some photographs, won’t we, John?” Sherlock’s mother said from just behind them. She’d apparently been listening.
“Sherlock, I know you hate not being able to do things, but that’s why you can’t give up now!” John grabbed his wrist before his wand made it to his pocket again. “Maybe you just need a stronger memory. What were you thinking of this time?”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "Oh, I don't think so," he replied, taking a step forward, but he stopped when he saw the knife the man clutched in his left hand. He remembered his deductions from earlier--
“Wilkes, I’ve told you, I didn’t hit you on purpose,” John sighed, not optimistic at all about the path the conversation might take.
“Right. Well, I’ve got a cab waiting. Lestrade said I should come wait here for you and we could go straight back to Scotland Yard. We’ve got a case on, a really brilliant one.” Sherlock’s eyes shined with excitement as he mentioned the case, and it was all John could do not to throw his arms around him in a fond embrace.
"Sherlock, what the hell are you doing?" He pushed him away much harder than he'd intended, sending Sherlock flying and knocking him to the ground.
John nodded. “I’ll keep that in mind.” He began to walk away toward the armchair in which Greg was dozing off over his playbook, but Sally stopped him.
"Gentlemen, I’ve spoken to your Heads of House. They’ve offered a simple extension of your previous detention. Now, Mr. Holmes—you’ve got my undivided attention. Why is it that you were out of bed in the first place?"
Sherlock almost shrugged, but he was suddenly distracted by the tongue tracing the shell of his ear. Instead he managed, “If it bothers you that much if they know, then we probably shouldn’t.” He recalled with fondness that first time he’d experimented with pleasuring himself, how at breakfast the next morning Mycroft refused to look him directly in the eye. He’d deduced that the same reason Mycroft had been uncomfortable was the same reason that he’d been able to heckle Mycroft’s singing voice all his life. As illustrious as the mansion was, the brothers were not blessed with the luxury of soundproof walls.
“One of these days he’s going to do something unforgivable and dangerous. Don’t get involved with Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock flopped onto his bed. "I've been working on this damned essay all day. It's so tedious. It's exhausting."
Greg smiled. "Couple months ago. I've missed you, Sherlock," he replied, and swept Sherlock into an unexpected hug.
"She is," Teddy sighed, then remembered who he was speaking to and composed himself. He coughed. "But, you know. She's also, you know." He clearly didn't know what else to say. John grinned. He knew how long Teddy had carried a flame for Victoire, and it was perhaps longer than he'd even known him, them being childhood friends. "Yeah." He pulled on his cloak and coughed again.
“Oh, is that what you were doing? Helping me with my essay? Why not actually help instead of shouting?”
“Maybe that’s why we get on so well,” John said, reaching out and beckoning him back to the stair. Instead of sitting, however, Sherlock pulled him to his feet and out into deeper water.
Half an hour later, they were surrounded by Christmas wrappings, putting off getting dressed until the last second. John and Sherlock were both lying in a sort of nest of wrappings, sighing pleasantly every so often. Even Mycroft sat forward with his legs folded, his elbows resting on his knees, and his eyes closed, a contented smile drifting dangerously close to the corners of his mouth.
"You"--John paused--"you weren't wrong." He glanced at Mrs. Holmes, who was staring blankly out the window.
Sherlock shrugged. "I rather like this arrangement," he replied, resting his chin on John's shoulder.
“I don’t know, Sherlock, I’ve got an essay due for Flitwick and I have to practice with the Snargaluffs if I’m ever going to pass the Herbology practical, and—”
When the song started, Sherlock's slurring and lisping contrasted comically with the gravelly level of his voice. "
someone? Sherlock, you didn't do anything but kiss me. You were totally innocent. I'm the one who pushed you down and shouted at you.
There seemed to be a sort of light reflected on the pillow that told John that Sherlock was smiling. “Isn’t this what you’d call atypical flatmate behavior?”
“You...really think so?” Even he knew it was lame, and he’d figured it would irritate Sherlock immensely to be asked to repeat himself.
. Practically coal-black with too-white whites, they remained untouched by any jest or condescension or even hatred. They were simply cold and dead.
Harry shook her head. "I should have known it was something ridiculous. Only you could burn your feet in the kitchen."
Sherlock sighed, and Greg silently rejoiced that his attempt to calm the mad groom was working. "I am."
. And I will continue to go after him. He's interesting. I'll admit, my first attempts at investigating him were a product of my fascination with his methods and his persona. And in a way, that's still the case. But I realize as well as you the danger we're both in as long as he's at this school, you in particular. What does it tell you that despite every failure of mine to expose whatever it is that he's doing, I keep at it? What does that tell you? There is nothing I would not do to keep you safe. I'm sorry if logical reasoning is the only way I know how." Tears bit at the corners of his eyes, and through the whole of his speech there was the threat of his voice breaking, but he had at least managed not to fall into a heap at John's feet.
“And wouldn’t that have been a bloody shame.” He smiled up at his friend, who reluctantly smiled back.
“I'm not really concerned about the weather. I don’t have anything to wear. Why would I bring swimming things to your house for Christmas? How was I supposed to know you’ve got a bloody swimming pool?”
John hummed thoughtfully, letting Sherlock's lips trail down his jaw. "I actually think this might be better."
“I know. I will.” He resented her treating him like a five-year-old, especially when she wasn’t known for always attending class herself, but he decided it was easier to catch flies with honey. “Thanks, Harry.”
"I'm sure you'll teach me." He leaned forward and pressed his lips to Sherlock's cheek. "I'll be an expert by the time I'm twenty."
"Well, she always raises her hand, even when she doesn't know the answer. And she's rubbish at maths."
John and Sherlock both waited for all the other packages to be unwrapped before even daring to give the other his gift. When the time came, they were surrounded by paper and both glanced at the tree. John’s gift for Sherlock was much more neatly wrapped, but that didn’t say much. As John looked at the lumpy package, he felt his heart stutter with the overwhelming warmth that overcame him, because he could tell just looking at it that Sherlock had tried to wrap it himself with magic, but gotten frustrated and finally just bound a ton of paper around the gift with Spellotape. He was reminded for perhaps the millionth time that it was not just his absolutely brilliant brain, but also Sherlock’s endearing and adorable imperfections which he was quickly falling for.
Lestrade arrived before Sherlock could do anything rash, along with an ambulance, which John was loaded into, practically batting away hands that intended to check his pulse.
John shook his head and grinned. “I’d rather save it for when I need it.” He pressed his lips chastely against Sherlock’s.
Concern. Again. Sherlock smiled bitterly. Then he laughed. He laughed and laughed. It wasn't a pleasant sound, even to his own ears.
It was lucky that Sherlock had grown bored of his company and decided to work on an experiment of some sort, giving John time to check the gifts and properly wrap them before going to the sitting room and placing them under the Christmas tree just as he heard Sherlock call him.
“Come on, Sherlock, can’t we just call it a night?” John whined. It was nearing midnight, and they were still in the freezing dungeons. Sherlock had been fruitlessly quizzing John for a solid four hours, pacing back and forth, squeezing every drop of knowledge of poisons from him and then, when the result was unsatisfactory, throwing his hands up in frustration before starting all over without so much as a word’s warning.
John glared at him for a long while. He pursed his lips and he sniffed insolently. However, he eventually muttered, "Fine."
!” More red specks appeared and danced over both their bodies as Moriarty came into view once again. “It is a weakness with me. But, to be fair, it is my
“No one said it, but I assumed based on the fact that we’re meant to be down at dinner soon and you’d like us both to look presentable. If I recall, 'thoroughly shagged' doesn’t fall into the definition of 'presentable,' does it?”
“And that’s without a partner. I’m curious about how different it would actually be with someone else, but I’m sure you’d rather not take the chance, what with—”
They barely broke apart to sit on the edge of the bed, and only really stopped snogging each other senseless when Sherlock pressed a hand to John’s chest, pushing him down onto the pillows gently. He looked down at him, suddenly uncertain. “Are you sure you want this?”
"Oh. Well then he has a good eye for making other people look entirely too attractive for their own good."
Sherlock muttered angrily, but did as he was told. John was just packing up their sandwiches when Sherlock came around the corner into the kitchen. John stopped dead and had to stifle a laugh.
Molly’s house was just around the corner, so Sherlock made sure she was locked up safe and sound before turning to John.
Something seemed to click behind Sherlock’s mask agitatedly as John watched and repeated the next words fed to him. He still struggled to keep himself upright. “I can stop John Watson, too.” Sherlock glanced at the red dot of a laser sight set on John. “Stop his heart.”
Don't be alarmed, the next chapter is where the actual original story begins, as opposed to this "John's internal thoughts" narration of what we already know nonsense that's been going on.
“But John…do you really want to spend the night in the same room with a boy who was almost an accessory to your murder?”
“Sherlock, there’s no way that’s comfortable,” John said. The words had barely left his mouth before Sherlock jumped to his feet and took the vacant spot on the mattress beside him.
John eventually also caught on to which presents had been wrapped by their father and which had been wrapped by their mother, for both boys seemed to have a much more difficult time deducing those that their mother had wrapped; more than once, John saw Sherlock practically throw his hands up in frustration before giving up and tearing the paper away. With John thrown into the mix, it seemed a nice change for Mr. Holmes to have wrapped presents that would actually be a surprise. His wife, it seemed, took this into account—significantly more of John’s gifts were wrapped by Sherlock’s father than were wrapped by his mother.
As Uncle Rudy greeted them all and introduced himself warmly to John, John couldn’t help but notice something off about Mycroft, who was eyeing his uncle suspiciously. He and Sherlock followed the others into the den.
“I said ‘I’m sorry,’ there’s nothing else I can do at the moment,” John muttered, kneeling in front of Sherlock again and studying the cut.
I'm in a good mood already, but comments will sustain it through the long weekend. Have a good two weeks, lovelies, and in the meantime,
John cocked his head as a small smile crept around the corners of his mouth. Somehow, Sherlock’s nerves were giving him more confidence. “You’re sure it’s not something else?” When he put a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, the younger boy sucked in a sharp breath through his teeth.
To John’s utter frustration, Jim simply laughed, although he wouldn’t have said he was entirely surprised. “Good! Very good!”
He shrugged. "Let's get back to the Yard," Sherlock suggested, leading John back out onto the street.
He took an irritated swig of cocoa and returned to the essay he was working on. It wasn't due for another two days, but he had run out of things to do in his hall. If it hadn't been for the cold, and his unwillingness to venture out in it, he wouldn't be writing the damn thing. He would likely instead be at dinner with John, whom he had turned down in favor of staying warm, holed up in his room.
John slapped his shoulder, half angry, half amused. "You git. We could've been doing this for months."
"Repeat after me," the man came to eventually, and it reminded Sherlock so much of a pompous schoolteacher that he had to squeeze John's hands tightly to keep from laughing out loud. "I, John Hamish Watson..."
"No, right. Your right. For god's sakes, John!" Sherlock threw his hands up into the air and spun around dramatically.
"Hang on, it's not on right," he replied sternly, but with a bit of fondness for the familiar 'Father Christmas has been here, how are you still in bed?' expression on Sherlock's face, one usually reserved for particularly gruesome and secretive high-profile cases.
Sherlock hesitated. "You know, she'll move out soon. She's going to be eighteen in a few weeks. Maybe she won't get drunk as much when she doesn't have to go home to your father." Sherlock didn't want to mention why Harry and her father didn't get along--it hit too close to home, and he didn't like to think about it.
“You know…I’m a bit cold,” John said, and Sherlock immediately conjured up a blanket which fell over them. John smiled, his eyes closed.
," Sherlock groaned dismally, reminiscent of a child being told that his holiday had been pushed back a week.
Sherlock almost convinced himself not to go back to school the next day. He assumed Mycroft’s attempt to rewind the day had been unsuccessful, as he never returned to the house that night. He wasn’t sure how he dragged himself to the bus stop, or how he forced himself to get off near the school, but here he was, trying to remain invisible as he walked to his first lesson of the day.
“No, you go first,” he replied to Sherlock. He resisted adding, “You already know what you’re getting anyway.”
If anyone had told Sherlock a week ago that he would be showering with his boyfriend just before a family dinner which was supposed to revolve around said boyfriend and his birthday, he wouldn’t have wanted to believe it, because it would have been too good to be true, not to mention he would surely ruin it with his ridiculous self-indulgence and lack of control around John.
"Sherlock, you've been a prat from the time you were in your booster seat. I fell in love with a prat."
Sherlock stared at John over his shoulder for a very long time, but turned away without uttering a single word.
"Fire alarms don't exactly run on a schedule, do they?" Sherlock snapped, immediately turning red. "And I don't suppose you were prepared, either."
They floated on their backs with their hands clasped together for a long while. John closed his eyes and imagined what sort of gift Sherlock might be planning to give him. He almost laughed at some of the possibilities.
Sherlock paid for the chocolates and they made their way from the shop. “It’s nearly lunchtime,” John pointed out. “You must be hungry, you didn’t eat this morning.”
“Who’s first?” Sherlock’s father asked from his plush armchair as John took a seat next to Sherlock.
He would be lying if he said he was looking forward to getting older. Sure, he had Sherlock, and he would always love him, and there was certainly no end to casework in sight. But, funnily enough, although it was his birthday, it was the knowledge that Sherlock would turn 30 in just a few months that made him feel old. He didn't feel as old as he'd thought he would at, say, fifteen, but he was still struck by the notion of aging as he watched lines appear in new places each year, felt new stiffness at times, beyond the normal twinges in his leg that warned him of rain.
Sherlock never failed to amaze John in his deductive power, even after all these years. There was nothing surprising about it anymore, but it was still thrilling, watching him reduce the suspect before them to an angry mass of bad intentions.
“Who are you?” Only John himself could possibly have heard the desperation in the man’s voice as he kept himself from shouting.
A pub crawl for Lestrade's stag do had seemed a good idea in the beginning, all the way up until about two pubs ago. That was when it had suddenly turned into a
"Sherlock, calm down. Everyone's at Dueling Club, and then they'll all go to dinner. We can take it slowly," John pointed out now, somewhat disappointed at the lack of physical contact while Sherlock less-than-gracefully tore off his clothes.
They stepped into the lift. "You mean you didn’t pick that outfit for exactly the way your arse looks in it?"
There was a small click in his ear, and the slight static from John’s earpiece cut off. It was time for the show, he realized.
He turned to walk away. With a flick of his wand, John’s legs were free to kick and thrash suddenly against Sherlock’s side, forcing him to look away from the boy he’d been investigating for weeks without even knowing his name.
“A few moments after it is ingested, the truth flake will compel a person to speak the truth. Many believe it is most effective when used in a 99, but that is widely debated among—”
Mrs. Holmes came running, with Mycroft and her husband right on her heels. “Oh, Sherlock, sweetie,” she cooed, kneeling down next to him and petting his head, urging him to let her see his arm.
Sherlock did as he was told, dazed by his father’s quick thinking. It wasn’t two minutes, and his father came up the corridor that ended in the front lobby of the school. Mrs. Holmes was right on his heels.
In the two years he'd known him, John had hardly seen Sherlock so excited. It would have been a wonder to anyone else why he was looking favorably on a social gathering, but John was not a part of the ignorant masses in this scenario. He knew Sherlock Holmes better than he knew himself, which was why he'd agreed to orchestrate this event in the first place.
John was suddenly beginning to realize he rarely saw Sherlock at mealtimes, but he’d assumed it was his way of avoiding people, going to meals early to skip the rush.
--and saw the single paragraph he'd managed to write. "You did this much in one day?" he said with false incredulity. "How
Sherlock broke away abruptly and ran to his bed, sitting cross-legged, facing John and looking rather more nervous than he ought to have been, making John smile. “There’s a guest suite if you want it. Mycroft’s probably already had your things taken up there, but…if you want to, you could…” He trailed off, twisting his fingers together in his lap before gesturing vaguely at the space around him.
“Mycroft and I always open gifts from each other on Christmas Eve. We save our parents’ gifts to us for tomorrow morning.”
"What is that?" Sherlock demanded. He and John had just walked into the house; their backpacks still hung on their shoulders.
John had finished brushing his teeth and was now settling on the floor. "Just tell us if you need anything, John," Mrs. Holmes said kindly, and she patted the top of his head before leaving the room.
“What you wish to do with your candy is entirely up to you,” Sherlock said. There was a twinkle in his eye not dissimilar to the one that had occurred when they’d broken into the kitchens that morning.
“I suppose it is.” John nodded thoughtfully. He could feel the flush creeping into his cheeks as his fellow Gryffindors’ eyes bored into him.
Sherlock stared at him in disbelief. “Cute?” he said finally. “I’m cute?” He practically spat out the word as though it tasted awful on his lips. John rolled his eyes.
Victor had gone home for the weekend; it was his grandmother's birthday or something just as equally non-thrilling. Lucky him, for not having to reside in the arctic.
"Look at her bookbag. Brightly coloured in the fashion of someone unaccustomed to carrying it around the city. She's also got sunglasses on her head that doing match her outfit, probably the only ones she brought with her. I'd say she's an American student, in London for a month or so."
When he was free of the babble of hundreds of students eating and speaking with friends they hadn’t seen all summer, John could clearly hear footsteps on the stair to the dungeons.
"She's doing well, John. No major incidents yet this term. I daresay she may make it through this year without being expelled," Sherlock murmured.
“What is it, Sherlock?” John nearly shouted, turning to his flatmate, who still hadn’t moved from the window.
"I went after him. I am still going after him. Nothing he's doing at the moment is any concern of mine, yet I am
“Would you shut up a minute?” John sighed. “Sherlock, it’s fine. Truly. It’s better than fine, really. We are in a relationship. When we talked about it before, you were interested. So it is good to know you’re actually attracted to me.”
It was a long while before either of them spoke. "My dad died last night. Mum was there, said it was peaceful."
"Yes," John replied tersely. His false ears drooped forward as he bowed his head. "That's worse, too."
John didn’t ask how he knew. He assumed the evidence was somewhere in the way the man walked or held himself. He felt his jaw hanging open, however, and struggled to clamp it shut.
A few hours later, he blinked groggily at the ceiling. The room was dark, and the presence of five other boys sleeping soundly all around him registered almost at the same time as that of the growing wet spot at the front of his pants.
John was excited, which was to be expected. Rather than annoying, as Sherlock normally found others' excitement over trifling events, he found John's commitment to Y2K celebrations endearing. He'd made a list of resolutions, and although John was more disciplined than most, Sherlock had a wager with Molly that they would only last to the 6th, when Sherlock's birthday celebrations would put an end to the ridiculous attempt to eat healthier when Mrs. Hudson came round with some of her mince pies.
“Please, John, it’s not as though it makes any difference. It’s not like he’s going to strip down to his knickers in the sitting room. It’s not as though it’s news to any of us.” Sherlock said, snapping him out of his shock.
Sherlock counted off two bars before very deliberately taking the first step, and was delighted to find that John had actually moved the correct foot this time. Just three beats, then a full stop halfway through the first box, but Sherlock took the fact that they hadn't tripped over each other at all as a victory, because John's dancing truly was appalling.
John pulled Sherlock’s face up to his, kissed him on the cheek. "Sherlock, let me ask you something. Will separating us change the way you feel about me? Will it make you care for me any less?"
The first Quidditch match of the season was to pit Gryffindor against Slytherin. In the days leading up to it, John was confronted in the typical ways by banter and hostility from both houses, hearing everything from the somewhat frightening “You better not fuck it up, John,” to the astonishingly playful “Are you ready to be annihilated, Watson?”
"Sherlock." John finally slammed his mug down in frustration. "It's gorgeous out, why are you along around the flat?"
Sherlock’s hands flew out to bat the piece of chocolate out of John’s hand, but he stopped himself, unable to think of a proper excuse. “Honestly, John, I don’t see how it could be any different from what you usually have with ice cream,” he said very quickly.
Sherlock had known the party would be dull, but he'd agreed to attend on the condition that he could bring John as his date. Unfortunately, Mycroft had agreed without any arm-twisting, and so Sherlock had had no grudge to hold against him, and no legitimate excuse to skip it.
to glance at them standing so close together and roll his eyes. John tugged uncomfortably at the collar of his shirt, eliciting a similar facial gesture from Sherlock.
simply flown into the path of his already swinging club, and that John would have stopped himself if he’d seen him coming.
It wasn't that he didn't want to be here. He was excited--truly overjoyed--to be marrying John. The problem came in the form of about fifty people looking at him expectantly. He wondered what it was about crowds that sapped all recollection of memorized words as he silently panicked over his vows.
“I don’t want to risk being insensitive in the future. I’m not really known for my people skills, and although you seem to like me, I’d rather not have that changing because of my big mouth.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but indulged John's kiss. His fingers found the back of John's head and ran through his hair. "You're going to need a haircut soon," he murmured against John's lips.
It was a pretty dodgy part of town: drug dealers on nearly every corner, with crack dens in-between. He was unsurprised to come across a few addicts on the street, track marks barely hidden by jackets with half-rolled sleeves, always a signal to avoid someone who was likely high. Some of them didn't even look his way; others gazed at him, unblinking, seeming to wonder whether he was worth mugging. All of them came to the conclusion that he wasn't. Not that he cared--he had his gun tucked safely into his coat.
Before he had a chance to begin, however, Wendy spoke again. “Oh, how lovely. Delia’s not spoken with him yet, but—oh,
“Yeah! And then everybody in her class put stickers on it and her friend even drew a picture on it.”
"No, they do. There's a girl in my chemistry class who refused to talk to me when she found out we were together."
The pot was boiling over, and he shot across the kitchen to turn off the burner. "Sherlock, get away from--"
By the time he made it down the stairs and into the car park across from the building, he'd already attracted plenty of pitying stares and childish giggles. He couldn't be arsed to care, however, until he noticed the boy standing next to him.
Moments later Sherlock hears the stove click off and dishes being moved around before soft footsteps slowly made their way over to him. Sherlock didn't move and instead kept his gaze on the ceiling until John cleared his throat. Reluctantly Sherlock looked at John but avoided making eye contact.
He had barely settled himself in the backseat again before the car took off again. John stared out the window, not really taking in the London scenery. He was more watching the lights go by as he mulled over his thoughts again. He didn't even notice that the car had stopped until he felt the woman poke him.
"Do you see a single needle prick?! No, because I haven't been using, you utter cock! I've kept clean specifically because I knew you'd be angry with me!" He pulled his arms back towards his body to keep himself from shoving John. John who's face was now pale and filled with guilt. "Now get the hell out of my flat! You don't live here anymore and you have no right to treat me like shit in my own home!"
He could see his reflection already and as he got closer he could see John's mistake. His eyes were bloodshot, not red. Slowly Sherlock let out a pained chuckle as tears began threatening to spill over again. He needed out, to escape this hell but he couldn't even leave the bathroom with John taking up the entire doorway.
John knew he was probably crazy for the decision he was making but as the car pulled up to his shitty flat only moments later he practically rushed up the stairs to grab his few belongings. He stood in the room for a long moment, his laptop in hand and his gun safely tucked into the back of his trousers. He hated this place since he returned and gave it one last meaningless smile before flipping it off and heading back down the stairs, a bit slower this time.
Of course, having a normal life was something John thought he wanted but deep down he knew it wasn't. So instead he shook his head, mindset on his next course of action.
Sherlock felt as if the air had been stolen from his lungs. John looked breathtaking, his short blonde hair somewhat mussed, his pupils blown wide and just barely showing the ring of blue around them, his cheeks darkened red with a blush that perfectly complimented his complexion and his lips just slightly shiny from their previous activity.
The walk took about three hours and he was a tad chilly when he returned home and as he expected the flat was empty. It shouldn't hurt him that John went off with a woman but it did. They were supposed to be together and that usually didn't consist of cheating. Perhaps he read everything wrong and they weren't together.
"Sherlock I- I should apologize for a lot. I never meant to hurt you, I wasn't trying to but amidst my stupidity, I ended up doing the very thing I didn't want to do. I want to make it up to you, just tell me how I can." John's voice cracked many times as he spoke and desperation was clear in his voice. Sherlock paused for a moment and looked at John.
"If you want me, John, then why did you leave last night with that lady," Sherlock pushed, somewhat glaring at John.
When John nodded Sherlock smiled and slowly stood from his chair. He crossed the space between them and stood before John, who quickly set his plate aside and stood. They were only inches apart and Sherlock could hear his heart beating a mile a minute.
Sherlock forces himself to not react as he downs two pills. As he turns to respond, John begins again.
John looked lost, as if he wanted to say something but wasn't quite sure how to go about saying it. Sherlock almost felt bad for him, almost. But Sherlock didn't feel that John deserved his pity at this moment. Afterall the blonde had been playing with his emotions.
John was probably crazy for diving into danger headfirst but he couldn't help it. It made him feel so alive like there was actually a point to his life. Something he hasn't felt since he was in Afghanistan. It's weird to think that being in a war could make someone feel more alive than living a normal life without constantly being in danger.
He may like being alone for short periods of time but not this perpetual solitude he was stuck in now. He hated this with every fiber of his being. Sherlock wanted John's company but he knew that would put John at risk. Instead Sherlock hid away where no one would find him and remained alone. Every night Sherlock would cry himself to sleep and wake up at some point in the middle of the night due to his constant nightmares. He was always screaming John's name, begging him not to leave him alone.
Sherlock has assumed they are in a relationship due to the fact that they had sex roughly a week ago and kissed once since then. However he has just seen his 'boyfriend's walking off from a crime scene with a woman, kissing her and holding her close. Non-established as only Sherlock believes they are together.
"I stayed there for the night, no sex, I slept on the couch. I thought- I thought you wouldn't want to see me. I didn't really sleep though, mostly laid awake thinking about how much I fucked up and how I needed to fix this. God, I didn't realize you thought we were together if I knew I wouldn't have gone with her. I'm so sorry Sherlock."
John didn't have the energy to argue, but couldn't bring himself to leave Sherlock alone, lying on the sofa in his dressing gown.
“I know.” John did know that. He knew that Sherlock and Violet—geniuses, with a bit of madness to supplement it beautifully—loved perhaps more deeply than most, they simply weren’t likely to change their behavior in the face of emotion. It was a defense mechanism—not because they were overly vulnerable. No, that wasn’t it. It was to protect the functionality of the mind and keep it separate from distraction. So when Sherlock experienced a surge of emotion, it was expressed as a particularly grueling Potions studying session or a long, drawn-out case that would stretch on for days. The addition of more madness to the already unfathomable lack of sanity was only noticed by the one who craved it to begin with.
, I noticed." Sherlock saw that they had passed John's room, but John was still walking with him, so he explained the things about John's appearance that had tipped him off.
Sherlock snorted in amusement. “Of course I do. Bloody moron had it coming. Why is this match such a big deal, though? That was last year.”
"I tried to tell you, it's just a sprained wrist," a nearby teammate said, sheepishly holding up his phone. Sherlock recognized him as John's co-captain.
"I'm not making fun of you, Honeybee. It's just good situational comedy." He wiped tears from his eyes. "I can't believe it. Our lives are a sitcom."
"I'll tell you what it's like. It's disgusting! Did you think I wanted to kiss you? Cause I didn't, okay!" He knocked him down once more.
"So, where are we going on this picnic?" Sherlock's sarcasm was audible even from his resumed position on the sofa.
Sherlock sighed. “Coming along. The potion’s finished. All I have to do now is hope Mycroft stays out of my bedroom long enough to get the results.”
She sighed. "Can't help you there. The only thing I could possibly say is to tell him. But that didn't work out so well for me, so..."
The silence returned. It was more than John could bear. Before he had a chance to change his mind, he stood, leaned down, and gently pressed his lips to Sherlock’s.
Greg sighed. “Right. Come on, then,” he said after a long pause, then walked off in the direction of the headmistress’s office.
“I…I don’t know.” John hadn’t any idea what he’d intended to say. If he was being honest with himself, he would’ve said that he’d just wanted to break the silence and hear Sherlock’s voice.
Had he been there by his side, Sherlock would have chided him for his politeness. John was suddenly struck with an image of Sherlock at his house, with all of Aunt Edith’s pointless collections which filled locked rooms, armed with his lock-picking contraption. He snorted. It was very unlikely that Sherlock and Aunt Edith would get along very well.
“How about…I’ll just, um...” Sherlock stammered, lifting a hand from where it lingered at John’s waist and reaching between them awkwardly, but still not touching himself or John.
John hadn’t slept a wink the night before, and so an empty compartment had been welcome onceClara had come to find Harry and drag her off with some other sixth years. John had been left to lie down across one of the seats and let himself drift off. He had expected Moran or Mary or maybe even Stamford to come in and disturb him, but miraculously the door had remained shut and no one had bothered him.Changing into his school robes, he left his tie loose around his neck, not wanting to tighten it until the very last second.
“Sherlock,” John whispered, and it was a much more gentle sound than he would have thought possible, with the pleasure unfurling intensely throughout his entire body. “God, Sherlock,” he murmured again as he came, a little more hoarsely as his voice cracked. Sherlock tensed above him and cried out, his own orgasm drawn from him at the sound.
It had become such a habit of his to study his fellow occupants of the lift for clues about their recent activities that Sherlock couldn't keep himself from doing the same to John Watson.
“I just wanted to wish you good luck. Not that it matters, as luck is a completely false idea used to socially justify success and excuse failure.”
Once again, Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Of course not. But I’ve mastered it, to a degree. I don’t usually have much trouble in…that area.”
“Nothing I couldn’t handle, though someday I’d like to hit that bloody self-righteous smirk right off his face.”
“And it is. Our family come from a long-respected magical bloodline. Each and every one of us realized our power at sixteen years of age. We can then begin training to harness that power and use it.”
Although he had a bad feeling about it, John humoured Sherlock and discreetly set off for the third floor at a quarter to ten.
"Sherlock, there's n-no p-point." John tried to hang onto his arm as he crawled out from under the blankets and opened the door.
"Sher—Sherlock, let’s not do this here, please," John whispered, suddenly aware of where they were and how far he was actually willing to take things in such a public area.
John heard a distant door open, and Moriarty shoved him between two concealing panels. “You know the drill, Johnny-boy. You say whatever I say, and you won’t find yourself...” He made a noise like a bomb going off, throwing his arms wide in another childish display before running off and hiding himself.
Sherlock scoffed, but didn’t have an argument. It was just the thing he was worried about, doing something to reveal himself and at the very least alienating John, if not actually harming him. He stood. “I’m going to bed,” he muttered.
"So, what have you got so far?" John asked as he licked away a stray bit of chocolate and gave Sherlock his ice cream.
"Take my hand," John murmured, holding it out. When Sherlock hesitated, John took control, pulling Sherlock in suddenly and swaying to the quick-paced music. He grinned. "Dance with me."
In silent agreement, they handed each other their gifts and began unwrapping them. Both smiled as John revealed a new book of advanced Healing potions and Sherlock uncovered a pair of protective goggles.
“Although, I am curious,” he went on, confirming Sherlock’s suspicion, “how you knew Mrs. Johnson was pregnant. She hadn’t even told the rest of us yet.”
It wasn’t something that he thought about. It was just something that happened. John dropped the sweets he was holding and threw his arms around Sherlock. He attacked his mouth, tasting that morning’s butterbeer along with something he couldn’t identify but that was somehow uniquely Sherlock. He pressed the taller boy’s back to the nearest wall and relished the hands that now found their way to his hips, sliding his tongue along Sherlock’s in the best kiss they’d shared to date.
“Or the fact that his lips are mere inches from mine.” John took advantage of that and touched them softly with his own. “Or that I had a marvelous time with you today.”
of December. Sherlock didn’t hesitate to remind him that ringing in the New Year with a raucous celebration was pointless, because it meant absolutely nothing, and nothing would change when it came. John didn’t argue. He knew it was true. All it meant to him that the year was ending was that they were that much closer to going back to Hogwarts and not being able to have lie-ins like the one they had that morning.
“Sure,” John replied. He wondered whether he should reach for Sherlock’s hand or wait until they got into town.
Sherlock glanced at the clock above the lighted mirror. "We've got about twenty minutes. I don't know why everyone else is so eager to get out there, it's just one badly-written song and a bow." They had been alone in the dressing room for a few minutes already, their castmates having leapt at the chance to leave.
The way Sherlock gave the tour, it lasted a whole day and a half. Granted, that was because he seemed insistent on snogging in most rooms—the library, the lounge, and the sun room, to name just a few. This meant that John spent the greater part of his birthday wandering from room to room and simply waiting for Sherlock to attack him on some well-placed sofa or chair, or, as in the case of the sitting room, an extravagant footstool. He couldn’t complain, even when Mycroft walked in on them at it on the baby grand piano and turned around and walked right back out without a word.
The strangest thing about starting at a new school was the lack of reputation to live up to or—as was more often the case when it came to other students—live down. No one knew his family, no one knew his past, and he was certainly grateful on both counts of ignorance, however short-lived they were likely to be.
Dinner couldn’t have lasted longer, in Sherlock’s opinion. And then, even after they’d all finished their ice cream, his father insisted upon bringing out a small gift for John. He would have rolled his eyes, but he remembered that John wasn’t used to proper birthdays, and so it was good for him to have more than one gift anyway.
They laughed through the next few lines, struggling to actually read the words, but when they reached the chorus, they hardly stumbled at all.
Mike shook his head at the two of them. He smiled. "I'm off to class. I would offer to tell Professor Binns where you are, Sherlock, but I doubt he'll notice."
Sherlock at their table had become a typical sight for John’s fellow Gryffindors, and so when he plopped down before John had had a chance to, he was simply greeted with an overly enthusiastic “Hello, Sherlock!” from Harry and a nod from Lestrade.
“You’re good for him, John. Just the perfect mix of mild-mannered and willful. You’re bound to get into some trouble, though. I’m sure you two already get up to all sorts of things that I don’t know about,” she continued with a rather Sherlockian smirk, and John choked on his cider as he realized why Sherlock had clammed up. He glanced across the table to see Mycroft staring at his mother in horror. Mr. Holmes could barely contain his laughter.
What had he liked? Why had he liked it? Would Sherlock like the same things? More importantly, was Sherlock good at it? Was John? Of course John was good at it. He was good at everything.
“Yeah. Yeah, I’m fine.” Sherlock was pulling the bomb away from him now, more panicked than John had ever seen him. “I’m fine,” he tried to reassure him, no matter how untrue it was. “Sherlock.”
They'd been on rocky terrain for weeks, since John had begun spending more time with his dying father. He should have known it was only a matter of time before the tinderbox exploded into the largest fight they'd had to date.
, and he was beginning to think the parcels would never reach their destination when there was a tap at the library window, and he looked up to see a very large tawny perched next to them just outside.
Sherlock slapped a hat onto his head and nodded, offering a fake salute. "Yes, sir," he said, and grinned.
“You’re not a ‘Holmes boy’ yet. Not until you’ve endured Christmas dinner with our extended family.”
, who I should probably thank more often because she tolerates my rants about AU ideas and my writer's block breakdowns, as well as me spoiling my own stories for her.
Sherlock smirked suddenly. “I wonder how you would react if I told you I’m wearing women’s underwear.”
In his room, Sherlock wondered whether John was asleep, and if so, what he was dreaming of. He hoped it was him.
It turned out to be some sort of exotic root that Sherlock had apparently been looking for in any shop he came across for the past two years. Naturally, he feigned casual interest, but insisted that their excursion was over and that they should go home now.
The latter had come from one Irene Adler, whose Seeking skills were rivaled only by those of Sherlock Holmes. Irene always had a sort of likeable confidence about her—at least, John saw something worthwhile in it. Most thought her rather a bitch, but it wasn’t as if she cared. Her ultimate goal was to be queen bee, and by God,
By now, John had made his way back to the bed and sat on the edge, and Sherlock cut him off with his own mouth. He was pushed back onto the mattress almost by Sherlock’s lips alone. How did he do that? How was his mouth so talented that he could bend John to his will by simply slotting it around and against John’s? He shuddered at the thought of what it might feel like against other parts of him. There was absolutely nothing John wouldn’t do for that perfect mouth, with all the wonderfully imperfect things it said and the absolutely thrilling things it
John shook his head. He supposed he'd been lucky enough to get Sherlock to Gryffindor Tower. After his sudden breakdown and the subsequent tearful embrace, he had gone right in for the kill, swooping his head down to mouth at John's earlobe while at the same time lifting John's leg to his waist and whispering, "I love you, John. I really and truly do love you."
“Thank you,” Mrs. Holmes said, and began the strange walk to the edge of the playground. John tried his best to keep up, and was grateful when they were finally in the backseat of the Holmes’s car. He wasn’t sure how Sherlock’s mother had managed to place him in his car seat without removing his hand from John’s, but before he knew it they were rolling along Caledonian Road, Sherlock’s breaths still coming in short hiccups.
The boy, who bore a striking resemblance to Sherlock despite some unpleasant difference that John couldn’t quite identify, smirked in Sherlock’s direction. Sherlock glared at him.
By the time the Sorting ended and food began to appear on the plates, Holmes looked as though he might commit a murder just so he didn’t have to sit and watch people eat. Because that’s all he was doing—he himself wasn’t eating. He wasn’t talking. He simply sat there, complete and utter boredom making him slouch as his eyes zipped from face to face.
When his new friends accidentally have some ice cream adorned with truth flake, Sherlock learns some things he might not wish to know.
John smiled and nodded, remembering those school gatherings during their first year together, how they would agree to sneak off together after "one more dance" that always turned into five. "Of course."
"Good. Everyone needs a day off every once in a while." John kissed the spot that his hand had just been. "Now get dressed. I'll make some lunch."
After some deliberation with himself, Sherlock seemed to settle on facing the path, landing him beside John with his legs stretched out in front of him. They were so long that the soles of his shoes spilled over the edge of the sheet into the grass. John coughed again.
John's steps faltered, as though he were about to come to a halt. "How on earth could you possibly know all of that?"
Sherlock felt his wide eyes and stiffening spine betray the calm he wanted to convey as he glanced hurriedly down to make sure his towel hadn't shifted in some indecent way.
When he walked into the dormitory, he unconsciously glanced at Moran’s bed, just as he had every night since he’d been kidnapped. Increasingly often, Moran didn’t even make it back to bed. John hadn’t thought much of it when the behaviour began at the start of term, but it now forced him into a constant state of panic as to when his former friend might come up. He rarely got any sleep anymore, for fear of the psychopath coming in late while he was vulnerable.
"And I should get to work," John said. "I'll talk to you tomorrow, Sherlock." He'd made it all the way to his room before turning and adding, "Oh, and Sherlock? The party, it's fancy dress. Hope that's not a problem." With that, he winked and disappeared through the open door.
“The hell you are.” John situated himself between Sherlock and the exit. “You’re not going home until I get at least some explanation.”
Sherlock helped John out of his shirt and jeans, relieved for his own sake that his vest stayed on, and John returned the favor, muttering an amused, “I knew it,” when he saw Sherlock’s pants. Sherlock snickered.
“Sherlock? What are you doing here? Aren’t you supposed to be studying with—?” His father was cut off by a shriek from John.
Sherlock looked at him warily, but slowly stood, letting the sheet remain draped over his shoulders. To his surprise, John walked away, up the stairs and into his old bedroom.
He felt a concerned hand on his shoulder. "Sherlock." Unlike the other voices, this one was clear as a bell, and he looked up with wide eyes at the real John Watson. He was on his feet quicker than he would have ever thought possible, every one of his limbs wrapped around John as though the whole experience had turned him into some sort of constrictor. John embraced Sherlock in return, though Sherlock could feel him staring over his shoulder at his own horrible form on the floor.
John watched him sink to the floor. He sat down as well before saying, "I guess I'll sit here and talk with you 'til they're done."
Sherlock took John's waist again, this time only slightly touching, holding him at a respectful distance.
“What? No, Sherlock, we have to stay, we’ve got to wait here. We can’t just leave a bomb lying around.”
He held his breath and resisted shutting his eyes tightly as it spun. When it finally landed on Molly, he sighed in relief and kissed her hard. A few of the others catcalled, and Greg laughed, "I didn't think
John smiled. "We've got to get out there," he murmured, clearly not wanting to break Sherlock away from his happy reflection on recent events.
“Sherlock!” He jumped away, startled, and heard him chuckle. “You prat,” he said, turning to look at him with a smile and swinging the sock he was holding at Sherlock’s shoulder.
He thought of Sherlock’s hand, fingers faintly stained and scarred here and there from years of experiments, held out in aid and comfort. When he’d taken it, he hadn’t realized he wouldn’t want to let go. But here he still was, wishing to go back to the moment he’d lost it and hold a little tighter, not let Sherlock leave his side.
Sometimes he forgot why he refused. Then a nearby urn would explode or a particularly annoying peer would fall to the floor with shoelaces inexplicably tied together and Sherlock would congratulate himself on his restraint in mortal matters of romance.
“He’s been helping me with potions,” John replied, a bit more defensively than was probably necessary.
Sherlock couldn’t disagree. The jumper had quickly turned into one of his favorite articles of clothing. In fact, he’d wondered ever since he found out about the magic in his family whether Aunt Dell had put some sort of enchantment on it to make it fit perfectly.
Another Hogsmeade weekend and a continued lack of leads meant John had one way to deal with a restless Sherlock.
John laughed bitterly, cutting her off. “Oh, please, this has nothing to do with what school he goes to. In fact, Hogwarts is the best school of wizardry there is, and you’re an idiot for sending your children anywhere else. No, this is about your son being a bully and you letting him get away with it.”
John rolled his eyes. Not that he didn't think Sherlock capable of snapping the man's neck in some cleverly painful way.
McGonagall stared at him for a long while. He stared back at her with something in his eyes that John had never seen before. It was almost a plea, but Sherlock Holmes didn’t truly plead. Finally, her head tilted back and she glanced at John before replying. "Alright. But be careful. If anything like this happens again, the matter—this 'case'—is out of your hands, Mr. Holmes, and into mine." She turned back to the door and was halfway out of the room when she added, "And don’t do anything that might get you another detention tonight, gentlemen. Good night."
John was a bit startled when Sherlock and Mycroft sat on the floor next to the tree and crossed their legs in front of them like children. Mycroft simply looked uncomfortable and unnatural in the position, his gangly limbs in front of him casually. Sherlock didn’t look out of place at all, which was possibly even more surprising than his willingness to follow what was obviously a tradition that he’d held from childhood.
“Come on, John. We could go to the Shrieking Shack. Ridiculous to think it’s haunted, but it is a rather interesting old building. We could break in.”
“It’s lucky you aren’t able to seal your spells just yet,” Mr. Holmes remarked as his wife went about performing the necessary magic.
Sherlock gasped, and then groaned. His hips stuttered upward, threatening to hit John in the nose, so he dug his elbows lightly into the flesh of Sherlock's inner thighs to keep him down. It worked, and Sherlock seemed to enjoy it even more than he'd expected. His legs pressed upward against John's elbows over and over, and each time they did, Sherlock let out a moan that seemed a bit louder than the others.
After hours of reading aloud and laughing along with each other’s commentary, Sherlock raised an eyebrow and sighed.
They had already been to Honeydukes for some Chocolate Frogs. Now they were sat in the corner of The Three Broomsticks, Sherlock prodding at a chocolate frog leg to see how it would respond.
"Hey, Sherlock, I didn't..." John reached out a hand to pat Sherlock's shoulder, but stopped halfway there.
Sherlock picked up his empty bag and headed toward the door. Soon they were on their way, James Bond and Jareth the Goblin King walking side-by-side down the street.
John nudged him and said, "What about him?" It was a game they were used to playing when they found themselves with downtime in public.
It wasn't long before they were sat in John's bedroom, watching a film about a spy. Sherlock didn't actually bother to watch it, although he knew it was one of John's favorites, partly by the way his face lit up at certain parts, but mostly by the dialogue that he recognized from John's own speech patterns when they played pretend. Sherlock sat next to John, repeatedly nodding off, his head drooping and drifting from side to side until he would be awakened by a loud sound from the telly, and the whole thing would start over again. By the time the film was over, Sherlock was asleep with his head on John's shoulder and his hand in the popcorn bowl.
When Wilson raised his wand arm and the Knight Bus arrived, they shook hands. “It was lovely meeting you, John.”
John laughed and took a sip from the mug in front of him. They had been in The Three Broomsticks for hours now, sitting and talking. Sherlock took a swig of his own butterbeer, coming away with foam across his lip. John had the urge to lick it off, but opted instead for pointing at him playfully.
"Hang on." John flipped them over again, kicking Sherlock's legs apart. He wriggled himself down to crotch level and didn't waste a second pulling aside Sherlock's waistband with his teeth and taking him into his mouth.
know this?" John asked as they reached Sherlock's mother's car. He wondered whether he'd even told her he was taking it. They climbed in and began to covertly change.
"Touché," Sherlock muttered, then, "If you must know, I was going to tell you what exactly I want to do with that waistcoat."
“Yes, I’m helping with breakfast,” Mycroft confirmed as he entered the room with a tea tray. John thought he looked a bit out of place in his pyjamas, but he wasn’t surprised to find that they were made of a rich purple silk.
This was Sherlock. Sherlock, gasping, groaning, practically shouting incoherent strings of profanities peppered with John’s name. Sherlock staring at him with pupils blown wide and curls somehow sticking up on end, even though John couldn’t remember ever carding his fingers through them. Sherlock ghosting fingers along John’s ribs while his other hand worked to bring them off together.
The next morning, when everyone trudged sleepily down the stairs for Mrs. Watson's flapjacks, no one noticed that Sherlock's pyjama trousers were too big and too long for him. Although the string was tied tight around his waist, his feet slipped all over the linoleum in the kitchen. Still, no one paid the slightest interest to why.
Sherlock was puzzled. What on earth could make Molly think he was keeping something from her? "Why would there be? What would I not tell you? I tell you everything."
John pulled his coat from the hook and didn't say anything. His gloves were in the closet, but it hardly mattered. He wanted out of that flat.
Mycroft shot him his usual suspicious look when John passed him on his way to Defense Against the Dark Arts, and Irene Adler glanced at him with a knowing smile as he descended the stairs to his Potions lesson.
To his credit and John’s relief, Sherlock didn’t say another thing about knickers for the rest of the night.
When he did open his eyes and sit up in the bed, he was immediately struck by the unfamiliarity of his surroundings. “What…oh,” he said, seeing the shattered remains of the bottle.
It occurred to John as he dressed for dinner that he might miss snogging Sherlock in the middle of the day once the holidays were over and they had to go back to Hogwarts. In fact, he was probably going to miss the whole atmosphere at Holmes Manor. He would miss Sherlock’s mother at mealtimes fussing over Sherlock’s latest shenanigans, her praise of John for keeping him out of trouble at least to an extent, and then her chiding Sherlock for turning mild-mannered John into another mischievous thrill seeker. He would miss Sherlock’s constant argument that he had been that way when they met, and he would miss Sherlock’s father’s way of letting the geniuses go back and forth, rolling his eyes occasionally but always smiling around a mouthful of food.
John was about to ask how Sherlock had determined that last bit when he noticed a young man approaching them.
Sherlock smirked. “Oh, I’m certain of that.” He seemed to consider something for a moment, as though it had only just occurred to him. “No one’s ever said my name that way before.”
His face set, John marched over. “What the fuck just happened?” he demanded, and Moran took a step back at the danger in his voice.
he’d said. So he hadn’t been able to make the call in their presence…meaning he didn’t want them to know he was making it.
Every Sunday, the Watson and Holmes families gathered their children and took them to the park. The playground there had everything, from swings and monkey bars for the older kids to spring-loaded riding toys and slides for the younger boys.
To keep from acting on the impulse, he turned to Sarah. “We could take you home,” he said, ignoring Sherlock’s impatient sigh.
“It’s fine,” Sherlock replied, shaking his head with the same sarcastically casual air, never lowering the gun.
They had spent the summer chipping away at the long list of films Sherlock had neglected to see in his twenty years of life. John was delighted to find that he took rather a liking to several of them; his favorites so far were
Sherlock panicked. He scooped up the toddler—who was luckily still wrapped up in the T-shirt John had changed into after school—and ran from the house, hardly remembering to shut the door behind him. He charged past the pizza delivery man on the pavement, not even registering the pizza he’d been so eager for being knocked out of the guy’s hands and onto the bonnet of a parked car.
By far the most confusing thing that arose from the whole school’s revelation that Sherlock and John were an item was a look he got from one of the Slytherin sixth-years. It was an appraising look, calm and calculating, with a glint of mischief near the surface. If it hadn’t been for the feeling it gave him, John might not have noticed the boy standing there at all.
John had discovered quickly that between rugby and studying, it was difficult to maintain a relationship. Especially with a boyfriend as needy as his.
John turned to look at Sherlock in disbelief. The two men burst into relieved and exasperated laughter. Sherlock wrapped his coat more tightly around himself, lying across the sofa.
The bottle was nearly empty when his fingers found the doorknob. Downing the last gulp, John turned the knob and entered, stumbling a bit and dropping the empty bottle to the floor, where it shattered. “Shit,” he muttered. He glanced at the bed. Sherlock never stirred.
Their walk back up to the castle was silent. The setting sun cast their shadows across the lawn and drew even more attention to the difference in height between the two boys.
get married--in as legal a sense as possible, of course. Mrs. Hudson seemed to think it was a brilliant idea. Mycroft had actually asked John a few weeks ago whether he was planning on proposing, though he'd known full well he wasn't. Just that morning, Lestrade had joked about their bickering, calling them an old married couple. And despite all they'd been through in that year apart, they had fallen back together effortlessly, with only small hiccups in the form of nightmares and relapses, and even those were very few.
Sherlock hesitated simply because the smile reminded him more of a lazy crocodile than anything else. Not frightening, but certainly unpleasant. “Yes,” he eventually said. “And you are…?”
“To what?” John managed, though his head was still swimming and his eyes couldn’t focus under the burlap.
"I don't want to take--" Sherlock cut himself off, as though an idea had struck him. John hated that look. There was no predicting whether it would be something worth indulging or something completely mad.
“I just—oh my god.” He suddenly slipped out from under John’s hand and pressed his back against the tile at the edge of the pool, alarm dancing around the edges of his eyes and drawing them open wider. “Oh my god,” he repeated.
Harry found John at the Gryffindor table and sat next to him. He glanced at the Hufflepuffs and saw Clara chatting with tiny little Molly Hooper animatedly. “So, how was Clara’s summer?” he asked Harry.
1. I feel I should explain my headcanon behind Patronuses, and why students would be learning them in their fifth year. When Voldemort fell, the dementors formerly guarding Azkaban went rogue. As this story occurs after the Battle of Hogwarts, dementors are one of the most dangerous threats to wizards and Muggles alike, and so the Patronus Charm has become a part of most wizarding schools' curricula, despite the advanced nature of the spell.
John studied the knife. He found that it had not gone very far into the flesh of his leg, but knew better than to remove it.
I am so sorry for my unanticipated hiatus. With everything that has been going on in my life for the past couple of months, I've had a hard time being productive in ways I'd like to. Everything's fine, though, and now I'm back to a chapter every other week. Also, I've got a chapter count now! After all, we're over halfway through, so I wanted to give you guys an idea of how much more to expect.
John nodded. "Much better than that girl in my class. Her lip gloss was way too sticky. And it tasted funny."
John hadn’t noticed his own parents arriving on the scene, but he heard his mother say, “You take John. We’ll follow in our car.”
John nodded and helped Sherlock to his feet, and although his discomfort had subsided exponentially, he allowed John's support as they walked from the room simply for the physical contact it allowed them.
John wandered the halls of Holmes Manor, thinking of Sherlock. He imagined Sherlock spending the first eleven years of his life here, made note of the books in the library that he thought Sherlock had probably read, studied the portraits of his family that hung in the hall, wondering if any of them had been as amazing, or at least as amazingly frustrating, as Sherlock was.
Sherlock sighed. "I seem to recall telling you. I just wanted to know what it was like to kiss someone."
me! And he did it in front of everyone! None of my friends will even talk to me anymore." He kicked a rock that was near the edge of the curb.
He'd been trying for several minutes, over the course of which Sherlock had become more and more frustrated with his low skill level. They were lucky the group continued to play waltz after waltz, although John suspected Sherlock may have bewitched their instruments when he wasn't looking.
"Sherlock Holmes, you are the most amazing human being, alive or dead. Don't you dare tell me I'm wrong."
The thought of Sherlock with children made John grin. Maybe Sherlock was so great with them because he acted so immature himself, sometimes. John thought it was something else. Whenever he observed Sherlock with a child, it was more the way he treated them that earned him a gap-toothed smile; he didn't condescend to them any more than he would a typical adult, and when they did something wrong, he told them why it was harmful instead of simply scolding them. He treated them like little grown-ups, John realized, as he watched Sherlock ranting about the broken wheel of one of the trucks and saw Lucy and Amelia nodding sympathetically.
"Sherlock." He lunged forward, taking in the purple-and-yellow blotches and gashes all over his face. He stroked his jaw gently. "What happened to you, Honeybee?"
John gestured with his brand-new cane. "Don't see how I could be in much of a hurry," he joked, but it came out much more bitterly than he'd intended.
He had to fight the urge not to laugh with delight at the sight of Sherlock in his element, bent over his broom, determined, tongue sticking out in concentration.
It would turn out to be lucky that they shimmied into their pants when they did. Teddy Lupin came into the room and stepped back for a moment.
“Actually, it’s rather more dull at home than it is here. At least there’s—never mind,” Sherlock cut himself off and glanced warily at John. John of course, knew exactly what he wanted to say, but he wouldn’t even say it in front of him, let alone all of these people.
“Because Muggles fascinate me,” Sherlock clarified before John could ask, paying no mind to the fact that John was literally on top of him. “They’re so strangely intelligent, non-magical people. Have you seen some of the technologies they’ve developed to cope with the absence of magical abilities? It’s truly extraordinary.”
It wasn’t until John pressed a sloppy but gentle kiss to the back of his neck that Sherlock’s hand tightened around John’s. “You’re intoxicated.”
"Oh, my God, Sherlock. Jesus. Sherlock." He wanted to throw his arms around his neck, hold him there in the alley for days, but held himself back. Instead, he tenderly touched his fingers to the bruises along Sherlock's cheek.
John could feel the blood rising in his face as Sherlock's eyes swept over him, clearly gauging his reaction to the repeated phrase.
," and Sherlock turned to glare good-naturedly at him before answering. "Fine. We'll talk about it on the way."
,” Sherlock grumbled. The last bit seemed to be a direct accusation to the man himself, even being absent from the present proceedings. “Besides, he would’ve heard.”
John sat at the end of the sofa and pondered Sherlock’s confession for far longer than it had taken him to spill the beans. When he finally spoke, Sherlock breathed a sigh of relief just because he would no longer have to wait for his reaction.
He glanced back up and saw something that filled him with pride and made his athlete’s heart drop in disappointment at the same time. Sherlock was diving, his broom nearly perpendicular to the ground, with Harry right on his tail.
John’s eyebrows pinched together as he glanced around, bewildered. His eyes went wide as his mind processed Sherlock’s words at what Sherlock  perceived as an infuriating snail’s pace.
This chapter is late because they scheduled me to work a fuckton the week of Christmas. I am not happy about it. But today you get two chapters for your trouble.
He was embarrassed. His skin prickled in unpleasant ways and all he wanted to do was curl into a ball and force down the lump in his throat. Right before John, who up to now had seen the rawest bits of emotion he'd thought he possessed, he was proving himself wrong on that very count.
"Perhaps you should add this to your list of resolutions," Sherlock murmured, just loud enough for John to hear.
Sherlock shrugged. “You’ll learn in time. Now, shall I wait next to the painting of the Fat Lady all night or will you get Lestrade to come out and talk to me?”
She left and Sherlock reentered. He immediately took a seat in the chair she'd vacated and picked up John's hand again. "Are you alright?"
True to form, Cousin Wilson broke the tension with a joke about how he couldn’t force himself to work directly with the Minister for all the galleons they could possibly offer him. John was beginning to see how he got along so well with Sherlock—he knew when to speak, and just what to say when he did.
