“You’re incorrigible,” Steve says fondly and not discouraging in the slightest, in fact very much the opposite because honestly, he has to admit, it’s just endearing at this point. He nods to the steering wheel before him. “Am I allowed to know what’s under here?”
“This might be me overstepping,” Tony starts before Steve’s signature on the discharge papers has even dried. The door has only just clicked behind the nurse and his clipboard. “Correction. This is definitely me overstepping, but I’m gonna do it anyway.”
“And people have got the nerve to say romance is dead,” Peter quips but he’s looking on avidly. His stare ping-pongs between Steve and Tony.
“I’m not playing at all,” Tony says when he pulls off. It comes out entirely too serious, low and real and nowhere near the levity he was aiming for.
Steve’s face flames in a fashion that has little to do with the heat, and the high whine that leaves his throat without permission is equally embarrassing. The finer nuances of language escape him again. “Ngh,” he moans, feeling his spent cock give a hearty twitch.
“I’m a changed man? It’s not like you didn’t know what you were getting into when you started dating me. Frankly, this is the case with probably twelve or more hotels between the States and overseas. I had a very disaffected youth.” Tony shucks off his pants and hops out of his briefs. Flopping down unceremoniously, he offers, “We can always go to a different hotel, you know. Aside from maybe those other eleven hotels, my AmEx is accepted everywhere. An actual upside of dating me.”
“So me sick and full of snot does it for you?” Tony asks once half of his bowl is gone and Steve’s own is scraped clean. He leans back on his hands, and apparently it only took two doses of cough medicine to get that leer back in working order.
“You good?” Steve gasps out at the edge of too much, a lick of his own chasing the wet stripe Tony just dragged on his upper lip. His eyes are more lust-black than blue, dark next to the shining sweat at his temples. “I am, if you are. Ready to go.”
He’d built rooms that would mirror the outside world, so that if someone had to survive in the bunker, they wouldn’t feel trapped as he had in the dark cave at eighteen. And he had invented technology to catch the outside world’s streams, so that they could see what was truly happening on the outside.
He let out a nervous laugh, reaching forward and ruffling her hair. The teen growled and shoved his hand away, but otherwise did nothing more as she led him further into the bowels of the subway.
“Kid?” He had to pause for a moment, hide the panic in his voice. “What the hell are you doing out there? Get back to the bunker, please.” The tremors were back, his entire body shaking as he tried to push away the worry that was threatening to overwhelm him.
The genius let out a fake gasp of offense, throwing himself back against Bucky and ignoring the chuckling that was coming from the soldier above him. However, his expression quickly morphed from pouting to shocked when the soldier leaned down and planted a kiss on his lips.
“A New Hope,” Steve lifted the controller, clicking through a few menu’s before getting to the correct film.
Before they could reach the two injured men, the suits had engulfed them in a sea of red and yellow chaos, going after the original team like ants. They had descended so quickly and without warning that the Avengers lost sight of which one had taken Peter and which one had taken Tony.
Tony, ever so quick on his feet, had slipped an easy smile and explained that he had “adopted” Carol as one of his own. That when he had taken in Peter, the boy’s nickname had quickly turned into a simple “kid,” and it had been the factor that had truly bonded them. Well, a small part of the reason anyway.
The variety of choices on display are things that Jarvis’ wife used to make him. Things that he used to eat as a kid when he felt ill, or when he needed the comfort that only food could provide. Well, comfort his immediate family would never provide.
He was instantly cut off from continuing as arms wrapped around him, and Tony buried his face in the kids shoulder, looking as if he were going to break down crying at any moment. Peter frowned, hugging the man back as he tried to understand why things had gone so emotional so quickly.
“Ouch, that’s a far cry from calling me Honeybear,” Barton spoke, although he didn’t stop the vroom sounds as he continued to push Tony down the hall.
He shares the sink with Steve, brushing his teeth quickly before he saunters to the bed and settles next to Bucky. He doesn’t protest the soft kisses shared between the men, instead accepting the affection before curling up under the covers in exhaustion. A faint echo wonders about Jarvis, but Tony doesn’t want to think about it. Not now.
Still on his knees on the bed as he swung, Tony was pulled forward and the lamp continued its trajectory across the room to hit the wall. He was easily thrown to lie underneath the blond, practically restrained as he glared at amused blue eyes.
Tony didn’t know how long he stayed sitting on the ground where the ship had been. His mind had gone blank, and his body felt twice as heavy as before. It was only when Jarvis had insisted that he get somewhere more comfortable that the genius allowed himself to stand.
“Easy Tones, we’re not gonna hurt you,” Bucky spoke, arms out as if he was suddenly facing a wild cornered animal.
Thor and Loki were invited to stay with the team, although the rooms were separated from the area in which the team had revealed to be their normal living quarters. They had been put in an area of guest rooms, so that they could easily gain access to the main rooms.
Rogers got a gentle smile on his face, the same expression an adult wore when they were tired of explaining a subject to a child. It was quite demeaning and Tony had to stop himself from huffing in outrage at being on the receiving end of such a look.
Blinks again and he find’s himself in the kitchen of his old mansion. He hasn’t stepped foot in the place in ages and is completely thrown off.  He turns to look at his surroundings and freezes when he sees he’s not alone.
He couldn’t remember falling asleep, but as he slowly started to gauge his surroundings, he realized that he was curled up on a mattress. Opening his eyes to look at the alarm clock, the man frowned when he was met with an obstruction instead. With a grumble he started to move back so that he could get a better look at the form in the dim lighting, only to be met with a wall and an arm wrapping around his waist.
The super soldier reached forward and pulled Tony into a bridal carry, ignoring the mild glare he received from the man. “Thanks Bruce, I’ll go get Tony cleaned up. We’ll see you at dinner, yeah?”
“Never ask a lady her age,” he repeated. “Pepper used to say that to me all the time followed by telling me that I had no tact.”
The genius seemed to contemplate it for a moment before he nodded, shaking as stood up and pointed towards the toilet seat. “Can-can you open-open it?” He stuttered.
Resisting the urge to roll his eyes and trying hard to ignore the small nagging voice that told him he was too comfortable; Tony lifted the child onto his hip. It was quickly becoming habit to cock his body a bit to the side so that Peter fit perfectly against his side, and briefly the man wondered what it would have been like to truly raise the kid.
Sure, the thing had a camouflage like he’d never seen in his lifetime, but that didn’t mean it wouldn’t leave an indentation wherever it landed.
With practiced ease, the two men rebandaged Tony’s wrist and leg, the movements quick and precise. In the span of two minutes Tony was placed back into the middle of the bed, the covers enveloping him in warmth.
Tony pulled back, still ignoring how badly his hands ached or the fact that they were quickly turning red from the reopened cuts. His clasped the teen’s shoulders tightly, the fear of the moment still pumping through his veins.
Knowing that he was healed but wanting to find an excuse to look at him in the face, Tony gently tugged at the kid.
Unlike what he had quickly grown used to, Tony realized that for the first time he was waking up alone. No Bucky wrapping an arm around his waist, no Steve to keep him warm with his bizarre furnace-like heat. It was a weird feeling that he couldn’t begin to acknowledge, but it grew even worse when he realized that he was the only person in the room.
Shuri laughed, pivoting on her heel to bicker with the other. Soon, their attention had turned into ideas, and how Peter could have a shooter on his wrist like a lightsaber, so he never had to worry about losing it. Shuri began to suggest laser webs, although she thought that Spider-man would likely miss his enemies if he tried it.
When he got a disbelieving look in return for the words, the blond took a moment to gather his thoughts, grabbing his own cup of coffee.
Bucky buried his face in the crook between Tony’s neck and shoulder, looking comfortable as he spoke just loud enough that the two occupants could hear him. “We will never leave you Tony, you’re ours doll.”
“I’m going to prep our weapons for our training session,” Clint piped up. He motioned for the rest of the team to follow, leaving only Bucky and Steve behind. “I’ll call Thor and Loki to come back, we may need them,” he threw over his shoulder.
The little boy paused as he held up a large gray piece, looking torn between finishing the ship right away or doing something nice for Tony. “Daddy has to get the first piece,” he negotiated again.
The man used the wheelchair to push himself to his own room, pouring himself a drink despite the protest that came from the A.I. that his health was in jeopardy. It was too late to worry about himself.
Tony vaguely recalled a similar moment when he’d first been brought in and feared what would happen if his PTSD was worse than before. What kind of messed up reality had he landed in?
Steve found himself pleased when the genius gave a whimper at being put down, but it didn’t last long as Tony curled closer to the man under the spray of the shower.
“Jarvis, your mission now is to make sure Peter and Rhodey don’t try to come back and do something foolish.” He explained, leaning against the bar as he took a sip of his scotch.
An old trunk sits at the end of the bed, and Tony can only guess that it holds more covers and pillows, if not clothing. Below the flat screen are two small vintage bookshelves, the wood worn from the years of use. Several books (well read from the state of the spines) are put neatly in alphabetical order on the shelves.
“Well, yeah. It’s so I can adjust time. I have used a watch before old man,” she replied sarcastically.
“I get that,” Tony shrugged at her incredulous look, smiling as he spoke. “My kid isn’t a mutant, but a radioactive spider bit him, and now he’s the cutest spider there ever was. And trust me, he’s the only spider I like,” he added.
Pulling away from Steve’s hand that had wrapped gently on his shoulder, Tony swung around in time to watch as a ball of energy hurdled at full speed into his legs.
“I know something else I can get hot,” Steve whispered back, causing the archer to make a gag sound while red blossomed throughout the genius’ body.
Immediately he turns off the radio, glad to see that Peter had already scouted the room as he opens a small vent at the bottom of the wall. It’s too small and low for Clint to climb through, so they won’t have the archer accidently finding the radio.
“When I gave you that gift,” Wanda explained. “It wasn’t just memories; it was a bit more than that. There are some… stones. And one of them needed to be safeguarded more than the others. When you saw me die, it was the sacrifice of another soul you’d lose.” She shrugged, “and now, you yield some of its powers.”
Several of the Dora Milaje had taken on fighting Thor, whom they had somehow managed to get on the ground even if the fight looked overwhelming and terrible.
The soldier laughed, “no child of mine is going to be helpless. Plus, it’ll be some good quality time spent with the spider baby.”
That morning, Tony had taken his coffee with a smile and spoken politely to the team. He had hummed when he’d tasted his drink and curled up to Bucky when the man had thrown an arm over the back of his chair.
It was amazing how such little time could be used so efficiently. Not that Tony had kept count, he’d lost track on the third day.
“How many suits do we have left after the whole fiasco?” Tony inquired, picking up the shampoo and throwing it on as he listened to Jarvis respond.
The Captain huffed, although his glare started to soften. “He did hold his own in a fight… although if it wasn’t for that War Machine, we would have had him.”
Once again, thank you for reading and I hope to hear back from you! Sorry for the long wait, hopefully I can get the next one out faster!
“You have people who love you, rely on you, to be okay. Your current time spent with the two super soldiers isn’t real. They think they love you, and in a weird way, maybe they do. But Tony, love doesn’t mean trapping someone. Love isn’t making someone hurt. Just ask yourself, did I hurt you?”
Tony let out an impressed whistle, but after a moment realized that it could have been a smart move by the girl. Who would go looking for a person with powers in a small town?
“You’re really intelligent,” Tony finally spoke, making the observation with a raised brow as he shot a look at the girl over his shoulder. “I know you don’t want to be here,” and it seemed the words seemed to settle something in the teenager. She heard the unspoken words, that he had no choice in the matter either, they were both stuck.
Tony’s growing fondness for Captain Marvel both warmed and worried him. Warmed him, because he knew that her affection did not come with a cost, and she truly did have traits that reminded him of his family. And worried, because even he could admit that life had turned extremely confusing since her arrival.
“I want you to use this tonight,” she ignored how his eyes widened, realizing that she somehow knew about what Wanda had done.
So, he could only venture that he was in some sort of area that was meant for prisoners or a safeguard. An area that had been created solely to keep people’s prying eyes out, or someone locked in.
With that, the genius did as he was told. He stumbled, truly still weak and disoriented, but resolute. Peter was already walking quickly towards him, limping slightly as the injuries he’d sustained had already started to heal. The kid reached the genius fast, wrapping his arms around the man as if it were their last embrace.
Removing anything that the genius could use to potentially harm himself or others, the two soldiers had sat beside Tony and explained that they would be returning soon. Bucky had kissed him on the cheek, Steve on the head, and the two had disappeared with the audible click of the door lock.
He outright laughed. “The only place in the world where the former heroes have no ruling. They think it’s barren, like you did.”
Captain America narrowed his eyes, before he finally gave a terse nod. “Find him, and soon. If you don’t… well…” He didn’t finish, smiling darkly when the man gave a scared shriek when Natasha’s hand landed on his shoulder.
A mug sat empty on the workbench in front of him, white with slight coffee stains on the brim. Tony would never admit that it took several minutes to process when someone refilled the cup with his elixir of life.
Tony groaned, not sure if it was from the fact that Peter was back to calling him by the dreaded title, or that the bed had hit the ground and he’d unwittingly smacked the wounded arm down on the mattress when he’d turned to look at Peter.
As soon as he moved into the room, the child held up his arms directly towards Tony, not even looking at the other two men as he made hands for the genius to lift him. “Daddy!” The little boy cried again, big tears streaming down his face.
Throwing the remote on the table, he made himself comfortable. Ready to watch some bad, but likely soothing films.
It was Tony’s willing participation that had them feeling comfortable leaving him alone in his room that day. There was news of another uprising, and the entire team was required to help handle the group of rowdy citizens.
Systematically, the group started to take over government by government, country by country, until the last remaining hope was America itself. On the persistence of Rhodey, Pepper, and his friend Happy, Anthony Stark had gone into hiding. Of course, he’d brought them along.
The heart monitor was beeping faster, the sound grating on Tony’s nerves until he ripped it from his arm. There was a gasp from his left, but he ignored it in favor of meeting Roger’s eyes. The hand previously rubbing his back started to brace against his chest, the huffs of Tony’s breath audible.
So first, thank you! Sincerely, your comments were absolutely uplifting and I'm really grateful for all of you that enjoy this story. Thank you for the comments, the kudos, the bookmarks, the subscriptions. This chapter is a little (by very little) shorter than the others, but I hope you enjoy it!
In hot pursuit, Bucky dusts off the shards and starts after the genius, whom has reached the front doors and slammed them open. They didn’t bother to lock the doors.
Expecting to be chained to the bed, it comes as a surprise when his sluggish arm raises to touch the mask on his face. Slowly, so as not to aggravate anything further, Tony manages to sit up and glance around the new room.
“It looks barren, but that’s just a barrier. Step through here with the right permission, and…” He motioned between the boulders and the projection moved as if they were walking, stepping through the land and through the stones.
Tony’s body is trembling, he can’t stop the motion as he looks the stranger in the face. She’s young, maybe only a few years older than Peter.
He nodded, not at all bothered by the lack of information. She was obviously being held against her will but had been smart enough to figure out that he was in the same situation.
They could hear struggling, punches being thrown and screams. Tony started to yell the kid’s name over and over, wanting it to be a nightmare and nothing more.
Ambling into the hallway, Steve gently shut the door behind him and turned towards the two awaiting men. He didn’t speak, but nodded towards the staircase that Tony had scampered down his first escape attempt.
So... Peter's safe.... for now. And Tony now has a grounding factor in this whole mess. But will that be enough for them to get away? Hope you enjoyed this chapter, sorry for the heart attack from the last one ;) I'll post when I can!
“Wh-wh-who are you?” He stutters, glad the red hue is still holding him up, as otherwise he’d have collapsed on the floor.
Something howls in his chest, and he immediately wraps his arm around the child as if to keep the soldier from touching him.
The protests quickly start up, and Tony doesn’t speak as the team begins to bicker amongst each other on the film choices.
Tony whipped his head around, watching in horror as the little boy glanced back towards the group only to stumble in the grass and fall directly into the lake.
Instead, the genius was focused on the arc reactor now shining freely in the air. It was small and hard to notice at first, but there were purple lines starting to appear around the reactor, like outreaching veins. It was something that he’d had to fix once upon a time, in secret from the public, and it could get ugly fast.
“Your fear of water didn’t start until after that too… the torture must have been terrible,” Steve’s voice was gentle; almost caring in the way he spoke. The concern in his eyes didn’t make Tony feel better, especially as something else was in the mix.
It was strange, how it seemed to get brighter rather than darker as they moved. Not that Tony wasn’t ungrateful, if it remained enclosed and dark, he may have had a flashback to Afghanistan, and he knew that Carol and whomever they were meeting were likely not ready for it.
Both of them paused for a moment before bursting out into laughter, thinking the same thing. Carol, now grinning, shrugged and added, “I used to be a captain in the Air Force… if that helps?”
“Oh, I don’t know if I’m allowed to say yet,” he admitted gently. “It’s supposed to be a surprise.” The kid tried and failed to waggle his brows, looking ridiculous and causing a laugh to pour of Tony’s throat.
On the second day, Tony learned quickly that trips outside of the room would be rare. He had been kept in bed, a breakfast tray set on his lap with Steve helping him sit up.
The man tightened his hold on Tony’s waist when the genius tried to squirm away, continuing like nothing had happened, like they weren’t in a room meant for murder, and sitting on the ground chatting like reminiscent old friends.
“We’re going to meet the man whose been behind all of this. The one who sent me, the… semi-leader of our group, you could say.” Carol shrugged, waiting until the passengers had boarded a train before she grabbed a hold of Tony and tore down the tracks. No one present to spare them a second glance.
Tony let out a laugh at the indignant squawk that Peter released, the teen looking slightly offended if not playing the part.
What the group didn’t know was that her body had also started to build an immunity to the injection. Like Wanda, she was slowly gaining her powers back. At one point during their time together, Tony had had to throw a rag on top of her hands to hide that her fingers were glowing like embers.
Releasing an indignant sound at the thought of diapers, Peter proceeded to climb up Tony using his powers and clinging to the man’s side like the little spider that he was.
“I’ll take Tony, you can take the kid,” Rhodey admonished, already moving to pick up his friend as Happy lifted the teenager.
Narrowing his eyes, the genius noticed a red hue was quickly enveloping the wood, looking like a gentle waterfall of fog.
Tony glances over his shoulder and is startled to find that Bucky stopped his pursuit. In fact, the soldier leans against the front door and watches him with a sad look in his eyes. The stain of chocolate dripping down the man’s shirt slowly dries in the cold of the outside air.
The scene changes and Tony is on the ground, staring up as Peter swings back and forth above him. He holds Tony’s Stark Pad just out of reach so that the billionaire can’t grab it.
The warehouse shook again and he flinched when something hit the back of his head, a piece of the ceiling. Tony let out a cry of pain, blacking out for a moment.
Laughing, Bucky sauntered across the room and started to drag the blond away from the monitors and towards the door. “That just means his Pop’s going to have to teach him a trick or two when he’s here.”
When the blond finally sat up to look at Tony, the smug expression in the blue eyes did nothing to quell the hunger that was already rising in his stomach.
There was an affectionate smile thrown Tony’s way at the nervous words, but Bruce didn’t hesitate to step forward and do as he was bid. As he was leaning down he didn’t see Tony slip the rod from the towel rack behind him, didn’t see as the genius lifted the thing up like a bat and swung with all his might at the scientist.
But he could do the math, the calculations. It was unlikely he’d ever be able to go back to those days.
The captain looked almost pleased at the words, his eyes glinting with the insanity that Tony accused him of as he used the free hand to wipe off the spit on his cheek.
Tony doesn’t realize that he curled closer into the warm bodies on the sofa, that as the movie progresses he’s bickering with the team like he would Peter. By the end of the film, they decide they need to follow the film up with Annabelle. Tony doesn’t protest, he also doesn’t admit that throughout the film he hides behind his blanket.
“Tony, your feet!” He cries after the man he is chasing, watching as the genius leaves a trail of blood down the porch stairs.
“You’re really cute when you sleep,” Steve admitted in a gentle whisper. “And you needed the rest, now hush, you’re going to wake Peter.”
“Door closed!” He commanded, and Tony couldn’t withhold the smile of amusement that the child was so demanding. Even if his heart was making a permanent home in his stomach.
While there was some tension in the room, it was broken when Peter accidentally let out a large belch and was promptly smacked upside the head by May. Tony had started laughing to the point that tears streamed down his face, and the rest of the room had found the situation hilarious too.
In return, Steve had reached forward and grabbed at it, bringing Tony to look at what had left such a disgusting taste on his tongue. A bar of soap.
Carol didn’t respond, choosing to walk forward and open another doorway in the maze that they had taken down. However, unlike before, they walked into a brick room.
At the age of eight, Anthony Stark relied solely on his butler as family. The man that had provided his seed to give him life was no longer referred to as his father, only by first name. His mother did what she could, but had always stepped back in light of the rich man that the public adored.
“A civilian has broken curfew, sir.” Steve glanced down at the surveillance that they had taken of the figure. It was a teenager by the looks of things. The kid was dressed in dark clothing, but other than breaking curfew, nothing seemed too suspicious about the situation.
When Peter got to it, he relaxed. His shoulders fell as he crouched down to dust at the stone. “Do you… do you guys mind if I turn this off for a minute?” He heard Tony’s voice protesting before he continued. “Just for five minutes, no longer. I just… I want to talk to him alone. Please Tony?” Peter pleaded softly.
A sad smile lifted the corner of his lips, “since you’re so adamant that we’re both getting away… You need a nickname.”
“I got you Tones,” the man reassured, a soft (albeit sad) smile on his face. Peter was sitting beside Rhodey, having lifted the genius’ legs onto his lap so that he was still close. The other two had left the room, giving Tony the dignity of having his breakdown in the privacy of his family.
Crossing his arms over his chest, the genius stepped out of the container so that he was closer to the king. “I never got to say this, but thank you, for taking care of my family when we needed it. I’m sorry for attacking you ear-”
Sure, Steve went for a morning run every day, but he always came back before waking Tony. And Bucky usually got up and woke him with a cup of freshly brewed coffee.
“How am I not surprised that you’d be a tough patient? Even Helen suggested it after she finished fixing you up,” the voice was male, recognizable.
Immediately the two stopped, Peter apologizing profusely while a face Tony had only ever seen through a monitor blinked sheepishly at him.
“Daddy!” The wobbly, crying voice made Tony feel extremely guilty.  It appeared the PTSD that had been subdued was back in full speed with the de-aging, and that meant he would need more therapy… joy.
With an indignant squawk and flailing arms, the genius watched the hammer that had been in his hand sail into the air and hit Steve square in the chest. The captain, completely unprepared for the tool, had dodged back and failed to catch Tony as he slammed into the grass.
“Jarvis, activate protocol save daddy!” Tony hollered, laughing as he watched the toaster, he’d been making digital attack Clint. The cord just long enough to allow it to toss a piece of its mechanics right at the archer’s face.
It didn’t work, as Bucky pulled back and moved them so that Tony was laying flat on his back, staring up at the two men that had identical grins on their faces. The dread was starting to outweigh the warmth the smiles sent down his spine, trying desperately to figure out what had happened in their time away.
“Platypus?” Tony’s voice sounded unsure, disbelieving that his best friend was so close. Had it not been a dream?
But Tony was positive that he was missing something important, even if it was at the edge of his memory.
“Who shot him?” Three words, but the sudden tension in the corridor could have been cut with a knife.
Instead of the quick-witted quip the man would usually make, followed by an inappropriate suggestion, Tony had dissolved into a quivering mess faster than any of the other men could move to stop it. Fortunately, he had already been sitting down or he would have collapsed onto the ground.
Immediately, the soldier got to his feet, bouncing Peter on his hip as if it was the most natural thing in the world. Praying silently that the cries wouldn’t reach down the hall to where Tony and Steve slept soundly after their disastrous breakfast.
Trying desperately to dissipate the panic, T’Challa had dropped to one knee in front of the genius and laid a reassuring hand on his knee. It had clearly been the wrong action as Tony had all but whined and pulled himself into a ball on the cushion, shivering terribly and mumbling that he was “sorry” for everything. That he didn’t want to go back.
There was no hesitation as Tony turned and started to sprint up the stairs and down the hall, two super soldiers hot on his trail as he slammed the bedroom door open to find a screaming toddler sitting up in the huge bed.
Before Tony could form a response, Bruce and Bucky entered the room carrying two plates each. Bruce placed one plate in front of Carol while Bucky moved a chair, so he was sitting side by side with Tony. He grinned at the two, looking back and forth like an expectant child.
Thank you for all your wonderful kudos, bookmarks, and comments! I love seeing that you guys are enjoying the story. I have a few things planned out, but sometimes the chapters are a little harder to write. Enjoy this one!
With a shake of his head the genius leaned forward and planted a kiss on the man’s lips, glad for the quick response. At first, the kiss was innocent enough, but the second Tony whined it turned into something more.
Cursing under his breath, Tony threw the shirt back on so that the kid could no longer look directly at the arc reactor. The soft light still shined, but as long as he hid everything, it would be easier to get it off of Peter’s mind.
Tony was quickly learning that the rebellion truly wasn’t trying to hold anyone against their will. If a superhuman could be out in the open without getting noticed, the rebellion was definitively at the top of their game to help.
Natasha had been the one retrieving the Quinjet, and everyone had boarded quickly with the intent of getting the man back. Unfortunately, it took off in the opposite direction of the two escapees and taken them towards the middle of nowhere. Natasha had desperately tried to hack the system, but Jarvis had easily bypassed all her attempts and flown the jet right into a forest. The system shutting down when they were right above the larger trees.
He immediately looked around, trying to spot why his Spidey sense had suddenly flared. But there was no one nearby, nothing that he could see. Maybe he was just psyching himself out? Shaking his head, he jumped the fence and landed steadily on his feet on the other side.
“No, you’re a genius in distress. Scream.” She admonished, moving at a slower pace so that Tony could keep up as they made their way towards the lab that he had been gifted.
Tony spun, eyes wide as he stared at the demeanor that had completely morphed from helpless child to annoyed teenager. “Seriously,” the kid continued, looking up at him. “Do they really think I would just forget?” His voice had a very soft lisp, and it was obvious that Peter struggled with the words, but beyond that, it was entirely Tony’s teenager standing before him.
Stepping out of the shower, the brunette grabbed the towel and dried himself off. The tiled floor was created to be warm upon touch, and Tony found the tension melting from his shoulders when it ran up his body. He sighed, wrapping himself in the large towel as he gathered a new pair of pajamas.
“Just promise me kid. You’re too much like me, and I know you’ll blame yourself. Promise me, if there’s one thing that you can do for me, promise me!” Tony had actually gotten out of the chair, shaking terribly but looking at Peter like the words he wanted were a lifeline.
The genius had insisted that he could change out of his sweaty clothing on his own but was quickly ignored when Steve took over. Bucky disappeared to start dinner while the blond tried to convince Tony that the Captain America shield shirt was not tacky.
Peter, while extremely brave, couldn’t handle horror films. Tony would always poke fun at the fear, but never made the kid watch anything he didn’t want to watch. Of course, it helped that Peter didn’t know that Tony was also just as much of a chicken when it came to certain horror films. The Conjuring had been one they had avoided.
There was no way to hide that his face went a little pale at the sight, but beyond that Tony didn’t react as he was set down so that he could face the god he had once defeated in some semblance of dignity. Not that he had much left.
“Thirteen years old and Howard was already exploiting you.” He scowled. “You made all those designs without realizing that they’d actually be put into production. That was the first time he really tried to run your name through the mud.”
Loki sneered, “I’m not on anyone’s side but my own. I’ll help you Tony, but only when the time comes that you may need it desperately. I have to go, or they’ll suspect something. Keep it up genius boy, you’re making my life a lot more amusing.”
“So, at the time, Rhodey was in the military. And I don’t know if you know this, but the military security system for their computers are a joke.” He paused, seeing an affirming nod from both Shuri and Peter that left him feeling a little proud and a little worried.
The genius returned the hug as best as he could, laughing when Peter hummed contently and pressed his face against the man’s chest.
The gods had returned only hours prior, but Loki had explained that wherever the genius had disappeared to was untraceable. Someone, another spellcaster they hadn’t known existed, had blocked off the man’s presence.
“Yes, but this will show them that we’re not going to stop until we’ve got them. This will make it harder for them to move around undetected.”
So when two arms suddenly lifted him before two bodies slid underneath him, there was no hiding the hysterical scream that bubbled out of his throat. He tried to struggle, but the blanket was only sending him into a further panic as it contained his arms from breaking free.
The redhead glanced down, frowning as she noticed the look her friend got only when his brain was working ten times the normal speed.
Moving to the door by the bed, he stepped into a very modern looking bathroom. A huge bathtub sat to one end, while a huge shower sat to the other. Everything was in soft hues of gold and brown, the towels evergreen and clean.
Tony groaned, rolling his eyes and looking at Rhodey for back up. What he received in return was an amused smile and a subtle shake of the head.
Tony curled his hands into fists, glaring at the sink below his palms. “It could speed up the process, or slow it down.”
“No!” Peter argued, doing his best to coordinate his limbs to get to the stolen objects that were currently being held out of his reach.
She grabbed his palm and tapped it once, watching as the skin shown orange for a moment. “You are the protector of those of us who were lost. So yes, you saw me die, but I’ve never really left.”
There was no holding back the Winter Soldier, the man blurring in his speed, appearing with his hand wrapped tightly around the security guard. Immediately hands were clawing at the grip, choking sounds filling the sudden quiet room.
“Start a spark, and let it blaze like a wildfire!” Whomever the woman was, it seemed she wasn’t going down easily. As she spoke she started to struggle against the chains, her words frantic as the weapon slowly lifted in Roger’s hand.
“You’re beautiful sweetheart.” Steve acknowledged, leaning forward so that Tony could taste himself on the man’s tongue.
Tony found himself having to restrain a pout when he found that Steve was no longer laying on the bed but setting aside his book to stand instead. The thought that he was even a little upset over losing the cuddles with the blond was startling to Tony.
Turning from where he lay, Tony spotted a grinning Bucky in the doorway, one hand holding the platter while the other swung the door firmly shut.
Tony, still in the chair, asked if Peter would help him get to the lab on the other side of the compound so he could grab some manuals for a few things. He wouldn’t take the kid all the way to the lab, didn’t want the teenager to notice that Dum-E and U had both been moved into the escape ship.
“Make me proud, J,” Tony lifted his glass, removing a small remote with a single button he’d always kept on his person. “Thank you for being there for me.”
“This is a really impressive kidnapping attempt. I’ve gotta hand it to you, Steve. You’ve taken me hours away from all civilization and I’m surrounded by acres of hay and cornstalk with seemingly no end in sight. And there’s no way to let anyone know where I’ve gone because this place doesn’t have service.”
“Oh, you should be. For a guy sprung from an age of serious FDA violations, he’s surprisingly top-notch in the kitchen. I’d keep him in there if he wasn’t so damned independent,” Tony replies.
“Mmhmm.” Steve slings his arm fully over Tony’s back and buries his nose in Tony’s hair, closing his eyes. “Still real though.”
“Alert the masses!” Rhodey proclaims. “Anthony Edward Stark has cracked the code to life model decoys. Hey, LMD—version one-point-oh?—take me to your creator.”
Steve knows his way around an engine, can work on his own bike with his eyes closed, and he’s learned a great deal since moving into the tower, but cars are unquestionably Tony’s forte. Together they circle the bespoke body of the roadster. Steve listens to Tony passionately describe how he integrated the classic and new to create the restomod, the timeline of its complicated build, and why he chose to outfit the car the way he did.
“You never cease to amaze, Romanoff,” Tony says and it’s fierce, the realization of how much he’s missed her.
“I’m here,” Tony shushes, lips whispering above the bridge of Steve’s nose, and Steve hadn’t even realized he’d closed his eyes, the velvet dark behind his eyelids having draped his vision without his notice. “How are we doing, gorgeous?”
Steve’s inexperienced but he’s a quick study, a flashfire of enthusiasm that bucks under Tony’s fingers and whimpers under his tongue. Steve’s demands dissolve into hitching gasps when Tony gets three fingers into his ass and Tony can’t get enough of the way he twists like a corkscrew, spilling the sticky mess that fills the heaving hollow of his abdomen.
“Yeah, I think so. I mean, I still don’t think you need a piece of paper to keep tied and true,” Tony says. “We’ve been doing pretty alright for ourselves. But a little more never hurts, right?”
“That’s a fair assessment.” And from experience, Tony knows this concession is meant for a short life. The oh-shucks sigh comes right on time and that breathlessness right there is half the reason Tony plays the part of contrarian. “However, it’s two-hundred years later and we’re still discussing his work so it seems that Longfellow might be inclined to disagree with you, Tony.”
“Not really. Just catching up, pretty much,” Steve says, after his throat has worked down a melt, and Tony doesn’t know when he started tracking the action. “I think he worries, and I feel awful about that, getting him involved with all of this. Making his life so complicated, having to watch his back and my own. He said it’s fine and it was his choice and I respect that, I do, but—”
Sam Wilson introduces himself to Tony with a cup of coffee held out in offering, and Tony immediately likes him.
The banana doesn’t have the desired impact, and more than half of it ends up smeared on Peter’s round face and webbed between his sticky fingers, which he tracks through Tony’s beard. After cleaning up his messy son with wetwipes they’ve long since learned to stock in the kitchen, Tony tries a sippy cup of warm milk, and that also turns out to be an epic whale of failure. It loses a contentious staring contest with Peter and goes cold on the tray of the high-chair.
“Chocolate chips are so exciting though.” Tony moves to the fridge, gets out overnight oats, egg whites, and fake breakfast meat. He toes the door shut and starts setting things up on the counter at Steve’s side, preheats the toaster oven. “Not to mention you actually have real bacon.”
Laughing, the guy says, “That’d really be something for sure. I don’t think I was in that much danger, though.” He nods to the space next to Tony. “Is that seat saved?”
Steve tries to mimic Tony’s jabs across his prostate, and he couldn’t be anymore empty. Feet planted on the mattress and mean with misery, he tugs on his sac and shoves into the scrape of his dry palm. He tries flicking his thumbnail at the crown like Tony would do, and it only stings bright for a depressingly short moment. His lower back is sore after a half-hour in a raised bridge that’s going nowhere fast. His lungs burn with futile exertion and are heave-choked as tears creep into his metallic-stained mouth.
Tony works his way up, mouthing latches to every bit of Steve, teeth worrying flesh and tongue lapping to soothe it over, settling heat low in Steve’s belly. Steve feels almost sick from the blood rush to his cock, its pursuit in vain, but hardening in Tony’s fist all the same with precome welling at the flushed head. Tony pulls on him tightly with jerks and twists that Steve’s missed. He hasn’t been able to replicate them on his own. His touch will never feel as good as Tony’s, and Steve can’t help leaning into it, watching with his head bowed.
“You just acquired the most popular streaming service in the world and, by some miracle, the Cheeto-in-Chief hasn’t tweeted today. Of course, you’re trending,” Peter says.
—the two of them mesh in a way that makes Tony want to rewind time and scratch-stop at a lightning storm over Germany, pluck out the barbed words. He’d pause and then puncture the bloat of their ego and posturing before explosions rocked them off their feet and a portal cracked open the troposphere.
“My mother died when I was about your age,” Steve tells him, leaning forward. “At first, it felt impossible, trying to move on. Whatever part of me that the grief didn’t eat up, the guilt did. Everyone told me that it would get easier and I didn’t believe them. But then it did.”
Tony stuffs his hands in the pockets of his pants and smiles regretfully. “Anything I can do to help? I think that this is the whole purpose of having a private jet. I can make a quick call for you. Get you to wherever you want to go.”
“Is Walgreens even a word anymore?” Tony asks, sitting up and letting the comforter slip into folds around his waist. He’s changed into a sweater that’s so creased it must have been dug out of a place he hasn’t visited in a while. Steve’s never seen it. For some reason, he’s never considered Tony owning sweaters, and maybe considering it would have been the truly absurd thing, but it’s an achingly nice look on him, soft. Suddenly, but not uncommonly, Steve desperately wishes that he had the right to curl Tony up and curve against him. He wants badly to press a kiss to the crown of Tony’s head in comfort and drag it down slowly to check the temperature of his heated skin.
They both laugh at that, low and soft under a star-splashed sky and a strobing street lamp that buzzes on and off.
“Show me,” Tony begs, closing his hands at Steve’s jaw, beckoning him closer. He closes the space between them with an insistent kiss, aching for it. It kills him to think of how long he could have had this. “Please. Fuck me, babe. Show me, c’mon.”
Tony hadn’t been aware of the apprehension flickering in his chest but Steve’s agreement douses it with cool relief.
“I guess I head out to a twenty-four hour store, buy some ready-made ones. You can’t have Christmas Eve without cookies.”
She sniffs a laugh. “I’ve pissed off a lot of people, Tony. It’s best for everyone if I lay low for now.”
“Hah. Here’s the real rub. What you don’t know is that I’ve had LMDs for years now. Remember that Fitness Fur All gala in 2003?” Tony asks.
“It tore him apart.” Sam shakes his head, rueful. “No, I didn’t know about your parents. Not 'til he came knocking on my door and I smoked it out of him. I’m referring to Barnes. I saw Steve’s face when he found out—never thought I’d see devastation on him again, like that, until last week. Except it was worse.”
Steve isn’t too proud to utilize the assistance of the staff, but he does feel a little ridiculous when he walks up to the counter and the startled gaze of the pharmacist, and proceeds to shake about two dozen different brands out of his basket. It causes a gatorade to roll right off the edge of the counter and land square on his foot.
Rhodey cracks up, and that’s so great that it makes Tony smirk even harder. Tony’s so happy he’s here.
Micro-expressions play across Steve’s face. Confusion flickers in his eyes that bounce around Tony’s face, lines form and dip at the corner of his mouth, wrinkle his nose. “You thought that this was a date? How?”
“Tony!” Bruce yelled, his skin a darker shade of green when the genius managed to move out of his oncoming attack.
There’s water rushing in his ears. Tony doesn’t hear the fork clatter as it falls from his hand, eyes wide as he stares straight ahead, unseeing. His body shakes, horror freezing every muscle in his body as the new information reveals the terrifying truth. He’ll never get away.
The arms around Tony flexed for a moment, causing the genius to release a squeak as he finally looked up to glance at his rebandaged leg.
The room was closing in, and he could barely make out the voices above him as he found it impossible to breathe. He tried to reach for his chest, but his hands were constricted and Tony could only struggle desperately.
Tony couldn’t stop the laugh that suddenly bubbled up, startling the men. And once it started, he couldn’t stop. Bucky wasn’t quick enough to pull the remaining bowl of soup from his lap as it tilted and poured over the bed. Tony’s body sitting up without the soldier as the hysterical laughter slowly turned into sobs.
Steve didn’t look happy, but he nodded his head and pivoted to grab a paper towel from the nearby counter. “Yeah, just give me a second sweetheart.”
“They’re strong, but they can’t fly.” He explained softly. “War Machine flew us up, we got on the plane just before it went into camo mode.”
The genius had almost snapped at the man to bring over the whole box but refrained as he wasn’t sure how the man would react to his growing annoyance.
When his eyes fluttered open three hours later, it was to hear Bruce speaking gently. A hand that had been brushing through his hair paused for a moment, but when Tony quickly pretended to fall back under it started the movements again.
Bucky, upon seeing it, had known immediately that Tony had been involved and panicked, having thrown the beam from the top of his body away and sprinted towards the lab. There was no way Carol would have gotten the suit without the genius’ help.
“Hey, do you guys want to hear about the time I hacked into Rhodey’s work computer?” Tony chirped, sitting on a box crate that Peter had put at the bottom of the ramp.
Jarvis had an extensive library of films, and as long as it had been created before they went down, the A.I. could access it. So it was rare they had to watch a film more than once. Of course, that didn’t mean that there weren’t days where he and Peter would curl up and have movie marathons. Where an old movie brought comfort to the hideaways.
Bucky barely stepped aside, both watching the man scramble down the hall in an attempt to get out of range from whatever the super soldiers planned on doing. They could wait five days, but why not aim for earlier?
Dodging to the left, Tony ignored how the suit tore right into the computer monitors on the wall. He wasn’t used to the power that the new suit harnessed, but there was no way he wasn’t excited to be in it again.
“I think it looks like vomit,” Clint stage whispered when Peter tried to turn his whole body away from the soldier and the offending meal, facing Tony whom had sat on his other side.
“We have to talk about our next course of action,” T’Challa spoke softly, breaking the comfortable silence of the room.
“When you’re free,” Loki’s voice makes the whole team take pause; even Tony looks up to glance at the other in the face. “I would love to speak to you Tony. After all, we haven’t seen each other in…. a while.”
Tony felt the air get trapped in his body, unable to breathe for a moment as he processed what he had been told. They had gone after Peter! They had gone after the child that had ultimately brought a light to his days in the bunker.
However, that didn’t matter. No one should have to feel their skin and organs melting from their bodies. It was a horrible way to die, being turned into human soup. It was a slow way to die. Agonizing.
“If Tony is going on the mission, it’s only fair that I volunteer myself,” Rhodey spoke up. “I still have the suit he made me, so I can be of some help out there in case we encounter bogies.”
“He isn’t like you, or Carol. He’s a child, for all intents and purposes.” Steve shrugged, like they hadn’t just completely ripped away a person’s entire life. “Loki helped in the process, so that nothing went wrong.”
The soldier leans against the counter, smile smug as he unabashedly stares at the genius. Bucky picks up a fork and gently scoots it closer to the man. “Eat, and I’ll tell you.”
Tony didn’t mind that Carol (now fondly called Captain Marvel by the entire team) had started to disappear in the afternoons to train. He was a little jealous that he couldn’t do the same, but knew that it was a good way for her to find her escape. Tony understood he was a captive, and he missed his family terribly, but in the end… was he really that miserable?
One hand moved forward and flicked the switch on the music player, wincing only slightly as the blasting sound pounded through the lab. The soldiers had given Tony the ability to play his music again.
Both Tony and Peter groaned, throwing themselves onto their shared sofa at the thought of whatever romantic film they’d have to suffer through that night. Pepper rolled her eyes from where she sat, and Rhodey and Happy knew better than to show any sort of disagreement. May was sweet, but it was scary to get on her dark side.
Turning to grab a shirt, Steve threw it on just in time to catch the small beep that one of their rules had been broken. He grinned at Bucky as both men quickly turned and made their way to the control room.
It had been three months since the broadcast claiming a search for Tony Stark, but things had died down substantially when there had been rebels spotted in Russia. The Avengers had to put the search on hold, and things had gone quiet above ground while they dealt with the situation. It put everyone in the bunker at ease.
While a part of the genius wanted to crumble the thing and throw it viciously to the ground, something told him not to do it. A voice warning the man that there was more to the story than he could remember, and it was better to play nice and figure out a second escape then it was to get tied down.
“Are you alright sweetheart?” His lips were close enough to Tony’s skin so that the man felt the lips softly brushing against his ear with each word.
The next day, Tony dramatizes searching for a signal once he’s climbed out of Steve’s pickup, circling around with his phone up in the air and broadcasting mock distress. He turns to Steve with a grin.
. He blinks against the sting that betrays his eyes and is forced to dry off spent tears in his bedsheets when Tony pulls out, giving him an opening. He’s then tugged out of the mess they’ve made, Tony huffing and dramatizing a put-upon sigh.
Steve entertains the thought that he may be right. There’s a 1A classification sitting on Steve’s bureau in his bedroom, and soon enough, Tony will be in there too. And he’s been so sick in his life, sick of many things, he’d like to no longer be sick of not having sex.
He still insists on knocking whenever he enters Tony’s workshop. Even though Tony has told him it’s unnecessary more times than he can count. If Tony wants him out, he won’t get in.
“You’re in every frame of my future. Love, Tony,” Steve reads and it’s strange to hear the words Tony had pored over for hours said so quickly.
“Hey! Hey!” Peter protests, pointing an accusatory finger but he’s got a mirth in his eyes that mirrors Tony’s. They’re so alike, it leaves Steve awestruck, hits him square in the chest. “That is shameful cheating, man. You can’t just demand that he agree with you. Frankly, I’m both appalled and disappointed.”
“I trust you, Tony,” Steve says, and that apparently hoovers the protest out of Tony’s mouth. And while Steve is grateful it gets Tony to pause, he kind of hates the fact that him trusting Tony always takes the other man by surprise. But if Steve has his way, he’ll have a good long while to work on it. He continues with what he hopes is an encouraging and non-crippled smile, “And you trust me. So you can trust that I know what I’m saying, right? Get over here, please.”
Everything—the endearment—swamps Steve at once. He’s so tired, and he doesn’t know he’s crying until he tastes the mocking salt on Tony’s lips, sagging in a heap against him and murmuring nonsense through a watery visage. Tony shushes him, splaying hands at his flanks, shoulders, and the nape of his neck when Steve buries his head in his throat. Tony walks them into the elevator and orders FRIDAY to lock it down until they reach the floor with Steve’s quarters.
“Dunno. Feels like forever,” Steve says, sounds like he’s either elsewhere or too lust-laden for articulation before taking Tony’s cock between his lips and over his tongue. He goes and goes, gets Tony gasping and his hips stuttering.
“Breathe for me. I’ve got you. You’re alright,” is echoed again and again in understanding, and barely-there kisses skirt Steve’s ear. Eyes that are nearly blown black find his, and Tony’s fingers thread through Steve’s hair in a way that is heartbreakingly kind. The other hand grasps Steve’s own, and Tony lays them in a cradle over the irregular drum behind his sternum, on top of skin roughened by scar tissue. Time ticks away, and Steve’s breathing becomes less hurried, synchronizes with Tony’s. “Good, that’s it. It’s okay. I’m right here.”
Questions crab over each other in Steve’s mouth. He wonders when Tony arrived, why he’s here, where he’s been, because it’s been
“What? Tony, Bucky and I—we weren’t ever that. He’s my brother. I’ve always seen him as my brother. He’s family, and I love him. I do miss him, so much, but—” Steve says, bewildered and amused and clearly laughing at Tony. “Jeez. Yes, you’ve misread the situation. Badly.”
“Well that was a real trip for biscuits,” Steve sighs, defeated. He tries not to pout as he scrubs at the sweat running down his nose, the bothersome perspiration sliding to his ear.
, in and out of his bedroom in a suit of red and blue. Tony remembers getting sick into a wastebasket at the image of Peter weaving homemade stitches into his thigh.
Dryly, "I am very concerned about being in good standing with dead poets. Guess I can’t have him at my next seance then.”
“Don’t ‘Tony’ me. Yes, it's three AM but three AM happens to be me at my best so. And I'm not doing anything wrong here,” he says, and he fails at keeping his bitterness behind his teeth.
“Please let the record show that I feel attacked,” Tony says. He starts separating the floating material into individual components before him. “Empty your pockets, accomplice.”
The corner of her mouth comes up in a slash. “I’m curious as to how you know that. Paints a pretty picture if I’m honest.”
With their fingers locked together, Steve leans forward and does just that. The kiss runs mercurial. Tony’s mouth has been cooled by the ice and Steve finds it beneath his tongue, frigid and melting rapidly but the sensation is paired with the familiarity of Tony’s coaxing and insisting rhythm. It’s good and nothing like going under. For one thing, it’s difficult for fear and Tony to occupy the same space. It’s hard for most things and Tony, actually. He’s just so overwhelming and active, and that’s no less true here. Moreover, the ice doesn’t bring pain; it doesn’t burn with bitterness. It doesn’t cling to his lungs and spindle to steal away with his breath. It acts as a comfort from the constant onslaught of heat; it’s resuscitative.
“How exactly did you go from not having a clue on how to dance to wanting to do it every fucking two minutes?” Tony looks down and laughs. The delight on his face is better than anything and Steve steals a couple of buttercream-tinted kisses from his mouth. Drawing back, Tony tsks, “Uh, uh, uh. What the hell happened to your Ferragamos? Are you drunk, husband?”
they show up on time. “So I had to switch around my schedule for Sunday to fit it in. Why did I agree to be a Junior TA again?”
Tony hums appreciatively, tugging on the ends, playing them between the spaces of his fingers. “Kinda feel like I win either way,” he murmurs.
“Steve. Babe, you feel...” Tony moans. A bevy of exaltations swamp Tony’s brain but under Steve’s unrelenting mouth, they lose their shades of definition and become wanting. Tony scrambles to get a grasp on whatever’s near; he holds onto the sure line of Steve’s shoulder and hopes the hard press into the muscle there speaks for itself.
Steve seizes up, stunned, and spills into Tony’s fist. He bites back a wordless shout, a secret behind his teeth, while his hips stutter beyond anything he can control.
“I told you, didn’t I?” Tony’s still chuckling, the sound obscured by Steve’s shoulder and rumbling through his chest.
“Don’t forget bendy. She was very bendy.” Tony slants forward in his chair and rests his chin on his fist. “Seriously, gumdrop, how are you? How’s Kuwait?”
“Well this is all very domestic and out of my purview and comfort zone so I’m going to give you guys some space,” Sam says, blunt as ever and getting up. He makes for the back of the apartment, but first points to the sectional. “Also my aunt gave me that couch. It’s sacred so bear that in mind.”
It’s more attractive than it really should be and Tony hauls him in. He fists Steve’s hair that he’s now thinking twice on and kisses him with an undiluted want, savoring the tang of his own sex. The thrusts of tongue and hips echo after each other, lacking in elegance, nips and love bites just short of bruising. Steve’s hand snakes between their bodies—aligning their cocks and jerking them both—and under his furious command, Tony’s blood ramps back and gets Tony so stiff it aches.
“That’s probably the most important thing, actually. I can see it, though. I can see you in a laboratory so clearly, elbow-deep in a plane’s engine or something like that.” And because Steve can’t stop yammering, “You’re so smart and you’ve got good hands. Talented hands.”
“We’re not even married,” Steve points out when they’re having lunch downtown days later and he's somewhat absorbed Tony's revelation.
“Turkey bacon is real bacon,” Steve tries. He passes his mug to Tony before grabbing cinnamon out of a cabinet.
Steve’s eyes gleam and don’t abandon Tony’s when he takes Tony’s hand, turns it over and bites at the palm. He laves it with his tongue before continuing, “Can I ride you? I’d love that. I’ve thought about it so much.”
Steve’s gaze flickers, lips then eyes and lips once more. “Gandalf and Gimli,” he says, hushed, so near and dear.
“If it comes to that, we’ll handle it. I didn't come up with this myself but I admire the man who uttered the words: the safest hands are our own.”
“I’m ready, I’m ready,” he swears, rolling the condom on Steve and feeling warm at the ruinous groan Steve gives for it. “You need to get in me. I want to come on your dick.”
“Start at the back and circle around to the cafe?” Steve suggests to Tony, once everyone’s gotten bored of them.
And it’s more of the same. The articles he’s poured over more frequently than is sane don’t bear the whiff of a hint, and there’s absolutely nothing on the Winter Soldier anywhere. Not even in the deepest and darkest crevices of Hydra-Shield’s spidery catacombs.
“She was part of the rebellion, the one that started up when we began. While she never told us the names of the people she worked with, the woman wasn’t as innocent as she claimed. In fact, one of her moves was to set off a bomb in protest to our rule. She went to the middle of times square and set several up.
The billionaire froze, looking back at the struggling prisoner in shock. There had been such a huge blast, none of them should have gotten out alive. But it had been a quick death, not what was being suggested in the room.
The other scientist waved at them, before focusing back up on the sides that he had been chopping before the two had made an appearance.
It’s only when the family starts to really experience what Tony can only guess is a demon that he starts to pay attention to the screen. The plate is gently lifted away from his lap, and Bucky disappears for a moment before he’s back, casually wrapping an arm around the back of the sofa. Steve puts the blanket back to its original position.
Both turned to face Pepper, leaning against the frame with a half-smile as she watched them. “Coffee and breakfast will be done in five minutes,” she added.
He felt Peter grab his arm, hear the roar as Bruce became the giant green monster and gave chase… or at least, that’s what he thought that the man would do.
However, the set of curls snuggled up right under his nose remained the same, and he came to the realization that he was settled on a soft mattress. Moving his head only slightly back so he could take in his surroundings, Tony recognized the soft cream and rich green that made up the covers of the large bed that had been set in the room he’d awoken in earlier.
“I can’t genius without my hands,” he murmured, seemingly upset even if he had thoroughly enjoyed allowing Peter and Shuri to do the task.
“Pwomise?” Peter pulled back; his now red rimmed eyes still wet as he held up his pinky with a very serious expression on his tiny face.
Told you I was already working on the next chapters :) Thank you for the comments, suggestions, bookmarks, kudos, and subscriptions. You guys keep me motivated and give me some great ideas!
His voice was dry, and it was hard not to start coughing as the question came out. “Let’s eat some soup and then we can talk about her,” Rogers was quick to reply.
Tony vaguely makes out promises from the two men, told that he’ll be protected. Told that he won’t suffer again. But he tunes it out, curling into the warmth that is suddenly around him as he delves into the darkness with an open embrace.
A hand gently touched his face, but whatever they’d used to calm him down and prevent another heart attack was making the room swim. Or maybe delusional, he could have sworn he heard Peter chastising the king.
He stood, turning towards the hallway where they had all come from. “They’re not going near Peter, and neither are you.”
“Stephen Strange,” he introduced himself, reaching forward and gently pulling Tony’s arm back to its original position so he could finish wrapping the wound. “Now hold still so I can finish this, it won’t do you any good to bleed out.”
And while Tony still wasn’t allowed to create an Iron Man suit (Steve claimed that he didn’t want him to put himself in any kind of danger), he was given better tech to work on.
Horror movies won that night again. And soon enough the genius couldn’t bare to watch more as he stuck his face into the soldier’s chest and tried to hide away from the images flashing on the screen.
“This is one of our weapons depots, it holds some of our new tech. I was hoping you’d look at them see if there’s anything we can improve on.” She paused, seeing a look of complete terror take over the genius’ expression.
For just a moment, he wanted to do exactly as he was ordered. But the trembling of the small body in his arms brought Tony back to why he had fought the men in the first place. He shook his head.
“I knew you’d change your mind!” Carol all but shrieked, smile almost as wide as her face as she looked at the startled genius.
They had barely made it out of the aircraft before it crashed and was destroyed in the dense brush. Jarvis once again claiming that they had no business with his creator before the thing had shut down completely and lost all power.
They all pivoted, weapons at ready, when the now familiar sound of the A.I. spoke up from behind the group.
“If you break another one of my things, I’m not replacing it Honeybear,” he grumbled, not bothering to open his eyes.
A flash of light echoed throughout the room before the blue lights of Jarvis’ data processing turned green, blinking in a long light indicating that the transfer to the new server had begun.
“I was told to bring this, and to let you know that you should put Peter to bed and go back to your room.” She spoke without emotion.
They flew for at least four hours before landing, the silence almost peaceful as Carol concentrated on contacting whomever had rigged Jarvis into helping them escape.
“You’re part of my family too J, and I can’t have you disappear because some crooks think it’s okay to hack you and tear you apart.” He explained, a part of the plan he’d kept secret from the machine. After speaking to the young princess of Wakanda, she had gotten several servers ready to transfer Jarvis.
A girl stood in the doorway, her eyes glowing red. Her hands had the same glow, and she wore a dirty hospital gown and no shoes. Her hair whipped as if caught in a nonexistent wind. Her full attention was on him.
There was absolute silence for a moment, as if the entire table couldn’t believe that the little boy had done such a thing.
The genius frowned, looking down at his plate. He had two options, he could deny it and claim he was only trying to get the soldier to let go, or he could stay silent. Not necessarily deny it, but not accept that he had verbally told the man he was in love with him.
Instead of the new shield shirt, the next choice was old. It had obviously been held onto for a while judging by how the logo on the front was fading. However, it was still easy to make out the shining words, “whose strong and brave, here to save the American way?” And on the back, “the Star-Spangled Man with a Plan.”
He knew better than to reply. Instead, Tony threw himself back and watched as they all moved to grab him. His battered suit, powered by JARVIS, threw itself forward and blew, causing enough diversion to let Iron Man take to the sky.
He had to stop himself from jumping when he heard the door open, the blond stepping through the doorway with a large smile donning his full lips. He had a small plate with what looked like two cookies, although Tony wondered how it could possibly be a surprise since it was such a small amount.
Depending on how the mission went, the others would make a pit stop at one of the warehouses that stored some of the rebellions equipment, and then make their way to Wakanda.
Peter scrambles out of his grip and ignores Tony’s immediate reaction as he reaches for the boy. The child ignores the spit and opens the bag, pulling out the radio with a grin as he turns it on.
By the fourth victim, an older man, Tony had started to beg. The man had been convicted of arson, and his crime had left a few victims burnt, but alive. However, in the regime of the soldiers, that didn’t mean anything. Like the men before him, the arson got to feel the savagery of a weapon that was never meant to be on the market. The only sound beyond his screams were those of Tony begging for them to stop.
In an underground bunker, where darkness was around every corner until Jarvis turned on lights, it meant that ghost stories were strictly out of the question.
“And us in,” Tony grumbled, welcoming the anger curling up in his chest again as he pushed himself to his feet and away from the two men. Approaching Peter, he crouched down and held out a hand to the orange creature, smiling when it rubbed against his offering.
Tony holds up a hand, stopping the words. “Not now… I can’t… focus on that right now.” His smile is a little stiff, but he leans forward and places a gentle kiss on the boy’s temple.
T’Challa had settled himself on an armchair, looking less like a king and more like an exhausted twenty-something year old that had the world thrust upon his shoulders. Tony understood the feeling too well.
Steve had returned on the third day to spend time with him, not talking about the incident from the night before. He had moved a desk into the room and worked on several papers while Tony watched whatever documentary Natasha had put into the system for him. Not that he processed most of it.
“You need to calm down,” the blond’s voice had the command in it that Tony hadn’t heard in a long time. But unlike the first time Tony had heard it, he scowled openly instead. Peter had been hurt, maybe not in the common sense, but that didn’t matter. The two men had stepped over a line, and what could only now be described as his child was the one suffering for it. It was on their shoulders.
“But you didn’t have me,” Peter grinned, “so we twist them. You and I, we act like the dream family they want, and we twist them.  You nudge them, instead of hurting someone, why not… give them a jury? Instead of hunting down the rebellion, why not… reason with them instead?”
“It’s movie night,” Steve explains without being prompted. “And you haven’t eaten. We figured you could join the team and eat with us. Want to join us? Or would you prefer to stay here sweetheart?”
“Sure,” Happy rolled his own eyes as he helped the brunette get to his feet, actually smiling at the disgruntled look he received.
For what felt like the hundredth time, Tony glanced towards the hallway, hoping that one of the teens would show up telling him that the A.I. was ready to be transferred, or was close to it. Tony understood that the amount of data it had taken to create Jarvis was colossal, and that gathering everything after he had spread so thin would take time.
Loki had been pleased with the development and had been waiting for such an opportunity of revolt to take over. The rebellion had quickly died down with the two God’s present, and both had been left in charge of cleaning up the mess and ruling the area with an iron fist to make sure it didn’t happen again.
“I had a few childish urges today, and I gave into them. I didn’t even think about it… But they were… they were nice.” He admits. “Bucky made me feel… safe… despite everything.”
Clint, grinning like a loon, waves up at Tony as he moves to climb up a faux building. Ready to take his perch as the large clock in the room starts a countdown.
It was raining, and the field that they had arranged to meet on was quickly turning into a mud pit. Tony couldn’t help but think it was interesting, that the sky was crying for him. He could still hardly catch his breath and had had help from Rhodey to even get around the bunker. But he was determined.
“Star Wars!” The cry was followed by two tiny fists pumping into the air, Peter seemingly very comfortable with his perch on Bucky’s lap.
“We have a female in need of extraction. She has powers, and while she’s gained control over them, she’s now come onto their radar.” T’Challa leaned forward, knowing that he didn’t have to explain whom he was speaking about.
The light from the window woke him, the sound of the birds singing gently outside a reminder that he was exactly where he needed to be.
It was at eight that night when the lights flickered, before the power went out. Jarvis was still up, and began to explain that someone was trying to hack into the system to open the bunker doors. The A.I. sounded panicked, telling the genius that it wasn’t too late for the man to escape, even if he had erased all information on Wakanda from the database.
If Tony remembered correctly, Sam and Clint were the goofs of the whole gang. They’d laugh and crack jokes at anyone’s expense, and things hadn’t changed. However, they were also dangerous in the sense that like Rogers, they could flip without warning.
Two arms caught Tony around the waist, another set grabbing Peter and trying to pull him away from the genius.
“I hacked into the letter and made it so that when it got sent out the next week, it was basically a proclamation of how much he loved me. With private photos that had never been released and everything!”
The blond stepped around the prisoner, moving forward to run a gentle hand down Tony’s face. Barnes all but hugging him against his own chest so that he was trapped between the two men.
“He’ll have enough time to transfer before that room gets destroyed!” Shuri reassured him, even if her eyes never left the warehouse door.
“It’s a mildly scary show, is there something you’d like to watch? I know you don’t really enjoy this kind of stuff.” Steve grinned, remote already up as he paused the show to glance down at Tony. When all he got was a shake of the head and the genius curling closer into the super soldier, Steve pressed play and dropped his hand.
Frantically, he started to look for the child, only to find the crying little boy huddled in Bucky’s embrace.
Tony knows that it’s wrong. He knows that, rationally, the man holding him is the reason he’s even in such a state. But he can’t stop himself, he can’t help it. A hand locks onto the blonde’s shirt and Tony finds himself curling further into the warmth the man provides. Eyes closing.
Carol let out a very unladylike snort, “it’s not a good plan. It’s a plan that’s ninety-nine percent guaranteed to work.”
As the pilot decided to land the plane just to the front of the house, right before the crops started, Tony recognized that whomever they were rescuing was rather thorough about their security. They had set up several surveillance points around the entire property consisting of cameras, in order to be able to see if anyone was coming onto the farm unwelcome.
If Tony thought the blond was frightening before, it was nothing compared to the look of complete calm that fell over Roger’s face at seeing the injury.
My name is Carol Danvers. I was brought here against my will. I was de-aged by a monster god. I’m forced to get an injection each day to curb my powers, so that neither of us can escape.”
“Finish your bath and we’ll go eat cookies,” the soldier suggested to the two, smiling gently as he placed the pile on the counter.
She sounded just like Peter. Excited about the concept of science and the ability to participate in something so new. There was no hiding his fond smile, especially as it grew when he spotted his kid sitting at the board in the computer room, looking ready to do whatever was expected of him.
“You like Shawarma, right?” Clint is babbling as he moves the chair towards the back wall of the room. “After this, I’ll get you some food. Well, we’ll order out.” He leaned down and puts the brakes on the chair, jumping in front of the genius whom upon observing the new room has turned a few shades paler.
“Did you, or are you making one for yourself?” Their voices were still quite, a habit that they’d picked up so that the team wouldn’t know that they were talking about subjects that weren’t acceptable to the super soldiers.
“What the fuck is that supposed to mean?” The words came out raspy, the genius wanted to sound tougher but his heart had plummeted to his stomach.
“But despite all of this, you still didn’t want people getting hurt,” the blond looked impressed. “Tony, you left that desert hell and came back to change things for the better. When you were betrayed, you just burned brighter. You stopped weapons production; you donated so much money and helped technology develop all over the world. You put an end to the horrible things your father started and refused to take credit. Even as Iron Man, you wouldn’t do press releases or even take photos for the press, you just did what you had to do because it was the right thing to do!”
“And there’s Stevie with the baby!” Bucky chirped, removing Tony’s attention from a retreating Clint Barton to the car.
Peter’s smile splits his entire face, clapping brightly. “This is Goose! He’s the Flerken we were talking about.”
Everything he had likely missed started to run through his mind. Had Peter started shaving yet? Had Rhodey or Happy taught him the proper way to do it? Had the kid created some sort of invention in the lab with the king’s sister that Tony hadn’t gotten to see? He’d missed movie nights, game nights, even sparring in the gym.
When the genius had expected to get slapped or worse, the blond had simply stood up with his maniac of a grin and left the room. The door closing gently behind him, the audible click of a lock echoing through the air.
However, the thoughts are torn when he starts to shiver from the lack of warmth. It seems the discomfort is known, as Steve is leaning over him with his hands moving to tuck under his armpits. “I’m going to lift you, close your eyes so you don’t get discombobulated.”
Still confused as to how his injuries had healed without a trace, and why he wasn’t chained down after having already escaped once, Tony finally looked around the room.
“Take him to the living room, Buck.” Steve’s voice was faint as he spoke to the other soldier, Tony coming up for only a moment before sinking under the waves of turmoil again. “I don’t want the kid to see him like this.”
Gazing around the genius decided he would just wear his pajamas, feet bare as he padded to the hall door to see if they had left it unlocked.
“If you’re going to be a ninja, you could at least let go of my hand so that I don’t fall off this bed,” Tony deadpanned, although the smile on his face told Peter he was teasing.
He expected to be thrown into a memory, to see Peter, Rhodey, Pepper, or one of them. So when he found himself in an empty field he’d never seen in his life, Tony was very confused. This wasn’t a memory… not his memory anyway.
He’d have to find a time to pick the princess’ brain, surely, she had some amazing ideas that he could help come to light. Especially if it meant making the world better. Hell, as long as he steered the teens away from making real life lightsabers, they could likely conquer the world of technology in the blink of an eye.
Something in the atmosphere changed very quickly. One moment Barnes was holding him in comfort, the next the arms started to become constricting. Whatever was coming, Tony wasn’t going to like it. He didn’t even attempt to hide the panic when Rogers stood, bringing the weapon with him. He had created the design for the weapon as a joke, to test himself to see if he could really do it.
The Captain did not look amused, his arms crossed as he glared at the back of the technicians. They were the best of the best, but none could find a single way to track down Tony Stark’s whereabouts.
Is this what they thought would be sufficient punishment? Is this what they would do each time he didn’t act the way they wanted? If so, Tony was fine with it. He’d much rather be alone than to have to converse with any of the former heroes. Besides, he had suffered through so much more in Afghanistan.
Tony would eat breakfast with the team, then get put in the lab with Carol, and finally get whisked off to “hang out” with the two super soldiers until dinner. They’d sleep together, and share kisses that Tony was growing less and less resistant against.
I hope you enjoyed this chapter, truly! I felt like I wrote it a little scrambled, but I'm doing my best. If you're like, what happened that night!? Don't worry, it'll be returning sooner or later.
Wanda throws a glance over her shoulder, as if she senses something. Instantly, the red hue envelops the whole doorway, a barrier to keep anyone from entering the room. A tendril of light sneaks over Tony’s shoulder and wraps around his neck, as if she is ready to strangle him at any moment. He feels a slight tingle, a burn on the skin, but otherwise his breathing is fine.
The god laughed, running a hand through his hair as he shook his head. “Tony, Tony, Tony… as if I wouldn’t find some alone time to speak with you. The Avengers believe that I’m still in the library, and they still see you tinkering away at your….toys…”
Pulling back for a moment, the hurricane that was Steve Rogers didn’t hesitate to take the opportunity to peel the genius’ shirt over his head. Their skin on skin contact setting his body on fire as the natural heat from the super soldiers body melted into his skin.
“The Hulk doesn’t need to train, if he’s out, then its destruction,” Bruce explains, his hands flying over a control board pressing a variety of buttons as he sets the battle simulation for the team.
“I decided to see what was going on, because I knew they were using our weapons. Instead, I find out that Platypus was in charge of sending weekly newsletters to the different bases around the world about what was going on.” He snickered, remembering the scolding he’d received from his friend for what he’d done.
Tony couldn’t stop the laughter that bubbled out of him. The kid’s hair was hanging in every which direction, his eyes half closed as he tried desperately to figure out what was going on. Seems like he wasn’t the only one that fell asleep during the film.
With that, the suits began to drag the group towards the ship, Rhodey and Peter struggled the most, but couldn’t stop themselves from being thrown into the awaiting transport. Slowly, the door closed behind them, leaving only a large viewing window that was flanked by two iron man suits that had remained on the ship to keep the group from doing anything stupid.
The man had then proceeded to run a hand down Tony’s face gently, “remember, you forced me to do this to you. This was your choice,” he added.
Looking down at his bare feet, Tony sighed as he took in the worn carpet that felt a little rough under his toes. He had the scar from the leg wound, but fortunately it was healed enough that he could walk on it without trouble.
“She may be de-aged, but she sure acts like a kid.” He grinned, receiving smiles in return for his quip.
“Breathe,” he commands softly. “Breathe doll,” his voice is soft, almost nurturing if it weren’t for the fact that they’re about to hurt him irreversibly.
Rogers was leaning casually up against a wall, his arms crossed in front of him like he hadn’t had a care in the world. Bucky Barnes sat on the ground beside him, flicking a knife up and down as if it were a ball. Just to the left, in front of them, Peter Parker was bound to a metal chair. His leg clearly broken, cheeks bruised, and tears streaming down his face as the gag in his mouth didn’t allow for the kid to talk. He kept his eyes squeezed tightly shut, as if the motion would prevent the reality of his situation from continuing. Natasha stood just to his side, smiling at the camera. She had been the one to answer the call.
The little body pressed against his chest released a small whimper, two tiny hands gripping his shirt in fists as if afraid Tony would disappear.
Turning on her heel, Wanda started back towards the tree, Pietro disappearing for a moment before he reappeared in the distance. “Come on, I have someone I want you to meet.”
Soon enough War Machine was off, going directly after Bucky who was closest to him. The soldier dodged to the right, trying and barely missing getting the man in a left hook.
“You’ll get function back in about an hour Tony,” Bruce reassured. “We just don’t want you to have another heart attack, not when you’ve finally got your health back.”
Rogers looked up, something soft in his expression as he stared at Tony. “You’re too good for this world, they really don’t deserve you. To give forgiveness to someone who did something so horrible to you.”
Pepper rolled her eyes, snatching the cup and moving towards the kitchen with a motion for Happy or May to follow her. Both did, looking rather comfortable and content.
Tony frowned, weighing the options in his head. The words rang true in his mind. A life that was completely safe meant that he’d never take risks. That he’d never created some of the spectacular inventions that he had made.
Rolling to dodge a beam that would have surely gone through him, Tony thanks his lucky stars that it goes through the door of the booth and allows him to slam it open. He staggers into the hallway, the bots on his tail as he ignores the shooting pain in his leg again as he runs.
His legs were weak, and he didn’t want to give the men an opportunity to grab him if he fell, so Tony moved and settled as far away from Steve on the sofa as he could.
Tony had built Peter a communicator that resembled something out of a futuristic film. It could be used both to communicate and as a video feed, in case they were too lazy to leave a certain room but wanted to reach out. Peter had thanked him profusely and said it was amazing despite how lame the billionaire felt about it. He’d even run to one side of the compound with the thing in his ear to test it.
“Oh. Can’t really counter that. Thanks, Cap. I appreciate it,” Tony says, and then he chugs down the water and the medicine. His tired grin knocks Steve’s heart—and the house of cards—sideways.
Steve’s laugh warms damp skin. "In the morning. I meant in the morning. I've told you that you're kind of an asshole, right?"
“Well there’s the good news and then there’s news that’s potentially good and potentially bad,” Tony hedges.
However, he believes Tony when he says it’s his last night of leave because he kisses like a man who’s been to war and is heading back. At least, Steve thinks so. Or maybe Tony just kisses well, kisses normal, and knows what he’s about because he’s done it more than Steve’s sad handful of times. Which has to be pathetically evident with how Steve fumbled with his keys and over the threshold, the way his nose squashed against Tony’s again and again before he finally got the angle right. Now, Tony’s got him pressed against the door with a grip on his hips and a kiss so thorough and deep, Steve feels it in his toes.
“Yeah? Who says? Because that is a dirty lie,” Tony remarks before nosing them back into a kiss as he weaves a territorial hand into Steve’s hair. It’s immediately good, a skip of lips and wet, persuasive tongue, and then it’s bone-melting, flame-licking heat from his skull down to the arches of his feet, and reducing Steve to slur needy, unintelligible things into Tony’s mouth. They make out for what stretches like hours. Rutting against each other, they’re all mouths, hands, and shallow thrusts that prompt the distressed leather of the seat to sing a chorus of whines and the windows to cloud up before Tony pulls away to blindly fumble for the lube and dribble slick over his fingers.
Sam, frighteningly terrible at looking after himself. And it’s like an instinct, you know? To take care of him. All I want to do is cuddle up with him, and make sure he doesn’t suffocate himself in his bedsheets because that’s a real possibility. And I want to ply him with chicken noodle soup and get him healthy but I shouldn’t because he’s not mine—”
“Nope. And speaking of...mail call.” Tony gets up and retrieves an old, browned folder from a nearby bench. He hands it to Steve, hates that he has to. Hates the sour shadow that falls over Steve’s face; like clockwork it sets with any news or—as has been trending—lack thereof. “Came in today. Origins, Kiev.”
“I’m fine to do it. It’s relaxing. You just want me to be lazy on the couch with you,” Steve says. He lets the moment sit, underscored with the washing and rinsing of dishes from that evening’s dinner before asking, “How’s Peter doing?”
He sounds honored of all things, and Tony swallows over the affection that threatens to overwhelm him. He’s hoarse when he says, “Of course I would.”
Letting his arm plop back, Tony rolls his eyes and gently bites the outside of Steve’s nipple. He sighs. “I’m ready for a damn nap so you better tell your recovering dick to get the fuck out.”
It’s not his most sterling moment and the silence sits long enough for Steve to get the wrong idea, his nervous and beautiful smile thinning to a frown that just won’t do. Because Tony recognizes that it’s been exactly six months with Steve, label or no label. It’s been six months with beautiful, incredible Steve who memorizes Tony’s schedule, notes his sleeping habits, and can’t bake for shit. And Tony can't stand the thought of losing him, needs him to know that this has been the best six months of his life. That he wants countless more because since the day he met Steve there's been this feeling--nagging, insistent, nudging--that Tony couldn't find proper words for but he thinks it has something to do with the rest of his life.
“Never been better,” he says hoarsely, raps his heel at Steve’s calf and lifts into the hardness against him. “C’mon, c’mon, come on. Need you in me yesterday.”
Greedily, he shunts his hips up when Tony pushes inside of him and rolls into the pace that makes Steve’s toes curl and cross. Steve pleads for more, to get it harder, and Tony fucks him just like he asks.
“That is such a turn-off,” Tony says, a shitty lie-slash-groan that shades over into something far less dignified. “Not to mention, it makes it harder to avoid them when you know that. How
“It’s called grigioverde. Italian for grey-green. I initially wanted a blue,” Tony says at his side. Steve sees a flash of Tony’s hand in his peripheral, the up and down of his shrug. “Figured it’d be romantic. You know, go for the color of your eyes, but turns out that there’s not a blue out there that does them justice, so I dropped that idea. Put this together by accident when I was shopping, but it fits, earthy, a few shades short of army green. Tribute to your service and all.”
Tony shrugs, toeing out of his shoes and socks. He tilts his head to the right and left as he answers, conveying
He doesn’t finish; he can’t. He doesn’t want to arrive at the other side or think about the way Steve talks about Barnes sometimes, the longing Tony catches in his eyes on occasion, what getting Barnes back might mean to Steve.
An aching and long moment passes between them, and in lieu of scaring Tony shitless, it makes him feel courageous.
, deliberate in its multiplicity—that Tony has in hand. They start at the ridge of Steve’s collarbone, running over his throat with stings of teeth and ice, and taking detours along his sides that are bittersweet and short-lived in the tinderbox space between their bodies. It turns Steve into a mess; saliva and ice-melt trickle down the crease of his thigh and his ass. Tony comes back up his body with slippery ease, a squelching noise that they don’t print in Harlequins. They both laugh, and that too is with ease; it’s nice.
Tony ignores that because they’re becoming friends, he thinks. Steve now just sounds equal parts amused by and resigned to the universal laws of Tony’s nature. That’s basically the textbook definition of friendship with Tony.
“Nothing,” Tony admits softly. “We can’t guarantee that he’ll never hurt again. We can’t even guarantee his safety, especially with his propensity for flinging himself off high rises.”
In hindsight, Tony is grateful because the sleep on Sam’s illustrative pullout affords Tony the energy to make out with Steve in the elevator and all the way up to the penthouse when they’re back in the city.
“Hey, I was game,” Steve reminds him, bussing under Tony’s chin. He dodges a swat by climbing out of Tony’s cage of limbs and rooting around in their bedside drawer. For a moment, he’s talking to himself, swearing he put it right back the last time they used it.
Steve sets the tray down and carefully passes a bowl to him before sitting down with his own. He stirs it absently. “I’m not sulking. I would have come back out.”
It’s not to say that Steve had ever anticipated the culling of half the universe or its aftermath. No, that’s well beyond the edges of any damnation he could have imagined. However, when he touches himself in the new world and can’t find completion, he’s stolen by surprise, and then anger, that this too has been taken away. At first, he reasons that it’s exhaustion, the sleeplessness more than the sallow stamps under his eyes but infested in his bones as well. He thought it would go away in time. Once the grief lingered long enough for Steve to sleep with it, long enough for Steve to resign himself to the fresh carving it’d seared into his life like a scar with no honor.
“Seeing as how monetary compensation would be ill-spent on me, Sir, I’m quite satisfied with our current arrangement of unsettled IOUs,” JARVIS responds, level and full of sass.
“Look at who you’re talking to. We could all stand to take a lesson in patience, honestly,” Steve admits with a light chuckle. “I know you don't like it but training helps us understand your abilities and hone them. We also have to know how you assess situations and how you problem solve. We have to know that we can trust you out there. Tony and I need you be safe. We won’t accept anything less and that means it’ll be tough. Your safety is our number one priority. You are our priority always, Peter.”
Tony hooks his arms around Steve’s neck without question and Steve’s palms open on his back. He flips them over and suddenly Tony is on top with a sound that’s high and intelligible. However, he doesn’t have time to complain because Steve is kissing him while sneaking a clever and lube-slicked hand between them, finger and then fingers pushing huge into Tony, twisting out and back in. Mouth slack around a moan, he fucks himself on fingers that burn thick and seemingly touch everything inside of him. They then angle and press his prostate, stunningly electric and getting Tony to buck and abandon any semblance of restraint. Restless and with only half a mind, he grabs up the condom and tears it open.
“The fact that you think this is half of Walgreens proves that you’ve never actually stepped foot inside a Walgreens.”
Tony stares after him, arrested on the spot. After he’s regained feeling in his knees, he reaches Steve in quick steps, leans in to whisper, “You are just. Okay, firstly? You’re a menace. And there is a secondly, a thirdly, and so forth but none of them are appropriate to be uttered in public. I realize that doing the unexpected is your thing but you should be careful, someone just might call your bluff.”
“Shh, it’s alright, baby. Daddy’s here. It’s okay,” Tony shushes, lightly kissing the top of his head and his temple, trying to coax him back to sleep. “Daddy’s right here. Let’s go to sleep, buddy.”
“You’re pure trouble, aren’t you?” Tony asks, breathless when they seperate. “I should know. Connoisseur speaking here.”
“I can’t forget it, Tony. I can look at you and tell something’s wrong. You know you can talk to me about whatever it is. If you’re having a bad time—”
Tony heaves an exasperated sigh. “Neat. He says it’s neat. Yeah, no. Come on. Park it over here. I’ll show you.”
Tony looks around their kitchen and is grateful for the house he and Steve had bought together last year. Once Peter was out of school, it’d been Steve’s idea for the three of them to get away to their home outside of the city and mend what was their family fracturing. The silent treatment from Peter’s end awkwardly shifted into stilted conversation and then rules were set out. Tony’d upgraded Peter’s suit—repeatedly checked over every inch of it until it was burned in his memory—and after another sleepless night, he and Steve decided to let Peter train at the compound a few days out of the week.
Lazy minutes limp by and— all too soon, not soon enough—Steve wakes without even stirring. A few blinks and he’s alert, the serum and a soldier’s cognizance stymying the bleed of lethargy.
“That is the truth, Tony,” Steve croaks, drenched in desperation. He sounds terrible, and in this moment, Tony hates that he cares. “I couldn’t—Tony, telling you, the only purpose it’d serve was to bring you unnecessary pain.”
“You’re a punk. There’s one more thing because I meant it when I said what’s important to you means something to me. That’s what makes these things work, right? So I’m not saying it’s going to be easy for me to look at Barnes when we do eventually get him back. I’ll see what he did to my parents, that he put you down for two rosaries worth, and I can’t promise to not be a lowkey jerk about that at the start but I won’t blame him.” And the distinction matters so he adds, “I don’t blame him. Now, I’m officially done declaring my love for you over your gross granny smith apples.”
But Steve is so excited to do this--in fierce competition with the children surrounding them--and so viciously adorable that Tony follows him to the alpacas, llamas, calves, pigs, and goats. Steve is over the moon when they reach the goats because apparently his grandmother had a farm full of them when he was a kid. He presses goat feed into Tony’s nervous hands with promises that it won’t bite. Apparently, goats don’t have the teeth to cause serious injury. Its nibbling only tickles the skin of Tony’s palms. It’s not too bad if Tony doesn’t look it directly in the eye. It’s worthwhile given how Steve’s laugh washes over the kicks of wind and the animal’s bleats. The day is nothing that Tony predicted and all the more perfect for it.
“Not awful. Baby steps, you know? But it feels good not to have conversations with my son be wholly awkward anymore. And I think he might actually have real plans to be a normal teenager today,” Tony explains. Steve’s comforting kiss and fan of fingers at his jawline tells Tony he doesn’t really come through with the levity he was aiming for.
“Probably should have let this breathe earlier,” Tony mumbles, tossing the ice that’s inside the bucket. The sound lances at Steve’s bravery, spikes an involuntary chill up through him, from the arches of his feet and spreading across his shoulders in a rash. “Must avoid a Ralphie moment at all costs. I showed you
Steve steps up to Tony and closes the gap between them. He stills Tony’s busy hands, takes them in his own. Pulling him in until Tony has his arms slung over Steve’s shoulders and splays a greater heat there, Steve drags him into a kiss. He strokes the slash of Tony’s cheekbone and in between the skip of dry lips, he says, “I know, I know.”
Resorting to what worked when Peter was just weeks old with colic, Tony ends up fitting him into a light jacket and piling them into the Subaru he still can’t believe he actually owns but has proven to be reliable for discretion as well as safety.
“How is this my life?” Peter cries to the ceiling, feeling halfway to asylum, and again it doesn’t answer back. Not even a witty remark from JARVIS.
“Because I’m slightly obnoxious. I don’t know. The general idea was to make him laugh again. To take him out of his head a little, give him something to fuss over. He loves to fuss over the suit.”
“You’re welcome, Rogers,” Tony finds himself saying, and he thinks the sincerity surprises them both.
Tony’s heard all about Natasha’s matchmaking. He nearly bent out of shape howling at the story Steve told him about the accountant with the lip piercing, begging Tony to
“I need you to be sure. This has to be something you want. That’s important to me,” Steve says and Tony lets himself be vulnerable to the search of his gaze, doesn’t hide anything. He bares naked the want that’s been there since the beginning, the affection he holds for all that Steve is, and the self-possession that anchors Tony’s decision.
“It makes perfect sense. But you’re still you, Peter. You’re not separated from who you are. It’s like,” Steve pauses, frowning. He's so desperate not to bungle this. “Being fragmented. There are pieces of you that’s everyone who you ever loved and who loved you. They’re scattered right now but they come back together because nothing can take them away from you. They stick with you. They're permanent. May will always be a part of you. Nothing will ever change that. I promise you.”
“Jesus, Steve,” he moans. It turns into more of a high whine when Steve lets Tony feed him his cock, lift his hips and make a few passes over Steve’s tongue. Tony watches precome drip waxlike, the color of pearl on a pretty pink. What’s collected on the tip of Steve’s tongue is curled back and swallowed. “Oh fuck, Steve. Sweetheart, how are you real? You’re not real. So gorgeous.”
Mock gasping, the brunette reached for the younger kid and laughed when Peter ducked but ended up sprawling on Shuri’s chair instead, sending both the teen and princess to the floor. He would have been able to keep up the expression too, if Peter hadn’t turned a particular shade of red as he stuttered and tried to disentangle himself from Shuri.
“Well, it was supposed to be a surprise,” Bucky drawled, catching Tony’s attention. “But yeah, he’s got a lab now. Bruce will work with him, or one of us, but he’s going to work on some of the gear for us.” The brunette looks down to meet Tony’s wide eyes, grinning lightly. “Surprise doll.”
What was it with them and the need for protection? Tony wanted to scoff, scream, but Wanda’s eyes flashed through his mind and instantly the urge disappeared as he let the very real tears slide out of his eyes. The shaking starting up again as he thought of Peter standing in front of him, a bullet through his skull.
“We can’t do this.” The echo of words are softened with a kiss of apology to the inside of his wrist this time around.
Steve lets Tony gather him by the scruff of his jaw, veer him from the slammed door with fastened mouths and a prying tongue. He lets Tony corner him against the headboard with fingers that claw and skin-off his clothes like talons, open Tony’s shirt one-handed. The fingers turn spit-slick in Tony’s mouth before they crook thick into Steve, opening him wide with a rocking wrist. His broad palms manhandle the slashes of Steve’s pelvis and yank him down the mattress. With kisses torn off by gasps and greed, Tony hikes up Steve’s legs around his waist in a cinch before sliding home.
Like he’s giving it some thought, Peter’s brown eyes are inquisitive, and when he’s done deliberating, he says simply, “Nope, sleep.”
“Um, no. Not the coat closet.” Steve‘s eyes go a little shadowy and Tony wants him for the rest of his life. “I
“That vernacular is so not on, but yeah, word to the wise, I wouldn’t put my money there,” Tony says in an obvious stage-whisper, scoffing. He then smirks because Steve’s head whips around from his conversation with Cho and Barton, super-hearing activated. Riling up a drunk Steve is too easy, it’s almost not even worth trying, but nonetheless, it’s goddamn entertaining.
So Tony doesn’t. After adding another finger, Tony stretches him with twisted angles and tiny little punches. He’s caught between watching his knuckles disappear into the clenching tight of Steve and watching the pleasure pretty up Steve’s face, who’s wanton and shameless. If time could actually stand still, Tony thinks he’d keep this part forever, tuck it away where it can’t wither.
Kiss-stung and clutched by want and how right it feels, Steve bows his forehead down to rest against Tony’s after.
“Let’s see how you do, smooth-talker,” Steve says, humming and suggestive. His smile pulls like taffy, and then he’s nipping at a tendon in Tony’s neck. And all of that combined is evidently a shot to Tony’s cock, making it jump.
“Yes, yes,” Steve moans in happy exertion, grinding up and desperate to press himself against every part of Tony, desperate to come. “Please don’t stop. I--I can take it, I swear. I won’t break.”
Steve’s hips pick up pace again, hurried and dogged before they stutter and then still. Steve spills into him with a groan and words too soft for Tony to get completely.
. Tony’s desperately caught between never wanting Steve to dress in anything else and wanting to rip it right off of him, gossipy patronage be damned.
And Steve doesn’t pretend to be alright, shakes his head ‘no.’ “Crap day,” is what he manages in a humorless huff.
Tony makes a last ditch effort. “No way I can convince you that I’m an incredibly considerate human being and wanted to catch you at an hour that’s not godforsaken to chat and reconnect?” Rhodey doesn’t bite so Tony sighs. “I might be into Steve Rogers, and I need someone to reinforce what an awful idea that is while he’s not here because for some reason Steve has a habit of living in the workshop, which is fine but also makes me sort of cagey since I then have to actively school my face not to make heart eyes at him.”
Tony’s brow hitches up high in amusement as he breathes in the steam curling from the mug. He asks, “What’re you going to do? Frog-march me out?”
“Don’t. Please don’t,” Tony begs, a croaky mess of alcohol and hurt. Shit it hurts so much. He’d had no idea how inconsolable the other side of this could make him feel.
“Trying to fall asleep. Failing miserably.” Tony sighs. His forehead scrubs the back of Steve’s shirt with an audible noise of frustration. “Fuck, that kid’s got shadows in his eyes that I don’t think will ever leave, Steve. Thanks for letting him stay here.”
His beard scratching its hinge, Tony proceeds to press a kiss to the underside of Steve’s jaw, and it’s
All of Tony sinks, his hand drops from Steve like he’s not there, flinches away like he accidentally mistook a stranger for a friend.
“Technically, you didn’t ask,” Steve replies, flat, but the playful twitch at the corner of his mouth is easy to spot now that Tony is an expert on its evolution. He mozies over to a table buckling under crates of tomatoes and cucumbers in a strut.
“Hey, baby,” Tony greets with a beaming grin. He puts away his work and meets the two of them halfway. “He can’t sleep,” Tony divines.
“God yes. There you go, uh god, that’s it, feels amazing. Love how you feel inside me,” Tony murmurs, fucking himself on Steve’s fingers and seeking more, greedy for it. In the hitch of his leg over Steve’s midsection, the lock of his ankles, and the bow of his back bringing them chest to chest, he says it wordlessly.
is nearly out of Tony’s mouth but his tongue dries on the half-hearted apology at the sight of eyes stained with sky and sea, and the sun-colored fringe that falls in them before it’s finger-combed back.
“Come here. Up now,” Tony demands, greedy hands reaching down to Steve’s shoulders. Steve is helpful, rising smoothly to his feet and clicking their hips flush together with a grind. He bends his head down to suck on Tony’s tongue and the kiss quickly turns lush and deep, equal parts sweet and possessive. Tony runs his hands down Steve’s back until his fingers slide home to Steve’s ass, squeezing. “What can I do for you? What do you need?”
is on tip of Tony’s tongue but he just smiles back because no, Tony won’t be ruling Asgard in the near future but that’s alright. He’s got it pretty good here.
Tony should really no longer be surprised by how right Steve gets it. Even though he’s not really meant to add anything to this discussion he’s overhearing, he’s left speechless. He’s entirely overwhelmed by how much he loves this man. He loves them both so much it hurts, makes his eyes water.
, Tony whispers honeyed things down the length of Steve’s back and, akin to forget-me-nots, places kisses where the words leave off. Tony travels from the line of Steve’s shoulders to the taper of his waist, and he doesn’t stop. Tony uses his hands to hold up the bends of Steve’s hips and cinch him closer, to palm the swell of his ass.
why can’t Rogers just stay in one place? He sighs expel a bit of his frustration, unwrap it from his next words. “Alright, J. What’s the location you have on Rogers?”
“Super soldier serum,” Sam says simply again, and Tony is beginning to get that’s just the way he is, straight to the point and direct. “Stark, Bucky Barnes is the Winter Soldier.”
“What happened to not letting Tony know you want to be his boyfriend?” Sam asks bluntly when it’s his turn to spy. He lifts the lid of the dutch oven and takes a peek. “Sweet mother. This smells amazing. Is that rosemary?”
“Well, yeah, no. Definitely not. Have you seen him try to come up with the titles to movies that came out before 2007? Bands from before he was born? It's really, really sad.”
there in response to the hot and wet pressure that circles his hole, teasing with lazy flutters. It escalates to strong and flat laps, Tony laving thoroughly as Steve bucks back in tiny thrusts. Steve’s exposed hole clenches closed and open under the relentless flicks of tongue. And it feels amazing, the hot and wet feel of Tony inside of him, licking and fucking like he wants to carve out territory and mark Steve as his. The hell of it is that Steve so badly wants to be.
They’ve only been dating for six months—and before that they’d been on entirely different continents, worlds apart in every way—but the way Tony’s talking, it sounds like he’d do it in a heartbeat. Steve is stunned into monosyllables. “
“Well I don’t want that either,” Tony says without hesitation, reaching out. He traces the shell of Steve’s ear, paves to the corner of his mouth. “Like to keep you for myself, if it’s all the same to you. You thinking about keeping me?”
sleep,” Steve tells him with a sigh. “And I know it’s my turn, but I’ve gotta fly out to DC first thing tomorrow morning and I still have those reports on last week’s mission to put together and Peter keeps talking to me about bananas—”
When Tony pulls off, it’s to carefully push another cold cube in Steve’s clenching hole that flashes like a burn before smoothing in, helped along with slick and what’s already melting in Steve.
A deep groan erupts from Tony and the bed creaks when he gets back on and hurries behind Steve once more, molding to him with ease. He leans over Steve’s shoulder to kiss him hard and deep, and Steve can’t taste anything but the want that coats his mouth. Tony starts, “That image,” he reaches around and briefly tightens his hand on Steve’s cock that’s welling messily at the slit, has been smearing the bedsheets, “this is so, so much better, baby.”
About an hour in and away from most of the farm’s populace, Tony is watching Steve examine a warted pumpkin, searching for another contribution to their haul, which has now reached double digits, when he thinks to ask what Steve actually plans to do with all of them.
“Cool, right? So there’s no question who this belongs to,” Tony says. He gestures to himself with an air of exaggerated pride and straightens in the bucket seat. “And I’d just like for us to take a moment to acknowledge that I showed a lot of restraint here. That I’m a mature adult who chose not to display a bunch of filth and profanities on the placard.”
Even from watching Tony’s back, Steve can spot how his typically sharp and busy motions are sluggish. Steve has seen Tony make coffee plenty, more times than is sane most days—the coffee-making, not Steve watching—and not once has Tony ever almost dropped a mug when getting it out of the cupboard or needed to take several pokes at the coffee maker to get it brewing.
“How’s it go?” Steve starts with a bit of his coy grin in his own downy pillow. “Take a picture, it’ll last longer.”
“I don’t have proof. I should start by saying that,” Steve tells him, prudent with his tone. “However, I do have my intuition and my gut feeling says that it’s true. No matter how much I wish it weren’t. You remember what I told you about about Lehigh? When I went back?”
“Ugh, your rationality is showing, Rogers. But yeah, I guess that’s true enough. I’ll find a party or something, catch that zombie shark movie that just came out.”
“Last night was for you. Not for me. And I was too chickenshit. The first Christmas in recent memory where I didn't feel the need to stave off seasonal depression with a descent into gin felt like enough of a miracle,” Tony admits, cuffing Steve’s wrist and then slipping their hands together again. “And you are not allowed to judge me here, Mr. If-There’s-Ever-Anyone-Else-I’ll-Tell-You.”
Sighing and ignoring Tony’s scandalized yelp, Steve turns off the gurgling coffee maker. He switches on the kettle and searches for tea. He prefers strong and black but someone usually keeps a tin of green tea or spearmint. Lemongrass would be preferable, but that’s a longshot.
“Then tell me,” Tony encourages because the more he listens, the more he wants Steve to be free, whatever it takes. “Tell me, please.”
“We don’t have a second house. We don’t even have a first house.” Steve uses his chopsticks to move the rest of his dim sum to Tony’s plate because resistance is futile. Plus Tony’s always liked it more anyway and Steve is passed stuffed on sashimi and noodles. “The thing is, I didn’t know that was in the cards. That you’d considered it. Getting married.”
"Ten gray hairs, Steve. I feel them." Tony knocks his head into Steve’s warm chest and listens to the rapid heartbeat there. It's reassuring. He breathes in the comforting scent of Steve’s aftershave, akin to cloves. Tony resurfaces. "I motion we don’t invite the kid,” he says.
Steve eases away, resting his forehead at Tony’s temple and nuzzling under his ear. And even so close, Tony can’t quite believe what he hears.
“Bucky Barnes,” Sam discloses quietly, putting care into the name like it’s a secret. “You ever heard of the Winter Soldier?”
“If he can be reached and if he can be brought back, what good is it with you dead, huh?” Tony challenges. Steve is a brilliant tactician but when the situation is close, personal, he’s ridiculously short-sighted. He’s not looking far enough ahead. “Because that damage is irreversible, Steve. It’d break him completely, so, if not for your own sake, for his, you need to figure out a way to do this without a damn death wish.”
The ice slides in just as Tony’s mouth slides on him and sucks him down with lips pulled wide around him. Steve keens, twisting up onto his elbows like he’s been warped out of shape by the frisson of fire and ice. He shivers at picture Tony makes, his mouth full of Steve’s cock and ambitiously bobbing for more than half of it.
“God,” Tony moans like he’s just as lost. “Look at that. You’re so fucking wet, sweetheart. Can you come for me? I need to taste you. Can I taste you?”
“Are you sure? If someone’s bothering you—” Leaning over his shoulder, Dad peers at the screen and frowns deeply. “I have BDE? What’s BDE?”
“And you can fight with it now?” A blooming wonder invades Steve’s voice. He lets himself feel hopeful.
“Nope,” Steve agrees, passing over a blue book and a pen. He gets behind his computer, booting it up.
. Way too much. Steve squirrels away and apologizes. “You’re too close,” he explains with a rueful smile. He feels a little guilty but it’s better on the other side of the California King and, not for the first time, he’s glad for Tony’s opulent taste.
However, it becomes clear that Peter is way too interested right at this specific moment, with no signs of drowsiness, so Tony switches Peter to his other side, swipes away the projection, and changes tactics.
“What? But you could fix it faster than that. Did you ask if you could get a look at it?” Steve asks with slight desperation because Chicago’s heatwave is absolutely miserable and according to the local news, there’s not a break in sight. The thought of spending another hour boxed in their room with no relief makes his overheated skin itch. That or it’s the chemically treated sheets which are currently losing their staunch wrinkle-free press under the persistence of Steve’s sweat. The duvet is already puddled on the floor, shoved off the bed after Steve had flung away the pillows in annoyance.
Tony can feel the tension strung taut in Steve’s thighs, running one hand along the chords of muscle. To alleviate some of it, he swallows down half of Steve’s magnificent cock. Forseeing the arch of Steve’s back, he relaxes his jaw, opens the back of his throat, and flutters his tongue.
The music cuts off in the workshop, and Steve comes through the doors with sleepy-eyes—drooping into that weird blink he gets, right lid down, the left just behind—and Peter babbling non-stop in his arms. Steve’s nodding and commenting on everything Peter’s saying to him, attentive and considering as always. Something he and Tony have agreed on and made a priority from day one—before day one even, at the twinkle-in-the-eye stage—is listening to Peter.
“There we go,” Tony says when needy noises leave Steve’s parted mouth. He nips at it, licks his way in. “How ‘bout it, baby? Come for me.”
Tony watches in horror, feels like there’s oil, sick and heavy, in his stomach when a second bullet catches Rogers in the shoulder and knocks him sideways with its impact. He barely catches himself on the base of the catwalk he’s climbing, feet tripping on its ridges.
shootings—from YouTube. The next day had been awful. He and Steve had intended to be calm and collected but running on fumes and fear the situation rapidly devolved into anything but.
Tony rolls his eyes but two can play at that. He kneads the thick of Steve’s thighs and delights in the squawking gooselaugh before he stretches out with his head in Steve’s lap.
The drive back, a large coffee, and the last half of some B-rated action movie later, the tv is watching them more than they’re watching it. Asinine infomercials flip from bacon grease trappers to an anti-snore strap that reminds Tony of the traumatic year he spent in orthodontic headgear. With Peter on his lap, and sponsored by the dicey cocktail of espresso and fatigue, Tony creates limericks over his kid’s mop-top as the two of them tap away at the child-development game on Tony’s tablet.
And Tony won’t do him the disservice of questioning whether or not he’s sure. With his insides surely upended, Tony turns and nips Steve’s chin, collecting his mouth next. He likes how sweet and chaste this kiss is, soft with the warmth of home. He likes how the tender skip of Tony’s lips coaxes a pleased sound from Steve’s.
“The whole world will want a piece of him. The media could discover that he’s Spider-Man, put demands on him that he’s not ready for. When he became your intern, articles ran for nearly a week.”
his kid and you always will be. This hasn’t been easy for anyone but this isn’t something that he ever wanted for you or would have wished for you. And that’s because he loves you.” Tony recognizes the scrape of an island stool on the hard floor. “Hey, hey. Peter, we are incredibly proud of you for wanting to help others and that your instinct when you got these powers was to protect people. We love how good you are. We’re so proud of the person you’re becoming. That’s something we never want you to doubt. We respect you and what this means to you. It’s just not gonna happen overnight. We could use some understanding, too.”
“Tony, the point is that you’re my student and it should have never happened. It was a breach of trust and a failure of my being your educator.”
but stops paying it any mind once Tony pilfers two bites of the microwave pancakes that Peter loves from off his plate, wrestling his fork back. The joking smile on his face is everything to Tony. “Whoa, whoa, whoa. Let me just stop you there, Dad.”
That is until the professor walks through the door—broad shoulders stressing out the navy knit of a cardigan and cambridge blue eyes sweeping the room behind thick black frames—and suddenly Tony is here for all of the fucks. He scrambles out of the back row and slinks down closer, already planning to arrive early on Thursday morning and grab a seat front and center because god, Dr. Rogers is gorgeous. And he’s so smart, so versed in verse, that Tony doesn’t stand a chance. Fully engaged, he fixates on a generous mouth that navigates Proust’s ekphrastic lines and Brooks' complex narrative with impressive ease. He can’t lose sight of pale, deft hands that gesture on transitive verbs, an ink-stained thumb edging underneath Tony’s ribcage with an affection that can only be called dangerous.
Apparently, Steve’s lust-addled brain is unable to manage much beyond that. Preoccupied with latching his mouth to the underside of Tony’s jaw, he forgets the count of steps to the bed’s frame and the mattress takes out the back of his legs, its springs whining under the abrupt ambush. Books, art supplies, and knick-knacks that still have to be put away in boxes poke into his back and with a frustrated grunt, Steve twists up and reaches behind himself to shove them to the floor.
“It’s not a matter of wanting it, Tony. That part’s simple.” Steve turns his coffee mug between his hands and finds resolve in its dregs before holding Tony’s gaze. “What kind of life would we be giving him? We put ourselves at risk constantly. Anything could happen to us and he’d have to go through hell all over again. It wouldn’t be fair. It’d be so goddamn unfair to him. He’s already buried his parents as many times as we have. He should have folks who work normal jobs and don’t get shot at on a regular basis.”
The hand not locked with Steve’s wanders sweat-slicked skin and touches where they’re joined. The skid of Tony’s blunt nail startles Steve into another orgasm, stuttering hips and curses. Steve flies apart and the kiss he lays over Tony’s sternum takes Tony with him.
Tony curses because he’s falling for a dork who parks his car illegally and names his dogs after Tolkien characters. “How the hell am I supposed to—”
"Your room," Steve decides, undoing the Tony’s shirt and sucking almost-bruises above his collarbone. "I want to get a look at your Hartley."
“You and I will have have an easier go of putting this search together, as well. Better communication. If we misunderstand each other’s emojis, we can discuss it at breakfast. Not that you’ll ever really find me at breakfast. If you ever do, something is
“Electromagnetic panels,” Tony informs him. He grabs the mock-up of said devices out of the projection and plants them on the vambrace. “And considering your proclivity for playing frisbee with the bad guys and the exponential rate at which magnetic force decreases over distance, they’ll be powered by an arc reactor.”
There’s always a fight and being a soldier is what Steve’s good at. It’s what he does and there’s nothing that he’s better at.
Steve also knows a labor of love when he sees it. This isn’t the typical Tony-present. Attention and consideration have gone into this. Not that the tailored suits, watches, canvases, gadgets, or any other unapologetically extravagant gift that Tony has ever given him were thoughtless. No, of course not. But this car, this particular project, took precious time. That much is evident. The kind of time that Tony only spends on what truly matters to him. Like a jigsaw puzzle, the last several months--all of the rushed explanations for late nights, early mornings, sporadic Stark Industries commitments, and the grease that cuffed his wrists more often than usual--click together and finally make sense.
Recklessly and going full-crater under the October sun, Tony confesses, “I thought that this was a date.”
A throat clears from the outside of the room before he can finish. Steve doesn’t know who it is. Frankly, he doesn’t care. He can only see Tony because time isn’t about seeking more, it’s about what he has right now in his hands and doing something with it. He won’t break away until the very second that he has to.
Central air is a miracle, and Steve can’t wait to get back home, where everything reliably runs on reactor technology, and to walk barefooted on the cool floors of the tower. He and Tony did have plans to tour the city, check out Navy Pier and the Chicago Art Institute--because Steve’s never been and he’s finally got cleared time in his schedule--but those plans have been patently thwarted. He has to get through this hour, Tony’s trade expo tomorrow, and then they’ll be on a flight to New York where global warming is definitely still a thing but not so bad that he could fry an egg over-medium on asphalt. Well, he doesn’t think so, at least. He hasn’t ever
And he does. Once they get more than a dozen pumpkins loaded into the bed of Steve’s truck, the two of them get hopped up on sugar from apple cider donuts, kiss the salty-sweet of kettle corn off pliable mouths with knees brushing knees underneath a picnic table. For a show, Steve takes Tony by the hand to the other side of the farm and skids to a happy halt at the petting zoo. Steve plays a far-fetched game of six degrees of separation: Cirque du Soleil to circus to zoo animals to petting zoo.
Tony hums in contemplation. “Well, I did have a few half-baked ideas about cocooning in bed all day, Steve.”
Steve presses his body flush to Tony’s, and, after a short introduction of hip to hip and chest to chest, he actually sweeps Tony off of his feet, walks them over to the workbench. He notches his thigh in the vee of Tony’s legs, and Tony grinds into it with enthusiasm, chases after it like it’s his first touch of someone else. With an appreciative moan, he pushes himself into Steve’s hands that grip at his middle and then rove up his sides. “Fuck yes,” Tony breathes.
Steve can’t decide whether or not it’s for the best but it’s sustainable for now. If their history is anything to be informed by, attempts at constructive dialogue have a tendency to bring them three steps back. That’s not something they can afford any longer so Steve hems in practiced apologies and declarations and pretends it isn’t cowardice.
he’s adapting to. Petrified to crash-land them both into a crater of embarrassment, he’s refrained from asking Steve to define this little outing. His fingers itching to text Steve all last night and this morning, Tony just managed to keep conversation neutral for a hour and a half down the freeway and through illustrative backroads. But now that they’re here, on a farm, driving two wheelbarrows through an actual pumpkin patch, and zigzagging through scatterings of people and kids whose parents can barely keep them corralled. Tony is wondering if this
Blinking up with what he hopes is sweat in his eyes, Steve says, “I don’t think that I could have ever dreamed you.”
His breath hitches when their gazes catch. Steve is looking up him, filled with Tony’s cock, and his apparent satisfaction with that crowds out the blue of his eyes. The sight hits Tony with an urgent ache, low and insistent, ushering out a bedrock-conceived groan.
“Nope, turns out that you’re just not as stubborn as I pegged you for,” Sam clarifies with a laugh. “That or you’re deeper in love with Steve Rogers than I thought.”
“Some things don’t ever change.” There isn’t a word for the gaze Tony rolls over him; it’s bigger than fascination and softer than fondness. Steve doesn’t understand what he means, but Tony nods so Steve follows through, his fingers walking the scar gently and wishing he could thumb through the story rooted beneath it.
“I’m not leaving you,” Tony whispers vehemently. He brushes promises against Steve’s hot cheeks and eyelids. “Not if I can ever help it. Do you understand me?”
Eyes identical to his own are bright and brilliant, his mini chatterbox talking a mile a minute and Tony remembers the worst night of his life. He remembers uploading JARVIS to the Mark XLVI in his workshop at the tower and coming across an encryption in the lines of code by pure happenstance since the configuration is routine and hardly warrants that much of Tony’s attention. A thirty-seven minute long decryption had led to video. It was hours of Peter sneaking,
Seeing bits of carrots and celery floating in the broth, and getting a kick out of that, Steve asks curiously. “Did you finish this?”
“Please,” Steve begs. He won’t come but he wants to be close, to the edge, to Tony. He wants to ache, and watching Tony fall to pieces will be more than good enough.
They’re in the workshop. Steve’s on the couch sketching, and Tony’s shifting through schematic projections of Steve’s shield because there’s a side project germinating in Tony’s mind and Steve will be needing an upgrade if it actually comes to fruition.
Steve silently wonders how many fault lines his heart can withstand. He breathes, the release a physical ache. He’s painfully lost on how to make this okay, how to make Tony understand. “I would never, Tony. That’s not real because I couldn’t ever do that to you.”
An intern in R&D has a sister who’s got some sculptures being hosted at a Caribbean art gallery in Brooklyn and Steve was thrilled when Tony mentioned it in passing, so they go there, an elegant loft space pinched in a row of historic buildings with exposed brick and a sequence of pendant lights stretching its interior.
“When I first met Sam and he caught me up on everything that happened to you here, I didn’t envy you at all. Having to choose between your best friend and saving millions of lives. I mean, I knew what you’d do. It’d be hard for you but the choice was obvious. Because you’re you and if you actually had a cape, the cape would never come off. You’d wear the cape in the fucking shower. Which is one of the many things that I love about you.”
Stomach tight, Tony rakes his fingers Steve’s soaked hair. The pad of his thumb runs over the shape of Steve's thick brow, strokes the delicate shell of his ear, and then the slash of his cheekbone. Fondly, Tony remarks, “You say that like there’s a chance it’d be anything but.”
He surges up and touches his lips to Steve’s, coaxes him into a kiss that tastes like relief. It’s sweet and chaste and sends a severe shiver up Tony’s spine. The chill causes him to pitch forward into a curl, into Steve and seek out his warmth, press into the rasp of his beard and nip at his lush bottom lip. Tony licks into Steve’s gasp and delights in the wet heat of his mouth. The trace of his tongue makes Tony think of poetry, covers him in lines that he’s been pouring over night after night for weeks now, makes him think about occupying this space forever, and it has him aching because so few things in his life, if anything, have ever felt this right.
“Take it from a spy, the worst way to convince someone you’re fine is to say you’re fine. You’re living in New York now,” she states quietly, not like she’s maneuvering around a landmine but rather a graceful glide just over it, like she could walk on water if she were so inclined, “and Pepper’s still in California. I read that she’s spearheading the clean energy initiative there. I am sorry, Tony. I wish that it had worked out for you both.”
“No, I’ll wait up for you.” Tony scuffs his thumb to Steve’s cheek, memorizing, and like bookmarking a moment to return to, Steve kisses him again.
Eventually, the limericks spin into a sprawling tale, and Tony’s covering a particularly maudlin episode about an ironic epithet for his tombstone when a long yawn interrupts him. Panda-like, Peter is rubbing at one eye with a tiny fist.
“He’s not the only one,” Rhodey says, not unkindly and with understanding eyes. “And Tony? You and Steve Rogers? It’s not a bad idea. Your involvement in a relationship, a team, or whatever else, doesn’t inherently make it a bad idea.”
Sam rolls his eyes and pops a squat beside him. “Now that I could have definitely made some money on.”
Tony’s brain sifts through what he knows about Barnes, but it’s honestly not that much. Practically everything he knows is what’s already on public record. Everyone who cares knows that Barnes was Rogers’ best friend, that the two grew up thick as thieves in Brooklyn and served together after Rogers received the serum. At one point he had defied orders, liberating Barnes and other prisoners of war from a Hydra base. Over the years, through documentaries and autobiographies, some anecdotes have come out about their friendship: war stories, laughs in the rare lapses of silence between gunfire. Tony even heard a story or two from Peggy. He remembers the sweet curl of her tone, warm and reflective, as she recalled Barnes flirting with her at a bar in London and inevitably failing because she’d only had eyes for Rogers.
What’s left of the team and new heroes reassemble in New York. His old room—four walls that have watched his back arch on high whines, short grunts, and a shaken name he sometimes can’t bite back—lends him no favors. The deeply dug moans only succeed in exhuming ghosts and suffocating the room with them.
“JARVIS, you do your namesake proud,” Tony says, with some vigor. “Okay scratch the last search and switch to keywords: Carter, director, Howard, Stark, accident. Eliminate whatever comes up prior to 1991.”
“Steve,” Tony exhales. He travels his hand up Steve’s arm, skims his neck, and touches his face. “That’s sweet of you. I love you for it. You're a good man. However, it’ll be fine. I promise you. He once referred to our relationship as goals.” Steve’s confusion must knit on his face because while moving his foot up the back of Steve’s calf, Tony helpfully tacks on, “It’s basically the biggest seal of approval that you can get from today’s youth.”
Steve hums in consideration. “FRIDAY, record the following: To whomever it may concern, I regret to inform you that Mr. Stark cannot make it to your scheduled appointment due to an unexpected emergency. He apologizes for any inconvenience and will reach out as soon as possible to reschedule. Best regards, Captain America.”
In a dance of scuffing feet—toes tripping over toes—and glancing shins, they tip onto the bed again. Nimble, practice-perfected and,
“Longfellow is great for what he was but what he was, for the most part, is conventional.” Tony hitches his elbow onto the armrest, thrilled by how the bright autumn sun emphasizes the glint in those impossible eyes. “His writing examined the socio-political climate of his time and that’s definitely admirable but he didn’t take risks elsewhere. He was a fireside poet and reads like a fossil because of that.”
Steve’s hands move from his wrists and Tony mourns the loss until they loop around his middle, drawing him near. Tony abandons boundaries that three years of pining have instilled in him and rolls his fists into Steve’s hoodie, warmth spreading through the knuckles when they bunch and bury in the cushiony cotton.
“You’re going to come for me.” A bite grazes his shoulder and sends a spike through him, vibrates every nerve ending that he has. Humid and fevered, Tony says, “You’re almost there, baby. You can do it. Let yourself go. Come for me. Now, baby, just come.”
say it, have his neuroses try to parse out whether or not she means it. Tony doesn’t know what she and Rogers were up to when the Malibu mansion was getting blown to hell. But it doesn’t matter; they had no obligation to show up and fix his self-inflicted screwups. “It’s fine. I’m fine.”
“And what if I decide to give you grandchildren?” Peter tosses back because this wouldn’t be complete if smartassery didn’t find its way in.
Laughing and marginally calmed by Tony’s rambling, Steve says, “Well I hope that you’re not really expecting me to take the lead here, Stark.”
Tony rolls his eyes with his fingers twined in Steve’s. Smiling, he comments, “Not really how that works.”
“Alright. We’ll start in the morning, pull intel and contact everyone. Ugh, if we can reach everyone.”
The confusion resting on his brow is one of the better outcomes Tony had predicted so he trucks on, fast. “I mean, if you wanted, I’d fly it here personally, but I’m thinking of it more as an incentive for you to leave DC,” he elaborates. “Look, your old apartment is no good, with the bullet holes and whatnot, and it’s not like you’re still an operative. There’s room, a whole floor, for you at the tower. Totally rent-free, which is great because as previously mentioned, you’re unemployed. Also it’s been beautifully renovated since aliens rained down from the skies. And let’s be real, I’m willing to bet SHIELD didn’t provide you with a private state of the art gym.”
They’re both lonely and it’s been a long time, so Steve doesn’t fault her the night that she hides a name that isn’t his under her breath while riding him. With her mouth bent in hunger, she chases wildly after something she sees beyond Steve.
“I’m not supposed to tell you, but the feeling is mutual,” Steve says. The corner of his mouth upticks and he continues, wistful, “I’m glad that the two of you get along.”
Tony fucks him hard, and it inches him right back to the headboard as their obscene sounds echo off the walls. Steve’s body rings with a purpose that’s been absent for weeks, years, and when Tony groans, like it’s doing the same for him, Steve can’t help how his heart hums with an affection that could double as a hagiography.
Steve hums again. He presses a kiss to Tony’s shoulder and trails a few a short distance down his arm, his hand moving to Tony’s flank and over his hip.
“Steve, Steve, Steve,” he’s saying, and Steve can feel his face crumple because there’s the hard luck he’s had all his life and then there’s
“You’re right.” Steve yields. Reluctantly. There’s a good chance he’ll need more convincing in the near future but Tony’s up to the task.
“I think—” The deep breath he takes under Tony’s hand rolls back out hard. “I have reason to believe that Bucky killed your parents.”
“Yeah, but you made this for me and I’d like to eat it with you,” Tony says, a lovely smile spilling over his face, and yeah, that’s pretty contagious. “I mean, it’s your mom’s recipe.”
Steve used to flood the margins of Tony’s essays with roses-to-thorns commentary: from his appreciation of Tony’s unorthodox theses and take on imagery to reminding Tony to watch his spelling and the liberal use of commas, and
The world has come a long way from cold and grippe tablets and selling cigarettes to remedy an ailment of the lung. It’s wonderful. However, the depth of the flu aisle in the pharmacy is substantial, overwhelmingly so, and Steve is half-convinced he needs to return to the front and trade his basket for a full-on cart. Box after bottle after box claims to be the best, so that much hasn’t changed, but Steve hasn’t actually been sick since 1943 and missed nearly seventy years of modern medicine, so he doesn’t know which to trust. Tony’s cough earlier had sounded wet but what if turns into a dry one? What effect would the cough syrup have then? What if it’s more harm than help?
Tony rubs his eyes because he doesn’t want to talk about this but it looks like it can’t be avoided. “I was getting out of the way, Steve. You’ve just always struck me as a one person at a time type.”
They go again once more; it’s languid and hushed. Steve drifts into sleep with his head tucked under Tony’s chin before he knows it. Later in the twilight, when he feels Tony jostle next to him and leave his side with a quiet kiss to his forehead—
“That’s spy tip number two. No more freebies,” she says. She presses a kiss to his cheek, squeezing his shoulder, and juts her chin toward Rogers. “Hey, take care of him for me, will you? He won’t do it himself, and I trust you to keep him safe.”
He swallows but the everything still comes out unchewed and dense. He’s never allowed himself to practice, to hope that he’d get to say this, especially not in the past twenty-three days. “When I prayed to see you again, if by some miracle I ever did, I said I’d take you however I could get you. I’d take your anger and your hate. If you never spoke to me again, I’d take your silence. I’d take every fight with you and never grow tired of them. But you’re right. I’m a liar. Because I’m tired already. I’m exhausted. I’m sitting here and a fight with you is so far from what I want, Tony. It doesn’t make sense to be fighting you here and going to a fight up there.”
Cap barks out a laugh, enjoying this way too much and nowhere near suitably horrified. “I married a lunatic,” he says and seems gleeful about it.
, endlessly attractive, Tony lands in a line that fits right at Steve’s side. His kisses are fixed on the thin border of too hot against Steve’s neck and the galloping pulse there but they don’t linger for too long. Like Tony’s fingers that are canvasing the expanse of Steve’s flank, they’re fleeting and ever-eager for whatever inch they come across next.
“Perfect,” Steve says before he’s latching his way from collarbone to navel with the sharpness of canines. He pushes everything between them aside on his venture down, makes an impatient grump when one of the sheets get caught behind Tony’s knee.
Groaning, Tony remarks, “I truly can’t decipher whether that’s blind loyalty talking or just your gigantic-ass ego. And that’s a reprimand coming from me, Cap.” Decisively, he leans in and meets Steve’s eyes. “I saw the video. Barnes wasn’t pulling any punches. All jokes aside, the only reason you’re alive is because of that serum.”
“You don’t have to worry about that, since you’re not going,” Steve says mildly. He plucks out a spearmint tea bag and drops it into the mug. It’ll do for now. He can pick up lemongrass and actual lemons later at the market. Shrugging, he says, “It can wait, and if it can’t, someone else will go. You really shouldn’t even be out of bed.”
The tang of sex hangs heavy in the room and in between Steve’s thighs is a mess of sweat, lube, and Tony’s spunk, his own stiff cock.
Sam laughs and claps him on the shoulder. “Hate to break it to you, Steve, but they sell this in cans, even in tubs. Like millions of them. And this”--he gestures to the stove, the cutting board, and the stretch of countertop that’s dusted with flour--“is obviously a delicious, painstaking, homemade declaration of love. It’s the culinary variation of holding up a boombox outside his window. It’s bold, man.”
“Oh God, Tony,” Steve groans, bunching the bedsheets at his sides with fingers that may as well be frictionless.
“You appeared to be having a good time. She looked...swell. That's your type, right? Not too mention she’s beautiful. So why not?”
In the forever-stretch of a second that it takes for Tony to respond, Steve sees alternate universes of how his confession is received, each one progressively pear-shaped and awful. He can’t imagine the wonder that comes over Tony’s face but it’s there. Steve tracks every detail of it. The wordless, soft open of Tony’s mouth and the twisting ticks around it, the wince of his eyes and how it spikes his lashes with tears.
Barely there through the aftershocks, he threads his fingers through Tony’s--slick and warm--and squeezes with oversensitized thighs, signals for him to keep going. Tony ruts in short thrusts between his legs and makes noises that sound agonized. He sounds lost in the wings of Steve’s shoulder blades when he comes on a hoarse sob.
“We stayed through your name being called?” Steve offers in apology with a sheepish wince. “It was a big induction class, Pete.”
Peter drops into the chair across from Steve, rubbing the corners of the book with his thumbs. He stutters, his response wobbling unevenly, “Today’s just—usually, I’m okay. It’s not as bad as it was. It’s been okay but today, um.” Glassy-eyed and face crumpling into a map of anguish, he takes a rattling deep breath that turns Steve’s heart to pulp. “I don’t know
“Really? Because I think two minutes ago would disagree with you.” He searches Steve’s eyes. “Do you not want this?”
"Don't forget your hat. It's supposed to snow later," Tony replies and Steve can see him judging the angles of what to say next and feeling his way forward. “Pete. Hey, you can invite her over anytime. If you ever want to do dinner here. Not saying that you have to but that’s alright with Steve and I. Whenever you want. This is your ho—,” Tony shifts gears, clearing his throat, “She or any of your friends are always welcome here, alright? Same as you are.”
back? Is that some sick joke?” Tony snorts. He pulls on Steve’s other arm until it’s fully extended and wiggles it demonstrably. “Says the guy that’s practically made out of slinkies. I’ve been pretty much fucking Stretch Armstrong for five years.”
Not that he’d needed it—and Steve is purely kinetic even when he’s curbing his speed—but Tony gave him a three-second head start before bolting from the kitchen table and chasing him to the elevator and telling JARVIS to stop it between floors. He’d forgotten about the Triskelion for a whole
“Of course.” Joking, to relax the tension in Tony a fraction at least, Steve adds lightly, “It is your tower.”
Steve tugs at cuffs that are flawlessly tailored. “Well that’s nice of you to say but I feel like a monkey in a suit. I thought you’d never show up. Where have you been?”
The expression that animates Tony’s face immediately tells Steve he won’t like what's coming next. “I kind of have a history with this hotel, and maintenance doesn’t really trust me around their toys,” Tony says.
“Do you have a preference?” Tony asks, holding up his box of condoms and shaking them. And even when you’re Tony Stark, this part is never not awkward. “Um, last I got tested, I didn’t have anything and everything since then has been wrapped up, so. I know that some don’t like mess and I know that you’re like a Fort Knox to—know what? I’m gonna stop right there.”
Steve’s heart is sore in his chest, and hope is hesitant to trudge through. Fearful that his words could turn the two of them foul once more, Steve drags Tony into a hard kiss that distracts him from the handjob, and lasts all the way to the center of his bed where their hips click together and move with impatient thrusts. Their hands skid without brakes over skin, sinew and juts of bone, like they’ll never see this opportunity again, and the thought makes Steve’s breath catch and knot. He white-knuckles the cords of Tony’s arms, desperate for something to steady him as his air comes out short, shallow, and panicked.
“—and I really, really want him to be. He’s, wow, he’s something else and sometimes I just go on the fritz just talking to him because I either can’t say anything at all or want to say everything.”
“Okay, let’s be real, I’m not that set on breakfast with the mayor,” Tony concedes after a moment. He sniffles and wipes at his nose with the cuff of his jacket. Mentally, Steve adds another box of tissues to his shopping list because that thing is running like a broken faucet. “I do have an appointment with R&D, however, and I’ve used the sick excuse. Twice. I’m literally the only one who can handle that.”
Carol didn’t comment on the change of subject, knowing that the man needed to focus on something other than his distress. It would only send him into a panic attack which would lead the soldiers into coddling Tony and possibly throwing his mentality further into the recess of confusion.
“What happened?” Tony groaned, hugging Peter to his chest as he faced the blond soldier. A part of him wanted the man’s large arms to wrap around him, but another part recoiled at the thought of it.
“Please, let go,” Tony didn’t like that his voice wobbled as he spoke. Bucky was closer, almost at the two, one hand stretched out to grab onto the suit. If he got a hold of the genius, his escape was out the window, no matter how strong the suit was. Two super soldiers would most definitively managed to pull him back into the building.
“We have to go!” Peter cried, not even waiting to see if his attack had done any damage or slowed the group down. He just grabbed Tony’s arm and started to run like hell, knowing that the only thing the craft was waiting on was the two of them.
Immediately, another dark blush washed over Peter’s face. Tony couldn’t stop the smug smile on his face as he stood and pivoted on the spot, moving towards the hallway. “Now, don’t do anything I wouldn’t do!”
Some of it was updated, others had new upgrades that were completely unnecessary but would likely be deemed “cool” by Clint.
Tony had frozen at the confession from the brunette, unable to process what had been said. Had they gone out and found his family? Had Jarvis truly allowed someone to get captured when it had been his creators last request to prevent it from happening?
Tony looked between the two, and instead of focusing on the medicine or the tray that was still covered, releasing a gentle warmth into his lap that he appreciated, he asked. “The girl?”
Steve leaned forward so that he was partially covering the genius with his body, tongue seeking out Tony’s as he completely took over the action.
After a moment of hesitation he found that he had complete control of his body and took a step forward, trying to figure out where he was. As he moved, a single tree came into view.
He felt like the Captain America that Tony had gotten to know before everything went to hell. The one that Howard had been obsessed with, the one that had gained America’s trust and love. It was strange.
Tony doesn’t know who gives in first but it hardly matters because once it happens, he discovers that Steve tastes like sunshine ought to. The kiss begins slowly, if a little awkwardly, learning how the other works but once they get it, they
“More than. It’s just—” Steve can’t describe the sensory overload, how he revels in the agonizing brilliance of it. He holds Tony’s gaze. There’s only one relentless thought to get across. “Keep going. Please.”
. So softly that Steve thinks maybe he isn’t meant to hear it, Tony adds, “I could have used you in junior high.”
A gaggle across the street rips through the new silence and awkwardly Steve asks, “So do you come here often?”
“It doesn’t feel like it will,” Peter says, shaking his head. His dark curls hang in front of his eyes, making him look young and utterly despondent. “I miss her every day.”
“What late notice? ‘S not like I was planning on a rager from the garage to the penthouse. Mi casa es su casa,” Tony sing-songs, wiping off his greased fingers in a rag. He doesn’t think it’d go over well, mentioning that he and Sam have been texting since they left Washington. That it was his idea for Sam to come to New York. Instead, Tony makes grabby hands at Steve’s candy.
“There haven’t been any sightings of him, Steve,” Tony says, and he doesn’t know how to make it sound like he’s sorry about that, considering how things tend to play out when Steve and Barnes find each other post-big freeze. Tony continues, “I’ve been on it and combing through Natasha’s file dump. There aren’t any leads so far.”
“Fuck,” Steve says, shuddering in response, and coming warm and wet over Tony’s fingers. Distantly, he feels it spatter on his chest and paint the tops of his thighs.
In what can only be explained as a complete descent into denial with the expulsion of all rational thought quick on its heels, Steve bolts.
“Gross,” Peter comments. After a moment, he’s wearing a sour frown. “Oh ew. Seriously? That’s where you guys were during my national honors ceremony? Cap?”
Eyebrows hiked in bewilderment, Dad asks, “Why didn’t you just say that? Communication is key, Peter.”
Tony and Peter in the workshop is fast becoming a familiar scene but even so, the familiarity doesn’t blunt the effect the two of them together has on Steve, the sharp and nearly overwhelming fondness. Through the plate glass, he watches them tinker around for a self-indulgent string of minutes. They’re animatedly making gestures at a projected interface when Steve makes his presence known, rapping against the glass.
.” It’s rapt, as though Steve has done something profound. Tony skims the ice down and blows the trail left in its wake, gets Steve squirming. “Love how sensitive you are, sweetheart. It’s so fucking beautiful. Fuck, I can’t believe that you’re letting me do this. You’re so good to me. Want to rub off just looking at you.”
“Tony, I know you don’t want to do this again, and I’m sorry,” Rhodey says quietly, and Tony is mentally convincing himself not to get in a suit and fly off halfway around the world. “You have to tell him, though. You know that.”
“Rhodey, Rhodes, this isn’t a crush,” Tony says significantly, hopes that Rhodey gets it because Tony doesn’t know how to encapsulate these last few weeks, these last few days, and put them into words. How to simplify an immensity that’s deep and leaves Tony wading through the residue of a design that was shaped years ago in the midst of chaos. What Tony had mistaken for the clash of conflicting personalities had instead been two sources of energy so like each other, that burned so hot, they were always going to ignite at the start. That once they let this breathe, it’d forge into something like a new element, easy to read—easy everything—once it had a composite and fully-realized structure.
“I know. However, I also now know that you had no intention of actually modifying his suit with repulsors.”
“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. That I never understood. I wish I’d known.” He wishes Tony had felt he could talk to him, that they’d trusted each other more. They’re both guilty of leaving things unsaid. Steve thinks it’s time to stop hoping that actions will simply speak for themselves. “But Tony, I’m not here for your permission,” Steve tells him, aiming for a steel-draped kindness. “And I really don’t want to fight with you over this. When I prayed—”
“No. Not all of them. Not even half, honestly. There’s just a lot to go through. Takes time,” Steve says. Gesturing out palm up, he adds on. “Funny enough, I actually just finished yours a little while ago. Very memorable.”
Tony fucks him on all fours until Steve can no longer hold himself up, and it’s enough. Getting to suck Tony off in the shower and still feel him in the back of his throat and in the soreness of his scalp during a debrief is plenty. Steve knows the shape of Tony’s lips when pants and trembles turn them pliant; he knows the smile slackened with pleasure that softens them even more when Tony’s body takes in Steve’s cock like another part of itself.
, two missions ago, a tank slipped out of your hand and took out a small grove,” Tony reminds him. “Plus it’s not so much that I’m rooting against you but that I am unequivocally cheering for me.”
Tony reads the assigned prompt, opens his blue exam book, presses down on the stapled spine and pens in absolute bullshit.
Handsome laugh lines crease the edges of Tony’s amused gaze. He balances on his elbow, and Steve is being pondered in the dim light—the curtains long since drawn over the windows to block out the sun. With a cluck of his tongue, Tony asks, “Did you intend to both frame that in the form of a question and drench it in pessimistic doubt?”
“I apologize, Sir,” JARVIS says, and Tony doesn’t get how people can ever ask if he’s a computer the first time they hear him. “Captain Rogers did acknowledge that he had no confirmation or evidence for his theory that the Winter Soldier was responsible for the passing of your parents. Perhaps Captain Rogers was incorrect in his conclusion?”
Tony nods without hesitation because it’s obviously important to her, and for some reason that he can’t quite find the roots of, it’s starting to feel important to him. He’s still here after all, paying for a hotel room he hasn’t slept in and returning only to shower and get back to Rogers. He feels needed here. “And what’s next for you?”
The armor doesn’t work. Rhodey’s always had good judgement, and Tony isn’t too surprised with the sequence of events. Last, but certainly not least, Steve goes and is the one to lift the fucking hammer.
“If jizz gets on the upholstery, I’m not dealing with it,” Tony says. He grinds down, and the press of his hard cock smears pearling precome against Steve’s abdomen.
“Nope!” Tony hip-checks him away from the countertop when Steve reaches for a gingerbread but Steve’s got quick hands that seriously put Tony to shame. One curls into the hem of Tony’s shirt, tugging him back as the other sneak-thieves a cookie whose head is bigger than its body.
“What?” And the energy it takes for that simple question exhausts him, mines him out entirely and leaves him miserable. He can’t feel the seat underneath him but refuses Steve’s hands when they appear in his clouded vision. He shoves at them and stumbles onto his feet—away, away, away.
“The guy selling them had a ton. All of these flavors, some of them were kind of weird ” Steve says expressively. With a slight chuckle, “They had brown sugar bacon, though, and of course, that made me think of you.”
“Great. Okay. I’ll see you then,” Steve says with a smile that is completely unfair before he’s gone, leaving Tony stunned.
“Dammit,” Steve starts, woozy beats later, when Tony slinks back up to him. Steve gropes him, clumsily touches down his arms and his wrists in apology, unable to meet his gaze but wanting to stay connected because his hands feel wrong without Tony under them. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to do that.”
“Sorry, Cap. I can’t,” Peter replies, pausing in the demolishment of his second plate of food. His metabolism is off the charts now. “Ned’s got the Lego Death Star and he’s been wanting to build it forever. It’s probably going to take all day really.”
Christmas Eve is Tony tucking the card he'd written into the back pocket of his pants because he can’t stand to ruin the moment.
Licensing his hands to the length of Tony’s thighs, they run up and back and up again. Steve rhapsodizes, “You’re so--oh God, Tony. So damn beautiful. Best thing I’ve ever seen.”
“Yeah, he does that,” Tony says, turning on his heel with a smile that feels tight and hasn't been easy in days.
nice car but seeing as how you stocked a thing of lube in the glove compartment, I think you can afford to share some of the accountability since you knew this was bound to happen.”
It’s something Tony is still trying to get used to, these Saturday mornings—the hushed, sunlit, and alarm-smothered variety. There’s nowhere to be and nothing to do. The only thing Tony feels obligated to is the spell of their room, a quiet that he is in no hurry to disrupt and have vapor away, breathing deep and keeping still as he indulges in the pleasing sight of a sleeping Steve. What’s not hidden under the duvet is washed in pink and yellow hues, naked and tremendous. Tony’s fingers itch to touch, to travel the length of the arm that stretches between them and ends with knuckles loosely fisted beneath Tony’s pillow because no matter the distance the night makes, they don’t ever become untethered.
“No worries,” Steve says, kissing Tony’s forehead like it’s already a habit. “We’ll finish our date first. I can make this a date. I owe you dinner. Lunch? And a show?”
“Alert the eleven o'clock news. That’s me in general, babe,” Tony quips, playfully pushing back into the open curve of Steve’s front and the thickening hardness there. They’d crashed in Steve’s bed which is a couple sizes smaller than Tony’s, so it’s easy to get close. Aches from yesterday’s fight in Midtown are wrapped over with new ones from the night before's two breathless fucks but Tony can get up for another go.
Tony had made a semi-kinda promise the day before so fair enough. “Sorry about that. You were already passed out when I came to bed. Pete helped out in the shop, got to talking.”
“It’s the assignment I look forward to most each semester. When students allow themselves to write with less guarded affection and admiration. You were no exception to that and, well, your essay taught me a great deal about you. You did wonderful.” There’s a nervous stutter in Steve’s smile, shy almost. The long fan of his lashes heavy and then lifting up slow. “You always do.”
And Steve has to be stunned because he doesn’t even chide Peter for the expletive. His mouth form words that make no sound until after a couple tries. “Did—did you just propose?”
“Psh. Kids are so fickle these days. Here gimme.” Tony takes Peter, who barnacles to him once Steve passes him over. He and his tugboat-patterned sleeper smell like baby powder and the plant-based laundry detergent Steve prefers, soft with chamomile. Underneath, is a scent that doesn’t have a name aside from Peter. It has Tony‘s heart flooding with warmth when he takes an indulgent moment to nuzzle and breath him in. “Okay, let’s give Cappa a break, huh?”
“How could I, right? God, in the middle of a pumpkin patch is not how I pictured this happening,” Tony says. “It’s ridiculous and you didn’t really give me any reason to believe this is a date. I want to blame it on Lang but I can’t even do that because I think that I was wishing a little too hard. Look, if it makes you uncomfortable—”
Steve’s eyes are heavy-lidded when Tony speaks again, forcing him to fully lever them back open. “There was a thought I had on the way up back here, a way to cool off, if you’re interested, but—”
“Sam was here earlier. He had to head over to the VA for a little while,” Tony tells him, and it's not unlike an apology. “He’ll be back.”
“Because Bruce says that you’ve been up watching tv every night for the last three days and whenever I knocked on your room door, you weren't there. I went down to the shop yesterday when you were out with Rhodey and your afghan hasn’t moved from where it was the last time I was down there. Which was last weekend.”
“Yeah, okay, I guess that makes sense,” Peter says with grudging acceptance. “I just want to be like you guys and it sucks seeing you both out there doing amazing things while I’m still using training wheels. I kind of feel like I’m going crazy. I want to do more and waiting is literally the worst.”
“We have to continue under the assumption that Agent Romanoff is in close proximity to Captain Rogers. Unfortunately, she is not coming up on any systems,” JARVIS answers.
Christmas Eve is the communal floor festooned with everything from garland and tinsel to baubles. To Tony's abject horror, there are elves on shelves. Carols play in the elevator and somehow every room smells like spice or pine cones without a single candle in sight. There are actual stockings on the mantle and someone has been stringing pipe cleaners with tiny bells and wrapping them around doorknobs. Every time Tony clips one off, another appears. It’s worse than the glitter that’s going to to have to be professionally vacuumed out of the carpets.
"God, you have no idea how long I've wanted to do this," Tony says, recalling marble and hot July sun. He rakes his fingers through Steve’s hair. “Watching you appreciate art is a fucking tease.”
“Yes,” Steve tells Peter and it sounds like a promise. “Yes. Absolutely yes,” he says again to Tony and it sounds like he means forever.
“Who knew that a heatwave could make Steve Rogers so petulant?” There’s a brightness to Tony’s eyes, like his brain is whirring behind them and hurriedly filing away this brand new piece of information. Tony leans into the space between him and Steve, filling the pocket with his crooked smile, and his body heat. It bleeds into the sheets. “Tell you what though, the more I learn about you, the more I like you.”
Jiminy, Steve will never be as suave as all that but he laps at his lips and remarks, “I’ll be miffed if you don’t.”
Satellite footage pops up before Tony’s eyes and shows the ships hovering almost three-thousand feet in the sky just outside of the Triskelion, cannons engaged.
“Keep on, Stark, and I’m leaving my office door open,” Sam threatens, giving him the stink eye until Tony puts his hands up in surrender.
Near enough to almost make up the entirety Tony’s vision, Steve nods with a smile so sweet and wide, Tony feels like his face has been shoved into Christmas lights. After a swift kiss, Steve goes to retrieve the lube and a condom--sets aside his card with a care that makes Tony feel swollen--before sitting up between Tony’s spread legs and yanking until Tony’s ass is snug with his pelvis, his knees clamped to Steve’s sides.
“Because you’re the best,” Steve says like it’s easy, which in turn makes everything incredibly complicated. Tony has to bite his lip to keep from saying something cretinous and dip his head because how else is he supposed to deal with that. Steve clears his throat before adding, “At least your Saturday is free now. You can’t be too upset about that, right?”
Strangely though, Tony is hesitant. His mouth forms words that need a few tries to take, and Steve doesn’t even need both of his hands to count how often that happens. Finally, Tony says, “Um, okay. Yeah. And it’s fine—you can say no if you change your mind. Feel free to push it right off the table. Like I said, it’s just a thought.”
“I don’t know how to,” Steve starts brokenly after a stretched ellipses. “Tony, I don’t want you to hate me.”
Tony gets off the bed, finds his discarded pants, and pulls the haphazardly folded envelope out. With a stammering heart, he knee-walks back across the mattress. He glues himself to Steve’s side where he's sat up and commandeers one of his hands. Tony hands the envelope over. “I heard somewhere that Christmas gifts can be a good stand-in for what you've kept wrapped all year. Would you believe it got lost in the mail?”
“Sorry,” stumbles out of the curve of the stranger’s sheepish smile that just about flips Tony’s heart inside-out.
Steve says duty-filled, content and neutral and selfless. Thinking of himself last, and Tony knows there's nothing he wouldn't do for him.
Tony snorts. “Well, as most would testify, I’m plenty stubborn, so it’s definitely not the first part.” He swallows, uncertain if this exchange means he’s welcomed or not. “Is he in?”
Theatrically because this wasn't going to happen without a little bit of a show, Tony drumrolls on the dashboard before Steve gets to strip off the covering and reveal the steering wheel. Laid in its center, like the car has its own arc reactor, is his shield, miniaturized and monochromatic. And there it is again, his love for Tony expanding to new edges, and it’s joined by a sharp shot of want, the potency so strong as it sparks under his skin that his grip on the wheel white-knuckles.
go away!” Tony snaps and he suddenly regrets this call. He breathes in through his nose and counts until his lungs no longer feel ironclad. “We’ll locate Bucky Barnes, drag him home from wherever he’s hiding, and then he and Steve can—”
They don’t speak on the past but maybe that’s how it’s meant to be, and Steve will gladly sacrifice being sated for this.
Steve nods and scrapes out, “Yes. I don’t have a choice.” To acknowledge one feels selfish. He can’t do that yet. Not until he’s done all that he can. “You should try and get some more sleep.”
Steve’s Ma passed away in 1936 but the feelings and images from that day aren’t difficult to conjure. He remembers how hollowed out he’d felt and yet packed to the seams with the devastation of being orphaned.
“Tony,” Steve breathes, warm and humid, desperately against the scar in the middle of Tony's chest. “God. I want this. I love you so much. I’ve wanted you, all of you, forever.”
Planting both hands on Steve’s shoulders, he lifts up and thrusts downward, begins to ride with a rhythm that starts at hastened and rough. And Steve meets his rhythm, fucking up into Tony and repeatedly burying himself in with hard, filthy slaps of sweat-covered skin, grunting with each one.
Tony groans, throwing an arm over his face. He uses his other hand to reach down and wrap punishingly tight around his erection, to stave off what will inevitably be combustion. “Dying here, babe.”
Briefly, Tony contemplates running away, but that’d be ridiculous because they drove over together in Tony’s car—ditching Captain America at the farmer’s market would probably get him skewered—and Steve isn’t, well, Steve can’t be serious.
“That’s fine.” Steve pointedly removes his sketchbook from his lap and tosses it onto the coffee table. “You can lie down and work. You’re best multitasker that I know.”
“Menace,” Tony hisses and it feels like all at once he’s hard, like he’s sixteen rather than forty-mumble. Although when he was sixteen he’s pretty sure his chest never constricted this tight at the picture of relatively chaste kisses being pressed to the inside of his thigh. Tony doesn’t know how Steve manages to encapture such tenderness and affection while also cupping, rolling, and squeezing Tony’s balls in his large palm, how he manages the adoration in his gaze as he’s flattening his tongue and lapping up the underside of Tony’s cock but he does and he does it very well. And it’s no contest; it’ll always be those soft touches that truly undo Tony.
