"Daddy!" Peter exclaimed, already forgetting about the bot.
"Why?" Peter asked innocently.
"JARVIS, please tell me Steve didn't leave." Tony mumbled, not a morning person at all.
"She pa... it was today. Three years ago. Today." Steve looked up to see Tony. "I just miss her so much." His words broke into sobs again.
Tony hummed in agreement.
"Yeah. He's met Dum-E. And he loved him. He said you would too. It's okay if you don't want to though."
"Get me a cup too while you're at it."
"Tony, tell me yourself what you think this was. Was it right? Did he deserve this?" Pepper looked at Tony, exhausted.
A while later, Steve came carrying Peter in his arms, Peter still sleepy. "Weren't you the one who worked all night? Or am I confusing the Rogers family now?" Tony said, as Steve sat Peter on counter. "I'll look after him. You promised pancakes, not me." Steve kissed his forehead affectionately and went to do as such. Tony looked at Peter and continued, "Huh? Am I confusing the Rogers with the other one? Did you work all night?"
It's not like he didn't want to go, it's just that his bed was insanely comfortable at the moment and just the very thought of moving felt like going against the forces of nature. One mustn't challenge nature. No, sir. Not at all.
Tony chuckled. "Y'know what? Two scoops sound just perfect. Wouldn't you say, Steve?"
One thing about Tony was that he knows when he has a good thing. He knows, he is fully and entirely well aware whenever a good thing is in his hands. Steve was a very good thing. Maybe,
three year old, might I add. Outrageous. Revolting. Absolutely nauseating."
"Good morning, sir. Mr Rogers is in the kitchen."
Steve had been long gone inside, when Happy had asked. "The tower, boss?"
So grateful for the comments and kudos. Thanks guys. I'm glad you're enjoying it. <3
Peter turned around, eyes wide in awe. "You did?"
"Oh, we so did!"
Steve looked at Tony's nose, sheepish. "Not when Peter's awake."
Tony looked at the man beside him, and he had a tiny, very minute voice in his head telling him
"Will I sleep here?"
When Steve got out, he gave the place around him a glance. His face turned sour, though he managed to conceal it. Too bad for him that Tony had already picked up on his displeasure. Tony wasn't sure why.
Steve looked alarmed. "Is that why you think I accepted your offer? Or is that why you're even here with us. We're not a charity case, Tony."
Tony shrugged. "That's probably Pepper's doing."
They pulled apart, laboriously panting. Steve looked at Tony's eyes. "You wanna finish the movie or...?"
They ate the cake once it was made, spent more time in the pool, lazed around on the lounge chairs, watched another movie as per the kid's liking. Good thing both the adults were huge Disney fans themselves, they would never object to watching The Jungle Book.
"Well, I though that you have been overworking yourself and you seemed really tired and stressed these days and I just wanted to get you away from the city and have you relax. I happened to have a vacation spot with my name on it so what's better than that? It's a weekend away from the stressful life of Manhattan. I could've taken you to my yacht but I didn't know if you got seasick."
"No, you can't. You're gonna bond. Talk to them. Ask them stuff. Interact. So the kids know who their Summer Santa is."
"Yeah." Steve breathed out, nodding.
"I help?" Peter was very eager.
All of a sudden, Peter sneezed loudly, making Tony look away from Steve's pink face. Steve, too, looked at Peter who stared at his father and then started laughing loudly. "I made a big sneeze!"
The door closed and Steve walked inside his building, when Tony rested back on his seat, still catching his breath, trying to get his heart to calm the fuck down. He had kissed a lot,
Steve looked at Tony, eyes full of warmth and affection. "Thanks, Tony. I mean it. And I'm still sorry about being a jerk before. Could I get another chance?"
, Tony thought to himself,
"Ha, ha. You think you are so funny."
"Thank you again, Tony. I'm sorry about putting this on your shoulders but if I had any other way-"
Steve inhaled, blinking. "Tony... Sweetheart, I... Yes." He nodded, a wide smile covering his face and sudden relief over Tony's. "Of course. Yes. Oh."
When he let Tony go, he said, "I gotta tell Peter. Ugh, I hate leaving him at nights."
"I've got plenty to give. And don't talk with your mouth full." Steve batted Tony's arm. Tony poked a tongue out at Steve. Steve shook his head. "You know, the only difference between you and Peter is that Peter actually listens."
Dum-E nudged Peter's head for attention. Tony snorted, knowing full well about the bot's attention seeking acts.
"Tony."
"We're lovable, aren't we, Peter?"
"Do you really want him there this time too?" Steve had asked, hinting at Peter who was sleeping on his lap on their ride to Steve's home, Tony had taken responsibility of dropping them off.
Steve nodded quickly and Tony got a sheet from inside the library that was covering a single couch and spread it on the floor. He got a few cushions too. He laid down and Steve laid down with his head on Tony's stomach, so they were in a T-shape.
. It'll be a breeze. He knew how to charm. He knew how to flirt. He knew he had amazing people skills. He's got this.
"Would it be okay if I kissed you?"
"Sir, it happens to be Mr Rogers."
"But common sense, Steve! Common sense." Tony barely managed to stop laughing and speak. "He was three times your size! What even?"
Tony licked his lips slowly, swallowing to prepare himself to speak. He blinked, his eyes stinging a tad bit. He sighed deeply. "Do you know what you mean to me?"
"It's okay, buddy." Peter dropped himself onto Tony's arms, his own wrapped around his neck. Tony rubbed him back, up and down. "It's okay."
Peter did, however, stop when he saw him. "Why are you on the floor?"
When the tour concluded, Tony asked, "So, what do you wanna do first?"
"On the phone." Right. Of course.
"I love you."
"Oh, honey." Tony wrapped his arms tightly around him again. "I'm so sorry."
"How come this place has everything when you don't even use it?" Steve asked.
Even the pale lights gleaming all over them, Steve's unmistakable blush made an appearance.
When the batter was mixed, Steve looked at the time. "I gotta wake Peter. Can you turn the stove on low and heat up the pan?"
"C'mon, now, I don't wanna hear it. Time for some shut eye for you too." Tony laid Peter on the bed and covered him with the sheet, tucking him in. Then turned to the father. "I could sleep on the couch if you're uncomfortable in the same bed, I don't mind-"
"I'm the mastermind behind this, don't I get a kiss?"
"Okay." Steve had said. Very sweetly. That was the thing about Steve. He was very sweet, incredibly so. His face wasn't where his beauty ended. It seeped deep into him, through his soul.
Pepper had said to just go the Thai place Tony loved, knowing very well that the restaurant was five star quality.
The corner of Steve's lips twitched upwards, giving Tony the indication that he was successful.
"That's okay. We have floaties. Just for your tiny little size." Tony grabbed Peter from around his waist and tickled his stomach. Peter shrieked out a laugh and tried to get away from Tony. Tony let go of him and turned to Steve. "If it's okay with the pops."
That night, they cooked, Steve making the sauce. He made sure to not tell Tony what he was adding and would continue to confuse the guy whenever he tried to keep a track of the ingredients. But, in all honesty, Tony didn't mind being in the dark about it. He wouldn't even ask JARVIS to recall the method to him later. Not just because he didn't necessarily cook, but also because he respected Steve and if it was a family secret, Tony didn't want to pry.
Finally, the long and painful hour came to an end and Mr. Samberg and his dog, who had taken a liking to Tony's shoe and had made it his mission to bite the thing off his feet, were gone.
Steve dove in for a deep kiss. Caught Tony off guard but he managed to recover pretty quickly, grabbing the other man's head in his hand and kissing back fiercely, as if to pour all of his feelings through the action. Lay them all in front of Steve. Like last night. Though there was a lack of some words last night, but Tony hoped Steve realized just what Tony thought of him.
"You too, Tony. Good night." Steve had quickly leaned in and kissed Tony's cheek that immediately turned bright pink. The heat swam through his entire body and he was left spluttering for a reply but Steve had already exited the car and was walking to the front door of his apartment building.
Well, Steve knew that he was too blond and breastless for Bruce’s liking. “No offense.”
In the end, even Clint stops speaking—and immediately snores loudly.
But Tony wants to sleep because of the sudden weary warmth and not because of the cold. So he thinks it’s okay. Snow falls and falls. No, it’s a bad idea to sleep under the snow, Cap is right. Tony keeps his eyes open, and it’s way harder than he could imagine. In the end, he falls asleep.
Weariness and anxiety of this day closed in on him in one moment, he felt an itch in his nose and scratch in his throat from dust. He coughed, rubbed watery eyes with his fists and the seemingly steady world started to swing. Peter tried to say something—he didn’t even know what exactly. He caught sight of Romanoff’s and Clint’s surprised faces, and then two kissing figures—Steve kissed Tony as if the whole Universe, as if all realities depended on that… and in some sense, it was true. Something mighty and irresistible pulled him up and to the side, the world faded to bars and spun around him.
Steve jerked up his head in surprise. This time he felt what it was like when your jaws hung open. Tony literally shone—with sweat beads on his skin, a small blush on his cheeks, and almost translucent rosy flowers of sweet pea tangled in his hair. One of the flowers slipped from behind his ear, and Tony caught it at the last moment, preventing it from falling into the soup. He handed it to Steve.
“Yes, yes,” Stark interrupted him. “For example, you lost your mind from your loneliness, for you came to the criminal without any guards. Do you believe in your reflexes to this extent, Cap?”
“Wha-a-at? Rogers, you… you promised me that you’d delete all traces from the system!” Stark’s voice showed his anger, slight fear, and… amusement?
“Then why?” Tony squinted even more. “I’m sorry, this question just stuck, you can pass it if you want.”
Tony glared at him and ground out with a lopsided grin, “Now I can believe that your rose is intact, Cap, you have such big thorns. Listen, the most risk you’ll get is a media scandal and a slightly sullied reputation. Would you mind knowing what I think?”
Steve more than once tried to appeal to him for his sense. It was useless, obviously, but Steve just couldn’t help it. When he asked Tony directly whether he had a rest at all, Tony always grinned indecently and answered, “Don’t worry, Cap, I have enough energy for everything I need. I’m clockwork, in the end. You know that, right?”
“He is working,” Captain answered shortly. “He needs to see ammunition in action so he can improve it afterward.”
They turned away and went outside in synch, and Pierce closed his eyes hopelessly. Right now Alaska seemed to him quite a good place.
And in the morning he brings Tony coffee in bed.
“He isn’t afraid of hackers, he can hack anyone by himself,” Steve said.
“Let’s assume that you are neither a prankster nor a boy who was hit too hard in his head,” Tony said. “Tell me, o young Pheidippides, what news do you bear? And cut the long story short.”
“What use is our compound, if every…” Rogers awkwardly looked back and corrected himself. “I mean if every genius can boss it as if he is at home? Bring me the security specialists!”
“I had no idea that physics inspires you so much,” Tony said at last. He lost the biggest part of his usual sarcasm somewhere.
Tony makes the most conscious thing for a sensible person in such a situation—he lets out a high-pitched shout (and not a squeal, Clint lies) to scare away an attacker. It’s not because he’s frightened, no.
“Winter Soldier,” Pierce said with meaning and thoroughly measured warning, “was glad to have his prosthesis at first too. But then…”
Steve sighed heavily and took him by the arm, squeezing his elbow. Tony paused and lifted his eyebrows in surprise.
“So I need to go back,” Peter summed up. “To that…”
Tony was widening his eyes more and more, his brows were crawling up. Steve’s jaw was just hanging open.
“Have you coughed recently?” Bruce interrupted Tony, so Steve didn’t have a chance to know what this hanahaki was. Well, he would google it later.
“It’s a personality,” Rogers answered confidently. “By the way, your counting is right, I’m definitely… firm. And charismatic.”
Tony raised his eyebrows and tapped on his temple.
“Where are the others?” Steve forced himself to speak.
Tony has one more dark secret which is known to nobody apart from Pepper, Rhodey, Fury, Coulson, and a bunch of other people. He sincerely hates Cap because his father used the perfect image as an example at any opportunity. Forcefully fed a young mind with tasteless oatmeal. Or how they say.
“I’m totally okay,” Steve held the bowl like a lifeline: Tony turned, leaned on his shoulder, and wound fingers in his hair. He moved locks apart, probably, to examine the lower parts of stems. “I feel well. It’s nothing.”
Here they are once again.
What you dream sometimes.
Steve mimicked his gesture.
Tony waved him with a bowl of popcorn and patted the sofa near him as if Steve was a dog. If Steve had a tail though, he would definitely wiggle it. He saw pictures on the Internet where he and other Avengers were drawn with cat or dog tails and ears and it didn’t surprise him anymore. He could do nothing but to be glad that he wasn't supposed to have a tail or else he would give himself away at once. Although, he gave himself away anyway.
Sitwell said that Stark had feigned a sickeningly gracious face at those words.
His fingers slipped further, got into his briefs, still wet from the recent impromptu orgasm, and tightened on his cock. Steve groaned again, making sounds he didn’t know he’d been capable of producing. Such hungry, greedy, pleading sounds. Tony had little rough calluses on his hands, and every time they caressed the sensitive head and the swollen shaft, it gave Steve a full-body shiver. There was only one thing he wanted.
Maybe Rumlow was drunk. Or maybe during the last fight, Stark hit him hard in the head. Normally Rumlow wasn’t such an idiot, but now it seemed he lost his marbles, so Pierce followed the example of Sitwell and slowly moved away.
Steve couldn’t say a word even if he wanted to—emotions choked him. He stared at tan fingers: they went deep in the chest porthole where they tinted with blue and white because of the bright light. There they opened up a thin door of an intricate cell, and a pulsing fire started to beat faster—what was it? Could it be magnetism? Or ether? Or rebellious electricity? Or all that together?.. It beat to the rhythm of a heart and stuck to fingers as if it was afraid to...
Tony jerked suddenly, and Steve shook his head and breathed, “Stay with me. Please. Do you hear me? Please, Tony, I’m… I’m begging you. You have lightning in your heart, it is so… so in your style, only you can do something like that. Maybe, all this time I’ve been waiting for something like this.”
Others hide somewhere, bastards, but they’ll get what they deserve. Later.
“Why do you…” Steve’s neck reddened. His preferences were his deepest secret, he sincerely tried to make it with Peggy, to do everything right, how it should be… but… “How?”
Barton turned to Peter and said, “I warn you, not a word about Budapest… And by the way, how do we know that it worked?”
"What happened, dear?"
When flowers started to grow under the cap, it felt awful—as if something unrelentingly crawled across his skin. They were too short on space, and Steve wanted to pull off the cap, shook his head, and combed the whole garden with his fingers. Or Tony’s fingers.
“Forget about it,” Winter Soldier cut off firmly, although in a flat voice. “If you want to meddle there, I’m out of the game.”
Also, Rogers was used to see Winter Soldier beside him since early childhood, and it was one more reason to delay his murder in the case of failure.
No, he can’t fall asleep today, no way, because—it’s Captain America, and Tony has an exceptionally boring week.
“I don’t doubt.” Strange took Peter by the hand and whispered hurriedly, “They’ll remember what they need to remember. You’ll forget what you need to forget. Then both realities will unite in one because, in fact, it is one…”
After that Hydra lost many of its security specialists, and Rumlow was returned to the cell in the heat of the moment. Alexander Pierce decided to discover no matter what which black magic Tony Stark was using to lead Rogers a dance.
Steve shook his head. He didn’t have proper words.
Steve put the annoying flower behind others and looked at him. Tony carefully studied a hologram with figures that didn’t mean anything to Steve.
And he stretches his huge hands. Huge paws.
“It’s… hard to understand,” he admitted.
“As if it will be much more of them if I accept your offer. World order, are you serious? Where am I with this world order, Rogers? And I still want to know how you plan to control my loyalty. Which collar will you put on me?”
“What’s the difference?” Winter Soldier asked flatly.
So, Hulk has broken two dozens of lampposts over his knee. Now he is trying to take a bite of the beautiful plaster on the front of the city hall.
And it would be fine but for one thing: Rogers said they need as little comfort and as much overcoming as possible. So they leave the car (“That means the Iron Man suit as well, Stark!”) and walk to the camp.
Rogers makes a confused pause, trying to do his thing with blushing. Tony remembers his strange notice and plays hunch, “Listen, Rogers, I don’t comprehend one thing. Why have you never flipped me off?”
“If it were in some quiet place.” He felt his cheeks heated and a new flower bloomed right on the hairline at the back of his head. He would have to hide it under the helmet or pull it up if he needed to leave the Tower in the next three days. “Where you can leave a baseball cap on.”
“No, not at all.”
In the bedroom they stood still for a moment just to look at each other with new eyes. They were familiar and unknown at the same time.
“Bifurcation point,” he thought, struggling with sickness. “Bifurcation point, what the heck, I…”
“I’m genie Tony. Don’t confuse me with gin tonic.” It was a canned joke, for certain. “It’s clear why the old man decided to pass me to you exactly: he wanted to find you so badly that it almost drove him mad. He wasted his wishes as good as for nothing and he tried to extend my potential, shall we say. But, as you can see, he didn’t manage to do it so he gave me to you in case you’ll find a way to deal with me. You know, he talked his arse off about you. That you are a hero, a brave man, and a nice guy who left his friends too untimely.”
“Don’t say anything, please,” he asked, pressing his forehead to the tentacle which bounced a little. “Let me… Let me dream for a moment. Then it all will go to hell, but for now…”
“Fried marshmallow is way more delicious. Leave space for it,” Clint adds in a disgustingly sentential tone.
For some reason, it seemed wrong to go with empty hands. Steve thought for a while and decided that improvisation would be better than anything. Improvisation with a live object so Tony would remember that there was a life apart from his lead plates, condensers, magnetic coils, steam turbines, mini-zeppelins for catching lightning, and other wonderful toys.
It was the biggest of rare mistakes which he made in his life full of dangers and threats.
Their trip starts early on Tuesday morning, because which sober-minded villain could risk and bring their evil plan into effect on this day of the week? On the other hand, if someone becomes a villain nowadays, it’s already a sign of insanity. There are so many opportunities in this world, and those idiots as one still want to destroy New York. Where are their fantasy and inspiration, huh?
“Strange!” someone shouted from below. Peter jumped, feeling familiar and at the same time unknown warm in the heart. It was Tony’s voice, and shortly after that, he heard a second voice. “Just so you know, the shield can easily break those magical barriers of yours!”
Threatening grimace gave place to frank surprise.
Now Mr. Stark looked at him with amazement of a man who didn’t use to feel amazement, while Captain looked at him warily and a bit angrily.
Pepper says just one short, “Hm.” She doesn’t lift her eyes from a tablet.
“What?”
“No, it’s just Nat with a priest,” Clint said, coming to them. “She is fast. Do you have rings or something like that?”
Mother had a wood sorrel. He saw it only at the wedding photo, of course, where father sat on a chair in a clumsy costume and mother stood behind his shoulder. She wore a light-colored dress and a thin wreath made of tiny small flowers with pointed petals. Or rather he thought for a long time that it was a wreath, but then mother explained to him. She said that when he loved someone, he couldn’t hide his feelings even for a day. And it would be good—mother stroked his feverish-hot chest—you wouldn’t be deceived, you would know for sure that it isn’t a mistake and you love this person with your whole heart.
Tony nodded silently. His throat bobbed as if words stuck there and couldn’t get out. Steve drew his finger to the cheekbone, to the chin, then his hand slipped to the back of Tony’s head. The tentacles readily and hungrily hugged Tony’s waist and hips, at the same moment squeezing his strong forearms. Steve realized what amazement that Tony didn’t draw back, no, he moved closer, giving in to the hug. That’s it. It meant that those harsh rumors weren’t for nothing, that…
“I’m Steve Rogers,” Steve corrected without lifting his head. “I remember someone said that all my specialness is out of a bottle.”
“Are you crazy?! Get it back, now!”
“Our victory,” he said low and ultimately as if he drove in a nail in the coffin with his every word, “is impossible without a crushing defeat of the rebels. We can hunt after them a few more years, destroy their bases, catch their leaders, but the most smashing blow to them will be Tony Stark on our side. If we kill him, his legend will live forever. I hope it’s clear for all of you.”
To Clint’s credit, he didn’t hesitate even for a second. He grabbed Peter and ran so fast that Peter’s ears were almost blocked.
“Yeah? And why is it so?”
“It’d be too much,” Steve said, recollecting himself. “Yes, too much. Who are you and why were you given to me?”
“Bifurcation point. You can call it a fork of probabilities if you want.”
“I didn’t mean it.” He assured quickly, turning the watches on his wrist nervously. It contained a voice record of codes that controlled Hydra's live weapon. It was made after one unfortunate incident with Winter Soldier’s bionic arm and the throat of his curator. “But if you would have to choose Schmidt or Rogers, who would you choose?”
“What’s up?” Thor barged in, towering over Tony’s table. “By the way, Tony, what did you do to Benatar? It looks like you hit it with a hammer.”
“There is nothing extraordinary here. Of course, I need to divide everything by twelve,” Bruce adjusted his glasses and waved away one of the holographic spreadsheets. Tony opened his mouth and breathed in deeply to… Steve didn’t know why. Tony always had what to say, and Steve never could guess what he was going to say. It seemed Bruce had a better understanding, because he explained right away, “By relative supersoldier twelve! He has the hormone level of a man on a peak of romantic love, considering Captain’s correction. No viruses or signs of bacterial infection.”
"You baked an apple pie for me." Tony lifted his head at last and kissed his husband for real. "May I have the dessert first? Last week was difficult."
“So you recommend enlisting this man — this man, who is a genius, a pain in the ass and the most persistent Hydra enemy — with a couple of punches in the teeth?”
Clint crossed the last obstacle from a fallen tree and a half-burned bus and got out into the relatively open space covered with scrap bricks. Construction dust hung in the air like a mist, and Peter hurriedly pulled a mask over his face. He saw Captain and Mr. Stark at once: Mr. Stark was sprawled in a crumpled car and talked with Captain through a window. Their faces were tense.
Before that Widow listened closely to their dialogue. Suddenly she said something to Clint and dissolved in debris. Peter could only hope that she didn’t go for some terrifying torture device. He stared pleadingly at the potential newlyweds.
“I hope no,” Barton chuckled. “There is no crowd of jealous girls around. Hm, will they stop kissing? Somewhere in the near future?”
“Well, in some sense…” Peter hesitated. “Yes. Mr. Stark is looking after me, and Captain…”
“Not from me.” Winter Soldier’s voice suddenly seemed like a combat knife aiming right in the eye. Pierce shivered. “And not from you, is it clear?”
Rhodes’ dark face became even darker.
No. How he could live. Live. Steve never saw a machine in him, Tony was always a guy who saved Steve from ice; a guy who forgot about himself for others' sake; a guy who was ready at any moment to rush in water, or fire, or malfunctioning zeppelin engine, or even hell itself—and then, after he barely survived, he was ready to mock endlessly so no one could accuse him of soft-heartedness, heaven forbid.
“I begin to doubt the successful ending,” Steve muttered but collected himself. “Yes. I’m ready to respect Tony and… and love him. I think there is so much more in him worthy of love than he knows.”
Strange steepled his fingers. He always did while considering something.
“Hydra respects my wishes,” Rogers said dismissively and hoarsely as well, distracting Pierce from the infernal nature of Herr Schmidt. “And I wish to see you on my side… Tony.”
It seemed that Strange managed to switch channels with his eyebrow. There were tigers in a snowy forest, a football match, dozens of talk shows, and some absurd program about aliens who disguised themselves as normal people. Peter breathed out slowly; the ice in his chest was melting bit by bit.
“What are you..?” Tony began grumpily, but grasped something just in time and stopped.
“Okay, okay,” Tony understood him in his own way, groped his ass firmer and let go immediately to get rid of his buckle. “You will get all of it right now, I promise.”
Rogers turns red. Tony imagines himself the ancient Greek god Zeus in anger (at least, repulsors can pass as lightning, right?). That is, he is enough majestic and terrific.
Winter Soldier came after 40 seconds, estimated the situation, and stood in the corner to watch meditatively how Rhodes was making mincemeat of Pierce. Some patrolman stepped closer, but saw a wicked movement of the bionic arm and returned to his previous position.
“And for this guy!”
“Only Clint, maybe. Others won’t risk it or will pretend that they are considerate enough not to pay attention,” Steve chuckled. He has already come to his senses, and now he was appreciating the world anew, getting to learn it from scratch. “Except that they will pay attention.”
“It suits you, my friend,” Thor smiled as if Captain America showed up in a blue wreath every day.
Captain didn’t let anyone into his plan of how to win Stark over to the right side, not even Schmidt. Everyone heard just slightest hints, like yes, Stark was kept in prison, but his cell could outrank a good hotel. He had a personal shower, not only with hot water but with a hydromassage as well, a full-sized bed, a workbench, and a small library. He had even a drawing board, and at first Pierce chuckled, because there was no reason for that son of the digital age to know how the real engineers had worked back then. Rogers somehow felt his fun and promised that Stark’s first task would be the project of Pierce’s cinerary urn. Admittedly, no one hurried to give him projects to work on, but Stark proved that he could use the drawing board professionally. At least, the words “FUCK YOU” were written according to all the rules of a technical drawing.
“He helped save injured people,” she explained. “Please, begin, holy father.”
“I’m sorry, Steve, it’s a pretty garden but it’s far from okay. Let’s come to the lab.” Bruce threw the remote to Natasha and stood up. “We’ll watch Gremlins after we figure out what your attack of flower-bearing is about.”
“Why do you think I’m going to divorce?” he asked. “I didn’t lie about anything. Although, if I seemed disgusting to you and you did all that just to save the world…”
“No, thank you,” Steve answered after a minuscule pause. After all, if there is no difference, then..? No, he was never inclined to escapism. “But what can you do in general? For example?”
“Is it your heart? Your innermost secret?”
“Have you missed me already? What a shame.”
Steve looked in an entrancement. Even his tentacles, which still strived to Tony, stopped their endless movement for a moment. Under the breast part of the apron was a shirt with a wide-open collar, and under the shirt was a solid leather corset, to Steve’s surprise. Tony sighed and loosened it, showing his chest.
“There is one more, about children,” the priest noted, “but given the circumstances…”
“I know, it’s risky,” Tony nodded. “But there is no other way, I’m sure as only a physicist can be sure, and since I know the difference between Bohr and boron, and between Thor and a torus…”
“One more word, Stark, and my patience will disappear too,” Romanoff said. Peter saw Tony sighed in exasperation and turned to… yes, his spouse before the law.
Of course, two hours later, when they have chosen the place for tents and already brought brushwood for a fire, they find out that they forgot matches. It causes a little chaos. Or a huge-but-not-final-end-of-the-world, a term depends. All in all, it’s a crisis. Steve shows such a hangdog expression on his face, so earnestly beats his breast and takes the blame upon himself that Tony starts to laugh hysterically. And he is still snorting, wiping off tears, trying to breathe—he just can’t stop—while somewhere near Natasha and Clint are persuading Thor that there is no need for lightning.
It turned out that he really went, although it was quite literally: he went around corridors of the compound wearing some fantastic corset of metal and plastic. Two doctors mother-henned him chirping something about a revolutionary breakthrough in the rehabilitation of polytrauma. Pierce spitted, moved the doctors aside, and stared at Rhodes heavily. He looked at Pierce naughty and calmly and that was not the way how injured captured rebels should look at the Hydra commander.
“Oh… my… goshhh… Steve, let me in… it will be easier soon…”
“You should just believe me,” Tony said softly and secretly, “that sometimes my dreams show me even more than that. Do they hurt?”
“Well?” he asked aggressively. “Are we going to divorce right now and there or wait for a couple of days? Just in case he returns?”
He let out a moan, and Tony caught it with his lips too, but this time he claimed the kiss without giving back. It was so right and long-awaited that Steve wanted to cry for joy. So many years, so many times they orbited each other, fighting over every little matter just because they couldn’t walk by, and now they were finally together, together for real…
That’s the problem. Tony doesn’t see anything apart from his discharged suit in this prison cell. It isn’t luxurious at all: a tiny room five on six yards square and from ten to twelve yards high. Even Captain Skipjack can’t jump to the small window just below the ceiling. And it’s barred, for good measure.
His jeans soaked through with hot sperm. A telltale blush crept up his cheeks, his palms sweated, and a short satisfying relaxation gave place to cold fear. If someone noticed… If Tony… What would he think? Steve lowered his head and took several deep breaths, and then he suddenly realized that there was only Tony and him left in the room.
“Let me go!” Peter cried and struggled. He heard eerie legends about the Cloak’s choking abilities where it appeared something between a dozen loving aunts and a boa constrictor. He didn’t want to check whether these legends were true. The Cloak unwrapped him with a hurt rustle, and Peter fell to the steps from five feet high. “Ouch!”
At this moment Tony already hiccups because of endless laughing. Steve carefully pretends that he isn’t insulted.
“I would.”
As Steve was passionately licking Tony’s dark nipples, Tony ran his fingers through Steve’s blond hair and pulled, making him stop, as if he felt those doubts somehow. He said hoarsely, “Let’s lie down. I’m weak in the knees.”
“I’ve eaten frogs,” Tony commented out of place. “In a cream sauce. It wasn’t as bad as it could have been.”
“JARVIS,” Tony mutters, “let’s finish it, huh?”
Steve dared to look at him. It was rare that Tony smiled like this but his eyes were clearly worried.
Oh, it was so scary.
“Are we discussing it seriously? What the hell, we are really discussing it,” Steve acknowledged. “But…”
“I could die on the spot from your impossible humbleness.” Stark reacted immediately. Pierce ground his teeth, swearing at both of them: Stark be damned for he was hundred-percents-Stark, and Captain be damned for he was visibly ready to let Stark go on further and further. Even now he didn’t snap, didn’t punch…
All in all, everyone had one question in common—what did Captain America forget in such goddamned society? And Steve was the only one who knew that he, with his secret, belonged here like nowhere else. Moreover, he knew how much the superpowers of other Avengers cost them. Bruce Banner paid for his scientific curiosity in the form of his alter ego, a giant green monster. Clint Barton became an orphan when he was three years old, and then he went deaf after falling from a circus trapeze; now he had to lip-read. After her first successful mission, Natasha gained an ugly scar across her left side. Peter was obsessed with chemistry, and he was shy as hell around girls so he didn’t have a single thought about sex yet. Yes, he had fully functioning spinnerets, but as far as Steve knew, his cock was firmly attached to his groin.
“Almost six. It would have been six years next week.” Tony sat back in his chair, trying to look relaxed. “But 'almost' doesn’t count, does it?”
“Cap, Tin Can, do you copy? We have a fucking situation!”
“But how did he manage that?” Peter sighed in dismay. “Our reality changed? But why does nobody know about it?”
Steve leaned across the table and shut his mouth with a kiss. Never was he wrong about his chances, never.
“Hey, Iron Bouquet calling Captain Bed-flower, are you receiving me, over?”
“No way,” Tony pressed his fingers to his forehead and then to his heart. “She was there and there. Now I’ll create her for real. I can bring her to life, I can do a million things… and you know what, Steve? I start with one where I invite you for a cup of coffee with lokum. What do you think?”
For history and justice: it’s someone else's idea and doesn’t belong to Tony. Moreover, it doesn’t belong to Clint, he overheard it from the SHIELD young agents. And brought it to the Tower, like a mongrel that brings fleas to its masters. And Captain Enthusiasm heard it and became infected.
“You are a machine,” Steve said quietly, trying to perceive how it’s possible. These thick eyelashes, brown eyes, tiny wrinkles around them, a bit asymmetrical earlobes—how? Furious and tender nature, unique manners—how? And how it seemed that Tony was able to live by the brew of coffee seeds, and machine oil, and nothing else… machine oil, good God!.. and why nobody saw him sleeping, and… “But how! Only God could create such perfection!”
And it helps! Grass snake slips out of the sleeping bag and disappears in a moment. And it’s enormous! Two yards, maybe. Or even three!
Before Steve could blink away this smoke, the shield was already in his hand. Unknown voice in a surprisingly well-known tone said through the thick shroud, “Wow, what is that? Let me have a look, it’s something new… why, if it isn't vibranium!”
Rogers sighs heavily.
He wriggled out of Clint’s momentary weakened grab. Clint snapped back behind Peter, but it didn’t stop him.
“How prepared he was,” Steve nodded. It still hurt to remember the previous life that he lost forever in one fleeting moment as if it was cut by a knife. He didn’t have even a tiny chance to return—oh!—so many people, to see them, to tell them what he was going to tell if it wasn’t for the lack of time… Peggy, his Peggy… “Howard was always able to foresee the future. Even the future of the other person. But what’s this rarity about?”
Clint even grunts slightly in his excitement.
"I was often told that I'm emotionally deaf and I can't distinguish clues, nuances, and other subtle matters. If you don't tell me right in my ear, I won't hear anything. Maybe it's true because I hadn't seen any signs until Steve decided to speak with me."
“Oh,” Commander of the best Hydra airwing (James Rhodes) commented when the head of the Science department and the unspoken favorite of Captain Hydra (Anthony Edward Stark) shared the news with him, “we could expect that. Barnes missed too. Mind my words, he will find Pierce wherever he goes, even in Mongolia, and bring him here. Like a post package.”
“You said it back then too,” Stark said nonchalantly. “And I’m still telling you that Rogers is a good person. He just caught up in an unlucky coincidence. I think he is really happy that Schmidt isn’t here anymore, and freedom… now freedom is closer to us than at any other moment in the past. You’ll wait and see that in five or ten years we’ll make out of Hydra a normal society.”
But sometimes it’s just necessary to maintain his image created by the media. It’s not that Tony even remotely likes this image (although, the rumor about twelve Maxim girls was quite nice).
“Kill him, he is either a chitauri spy or time traveler,” the voice from the comm said, and Peter jumped. He heard a lot about Romanoff’s intuition, but he’d never had a chance to try it on, so now… ”Or Loki’s illusion. Or some other shit. Clint, I have no time for…”
“Are you okay?” Tony asked.
“Please, take the “but” aside,” Peter begged. “Listen to me, I’m not crazy, I swear, and if you need a priest, I’ll bring him with my own hands! Or at least I’ll ask somebody…”
Meanwhile, Bruce takes out his pocket set of a good free doctor, does some magic, and makes a fire.
Tony has just read one of those articles (God help him, these people don’t understand their subject even for a little bit) and felt furious. He starts to think whether he'll be able to invent a pluggable brain. Not for himself, of course, but some people need such devices.
“And marshmallow!” Clint added lively.
“Fuck! Fuck-fuck-fuck! They’re too light and soft. I’ve told you, SHIELD devices should stay in SHIELD so it won’t make people laugh. And won’t ruin people’s lives. Come on, sunshine…”
“I’ve made his costume,” Tony reminded. “I think my intentions are in dead earnest.”
“Oh, here you are.”
“You… but why?” he asked perplexedly. “What’s your interest? You have only three wishes, and no more!”
There weren’t doubts that casualties would follow. Maybe even mass casualties. Captain Hydra was obsessed with Tony Stark, ever genius, billionaire (i.e. ex-billionaire), playboy (fuck knows whether he could act like this among rebels) and philanthropist. Stark definitely didn’t stop to act like the latter, because from time to time he tossed his little “presents” to Hydra. Once it was a self-destructing jammer, and thanks to it rebels could complete a mission and transferred a vibranium under the very nose of the East compound. Once it was an email with a computer virus. Holy God, how could you create such an idiot, who ordered goods through their workstations with a direct connection to the control center? Of course, such an idiot didn’t exist anymore, but this was irrelevant.
“Well, maybe, but I’m still glad it turned out so well,” Tony smiled, showing his white teeth. “And I can throw parties! I can travel! I can fix and create marvelous devices! I can buy costumes, spit from roofs of towers, maybe even fly! And I can kiss. I desperately want to kiss, can you believe it?”
“If I say that I really want coffee and you hear it, you’ll consider it my wish, am I right?” Steve asked, smiling slightly. The genie (was he a genie in the first place?) was resourceful, cunning, and charming… like Howard.
“Yes,” Peter answered. He stared at them—they were almost like he remembered them, although something was completely different. Mr. Stark didn’t have that bitter wrinkle in his lips corner. Steve didn’t look like his own propaganda poster “Life for Fatherland” (Peter hated it); now he looked like himself—an alive, warm, and solid man. “And how are you two?”
To be honest, it would be better if Cap had screamed it. It seemed, they all felt close to a thunderstorm, so they all hunched. Everyone was praying for the same as Pierce.
They sit. Then they lie and hug, and Rogers says, “Sleep, Tony. Tomorrow we need to report to Fury at ten.”
Stark’s chuckle was hoarse and challenging.
“No problem,” Tony waved his hand. “I can pay for such entertainment.”
“The memory of Herr Schmidt is enshrined in our hearts,” The leading article assured. “The loyal Hydra soldier will inherit the helm…”
Without waiting for the next Steve’s poking Peter interrupted him first, “Your Tower is lined with his portraits, for God’s sake! And Mr. Stark, you were upgrading his shield at the board meeting, and…”
“Ouch!”
“Honestly, Steve,” Tony grabbed chopsticks wrapped in a napkin and began to fiddle with them, “that love interest of yours doesn’t know where happiness awaits despite his genius.”
Besides, stories about models and cocaine parties (as well as LSD parties, champagne baths, tequila pools, and drunken orgies involving exotic animals) look much better than huge interviews of psychiatric superstars (or, more accurately, high-profile assholes). They tend to nod pompously and claim that Tony Stark, genius, playboy, philanthropist, and genius, has PTSD after his Afghanistan experience. What could they know about Afghanistan and experience? What?
“You are such a dick,” he answered blatantly and gracefully. “Tony was right to shoot at people like you, and it’s a pity that it wasn’t enough. Are you able to be strong only with disabled people? Although, I can beat you even with my prostheses if you dare to come closer with that brainwashing thing of yours.”
“There are energy levels,” Tone whispered. His fingers slowly drew something like the Solar system or a rough model of the shield: concentric circles and a steady point in the center. “If you are trapped on one level, you need help to jump to another. An energy dose, another particle, whatever, do you understand? Blink — and you appear somewhere else, even if you thought that this was impossible.”
“I think,” he said, “it would be useful for us to set an example for subordinates.”
“Yes,” Steve answered firmly. As far as Peter could tell—thanks to the firsthand experience of communicating with Captain—if Steve made a decision, he would stick to it no matter what. Nothing and nobody could sway him from the path. “We came here, on this battlefield, by our own free will, and we want to be joined in matrimony.”
“Are you sure that he isn’t dying?”
“Not a big deal, St. Patrick's Cathedral is just a step away, and it remains intact,” Steve said equally automatically. They stared at each other in the same amazement.
“I was carried away,” Tony shrugged. “I decided to make a big boom and slam a door as loud as I could. Why do you look at me like that, Cap? Don’t you suppose I’ll begin to confess my endless love for humanity, do you?”
“I can’t understand why the time portal tends to open somewhere higher,” Strange noted from below. In the next second, he appeared near Peter and helped him get up. “What’s with your face?”
"As if this is something new for us. Let's have dinner?"
Rhodes gave Tony a silent weird look, and Tony gave up with a sigh.
Winter Soldier’s face showed doubts, which was unusual for him.
“Well, Captain, that’s something.”
When he was a child, he liked to imagine his flowers. Would it be cloud-like meadowsweet, or yarrow, or a yellow iris? What if it would be a wild rose or broom? He didn’t like the idea of thorns. And what would be his smell?
“Well, I guess you won’t,” Steve muttered thoughtfully. Peter could bet that he thought not only about complicated relationships between Tony Stark and society. “You’d rather bite off your tongue than confess something like that… You know, okay. I’m in.”
“Listen, Stark. I know you won’t get it. For God’s sake, you always don’t get the simplest things that even a baby can understand. So, maybe, you should learn it by heart. Or write it down.”
“Well, if you put it like this…” Rhodes hesitated. “But do you love him?”
“In his teeth,” Captain Hydra repeated it in such a manner that even Barnes hunched, despite he was well regarded. “In Stark’s teeth.”
Meanwhile, Hulk settles up his affairs with plaster and takes up on Tony. Maybe he also thinks that Iron Man looks like a cute bee.
Tony kept it from sheer sentimentality; it was an old robot that survived through steamvolution. Like Steve, Dum-E was a product of the past, but it could have adjusted to the future and didn’t feel as if it was an ancient artifact. Steve looked in its back for several seconds.
“Stark swept it from the sea six months before his death,” he said. “And a separate paragraph in his will declared that he wanted you to have this thing. After you were found.”
“Because he managed that, Peter,” Strange repeated calmly. “Only you and I will remember the other possible outcome. If we succeed, of course.”
“You have a stupid habit. The stupidest habit of all your habits, Stark,” Tony hears in amazement. He hasn’t planned to hear anything else—and feel his full body, holy God—in this life anymore.
“Doctor Strange told me,” Peter answered desperately. “He is a magician, wizard. Or else, right now he is just a neurosurgeon, but he’ll become a magician. Very good magician. He searched through every reality and every world, and chaos is everywhere because you two can’t come to an understanding. Only one world is normal. Where Natasha Stark is the wife of Captain Steve Rogers.”
“Here,” Old Good Cap says, “sit closer to me. Let’s warm each other.”
“...Stark,” Strange finished ruthlessly. “He and Captain are the keys to every Universe, and there is only one exception. Just listen till the very end before crying that I give you an impossible choice. Because in fact, we have no choice.”
Tony’s breath was even hotter than his fingers, and his beard didn’t prickle but caressed. Steve barely held down his tentacles which strived forward stronger and stronger with every second. He wished to squeeze this waist, tear off the long leather apron, reach for this olive, sweet-and-salty, cherished body… Tony wouldn’t let it, nobody would let it, but…
“Finally we can be sure that Cap thawed out.” Tony still caressed petals of other flowers. Judging by goosebumps, they grew and grew, covering Steve’s head with a wide wreath.
For a day and a half more Tony can’t leave some awful hospital room. Cap Giant Guilt wanders around nagging, whining, and sympathizing.
Tony laughed, whirling around him like a small concentrated tornado.
“Donuts,” Cap said shortly, making impossible. He managed to shut Stark up for a minute.
Stark was glad. Bastard. Boy Jenkins had shown promises, he even had led a couple of punitive expeditions!
“I’m a genie, after all,” he said. “Your wish is my command and so on… So what about coffee? I’m really good at this, and by the way, now I can—I can, but I don’t have to, that’s the most precious thing—fulfill your every wish… or our wish if we want the same!”
“What,” Steve said dumbfoundedly. “How often do you dream about me like this?”
On the sixth day after that disastrous interview, Tony came back home and smelled the instantly recognizable scent of apple pie. A crisp white tablecloth laid on the table beside the floor-to-ceiling window of the penthouse, and a wine bottle was cooling in an iced silver bucket between two lighted candles. Steve was standing with his back to Tony and dishing out something resembling fettuccine with salmon. He looked so beautiful in his plain white t-shirt, pants, and funny apron that Tony's breath hitched and eyes burned.
“Tony,” Bruce said reproachfully, “maybe he just isn't ready.”
“But couldn’t you go there and tell them all of that by yourself?” he asked, looking at Strange almost pleadingly. No, he wasn’t afraid to appear in front of Avengers in the most terrible timing, but Strange gained a much better understanding of all that time travel stuff than Peter.
“You made it all just in time,” Strange said in an indisputable tone. “The reality was creaking at the seams, and I decided to cut the postering.”
Tony stared at him silently. He even forgot to bring a glass of smoothie to his lips.
“Okay, guys, I’m hungry,” Natasha says, fortunately.
Tony won’t tell anybody, but he hasn’t been to a cocaine party the day before. In fact, he’s never been to one of those. Tony doesn’t like drugs—they make a person stupid. Also, he’s never had enough time because of endless ideas in his head. And because he feels too much alive (especially considering those people who died for him). Psht.
“What’s wrong with you? That’s… just look at him! How can you say such things?! Oh my God!”
“Well, we can’t let such a beauty die,” Tony said.
It was a complete disaster. Why had he never experienced such stunning effect neither from Erskin’s lectures nor from Howard’s presentations? Steve thought that he had outgrown it, gotten rid of silly and inappropriate reactions to Tony Stark excitedly speaking science. It happened for the first time in the helicarrier, when Tony was talking about astrophysics with Bruce, slightly but obviously showing off. The damn costume grew tight in the groin, and Steve thanked his lucky stars that he was sitting at the desk and not standing at attention. It hadn’t helped much then, and didn’t help much later, when Tony was sleepily muttering formulas and intricate theorems, falling asleep after a rough day, or when he was spouting off his ideas, sticking with Bruce in the lab, or when he was trying to explain some of them to the Avengers — which was the worst part.
"Nonsense, I'll order something in. It won't take long."
"Tony." Steve was chuckling at him. Of course, he was. "I can have him stay with his uncle for a few hours. It's not a big deal."
"With floaties." Steve sighed.
a toddler go when he was left unattended?
Steve raised a brow at Tony. "You really gonna compete with a three year old?"
"What's a date?" Peter asked.
Steve gleefully nodded. "I said yes."
"No problem." No problem indeed. The more the main problem got delayed Tony had no objections to anything. The aliens could invade, for all he cared. The thought scared him, but here he was.
"Are you done tormenting my kid?" Steve's voice came from the corner.
"I'll make the sauce. I have a secret family recipe."
"C'mon, Pep. Look at him!" He whined.
"I just need to find someone."
Steve turned his head to Tony and looked at him, amused but not saying anything about the matter. "Chinese is fine, love."
"Why, Pepper, I would never." He brought his hand to his chest, in an exaggerated manner. "When have I ever done anything of the sort to make you expect such from me?"
"Alright. Well, do you know about the time my friend dared me to join a beauty pageant?" When Peter shook his head 'no', the gesture languid. He spared Steve a glance and saw the man looking at him with interest that he was failing at hiding, but Tony wouldn't point that out right now.
Tony brought his hand forward for Steve to take, who did after reluctantly unbuckling himself. He got out of the car and looked around, seeing that they were parked in front of a big house. Mansion? Looked like a mansion. But since Steve hadn't ever seen one, he was still confused.
“Natasha reported something strange,” he said and leaned to Peter as if he was a three years old kid. “Who are you, son?”
Steve overcame his numbness and turned to Tony. “What did he do with the church?”
When Tony wakes up, there is nobody left in the conference room.
Everybody knows since a long time ago that it’s forbidden to disturb Avengers on Tuesday evenings (apart from cases with Moon falling on Earth). And if someone doesn’t know, then JARVIS communicates with them. He can carry on really fascinating phone conversations. When he has a worthy companion, of course. Sometimes people simply forget why they call (once it’s happened to Fury; nobody should mention it).
She makes wonderful reports. Her diagrams, schemes, plans, and pyramids are so nice. And Pep is so nice too, Tony needs to tell her, show her, make her feel it with all her body…
"Our anniversary is tomorrow," Tony said quietly.
Tony quirked his lips and resettled the goggles to the forehead. The skin around his eyes was lighter than weather skin on his cheeks—well, recently he and Rhodes had spent good ten days on a proving ground, launching a capricious helicarrier; it’s how they called a giant zeppelin with four steam engines which could carry almost a whole army…
“What?”
“Have you gone with me because Bruce wants Natasha?”
“You imagine that,” Stark said, but it was clear that Rogers didn’t imagine anything and that this bastard was going to keep it up.
The cork gave in suddenly easily: it familiarly hummed to Steve’s hand and flashed with blue and white, showing a strange mechanical pattern on it. The bottleneck belched a long trail of hissing blue smoke.
“Maybe I had to do it a couple of times,” Tony chuckled. “When the engine core refused to produce quasi-neutrino and the navigation rods gave me trouble since they were overheating…”
Steve nodded, took Tony by the hand and boldly marched out of the conference room.
"He wanted it for the dinosaur." Tony clarifies in his ear. Steve nods and whispers "I notice it out."
Steve looks down at his plate and finds a drawing of Gumball and crayons accompanied by a note: "It came with the menu."
Tony nods, and he realizes how bad it sounded and decides that the best thing to do is fix it, or at least try not to screw it up anymore.
However, he does, asking Natasha if Pepper is fine, if she didn't disappear by Thanos' snap, and during the seconds when there is no answer, he feels his heart pump out of his mouth, as if all the time he had a lump in his throat.
"I didn't lose ..." Carol raises both eyebrows expectantly because she clearly doesn't believe him and he denies. "A boy, a wonderful boy who was put in danger by my ... selfishness." His voice comes out in a brittle thread, and he knows she can feel the pain in each of his words.
There is plenty of food on the table, Peter is in Steve's arms. With too sleepy to notice the "good candy" has already been brought out. The talk continues very entertaining, between the four of us.
"Can we go to the park? My daddy promised to go, but he always falls asleep." There is a pout on his face.
Tony wipes away the traces of tears that he didn't realize existed at the time, quickly puts on his shirt, and opens the door with the best neutrality grimace (and also the most pretended one) he can put on.
"We don't know, Tony." She begins. "But sometimes things are so simple that you just have to knock on the door to have an answer."
"Why?"
"He's obsessed with that thing, but you can switch to the channel if he decides to go play." Steve denies. Big, incredulous eyes.
The furniture looks old, Peter's toys are arranged in a basket next to a carpet in bright colors that stand out in the gray of the place. It almost looks like there isn't a child living in this house, because Steve can remember refusing to clean his room as a child and spending his days as dirty as Peggy's nieces after a day of playing mud princesses.
The doorbell makes its sound and almost when he leaves, he hears footsteps to the door. Steve presses the box against his stomach.
"Did you suit afternoons or so is like you greet in the city?" He stands aside to let him pass. Steve is blushes and nervous, and God is that him when he was young? He's so cute.
"Isn't it too early?"
He was sure it would be easy to start to stop relying on Carol's help with caring for Peter and Rhodey to cover him at work, but the truth is that he had already lost ten pounds since the last three weeks.
"It's not charity, I just tipped a dollar, I swear," Steve realizes what he's saying and denies. "What I mean is that I was not being stingy not to leave a tip or to leave it, I'm just short of money and I have two dollars to eat today; and I know we were fools for talking like that and I don't think anyone wouldn't want to have sex with you... Oh, gods, no. What I mean is that I'm sorry, and I'm also sorry to be an idiot."
And he didn't want Natasha, who was on Steve's side as always, or Rodhey taking pity on him despite everything, and definitely not Bruce being ... Bruce.
"Is nothing..."
Maybe you're funny
"That idiot is hitting my mom," he whispers, "I tried to help her and then she hit me."
Steve laughs, claiming that watching Peter's cartoons isn't good for him and he hunches down to go and continue cooking for his game night with James, Natasha and T'challa. Steve decides not to go into the room for the rest of the night, he doesn't want to see any of those three. Especially James and Natasha who have started dating are that bubblegum couple that he hates so much.
Not a good start, he needs shut up now.
"Thanks for letting me play here, but I have to go home." Wade approaches them.
"Do you know if he ... is dating someone?"
"I don't think so, Carol is covering her week hours at school." He runs his fingers across the bridge of his nose in frustration. "She has been helping me in the afternoons and she missed some classes."
"Something went wrong?" Steve denies and hands him a bag of medicines. "Steve, how much did this cost?" The voice seems to tremble with fear of not being able to cover the expenses for the week.
"You are... gay?"
"It was an amazing day." Steve responds. Big smile and a blush on his cheeks, his stomach being a mess. "I've been helping Anthony with Peter. Peter is adorable, probably the cutest boy in the world."
"Do you have anything I can do to make you eat?" Steve stands up looking at the boy.
Tony doesn't turn around until he puts the shovel with which he moves the nuggets on a plate and says relaxedly:
So the guy's heading towards him now and Steve crouches in embarrassment in his chair because this boy is handsome as an angel, and he cursed in front of this kid and he'll surely think that Steve's a stingy or a jerk.
Peter nods somewhat sleepily, he seems not to be very conscious. Tony stands up and hands Steve all the money in his wallet. "Please take care of it. He's kind of shy so he's likely to cry, hold his hand and uh ... thank you."
"You two are so weird ..." he smiles. "I guess I'll see you in a bit. I'm going to give you the address."
"Does Carol help Tony take care of you?"
They don't take long to attend to them and the doctor prescribes few medications recommending that in the process improve their diet and add vitamins to their day to day. When they leave, Peter is already better, continues in silence walking with long strides trying to calibrate his rhythm with Steve's.
That's why when Steve appears, the shock of feelings arrives because he doesn't want to fall back into the comfort state where he doesn't care about full time babysitters, but Tony is tired and hungry, and he has not slept enough to keep up with Peter or classes. And although he doesn't want to, he ends up accepting it because he can't be selfish, he needs to think about Peter; a long time ago he stopped being just Tony, and instead began to be Peter and if there was time, Tony.
"Clint is here, Tony."
Tony grunts and looks at him putting the pan on the stove. His arms are crossed and the look he gives when he's scolding him, but it's nothing serious.
And that was Pepper Potts, the adorable woman who made his life a little less sad.
There's no quick answer. In a good case "but not better" Anthony fell asleep and will only see his stupid messages until the next morning, in the worst case, he already saw them, and got so mad at him for being especially a fool about his son that he exploded by hating him .
Tony is the first thing he sees when the door opens, he's baffled to see him so early, but he smiles at him at the end.
He's there at the end of the hall and at the other end is the door to Rogers' room.
It's Tuesday and they have canceled the last two hours, Steve leaves in the direction of Tony's apartment because he promised to show up there after university, but he takes advantage and buys some food for the three of them and ransoms some money to do the shopping.
He wanted Steve, Tony really needed his Steve.
"You will have time to take care of Peter now."
"Well no, not that I know of." James falls back on the back, crossing his arms. "Who in their right mind would date a man who has a child? That equals no sex hard for the rest of your life."
But it's completely packed to the brim, he doesn't see Carol or anyone else in the local uniform so he assumes Anthony's alone. He looks tired and desperate, almost on the verge of crying, but he continues from side to side with plates and trays. Steve walks in and Tony barely looks at him. He walks to an empty table in the center, Anthony walks up to him to take his order.
Carol takes his hands and looks at him with a particular sparkle in her eyes. Tony has lived long enough to know that she's that type of woman; she's one of those who have faith even in lost causes like him.
Tony smiles and nods, because of course she would do something like that.
"Yes, of course, I will not leave you my son."
"I look horrible in the Little Code uniform."
And it's not like it takes a lot to get past the place, it's not what people would describe as a big deal, it's just a family-run fast food restaurant with many tables and a huge menu that seems to cause at least a degree of diabetes. He has seven dollars because he didn't order material for the classes this week and he smiles with satisfaction because today he can afford to have a decent meal on the table.
Rogers watches where Anthony went a while ago and sees the boy staring at him. His gaze is curious and stern, you can almost bet he got it from his father. If it really is and is not another James invention; which is what he usually does when Steve is interested in someone.
"My classes were canceled, I went shopping and I brought a new friend."
Tony stirs upset when he hears the knock on the door, Bruce enters the room and Tony stands up so fast that he staggers on the spot. Banner has an agitated expression and Tony fears the worst.
Tony kisses him, interrupts him in the best way he can think of at the time, and is immediately reciprocated. It's a needy kiss so they don't separate and if there was any limit between the touch of their bodies, they have broken it because it no longer exists.
"I get it." He stands up. "I have to go; if Peter wakes up tell him I'll be back at three. Thanks for breakfast, Steve."
Steve doesn't recall being happier at any other time in his life. But by then he just takes the plates out of the cupboard and sets them up for Tony to serve dinner.
"Are you kidding?" They both laugh. "That pickle hat does you justice like nothing."
Tony smiles at him and his heart skips a beat. But this isn't the time to get carried away by his teenage love impulses so he runs off with Peter in his arms and the promise to call at all times, and especially if something happens.
"Peter likes you, you haven't given me any problems, and I know this is the most idiotic thing I'll ever do, but thank you, I guess I accept your help, thank you."
Anthony denies, finally tearing up. Spends a while and then nod giving up. "I'll call Peter all the time, he has a chip on his head and if you make a single move I'll call the police, but the one who will kill you will be me, okay?" Steve nods feeling a little intimidated. Stark calls Peter who comes from the kitchen with a piece of cloth on his forehead. There are new people coming so he crouches quickly to their height. "Steve will take you to the doctor, I need you to behave and be a good boy, okay? No secrets."
The opportunities were on the table and they didn't seem to be many.
"Uh, well, I like to have details with the people I like."
"Was nothing; I went to a special hospital, they usually give away medicines even though they have excellent service. It's kind of like a government aid or something."
"Give me, I'll help you." Tony takes bags off his hands, and he knows how immature he can be, but he can't help but get excited when their hands touch and Tony laughs.
Peter blushes because he is shy around new people and waves his hand very little and very slowly.
"I take care of the son of ... a friend." Concludes and smile.
"Yes... you want to play?" Asks making a face, Wade nods walking to where Peter guides him.
Knock on the door, heavy bags no longer a problem, Wade offered to help him with something.
"Like the rabbit."
"Just the sandwich? I can get you a glass of water." Tony sees Steve hesitating and knows what he's about to ask, but he's in a hurry so he saves his words. "Carol invites, it's only one dollar fifty. But you can't tell Carol." He laughs.
Anthony looking too young to be a father. Peter always being too small.
Steve stops smiling when he sees Tony falter instead. He seems to be thinking about many other things, Steve gets an idea, but doesn't want to see it.
"Peter." Answer in a low voice, Wade smiles.
And Tony doesn't blame her, at this point everything seems lost.
When they arrive at Anthony's work, Peter runs up to him with more encouragement than before. But Tony doesn't look happy, quite the opposite, he dedicates a deep look that puts the daggers in his throat. "You did not answer my calls." The tone comes out severe, it must not be something common because Peter looks at him surprised. "I thinked that I was to call the police."
There's a knock on the door again, a light but imposing knock, and he finally comes out of the trance.
He can tell how real it is when she starts crying with her heart in her mouth and then he speaks.
"Hello, Stark." Carol greets her arms folded under the door. "I don't know if you've been told already, but... Clint?" Tony nods at the correct name. "Right, he's here."
He approaches the door and can hear laughter and television. It's probably Peter because Tony doesn't like sports and Carol and Rhodey aren't fans of procrastinating or lounging around TV.
He bites down on his lower lip trying to hold back a smile. He finishes his meal and leaves behind the colored drawing and a "Thank you Carol, I won't say anything."
"You do not understand." Stark rejoins, hiccuping in the process, being aware of the disgust she must have at this point.
Tony denies, Natasha sits next to him and smiles at him as if in pity. That expression that seems that everyone insists on putting on when they are near him. As if Tony was the only one who lost everything even long before all this hell came into their lives.
The call ends with Steve a bit excited. It doesn't take long for him to get up to find what to wear the next morning.
Goes through Vision's room, Steve's is getting closer.
The guy approaches them, carrying a face of few friends that would manage to drive away their hunger, but he's also incredibly handsome and yes, he has the most beautiful eyelashes Steve has ever seen.
"And also Gumball."
He goes up the stairs of the apartment and he comes across a boy sitting in the hallway. There are screams in the background that are mildly distorted by the walls and he can't help but feel his stomach clench when the little one appears to be crying.
He shouldn't, but he's disappointed. Maybe, and just maybe, Tony Stark has been on his mind because of something other than the fact that he was an idiot to him by not being discreet about an issue that did not concern him.
"Glad you got a job, Steve." Sam gets up and bumps a fist with Steve. His gaze is heavy on James with a hint of warning. He grabs his coat and is ready to go, but Sam talks, "There's a snack in the cupboard. Why don't we act like grown-ups and drop this shit and watch a movie."
"What did I tell you about disturbing customers, Peter?"
"I live here."
Tony hid his face in his hands, too embarrassed.
"If you don't mind, we'll serve the food now." Rhodey says with a smile.
It's Saturday, he doesn't have school and his roommates aren't there. He takes some of the money he was saving to go to the summer fair and runs to the restaurant.
"Yeah, yes. Hello, is something wrong?" He stops to think. "Peter and Tony okay!?"
"Are you listening to yourself?" James speaks at last, Steve looks at him sternly, he is warning him to watch his words. "Steve, you don't know the guy, you don't know anything about him, and you're doing this for a stupid date. He sure did a lot of shit to the mother to leave him alone with a kid."
"Sure, honey." Carol responds, taking him to the table when Steve leaves him downstairs.
"Couldn't your dad scold us for going to the park while he's gone?" Peter denies, Steve laughs. "No? Why not?"
"What? Yes, yes." He carves his eyes and smiles slightly by running his tongue over his lower lip. "For this shit, it is."
"Thank God you're alive," she sobs with her lips trembling and shoves him inside the house to shelter from the weather.
Peter nods and runs into the living room and stops when he sees a big boy on the couch playing with his hands who turns when he sees him and greets him.
"Well, he's the kind of person who prefers the man who murdered my parents over me." The force put into his fists makes his knuckles white, he knows he must relax if he doesn't want everything to spin out of control, but that doesn't seem very likely at this point in the conversation. "He decided to hide the truth from me, and not having enough with that he made up stories to justify two murders."
When they get on the bus Peter falls asleep leaning on his shoulder, and he neither quickly nor early imitates him. He admits that running carrying a five-year-old is not exactly easy or something that is in his routine to be used to.
"I see you have a gift," Tony says as an attempt to create a conversation.
Tony denies. "Peter has a temperature, he got sick and the place is full. Carol has classes today and my boss hasn't arrived."
"Did you see my mom?" His gaze is curiously similar to Tony's, it's a kind of mix between funny and tired. Steve denies.
Locks the cell phone and deny angry. Look around the room; It's a small place, there are several pictures on a shelf. All from Peter and Anthony togheter.
Steve quickly denies and grabs his forearm to keep him from leaving. His face burning like never before. Tony frowns, puzzled by how strange the guy's and looks at him carefully, waiting for his next move.
However, he has a double shift and has summoned him on a Saturday at nine in the morning. His hair is wet and he hasn't put his shoes on, he's a late-night mess; He looks very ugly with puffy dark circles and red eyes, but he opens the door for Steve.
"Goodbye Peter" he says goodbye, ruffling his head of hair.
Peter raises his head and denies. "Carol no longer helps my dad Tony because he is going to marry Rodhey, and she has to go to college."
Steve taps his fingers on the table as he is scrutinized by the little kid's gaze.
The day starts with a horrible two-hour literature class with the teacher who takes the longest time to finish a sentence, and then he runs off to get to this silly bird class.
"Thank you," says Carol in a low voice so as not to wake the child.
Birds that he doesn't care about because he doesn't even study something related to birds anyway.
"I didn't ask for a mother, I asked for my mother, Carol," Peter is quick to say before hiding behind Tony. "She was here when she told me to come with you."
Things happen like this for the next few days. He knows that Steve sometimes watches him when they organize together to create his plan on how they will beat Thanos, but he talks long enough not to pay attention to it.
"Really!?"
And it's especially disgusting when Nat doesn't say anything about the bullshit coming out of James's mouth. Although more than disgusting, Steve would say that it is disappointing.
"Let's do this" Tony takes out the cardboard with the plastic and takes the plate to wrap it "tomorrow when you come back you can eat it, okay?"
"I can't open the refrigerator because I once threw my mother's beer and it hit me a lot."
Maybe both.
"You should relax," Steve says, too calm, he would say.
"Something wrong?"
Carol enters his room, pushing him aside, and sits on the bed unattended, Tony looks at her confused and closes the door behind him and finally realizes the disaster that is his room and how Carol seems to be surrounded by a whole aura of depression that doesn't go with her.
James laughs out loud and denies whispering something that sounds like an insult. Steve kicks him under the table.
"I'll call Peter for lunch." Carol warns and takes Rhodey by pulling him carefully by the end of the tie, Rhodey is carried away with a smile that does not know if it is for his fiancée or his friend.
"Sam," he yells from his room, not caring much if Sam hears him, "did you see my red tie?"
Steve rereads several times because it is "Anthony Stark sending him a message." You think you should wait a bit to avoid giving the wrong impression, but chances are that if you wait too long the conversation will not continue.
"I can take him to the doctor," he says. Tony widens his eyes and denies. Obviously he's not going to entrust his son to a stranger. "I can leave you my number and my identification." He takes out his wallet quickly, holding out the card.
"I'm not going to calm down when Peter tells me he likes a boy."
"Uh, I ... yeah, uh." He takes the menu and checks it with his eyes, he's nervous and chaste of money so he goes to the children's menu section. "Does the cheese sandwich cost two dollars without the drink?"
"It's nothing, he's not that heavy."
He smiles at him and thanks him for taking Peter even when he didn't have to, and also apologizes for being a bit stupid, but Steve says he understands.
Tony doesn't know what the future holds for them, he has no idea if they will beat Thanos; he doesn't know if one of them will die, or if all will. But what he does know is that they will be together the moment that happens, he knows that they will have each other, both ready for what comes and more.
"Not so much ... I'll be on trial. Rhodey offered to use his influence to give me a better position, but I refused, I want to do it on my own." Clarifies too hastily as to avoid misunderstandings . "I know I should let you go." He laughs, it's a strangled laugh accompanied by a blush," but if you could ...
"Are you ready to order?" He may have sounded nice, however he didn't. And Steve doubts that he even considered trying.
"Yeah, I'm just seeing one."
James shrugs his shoulders and denies: "Nobody knows, maybe the bastard made her run away. I wouldn't be surprised, nowadays there are every idiot."
"I always go out at this time," he clarifies, closing the door behind him. Steve's confused look on him. "Yes, I lied about my departure time."
"What did you want to tell me?" Tony stands idly by, Steve finally decides to look at him.
"Can I eat with the grown-ups?" Peter asks.
"Don't worry, someone else was going to do it any time," he denies. "I just have to wear something decent."
Tony shakes his head from side to side and ends by opening the door to escape from the room and heading to his workshop with his mind set on the only thing that keeps him sane for that moment: bringing Parker and the rest of the universe back missing.
"He says it's Meet the Robinson's. There's a robot on the cover and a dinosaur."
Tony snorts rolling his eyes. "Of course it bothers me, it's a boy, Peter is a baby." He is five years old. "Did you like boys at five years old?
They both hug and stay like this for a while until Tony talks to him about the conversation he had with Natasha and the one he had with Carol after that, he tells him that he is terribly scared about Steve and if they are going to forgive each other's mistakes or if There will be something else after they decide to leave everything alone "if it happens", but she manages to reassure him by saying that whatever happens she will be with him to support him.
"God, not again." Steve laments. Bring both hands to his face. "I mean people that is kind with...me? I mean, it's too early to say I like you. Even I wouldn't accept someone who claims to like me after three days." He drops into the chair. Tony smiles slightly, the blush stinging his cheeks, he places his hand on Steve's knee feeling the boy tense immediately.
"It's okay, believe me. Uh, I'll text you the address, and thank you."
"You hurt me, Steve." He nods and Tony continues. "You lied to me and left me without caring what you, me and Peter had." He fixes his gaze on the photograph on the nightstand, no longer caring if this is uncomfortable or not. "But I also had my mistakes, I couldn't force you not to see the only thing you had left of your past, it was something ... selfish of me."
Steve wants to ask who Carol is, but he's out of position so he nods his thanks before he leaves. And because Carol may be Peter's mother, and that makes her Anthony's something.
, he said, and I'm sorry, but I didn't laugh that much in a long time."
"Steve Rogers." Rhodey receives him by stretching his hand towards him. He claps him on the back and invites him in.
The colors go to his head and he flatly denies repeatedly, he could almost say that his head narrowly missed. "No, I do it because I feel sorry for you, and I don't want an affair with you."
"Oh," Steve says, finding nothing better to answer. Bites his lip. "And the mother?"
Of course, they could also just go to their room, because it was the simplest thing, and Steve likes simple things, like chamomile tea.
"Whatever, it doesn't matter anymore, Tony."
"I can do this whenever you need it." Anthony denies. "Listen, I'm not doing this out of pity or charity, seriously just ... ugh."
It's when the rock falls that there really is an effect.
But there are more important things for Steve Rogers; things like "James Barnes."
"Tell me." He is sitting in front of him with a smile, he watches him stir in place and play with his hands.
"In silly land, yes." Anthony laughs, Steve is pleased with the result. "Sorry."
"Oh, well I ..." She frowns at him and widens her eyes because she seems to have noticed that Tony is a mess. "Everything is alright?"
Tony nods and ends up hugging her and whispers a thank you, a thanks for listening, a thanks for the advice and one for not being anywhere and just being the objective mind on this. She tightens it and swears it is the best hug she has ever had; there is no pity, there is no one side or the other and suddenly he feels incredibly at peace.
"Hello." He greets with the sweetest voice he can formulate, but there is no response beyond hiccups. "Are you okay?"
"That's fine with me."
"Yeah, I... it was kind of silly, sorry." Steve runs his hand behind the nape of his neck and scratches his head nervously, closes the door behind him, is ready to leave, but returns on his feet and turns to Tony, who's still standing there staring at the floor like an idiot. "Sorry, I was going out looking for you ... I need to talk to you."
The night ends with Rhodey and Tony cuddling, Carol and Tony held by their hands with tears in their eyes. And finally with Carol and Steve letting Peter rest in the guest room.
"Yeah, whatever."
His expression is embarrassed when Tony turns to look at him and notices the boy who always knocks on his door with lighter bags in his hands.
Sundays are usually his days off, which generally helps complete work and tasks that he doesn't finish when Peter is a little more restless than usual, but he also uses it to sleep. Between school and Peter, his hours of sleep are not the most adequate in the week, and he thinks that he can fully recover in a weekend, but a call takes him by surprise and although he does not know the number, he answers.
"Because you are old and you can go out alone."
"I shouldn't have woken you up, God, I'm sorry."
"Do you like Gumball?" Peter nods frantically and begins to clap as in the intro of the program. "I like it too; my favorite character is Nicole. What's yours?"
There is an awkward silence, the place is tense because James thinks Steve is being an idiot, and Steve thinks James is being an idiot.
At the last minute he has a biology class and leaves early so nothing can make him happier on a Friday. Except that he only has two dollars to eat and that the dining room is packed with food that goes over six dollars.
He directs him to the kitchen. There is a bottle of wine in the center and various dishes like very elaborate snacks around.
People don't smile, and when they do, their cheeks are soaked with tears faster than expected.
He has to tell her, he knows it because it is what anyone would do, but he is also afraid to ask because he couldn't bear another disappointment or pain.
"Thank you for not letting him fall at the decisive moment."
"Wade, Wade Wilson." He makes a face with his lips and sags his shoulders.
They are both crying, neither of them can finish talking so they hug each other, they do it with such force that for a moment it's suffocating, and Steve clings so tightly to Tony's body that he feels like he is going to break it at any moment.
"Like when someone call me for an express tea party?"
"Perhaps."
"Mr. Steve." Steve wrinkles his nose at the word.
"I promise I will not allow anything to happen."
He doesn't know why he has confessed all this to a person he don't even know, but he does.
Steve is in front of the door, his hands are sweaty (because that's what happens to him when he's nervous). He doesn't explain it to himself because at least forty minutes have passed since he last saw Anthony and he fears he's acting like a sixteen-year-old in love high school teenager.
James Barnes, the famous fucking motherfucker who made him see that what was between him and Steve was nothing more than a "nothing" because there was always a something between James and Rogers.
Tony sighs for a second. Steve knows it's a sigh of relief, his chest rises too high, he must be happy.
"Well, clearly you are not well."
Steve smiles inwardly dismissing the possibility of "something between Anthony and Carol." "Is it just you and your dad?"
"I'm not doing it for a date, he's going to pay me." James rolls his eyes like he doesn't believe him in the least. "I'll only help him take care of Peter once in a while. And yes, I find him attractive, but... it's not like anything is going to happen."
"You don't need to pay me, I'll do it because Peter likes Gumball and that's reason enough."
"I think I'm not so bad, and Peter is a very calm kid ..."
"Not just because of this," she laughs, "but because of Tony. For doing it ... for making him see that he has a chance to love and be loved by someone other than Peter."
Oh, no.
"I wanted to get rid of you, but you're stubborn so I guess that wasn't effective." He points at it by biting his lower lip. Steve blushing like a fool. "I'm just kidding, but thanks for helping. Things have been a bit ... complicated lately."
"I'm sorry I hid things from you." Steve sniffs through his nose, joining his forehead with Tony's looking into his eyes. "I don't hold a grudge against you, and I deeply wish you didn't have it towards me either ... although I would totally understand if you did-"
"How about we invite your dad to the park next Sunday?" The boy nods euphoria. So he promised him a date with his father.
