“Good choice,” he says to Sherlock’s wiggling toes. “My nana knitted those. The yarn has aloe vera in it.”
He stood up quickly, quietly, startling Sherlock out from his reverie, almost making him drop the book to the floor. He opened his mouth, face set into a frown.
Disappointment settles into his belly the minute he sees the tan and the teeth on the man looking at them owlishly. His first impression of the English is two sweaty men jumping in front of his taxi, almost being run over, flashing a badge, only to welcome him to London.
He should have just kept his full attention on holding Sherlock down. But the ridiculousness of the attempt to distract him had made him forget about Sherlock’s really rather long legs, which were now deftly hooked around his midriff and in the process of rolling him over.
An arm wrapped around his middle and pulled him down on his back in the grass. Victor’s face hovered over his, his mouth spread in a wide smirk at his surprise, his hair gleaming golden in the warm sunlight.
Sherlock looks down at him. John’s hair is standing up, his cheeks are ruddy with sleep, he is dressed in the pyjamas Sherlock gave him last Christmas, the awful fudge brown ones he bought by accident.
He reads of people who suffer from amnesia that wipes their memory clean every 10 seconds. How he would love that, not to be able to remember anything new, not to be able to remember people you hate, people who hate you.
Sitting in his chair with his knees drawn up, he listens for the door. John finally steps out and the vase falls over, without the desired sound of glass breaking. Only water sloshing and a muffled curse from John. He says something to Mrs Hudson who replies and then he is finally,
Sherlock is half unconscious, but he still whimpers audibly every time John tries to drape a blanket over him.
He hides his shaking hands inside his coat pockets and his fingers hit something. He pulls out the squash ball, useless now that he has been declared dead. No need to have it hanging around, no need to make sure that should the occasion rise he could use a simple trick to fool someone else into believing his pulse has stopped.
Looking around, he noticed Watson’s bed was empty, the bedding folded neatly under the mattress, the pillow on top in a perfect 90-degree angle. Watson’s clothes from yesterday, which had been folded and arranged on a stool by the foot of his bed, had disappeared. Most likely he had gone out. Sherlock tried to search for his shoes, but remembered he had left them outside before going to bed.
No, it was definitely not good. On the scale of things that are good, this one is definitely not good on any level. It is not even on the scale of things that are not good, it should not exist at all. John jumping in front of the fire to save Sherlock’s life shouldn’t be an option.
There is something more in the wrinkles though. Something Sherlock didn’t take into count. There is an extra line surrounding both sides of Victor’s lips, lines that can only be acquired through experience and understanding of living with the realities of the world.
Sherlock, startled by the sound of his name, looks up and directly at the bar where the big-breasted woman is listening to her friends chatter but clearly her concentration is directed towards their table. There’s no question that her eyes are directed at him.
“You just want to see if I’ll break. Believe me, you’ll fail. I’ve been kicked and beaten down so many times in my life I’m used to it. I don’t break easily.”
“Boys,” Mrs Holmes calls from the other side of the door. “Father is famished. He has already threatened he will start without you if you don’t come down.”
, but Sherlock just continued his story on how he had accidentally fallen into a well and how Mycroft had practically bungee jumped in to rescue him, always the protective big brother.
Sherlock has gone to celebrate his parents’ ruby wedding, and so the flat is dark when John returns, tired and grumpy from a weekend at Harry’s, but happy in the knowledge that she does not drown her sorrows into the bottle anymore.
John shows him a blue and white ball of mush that used to be his note and over which he poured boiling water in the hopes of having Earl Grey with his breakfast. Not Uniball Eye UB157.
Sherlock dares to raise his head and hear what they are there to do. The look of surprise on Sebastian’s face and the slight waver of his perfectly white-blinding smile when met by John’s steady silence makes something warm settle in his stomach.
And when he finally closed his eyes, he dreamt of that blessed calm breathing, but in his dreams it stopped.
He gives John a last smile to assure him that if anyone could talk Sherlock Holmes off a ledge it would be John Watson. John can’t see it, he’s too far, but Sherlock hopes he feels it, hears it through the phone and remembers it instead of all the horrible things he is saying, has ever said to him.
He should have guessed he would find John from the A&E. John’s instinctual need to nurture and take care of those who most needed it has been clearly visible in him ever since he was three and started bringing Sherlock injured insects to cure.
He lays a red-leather notebook on the table. He stands still for a moment, eyes moving rapidly over the cover, then he dives into his pocket.
Pulse on her wrist feels elevated, or is it his own pulse? Never measure it with your thumb, might get the wrong reading, feel your own rabbit pulse instead of
Back at Baker Street, John has clearly just broken up with his girlfriend and gone through the whole flat with the help of Mrs Hudson in search of anything that might aid Sherlock in breaking his years of abstinence. Worrying about his sock index, unable to look John in the eye, Sherlock goes to his bedroom and locks the door.
Perkins decides for him. With a toothy grin, he pulls out a small hand grenade and so the last thing he sees is a look of absolute shock on Sherlock’s face.
He is already running from everyone else, why not from John. So he leaves him standing alone in the middle of the road and goes to see Molly. She doesn’t ask unnecessary questions, only the one he needs to hear.
He promises to lie through his teeth, even though it will only hurt John more. But it will remove the suspicion, make John hate him and return to Sherlock. He needs him back before he can send him away again. Needs him to be able to pretend for the last time that he doesn’t care, that he doesn’t feel.
John perks up once he is sat at the table of their sitting room, and Sherlock can breathe again. He goes straight into case mode once the officers begin to mount the stairs with grates of books, doesn’t pay much attention to anything but John’s face that thankfully doesn’t flicker into expression of pain anymore after the first two hours. After that, he gets so into the case that he barely grunts as a reply when John gets up and groans that he has to go to work.
Despite what he had thought, Sherlock found he liked it all, the cottage, the sea, the silence, even the lack of crowds and thousands of people keeping his mind occupied with their buzzing. He despised the forest, hated every aspect of it, but to his surprise everything else that had seemed barely tolerable at first gradually transformed into something enjoyable – comforting even – with each passing week. Unusual though it was, the forest ended right by the sea with only a small edge of rocks separating the green from the blue. He often found himself standing on the rocky beach, looking at the sea with the forest securely behind his back.
When he returns to the table, Sherlock has somehow managed to upset the yoghurt so that it’s now dripping down his wrist. Eyes glued to the newspaper, Sherlock moves the licks from plastic to skin.
Mycroft arrives on the next flight, leaves his governmental duties and takes the chance of the ruse being discovered in order to let his brother cry against his stark white shirt.
He is still as calm and collected as before, but Sherlock can see the tremor in the hand of his reflection. He clenches the handle of his umbrella tighter but it doesn’t help.
“You’ll never get rid of me, Sherlock! I’ll always be there!” Jim bellows from the other side of the doors.
“What was that about, Jim?” Sherlock asks as they make their way towards the pay phone, a Jaguar suddenly having appeared across the road, another faceless man standing next to it with keys in his hand.
During the day, the nightmares never entered his mind. Only when the sun set and darkness enveloped the small cottage, they rushed back and he lay awake in his bed long after Sherlock had fallen asleep.
“Now,” John rests his arm on Sherlock’s shoulder, “you say you believe me. That you trust me. But the part that you don’t know, is if I want to marry you.”
“What,” John says slowly, taking his hands out from his coat pockets, “would you like me,” he pulls the coat open, “to make him say… next?”
He felt slightly better with the gun safely back in the holster. He took another sip from his cup, the coffee still hot without any milk in it to cool it down.
“I believe that’s what friends do, show affection to each other through physical contact.” Sherlock rolls his shoulder blades and rubs against the foot. “Keep going,” he encourages.
him again. The desperation is gone, replaced by insistence and need but he is still as gentle as before and pushes against John with the caution of a lover. But what really makes John feel like he is going to break from the gentleness of it is that now the constant repetition of his name is surrounded by endearments muttered into his bad shoulder.
He peeked at John through the steam. The mug was back in his hands, warming them in the cool sea breeze. He was dressed in his trousers and a warm long-sleeved shirt. He had a gun securely holstered over his hip.
Perhaps, Sherlock thought, he should not be surprised. After all, he himself had not done any of this either, but then again, that’s what
Lestrade leaves John with an apology and steps next to Sherlock, who sighs deep in relief when the smell of Harris’ awful aftershave moves away from him.
The man sitting by the desk in the room lifts his eyes from the exam papers, realises who has appeared in his doorway and freezes.
“Bollocks. I’ve seen you. Covering your yawns when we’re watching Bond. Or itching to look at your phone when we’re having a pint with my friends.”
“You still living on Baker Street, then?” Lestrade asks as he clicks shut his briefcase at the end of the day and leads John out of his office.
He picked up the book and turned the page, lost in thought, sucking on the last inches of his cigarette.
As always, his mother had invited the better part of twenty aunts, uncles, cousins, and acquaintances to eat and enjoy a toddy or two she herself favoured during the cold December evenings. She also took the chance to impress her sisters and friends by the quantity and quality of her dinner table and succeeded every year.
John drags the covers from under Sherlock and drapes them over him. He feels his forehead and Sherlock whimpers.
Sherlock is feeling slightly feverish, or maybe that’s just the spinning realisation that three years of hunting is over and he can once again start to think about the one place he has not allowed himself to think in three years, where the one person he has not stopped thinking about for a second is still sitting in his armchair, doing the crossword puzzle and drinking his tea.
“No, it can’t. Not if it is inside my pants. I will not cook you an omelette with your hand caresssss--!”
“So this is your Jack the Ripper?” he inspects the grimy crime scene photo. “Why do you work yourself to death over something they’ve tried to solve for years? Your brother forcing you?”
“Apparently not,” Sherlock retorts and shoots daggers at the old lady, who retreats quickly and patters down the stairs to her flat. John stays still, peeking into the flat under Sherlock’s outstretched arm.
Two months later John has all but moved back to his old room upstairs. Two months later, and Sherlock barely speaks a word to him or anyone else if it doesn’t have to do with the case. Two months later, and they haven’t touched each other for so long the John in Sherlock’s mind has turned into a pulp that slithers and creeps on the walls of the rooms and speaks unintelligibly in a tone that barely resembles the way John used to speak to him before. Two months later, and his desire for John gets so intense he tastes it, inky in his mouth, and it makes him gag.
“Every action has an equal and opposite reaction. My lack of social graces will make me blurt out something stupid and you will reply with physical violence, more or less. Tit for tat,” Sherlock straightens his posture slightly.
“Like you said, working people up. I rather like being affectionate with you in public since it has twofold advantage while doing it at home only has the one. Don’t worry! A while more and I’ll stroll over there, take a look at the corpse and dazzle everyone with my magical deduction abilities, and then we can go home and start the nursing.”
It’s fantastic, it’s brilliant, it’s glorious. It’s heat and moisture and starlight and a volcano erupting all at once, and he whimpers when John stops kissing him and starts talking instead.
John kisses her forehead and shakes Josh’s hand. Sherlock keeps rocking the sleeping baby-Lucy until she wakes up with a slight squirm, opens her eyes and stares at him with her deep dark eyes.
Now he goes face down to the pillows, smells Irene and doesn’t think about his mother at all, dismissing the memory with a metaphorical flick of his wrist. Now, he will smell the perfume, remember Irene Adler, the woman of women, The Woman, and her warm wrist and the smile she gave him when he turned up to cut off the heads of her monsters.
The newest emotion is something he can’t quite decipher: it’s a mixture of hunger and perhaps a hint of the friendly tenderness but now there’s nothing funny about the way Sherlock swipes his tongue over his lips, nor is John amazed by anything else than the insistent flutter in his belly.
“--- but no, not everyone can do what you do when I’m having a rotten day,” John pinches Sherlock’s earlobe so that he winces.
Several people are. John peaking at the book, careful not to breathe so as to not do any harm to the priceless item and with his back slightly bent to emphasise how well the jacket hugs his form, is a sight and as men and women pass him in the hall their eyes linger on the same spots Sherlock’s were moments before. Sherlock gives them each a furious glare, some of them already too intoxicated to pay any mind to him, the Freak of the Yard, but some scuttle away with a frightened look.
They don’t see each other until the next evening when John comes home and goes straight upstairs to his room, emerging fifteen minutes later wearing a pressed shirt, a suit jacket and some hideous cologne.
He walks over the soft grass, away from the large brick building behind him. The orderly following close behind does not disturb his peace, not even the restraints on his wrists can break the slight chance of happiness he feels when the sun shines brightly from the cloudless sky and warms his whole body.
The images are too much. He gives up, bollocks to this whole swimming thing anyways, and opens his eyes. John looks down at him with his eyes full of concern. Has he said something? Whimpered without realising it?
“Don’t be silly,” Moriarty says. “Someone else is holding the riffle. I don’t like getting my hands dirty.”
It is a wonderful case. Full of interesting witnesses, a 20-year-old murder, a dark moor and a monster of a dog Sherlock does not believe exists at first. He has trained himself only to believe in what he sees and not to let feelings interfere with his work.
“I... I needed to hear it. I needed to know that someone could actually be my friend. Someone… real.”
His hair has grown over its military cut again, a trim long overdue, and Sherlock couldn’t be happier. It makes John look even softer and at the same time more powerful than with the standard soldier’s haircut he only keeps for convenience’s sake.
Sherlock is like a sack of potatoes lying on his stomach but John succeeds in manoeuvring him on his back, opening his trousers and shirt and dragging everything off. He manhandles Sherlock back on his stomach so he can get to the edge of the duvet and drape it over the shivering form.
“This is not a clever crime, Sherlock,” Doctor Mortimer says gently. “This is your life, you cannot catch the illness like a criminal and lock it in jail.”
“Sherlock,” John whispers gently though he realises Sherlock can’t possibly hear him. He was so close to the explosion, so close to Perkins going to bits that his ears must be ringing.
“I’ll buy you a pair,” John promises. “Mine won’t fit you. We don’t want you arrested for public indecency when the trunks float away in the middle of a lap.”
“Yes, I did,” his brother replied, taking back the folder which had stayed untouched on the table, “but our mother raised me better than to just order my baby brother to do as I want without explaining his options to him.”
Doctor Mortimer leans in over the table, armed with the calmness of a psychiatrist and her 20 years of experience of speaking in hushed tones.
“This has got to be an eight, at least?” John encourages. “A man killed on a marooned field by a single blow to the back of the head from a blunt instrument which then magically disappeared along with the killer.”
John, on his rotation that night, is cleaning his hands, his own gentle and soothing, wrapping bandages expertly around Sherlock’s torn flesh. He has been practicing for years, studying in the same brightly lit halls where Sherlock sat and listened to lectures on organic chemistry.
“My employer has gone through several records of the finest military individuals currently in the employment of the army, but by a personal recommendation he was directed towards you and having read your file he has agreed that you would be the best man for the job.”
Sherlock gasps and cries out and falls back to sleep, a few tears falling from his eyes and rolling down John’s chest.
But with each passing day the war seemed to move further away from his thoughts. Each day he took another step towards the living and forgot the dead, remembered where he was and what he was supposed to do. Little by little, he adapted Sherlock’s neutral tone towards everything but their assignment and saw everything else as something he could not affect. Now, he let others bury the dead and allowed himself to forget.
Harriet runs to them, stops to stand in front of Sherlock for a moment, then runs off giggling again.
He’d only remembered he couldn’t swim when John had asked him. And he thought that if John was there when he went under, it wouldn’t be too bad.
The night-bus drivers are a particular favourite of his. He used to love busses. Now he favours cabs.
Sherlock looks round manically, at Jim humming to himself in the corner, at Harriet crying against her mother’s dress, John at the kitchen door, phone still in hand.
They step out into the brilliant sunshine and Sherlock sits on the stairs and reaches into one of his pockets.
Next to him, John sits crouched at the edge of Sherlock’s bed. He seems shrunken, small, smaller than when Sherlock saw him last, saying he was ill, begging him to realise it wasn’t real, any of it.
John turns the laptop screen to the muddy ground on the field filled with police tape and officers who are, once again, too incompetent to do anything themselves.
Little does he know that John is standing at their bedroom window, looking after him as he walks briskly down the street.
John prepared the tea, speaking all the while. He talked of mundane things, nonsensical things, his voice quiet and pondering, as if he was not used to the silence around them.
He kisses John’s hands, thinks he can hear the thrumming of blood inside the veins, and he couldn’t be happier. He has been allowed to stay by John’s side long enough to see his hands change from smooth, steady surgeon’s hands to soft, veined ones of an old man whose eyes glimmer with happiness because of what
The clock on the wall struck five, and still John moved his hands over Sherlock’s skin, talking quietly to himself, eyes bright and focused.
The next day John went back to the forest, leaving Sherlock standing in the middle of the room, unsure how to continue his search.
“I left you with no other choice. You had to do what you thought was right. It’s my fault. I left you alone, and I’m so sorry for that.”
Mycroft came to pick him up. He took the bus because Mummy and Daddy were always busy working and they had the car. On their way home, Mycroft held him in his lap and told him stories about London at night, things Sherlock would not see for years and years because he was too young to go out in the dark alone. They counted the traffic lights as they went by and Sherlock fell asleep to Mycroft’s voice.
The only readable piece of text was a sentence at the very end, perhaps written down right after John had been wounded and left to recover in a military hospital before being shipped back to England, perhaps right before his mother died or perhaps right after, perhaps during another event Sherlock knew nothing about.
He could fit his body so perfectly next to John’s. He could wrap himself around him, protect him from all sides.
“Mrs Hudson takes care of you,” John mumbles into the bath water, raising bubbles to the surface. He feels the hand on his stomach, fingers poking at his.
He was gone a quarter of an hour. Sherlock rummaged through his bag, the books by his bed, the linen and the mattress. Nothing. Not even a redacted letter from a family member or a loved one from the home front. On the second try on the bag, he found a journal full of complex shorthand hidden in the lining of the side pocket.
He takes the ashtray he stole from Buckingham Palace and throws it at the opposite wall. It collides with the bookshelf and breaks neatly in two. A few books, unbalanced on top of the others as they are, drop to the floor where Sherlock pounces at them and starts tearing pages off of them. He claws at the Penguin classic and gets it to pieces in no time, but the hardcover copy of
His usual group of admirers is surrounding him, Wilkes from Economics, Anderson from Chemistry and several others who Sherlock hasn’t bothered to memorise. They are eyeing a group of girls standing at the bar, though Anderson’s eyes wander off to the opposite corner where a curly-haired woman in a tight mini skirt is talking to another one in an even tighter skirt, both holding a pint.
John is about to say something but Sherlock beats him to it, kisses him fervently, water splashing all round them, John’s heartbeat still strong against his own now.
It’s his fault. He got to them through him. And once he is done with them, he’ll come after everyone he knows. After Lestrade, after Mrs Hudson.
John cracks open an eye he has closed during the few seconds of quiet and squeezed tighter shut when he heard Sherlock sprinting his way into the flat. Sherlock is standing in front of the sofa, staring down at John like he is the lost dodo, looking like he has only understood the importance of this discovery the minute he has found the extinct species in his sitting room.
“We are sitting ducks, waiting for a plane to pop up in the sky, fly over us and drop bombs on the nearest village. And while we wait, I sit in front of the radio and hope that someone will start tapping in not-yet-decoded German while you stalk around the woods like an elf with a shotgun.”
Sally Donovan is not happy to see him, but she doesn’t say anything. Just gives him an ugly stare as he walks past her work station to Lestrade’s office, and turns to speak to a colleague.
“Oh, let me guess, you’ll kill me,” Sherlock tries to sound disinterested, gun still steady as rock in his hand.
Then everything goes fuzzy. Behind the glass, John becomes double, one of them still pressing his hand on the window while the other squeezes his fist to his chest, piece of handkerchief poking out between forefinger and thumb. He may be crying, or maybe they are his own tears, filling his eyes and blocking everything out.
June brought the news of the gas chambers and the 700,000 people dead in Poland. Suddenly, the true horror of the war now so far out of their reach filled the little cottage.
Water droplets dripped down Sherlock’s neck and forehead, over his nose and into his mouth as John kissed him with a quiet breath of his name.
It was not the soldier in John, this sudden change in his mood. It was something more savage, more personal, not something a reasonable serving member of king and country would take to the battlefield.
John raised his hands apologetically and took the bedding from Sherlock. He stepped out, and Sherlock could hear him shaking the blanket forcefully. Tiny particles of dust flew in the sunlight and settled over John when he walked back in, without the bedding.
A hand on his shoulder. A young boy who worked at the radio closest to him pointing towards the door. The weight of his thin hand on his skin like iron.
John smacks his arm with the book. He is still looking at it lovingly, when Sherlock goes down on his knees with a rush of cloth and is suddenly very close.
At the edge of the forest, he stopped and listened. Further and further away, the voices of gunfire could still be heard, but now it was only one gun, only one man shooting blindly into the dark. And it was the sound of a rifle, not that of the small handgun John had for his only protection.
He hasn’t been in touch lately either. Sherlock inspects Irene’s letter, reads the words voraciously, starved for contact with his old friends. With John gone away for two weeks to visit his family in the north, the flat is quiet and deserted. Sherlock has noticed he has already begun to talk to himself in order to have
Murray appeared again and led him down the corridor to the sitting room. Realising his wife would not be happy to have her sofa soaking wet, he took John’s coat and draped it over a chair before sitting down.
One of Sherlock's earliest memories is of John Watson in dungarees, tottering across the playground towards him, eyes set in determination.
Mr Trevor stood at the end of the hall, his hands behind his back, leaning against the banister of the stairs with the same leisured ease he had been showing throughout the evening.
He doesn’t care. Let the whole car go the same way as the other one. He doesn’t want anything to do with it.
She finds John later in the sitting room, staring at the dozens of pictures of little curly-haired Sherlock pouting at the camera. The only picture with him smiling is surprisingly enough with Mycroft, the big brother supporting the younger on his shoulders in the garden under a huge apple tree with the fruit ripe and juicy and just out of the reach of Sherlock’s chubby fingers.
John has mouth full of curly hair. Nothing compared to ear full of tongue tracing the whorls and whispering obscenities involving the bed clothes in somewhere far more comfortable than hardwood floor as well as a whipping sound emitted by something more leathery than the cottony white sheets.
Only realising too late that its presence has most likely roused John’s suspicions of him possible being guilty of murder. So he assumes his fighting pose and snarls as he would to everyone else. John doesn’t even flinch but asks if people often assume he is the murderer.
As the driver takes care of the crowd, showing them something he pulls out of his pocket, speaking calmly the whole time, the two men hold Sherlock down and the woman, having been helped up by the third man who has given her a syringe from a medical bag, approaches Sherlock. She, too, is speaking calmly, giving orders to the men to steady his leg while assuring him that everything is going to be fine.
“Would it be completely out of bounds if I kissed you?” John asks, like he is talking to a shop clerk at Tesco’s looking for tomatoes.
“Victor Trevor,” the man introduced himself. Sherlock offered him neither his hand nor a generous expression which Mr Trevor did not seem to take too direly.
Turning to John to get his opinion on the gruesome puzzle in front of them, Sherlock is stunned to notice John is pulling his jacket tighter over himself, looking round like everyone at the crime scene suddenly has their eyes on him and that he would like to be swallowed by the dirty floor.
He turns back to the corpse, tries to wave away the flies and lowers his face towards the rotting foot. A slight breeze makes the newspapers piled near flutter and the noise grows. He turns around angrily to tell Anderson off, but it’s not him, it’s the blond man.
Sherlock looks up at him quickly, swiping his eyes over him and behind him to look through the window.
Back at Baker Street, John tosses his jacket over his chair and strolls round the flat like before. He turns round to look at Sherlock, is just about to say something when another pillow hits him in the face. In seconds, he is armed with the fleur-de-lis monstrosity, ready to continue the war after the abrupt interruption.
John sighed quietly, placed his wallet next to his bag on the bed and went to open the first box with canned peas and bully beef in it.
Even though John appreciated their thoughtfulness for his recovery (even though by the end of each visit he was pretty exhausted), he was also about to die from boredom by day three.
He is not supposed to look like that, John, his soldier. He is supposed to be brave and sturdy, hands steady in the most dangerous of situations, ready to patch up any physical or mental wound.
The next day on the train back to London, hiding behind his phone Sherlock peers at John’s sleeping form on the seat opposite. He is snoring lightly, head thrown back uncomfortably, but he is relaxed enough to sleep in public, trusting enough to have accepted the cup of horrendous tea Sherlock bought him on the train (and drinking it without pointedly inspecting the Styrofoam cup for possible signs of poisoning before taking a sip), comfortable enough to have giggled into his tea when Sherlock started deducing the other passengers in the carriage.
John rummaged in the cupboard for the bottle of whiskey. It burned and made Sherlock cough, the second swig going down more smoothly and settling as a warm weight in his stomach.
John comes home, still trying to decide what to tell Sherlock, clearly changing his mind even after he has planned to go with the lie of new identity and life in America but when Sherlock begs him for the empty shell of a phone, he places it gently in Sherlock’s palm and doesn’t say anything more but exits to hand the folder back to Mycroft.
afford to spare. The fact that our best code-breaker is coming along is only due to the current impregnability of the code, but the moment it is deciphered fully, we will be ready and they will not. If Sherlock were to stay here and the code had in fact been a scam and no attack was coming, all would be well. But if we have been scammed and an attack is to take place somewhere else, the consequences could be devastating. We need to have eyes and ears everywhere.”
Lestrade chuckles softly at the eager nods of the young officers, looking at Sherlock like he is the second coming. He turns to John, ready to tell what has happened before he arrived, but stops short at the sight of him. John’s eyes are gleaming, he swallows and draws in a shaky breath. Lestrade looks back to Sherlock, growing solemn with the sudden rush of memories of the same voice insulting everyone around him without a pause.
They are silent throughout the drive, Sherlock only occasionally giving Jim instructions on where to turn. Jim had insisted he would drive, so Sherlock sits next to him and stares out of the window, trying not to think of everything that might go wrong.
He is desperate now, trying to start a row, but John’s voice is full of kindness and calm, like he is trying to pacify a child who wants to go to the theme park in the dead of winter.
Hair grows back and wounds heal, the ones of the soul perhaps slower than those of the body but they still do. Sherlock’s soft curls have long been in need of a good cut, and on a Tuesday he comes home with every strand in order, smelling strongly of rose water John knows his hairdresser ladles in after every trim.
He is clearly uncomfortable in his jumper and zips up his jacket to hide it. When Sherlock touches his hand to get his attention, John blushes crimson.
Their mother knew nothing nor did Victor’s mother. Year by year, Lady Eva became blinder and blinder to her son’s extravagances, letting him do as he pleased and closing her ears effectively from the rumours. She adored her son just as Sherlock’s mother adored hers, and both took active effort in ensuring their sons' happiness.
“If you have such trouble with your veins,” push and shove against Sherlock’s thighs, “go and sit in the chair and use the coffee table.”
) walked by, the woman stopped to look at the canned goods on the opposite side of the narrow aisle while the boy staid still with his eyes glued to a comic magazine.
not let go of them. The reason is obvious, of course. Letting go would result in John falling down, probably hurting himself, starting to cry and never wanting to be with Sherlock again.
He looks to the doorway where Harriet had just stood with Irene holding her against her, behind him where Jim had leaned against the wall, looking like all of this was just a show to entertain him.
Marlon Harris, the Chief Superintendent of the Metropolitan Police, is an elderly man who favours 80s large plastic glasses and combs his hair back to give himself a youthful look. All to emphasise his receding hairline.
John could see it, of course he could. He was a doctor and a soldier, he was used to identifying pain.
At that moment, the cab skidded to a halt by the doorstep of Sherlock’s flat. Cheeks deep red, his mind running amok, Sherlock stumbled out, only to have his coat tails caught in the door handle from where Mr Trevor untangled them, slower than was necessary, his fingers lingering on Sherlock’s wrist as he wished him good night.
Sherlock stood still in the middle of the room, the wire from the headphones stretching to its utmost, the vital radio equipment hanging at the edge of the table, almost falling to the floor.
Sherlock thinks of his brother, the cool and calm exterior, the coldness that seemingly lives in his heart. The warmth of his much larger hand in his, clutching at it securely until they have turned round the corner of the street and the noises of the school yard have died out. Then he would loosen his hold, but he would only release his hand to dig the key from his school bag, then take a hold of it again to lead Sherlock to the kitchen where their afternoon snack was waiting for them.
“There’s someone in the forest,” John whispered, unnecessarily, his voice like a scream in the silence.
Though it’s not a question, Sherlock nods. And right you are, John takes out two mugs instead of one, instead of telling Sherlock to get his own tea.
“John, you were my commanding officer. You know me better than anyone, and even though I am not allowed to discuss it, you know what I did after I was reassigned. You know who I worked for. This Holmes? I've never met him, but I've heard rumours. Of him and his brother.”
He stumbles back, falls over a pile of magazines and hits his head painfully against the metal of his armchair.
he must have become to do something like that. Sherlock freezes but Lestrade is there, red with anger, and he sends Anderson home on the spot, in front of everyone. Later John tells him that Lestrade has made an announcement in front of his team, saying that whoever has a problem with Sherlock or anything that comes with him, whether it be flesh and blood or a figment of his imagination, can close the door on their way out.
“Would you be needing an office?” he asks, wrinkles of laughter decorating his face right where Sherlock already knew a quarter of a decade ago they would be appearing after Victor had spent his best years chasing potential employers off with a stick, having established himself in a nice day job and gotten healthy and fat on the earthly goods provided by that job.
“Five. A bit small for reconnaissance, even for a detachment unit. I was worried there would be more, but I found where they came ashore and there was no sign of another boat.”
“Element of surprise. The code they have been using is something no one has been able to break before. We are one step ahead them.”
John had not bothered him with questions in the morning, though he must have heard him tossing and turning. Sherlock had learned he was not the sort of man to pry, keeping others’ secrets and in turn expecting them to keep his.
A sense of dread came over him. A sudden understanding of everything they had discussed in the past months, everything John had told him about himself, all of it seemingly personal, intimate fragments of detail that made up his life.
“Mrs Hudson did offer you your own cup,” John reminds him. “You wouldn’t have to scrunch your face into expressions it will stick into if you stopped stealing my tea.”
His skin is as smooth as ever, no scars or any signs that a bullet had almost gone through him, that there has been a larger quantity of blood and that someone as inexperienced as him has stitched it up.
The front door was open to the warm night. The birds had retired several hours ago, and because Sherlock was for once reading and not fiddling with his equipment, every sound from outside was distinctive and clear. Still, Sherlock had been so invested in his book and so determined not to pay his surroundings any mind that John was the first to hear the change in the forest.
Then there is Lestrade hopping up the stairs, informing him of what he already knows, that there is now a fourth suicide victim, there is something different about this one and finally he admits Sherlock is needed. He gets the case and suddenly it’s Christmas, gifts for all, and he leaves John in Mrs Hudson’s care whilst he dashes out to do what he does best.
, the key goes to the lock and the walls of the heart bounce open. He hands the phone to Mycroft and can’t look him in the eye. He calls him by the familial title, more of an apology than he can ever manage and stares into Irene’s tear-filled eyes.
“No, I laughed because I could imagine how you were at uni. Because it sounded exactly like you are today, except with zits. You pick out every detail and put them together to make a story of what your uni mates did the night before. It’s fantastic.”
“If you lovebirds don’t stop it right now, I’m gonna put you in separate cells with a lot less enjoyable company!”
Sherlock looks up, sees John and grows worried. Then he must realise it is a smile and not a frown on John’s lips and he gathers his notebook and magnifying glass one of the constables has been twiddling, says goodbye and starts down the path towards John, stretching his gangly legs as he goes to shake off the prickling feeling of having crouched down for so long.
So she still hasn’t given up, trying to make him leave Baker Street, stay away from the danger that is Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock has spent the night listening every creak coming from upstairs, waiting for the sound of nightmares.
Whose aim – thank god – was not too good to begin with and which had been reduced significantly by him being off his meds, out of breath and scared pantless by everything and everyone.
He doesn’t feel as victorious ten minutes later. The answer to the puzzle posted online, the phone rings instantly, the old woman screaming for help on the other end, suddenly describing the man who dictated to her,
There is a courier from the butcher’s waiting for them, Mrs Hudson staring in horror at the bags of butchered pig she is supposed to accept into her house. She throws her hands in the air and stomps back in, followed by profusely apologising John, while Sherlock stays to sign the delivery and watch over as the men carry what is left of the dead pig into their kitchen. Sherlock inspects the parcels with interest. The butcher has packed everything neatly in their own parcels, the innards and meat carefully labelled.
The next Wednesday was the coldest day of the winter. Mycroft and Mr Trevor arrived early, eagerly running up the icy steps to the Holmes’ door towards warmth and drinks. Having disappeared to the far end of the house to make sure every fireplace in every room had a roaring fire in them, Mrs Holmes was not there to receive them. So when she arrived to the sitting room where the guest was being offered an aperitif by the able butler, she was astonished to see her youngest son already there, engaged in discussion with Mr Trevor. Mycroft, it seemed, though standing securely by his associate’s elbow, could just as well have been in the Antarctic. The two were so deeply engaged in conversation that Mr Trevor only noticed his hostess when she had stood by his elbow clearing her throat for several minutes.
Standing on his wobbling feet, trying to hold his head up high, Sherlock meets the stare of the man leaning against the doorframe, a pondering look on his face, takes a step forward suddenly and blocks Sherlock’s way.
It had been easier that way, piece by piece. His jaw was sharper, his lips thinner, his nose more pronounced.
It takes Sherlock a second to hear the cabbie shout they’ve arrived, and when he does, he stumbles to open the door and let John in as fast as he can so he won’t get wet. John climbs in, accidentally sits on Sherlock’s hand, chuckles softly as he apologises. Sherlock’s cheeks go scarlet, he mutters the address to the cabbie and retreats to the opposite corner of the taxi.
Sherlock eyes John pace back and forth between Detective Inspector Dimmock’s desk and the closest door, his hands clenching into fists so that his nails make indentions on his palms.
“And in return,” he began, gritting every word from between his teeth like it physically hurt him to say them, “you would like me to spend an unknown amount of time in the middle of nowhere, looking at
He ran through the corridors, skidding to a halt at the door marked with an enamelled plate saying ‘Doctor Philip Albertson, MD.’ He breathed in quietly, willing the tremor in his hand to settle, then patted his hair down before knocking.
He turned around and walked inside. Sherlock heard him set his mug in the sink and begin to rummage around in the cupboards.
Lestrade, who has followed his gaze go from the people occupying the familiar place to the door now shut to him perhaps forever, slows down their pace to draw John’s attention to him.
“So you honestly never watched this when you were a child?” he asks after he has gathered himself enough to speak.
On her desk, her phone buzzes suddenly and she turns to look at it. The second she turns around, Sherlock jumps up from his chair, only to fall down on the rug.
“If you want. Or we could take a shortcut and you could just take your clothes off now since I’d beat you anyway.”
“My mother died last spring,” Sherlock continues. “My brother is the only family I have left, and I can’t stay with him. I refused any money he wanted to offer me, got a scholarship and came here. Oxford was terrible, too far away from everything, and I thought that in London I could feel part of something again. But sometimes I just
But John is calm and far from tears. He stares into Sherlock’s eyes, roots himself in them, making sure Sherlock knows he is not going to leave.
“Oh, shut up, you Grinch,” John says over his shoulder while trying to decorate the windows. “It smells nice, it smells of Christmas and I like it. You just have to tolerate it for a day and then we can get rid of it. You can eat the candies off it if that’ll make you feel better.”
Sherlock fell asleep in his chair, wrapped in one of the dusty blankets. His head drooping against his chest he began to mutter to himself. French, broken fragments of what could be Arabic dotting the sentences.
The immediate closest family friends turn out to be a hundred and thirty people, all lounging about for the whole of Saturday and Sunday on the lawn of a small hotel the Holmeses had reserved for their exclusive use. So while John is being questioned by his half-deaf nana, Sherlock is being harassed by his grand-mère, his aunt he hasn’t seen in 20 years, his banker cousin, his doctor cousin, and his second cousin who does something no one understands but makes a boatload of money doing it so he is allowed to harass as well.
After a night on the sofa clearly meant for just one but now occupied by a grown man with another very heavy one sleeping on top of him, no one is in the best of forms. Especially not an ex-soldier who trashes in his sleep and has a bad shoulder and a psychosomatic leg.
John came home and yelled again, but not for long and not very loud. Sherlock’s eyebrows grew back and he returned to Bart’s, only to find out that Molly (blushing and stammering) had been ordered (by John) to cut him off from anything more dangerous than a toenail for a month.
It was incomplete, a thought began but never properly finished. An abstract metaphor without the necessary parallel. While the rest of the book was full of cryptic code, this was something John had felt the need to write down in a language anyone who happened to find it could understand. It was almost like a cry for help, an aborted suicide note.
The noises quieten down and the man leans back in slightly. As he talks he rises to his toes, balancing up carefully, stretching his back, and Sherlock’s eyes scan over him.
John’s aim is getting weaker. He looks close to tears, shaking with spent energy and rage. Sherlock can’t bring himself to care, even though somewhere at the back of his head he really wants to, he wants so much to get up from the floor and take hold of John’s hand, stop him from breaking any more of his property and tell him he is sorry.
The next morning, John comes downstairs wearing a sleep-soft cotton shirt that exposes his clavicles and Sherlock catches a glimpse of the beginning of scar tissue on the left shoulder. John’s smile is soft and mushy, just like his hair that sticks up on the front and is flat on the back.
So exhilarating to see John smile in this kind of situation. For some reason smiling hurts a bit but not as much as Moriarty’s scream of joy from behind them, “Sorry, boys! I’m so
“Sherlock,” John breathes through his mouth, “please take that thing as far away from the house as possible.”
“It’s all right. It’s going to be all right. You just have to prove it to them. Go home, there’s a notebook with everything I’ve ever done for Jim written down. I can’t get any concrete evidence because what I’ve been doing for him has to have been done in silence with no contact that could be traced. But his number is there, in the notebook. Phone him. He says he works for the MI6 but it’s just a cover for his role as an operative. But he will help, he has to. I know things about him -“
Oh, he has crossed a line. Everyone is quiet, Anderson is staring at him in disgust, but John’s face kills him. It’s like he has disappointed him.
The visit has been a sort of Watson family reunion as well, their mother and father and some nameless relatives arriving all at once to comment on the state of Harry’s flat and the state of her health and the state of her now non-existent marriage and the state of her life in general, and she needed all the support she could get. Mrs Holmes, having listened to John’s apologies over the phone, had ensured him that he should be with his family and that their party would only be a minor event anyway, only the closest friends, only the immediate family.
When they come down, Sherlock’s eyes are clear and staring intently into John’s. He is not somewhere far away now but looking like there hasn’t been weeks of no contact at all, like they have been doing this on a regular basis, not just the two quick tumbles in the last seven hours. John suddenly feels like he is going to implode. Tears tickle in the corners of his eyes and he starts to giggle. He sniffles and smiles and blinks and laughs, all at the same time, while Sherlock nuzzles his neck and cheeks and mouth, planting kisses on every surface of skin he can get to, and John chuckles and sobs at the rough tickle of his four-day stubble.
Her son had harrumphed something awkwardly, clearly not wanting to let his family get involved with his associates, least of all his younger brother. He was not yet ready to let Sherlock into the circle of people who were an important part in ensuring the security of the nation.
This is how he wants to remember John. Taking care of their lives, the parts that actually make them meaningful, the things that make 221B a home instead of headquarters or storage for all of Sherlock's research material, thus making their lives a unity. He could empty the house of everything else but John and still have all the answers there.
Suddenly, Sherlock has an excuse to stay out of the flat and spend excessive amounts of time at the Yard tormenting Lestrade or at Bart’s tormenting Molly.
In the morning he woke feeling as if he had not slept at all and looked to his left to see Sherlock still buried under the covers, the blanket rising steadily with his breathing. He lay there for a while, appreciating the warmth and calm of the morning, stood up and made tea.
He did not dare sell at first, but little by little the rooms grew too big and the house became more and more like a haunted mansion and less and less the warm and happy home of his memories. In the end, the expenses of keeping it up became too great (he politely declined any offers of help from Harriet’s husband) and he was forced to sell. He moved to a small flat in East London from where he could commute to the military hospital he now worked at as more of a glorified nurse and busybody than a doctor. Unable to perform surgeries, prevented from administering or even prescribing medication, he spent his time doing the most menial tasks he could find, emptying bedpans, making the beds, supporting the men unable to move by themselves on their daily walks in the garden, anything, everything.
After two officers had driven him home, another one had arrived almost immediately and driven him back to Diogenes Club. Certain that he was to be dismissed, that someone more suitable had been found, he had stepped in Mr Holmes’s office with more determination than before, ready to defend his position in the operation.
Sherlock whistles. The queerest tunes imaginable, and only when he does the dishes. Sherlock doing housework is a miracle of its own, but the constant whistling that happens clearly without him acknowledging it stops John in his tracks every time he hears the kitchen tab being opened, the water flow and the crockery clink.
Sherlock’s return to Baker Street seems to stretch and stretch because of all the relatives that need to be said goodbye to (as he explains in the short text that has more typos John has ever seen in a text). It’s close to midnight when John finally hears the lock click downstairs, the door open and close slightly louder than necessary. and heavy footsteps making their way upstairs.
He would blush, that’s for sure. He always does when Sherlock suggests something he deems inappropriate.
“You’re not so bad,” she admits before she sits him down at the desk to take a look at the stolen email full of codes.
He runs outside in his shirt sleeves, goes to the butcher’s who owes him a favour, chooses one of the fattest sows hanging from the ceiling and begins to stab it with a harpoon, naming every internal organ he hits. In Latin and in Greek.
“And you brought in half the gutter with you,” John peeks over Sherlock’s shoulders to see the muddy footprints that decorate the stairs. Sherlock’s dress shoes are spoiled and his trousers are wet up to the knee.
They sat in silence, staring at the remains of Sherlock’s cigarette, smouldering still like it was gasping for breath, then finally burn out on the table. Mycroft started when his brother suddenly reached out and swept it on the floor so that the ashes scattered everywhere, including on his own suit. They both continued to stare as he brushed his jacket clean, straightened his cuffs and crossed his arms over his chest.
“No. I think you’re that particular when it comes to pork pie and when you haven’t eaten in two days.”
He remembers it all in the morning when he goes downstairs, only to see a flat empty of Sherlock. He takes out his phone to text him, to apologise, but just then the front door opens and footsteps pound upstairs. Sherlock, coat wet and hair tussled, doesn’t spare a glance at him but stomps to the bedroom and slams the door shut so that the nails shake in the hinges.
The next morning in the bathroom, Sherlock inspects the ugly pink pill between his fingers. He listens to John clink away with the dishes, thinks about how he hasn’t touched his bare skin in months, how he has almost forgotten how he tastes.
With each word, he sounded more defeated, though he was trying to hide his tone behind his posture, keeping his countenance neutral. But his eyes were once again downcast, glued to a spot on his desk.
His skin was warm and soft to the touch as he took Sherlock’s hand in his. The nails were smooth and evenly cut, not a hint of dirt under them.
He is confused at this sudden sound bubbling from John’s throat, the wrinkles of laughter replacing the wrinkles of worry round his eyes.
He turns his head to look at the magnificent fireplace, one of the few in the building still functioning, never meeting Victor’s eyes.
She was sleeping with the head of GC&CS, a small man with a giant ego and eager to boost it by slipping his hand under the skirt of every woman working under him.
Entranced, Sherlock stared at the spot where the fingers had been, his mother’s droning voice buried under the susurrus of his own thoughts, hopes of the hand resting on his with that same lingering touch.
Most of the audience has wrinkles of laughter around their eyes and stupid smiles on their faces, Lestrade and Donovan are shaking with laughter so much that the criminal, who the latter is holding by the shoulder, is shaking slightly as well while looking incredulous that the soaked doofus trotting about in the fountain is the man who apparently will make sure he spends at least a decade in prison.
Sherlock nodded and stepped forward to free himself from the grasp. John turned around to help the sergeant unload the car. The private, who had followed with the rest of the supplies, jumped out of his car and began to unpack with speed that was clearly meant only to impress his superior. Sherlock, who had been given charge of the keys, went to the hut and opened the door.
Sherlock hated it. He wanted John to speak to him like he had the night before, soft sighs of adoration, gasps of pleasure laced with his name.
He thinks he sounds like he is crying for mercy with the one phrase he alwaystries so hard to avoid.
So John went alone, promising not to go far and reminding him that he should know the surroundings as well. It could prove useful, Mycroft had said.
John tries to call out something of an answer and perhaps his muffled yell conveys some kind of understandable message to Mrs Holmes. Her steps tap away down the stairs and into the dining room where Mr Holmes and Mycroft, bowties already in place, are sitting with their knives and forks ready, napkins folded in the collars of their Christmas jumpers.
John, despite his chilly toes, feels content enough to close his eyes for a moment. He wakes up seven hours later with the morning sun shining into his eyes and a crick in his neck, Sherlock still drooling in his sleep and poking his nose into his crotch.
From then on it’s easy. Suddenly it is so simple to communicate with John about the case, test his abilities at deducing what is to come next and no one is more surprised than Sherlock when he pulls on his coat and invites John to follow him to Angelo’s, sit down at the table by the window and begin what could be a long evening spent waiting for a possible murderer to arrive.
He almost tears the pocket of his dressing gown in two as he fishes the phone out and types in the four digits.
Mycroft Holmes, sitting at his vast oak desk in his vaster than vast office in the secluded stomach of the Houses of Parliament, would have given anything if he could have avoided this meeting, if only to make his brother hate him less.
The map of Westminster flashes in front of his eyes, full of dead ends, traffic lights, zebra crossings, alternative routes.
He hated being watched. He hated being the centre of attention. He hated the small sounds the forest was full of, sounds like whispers that did not stop when he turned to look but only seemed to move closer with every step he took.
“What does it feel like, to have an itch you can’t scratch? When you got nothing to do to feel alive? Like I do. Have you ever tried it, Mister Holmes? Killing someone? Oh, it makes you feel so alive. Better than any narcotics, I’d say.”
He is not mocking, only smiling. Encouraging. It takes a moment for Sherlock to remember what one usually says in situations like this.
DI Lestrade, who had sensed the tension between them the moment he had brought Sherlock in, had wisely stepped out moments earlier. He knew, of course. No sensible police officer would even consider attaching a civilian to his cases if they didn't know everything about their history. Sherlock’s colourful one had been forgiven mainly based on his own prowess as a calculating machine, partly thanks to Mycroft whose ability to appear where he wasn't needed had finally proven useful when he had walked in and given his personal guarantee that Sherlock would not now or ever again fall victim to any illegal substances.
A soft bang startles him and makes him raise his head again. John is standing in the doorway, leaning against the frame, he looks at Sherlock like he did the first time he came to see him on Baker Street.
Sherlock is not looking, but from the silence and shuffling of clothes he knows that Jim has pulled on a shirt and turned to look at him. He hears him toss the towel over his head and rub his hair.
Moriarty is laughing, cheering at John who turns his head awaydisgusted when he looks at him over his shoulder.
Sherlock hears about this later and hopes it’s a good sign. If John can forgive Mycroft for selling Sherlock’s life story to Moriarty, maybe he can forgive Sherlock for faking his death as well.
He is absorbed in the game at this point, too giddy to see anything else, too happy that he is doing experiments again, but somewhere at the back of his head he feels ill, hates himself for doing this to John. He has to remind himself there is no one else. He can’t test the sugar on Henry, he’s already seen the hound, has probably been exposed to the sugar for years. And this would break him, darkened room, nowhere to hide from your childhood nightmare.
It had been so long since he had dared even to glance at his reflection, terrified of his own expression. Every mirror in his flat had been smashed to pieces long ago, every window covered with thick curtains. Even the gleaming silverware his mother had given him one Christmas had been securely stored and locked away in crates.
He doesn’t know how much of it he says out loud. He is never going to ask. And John doesn’t mention it either. That’s the second time he has seen Sherlock laid out all bare and sore and he has only wanted to comfort him on both occasions.
It’s not important, not now, and when he runs into the darkness of the alleys and back to Baker Street with John on his heels, he feels the sense of contentment stay at the bottom of his stomach.
John’s anger face is the same as his musing face and already Sherlock is tuning in on the difference between the two. This one is definitely not John pondering on the fate of Jennifer Wilson, and Sherlock can’t bear to look at it.
From then on, Sherlock is ferocious, snapping at John about everything he can think of until one night he actually stomps to the bedroom and opens the door with a bang, screaming at John that he is breathing too loudly.
John was lying in a bed with breathing tubes in his nose. John was full of pain meds. John was in hospital. John was shot, and Sherlock was very, very angry.
At dawn, they lie on Sherlock’s bed, limbs hanging over the sides, ear to ear, staring at the ceiling.
“You would only mutter to yourself anyway,” John sits down on the edge of the sofa and feels Sherlock’s throat.
It is quite cold in the sitting room. The broken windows letting in cold breeze from outside would be enough to freeze Sherlock to the bone even without John's icy mood to accompany it.
And when he falls asleep in an actual bed, Sherlock is never far behind. Nor is he far away when he wakes up.
Jim looks at him with a bored expression on his face, like he thinks Sherlock is a pathetic waste of time. He crouches down to inspect him more closely. Sherlock flinches away from him, but winces at the pain.
He looks at Molly, and suddenly it’s like staring into a mirror. She looks exactly like he feels every time John is angry, tired, going out of the door with a bang.
“Do you know what will happen to you, Sherlock, if you don’t lay off?” Moriarty continues the conversation.
John eyes the table like it could give him the answer. Clearly it can, because he turns to Sherlock with a pondering sigh.
He phones Jim, who has left a message on his answering machine, only has a few seconds to catch the rushed voice on the other end, a whispered address and then a click as Jim hangs up.
Then there’s the familiar binging of his phone and he is grabbing his coat and walking towards the roof where Moriarty is waiting for him.
John stood quiet in the dark, waiting, listening, staring into the pitch black forest, his gun raised, every muscle in his body tense.
Puffing a gasp of air against the shell, he retreated slightly in order to peer into Sherlock’s eyes.
Sherlock sniffed. It was ridiculous that the man had held onto his winter gear. Idiotic sentiment for an institution that clearly cared nothing about him anymore. Mycroft had been very pleased, for Watson’s sentiment helped with the tight schedule they were on. Buying clothes for Sherlock was a nightmare, unless they were shopping for well-tailored trousers and expensive suit jackets from Savile Row. Having the other half of the operation already ready and in working order lighted up a childish petulance in Sherlock akin to fear of being left behind. So, he agreed to similar gear bought in a bulk just to have the business over and done with.
Three minutes to midnight he picks the lock on the front door, steps inside, leaves his coat in one of the dressing rooms and opens the door leading to the pool area, pausing to scan the vast room before stepping in slowly.
He had no reason to whisper anymore, no bad guys to hear him and it would indeed have been very nice to let Lestrade know where they were so they could
“There are not many who can see the artfulness in the bloody executions of the innocent, and that is precisely why so many of the serial killers of our time go unnoticed and unpunished. You have to think like they do to be able to catch them.”
! I have never struggled so much, because I wanted to make it so good and confrontation scenes are always so bloody difficult.
No need for that really. Sally Donovan comes in, hands Sherlock a phone and another stolen voice on the other end informs him that they’re on the right track.
He looks so much like their father did at his age. If the black and white photos are anything to go by. But Sherlock is sure Mycroft even has his hair.
It doesn’t take too long. Just long enough for John to begin a conversation Sherlock has certainly not expected.
Escaping the evening before was no use either. For one, he would have to find a place to stay for the night
Policeman, mail man, Jehovah’s Witness. He feels like a child in a costume shop choosing an outfit for Halloween.
Everything about him speaks of lack of sex, romance, any social contact, but not because he looks unattractive. Quite the contrary.
“This is my crime scene, do you hear? You will do as I say and you won’t steal any evidence, understood?”
“Did you like it, the little glimpse I’ve given you of what I’ve got going on in the big bad world? It’s my specialty. Crime. Like yours is fighting against it, the brave little hero that you are.”
“There’s several kinds of loving,” he says in Sherlock’s ear, “and for now it’s the nanny kind: soup, thermometer, more bedtime stories and herbal tea. But I promise to give you the best kind when you are physically in shape to actually take it.”
She reaches out her hand to grab the collar from around his neck. He smells her perfume, categorises the fragrance and saves it on his hard drive.
Sherlock stood still, barely breathing, sure that the beating of his heart could be heard from miles away by anyone in the forest.
Mycroft had pulled strings again and provided John with a private room, and so Sherlock was able to do what he did at home and put up one of his Walls of Horrors, provided that he covered the more gory pictures with a large whiteboard every time one of the hospital staff came in.
The nurse left with a wink, and Sherlock sat down on the bed. He watched John eat the soup, then dug his finger into it to have a taste.
“Do not call them schemes, please, Sherlock,” his brother sighed on an evening when they were both visiting their mother.
John is no different from him. Even with kidnapped children on the agenda, his thoughts are first and foremost on Sherlock, his hands showing all the emotions that go through him the moment Sally opens her mouth and release when they leave the flat.
The prey was gone. A wild beast opened its maw, rows of gleaming teeth flashed and a scarlet tongue stuck out in a hiss.
Everyone tells Sherlock calmly that rules are rules and that he cannot sneak in when he likes. After the fifth time the nurse finds Sherlock in John’s bed, they decide bending the rules a little never hurt anyone and arrange a bed next to John’s for Sherlock to sleep in.
He smiled endearingly at Sherlock, touched the now sleeping child’s hand gently and followed the dinner call to the dining room.
Sherlock decides he will never get a broken heart, not if it is that awful. He cannot understand that falling in love could cause something like it, not if it can make you feel as happy as his love towards John makes him.
Sherlock crouches over the corpse with a slight grunt, flicks open his magnifying glass and begins to inspect the interesting looking fibres on the victim’s shoulders.
Sherlock swallows, and she sees it, looks at his Adam’s apple pop. She steps lightly to the bed, stops between Sherlock’s legs and pushes her hands against the fabric still covering his shoulders.
“Holmes will give you further details. He’ll tell you how to contact me, but just so you know, all messages will be intercepted and examined by government officials. So nothing out of line. Just let me know how you are getting along.”
He had turned and walked out while Mycroft stayed to give instructions on moving their mother to the morgue and arranging a funeral home to come pick her up.
Waiting for the final pip to arrive in his voicemail is exhausting. They return to Baker Street to be more comfortable but the cold air breezing in between the cardboard that has been used to temporarily fix the broken windows make Sherlock feel alert and soon enough he is climbing up the walls in his frustration. John sits him down in his chair and shoves the remote control at him. In a few minutes, he is regretting this when Sherlock finds an inane late night talk show and begins to scream at the telly.
He looks a lot less like an old balloon when Sherlock emerges from his room half an hour later. He is standing in the middle of the sitting room, hands in pockets, storm clouds almost visible above his head.
It’s amazing how his fighting instincts are dulled by exhaustion and the absence of the battlefield with its constant shouting and screaming. Sherlock runs his fingers over John’s neck and temples for several idle minutes, not daring to reach for the notch that is still buried under shirt and cardigan.
Jim looks directly at him this time, that bottomless expression flashing in his eyes again, and is gone.
He has reached his one-year mark a mere week earlier, and hopes dearly that John will do the math and figure out how long Sherlock had actually sat on the floor of his flat after he had stormed out before seeking professional and filial help.
He glances at his phone. The battery is close to dying. John had phoned the previous day, informing him they’d be going on a camping trip and there would be no cellular service.
“I meant maybe you could offer me one. John still doesn’t allow me to smoke even though it’s now been scientifically proven I am mad.”
John looks like he has been crying again, but Mycroft is his usual cold self, standing in attention in the middle of the room, claiming the whole space to himself, taking charge.
He stays focused on him as the people lay him down, fuzz around him, attach him to things, poke him with things, tie him to things.
He orders John to read out the email address from Jennifer Wilson’s suitcase, types it and R-a-c-h-e-l in with dramatic taps of the keyboard and opens a map of London with a red dot indicating the location of the missing phone Jennifer Wilson in all her cleverness planted on the murderer when he wasn’t looking.
“Just solve this one fast so we can go home and you can start nursing me back to health,” comes a mutter from underneath the scarf.
John smacked the back of his head gently and yawned, then winced. His shoulder clearly hurt after sleeping so uncomfortably, but he didn’t say anything. Sherlock stopped counting Lestrades and stood up.
The man stands a fair distance away, weight on his right leg, hands in his pockets, clearly enjoying every moment.
He is still walking on egg shells around John, minding everything he says and does, never even toeing the fine line of balance they have achieved.
“You. But let’s not talk here,” she points at a car standing waiting at the kerb, its engine humming quietly, inconspicuously.
“Lestrade sent his dogsbody to see how I’m doing? Lovely. Well, I’m sure nobody missed me. You can go back, errand boy, and tell him I’m fine, not on any drugs and almost solved the case.”
“There is nothing for me there now,” he had said. His mother had been the last of his family and, if Natalie was willing, she could be that to him from now on.
John looks at the notebook again and touches his finger on the leather gently. He picks the book up and leafs through it, presses it to his nose and says shyly,
Mr Trevor opened the window, shoving at it with both hands while his legs stayed tangled around a sturdy branch of the elm growing under Sherlock’s window. His grin grew wider as Sherlock turned on the lamp by his bed and gathered the blankets closer to cover his body.
“You never call them Krauts,” Sherlock said. “You only speak of them as ‘the Germans’ or ‘soldiers’. You never even say ‘enemy’.”
He scowls when John begins to collect his limbs and shuffle away. He starts towards the bathroom, Sherlock behind him like a shadow.
“Doctor Watson,” she panted, “there is a man --- goodness, where are you taking those linen? You should let one of the nurses take care of them! --- a man in Doctor Albertson’s office waiting for you --- give them to me, sir --- and wishes to speak to you urgently.”
By late afternoon, Sherlock’s voice has gone hoarse and every drop of energy has drained out of him. He is lying on the bed with his arm slung over the edge.
John picks up his newspaper and returns to the sports section. His toes keep wondering up and down Sherlock’s back, finding where the man tickles and where he is tense.
“You really think I care about that?” he asked. “You really think so little of me? That I would judge someone because of who they love?”
“I’m glad no one saw that. You, taking my clothes off in a darkened swimming pool. People might talk.”
Sherlock taps the bonnet where the blonde hairs are clearly visible in the blaring lights of the car.
Sherlock lowered the book, staring out to the sea. A pair of seagulls flew above the waves, one of them sweeping around the other, attacking it with its beak wide open. Clearly the other had something it desperately wanted for itself.
Pharyngitis takes its time, keeping Sherlock’s throat inflamed and the man himself unable to speak. For days, it’s like living with a sick toddler craving for attention and entertainment. Sherlock stays close to John the whole time, climbs on top of him or next to him every time he sits or lies down and sleeps with his head buried in his stomach every night.
She looks vulnerable, like all the pain in the world has been poured over her, and yet her eyes blaze with strength at the same time, strength that comes from knowing what you do is right even though it may hurt.
So he holds on for dear life until John lifts his head, finally trusting his feet enough to look somewhere else than at his Power Rangers sneakers, and that something just happens to be Sherlock’s eyes. A camera clicks and Sherlock blinks. He and John’s mothers are standing not far away from them, both holding cameras, giggling and cooing into their palms, both clearly very happy about something.
But the youngest was Sherlock’s pet, and he the only one she allowed near herself apart from her mother.
At that moment, Louise Mortimer walks in and orders herself a glass of white. Henry’s therapist. Henry’s very attractive therapist.
Like on automatic, his hand goes to his pocket and pulls out the gun. Blood drains from John’s face and he turns off the phone and puts it on the table, backing away from it, raising his hands.
After a decade of marriage they had four children and were about to embark on their first tour through Europe since 1927 in order to retrace the steps they had taken ten years earlier. The children, each of whom had inherited their father’s aquiline nose, were ecstatic about the future trip and spent the Christmas dinner running around the house telling everyone they met about it.
The baby is due on 12th of August and for the whole spring and the blazing hot summer Sherlock goes to Bart’s every day to make sure Molly drinks enough, rests enough and gets home safe.
He puts his hands into his pockets to cover them from the north breeze when a rustle of footsteps make him prick his ears. Sherlock stands behind him and slides his hand into John’s jacket pockets as well.
He is the epitome of home and safety, but at the moment he is nowhere near safe here on Baker Street. With Sherlock.
He tries to look busy and deep in thought while John sways at the door without saying a word and eventually climbs up the stairs to his room.
Sherlock had seen his chance and taken the opportunity to use John’s moment of sniffing to grasp his arms and was now trying to bend him back down on the cot.
Molly looks like she is about to burst into tears, cheeks red with embarrassment. John’s face is crimson too, only with anger. He looks like he will explode.
Sherlock should have known the nightmares would be worse now. John had eluded sleep for days, staring in front of him with glassy eyes, his gun by his side at all times, never asleep, never quite awake.
They are so close. Sherlock feels John’s heartbeat against his own. That blessed heartbeat that could have stopped at a similar pool only six months ago.
He jumps up and pulls at his arm until Sherlock relents and stands up as well. Jim takes his shoes from the ground and presses them in his hands, waits for him to push them to his feet then claps his arm around his neck and leads him out.
He is dressed in a suit, expensive one at that, with a hideous decorative tie and a flower in his buttonhole. He smells clean and musky, mixture of soaps and cologne, a hint of steak dinner he has finished by tapping his mouth against the handkerchief poking from his breast pocket.
“Whatever it is, let me help. If it’s worse than usual, at least don’t drive me away. We can go to Mycroft. We ---“
) stared at John standing in the doorway, squinting his eyes momentarily while he looked him up and down. Not a muscle moved in his body. He was still standing as stiff as before.
Always like that, always, always like Sherlock’s staring does not make him uncomfortable but interested in where it is he has gotten himself lost inside his over-sized brain again.
Five minutes later, a coded message about five lost German soldiers having been killed in Cornwall miles from where they had landed was sent out. It was intercepted by a young radio operator in Berlin and passed on to his superiors who deemed it undeserving of their time and threw it in the pile of reports informally marked as “Unimportant”.
Standing at the door, his coat dripping with rain, his face pale, his posture straight as an arrow, he looked decades older.
Diogenes Club is deserted at this time of night, but Mycroft is in his office, reading documents that will destroy or salvage nations. He raises his gaze from the folder when Sherlock stumbles in without knocking, looking like a storm, red-eyed and shaking.
Victor continued to converse with the man, standing out in the open in his naked glory, something the old man seemed not to notice at all. Nothing much was said, and the man soon departed with his dog in the tow.
“We went to the zoo on a school trip when I was ten. Some of the boys cornered me by the wolf cages, climbed on the fence and threw me in.”
Sherlock stares at the sleek Mercedes from the gap between the blinds. A car backfires somewhere further down on the street and he jumps, making the blinds rattle.
“And tea,” Sherlock continues, pulling out a thermos from his other pocket, loosening the two cups attached to the top, offers one to the constable and keeps one to himself.
Weeks went by. John did all the housework, which seemed to suit him fine. Sherlock saw in him the need to be useful in any way possible and was happy to straddle him with the washing, cleaning, cooking and all of the other chores he had never found too interesting. John chopped the wood, lit the fire and took care of the water pump which he used to pump rain water into a tank in the wall which in turn was attached to the faucet, providing them with clean water without the bother of carrying buckets. Sherlock followed every movement he made, the tasks he had always deemed irrelevant transformed in the way John carried them out, back straight as an arrow, an air of ease around him, whistling or humming occasionally.
John would do as his mother had done, sit by him and be ready to save him from any horrors that might threaten him. He took him by the elbow and led him to his bed. It was too short for him and his feet were dangling over the end, but the mattress was firm and smelt of John, like the fur hat he had stored away months ago but would wear again in a few months.
“Really, Sherlock? I’m actually having this conversation with you? You’re actually such a child that you have to have a fight over a
“You like the funny cases, don’t you? The surprising ones?” Lestrade asks him as he walks to his desk.
“I’ve always thought it was, taken that nothing I’ve ever found funny has been boring and everything I’ve found boring has not been funny,” Sherlock says, closing his notebook. “What do you think is the opposite of funny?”
“All I can do for you now is give you a friendly advice to go back to bed. You’re doing yourself no good walking about,” he looks down at Sherlock’s feet, “without any socks on. Jesus, Sherlock! It’s like you
In the horizon, the sun was going down, evening embracing him from all sides, November days becoming shorter and shorter, nights black and moonless because of the mist.
John still has nightmares about explosions and blood and sometimes Sherlock wakes up to his screams or to a silent thud when John falls off the bed. He never goes upstairs because it would be no use. John doesn’t like to talk of his memories, so Sherlock decides on making new ones. He goes to Lestrade every day if there are no other cases, just to get something, even a small one that will help John think of something other than bombs and bodies covered in sand and make him so exhausted he will sleep without nightmares.
Sherlock kept looking after the man and the dog wagging its tail happily, enjoying the perfect weather of the June afternoon, while its master kept on glancing over his shoulder at the couple by the pond.
“Perhaps you should shut up,” John blushes, hoping Sherlock won’t decide to steal the plate of biscuits he had planned to enjoy with his tea. They are the last of the box, they are his favourite, and Sherlock
He almost says it then. For a moment he is certain he can’t bring himself to stop his little brother from walking out without saying it. Remembers him, ten years old, too afraid to sleep alone because of the monsters under his bed and the ones in his classroom. And now another one lurking in the streets of his favourite city, his sanctuary and his home.
Lying in the room not unlike his own in his mother’s house – only bigger and with less clutter – at the crack of dawn, he wondered if anyone else in England woke up feeling the same kind of serenity and happiness he did. Lady Eva, the free spirit that she was, had given him the bedroom next to Victor’s, the room she herself had occupied until Victor became of age and which still had a little door connecting the rooms through which Victor, four years old and only getting used to sleeping on his own, would sneak into his mother’s bed to sleep next to her until dawn when he left as quietly as he had arrived.
His heart feels like it drops through his chest and onto the tiled floor. He staggers to stay upright and hold the gun steadily.
“Socks are evil,” Sherlock mumbles into the pillow. He has stolen one of John’s from his bed and refuses to let it go. It smells of John, it’s comforting. He also refuses to go back to bed because he is being a child and, like socks, sleep is evil. And John, the doctor and responsible adult that he is, will not join him to engage in any activities other than sleep.
As a reply to her inquiries about his health she only gets more silence and uglier sneers. Finally she turns to the one subject she knows Sherlock can’t keep quiet about. His
“Like you, I haven’t taken part in that kind of life in years. I only have one drug in my life now. And it’s not recreational.”
. His stomach sinks, but he tries to stare the men down and they walk away hurriedly when they realise they have been discovered.
“Not the most hygienic way to ask someone for their food,” John slid the bowl across the small table and handed the spoon to Sherlock, who gobbled up the soup while John finished his bread and the small salad. When he was done, he wiped his mouth and placed his hand on Sherlock’s knee.
It comes roaring back, magnified into a thousand suns that surround John and make him glow when he compliments his deductions.
Sherlock asks for his medical opinion, asks him to go interview Connie Prince’s brother, is proud of him when he comes up with his own solution to the murder, no matter how wrong he is. Elegant, but wrong.
But he could not understand the intensity of the dreams that came when John finally succumbed to sleep on the fifth night. Only when he heard John say his name in the throes of a nightmare he began to think of the people John had lost, friends and lovers, people of his past he never shared with Sherlock.
A wave of nausea gripped his stomach and he stopped to lean against a tree. Panting and gagging he retched over the moss, the stink of the bile forcing him to cover his nose. He breathed in, attempting to steady his breathing, trying to hear.
John has forgotten to comb it this morning, and when he brushes his arm against his forehead, the fringe sticks up with suds stuck to it.
“Is it my runny nose?” Sherlock sniffs. “That I sneeze on you in bed? Or have you never actually loved me?”
John rolls his eyes and sits down on the coffee table. Mycroft gets up to hand him the folder Sherlock has already refused. He tells about the case, about government official Andrew West and a memory stick full of official missile plans, but Sherlock is not listening. Instead he inspects John from the corner of his eye, pretends to concentrate on his violin, looks at John’s mouth move and make a joke (at which he snorts and smiles).
No shock blanket in sight, John has no choice but to take off his own jacket and drape it over Sherlock’s wet back. He curses his smaller form but Sherlock doesn’t seem to mind that the coat barely covers his shoulders as he buries himself up to his nose inside it and keeps on shivering.
of a metal bolt sliding into a lock, silence, and a second later the voices of their perpetrators filling the room.
Sherlock does shrink most of John’s jumpers (by accident) and makes amends by getting stuff for him for a week. Then he realizes John has started to use the sleep-rumbled shirt because it’s the only fitting jumper he still has and, more importantly, a two sizes too small one that has to be his favourite because it fits too tight on him to be exactly comfortable. Sherlock stops helping, he stops moving altogether and John has to snap his fingers in front of his face to get him back to the present.
“Lestrade,” John clarifies. “You relaxed the minute he stepped in. You practically leaned into him.”
After he had left her, she had concluded her travels, returned home and five weeks later opened her door to see her Georgie and what little possessions he had with him.
All in all, a Sherlock lying on top of one with his elbows poking into the other person's chest is not the most comfortable of things to feel first thing in the morning, but Sherlock is ill and John will humour him and let him stay where he is.
Slowly, quietly, Mycroft reaches towards him and lowers the pen and papers on the windowsill. He takes the pen and signs his name on the line without looking.
He moves his hand to his other side, strokes over his stomach and hips, twirls around in front of the mirror, looking for any blemishes on his skin.
When the silence becomes unbearable, he folds and looks at John. The softness of his eyes surprises him. He looks for all the world like he actually likes what he sees.
John Watson will be brief, swift, shorter than he is himself, he will leave in a fortnight and people will start their search again, friends will worry about him being lonely, Mycroft will worry about not being able to snoop into his business.
Sherlock is leaning in and saying something in John’s ear, while his fingers brush the lobe which is almost covered by the scarf. John flips Sherlock’s nose and kisses it for good measure.
It’s not far away now, the solution. It’s hidden somewhere in the seating order of a plane leaving from Heathrow that night, in Mycroft’s whispered confirmation on the phone, in
that. It was the pool and the chlorine and the snipers and the sniggering little Irish man saying he could stop John Watson like a clock if he wanted to.
It is not too bad, John admits, being naked under covers with a human radiator and having long violinist’s fingers stroking your hipbone. But when Sherlock’s toes go to his stomach, John exhales,
Sherlock had come to stand behind him, hovering over his shoulder as he put the rifle back together.
He knew now that too much was at stake at this point. There was no time to find another operative, and, as he had been told, he was the last hope.
Of course he looks. She is a beautiful woman and he is clearly attracted to them all. And they to him or they wouldn’t allow him to follow them home. Even Irene Adler measures him for a while, rakes him up and down and locks her eyes to his face before sitting down and offering them tea, concentration again securely on Sherlock.
“The victims, Sherlock!” John hollers. “The people who are threatened and strapped into bombs. There are lives at stake! Do you care about any of that?”
John won’t be home until next week, ample time to let the wound heal somewhat. He can always keep a shirt on or if absolutely necessary make up a story of a case he got from his website and had to go solve on his own.
“You bastard!” John screams and throws a glass at Sherlock’s head. It shatters and tiny crystals fly around the room. Sherlock barely has energy to duck, the only thing saving him the base instinct to protect his skull from foreign objects.
“I didn’t know how you take it, so I just thought something warm would be enough for now and we can dig into the sole carton of milk we have later,” John said apologetically.
“And he gave me 12 hours. I solved the case quickly and that gave me time to get on with other things. We’re one up on him!” he marches to Lestrade’s office.
“Just extra minutes to delete. 187,” Sherlock turns back to the tree, inspects the bark, scratches it again with his finger.
Some of them are yellow and crumbled, months, perhaps years old, some are newer, the latest begun only a few days ago.
John had never hunted. His father and uncle were both soldiers, not hunters, and his mother had taught him to respect every living thing equally. The birds and rabbits, the occasional fox, had maintained their distance like wildlife always did, some of them inspecting him curiously while others ignored him or ran away. He had never come across an animal so terrified of him that it could not move from its fear of him.
Sherlock tries to comfort him, look for words someone else might use in a similar situation. The only thing he can think of is John’s hand on his brow and he himself spasming under the after-effects of Irene Adler’s drug. John’s voice hushing him to sleep.
As the door upstairs clicks shut, the screen of the mobile lights up, informing him that he has one new text.
John blinks slowly, his jaw working uselessly. With all the oxygen seeming to have suddenly left the room he can’t even form words.
“We are expecting an attack from Germany soon,” he continued. “A major one. They will try and infiltrate the weakest part of the country. We have received messages...”
Mrs Holmes, having decided that eating alone was bad for one’s health and that the gloomy winter nights were passed more comfortably in company, had asked offhandedly who she should invite for supper now that no one was in town, the MacKellies visiting their son in Scotland, the Robertson’s bound indoors by the influenza, and Mrs Morris in her infinite and senile wisdom having deemed public events a personal offence against herself until spring.
“I’ve seen people blown to bits by IEDs. I’ve had to dig into the mess to pick up anything recognisable enough to be able to tell their families that their son or daughter has actually died. I’ve lost good friends to bombs.”
Then he hears John curse his leg and for some reason he comes back upstairs, thinking that at the very least this man cannot be as annoying as Anderson, and asks him to accompany him to the crime scene. He sees the pain in John but also the terrible longing for action, even violence lurking behind the sharp gaze and the protective military pose.
Sherlock wriggled under him. Very violently. Then he tried to free his arms by flexing his muscles, shaking his arms up, and with a last miserable attempt by trying to wrap his fingers around John’s wrists.
“Sherlock, you have been here for two days now. In all the conversations we have had, and I am not counting minutes ---“
When he next set off towards the woods, Sherlock followed him from the window, trying to determine where it was that John was able to observe him, but the darkness swallowed him instantly and Sherlock could not catch a glimpse of him before he was back in the sunlight again.
It’s going to haunt him, that voice. For a moment he hopes he would actually be dying so he wouldn’t have to hear it inside his head every second.
At first, the man’s presence had made him feel like a trapped mouse in front of a gang of hungry alley cats. Now the imminent threat had suddenly transformed into a deep feeling of uneasiness and embarrassment.
Gaining new courage from the handling of the sorest of the topics being over, he crossed his hands on the table and leaned in, adapting an almost conspiratorial tone with his next speech.
“Or someone brought a crate of mulled wine with them,” Sherlock added, realising too late that he had in fact opened his mouth and dropping his eyes to the floor again.
John finally tears his gaze away from the photograph of the latest victim’s bloody corpse to stare at Sherlock who is busy trying to look as if he has not been staring but leafing intently through a 20-year-old phone book he has dug up from one of the evidence boxes on the table.
Neither option seems to bother him at the moment. His eyes are hooded and his mouth is set into a sated happy smile.
He could not see them because of the tarpaulin covering the back of the car, but knowing that things so valuable to his work were packed back there with the rest made him uneasy. Anything could fall on them or crush them, and then he would be without any means of contacting the base or from detecting enemy planes. Which, to be quite honest, was not such a bad idea. Mycroft had seen right through him and warned him that if he dared so much as go near the equipment with anything sharp, metallic or something that spit fire, he would ensure that Sherlock would spend the rest of the war in Wales. But if the equipment were to be damaged by accident…
John swallowed audibly. A childish fear in him raised its head, urging him to drop everything and just run and hide.
John felt like he was on a family dinner where two of the participants had just had a massive row and were still letting out steam. He was reminded of their family dinners, his father and sister going at each other about football, literature, music, while he himself and his mother sat in their places trying to stifle their laughter.
Usually John’s laugh is like cotton candy, soft and sweet, and it still has that edge to it when he tries to hide his embarrassment behind a stern expression but there’s something so very far away in his chuckle.
Mrs Hudson watches John. She lets him stay at Baker Street for as long as she can afford. John does not accept the monthly contributions from Mycroft but always sends them back untouched. In the end, she doesn’t have to ask him to leave. He breaks the news himself and comforts her for going away, hugging her and promising to visit often. He does, and they never speak of Sherlock.
“Yeah, that’s going to sting in the morning,” John informed him, skimming his fingers over his scalp gently. “You will have a bump the size of a goose egg.”
John disappears to the kitchen and they listen to him click on the kettle and place cups on a tray. Lestrade tries not to look too hard at Sherlock, who takes the pills like they burn, places them on his tongue and gulps down the water.
When he moves all the papers in the sitting room and sits in his own chair in front of the fire, John doesn’t even glance at him and even looks like it’s the easiest thing in the world.
John was panting, the hit to the head finally kicking in and making him slightly nauseous after the tussle. Sherlock noticed this, his expression growing worried.
His face is the same as on a good crime scene, but his eyes tell John that he knows this is not a game and he won’t treat it as such.
The university café is full of students, drinking coffee and tea, eating hurried lunches before running off to lectures, chattering over laptops and notebooks, writing, reading, laughing, snorting, coughing. Living.
Without stopping to ponder whether his brother had taken to sleeping under the table in the radio room to be available to bark orders at him at all hours he ran to the door, grabbed the closest of the guns John had hung on the wall and stormed out.
to come,” John whined as Sherlock took his hand and lead him back towards the aisle of canned goods that was bound to include the damn jar of goose fat he had no idea why anyone would ever need.
His coat billows behind him in the wind, like a huge sail or a cape. He likes the feeling. It’s a secret pleasure of his, to close his eyes and pretend he is Superman, invincible and undamaged.
“Nil,” Victor emphasises with a stomp of his king against the board. ”You just sit in your dark room, fiddling round with papers older than your grandmother, trying to solve a case minds much brighter and more experienced than yours haven’t been able to solve, dreaming that your failure to perform here will be forgiven if you find someone whose victims are already rotten in the ground. My question is, Sherlock, what if you were not meant to play this game?”
The next time John went into the woods, Sherlock took the notebook from its pocket and copied everything down. After that, every private moment he had was spent translating the complicated shorthand. He tried every possible way to break the code he could think of, even dove into his books to remind himself of what he had forgotten. There was a pattern, he was sure of it. John was nothing if not meticulous, and there was a scribble on the top left of each page to indicate what had to be the date but not even those provided the necessary key.
He is. Sometimes alone, sometimes with Harriet. Sherlock turns round a corner and he is standing there, leaning against a wall, grinning alluringly, begins to approach him with an air of confidentiality but Sherlock walks past him without looking.
“And he is not unconscious or in a coma, as you know. He is only under anaesthesia and will wake up soon. You are here because of some very impressive friends who are very hard to say no to while under the strict understanding that you will maintain your calm so as not to disturb the other patients or your friend when he wakes up.”
Standing in the queue to the till, Sherlock was trying very hard to come up with a sex thing they were missing (
“No, thank God!” Victor chuckles. “But when she does, I’m sure you’ll be very charming and not pick her apart but give an interesting lecture on how you once found that body with the mouldy genitals.”
John appears with a pot of tea and three cups balanced on a tray. He lowers it down on the coffee table and goes back in the kitchen to get the cake Mrs Hudson baked the day before.
“Because you have sensitive veins, yes yes. You know, I could actually prescribe something for that. Perhaps then I could get the sofa to myself every once in a while.”
When John doesn’t move, he tries a bit of nastiness. It’s what John is expecting from him at this point, might as well go with it.
“Any problems, just let us know,” Sherlock hears John chirp to the Californian before he closes the taxi door.
“Ah, Friday! I can’t wait to get home and lift my feet up. I should be retired by now, but they’ll probably force me to go on until I die.”
But Lestrade keeps the case to himself and Sherlock gets another one, a stupider one, a very minor one that only takes a few hours at Bart’s to solve but gives him the satisfaction of being able to put his frustration into beating a corpse and picturing Anderson’s face on it. Molly, never too shocked about what he does with the corpses she provides him with, is suddenly standing next to him and chirps,
“I’m just going to the loo, Sherlock. Your cold foot has been playing toe tag with my bladder for god knows how long. If I don’t get up, I’m going to wet myself.”
Later that day, Sherlock learns from his mother that Mycroft is suffering from something called a broken heart. It means that he was in love with a girl who was not in love with him, which made Mycroft very sad. Sherlock asks his mother if he could take Mycroft to a heart doctor. Maybe they could fix his heart like the dentist does when your teeth have cavities. Or take it out, if it’s too broken. He knows dentists can also take teeth out. His grandmama had all of hers taken out and now has false teeth she pops out and back in to entertain him.
Broken syllables streaming from John while they wait for the paramedics wash the phone clear out of Sherlock’s mind.
The stairs creak, the front door opens and Sherlock is suddenly electrocuted back into the present, he stumbles down the stairs, bare feet slipping under the loose belt of his dressing gown and he has to hold the banister so he won’t fall down the last steps. John stares at him from the door, terrified of the sudden change in his husband, eyes round with surprise, when Sherlock stumbles the last few feet and to a halt in front of him. He doesn’t stop to take a breath before he glues his lips to John’s, muffled gasp of surprise a whiff of air on his face and John buries himself as deep against him as he can.
The rest was lost under the sudden quiet click of the door as John shut it behind himself. Sherlock turned around only to see his dark form descending the steps to the yard and run towards the forest.
– was still standing by the fireplace, now leaning against it leisurely, his eyes the exact opposite of his brother’s cold and blue stare which, like his voice, was like an icicle.
Suddenly John realised why he looked like he did not fit in the room. It was not the wild mess of curls that stuck up everywhere and fell over his forehead. Even with his hair slicked back like his brother’s, he would still have been an unfitting addition to the premises.
He stopped counting the tiles and walked to the cot. When Sherlock didn’t move, he nudged the arm that was hanging over the side with his knee.
The worst comes when he deduces Molly’s gift, just for laughs. He knows it has to be for someone special, and isn’t that what you are supposed to do, tease your friends for having a crush? He only hears the sting of his words when they die in his throat as he reads the card on the box.
He stops touching John, stops looking at him, hunting for exposed skin, but sulks on the sofa in his dressing gown and waits for a case. When one comes, Sherlock jumps up and drags John with him from wherever he happens to be at the time. He doesn’t even pay much attention to his actions until he notices that he hasn’t seen the date shoes in weeks and that they have been eating take away for five days now.
It pleased him that Victor found his flat so comfortable and was instantly at home. Unlike their families, he did not draw attention to things being “below their class” but took them in like they had always been a part of his life.
She doesn’t look irritated or disappointed, only neutral and calm as she pushes him against the bed, his legs dangling over the edge, and climbs to sit astride over his hips. Her hand goes to the pocket of her dressing gown and draws out a square tin wrap.
John doesn’t mind ill-fitting clothes that reveal his scar in front of Sherlock. He doesn’t mind casual touches or even a tickle fight with him sitting astride on Sherlock’s back. He only gets embarrassed when there is someone else in the room.
“Like you’d know. I seem to remember that you barely attended classes in the end and you didn’t even graduate.”
“Listen, I have a good feeling about this. I really like her and for once she has not had the chance to meet you before the third date when it’s
They stare at each other for a moment, Victor’s mouth melting to a fond smile at Sherlock’s little joke. He gets up hurriedly and walks to where Sherlock is still standing awkwardly at the doorway.
Sherlock is asleep on the sofa, the end of his dressing gown flapping in the gentle breeze blowing through the open window. Even though it’s December, the flat feels boiling and John has opened all the windows to let a cross-draught to rustle through it and roll out all the dust balls that have been hiding under and behind the furniture.
“Irrelevant,” Sherlock interrupts and climbs upstairs, passing the man standing on the landing and walks directly to the flat with its door wide open and policemen gathered around but staying as far away from the door as possible.
But he did not know what love was back then. He only knew that the girl had cheeks red like cherries and a laugh like soap bubbles and that when she danced with him, he never wanted to let go.
He thinks of the words now more than ever before. They appear like a neon sign over John after he almost takes a bullet in the head, or pop up in a puff of white smoke in good old Arial, the font John uses on his blog and which Sherlock detests (“It’s like you are writing the bloody thing for people with visual impairment!”), or are stamped repeatedly on Sherlock’s brain and heart when he looks at John in situations like this, performing regular, everyday tasks that keep their household together and make John look so beautiful and Sherlock feel so safe he feels like he will need a tank of extra oxygen.
His best shit-eating I-know-best face in place and some stupid popular culture nonsense dribbling down his chin, all to try and intimidate her into thinking she does not have the upper hand.
Victor told him about his childhood, his numerous pets, his siblings who had all scattered to the ends of the earth before he was even born, the nanny called Margaret he had had until he was of age. Sherlock remembered his own nannies, the nameless, faceless creatures that had appeared and then departed, who he must have loved at some point. People his mother had hired only for convenience’s sake. She would raise her own children, she had told her husband, and since Mycroft was already ten years old when she had decided she wanted one more son, raising Sherlock proved to be “like riding a bicycle, everything just took care of itself.”
Victor has heard the commotion and run to the courtyard, waving the security guards away, pushing through the crowd of ogling students and teachers. He grabs Sherlock’s shoulders and repeats his name.
John comes in an hour later, clearly more sober than Sherlock would have predicted and definitely angrier than when they last spoke. It’s clear from his gait that nothing went according to plan, but Sherlock only feels immensely happy that in the morning John will be waking up with him and not next to Louise Mortimer.
Sherlock untangled his legs and John let go of his arms. They sat down on the floor, leaning against the cot. John really wanted to throw the sewage jacket down the cell lav, but drained from all energy he just sat very still, the ache in his head like a steady drumroll.
John shuffles inside the cupboard, in search of the teabags Sherlock informs him he has stored away when he first moved his things in. They are too high for him of course, John is approximately 166 centimetres tall, 172 on tiptoe, and the highest shelf is only about 170 centimetres up, but the teabags are at the very back. Getting up without thinking, Sherlock reaches for the bags easily and hands them over.
John returns late, even though it is clear that having caught Miranda on the street, he has only gotten the same kind of smack on the cheek as Sherlock. He smells of lager all the way from the door to the end of the sitting room where Sherlock is sitting on the lists he has written.
Sherlock moves closer slowly, never-minding the possibly slippery tiles, feeling like his muscles have turned to putty, there’s no blood flowing in his veins, no thoughts except one going around in his head,
He gathers her into an embrace, his open coat covering her like a blanket, and breathes in the scent that is distinctly Molly, with or without perfumes it’s always been Molly, always there for him, always ready to help, and he has only had horrible things to say to her in return.
John turned around slightly so that Sherlock saw his chest, the bullet wound only a small dot on this side, merely a scar to mention except the obvious blotch of an entry wound that had swallowed the bullet neatly.
Around them, the other cashiers and customers waiting for their shopping to be bagged agreed as well.
John mumbles something while chewing his pasta and asks the question that always follows the first one. Sherlock stares at him, challenging, but John drops the subject fast, ending with a final note, like an afterthought,
They listened to the sounds getting closer, angry orders being shouted, people rummaging the crates surrounding them, then sounds of footsteps moving to the next room.
Mycroft excuses himself in the middle to answer a phone call and returns saying something clearly in code about Bond Air and Coventry which Sherlock finds vaguely interesting.
“Oh, really?” Jim leers. “You are still talking to me, big shot. A doofus, who can’t even get the simplest case solved with all the drugs he needs to take to keep his
He wondered if he would be able to sneak out while John was in the shower. But John showered in the evenings, and the time he took in the loo in the mornings would not be sufficient enough to allow an escape via a second-floor window without breaking anything in the process. Then again, John would probably take extensive measures in securing the window before going to bed.
The flies hit him first. Then there’s the smell. What was once the earthly shell of a 31-year-old man from Liverpool has now been lying on its face in the abandoned flat for two months and is harvested with flies.
Of course, John gets it all wrong but no matter. His presence, having someone to say things to out loud helps Sherlock figure out who the shoes must belong to.
Barely able to keep himself from cracking his bow in half, he returns to the window, only to see what he has been waiting for weeks.
The only possibility would be to take the gun while he slept, which in turn would be a useful experiment in how deep John’s slumber was. It would be interesting to see whether John gave himself enough time to recognise him or shoot him standing.
In the morning, after changing to a clean shirt from Sherlock’s luggage, he grimaces at the smell of tea on the shirt he is supposed to meet the French ambassador in. But he says nothing, of course he doesn’t. Sherlock is broken down as it is.
The stoic calm emitting from Molly makes him turn to her. She is like this sometimes, ready to stand her ground for as long as it takes for Sherlock to pay attention to her. She has been doing it for years now, she is not going to stop. She is ready to get to the bottom of this, carve Sherlock’s brains out if it will make him talk about what is going on inside his head.
She watches as he trots down the grassy slope slowly, the orderly close behind him but at a respectful distance. She nods at him and he stops while she and Sherlock keep walking down the slope and stop under a huge oak. Sherlock lifts his face up to inspect the sunshine flickering through the foliage, enjoys the freckles of light on his skin. The peace is broken once more by Doctor Mortimer’s next question.
He pulls Sherlock’s hair tighter and shakes him. At Sherlock’s moan, he loosens his grip but leans in even closer to whisper in his ear,
While Sherlock is drying his hair, John starts a fire and makes them more tea. They camp on a blanket in front of the fireplace and start a 5000 piece puzzle since Cluedo is still off the table and stabbed to the wall. Sherlock has a packet of tissues next to him and he is hiding them in his sleeves and down his shirt as he sneezes his way through the packet. John is busy collecting the edges and doesn't pay much attention to how Sherlock’s shirt front is starting to look a bit questionable.
He reached out his hand to take another date from the picnic basket, only to discover that the fruit along with better part of the rest of their lunch had disappeared unnoticed into the dog’s maw.
At dawn, with the last traces of the narcotic only making him spasm and squirm every once in a while, he feels a hand on his forehead and scrabbles for it desperately.
Thirty years later, Sherlock still has that photo framed on top of the mantelpiece in his flat on Baker Street. He has looked at it thousands of times, and every time he feels something tugging at his heartstrings, something unknown and unnerving, but at the same time something so wonderful he hopes he could go back to that moment, to see John walk on his own for the first time.
The icy feet slither between his thighs. He presses his legs together tightly, and Sherlock’s big toe gets stuck.
“You’re still fuzzy in my mind palace. I need to know exactly how you feel and smell to be able to remember you.”
He waits until he sees John return to the bar, spot Louise Mortimer and steer towards her with prominent ease in his step and a bottle of white wine under his arm. When Sherlock sees her smile at him, he turns around and walks upstairs to their room.
, John Watson,” Sherlock introduces quickly before Sebastian has had the chance to even look at the man.
It’s all so absurd they forget the reason John thinks Sherlock is wearing the sheet and laugh their arses off at the fact that he is wearing bedding in Buckingham Palace of all places. Their joy only intensifies when Mycroft emerges from the room next door just in time for John’s ‘Here to see the Queen?’
John stood behind him, clearly more at ease now that they had arrived, feet firmly set apart to support himself on the rocky yard.
Except when he is thrown off by her sarcastic ‘Think’ while he is in the middle of figuring out the key code, just before three Americans burst in through the door with John at gunpoint. John, who apologises to Sherlock for not being able to fight them off bare-handed.
The man steps forward and Sherlock sees ‘Jim’, Jim from IT, gay-Jim, Molly’s boyfriend-Jim, Jim who has strapped John into a bomb and made him repeat to his dictation and is now making a joke about whether it’s a gun in his pocket or if he’s just happy to see him.
Peeking between the blinds again, everything seems calm. He goes to the door, takes his coat and sneaks out. At least he can lure them away from the house so that John has time to leave.
) John Watson sat like travelling on a deserted country road in the middle of the night in a military van packed full of radio equipment, food, medical supplies and guns with another one following close behind was something he did every day.
John doesn’t press the matter, for which Sherlock is eternally grateful, but goes back to the file. Sherlock’s phone rings and he is up, calling over his shoulder that Lestrade needs him.
He isn’t angry now. He is scared. He is so scared the glass full of whisky shakes in his hand and he whimpers unintentionally. The patrons in the restaurant have resumed their meals after his little outburst (
“That was years ago! Why would she still be upset?” Sherlock exclaims, throwing his hands in the air.
Back in the bedroom his parents are still sound asleep but Harry’s eyes open a fraction when he climbs back to bed and shivers at the cold sheets. Harry snuggles closer to him, giving back the extra blanket she has stolen in her sleep. It’s a big bed so they’re sharing, like they used to when they were children. It’s an old bed as well, and there’s a slight dent on John’s side in the shape of a person who has always slept in the same position on her side, facing the person on her right.
has decided that actions need to be taken in order to prevent certain outcomes this country could certainly live without at this stage of the war.”
, struggling with her newly discovered sexuality, likes to try it with comfortable, everyday men just to see if they are any different from the gigolos she was married to, both of whom left her for someone more interesting, before deciding whether to give men another chance or switch completely to stormy lesbians.”
John walks to him and sits down on his knees on the rug. He rubs his hands over Sherlock’s thighs, smoothing the rumpled trousers Sherlock hasn’t changed in days. A single tear drops down on his hand and he looks up at Sherlock, whose eyes are red and puffy.
He was not this easily affected. He could endure physical and emotional torture. He didn’t have feelings. Everyone said so. He should not, would not, act like this –
With sheer stubbornness, he managed to hold on to Sherlock’s arms so that when Sherlock succeeded in his mission and peered down at him, that was really all he could do.
They take John to hospital, just to be safe. They make him warm again and bring back his pinkish hue with a touch of feverish red on his cheeks.
In the summer, they would hide themselves in the Trevors’ immense garden, lie down in the grass and feed fresh dates to each other. The stickiness of the fruit mixed with the sweat from the heat of the sun and their love-making would attach them together until they ran, clothes and all, into the small pond surrounded by maple trees in the heart of the garden.
Sherlock moves behind him and slides his hand over John’s stomach to rest on his other hipbone and stares up into the sky. Squinting, he steps in and takes John’s hand. Pointing with the index finger, he connects a group of stars to draw a palm tree that stays glimmering in the sky.
Or maybe he took his time, had some fun with the ones with families by waiting until they were away from home, alone in a hotel room, just enjoying a little peace after a long day.
“I read his paper too,” Sherlock pushes another piece across the board, eating Victor’s bishop on the way. “Derivative drivel.”
“Don’t take it too seriously,” Victor said, sitting down next to him. “You’re only human after all.”
He has read about it, but it is nothing like in the books. It hurts and it doesn’t. He feels it somewhere outside himself, and somewhere inside, at the back of his head, where someone else is screaming, his name repeated several times, none of them sounding like pleads for mercy.
He curses himself. It’s a ruse, has to be. He should have torn the man apart where he stood the moment he opened door. Now John has the upper hand, he has seen him affected.
John pulled the gun out from its holster and held it out to him. Sherlock took it, the metal heavy on his palm, clean and cold like a dead thing.
It’s Christmas. For real this time. Even the time of year is right. It’s the first one Sherlock spends with John and since they are at Baker Street, they get Mrs Hudson and Lestrade in the deal as well.
“Sherlock!” John bellows, snapping him out of the manic rant. John pulls the shirts he is holding from his grip and throws them on the bed. He takes Sherlock’s face in his hands and speaks calmly.
scratched on the floor and the absence of a pink suitcase, and he finds himself on the sofa in the sitting room of Baker Street, head spinning with the case and the three nicotine patches he has glued on his arm, texting John to arrive as fast as possible.
Little by little, they form habits and work out how to live with and round each other. Sherlock learns John’s schedule which has stayed the same since his army days and is the reason why he still wakes up on an ungodly hour every single morning (even though he doesn’t have a job to go to) and trots downstairs, grumpy and in need of tea.
“She is a lovely woman. My mother adores her. It is too bad one of us isn’t a girl. They would make sure we were married by summer.”
“Never mind him,” Lestrade says with a wave of his hand, like he could brush the whole problem away with just a flick of his wrist. “The others miss you. They’d become quite attached to you, some had even started to admire you. I hear there is a cult being formed around your name.”
Giggling, John stood up, stretched his shoulder and rolled his arm around a few times. He looked longingly at the sea glimmering in the sun, blue and cool.
He can’t stop thinking about it. His hand begins to shake every time John gets too close (which is about 3 feet now), and he stops breathing every time John praises him.
John grasps Sherlock’s shoulders just when he is once again about to sink down. In the kid’s pool, a couple of mum’s bathing their toddlers glance at them every once in a while, wink at each other and giggle.
“Lestrade’s should be the safest,” Sherlock pants hurriedly. “We would be endangering him as well, but he is a policeman, he knows what he is doing, he has a gun, several, if I’m not mistaken he can protect you stop throwing the clothes please John ---“
“Too bad. I was beginning to like it here,” John said, sipping his soup. “Though the food is just as awful as it was when I worked here.”
The heap has been staring at the door, waiting for John to return, and if Sherlock had any energy and a tail, he’d be tapping it on the pillows in his joy of John’s reappearance.
John lets him sleep in his room after they get home from the pool in the small hours of the morning. For the first time John declines Sherlock’s offer to call Lestrade or Mycroft or both to come and collect them as well as the lack of evidence Moriarty’s men have left behind. Sherlock texts Mycroft the details fast and discretely while they are walking home, eyes glued to the tense muscles in John’s neck. Lestrade will be furious they have left, but Sherlock can deal with him later.
Sherlock loved Mrs Hudson, that much was obvious. He would have laid down his life to protect her, had in fact several times. He appreciated Lestrade and Molly and trusted them with his life. He had clearly given up with Mycroft, but there was something deeper between those two. Let them call it sibling rivalry, the main thing was Mycroft was and always would be there for his brother.
Hismeagre attempts at making John praise him or at least comfort him with something like “There will be a case soon” receive no response and he is left alone, banging at the pillow angrily when John storms out of the flat, almost knocking down Mrs Hudson who comes in with the shopping bags and asks if they had a domestic.
“Just once, could you two behave like grown-ups? Sherlock Holmes, you are 35 years old. Put your trousers on!”
They are standing chest to chest, John dragging his finger over Sherlock’s jacket, drawing patterns on the fabric. His eyes are staring into Sherlock’s, slightly hooded, and it’s not the champagne. He has only taken the one sip.
Sherlock brushed his fingers over it. An Enfield No. 2 Mk I, .38/200 calibre. A fine gun, standard for military personnel. A much better one than its replacements issued due to the shortage.
John lets go of his hands and turns towards his desk, no doubt to write a prescription for painkillers. Something someone with Sherlock’s history can take safely.
“Not everyone. I played the clarinet for years and I still can’t sing without making the cats howl.”
“Now that I believe,” he says, and it feels like all the oxygen has suddenly escaped the room. Sherlock can feel John’s thumb stroking his wrist, and he wants to look down and check it’s not a hallucination or a loose hair or a piece of lint. But he doesn’t dare to look away from John, doesn’t dare to move in case he bollockses everything up again and John disappears.
In the flood of people moving along towards the enticing smells of the dinner table, Sherlock stood still, a wayward rock in the current of ordinary human beings.
John has suddenly been appearing on every crime scene Sherlock has been invited to as well, and every time Sherlock makes a deduction, John expresses his admiration with another praise and makes him blush.
“First of all, you must know that we could not reveal all the details before you had signed the contracts. Obviously, even if you hadn’t and would have exposed the operation, the consequences would have been unpleasant for you but this way if you give out any information about this mission, you will be publicly shunned and measures will be taken for your imprisonment.”
Suddenly shivering, Sherlock waved his hand, indicating that the window was not locked and only needed a little push.
They don’t go to the hospital, not now. One of the paramedics at the scene tries to drape a blanket uselessly over Sherlock’s messy coat, only to drop it when Sherlock howls like he is burnt. They are standing near the ambulance, trying to come up with a solution, Sherlock leaning against John, pulling at his coat to get it off himself and whimpering into John’s skin. His arms get stuck in the sleeves and suddenly the only thing John cares about is the desperateness of Sherlock’s whispers on his skin, combination of his name, pleading and home, home, home.
Sherlock lifts his head to see John better. His eyes are sparkling and he is grinning the content smile of the highly intoxicated in his happiness of seeing John again. He closes his eyes and purses his lips.
They stay glued together until the sun finally reaches their windowpane and they feel ready to face the coming day.
He knows he has passed out because when he comes to, there are already sirens and flashing lights outside his window and Mrs Hudson is crying on her knees next to him. He reaches a hand out to pat her knee and her crying only amplifies when she realises Sherlock is still alive.
Just then the sergeant came back in, saying he and the private were ready to leave and asked whether they had anything they wanted him to report back to London. Sherlock turned his back, but John followed the sergeant outside, leaving the door open. Sherlock could hear them conversing, but the voices were too quiet to make out what they were saying.
Shad Sanderson is just as pompous and grand as Sherlock expected Sebastian to like as an employee. Several floors of high glass walls, money moving between continents day and night, security guard at every door. And one Sebastian Wilkes that walks into the room with his old fake smile, all perfect white teeth showing, and shakes his hand like the last time they saw each other wasn’t almost eight years previous and his parting gift wasn’t to pour a pint of lager in Sherlock’s curls.
John makes his head feel clearer. What little has been left in the dark in his peripheral vision seems to light up now and shine like copper in the sun. He feels alive and healthy, misses drugs less and less every day, and even feels like such mundane activities as picnics on a summer day are actually a good idea.
Every fibre of Sherlock’s being was focused on him, his eyes full of panic, gleaming from unshed tears, his jaw tight and thighs quivering.
He had used his full name to distance himself from him, to refer to him as an almighty entity that couldn’t be touched by human emotions.
He wants to know if he ever hated her, at least after she separated them to the opposite sides of the house, locked the nursery at night to make sure Sherlock didn’t escape. There was no need, he always picked the lock. Mycroft had taught him how. The first night in the new nursery, the walls still smelling of paint and the coldness creeping into his bed, Mycroft had sneaked to his door, picked the lock in seconds and spent the rest of the night teaching Sherlock so that he would not have to spend his nights alone in the wing of the house that was only used as a storage space. Making sure to wake up early enough to escort Sherlock back to his room before the nanny woke up and came to fetch him, he then returned to his own room, knowing that their mother never bothered his mornings.
His shirt front is soaking wet with punch and there’s bits of fruit in his hair. The evening had ended with Donovan storming into the room, throwing a full glass of punch in his face and stomping back out.
But his need for John’s presence kicks in the moment John pushes past him and takes his coat from the hook.
Outside, Mycroft offers him a cigarette in celebration of Christmas but really he only wants to soften Sherlock to make him tell him how he knew they would find her like that. He does not tell about the phone in his pocket, mentions it as an unnamed object and turns away.
It sends a shiver down his spine, the fact that John sees him as flesh and bone and not just an automaton. It should bother him, make him angry.
He glances around, but the only one looking at them is the orderly, so he lowers his voice more so that John has to lean in to hear. Which is good. He likes to have John near him.
For the next week he plays his violin, barely eats or talks to John or Mrs Hudson. Irene Adler has a plan, and he needs to know what it is. He writes her down as notes on pieces of paper and plays them in front of the window, hoping to see her walk by, or at least one of her minions. She has to be in hiding for the plan to work, she will need the phone when she wants her life back.
It’s not an interesting situation, they’re not even at a crime scene or in the middle of a case. They’ve just happened to come home at the same time, John carrying heavy grocery bags, clearly annoyed with the heat of the summer that makes his shirt stick to his skin and the weight of the bags which make his arms ache.
“Mr Holmes said there would be an extra mattress ready for you,” he said, lifting a box of tin cans and carrying them inside.
The sheets in his bed still smell of her when he goes to bed after he returns and buries his nose into the pillow, breathing in the scent that he suddenly remembers from even further back than Irene’s nocturnal visit to his bedroom while he was sleeping off the still tolerable after-effects of her drug.
Irene dangles her head. Jim glances at her with disinterest before turning back to look at Sherlock. Doctor Mortimer turns back to him too, then to Jim and Irene again, looking somehow puzzled.
“I’ve heard about your past, Mister Holmes,” the cabbie says, poising the pill from his bottle upwards. “With this kind of stuff.”
Every time Mrs Hudson scolds them about the condition of the kitchen. Or the sitting room. Or bathroom.
“What, like strip poker? Who finds a fitting piece first gets to decide which item the other takes off?”
The screaming only ended when he realised that the weight of Sherlock over him was alive and warm and he was shaking him by the arms.
Before either of them could say anything, the hatch on the door suddenly opened and a policeman – clearly having heard the racket and come inspect – yelled at them,
John stays. Sherlock makes an effort the next day when they meet at the flat on Baker Street by starting to clean up the place the moment John points at the mess. John sits down heavily in the ugly armchair and is instantly at home. Sherlock can breathe a little easier. Looking at John from the corner of his eye, he thinks there can’t be anything too bad seeing this man sitting in the chair reading the paper from now on. He is comfortable, he is cotton, he is vanilla, but he is sturdy and thick-skinned.
He could not practice too often. They were miles away from any population, even the lonely sheep herders did not come here. But making a lot of noise, especially firing a gun, without checking their surroundings was idiotic. No matter what Mycroft said, Germany was still too far away for their practicing to be heard and even occupied France was some distance away. And still his dear brother had deemed silence paramount.
So he trudges home, takes out John’s medical bag and sitting in the tub sews the wound as best as he can.
Anderson looks incredulous as the woman accepts her drink from the bartender, only to resume her coy glances. He scoffs, swigs down his beer and makes his way towards the loo.
The green eyes were rimmed with red, staring wide and full of concern, suddenly showing more emotion than John had seen since the day he had finally asked Sherlock about Victor.
He picks up the gun, but doesn’t take aim. Instead, he throws it in Jim’s lap and indicates that he will do the driving, Jim can damn well shoot as much as he likes. Jim curses again, lets go of the wheel suddenly and begins to empty his gun through the broken window. The third bullet hits the man with the gun on the shoulder and the next one goes through the driver’s neck. Limp like a ragdoll he slouches over the wheel. Without anyone to steer the car, it roars towards a pier and flies into the cold water.
John who was currently floating on his back in the sea, his underwear clinging to his lower half, muscles gleaming wet and sparkling in the sun.
Sherlock’s flat was nearer than Mr Trevor’s apartment on the other side of the park, and the driver set off towards Baker Street first. They drove on quietly, the snow falling steadily, colouring the whole of Westminster in white. It was very cold, but Sherlock hardly noticed. He suddenly felt very warm when Mr Trevor pressed against him.
Beginnings are never easy. Even Sherlock Holmes knows this. It doesn’t mean he will give just anyone the chance to even try and get past the terrible start because eventually it always leads to an earth-shattering ending. They never add up to anything, beginnings with him. John Watson will be just like the others, ridiculous attempt from people who call themselves his friends (in Mycroft’s case family and Sherlock can’t argue with that no matter how much he’d like to) to try and help him find someone to live with and perhaps strike a friendship (in Mycroft’s case to spy on him and even Mycroft is not arguing against this, though he perhaps uses a slightly less controversial term).
Last night, Watson had taken out his guns after dinner, cleaned and oiled them at the kitchen table while Sherlock tuned his radio equipment. Inspecting his actions, Sherlock had seen loving caresses instead of angry jabs with each swipe of cloth over metal. Watson had clearly itched to take one of the small handguns outdoors and give it a go, such reluctance had he shown when he had placed it back into its case and hung it on the wall.
“Never mind him,” Mrs Holmes tutted, snatching two glasses from a tray offered to her by the butler and giving the other to Mr Trevor. “How he treats the baby might fool you, but my Sherlock is quite the hermit. Never says good day, always avoids social events.”
After a few minutes he heard the engine start, the ground rustle under the wheels and the car drive away. The van the private had driven was to remain with them, in case they had to get out fast. They would have to hide it soon.
“To be fair,” he says, “the food was rather limited. I don’t know about you, but I much prefer a greasy take-away over caviar any day.”
and unlocks the door. Mrs Hudson has already retired, her flat dark and quiet, so he tries to make as little noise as he can. He enters the sitting room and is greeted by the familiar smells of home.
The first time Mrs Hudson hears John scream, it sounds nothing like a little girl being tickled to death and so when she dares to walk up the stairs and to peak her head in to see the boys in their dressing gowns lounging in their chairs reading half a newspaper each, then she asks, quite off-handedly like it is no big deal, whether it’s time for her to put the earplugs she has been saving for the past year to use.
Sherlock tried to keep him occupied and brought in playing cards and board games, books, John’s laptop and headphones, a Rubik’s cube, old medical texts from the 19
The job (or the lack thereof) becomes relevant the same afternoon Sherlock learns that John does not like him borrowing his laptop.
He is back the next morning as Sherlock makes his way towards the library again. Irene and Harriet are walking hand in hand on his left, Jim with his hands in his pockets marching briskly on his right.
They curl up in John’s bed (Sherlock uses the nostalgia card again and says the sheets remind him of the ones they had at home and that they make him feel less ill), and John reluctantly agrees to be naked if Sherlock in turn promises to keep his clothes on.
That hurts Sherlock more than his own loneliness, the inability of others to understand him, his inability to understand them.
Perkins, who blows himself up when they finally corner him in an abandoned warehouse. Sherlock, way ahead of everyone, disappears round the corner and John, never far behind, barges into the room with his gun drawn just when the explosion shakes the floor.
) and his hands stop with a metallic clank only a few inches from where they are resting in his lap. He jerks awake, world swimming in front of his eyes, the humming more insistent now (
He is wearing the cornflower blue shirt with white stripes. Or white shirt with cornflower blue stripes. Sherlock would very much like to count the stripes, drape his hand over John’s back and chest and stomach and sides and arms while he counts.
So he avoids them, drags his tongue and hands and one time his toes over every bit of skin but the few inches in the middle of John’s pectorals. He doesn’t draw attention to this, makes sure John doesn’t notice. Though somewhere at the back of his brain he probably does and is grateful. Sherlock doesn’t want him to be self-conscious when they’re touching, no more than he already is about the scar, his wrinkles that increase every year with age, or his belly that has grown slightly softer and which Sherlock loves and makes sure to pepper extra kisses on when they are in bed.
Perkins, who they have been chasing for the past six months, faced three times but who has always escaped. The delusional man who has killed thirty people since the case has started and whose only possible end could be a padded room in a facility in the country. He has gotten under Sherlock’s skin more than any other criminal has after Moriarty, he knows him inside and out, and sometimes John can see the manic glint of a psychopath in Sherlock’s pupils after he has stood in front of the grotesque collage in the sitting room for three days straight.
“Perhaps you should lay off the biscuits,” Sherlock squishes the muscle gently. “Though I like your bum like this, soft and squeezable.”
He has no idea what to say, but John seems comfortable in the silence, gazing out of the window at London passing by, wet with rain and gleaming. Sherlock stares at him and still cannot believe this man is his date, that he has
Jim’s eyes barely look his way but they go bottomless for a moment before flicking back to Sherlock. He moves closer, almost touching him as he hovers behind his back.
“’Good morning.’ ‘I like your funny hat.’ ‘I’m sad tonight, let’s have dinner.’ ‘You look sexy on Crimewatch, let’s have dinner.’ ‘I’m not hungry. Let’s have dinner.’”
Sherlock turns his back to him and tries to sit up straight. He falls over the bed and into Jim’s open suitcase.
The boy’s eyes grew wider and wider as he stared at Sherlock, the comic book hanging forgotten from his hands. His mouth dropped open.
Something hard hit him on the head and he fell down, his gun dropping from his limp hand to the ground, and an invisible but very hard and heavy foot pressed against his sternum.
Sherlock felt curiosity tugging at the back of his head. He wanted to rummage through John’s bag, his wallet, see if he had anything hidden away. A journal maybe.
“What do your friends in the government think about sending the best code-breaker in the country to do his job with minimum equipment and, once again, in the middle of bloody nowhere?”
He should have known better. He should have known never to take a case that would make old memories rise to the surface, make everything that he buried flare up again and reduce him to a shivering mess.
John strains his foot a bit, just so that his nails can scratch the more itchy parts of Sherlock’s skin. Sherlock himself arches his back and sighs.
John glanced down and slowly moved his hand to the holster, took out the handgun and raised it over his head. With a flick of his wrist he threw it on the ground next to the rifle.
Well, perhaps a nice addition to it all is the gleaming white gold ring Sherlock sneaks out to buy later during the day, hides inside a piece of black pudding, and on which John almost breaks his tooth while enjoying his dinner and which, in the end, is slipped onto his ring finger and peppered with kisses while he looks for a 24-hour dentist from the phonebook.
Sherlock is achingly happy about this. He has understood the importance of regular, ordinary-guy-friendship between Lestrade and John and his heart almost bursts with joy when he sees John snort out beer through his nose when Lestrade says something funny Sherlock can’t read from his lips. John’s laugh, every variation of it, is still on the top of his list and this one is definitely the roaring belly laughter directed at crap telly, late night comedy and the raunchy jokes of his friends.
“Of course!” he slams his hands down, making Mrs Hudson jump up to high heavens, just as John enters through the door.
“Hey, Collins! Keep it down a notch, will you?” Lestrade shouts to the nearest constable. “And scatter the crowd, that’s what you’ve got the tape for!”
On his twenty-ninth birthday, Sherlock ends up in the emergency room for bleeding slowly and steadily dry from his hands, having smashed a window to pieces an hour earlier and jumped through it trying to escape the flames enveloping the abandoned warehouse into heat, smoke, and death death death.
“That’s what I was suggesting,” he fingers the piece of brochure for the Chinese circus he picked up last night and stuffed in his pocket, thinking it would be the perfect excuse to get John to come out with him for some fresh air.
He goes back to his old habits, making John get stuff for him, from as high up as he can think, staring intently as John reaches for the burned light bulb, dusty shelf (“Mrs Hudson shouldn’t do all the work, John!”), important documents he has folded into aeroplanes and flung on top of the bookshelf. All the while wearing the jumper that hugs his form and barely covers his back.
Sherlock’s threat of walking away butt-naked gets him nowhere since Mycroft promises him he will let him, and he probably would, but John interferes with the kind of gentle voice that has never been used to stop their fighting before,
“We only got after him when we found the remains of the bomb at the last location. The parts that were not scorched beyond recognition gave out the edge of a sticker. We were able to trace the bomb or at least parts of it to an old army warehouse that had had a yard sale a few weeks back. No list of buyers but there was a security cam video which was really helpful at least with putting faces to the hundred or so people who visited that day.”
“They will not know you’re there. Their aim is to get as many civilian victims as possible, but you will inform us of the attack from a secure location they know to be deserted before they get to inhabited areas.”
John turns away slowly. Sherlock hears him shuffle down the corridor and descend the steps. He counts each until they reach the front door, trying to listen to the soft murmur of sounds, Doctor Mortimer’s voice sharpest of all, though she takes extra effort to hide the sting.
He tasted blood and the rough ground dug uncomfortably into his back, seeming to pierce through his body and through to his trampled chest. He felt a strange shiver go through him and realised it was the chattering of his teeth.
Sherlock bit his lip. A reconnaissance unit of any size was unusual. These days the Germans trusted the job on the Luftwaffe, and even then the planes were often shot down. Sending a five-man ground unit to investigate a presumably uninhabited part of rural Wales while most of the war was going on miles away in the east was nothing if suspicious.
Sherlock glances over his microscope again. John is looking at the crime scene photos, he has not heard. He does that face, that angry/musing face that fits him so well. He has the perfect lips for it.
The next thing he knows, he has to pull his fingers away to protect them from the lid as John closes it with a snap and snatches the laptop away. He is about to protest, but John sits down in his chair, sees the bills and sighs, so he keeps quiet, instead inspecting him from the corner of his eye.
“Don’t shout,” Sherlock ordered, pushing John out and lowering him gently to the floor. “He’s just in a bit of a shock. Only a tad. Just a minor case of claustrophobia. He’ll be all right.”
Mycroft must have had something to do with it. He's been calling Sherlock twice every half hour now when before he only tried once every hour.
“When he was dying he was always cheerful, he was lovely, except when he thought no one could see. I saw him once. He looked sad.”
detectives. Brainy is the new sexy,” she says, drawing another smile from John, and Sherlock is suddenly struck by a very uncomfortable image of where that kind of smile might lead with her.
Sherlock turns to look towards the loo, hoping to see Jim come out, and so he misses the group of women that walk in. He only looks towards the bar when the boys around him start to moan and make silent cat-calls.
equal. Since you could never beat me if we were just using our brains. You people always rely on physical force.”
He can continue to dodge the boring case of another lost civil servant or something equally dull for a while longer.
“You can’t stay here, Sherlock,” John whispered. “We have to get back to the cabin, it’s easier to defend.”
“What do you think James’ role in this all is, then? Is he just a useful middleman recruited by us as the easiest way to get to you?”
“None of us, not even John, have seen any of these people you claim to exist. Could it be possible that you really are alone, Sherlock?”
Everything shatters when Sherlock bursts through the pub’s door, sees John and starts towards him. John lifts his gaze when he hears the footsteps, lips turned up into a smile which falters immediately when he sees Sherlock.
He would give so very much if he could just pass out right now, sleep for 14 hours and pretend none of what is going to happen ever happened.
The only reason he was cleaning them again was due to something Sherlock had irked in him with his question, something that made him want to prove his worth.
None come but he still gets nothing done before John trots downstairs in the morning, wearing his plaited woollen jumper.
When John emerges from the steamy bathroom, skin red and raw, Sherlock is waiting for him under the covers. There is no sighing or frowning, screaming, questions, not even a raised eyebrow. John just climbs in and grasps Sherlock’s wrist with his fingers before falling asleep. For a second Sherlock thinks this an attempt to seek comfort, like a child holding the hand of a grown-up in a strange place.
The coffee is very hot when it sloshes over the rim and on his fingers. With all the observations he has made, he has missed the most obvious one.
They are sitting in front of a fire on the sitting room rug, blanket drawn over them both, their legs tangled together, John’s toes tickling his beneath the folds of the blanket.
Sherlock falls to his knees on the floor, ears full of noises, of Irene and Harriet sobbing, Jim humming a small tune under his breath, and John’s heavy breathing.
“But you are our best hope as well, not only our last. We only came to you now because we didn’t know of your existence. Obviously, my employer went through army records of those who are still actively involved but when our contact informed us about you, my employer literally threw all the other files on the floor. Believe me, sir, I was there. I saw it.”
Suddenly his own brain kicks in again, he dashes to the street, runs upstairs, is stabbed with a needle, slammed down with a leather riding crop (
“What’s in the stream?” John asks together with Detective Inspector Carter who has been tailing him, his bald spot catching the camera every once in a while.
John stood a few feet away, his rifle slung over his shoulder. He had taken off his coat and rolled up his shirt sleeves, clearly hot from his trek in the woods. His shoes were moist from the undergrowth and he had leaves in his hair.
Someone called for Mrs Holmes from the door and flapping her arms she disappeared to the next room where they could hear her joyous exclaim of surprise. The butler followed close behind.
“Enjoy it while it lasts,” John said sipping from his mug. “There is enough of the real stuff, but sooner or later we’ll have to start managing with the substitute.”
“Can’t control a body flying over your bonnet once,” he says and points at the dent. “He hit the victim so that she first flew against the windshield, then slid down the bonnet. She was still on the car when he smashed it against the wall to cover the first hit.”
So he locks John in, blares the recording of the snarls through the speakers, listens to John’s horrified whispers from the other end of the line.
attack from the enemy is of such a scale that we have to be ready to act as fast as possible. But we have to act in secret. This is our one trump card with them. When the attack comes and we stop it in its tracks, the
He walks even slower on the tiles, making sure there are no splatters anywhere to make it difficult for him to move fast if needed.
“People in his condition are often paranoid. I am given to understand that he thought he was working for the government and got mixed up with an operative.”
It had passed through several hands on its way to Sherlock’s, like a secret love letter being handed from one trustee to another until it finally reached the one it was intended for.
His eyes are red and bloodshot. He rises a bit wobbly as Sherlock walks slowly to the table and hugs him like he is afraid Sherlock will disappear if he lets go, apologising again and again. Sherlock hushes him, though his voice feels tight in his throat and he doesn’t know what to do with his hands. So he clutches John to his chest and when John lets go and sits down, Sherlock stays standing for a moment, still lost as to what he is supposed to do.
He is four years, nine months and six days old, though everyone thinks he is older because of his books, his height, and the way he dresses.
John looks so strange and so familiar. Sherlock calculates every fraction of his body he can see, and peaks under the covers to look at the parts he can’t see. John’s legs are coiled tightly around his, his torso attached to Sherlock’s side, his other hand hidden somewhere under his body. He will be sore when he wakes up, and not just from sleeping on his arm.
“No,” feet dig under John’s shirt, cold toes curling up his back, “this is my spot and you stole it, you spot stealer.”
“How am I ever going to make you quit smoking if the Queen is going to show you such a bad example?”
Lestrade and Donovan, accompanied by the SWAT team, stumble on the scene a moment later, stopping dead at the sight of Sherlock, bloody hair sticking to his relatively clean forehead, John still wiping his face and shushing him comfortingly, murmuring sweet nothings, using the steadily dripping tears to clean Sherlock’s mouth.
John bangs the window shut. Sherlock has crashed on the bed, making it shake with his shivers and reminding John of the very uncomfortable scene in
“What a good pet!” Jim says gleefully, inspecting John’s surrender, walking around him slowly. He sizes him up and down, biting his lip and sniffing the air around him.
“Right then,” John said cheerily, placing the jar of strawberry in the basket. “What’s next on the list?”
Though he hates her, she’s the only one who can help. He turns to her just in time to see her glance down.
Every morning once John has disappeared into the bathroom with his robe on and his towel thrown over his shoulder, Sherlock stands behind the door, presses his head against the wood and listens.
“How is Beth doing in university?” Sherlock asks, surprised how much he is actually interested in Victor’s family.
“Well, yes I do. But I don’t know how to do it. They will not take me to the police force and I will not go through years of training in order to get stuck in another vicious wheel of hierarchy where I can’t actually do anything before I’m a sergeant or something.”
The rifle dropped to the ground with a heavy thud, followed by the limp form of the soldier, his lower body trapping Sherlock on the ground.
He goes to Molly and kisses her cheek, lets his lips hover over her cheekbones, nose lingering on the perfume on her temple.
Sherlock’s mother, the hopeless romantic that she was, sighed longingly every time she heard the story of Mr and Mrs Kovács’ first meeting. She welcomed each new child with the same devotion and love she had so far only given to her own children. The eldest was her favourite, a quiet boy of nine whose blue eyes reminded her of her late husband’s.
No sleep for John now, very important to make sure he doesn’t fall asleep, very important to keep his eyes open, very important to get him warm.
That night, he inspects John as he moves around the flat until he walks past him to go to the fridge. When he goes back to the mug of tea waiting on the table, he glances at Sherlock who has turned his eyes to the microscope to make sure John does not see him stare.
She takes a biscuit, bites down and an expression of pure bliss appears on her face. She turns to Mrs Hudson who is attempting to push a cup of tea at Sherlock and is momentarily very busy. So she swallows the rest of the biscuit, takes another gulp of the tea and points at the file in John’s hands.
Of course. A woman so fond of her form would naturally use something so disgustingly intimate as her key code. She is the walking image of pride after all.
She doesn’t spare a glance at John, but turns to Sherlock crouching over his microscope, looking confused.
John Watson stands at the edge of the pool holding Sherlock’s shoes and socks in his hands, a very intrigued stork next to him. Both the stork and the doctor follow Sherlock’s rise out of the water with their neck joints stiff, moving their heads in sync, which makes Lestrade and Donovan laugh even harder.
The paramedics almost tear the coat apart when they finally reach them and start to rub warmth back to John’s stiff joints. One of them pulls at the coat, the other at Sherlock who has attached himself so tightly against John’s back he seems like a natural part of him.
John (who has now crammed himself under the sink to see if he can fix the pipes after Sherlock has drained the latest experiment which in no case should have been thrown down there to torment the old pipes, asks for the screwdriver and Sherlock hands it to him, brain still jammed in the past when John’s feet sticking out from the cupboard weren’t part of his Sunday morning) sparked something inside him the moment he stepped in. He can’t remember feeling that kind of
What he sees is a completely whole John, who is stretching his arm towards a pen on the table next to him, his leg hoisted up on a sling which is restricting his movements.
Outside, the rain had reduced into a drizzle, cold razor-sharp drops that seemed to pierce the skin.
,” Victor steals Sherlock’s last pawn from his fingers, “am going to meet up with the head of the department tomorrow morning to get congratulated on my services to the university and told that I have a bright future as the head in front of me. But your accomplishments? Zero.”
of gold hitting gold, too quiet for any regular person to hear, escaped him completely as well but it was the only thing Sherlock could hear, even though all around him the Monday shoppers continued to chatter, the speakers continued to blare cheery music and the overall whirring and buzzing of London kept on whirring and buzzing as loud as ever.
John presses his mouth against Sherlock’s forehead instead, not quite a kiss, and the expression on Sherlock’s face is priceless. He looks like a disappointed grayling.
“There, all better,” John says with a final sweep over Sherlock’s coat. He grins at the blush on Sherlock’s face, which is quickly covered by a scowl as his hand is seized back into a shake and the flashlights begin to flare.
Real bad luck was the fact that John happened to be running next to Sherlock so he was immediately arrested as the accomplice and both of them were taken in and locked up with no one to bail them out.
“Well, what did you expect? You were out of your head, drooling everywhere with god knows what running in your veins. I wasn’t sure as hell going to leave you alone.”
Sherlock put his hand in his pocket and drew out his magnifying glass. Winking again, he handed it to the boy who took it after a moment, clearly not believing what was happening. The glass gleamed on his palm (
Sherlock kicks her in the stomach and the men are instantly on him, the driver and another man jumping out of the car and rushing towards them.
“I was saving her the trouble. Isn’t that kinder?” he swivels around in his chair to look at John, who stares incredulously back in turn.
A green, furry-hooded parka, small-statured man, light hair, gleaming eyes too far away to distinguish the colour.
“Wow. You really don’t get a lot of gifts, do you?” John smiles and flings his jacket over his shoulder, continuing to stroll up the hill, inspecting the lighted restaurants inviting them in with their enticing smells of cooking.
“But,” John stammers and clenches the knees of his jeans, “I would know if his work included anything like that. I work
, after mother died. You shipped me off to university as soon as it was convenient for you to pay any attention to my life. You never let me grieve. Always, ‘Stop behaving like that.’, ‘Don’t do that.’, ‘Don’t be an idiot.’”
With a last smile at the thought of the text, John turns his focus to the elderly lady worried sick about the strange blisters on her wrists, just on the slight sliver of tanned skin between the white of her hands and arms.
“Text me the address,” Sherlock says, collects himself and John and returns to Baker Street to look for a disguise.
He pressed the handle down carefully, pushing against the wood with his hand to stop any sound, and pulled the door open.
It’s nothing like the kiss outside the restaurant. It’s cooler, deeper and somehow even softer than before.
Behind him, Jim spits insults at him and by the door Harriet and Irene are still crying quietly. Sherlock doesn’t look at any of them but stares at John. He can feel them though, every fibre of their being is glued on his skin like an itch.
Pointedly avoiding the ashtray on the table, Sherlock took the cigarette between his fingers and shook off the rest of the loose ashes on the floor.
) enter the sitting room and tell Sherlock to get dressed and follow them. Rolling his eyes at the offered suit, Sherlock slips John’s flip flops on his feet but does not part with the sheet.
As a sign of agreement, Sherlock whimpers, sounding exactly like John’s aunt’s terrier after she got her tail stuck between the door hinges.
They are attached to the case from thereon and three months later John is ready to give up. Sherlock has identified their bomber in the first couple of days, thanks to the security camera video, as well as tracked down the remains of the other bombs with the help of several of his Homeless Network thanks to all of which John had the momentary delusional idea that the case would be swift and end soon.
Shaking his head, he told himself to forget such delusions. The onset of paranoia was the first sign that the lies you had told had been good enough to even fool yourself.
She waved her hand towards her son. Sherlock, painfully aware that she had enjoyed several toddies already, leaned away slightly to ensure that the rattle the baby was now suckling would not accidentally be smacked away from her by his mother’s waving hands.
He now had a lover and was a lover. With a flat in the middle of London to surround their secret, its four walls softening their whispered confessions and echoing with their love-making, Sherlock felt safe and loved for the first time in his life. Before it had been his duty to just stay alive, to appear in public now and then, to maintain the image of a happy son, a decent brother, and well-respected citizen, while on the inside he despised it all, escaped it to drugs and back-alley fights. It pleased him now to be dressed in his finest with Victor by his side, to appear at his mother’s parties, to lead Victor out of the room to the dimly lit hallway.
“Just because you have the sex drive of a rock,” Anderson sneers, looking around, expecting a round of applause for his gibe. No one is looking at him, even the girl hanging by Wilkes’ shoulder has her eyes on the blonde, who is --
Six months, and Sherlock comes home to find Irene Adler asleep in his bed, content in the safety Baker Street provides in a city where round any corner a threat might be lurking.
“John, I seriously just woke up feeling too hot and took my pyjamas off. No one was in my room other than myself, I didn’t
“They will,” Sherlock says, scooping up a handful of peas and dumbing them in the bucket. “As soon as I solve the case, they will invite me over for tea once a week and hand me a souvenir bag full of ashtrays.”
John makes two mugs of pulp free tea and sits down at the table to listen Sherlock talk about his day. There has not been a case (which is bad), but there hasn’t been Mycroft either (which is good).
“Poison, John!” Sherlock exclaims excitedly. “Virtually undetectable! In his eczema cream! The poison paralysed the muscles just when he was in the water and he drowned!”
There was a kindness lurking behind Sherlock’s cool demeanour which at times melted the coldness in his grey eyes and made them glow golden.
The woman is standing under the dim streetlight, dangling an unlit cigarette in her fingers, tapping it against her thumb in time with some tune playing inside her head. She is dressed for the cold weather, but elegantly, her body hidden under a black fur that covers even her luscious brown hair. Sherlock can see that under all the layers she is hiding an ever more luscious body, visible only to those who are able to see her for what she is and have a need for what she can offer.
Sherlock takes the offered spoon to his right hand and the pot to the other, pointedly opens the lid with a flip, dugs the spoon in and puts it in his mouth. He makes a loud
Jim finds him from the library three days later, sitting on a window sill with the panes scribbled full of his spidery handwriting.
It is time to perfect the plan. Every detail must be worked out, nothing can go wrong with this. He needs his homeless network, lots of fake blood, and Mycroft.
A pair of silvery eyes look down at him, the mouth below spread into a grin that makes something tingle at the back of Sherlock’s neck. It is a smile both unnerving and exhilarating, and Sherlock can’t wait to find out more about it.
Turning the corner, John began to trace his steps back towards his flat. The tube would be faster, but he was certain that once he reached his flat, a car would be waiting for him with his things packed into suitcases stuffed into the boot, ready to go.
Sherlock’s eyes flicked to his brother’s. He bit down on his cigarette, almost cutting it in half with his incisors, the ashes dropping on the creamy carpet without either of the men stopping them.
, the phone rings very early in the morning. Lucy Maria was born healthy and so fast there wasn’t any time to call. They go to the hospital the next day and Molly lowers her daughter on Sherlock’s arms, her wedding ring gleaming on the table next to a glass vase of flowers.
A tap on the window made him jump up. In the glow of the street lights coming from outside he could see the form of a man looking inside, pale face, blond hair, a wide smile transforming into a whisper of his name.
