Hawkeye sighed. “Isn't it obvious? We go around helping people who the Inquisition can't help. Defenders of justice, righters of the wrong, blah blah.”
Steve held the door for them, just the hint of color in his cheeks when Tony smiled at him. Inside, they were greeted by not just the Spymaster, but Rook, Hawkeye, Bruce, and two other individuals that they didn't recognize.
It looked like a simple trinket, five seashells, strung together, to create a star. His heart thumping just a little harder, Steve turned it over...
“Assholes,” mumbled Tony, eyeballing the donuts. “I need to work on a new suit anyway, now that I've got this thing going.”
“My communicators and everything are shot after this battle...or we're on a different world. Your guess is as good as mine.”
Natasha brought in a few bowls of popcorn, and Steve checked his watch. Almost time for the movie, and, once again, they were missing one member.
“Since you know about this game, what are the rules? Other than me not being allowed to use my armor.”
Slowly, Steve moved towards Tony. They stared at each other, and Steve sat down near the injured side, holding his hand out.
He had always thought there was no other survivors of that particular experiment, just Fenris, who he had the displeasure of meeting a few times. He didn't judge him, knowing the story behind the Lyrium Ghost...
The feeling as if gravity suddenly smashed upon them brought them both to their knees. Tony would have cried out as a hand carefully took his flash drive and destroyed it.
“Yes,” he whispered. Gently, Steve took his hand, kissed it, and slid the ring on, before standing up.
And then there was the magic. He sat with the crystals, alternating between them. He knew Ramuh still remained, but the man only smiled when he saw Tony. Sometimes, Tony changed, looked at himself in the mirror, this creature who wasn't him, with what used to be the arc reactor shining in his chest. It now felt like flesh, a part of him, and he didn't know what the plunge into the Lifestream did  to heal his body, to alter it.
Tony's eyes filled with tears. Everything felt like a whirlwind lately, but somehow, he finally realized he had a small family. He didn't know where they were right now, but he hoped that they were safe.
“Yes, but you see, I know things that even your beautiful Black Widow doesn't know. Perhaps your dear Spymaster does? I know who you are.”
Once, Pepper tried to talk to them, to tell them that perhaps they could work things out in a different manner.
“We've heard about some of the runes you've made,” said Rook, not looking at his chest.  “You are also an offensive mage.”
Normally, he would laugh the comment off, but what he saw last night made him flinch just a little. He knew that there was no hiding that from his sister, so he didn't bother to really try.
Tony sat up abruptly, shaking as he forced his weakened body to move. “No! Absolutely not! You're staying here.”
The man laughed, tossing his long, black and white streaked hair over his shoulder. The one eye, yellow, narrowed just a little.
Taking more things from Kingdom Hearts, changing many things from Kingdom Hearts.... I do love twisting things. And making stuff up. And did I mention the twisting?
She riffled through his things, throwing him a t-shirt and yoga pants, the loose kind that clung to his ankles instead of the skintight ones. After his meltdown with the Avengers reunion with her, he didn't feel uncomfortable in his various states of undress anymore.
“Bucky's a nickname he got in the Circle. Close friends call him that. We were in the Circle together, and that's not the point, Anthony.”
He frowned, and figured, maybe he died. First, he was hearing voices, and second, he wasn't in a body of water.
Steve didn't really sleep, even though he tried. Still, he figured it could be worse. Tony lay against him, wrapped in his arms, the girls and Avengers around him. He had a feeling the other Avengers didn't sleep much, either.
“Be nice, Chargers,” said the very large Quanari. “I'm The Iron Bull, and these are my Chargers. We heard what happened to you guys, and thought we'd say hello.”
“Aqua's right,” said Steve. The Captain dragged him out. “You're too focused on trying to force things, instead of giving them time.”
“What are we going to do about the press?” asked Pepper. “Do we tell them immediately, or leave it a secret as long as possible?”
“Good day to you, Captain,” said Madame de Fer as they entered the main hall.  Steve gave her a bow, his face a bit paler. “My dearest Anthony, it is so good to see you.”
In the corner of the Hall, a small group of individuals were talking. Bruce stood with them, and so did the gorgeous Steven. Anthony rubbed his chest, feeling his heart speeding up just a little. It had been years since he felt anything, and what seemed so easy before felt nearly overwhelming.
“Maybe not today, but tomorrow? The next day? Now, what was the name of that lovely girl, who you burned the first time you tried to make a rune...?”
Tony retreated to the Undercroft, feeling far more comfortable with the sound of the waterfall nearby, and Dagna occasionally giving her input into his current project. He had come up with the ideas before the attack years prior, but never truly had the chance to work upon them before his Tranquility. Desire muted the need to put the ideas into motion, but now...
Clint snickered again. It was nice, Tony realized, to be able to hang around the other Avengers again...
Ade, they discovered, was fast and strong, just like Steve, and unfortunately, also wielded magic. It took moments. He easily kicked Steve aside, and sent Tony to the ground. His foot crushed Tony's hand, causing the genius to cry out. Steve struggled to get up.
“A child lashes out,” said Vivienne softly. “An adult listens, then decides.” With a curt nod, Vivienne strode past the man, not looking back.
Tony nearly gasped as they exited the building, and not just because of the very large stream that seemed to be meandering in front of them.
Tony tilted his head, confused at the sudden change in topic, but called it to his hand. Bucky leaned forward, a grin on his face.
“The Herald has an army,” replied Natasha. True, the Herald seemed to depart a lot on various missions, but the troops took care of much as well.
Though they didn't end up having sex that night, they spent far longer than they should have on devouring kisses and lingering touches. The tiny voice in the back of Steve's mind kept telling him to get some sleep, that they both needed it, but then Tony would sigh, and Steve would find his mouth again, and they mapped each other's body with their fingers.
Natasha and Tony go to the Herald's Rest, and are confronted by the Iron Bull, where some of their story is brought to light.
She followed him to the penthouse. Normally, the other Avengers avoided interrupting him, and gave him privacy.
Stane laughed. “Oh Anthony. You were always so gullible. Brilliant, but still. You thought I was friends with you? Don't be an idiot. All I wanted was you out of the way.”
In the center of the room sat three broken pillars. With unsteady feet, he approached, and his eyes widened.
Vivienne sat back. “You are one of those people who throws themselves fully into a project once you've started, aren't you?”
Natasha grabbed Kairi's hand, while Hawkeye picked up Namine. Xion just raced through the portal, not even bothering to stop, and they followed.
Steve replied, a wry grin on his face, “I believe your lovely description involved a lot of ice, and the Iron Bull with a large hammer, and something with Dagna and explosives, I believe, all after Natasha dealt with me. To be honest, I'm not sure Natasha would let me live.”
What he didn't expect was a screech in response, and a bird, almost like a cross between a peacock and hawk, fly into Ade's face. The very tips of its wings were aflame, it's feathers reds, golds, yellows, and blues, and Tony knew that this was Phoenix.
She placed a plate beside him with a roll stuffed with meats, an apple, and a small pastry. He looked at her with large eyes.
This prompted a discussion on different names, some more ridiculous than others. Steve seemed more amused than anything else, but clearly some of the names earned better responses. Tony threw out a few ridiculous ideas, just to watch the Captain blush profusely, glare on a few occasions, shake his head on one, and laugh on another.
And he fell. In this world, darkness reigned, except for a small, bright patch of strained glass, like the shape of his arc reactor.
Tony's breath hitched. They had so much to talk about, a lot of healing to face, and probably lots of arguments ahead of them.
“It's all right,” said the man, cupping his cheek, long, white hair falling around his shoulders, and pity in his eyes. “I'm here now...”
Clint sat up first, stretching his neck side to side as he watched the sun rising. Natasha reached a hand out to take Clint's, while Bucky simply stared at the ceiling. Sam groaned to announce his semi-awareness. Vision and Wanda held each other. Peter, at some point, gave up sleeping and simply sat in the upper corner of the room, watching them. Pepper, Rhodey, and Bruce had taken chairs in the room, but didn't sleep much, either.
“You're seriously going to come with me?” whispered Tony. “After all the crap you've had to deal with, and giving up this position and all that...?”
“Tony, we were going to meet for lunch. Instead, I find you here, working on....something, and I've been standing here, waiting for you to notice...”
He barely avoided the fist that tried to crash down on top of him, rolling to the side, the shield clutched in his hand.
“Now I give you a very simple deal,” said the man, with a yawn. “We all know what type of man you are, Anthony Stark.”
"This is by far the most idiotic thing I've seen so far since coming to Skyhold," Harritt grumbled, gently tapping a bucket filled with water. Tony lugged the buckets himself, taking as many precautions as possible. He was relatively sure he wouldn't entirely catch on fire, but better to be safe.
Tony had a second to see Steve pull himself onto the roof top before Sam attacked. Natasha led him down a fire escape.
He opened his mouth to talk, and suddenly found his lips sealed by Steve's own, a tongue sliding inside. Tony clutched at Steve's uniform, pulling him as close as possible. After nearly suffocating on the kiss, Steve pulled back, taking a deep breath.
Fury cleared his throat. “If you two could please stop eye fucking, can we focus on the fact you admitted to being a mutate?”
“No!” he yelled again, but his body, too weak, and the gentle tug of memory, made it difficult to fight.
More of a continuation of last chapter, the Avengers continue to talk to Aqua, and Steve makes embarrassing declarations that Tony doesn't understand (he'll get there, though)
When someone had to nerve to say, “So you're now one of those mutant freaks,” Steve had a very difficult time not punching the ass in the face.
"Okay," said Tony, standing up. He took a few tentative steps, feeling the weight of the armor. They weren't the heaviest available, but certainly much more than mage robes.
Xigbar's eyebrows shot upwards, his mouth opening silently, before once more they lowered. “That's not good. We'll have to find that person and...”
Natasha carried the three summoning stones Ramuh gave them. Magic, like a lot of things, seemed to come naturally to her. For her, magic was just another tool to use, to blend into her arsenal of, as Tony liked to say, 'kickassery.' Phoenix remained with him, bound with his keyblade.
“He said he'd be here,” said Natasha, her whole body tense. Steve knew that she had taken it upon herself to watch over their brilliant inventor, who had the tendency to forget that taking care of the team meant also taking care of himself. After they had reformed, the two had spent hours talking
Near the door stood a large Qunari, not quite as tall as the Iron Bull, but certainly as muscular as him. Green tattoos covered his arms, though what they meant, Natasha didn't know. His face was marked with vitaar, also mostly green with some white.
Tony still pouted as they walked together to the War Room. He inhaled the food, then returned to his boots, hoping that maybe Natasha changed her mind. She grabbed his ear and pinched, until he relented. He knew the boots could wait, but still...
“Each of us will make a choice,” said Steve. “We can learn, or we can let it go. It doesn't change the fact that we remain a team, here. And Tony and the girls will need to learn anyway.”
“Uh, it's good to see you, too?” he replied, even as the other two began to fight. A hand on his shoulder made him flinch, but he quickly relaxed, realizing that his Compassion spirit had also returned.
“Me? What did I ever do to you? I was just a mage, a nobody, in Kirkwall. You made me think not all Templars were bad!”
Giggles broke the silence, and the three girls ran in, only to stop, wide eyed, at the sight of Ramuh.
“Relax. I'm not going to molest you,” said Steve, sitting down on the corner of his bed, as he indicated a nearby chair.
“Which is something I want to know the full details about, not the shitty drive by you gave the media.”
His heart raced as they flew silently, the news telling very little. He just wanted to tell Tony sorry, to hold him, know he was alive...
Hawkeye shrugged. “Why not? The boss sent me to keep tabs on this anyway, so I have nothing to lose.”
Steve never felt quite as useless as he did now. Even when they fought any sort of magic, he could always fight back in some way, whether fists or shield. Now, he could only watch as Wanda and Dr. Strange tried to track Tony.
He jumped out of the Quinjet, to the muffled cursing of a few of his teammates, but he felt the need to run.
Tony took the time to blink a few more times, then said, “Well, yes, that kiss was...” and promptly found a hand covering his mouth.
“Which direction do we go, Captain?” said Bucky, his rifle pointed down, ready to shoot at a moment's notice.
“Why? Why would they do this?” asked Steve. “I thought the Red Templars wanted more people working, not less.”
For several seconds, they all just stared at the little girl. Tony broke first, shaking just a little. At first, Steve thought he was crying, and then he realized, with a rush of warmth, that he was laughing.
Steve whispered in his ears, pulling Tony's body against his, “you've made mistakes, just like any other human being, and worked your ass off to make things better. You've punished yourself enough, Tony. Now,” and his voice dropped lower, “come to bed.”
Harritt sighed, rubbing his temples. Dagna merely stared, her eyes wide, mouth shaped in a silent 'oh.'
“It's nice to meet someone polite,” said Natasha, giving Tony a glare. “You're more like...a Bruce, or something, not a Hulk.”
“'Tasha...” said Tony, reaching up for her arm. To be honest, he was somewhat flattered at Bull's interest, and very scared. Sure, he had played in the Circle a bit, before Meredith came along and sucked the life out of all of them, but Bull looked like he could snap his neck in two without effort. Not that Tony couldn't flambe him, but not so soon after getting his powers back.
“Yes,” said Ramuh. “When you returned from the Inbetween, I sensed the new powers inside of Tony. Thor and I discussed what occurred, and we felt it prudent to reveal our existence here.”
Xion moved just a bit, still ready to fight, and Steve moved, looking through the bars of the cell...
Tony felt as if someone squeezed his insides, and realized that anxiety was rushing back and forth between the link. Yet what boiled over in seconds was warmth, a bubbling joy that he felt when flying, when truly happy...
He watched Tony. His brows were slightly furrowed, and yet not in anger, and his lips were curled in the barest of smiles. Not happiness, Steve realized, but sorrow.
Despite his sometimes too cheerful attitude, she liked Hawkeye. She also knew he was a spy for Bull and Leliana. This didn't deter him from discussing everything from tracking, to places he had visited, to armour...the list of topics he brought up continued to grow, both of them exchanging information.
Lightening danced across the streets, while shadows danced, and a woman, laughed, but what scared Steve the most...
The words were the Captain's orders, but his eyes, focused on him, were the dark looks of the predator he could become. Tony shivered, and gave just the barest nod.
“Thank you,” he said. “FRIDAY can lead you to the gym. That'll be the best place, for now. We'll figure something else out later.”
Kairi raised her hand, and a flame appeared in her upturned palm. “We all used to have brown hair, like you. When Uncle infused us with the esper blood, it...changed us. That's...that's what he's doing to you.”
The girl nodded her head, and held out a hand. Inside, she held a similar trinket as to the one he had, and though a part of him realized he could be too trusting, he knew she sent him the items that led them  here.
I haven't made final decisions on who will get each esper yet, and if all of them will decide to take on the magic or not; I'm working on it.
“Get the data,” said Axel. “Make your way back to the portal home, and don't worry about us. We've got it covered.”
Ramuh smiled, and placed two other crystals on the table. “You are generous. I have already sent out a message, asking the others for their assistance, and I will gladly assist here. These two are Kirin and Phantom. Kirin teaches healing spells, and Phantom, I'm sure, you can deduce, aides in the shadowed arts.”
“I don't have time for this bullshit,” he mumbled, overriding the system again. “You fucking work for me, asshole.”
Steve blinked his eyes. He had to focus on cleaning up the cuts and bandaging them. Thankfully, they weren't too deep...the others...
“We don't have time,” said Tony, keeping an eye on those around them, even if they didn't wear anything that screamed who they were.
“You make it sound like it's such a difficult choice,” said Steve. “But for me, it's the easiest decision I've ever made.”
Anger, Tony knew, made people irrational. He could admit that, after time. A person could forgive, but the scars left, and not necessarily the physical, could forever return to ache, to fill the mind with what-ifs, could-haves, should-haves, those longings for just one word different, one action less...
Tony woke up to the sound of water lapping up against a shore. He thought he'd be afraid, after his torture, but instead, it seemed to calm him.
“Life,” said Tony, tearing a bagel apart, “is never boring.” He pulled a tub of cream cheese over, and began to scoop out dollops with the pieces. Thankfully, nobody tried to stop him; he probably would've zapped them.
Tony sat back, looking up at her. “You just basically called me young. Why would you want to hear my ideas?”
And in just one moment, whoever or whatever had planned the attacks, gave just a little push. Tony's eyes widened as he stumbled, hands reaching to call his armor, and then he fell into what seemed to be water.
“We're allowed to help you get as far away as possible, except Bruce for obvious reasons, and to distract Steve if you need to get away. We're not restricted like you are, and can use any non-lethal weapons and attacks against him, and no damage to buildings and/or people. Once he's beaten us, and he will, we can no longer help you.”
“No way,” he said. “No matter where we go or do, I'll always find a way back to you guys, no matter how long it takes.”
“No, I can't,” admitted Cullen. “As I've said before, I can't take back those I've hurt, nor can I undo the injustice I let slid by, but I can apologize for my shortcomings, and I can try to do better. I'm sorry.”
“My heart isn't pure,” said Tony, scoffing. Steve frowned, and Tony shot him a look, brows furrowed.
Whatever the reason, and Kairi knew it wasn't anything good, they managed to convince Howard to let them go with them...
However, the good part of being a mage was also being able to communicate with spirits, and just like the damned Fear demon, Tony also attracted a few spirits with him. One spirit of Justice, decided it was high time to be reintroduced, and punched the demon in the face.
They waited for a moment for some sort of elaboration. The sound of the doors hissing open broke the silence.
“I need to go,” he said abruptly, turning around and practically sprinting out the doors. He thought he heard someone call his name, but it didn't matter.
Carefully, they devised a plan. The idea was to give just enough information to appease the media, make it look like the Avengers were not keeping secrets, and keep the espers a secret.
Sticking his tongue out, Tony held Waterfall out for Steve to take, as Bruce wrapped the band aide on his finger.  To their surprise, Steve managed to hold the blade for only a few seconds, before it disappeared, then reappeared in Aqua's hand.
“Best idea ever,” mumbled Tony, practically sitting on Steve's lap as he hid his face into his shoulder.
Axel cleared his throat. “Thanks. I'll...one day, okay? Aqua knows a bit. Anyway, show us your keyblade, Tony.”
"This is extremely exciting," said Dagna, inspecting the boots, brow furrowed as she tried to find the runes used. Tony hid them on purpose.
Tony thought that perhaps these attempts proved the statement true, but he couldn't shake the notion that perhaps he could do more good if only he could get this to work.
“He's always admired you, Steve. For years. And if you start talking about how you two argue all the time, blah blah blah, that doesn't stop you two from being attracted to each other.”
“Oy! That's not yours!” she vaguely heard Harritt say, but she really didn't care who the knife belonged to; she moved to stand in front of Tony.
“I apologize,” Natasha said, when she finally pulled her eyes away from the hand. She was usually far better at her scrutiny, and here she was, studying him like some sort of puzzle to solve. Hadn't she already heard of the Herald and his ability to close rifts? But still...
Tony moved, snarling, his eyes unfocused, claws striking. Steve stepped forward, not worried that his nails felt like knives cutting into his arms, that his teeth were even sharper.
The sound of small feet pattering against the floor stilled them, and Bucky raised his gun. Steve brought his own hand up; wait.
His whole body burned, and he awoke with a gasp. Tied down to the bed, Tony could only move his head to the side.
“Bought them,” she said, putting a beanie on his head. “We're going to start training after this. I know you're more flexible than you let on.”
Tony opened his eyes as flames surrounded them. Xigbar cursed, smacking some flames off his black robes. Another man stood beside them, long, red hair falling to below his waist, green eyes sparkling at them. His grin reminded Tony of the times he caught Clint in the middle of a prank, impish.
“What?” he asked, glancing around the room. Wanda, Clint, Sam, Steve, even what's her name, Sharon or something...all of them were here? Why were they here?
Bull leaned back in his chair, relaxed, his smile growing. “You've got backbone. I like that in a woman, Widow. I also like redheads.”
They had plenty of time to practice with the new toys. A few bandits decided to attempt to rob them, but overall, Clint and Natasha made sure the area before them remained clear of animals.
The two others watched silently, standing to the side. Tony counted, then used his magic to activate the runes...
This didn't make her give up. Oh no. She just fought harder, fought dirtier. Black Widow, they called her, because she was silent, deadly, and beautiful. In between the fighting and the simmering anger, she watched and studied, and looked for some way to bring back her brother.
She took a step back and watched as he moved his hand. Bright golden light filled the air in front of him. It wasn't an exact replication, and it faded from the air, fizzling out. He nodded.
"I get headaches sometimes... I find doing more than one thing at a time bugs me. Like walking and chewing gum. Before all this, that was easy. Now, I feel like it takes all my focus. I think that's why I stutter too sometimes. If I'm thinking too much my mouth forgets what I'm saying mid-way through. It gets worse when I'm stressed. There are some things I don't remember very well, but I'm okay. I'm healing." Maggie frowned.
"I'll let you know." Tony promised before turning around. So, how was he supposed to woosh back to wherever he was? "Uh, Strange?"
Even with his movements slowed, his perception of time far slower than hers, there was a smile quirking on Strange's lips. Shit, what was he planning?
"That good, huh?" He laughed. "How about some lunch and we can work through some more Hamlet? I'll even quiz you."
"What?" Peter asked. Then he ducked under a punch. He webbed up the attacker and paused when he saw a flash of blood on the floor. The blood was pouring out of his own body on the floor. "What is that?"
Tony's eyes widened. "I'm...sure it'll handle that just fine. We're hoping to see less blood on your suit though. That's the goal."
He stepped into the mirror dimension so he could remain unseen and stood in the corner of the guest bedroom, the room that he quickly was seeing as Margaret's. He opened the eye and took a deep breath before rewinding time. He felt like an intruder. It felt wrong to be in her room while she slept. But she'd asked him to look. So he did.
Tony stood and squeezed his shoulders. "Not your fault. You did what you could do for her, and it helped. She seemed to bounce back."
Pepper snorted. "He couldn't tie his shoes without me. Sure, he can engineer a badass suit to fight the monsters in a cave, but the man would forget to eat, sleep, and breathe without me." She smiled kindly. "And you. You've been a good influence. Glad me and Rhodey aren't the only ones kicking his ass into taking care of himself."
"I'm presuming you just fought a bad guy. If you're anything like this kid, you need your food. What do you like?" Tony asked again.
If you know the movie I'm quoting in this, unlike Steve, then you're my kind of people. Sorry about all the fluff and world building, but I need a break from action. (But, there are plot things hidden in this fluff, just because I don't want to write action doesn't mean I'm neglecting plot.)
She didn't waste time thinking about it. She kept one hand holding the ceiling, one hand keeping the babe close, ran for the window, and jumped. "Back off! The building's coming down. Back up!" She warned everyone until they were back behind the danger line. She landed on the ground gently then let go of the building. It resumed it's fall at a normal pace. Thankfully, only a few floors collapsed, it would likely come down the rest of the way later, but for now it was stopped. She felt dizzy at the use of her power. She couldn't stop though. She lowered the boy to the ground and gave him back his baby brother. "See those flashing lights?" She pointed to an ambulance that had just arrived. "Go to them, they'll help you, okay?"
She pulled out Hamlet and frowned. She hated English homework. She bit her lip and started reading. It was painful. Not only was reading normal English hard enough, but now it was Old English and slang Old English on top of it. Shakespeare was writing for the common folk, sure, but definitely not for Maggie. She barely made it two pages before her head fell against the wall. Why did it have to be so confusing? Maybe there was a modern translation somewhere. Or she could look up a summery. That would be easier to digest.
He didn't know what he was expecting, but that was the BEST possible answer. Peter rolled backwards onto the roof and lost it. He wasn't sure his voice came out right, but between giggles he said, "You got grounded by Dr. Dad."
"Well, you have a dead child on your hands." Strange nodded when the man looked stricken. "Can take as little as thirty minutes, which is shorter that what that teacher made my daughter wait while she was crying in pain. Now, let me tell you about my daughter."
"When Tony asked about Maggie, the man responded in the plural. He has both of them." Steve said. "It isn't in his interest to get rid of either of them." Steve's jaw flexed.
Strange blinked, then nodded. "She has a lot to deal with. Her powers are vast. Training, properly, takes a lot of time, focus, study, and dedication. So, yes, I can understand that point."
"Well then you got to beat me with something, you just can't claim victory like that. Gotta win the war with something good."
"No, you don't have to be sorry, kid." Tony soothed, pulling him close. "Let's get cuddled up. Maybe some rest before seeing your therapist, huh?"
"Hmm? Probably. Christine's running tests. Had to remove bits of skull from her brain, drain the blood and, oh, yes put her skull together like a puzzle, but...yeah, she'll probably be fine." The tears welled up in his eyes again. "She's jumbled, but doesn't seem completely out of it, but we'll find out."
Ned put on his game-face. "Okay, I'm going to say suit. So, try on the black and the gray, then we can figure out which color shirt."
Maggie's lips twitched up in a small smile. "You're okay. You're..." Maggie's eyes met his hand and she frowned. Her pupils were different sizes, slightly. So slightly that Peter was surprised that Dr. Strange's unenhanced vision noticed. She looked a little...out of focus. "'M sorry."
"Dear Sweet Baby Jesus, he doesn't know what we're talking about, does he?" Peter looked at Steve, hurt. "I have my choice for movie night."
Maggie turned and grinned up at her dad, stepping free of Peter's grip from when he'd carried her. "Hi, Dad." She smiled.
"I've done this a million times... Okay, probably closer to a few thousand, but still. How are YOU afraid of heights?"
Peter didn't listen, as best as one could with super hearing. If Maggie needed help, she'd call. And Doctor Strange was bossing around a couple of nurses, not even in a mean way, but in a concerned-doctor way. "Order me two units, if you've got them. If you don't have it, I'll do with two of the O-. Have a third on standby, just in case, I don't know how much was in her clothes. And nothing funky in it. I know you deal with radioactive up here, but she's not. Normal, human, blood will work." He started talking specific pain meds and technical terms Peter didn't understand, but he figured Maggie was going to be well taken care of.
"Oh my God!" A nurse flinched at the nurse's station. Either because of his sudden appearance, or by the look of the teenager in his arms...either way, he didn't have time to explain.
Maggie tilted her head, tried to read the text. All the words seemed jumbled, confusing, as if they weren't English...or even words. Her headache was instant, so she looked away and settled into the chair across from him. When she'd first met him, he'd intimidated her. He was so much taller than her, bigger...stronger. She was cautious with most people, especially if they looked stronger than her, it didn't matter, guy, girl, whatever. She was cautious with all new people and didn't like being outnumbered or cornered. But, he'd never hurt her, not even when he helped teach her to spar. More than once he'd helped patch her up after fights. The worst he ever acted was lightly annoyed with her, but even that had a gained a fond edge to it. Ever since she'd helped him with some of his research, he'd become less of an annoyed, reluctant mentor and more of a fondly annoyed mentor, which seemed to be progress. "That's why I came to you. I need someone who has a clue what they're doing."
His care for Peter would be that weakness. And, thanks to a clever friend. If Steve Rogers happened to intervene, they had a tranq good enough to keep him down. It'd be easy enough. Really.
"She's...her own thing, but it's similar." He said, slowly pulling the bloody gloves off his hands and cleaning them. They were shaking, and not because of his injury. "Thank you, Christine." He whispered as he went back to Maggie's side.
"You're okay." Strange leaned forward. "You're going to feel off for a bit. I know it's confusing, but you actually did really well with the tests. I know it doesn't feel that way, but you did good."
Hello again, everyone. Trying to make up for all the lost time here. Doing pretty okay so far. I think... Maybe.
"Uh...pretty. I gotta control it more often than not." Peter turned and picked up the baddie. "What was this about?"
Maggie whimpered when she heard her dad's voice. She reached out for him. Too dizzy to know which one of the three dads she saw was him.
"Read it aloud. Plays are not meant to be read, they're meant to be viewed, played by actors. How much are you meant to finish this weekend?"
"Alright. We'll get you on the schedule. There are a few things you need to do (more accurately NOT do) before we can do the work. I'll give you all a packet. And we'll talk about some rehab that will help walking you through getting used to the prosthetics. Okay?"
"My friend, Peter. He looked lost...confused. He was scared. He was hurt too... He wasn't normal. And there was...he acted like there was something with him, someone with him. But there was nothing with him. He was surrounded by a vague sense danger but...there was nothing."
Mr. Stane walked right up to him. "Who let you into the building? This lab isn't part of the school tours."
"I know." Tony sighed and leaned back slowly. "I'm firing the whole BoD once I've got control back. Then I'm giving Pepper CEO. She's got a whole team in mind already. I can't wait. Finally my name won't be the cause of pain across the world. It can be a sign of help...hope. Safety not fear."
Peter settled in between them. It felt good, safe. Home. The love in that embrace was wonderful. And there was no threat to it now, no fear. Peter knew there were bad guys out there and that all three of them had people who'd love to hurt them. But this was solid, real. They'd make it through.
"Oh, I get it. Is Peter that Spider...guy I've heard of in New York. Are you two related? You are both spiders after all, right?" Thor asked.
"No shitting?" Ned asked with huge eyes. "Awesome! So...how's your family been? I saw online that your dad broke his arm in an accident. Is he alright?"
"It's so weird that you remember that shit. Only Strange and Professor X has only ever seemed to notice when I do that." Maggie shrugged. "Yeah. Glad you had a good birthday."
Ya'll have been amazing. I know I haven't responded to every comment like I normally do. But I read all of them and I love you guys.
"Yeah, unfortunately. Too many spaces to even think about protecting them all. Plus some things can naturally travel dimensions. I know a mutant who can do that, he takes no heed of doors, closed or otherwise." Strange said. "But being able to get in and out of dimensions is pretty important."
"No." Peter laughed. "Promise you aren't gray. I'd notice. Just didn't want you to walk alone. Why don't you take the subway?"
"Thank you." Maggie whispered hoarsely, then let her head fall back to the desk, trying to block out as many sounds and as much light as she could.
Tony looked at him and smiled. "You know, this is fine. The trouble's worth it, plus, I knew this one was coming. I mentally prepared for it months ago. We're going to be fine."
"If these people can make kids vanish from the Earth without me being able to see it...I can imagine they can screen calls." Tony said. "They probably didn't want more people involved..."
There was cold laughter on the other side. "That would require you to find us. And if you did...she'd already be dead." The phone clicked.
A young man stood up. "Mr. Beck...what about the girl? What...are you going to do with her?" He looked strangely eager.
"Hey, it's alright." Steve pulled him close and kissed his head. "We were worried and you did break the rules. But we were only upset because we love you and want you safe, you know that, right?"
Tears ran down his face, burning in the cuts. Was he telling the truth? Was he lying? Was Maggie alive? Dead? Did they ever capture her? What the hell was going on? "She...she has nothing to do with my dad."
Peter grinned and leaned against the wall. Even though he was the only one in the elevator, the lights hadn't dimmed, which was a little weird, but didn't bug him. "How are you doing, J?"
"It's like a mask." Maggie blinked shook her head and her focus came back to the room. "I was scared of him. I don't know why."
"Bank on Atlantic, right?" Peter asked. It was Brooklyn. But Spiderman wasn't just for Queens. He was on his way home from patrol, he could stand to go a little off course.
"What? No, you don't have to. I've learned to live with it. I just call people like the 'old days' and I don't read texts during certain times of the day, especially in the morning. I even go to school later in the day. It helps a lot. I've learned to work with it."
"Well, technically I guess I did, but I'm just looking out for you. You told me you gotta rest sometimes, remember? I'm just trying to return the favor and help. What's going on with you?" The stress had to be real. Tony'd never looked at him with that much...disdain before.
Everything that they were doing was focused on the monster. But the monster didn’t exist. You couldn’t portal something that wasn’t there. Couldn’t speed it up or slow it down. Couldn’t cut it. Couldn’t whoosh it away.
"Sorry." Peter frowned when he collided with Maggie for the third time. "Timing's still a bit off." He grabbed ahold of her arms to keep her from tumbling over. She wasn't a slouch. She was well-built from dancing, but running into a super-human could throw anyone off balance.
"Doctor." He corrected, his tone no-nonsense. "I'm a neurosurgeon and if I say she needs to have access to her meds, then she needs them. Now she's so far gone she probably can't take them. Do you know how much pain she's in?!"
"You've been giving off some bad vibes recently...not you personally just...in general." Maggie sounded tired. "I'll figure it out...maybe."
"Even broken I don't want him to have hands on more power. People like him shouldn't have any more power than he already does." Tony shook his head. "I've tried pinning him down...but he keeps his information locked up somewhere even JARVIS can't find it. We tried...many times. If I could just expose what he's been doing...well, then this would be easy. Iron Man would be a hero, day saved. Woo-hoo, go team."
Ness moved to grab the blanket from the back of the sofa, but Strange already had it, his shaky hands unfolding it to wrap around her. Ness pulled it toward her to make sure Maggie's feet were covered too. She shared a small, knowing smile with Strange and loved when the man quickly looked away, embarrassed at being caught. Ness could see how close he was getting to Maggie. It had been changing for a while, but it seemed Strange too was starting to notice just how different it had become.
"Or I could watch you get yourself hurt when it backfires and then I can heroically save the day." Wong suggested.
She replayed Wade's words in her head. "Maggie, if someone is trying to hurt you, you protect yourself, you hear me?"
Peter landed on the building opposite of SI and his eyes widened. His dad and Stane were fighting. It...wasn't pretty. He regretted ever coming up with a power source idea for his internship. He hated that the brutal clashing, the hits his Dad was taking, was all on him.
Things were fine. Except they weren't... Tony couldn't put his hand on it, but he knew that somehow all of this was going to go very, very badly. He was in a room, full of board members. They were discussing his latest projects, his 'madness', his insane plans to move SI from guns to tech. Apparently, his success with the limited capacity they'd given him was enough to show he wasn't as insane as they'd imagined. He knew they'd never give him outright control back, because they knew he'd fire them if he had the chance, but they didn't want to waste the potential money his ideas might earn them either.
"All bandaged up. The one on your side is deepest, we need to get that one next, okay?" Strange asked, his voice gentle, professional, almost bored in its even delivery.
Almost called this chapter 'Thanks...I hate it' but while it made me laugh, it didn't fit with the tone.
"I consulted him. He helped teach me." Dr. Strange nodded. "We should get you settled in and some pain killers."
Peter listened. He could hear the doctors working on his dad. It seemed Dr. Cho liked music on while she worked too. No problems seemed to be going on with his dad. They were all calm, even chatty. Peter sighed in relief, knowing his dad was safe and in good hands, apparently the break wasn't too bad and he was getting a few stitches. He wished his papa were with him, but he knew his papa would be there as soon as he could be.
"Terrifying. Yeah...first time she had a nightmare on us I almost shit myself. Never heard screams like that before...and I was surrounded in round-the-clock torture at one point. Kids...man." Wade shook his head. "I'll get her something to drink...do you need anything? I got booze."
"He ran away. Lost count of how long ago. He got away..." She looked at Strange, her eyes squinted too much for him to tell what her pupils were doing. "I can't tell them here. They might be watching still."
Her eyelids instantly went heavy. She tried to grasp at her powers, but the sleepier she became the harder it was to even know they were there.
Maggie was a little uncoordinated. As if everything in her world was shifted a few centimeters off. She frowned at it, but after a moment, she lifted a spoon of tapioca and took a small bite. "Manna."
"Sir is going to be fine." JARVIS said as soothingly as an AI could. "He's in stable condition. Captain Rogers simply didn't want you out and about...it seems he too is under some stress. Just keep breathing, Peter. Everything's fine."
"Yeah." Tony called as he worked on the arm of his suit. "Quick tip, kid. Pretend like everything in here will explode."
"Yes, Doctor." Nurse Joy called. A few moments later the curtain opened. Maggie looked better, cleaner, dressed in baggy scrubs instead of a gown. She was still pale though.
"Hit him a few times for both of us." Clint agreed. "Don't make it quick." He stage whispered to Wade.
"That's what teammates are for, Stark. That's why you should have had us to begin with." She snarked, but said it with a small smile. She walked forward and handed Tony a file, likely full of the names of all the baddies. "How's my favorite baby elephant?" She walked forward and sat next to Peter.
"I'm not an idiot, Peter. Plus, I live with an anti-hero who says and I quote 'I've read this story before' and he fawns over Iron Man. You're dad fights bad guys. Wade gets paid to kill worse guys. I'm not even remotely capable of judging. I mean, have you met Wade?" She laughed. "I'm pretty sure your dad isn't the villain he wants everyone to think he is." She stood with a stretch. "I'm not telling anyone, by the way. I'm pretty damn good at keeping secrets. I have to be, because Wade never shuts the hell up and I think he's always a page ahead of everyone else." She smiled.
"Yeah... Mom and Dad cooked everything from scratch. Ness and Wade don't. I get...tired of take-out...but trusting them to cook is a bad idea. So I just...make things up. I'm okay at it."
"Before you came to the food bank." Maggie shrugged. "Before I met you, I had a dream. You were here. So sick, but you were getting help. I remember seeing Mr. Stark make a shake and walk into your room, and someone from social services. I knew you'd be helped, so when police came looking for you..."
Peter didn't know how to get his point across without alerting people around him. He knew the Mr. Stark in the lab wasn't real. He didn't know if anyone else was with the fake Mr. Stark. Peter thought about his words carefully, in case they were listening. "I have the internship today, just letting you know, Dad."
"It's cool, just glad you're okay." Peter said then glanced at Strange, who even looked weird, given his relaxed clothes and his cape. "Dude, sweet cape. Does it fly?"
"I won't. I've got you. I won't let go." He promised and the cloak of levitation slipped from his shoulders and twisted around her, gentle. He freed one hand and dropped the man on the floor through a portal to deal with later. Then he turned and headed back. His eyes darted down. The far side of her head...didn't look right. It was hard to tell under the blood in her hair how much damage was done...was her skull faintly glowing green?
"I worried she might be turned vengeful given her time with Wilson... and her past. She's a good kid, I don't expect that to ever change. Worries like that, though are for the future. Can only help her now. Future will sort itself." Strange sighed. "She's a good girl. I don't want her to be hurt again and I don't want her to lose herself. She needs guidance. I can't do all of it, but I can help." He looked at the necklace. "This is stupid. Is it stupid? Too much?"
"Well, Tony's a tough guy, I'm sure he'll wake up and be his usual snarky self." Nat gave him a warm smile.
"I don't think so...not without hurting him, he's locked up tight, Tony." Steve looked down at it. At the blood on the floor, the three missing fingers... There was something on the leg of the chair. "Tony...it's got some sort of lock on it."
She pulled the jacket from the mannequin and pulled it on. She froze. It fit perfectly. Tailored. Even having extra space on the arm she wore her watch on. It allowed her full range of motion...everything. It was...weird. "How do you know my measurements?"
He slid closer to her and she felt pressure increase on her forearm as his face came into focus. "Hey, it's okay. Can you feel my hand?"
The Avengers were here, sans Captain America. Thor was soaring in. Peter could see Maggie trying to hold her own against not one, but two assassins. Her whole body was glowing green, she was obviously using every ounce of strength in her to keep up with both of them. She wouldn't be able to maintain a fight like that for too long. She'd reach her limit.
Maggie laughed, nearly tumbling from her rooftop perch. "I'll admit, that's gold. Can you beat this classic?" She started the Bubble Blowing dance.
"Yes, sir." Within a few seconds the air was filled with holograms. All different stats and videos of her work. "I've used facial recognition to ID her. Margaret Wilson, attends a creativity-focused school in Manhattan after attending Xaviar's School for Gifted Youngsters for a year, takes ballet lessons at Peter's dance studio, and volunteers at a food bank. Though her connection to her adopted father Wade Wilson (AKA Deadpool) is troubling, she doesn't have a single blemish on her record that I can find. She also seems to frequent an address on Bleecker Street with some regularity."
"Peter, this is likely a mutant with unknown powers. I'm sure I advise speaking with her alone. Would you like me to call for help?"
Tony sighed, he couldn't lose his temper. He wasn't going to lose his temper. This was Peter. Peter is a great kid and Tony wasn't going to be his father. "Kid, what's going on?"
"If it helps. Wade and Strange went to help." Vanessa grinned at Maggie. "Maggie convinced them to go. None of us wanted to leave her. She's our girl...and she's hurt. But she's a fuckin' superhero."
Peter pulled Ned quickly into the ally and gave him a nudge toward the door before turning around to wait for an attack.
"My creator is very paranoid. Perhaps I inherited that trait." JARVIS agreed. The elevator took them to the medbay.
After a few seconds of fumbling, Steve snatched up the bottle, took two out and put them on the counter. "You can ask for help, you know?"
"Oh, sorry, sir. This is Peter Parker. He won the competition for the internship program. He's a brilliant kid." Tracy grinned. "He helps out around here sometimes. Has a badge and everything." She pointed to the collar of Peter's shirt.
"The man who 'ook me. I saw his real face. He 'ook me with his 'eal f-face. Wore a fish bowl later."
"My mind is almost exclusively logic. Having a non-linear mind around is... helpful sometimes." Dr. Strange admitted. "Thank you for the suggestion. I'll see if it works, after you've gone, no need for you to get in the middle of the fight."
"I've seen body parts regrown, I'm not squeamish." Maggie pulled off her mask. "Uh, may I use the bathroom? My hair's a mess. That asshole had absolutely no sense of fashion, and apparently had something against hair ties."
"I know a concerned dad when I see one, Strange." Christine patted his shoulders. "Go. You promised not to leave her. Don't steal ALL of my equipment."
"That building is... I don't think it's stable anymore." Peter said with wide eyes. He'd managed to subdue the baddie with one of Vulture's weapons, but it had heavily damaged a building. He was on the side of a wall, looking at the building across from them.
"Yeah, Papa is going to be a little late tonight, so we'll head up there and have a late dinner. That okay?"
Peter's stubs ached. It was raining outside. And when it rained, the ends of the fingers Beck had cut off always hurt. An ache that annoyed more than anything else. He rubbed them. He didn't want the prosthetics on. They hurt more during storms and taking off the prosthetics made them feel better. Peter settled for rubbing them.
"Hey, kid." Happy responded, still keeping the dark-haired woman back. Peter could remember her from the recital.
"Sure thing. I might be a bit late though. Sorry for bothering you. You're school's probably about to start."
"Oh, yeah, I told you, I gave her a way to get ahold of Spiderman...well and me. Wait, is she calling Spiderman or Peter?"
"You have limited data. The numbers are correct, but they might not be right, given all possible variables." Peter corrected. He trusted Tony's work, because who wouldn't, but even a genius couldn't be 100% correct without all the data. "If these numbers are right. His power source can't sustain that size of a suit for more than two hours, without suffering malfunctions or possible failings..."
The context was clear. They may not start off wanting to hurt the kids too badly, but...if they got bored. If they wanted Tony to have more pain and suffering...then it could get very very bloody. "Fuck, this is my fault." Tony whispered, tears running down his face. He didn't even know what he'd done. Who did he piss off this time? First Stane, now these people? His son had gone through enough and so had Maggie Wilson.
"What? Tech's cool. I like seeing new tech. Sometimes AI's can be super complex, almost real. JARVIS is my boi. And DUM-E, he's adorable." He didn't mention Karen. Beck didn't know about her and he didn't want to have to try to explain her. "I just always assume they're friends I haven't met yet." Peter shrugged.
"Aw, Karen, that was funny. Good one! Go ahead and answer. She may need help." Peter turned toward Brooklyn.
Peter pursed his lips slightly. This could be awkward, but he wanted to know. "So, you don't call Wade and Vanessa your parents?"
"Wow, that's awesome." Peter grinned and leaned forward, looking at the little drone. "Cool. The programming you guys have put into this is amazing. Hi, little guy." Peter pet the top of the drone.
Maggie blinked and looked up. Dr. Strange was towering over her, holding her tight. His gray-blue eyes full of concern.
Strange wanted so badly to pull her close, wipe her tears, and tell her she was safe. He couldn't touch her right now...and...the look in her eyes. She didn't LOOK like she'd just had a nightmare.
"I didn't mean it like that, you look good." Peter felt his face grow warm. "You know fine. You know what I mean." He rambled. "You do have a pretty gnarly scar though."
"My AI." Peter answered. "Do get ahold of the police so they can get the thieves picked up." He followed her.
"You said we'd patrol together. I called you a while ago and you didn't answer. Then...I called again and texted and you didn't answer. It isn't like you. I was worried you were in trouble. May have tracked your phone."
There was a couple pictures Maggie showed him. "It was a really weird week. But it's kinda nice. We got all these pictures up on the walls. I got to feel like a kid for the first time ever... As awkward as it was, it was nice... Don't ever tell anyone I said that."
"Yeah, well next time it's gonna be Fall Out Boy. I've been listening to all their stuff recently to prepare."
"No baths. Keep the pressure wraps on as long as you can. Don't soak them. If they come off..." Strange glanced at the Wilsons. He schooled his face quickly, but there was a twinge of mistrust. "When they come off, call me, I'll change them."
"Great, always wanted to be a loose end." She hissed, her voice rough, she was pretty sure she had hand-shaped bruises around her throat. Her head felt wet and sticky too. Her head really hurt. She let a small part her powers reach out to the room. The drone was gone. They weren't watching. They didn't have to anymore. She was trapped, injured, and they were going to kill her anyway. No point in watching her anymore. "Okay." She grit her teeth. She felt like a punching bag, and she knew this was going to hurt, but she had to get out. She wasn't going to let them kill her.
"Or...is it Peter Stark? Stark-Rogers? Rogers-Stark? Rogers? Do you hyphenate? Parker-Stark-Rogers?"
The stage went black. Light piano music began to play and the lights came up. Peter and Maggie began to dance together, not quite ballet, more freeform a little less professional. It was a slow, comfortable dace. They looked like they'd been dancing for years. Then, that's when Tony noticed the details. Green. Maggie was wearing green and glasses. Tony'd never met Peter's Aunt May, but Peter had told him her favorite color was green and Tony was pretty sure Maggie was wearing glasses very similar to the ones May wore in the photo next to Peter's bed.
Peter felt that tingle again. But the anger that shot threw him smothered the bothered feeling. He huffed and stormed out of the room, ignoring the sad looks from his friends and the wounded look on Quentin's face. He headed for the elevator. "JARVIS, first floor."
"I love it." She sighed, but didn't take a sip. "Are you doing okay? You haven't been to dance in a while." She commented, rubbing her jaw idly with a hand. She kept doing that. Peter wondered why.
Peter grabbed his plate and jumped. He had to hide. He'd stolen food from Thor. Thor would be pissed. The usually mild-mannered god of thunder hadn't ever been mean to Peter, but what if he was? What if he hurt Peter for taking the pop tarts? Peter was strong, but he was pretty sure he wasn't Thor strong. He'd be dead, all over pop tarts.
"Oh, so they can hear me? Yeah, all adorable. Best looking family award goes to the Starks. Stark-Rogers? Rogers-Starks? Do they hyphenate? No, I bet Tony's got them all as Starks."
"I know. Hell, I've seen him worse off before. I just hate it every time... I'm sure he doesn't like it all that much when I'm hurt either." Steve shook his head. Then he seemed to notice the discomfort in Peter. "You've got to be starving, Pete. What with dance and swinging over here. How about you go upstairs and get something to eat?"
"Dr. Palmer, now, please." He didn't like the blood in her hair. There was too much for his liking. Her head was falling back, unsupported by her any more, her eyes shifted, pupils mismatched in size. She was deteriorating fast. What the hell was happening? Oh...the green light around her skull...it was flickering, fading.
"Darlin'." Steve interjected, raising an eyebrow. "Enough. Let him be. If he wants to tell her or not, that's his choice."
"Professor Baldo is pretty good at it, maybe you can get a lesson or something. Where are the x-people anyway? You think the writer might include them after mentioning them so often. Professor Baldo could do his 'find the spider' thing with his tin hat on. Don't you think more superheros would be better? Or too deus ex?"
And she was always the one to text him first. Her writing a bit worse than normal. And when she called, he didn't pick up.
Footsteps appeared, the chair across from her groaned, and she could hear quiet breathing. "What was that about?"
"You didn't know what you were facing. Barely awake and she still had the forethought. All I could think about was her." Strange shook his head.
"What? Kid, I'm in the same building as you. Wait! What's wrong? Stay on the line, don't go." Tony said. "JARVIS, find Peter." There was silence for a moment.
"They're calling it an elemental at the moment. They don't know how to stop it just yet. It keeps coming back. There's fire everywhere..." Maggie frowned. "Dr. Strange is really perplexed. Said it doesn't make any sense...they can't...hit it. It can deal damage but...it's untouchable."
"Sir has been hard at work. He wanted your suit to run at its optimal capabilities and for you to have someone who could be devoted to looking out specifically for you."
"Alright." Maggie said, waving to Hamir before trailing after Strange. Maybe this place could help her headaches. Maybe she'd be okay.
"I've got you. I've got you." He wrapped his arm around her, his other hand still in hers. "You're safe. I've got you." He promised, before he lifted her in his arms.
"I sometimes add different spices and vegetables to the packaged stuff." Maggie took a spoonful. "This is good."
Peter paused, a little taken aback. There was some actual aggression in Tony's tone. He'd never heard that from his Dad before, not directed at him. His neck tingled. "I'm just saying, as a teenager who's had detention, the Captain America lectures suck." He tried to make a joke, to difuse the tension. Maybe Tony'd just had a bad day...the man was under a lot of stress and had just had someone try to kill him. "I can't imagine he'd be happy with you working when you have broken bones. You should rest and heal up. It's not like you're a super soldier, you know?" Peter was worried. He didn't like the idea of Tony working with broken bones. Sure, he understood why Tony'd work, Peter worked beyond the times he should have before, but still. Steve really WOULD be pissed off if he found out Tony was working. Not that Steve was any better. Peter was quickly learning that Steve broke lots of rules. Those who don't do teach, right?
"I'm gonna stop you right there. It sounds like you're almost offering yourself up as bait." Tony narrowed his eyes.
"I don't want you to change. I love you guys... I just...miss it." She promised. It was true. They were great.
"I don't need you to do more than what you want to. But...if she could see you more often, I think it would be good for her."
Maggie felt the cape press down on her before it flew to Strange's shoulders. She smiled at him. "Thanks."
"Let yourself be in the moment. If you believe it, they will too." She smiled. "You're going to be fine. I'll meet you out there. Just pretend it's you and me in a practice room. We practiced with the lighting during rehearsals, pretend it's rehearsal. You'll be fine."
Happy didn't argue the point as Pepper left the garage. They didn't have to wait, considering the heavy flow of traffic in and out, likely it was event parking. Happy pulled away as Peter and Ned divided the food three ways. The drive north was quite, but thankfully not full of any tension or awkward silence.
"I could almost triple that time with household parts... Shit. He mentioned something about what I might be capable of with better equipment."
Vanessa washed half Maggie's hair under Strange's guidance. She'd helped Maggie in the bath, mostly the way a mother would make sure a child didn't drown on accident. But this was the first time they'd really gotten to wash her hair. Strange showed Vanessa how by cleaning the more damaged side, showing her how to keep it clean and mostly dry. It wasn't pretty. Vanessa tried not to show any reaction, but she hated seeing the line held shut by what looked like staples in Maggie's scalp...and the huge patch of Maggie's hair that was gone. Maggie'd always had such pretty, long hair. It looked so wrong for it to not be there.
"Wow, never thought I'd see it. Got to see both Dr. Strange and Captain America's dark sides. Keep that up and you could be in the DCU." Wade grinned then sat next to Maggie. "Well, look at you all bright-eyed and bushytailed. How's my girl?"
"It's just...I should've stuck closer to her. She shouldn't have been alone. She doesn't just...bounce back. She's not like me." Peter winced, realizing he'd just outted himself to the wizard, but the wizard didn't seem surprised at all.
"Cool." He held out his hand. "I'm Quentin. I normally work a couple floors up, but came down to help Tracy out a bit with her coding. She's been going on about you, so I thought I'd say hi."
"We're going to make it all better, okay?" Vanessa's voice didn't sound all that comforting. "Strange?!"
Peter sighed. "I wasn't athletic before I got my powers. I had asthma and was basically a twig. Gained thirty pounds in muscle after I got my powers...doing that overnight was...weird. I couldn't bench press before, so it'd be weird for me to do it now. An A- for me is low."
Maggie smiled gently. Then frowned. "There are people in this building who mean you a great deal of harm." She said. She looked down, as if through the floor, then up at Tony. "They really want to hurt you."
He was pretty close, within a couple feet, so she reached out and grabbed his hand. She just wanted to make sure. Every time she closed her eyes she was worried that things had changed, that they weren't real. But then she felt his scars under her sore fingertips and she could tell what was real. The same was true of visions. She could tell reality and visions apart because she couldn't feel visions, but she could feel reality. Without a hesitation, Strange wrapped his hand around hers, gently squeezing. "Sorry. I jus'...keep checking."
The sheets around Maggie's bed were pulled away. She was covered in a medical gown. She looked awfully pale. The metal table next to her bed had bloody, sharp instruments neatly placed on it. And there were piles of bloody gauze. Doctor Strange took a step back. "You're going to need new clothes. I don't want you standing anywhere alone right now. Would you trust a nurse to help you? You can call me if you need me. I'll be here."
"They don't know I live here." Peter said with a shake of his head. "I think they'd use that if they knew. And I don't feel unsafe here. I don't even feel unsafe in the lab. I mean, I feel...off, but the spidersense doesn't go off like 'danger' it goes off like 'something's weird.' Though when Mr. Stane was around I did get danger vibes. But in the lab I don't feel completely unsafe, more uncomfortable than anything. I don't think they're watching the house."
"That's the thing, we already pretty much have what we want. The only thing that's missing is a bit of payback."
Steve, Nat, and Clint looked around the alley together. Clint knelt down on the right side of the alley and looked at the ground. "Someone was here."
Tony made a 'come here' gesture. Peter slid closer to Tony and Tony wrapped his arm around him, holding tight. "I love you, kid. Don't listen to a damn thing that fake says to you, got it? It isn't true. I love you and I will always listen to you." Tony promised in a voice that held no lies.
"That's good thinking, kiddo." Beck squeezed his shoulder. "You're a good kid and a smart one. This is only the beginning of what you're capable of. Drink up the moment, okay?"
"I don't think she knows that. She's independent in many ways, afraid to outlast her welcome, I think." Vanessa leaned back in her chair and relaxed.
I keep trying to write action and my brain goes.... NOPE, here's some character background. Have fun.
"Can you wait until we're outside of the city limits, kid, or do we want to stop now?" Happy asked casually.
"Very good. That's good." Strange said, leaning forward. "I know you want to sleep, but Dr. Palmer here needs to check a few things. And...I need to ask you a question, if you feel up to it. We'll let you go back to sleep once she does her job. Understand?"
"So's your life. It's my job to protect you." Tony frowned. "If you get hurt, that's all on me. You understand that, right?"
Peter crept into an apartment window and stole clothes from a dresser, a pair of sweats and a t-shirt. He felt bad, but he couldn't keep wearing his clothes, they were covered in blood and grime. The bullet wound had stopped bleeding, but he couldn't keep wearing these clothes, someone would take notice. He made a mental note of the address as best as his traumatized mind could. He would pay them back. He left the apartment and tossed his clothes down the garbage shoot. Then he found another window and climbed out.
Peter was kinda smug that he was the first Stark-Rogers. But that didn't make him smile any less when his parents were pronounced as Stark-Rogers, just like him.
All this had been built up inside, buried in his chest. He hadn't been able to release it. He couldn't show fear or worry in front of Maggie. She was hurt. Injuries healed best with rest and without stress. He didn't want her to be afraid. He couldn't be afraid in front of her.
"'Kay." She said, taking his word for it. He was the doctor after all. She felt weight shift on her. There was red across her legs. "Ca'-y?"
He didn't know what that meant, part of him felt he didn't want to know. He nodded. "Kitchen is free to use here, just as the one downstairs that you normally use. Guest room is there. I'm down the hall. And bathroom is there." He pointed.
"No." Steve shook his head. They entered a room and saw a wall torn open. That looked like something Peter could do. "Peter?!"
"That's all I ask. I'm not great at the chemistry thing. More of a designer and coder. Maybe a bit of engineering, but chem goes over my head. Don't know why you're on this floor." Quentin chuckled.
"Imprisoned. Afraid. Terrified. Helpless I haven't felt like that since." She flinched violently away from Dr. Strange's touch. Memories made her flinch, not him.
The kid was sabotaging his own work. Altering it in little ways that made it impossible to work. Peter, would be the only one who knew that it was different. That meant the kid suspected he was being watched. Had Tony tipped him off that someone was looking for power? Peter couldn't have known on his own. "Stark warned the kid to watch his step."
"Physics, kid. You don't have to be the strongest, you just have to have street smarts, Mags. You'll get there. I'll help you." Wade squeezed her hand.
Dr. Strange somehow had a trashcan just in time to catch her vomit before even she knew she was going to throw up. "Get it out. Breathe."
Maggie sighed and lowered her gaze. Her eyes meeting her gloved hands where they rested on her knees. There was nothing for a while, just a connection between her body and mind.
"Wilson, this is a medical ward, a place of healing. If you cannot sit down and lower your voice, I will remove you."
He didn't know how to stop the tears that came after that. He kept one hand on Maggie's wrist, the other he used to hold Christine closer.
Strange followed her into the kitchen and dried what she'd washed. "Want to try to get through one more scene?"
"Well, let's find a way to help you. Then we can go over any questions you have about the rest of it. Sound fair?"
His Papa stepped up and put his hand on the Iron Man suit. "Go, get out of here. There are already enough cameras. Go, Tony, please. We'll handle it. Take our kid home, make sure he's okay. We'll take Stane in. I promise he won't hurt anyone else."
"No judgement." Peter said raising his hands. He could tell via context she hadn't really had a childhood. If she'd felt safe when she'd been accidently made a child, then who was he to judge. He was just glad people had been there for her when she was so small and vulnerable. "Didn't know your dad could smile."
Peter chose to wear purple. Because that's what worked. His dad was wearing black and red, his papa black and blue. It just sorta made sense to land somewhere in the middle with purple. It was a beautiful ceremony. Quiet and small. There was only family and friends. Ned sat on one side of Peter, Pepper was on his other side. Ned only freaked out a little bit by being around so many awesome people. Mostly he kept it cool.
"Must be a friend if he's showing his face off." Helen scoffed. "Let's see the damage. Hmm. You'll need stitches and the wound cleaned. You can leave the mask if you want, but the pea coat needs to go."
"Trauma sucks." Peter sighed. "My papa would never hurt you, I want you to know that. But it's okay if you're not comfortable around him. Anyway, seriously, if you feel safe, then it's fine. If not, then...go back home or don't even leave. It's okay."
"He was going to hurt me...like HE did. He was going to hurt me." Maggie could almost feel it. Almost see it replay, based solely on the feelings she'd felt in the vision. "He came into the room. I knew he was coming..." Maggie lifted her eyes to meet his. "I knew. So I dug the brick out of the wall. I had it ready for when he came. It was premeditated. I meant to kill him...or at least knock him out. I think...a keycard fell out of his pocket. I...killed him because he was going to hurt me...and because he gave me a way out."
Peter's heart cracked, tears ran down his eyes. "M-may?" What was that? What the fuck had that been? He covered his head and squeezed his eyes shut. He quickly climbed to the roof of the building and yanked his mask from his bag. He put it on quickly.
Peter stepped out of the dressing room and walked to the exit. He saw Maggie getting hugged by a woman with dark hair as a man with burns made wild gestures. Maggie met his eyes and waved.
Peter smiled a little brighter. No one had died. Even with all the explosions and debris. Even a building had started coming down. Sure, people were out some homes, but...but they were alive. "Thanks, Dr. Cho."
"You don't have to." She shrugged. "Life is rough, it's the least we humans can do to help each other from time to time. I know what apathy does to people. I for one am not going to sit on my ass and do nothing when I can do something."
Peter immediately agreed. He understood. She didn't want to use any of her powers. Normally they flew/swung to the tower. But she was saving her strength. He guessed so that she felt like she could fight if she had to. He didn't take it personally. Not at all. She had to do what she had to do to keep herself safe.
"Sounds cool. Meet you at the halfway place, like normal?" Maggie asked as she pulled her auburn hair up into a tight bun by muscle memory.
"I'll get you both out." She promised and knelt. She took Sam and cradled him in her arms. The older boy had the forethought to grip her shoulders, not her neck, which was a blessing since she could barely breathe as it was, and he wrapped his legs around her waist, thankfully, holding himself to her so she could carry Sam. "Be brave and hold on, okay?"
Peter nodded, then turned. His eye met a bag of bloody clothes. She had really lost a lot of blood. "Um...I'm gonna see if me and Dad can make her a suit. Something that won't cut so easy."
Everything was still for a moment. Then Tony grabbed his phone. "JARVIS, get me all the camera footage available. We need to find Peter."
"I'm good, I can wait." Peter promised. He didn't want to get up at the moment anyway. This was nice. No worrying about his next meal or being too hot or too cold. No worrying about bad guys. No worries about school or therapy or dance or if he was being watched or not. No worrying about anything at all.
"You're at Stark Tower, with me and my dad and my papa. You've met my dad. Should I introduce my papa?"
"Yeah, that may not be enough. Wade does some really weird shit. But, I'll try to keep him in check. No promises." She turned for the elevator.
The alarms went off. She barely heard them, her focus off in the future. She closed her eyes and focused. She stretched her power out to as many people in the facility as she could. If she could slow them down, Peter could get out easier.
She let out a breath and relaxed. She wasn't worried about him, her own body was the traitor. She felt it tensing and wobbling.
Strange's face fell when he saw all the other pictures. "All of them are different." He whispered. And even if any one of them were real, it wasn't a good enough look around for him to sling-ring himself there.
It was a happy image, the idea of taking that glowing energy out of Tony's dead body. A better image was taking it out of Tony's very much alive body, seeing the horror on Tony's face. It'd be what the Stark deserved, after all the pain he'd put Stane through.
Peter laughed with her. "It's gonna be sunny today." He said, flexing the prosthetics. "School's starting soon, not sure I'm ready."
"Oh my God, yes." Peter took it and raised the lower half of his mask to eat. "Holy shit, this is good."
Peter slowly woke, his head hurt. He shifted and paused. He was sitting, his arms and legs strapped down. Tight. He fought against the bonds. Nothing budged. Where was he? The last thing he could remember was being at the church... With Aaron? The door had opened and then...
Soon Stane was on the ground, but still fighting. It was obvious the lighting had overloaded his systems, making flight impossible, but he still had a huge tank of a suit, still able to fire at them, still able to pack a punch.
"Anyways, I'm here to help you. I've got some clothes here, but we don't want you falling down and hurting your head or pulling stitches, okay?" The nurse closed the bed off again with the curtain. "We'll get you cleaned up and in some loose clothes so you they don't irritate your skin. Then your doctor's going to come back and get some of those fluids you need back in ya, okay?"
Family... Peter wondered what he'd call them. He'd never really called anyone Dad or Papa, it was easy, intuitive to use those names for Tony and Steve. But Happy, Pepper, Rhodey, Nat, Bruce, Clint, and Thor? They felt like aunts and uncles. But, Peter couldn't bring himself to call them that. It hurt. It felt almost like betrayal to May and Ben. He really needed some way to express how he felt about them, without those words.
Maggie stood up and stepped down from the edge of the building onto the roof. "Okay." She kicked off her boots and stretched a little. "The adage is difficult for me. The faster the tempo, the easier it is...but this slow stuff..."
"I'm worried." Vanessa said. "I don't know what this is, Wade, but I have this pit in my stomach. I just know something is wrong."
Peter laughed. "We'll talk to her. Trust me, it'll go over fine. Impromptu sleepovers have happened more than once back in the day." He glanced over at Ned who nodded knowingly and got his phone out. "She doesn't know you, but she knows I won't let Ned go anywhere unsafe. Where are we going?"
Vanessa raised her hand. "No. Not because of her powers. Not out of pity. Not out of some need to 'do right'. No. Do you CARE about our girl?"
"Tear those stitches and I just might." He smiled up at her in that way that wrinkled his eyes, but showed he wasn't actually amused.
Steve looked down at the long line of calculations. "Looks like you've put in quite a bit of work. Time to rest for a little while. You can get back to it after a break."
Peter slammed his hands down, probably too hard for a human. Then he jumped to his feet. "Shut up about my family."
Letting go of her hand was a bad idea. The kid had fire in her eyes. A green sort of fire. She grabbed his knife from his belt and stabbed his leg. The kid managed to shove him off of her and take off.
"Um, sure. I'm not great at coding. Chemistry is more my thing and biology, but I would probably be able to tell if there was a flaw or something."
Steve let go of the metal and looked up at Peter, tears spilling from his eyes. He cupped Peter's face in his hands and gently began to tap on his face. The same pattern in Morse. Over and over.
Tony kissed his forehead. "It wasn't you...just a weird coincidence..." Tony frowned. He'd read up on Maggie back when Peter'd first said he was fighting crime with her. He didn't want Peter hanging around an unknown entity. Margaret Wilson was not her birth name. In fact, she was Magnolia Chase and still considered a missing person in a cold case. Tony wouldn't bring it up. The little girl had gone through hell as a child, but she'd made it, and though the family who'd taken her in was...questionable...Tony deemed her safe company for Peter. "She's a survivor. I'm sure she doesn't hold anything against you, just because you've got blond hair." Tony sighed. "So, how was the A-team?"
Peter laughed and left the Sanctum. He needed to find a good alleyway to hide in, get changed for patrol. He walked a couple blocks. And waited at a crosswalk. There was...something off. He'd seen something weird. Where? He lifted his gaze and looked around. Walking down the sidewalk on the other side of the road was a familiar woman.
Peter's spider sense stopped going off in the lab. Not even the dull 'something's off' spider sense. Everything was normal, safe. Something about that unnerved Peter, but he didn't feel unsafe. Strange.
"You don't have to be." He assured her. He didn't really know what she was apologizing for either. Was she apologizing for being in pain...or for showing it? "Couple more."
"Fuck it." Peter huffed. He hit the man in the back of the head, just hard enough. The metal arms dropped, limp, but the man didn't fall.
"And that's what makes it heroic. You'd do it for anyone. I've seen news articles of you saving the bad guys before. That takes someone special." She looked down at her watch. "I gotta go. I'll be in trouble if I'm late. See ya around."
"Payback, Peter. I get payback." He straightened up. "I'll give you a moment to think about your position."
"Ooh, be careful, Stark. I do have your son. Don't worry, we'll keep him entertained. Maybe even send you videos."
"They likely won't use my face then, but...if they try to use me a signal..." Steve rubbed his chin. "Let's keep it to one sense. They don't know you're Spiderman, they don't know you can hear things other people can't."
Aaron smiled. "People deal with stress in all sorts of ways. Some lash out and regret what they say. I've met your dad, he loves you very much, Peter. I don't think he'd ever want to intentionally hurt you. So give it some time to cool off. I'm sure things'll get clearer."
"Yeah...thanks." Peter nodded and held out his arm, compliant now that his father was safe. "How's my friend?"
Thor arrived with a bang. By bang, he arrived and slammed Tony so hard with his hammer that Tony was flung THROUGH a building. "This is fucking bullshit." Tony snapped. "Where is Captain Tight Pants when I need him?"
"What happened? Did I? Oh my God!" She turned to the wall and saw it, a space where a brick had been pulled free of the wall.
"Yeah, same size room, looks different every time. They have some sort of power...making nightmares come to life. I can't tell what the actual room looks like." Tony shook his head. "Can't cross-reference it with anything because I don't know what's real and what isn't." Tony rubbed his face.
"Hey, hey, there's nothing wrong. Sh. It's okay. You're okay, Peter. Karen sent me all your brain activity. Hey, you're not broken, okay? Breathe. I'll be there in a little bit. I'm on my way to get you. Just stay there and talk to me, okay?"
"Why would I ever let that go? Blackmail of any kind should be kept forever, didn't you know?" Tony poked at him.
"I will. I'm kinda nervous about it, it's not easy to do mental training. But it'll help, so I'm going to do it. Maybe be able to slow bigger things. Or, I don't know. We'll see huh?"
"Yeah." Peter agreed. They had a free class today. He'd love to start learning something new. It would help distract him from his thoughts. He was still...tender from hallucinating Aunt May. "So, how do we do this?"
"Peter has just entered his bedroom window. He appears healthy, sir." JARVIS said. "There were no violent altercations today, according to Karen's report and my data concurs."
Maggie curled up on the bed, holding herself tightly. She felt dizzy. Disoriented. She couldn't see very well, her sight blurred. She didn't feel well, she didn't know these people around her. People who wanted her to take off her jacket and mask. She couldn't do that. It didn't matter that she hurt. She didn't want them touching her. She didn't feel safe. She grabbed her phone and, with shaky hands, held the button. No amount of focus would allow her to read at the moment. She heard a beep.
"Okay."  Peter breathed. He walked forward and wrapped an arm around each of them. "You're real. You're really real."
"Yeah, by the looks of it your bones will be healed two weeks ahead of schedule. Your ribs are already much better, seems it worked better on the fractures instead of the clean breaks."
Beck paused. "Sanctuary." A word that could mean more than one thing. "Anything in the bio about the kid attending church?"
"Mine's not all that specific either. I see danger everywhere. I've just...gotten used to filtering out the information I don't need. I had too, I can't process everything my mind's telling me." She frowned. "I get dreams sometimes, dreams from all across time. I knew you'd be safe."
Here you go. Hope everyone's doing well. My brain's being mean at the moment, but I'm still trucking along. Hopefully the updating won't be slowed too much.
"Shit. Mother fucker." Wade snapped. "You know, she finally starts sleeping through the nights and this shit happens. That mother fucker. If I could, I'd kill him again."
Peter frowned. Maggie had been off all week. If she needed help he was going to meet her. The girl had been dealing with something...and then on top of it her 'he's not my dad, Peter' dad was on the other side of the world fighting a bad guy that wouldn't stop. She had to be upset. He frowned and quickly texted back.
"Bitch. I'll make sure you scream." His hand wrapped around her throat as he pinned her to the ground. Her head screamed in pain as it hit the ground.
"Mrs. Wilson, I've searched through all the footage. She was last seen on cameras two blocks from the place you found her phone." JARVIS said.
Maggie rolled her eyes. Then looked down. She moved on her lap and touched her empty left wrist. Her eyes looked hollow.
"Sold for glue. Once you work someone to the bone, use and abuse it, the people in power no longer needs it."
"I'm sorry to have creeped you out. It is a precaution that has saved lives before." JARVIS answered.
"Yeah, that's likely why the visions are spilling over. It'll probably be a bit disorienting, but we're going to keep an eye on it and work on it. It'll be a while before the physical damage is healed. After that we'll have a more concrete idea of what's going on in there and we can tackle the psychological side of it." He said. His hand shifted around hers. "I know you probably feel confused and...maybe not in normal reality, but the tests we've run have been good. They're good signs. The best thing you can do is rest and try not to stress too much. I know that's asking a lot. You've been through...trauma even before factoring the brain trauma. But it'll help if you rest and if you have any issues, let me know. I can talk you through what's happening and it might help."
"Bye." Steve hung up as the arguing began on the other line. "Well, they're getting along." He drove to their usual place and got out of the car. He headed in and waved up at the lady at the counter who was very used to Avengers showing up for big orders. She nodded and ducked into the back. He heard her warn the cook that a large order was about to come in, then she came back and continued with the order she was taking in front of her. Steve leaned against the wall and waited his turn. As he did, he lifted his phone and smiled at the text from Peter.
She remembered...when she and Dr. Strange had first met, he'd found her because she was using her power. If he happened to be using the Time Stone...she might be able to get him to notice her.
"I could still set up Zio Happy to be your guy. He could totally feed you your speech from the sidelines. No one would know. I've had him do it before."
Christine nodded. "Yeah, you do." She teased, then her face fell. "Someone came to the hospital for Margaret."
"Maggie? Your dance partner? Huh, didn't peg her for the hero gig, but they come in all shapes." Tony sighed. "She safe?"
Maggie got up and looked in the bag her clothes had been shoved in. Even the gloves were ruined. The only thing she found that wasn't soaked in blood or torn was the necklace she'd been wearing. She pulled it from the bag and put it on. Her shoulder felt tight and she felt her stitches pull at the actions. So she gave up the clothes and got into bed. She could do with some rest.
"Same thing we told you to do if there's a hostage situation." Steve nodded. "Comply, don't kick up a fuss, and don't dig yourself into more trouble. Find an escape route if it's safe to, don't be a hero." It hadn't been a pleasant conversation, but they'd all had it as a family. As a superhero, kidnapping was already plausible. As the adopted son of Captain America and Tony Stark, Peter'd have a huge target on his back once the news got out. They'd talked about possible ransom situations...among other things.
"A little more than kin, and less than kind." Strange muttered bitterly as he carefully chopped vegetables.
"This is too big for you, kid." Tony said, then grunted. "Shit! Listen, stay low to the ground. Try to stop as much collateral as possible. Deal?"
Maggie snorted and turned back to Peter. "Seriously, you got to be more careful, especially right now. You're all shrouded in danger vibes. I'm not trying to be mean or anything. I just want to help ease some of them away."
"Not filled with confidence, Margaret." He looked at Wade. "I'll be in to check on her. If anything happens, call me. She should be fine though. Worst part's over."
"She was tortured, had her head bashed in, was in surgery for hours, and is on heavy meds. Normal doesn't factor, Ness." Wade commented.
"I'm sure you'll do alright. You're a smart kid." Delmar smiled, wrapped the sandwich and handed it over the counter.
"Maggie, could use some help! Maybe DO come up here." Peter said as his body went through the side of the building. Everything hurt.
Tony smiled and waved his right hand. "Come here, Pete." Peter came closer and he kissed the teen on his forehead. "It's alright and I'm okay."
"It's not a happy book. It's a satirical allegory of Stalin's rule, really. Looking back, he's viewed as a dictator responsible for countless deaths and genocide. This book shouldn't be happy."
"He's amazing." Maggie agreed as It Never Entered My Mind began to play. She loved the instrumental song. It was gorgeous.
"I'll check it out to make sure." Tony promised. "We'll figure this out. For now...let's act normal. In a week, they'll lose access to using an LMD around you. I'll be back to work so I'll actually be able to be there to look after you."
"What the fuck?" Her eyes widened. Black, form-fitted pants that had a holster for her staff just above the right knee. A white undershirt that went all the way to the neck. The coat, the beautiful pea coat. Six black buttons on deep blue...the same blue her father always wore. There were black gloves, a blue mask, and black boots. She stepped up and gently touched the fabric. "Woah." It felt soft, lightweight.
Strange watched her look around as she walked down the street. "Freeze it there." He saw a hint of the black cord around her neck. "Thank God."
"Jesus!" A young woman shouted. "What the hell?" The woman was wearing scrubs and pressed a hand to her sternum in shock. She had a needle in her other hand and it was still steady, half-way through an IV push.
Peter turned his head and looked at the people behind them. There was casual...and then there was too casual. The guy in the ballcap was too casual. He looked like he was trying not to be obvious. And he was holding something in his pocket. He might as well have been singing the 'don't be suspicious' song in his head. Maybe he was. Peter turned back forward.
The elevator doors opened and Steve frowned, looking up. Peter closed his eyes and leaned against the wall, looking a little pale. "Hey, bud. I thought you had the internship today." Steve's forehead crinkled. "Are you okay?"
She got on the subway and put in her headphones. She put her dance playlist on shuffle. It was nice, lovely. When she got to her stop she half danced up the stairs and onto the street. She tried to ignore the danger vibes, but then she caught a glimpse of red on herself. She yanked out her headphones and looked around. There was nothing. The red around her faded. She frowned and kept walking, her eyes darting around for any more signs of danger. The door to a coffee shop opened.
"I don't think it's about them, Ned." No one knew about that. It was probably a spiderman thing, though...no one knew about that either. Peter glanced around. He needed to get Ned somewhere safe. Out of the line of fire. There was an alleyway ahead, Peter had seen it before, there was a dumpster near the back and a door that went into a restaurant, the door was left unlocked during working hours. Peter bit his lip. "Ned, we're gonna duck in here, head for the door on the right hand side. Okay?"
"I agree. We'll have a talk with him about it, but...maybe this is just one of those little rebellions. He's been through a lot, we can cut him some slack...and he followed the other rules, even if he broke curfew. JARVIS said he didn't take on anything too big, at least he was safe." Tony rubbed his face.
Strange rolled his eyes. "Let this one air out, no more bandages, but use Vaseline, it'll help with the scarring." He said before checking the bandage on her ribs, cleaning the wound gently and rebandaging it.
I was going to write a whole heck of a lot more about this...but it went really dark and I decided to lighten it up. (Believe me, this is nice compared to what I was writing originally. Eek. The less details the better.)
"Yup. Waiting on you guys." Clint walked into the building across the street. He mentally thanked Nat for letting him borrow her holographic mask. He had a more distinct look than Nat. She could more easily change up her look. He wasn't as easy to blend in. He climbed the stairs, carrying his his bag that had his bow in it with him.
"She'll probably be asleep for a while. She'll know you were here. Go be with your family." Strange looked at the Wilson's. Wade's eyes had blinked open. "She's taken care of. Safe and sound."
Steve smiled and gently shifted, picking Peter up. Peter latched on like a koala. Steve kissed his forehead and carried his son down the hall. JARVIS dimmed the lights behind them.
"No." Though he could see the appeal of trying to drink away the screams, he promised her he'd check. "I'm...going to see what happened." He nodded and went back to the Sanctum.
"Peachy, been resting just as suggested." Vanessa sighed. "I...don't think these Saturday things are right for her." Vanessa worded it carefully, she wanted to see what he'd do if he thought Vanessa might take her away.
Ned and MJ knew the truth, along with some of the staff at Midtown. But...other than that Peter was grateful that things had quieted down a bit.
"-sure to take your umbrellas with you tonight if you're planning on- Sorry. One moment. We just got something in the studio." The news anchor had a box in front of her. She pulled the note from the top and frowned. "This is addressed as a message for Tony Stark. It...came with a recording on a flash drive. We're putting it on, now. We're not sure of the contents."
"Just...come this way." Peter walked Ned slowly through the crowd. He felt the danger follow. He pressed a button on his watch. "Karen, tell Happy something's up. Make sure he knows our location. We're moving." He whispered.
"She's not the kind of girl who'd stop talking to you if you told her you liked her. If she wanted to reject you, she would. That girl has gone into burning buildings with you. What's the risk if you tell her you like her?"
Strange sat down at Maggie's side, not letting his hand leave hers. He didn't really grip her hand. He didn't want to put stress on her thumb or the tops of her fingers, but he didn't let go. "I'm sorry..." He whispered. "I should have seen it sooner. You were trying to tell me, weren't you?" He felt tears spill down his cheeks. "You were using your powers to try to show me you were in trouble. I'm sorry I didn't see it before." He ran a thumb over the back of her hand. "I'm sorry... If I'd noticed..." He could tell there'd been repeated trauma to her head, which pissed him off to no end, but...maybe if he'd known sooner, he wouldn't have had to open her skull. Wouldn't have had to pull splinters of bone from her brain. Wouldn't have had to drain the blood to keep the pressure down in her head... Wouldn't have had to spend four hours fixing the damage. If he'd just noticed...he could have helped her so much sooner.
"Place I have up north on a small private lake. About three hours out. No one knows it's mine, Bruce sometimes uses it as a retreat when he gets tired of all the city noise or when we have a hard mission. Happy, Bruce, Rhodey, and Pep are the only one's who've been there. It'll be safe. I just want to make sure no one can reach you or your friend until we figure out if this is an isolated incident or not."
Happy huffed. "Kid, next time you have your girlfriend over, please make sure she get's a visitor badge, okay? The rules keep us safe."
"Don't mention it." Strange shrugged. "Okay, you're good. Shirt on, last but not least, the leg. Has it been bothering you?"
Peter turned. The whole world was still to his eyes. The bad guy's body was still, but the arms were still moving, coming at him, thankfully a little slower. Peter ran forward, ducked under them. He wrapped the man tightly in webs, then looked at the harness on the baddie's back.
Vanessa leaned against the counter next to him. "We can teach her to be streetwise. And we have. But there are good respectable people out there. She needs to know they exist. We aren't the most stable and...respectable of role models for her."
"I wouldn't think that." Peter said. "I'd imagine you'd be bored." She was smart, he knew that. They talked about a lot of things, he could tell she was smart, clever at the very least.
"Oh, Peter. We've been watching you for a while. Watching you work in the lab. Your internship. Looking through your window. Following you at school and dance. I know all about your fancy-pants watch. Touch it and she dies."
Peter's eyes watered. He was already in pain before the man had started mutilating him 'for science'.
Liar. She DID know. She'd SEEN it. Fury burned in him. He grabbed her by her throat, lifted her from the ground and slammed her against the wall. "Wanna try that again?"
Peter nodded and looked at his parents. They'd come a long way. He'd come a long way. And if the hell that had been last year had only made them stronger, then he couldn't imagine that anything could tear them apart. "Me too." Peter smiled. "Want to help me steal some cake?"
"Danger's not here, yet, but there will be some...something to do with that window. Keep it covered. I think that will help."
"Of course. She'll report to me on everything pertinent, but she's yours. Have a good patrol, Peter. I'll see you once you're home." JARVIS disconnected. The red and gold associated with his interface faded from Peter's heads-up display. Then blue light filled the display instead.
It was amazing to watch her see Harry Potter for the first time. Her eyes were wide as she stared at the screen. Her lips slightly parted.
It was technically still under Tony's name, but he let Peter have access to it. And Peter just...didn't want to know. And then he'd been shocked when Steve had gotten into it, because apparently back-pay for being an active combatant for decades, plus inflation was considerable.
"I know that now." Peter nodded. "How is it that this disguise is so good? It's not one of your masks."
He glanced at the can and then shifted them back into their usual dimension. "Let me get you something to drink. I'd say we did enough mental practice today."
Nat walked up to him and pulled him into a hug, whispering reassuringly. "It's okay, Peter. You're safe. You're at the tower with Nat and the most idiotic excuse for a god of thunder ever."
"Victim blaming much?" Maggie asked. When she saw the flash of panic on Strange's face she laughed hysterically. Had he thought he'd offended her or something? She had her sensitive spots, sure, she knew that. But that was funny. "Look, the one on my leg was probably unavoidable, but the other two...yeah, I probably could have dodged the TWO assassins that were fighting me." She teased.
"Yes, but I don't skip school often, and it's only for hero stuff. So, I won't be in too much trouble."
"Sorry, Wade has a bit of a mouth, I seem to be picking up his habit." Maggie apologized. "But you're not getting away without an answer. You swing from buildings, how do you have a worse grade in gym than in history? And since when is an A- a bad grade?"
"He's somewhere near wooden rafters. He...went somewhere safe. That's all I could see. It's a small place. A circle." She described. "The bad guys left shortly before you showed up...moved somewhere else, I don't know. I can't tell. But Peter's in a circle wooden room with a low ceiling...exposed rafters...maybe a water stain?" She coughed and covered her mouth. A few specks of blood covered her hand.
"Strange is really trying to keep his Poker Face." Maggie pointed to the doctor who did not have a poker face at all, instead, he looked annoyed.
"Hi. Can you put Dad on the phone?" Peter asked as he walked as far from the others as he could, so as not to be overheard.
"Well, my spidersense went crazy, if that's what you're asking. I really didn't like him." Peter folded his arms over his chest.
"Dad and I got into a fight. He got hurt. He was supposed to be on bedrest. I went to go do my internship and there he was, working. I told him he should be upstairs resting and that Papa would probably be pissed if he found out."
"I can hold my own. You think I stop patrolling just because I use my super? Fuck no. Don't worry about me. We've got this."
Also. The songs Wong keeps playing around Strange are him teasing the hell out of Strange. (Aside from Friday, which is just annoying.) Wong is playing You'll Be in My Heart, My Girl, and Sweet Child of Mine whenever Strange is in the world to annoy/tease him.
"Well, he's amazing. The prosthetic line is going out. I gotta thank you and Sam for connecting us with all those veterans. It really helps. The more people know, the more options they can have if they're dealing with loss of limb. Oh! And this month, the BoD wants to see me."
"Thanks. You ready?" She wondered. She adjusted her dress. There were three layers to her outfit. Peter knew that had to be worrisome. He was worried enough about accidently tearing his hoodie off before it was supposed to.
"That particular section of the brain is responsible for quite a bit. But we'll get back to that. There's some normal things that'll happen with head trauma. Blurry vision, disorientation, dizziness, confusion, speech issues, haziness, memory problems, headaches, nausea. Those things are going to be normal. It's okay. Rest is going to help a lot with those things. Those are just general things that will crop up." He nodded. "Then there are specific things connected to that spot. These are some of the things we're going to have to pay attention to. The front most part of that section that was damaged helps with moderating emotions. If you feel a lot of emotions or more than normal, that could be because of the trauma, it could also go the other way and leave you feeling numb or...emotionless. The backmost part that was effected has to deal with mobility. I can already see some improvements in that, so that's good. The most impacted spot, the middle of that area, controls focus...sort of your ability to zone in on one task at a time or prioritize your tasks."
"Don't think I could sleep at your place." Maggie shivered. "Sorry, it's just...your dad, Captain Rogers he... I don't think I could be in on the same floor as him for long. I'm sure he's nice, he just..."
"Where do you plan on taking her, Strange? A transfer would take time and...paperwork. We don't even really have her paperwork to begin with. If cameras are a problem...they'll could just follow her to the next hospital or unit."
That couldn't be real. But it made Peter's heart soar, even though he knew it would all crash down. "Please...please help me." He begged.
"Why do you call me Margaret?" Maggie wondered. He was the only person who called her that. Almost everyone else called her Mags or Maggie or Reese. He'd only ever called her Maggie once that she could recall, and it seemed that he'd only used it to try to get her attention. Always, though, he called her by her full name.
"That's great. Should be on a t-shirt or something. I think people multitask far too much." Peter shrugged. He looked up, then left. Did he just hear something? Na.
Peter could hear something loud ahead of him. "I think I know where I'm going now." He kept swinging forward and caught sight of Maggie dropping onto a roof and rolling behind a railing. A huge cinderblock flew over her head.
"Would you like to try working on it, working on making sure both work together instead of separately?"
Maggie's eyes blinked. She shook her head as if to clear a daze. Then she met Peter's eyes and ran forward. She grabbed his hand and pulled him out of the building, grabbing her their bags as she ran.
"Could use a break, actually. Haven't read this much since starting my training in the mystic arts." He leaned back in his chair and rubbed his forehead with a shaky hand. "What's your problem?"
"Ballet started my love of dance. It doesn't go on the list, it's always there. It doesn't count. Anything jazzy is fun too."
Beck huffed as the kid covered the window. What was that about? Surely he couldn't have sensed a threat there. Beck had been studying the kid, he knew there had to be a threat for the kid to be able to sense danger. There was no threat. The drone didn't even have weapons on it. So how did he know to close the curtain? Beck leaned back in his chair and rubbed his beard. "Hm...dumb luck?" It didn't matter. He had all the proof he could want now anyway. Tony Stark was deeply attached to the kid.
"No. I've already done this in my own way. This'll be your time. Besides... I don't really want the attention their names might bring. My mom's death led to a...bit of a cold case. I don't want to have that attention. I've moved on."
"Hey, hey." Strange got up and wrapped his arms around her. "Honey, are you okay? Hey, I've got you. It's okay." He kissed the top of her head.
Vanessa found herself at the door and managed to keep her balance in her heels. She put her hand on the door. "Bye, Queen B."
Natasha blinked, looking down at the broken people, who remarkably, were still alive...somehow. Alive and...tortured. Then she turned and looked at Wade, who was slowly wiping blood from his katana. "I...thought I could be ruthless."
"Shut up, Flash." Peter didn't have time for him. He headed for the door. He pulled out his phone to text his dad.
Don't eat Tide Pods. Just a helpful hint. Someone figured out my hint and golden stars have been given out.
"You could have saved me. And you DIDN'T." She moved toward him, bones shifting in sickening ways. "You could have saved Ben. You DIDN'T."
"Well, duh. He thinks he's alone with Karen, but there's no way I'm taking JARVIS out of that suit. The kid's on training wheels." Tony snorted. "But I'm still glad he took it easy."
Steve snickered and wrapped his arms around Tony's waist, kissing his neck. "Oh, I had big plans, but I'm sure this'll just tucker you right out."
"Okay." Strange answered, drawing out medicine and frowned. "You burn through meds pretty quick, Peter. Even ones made for you." He put the needle in the IV and slowly began to push it. "Let me know if you feel pain. Right now...you should be getting pretty quick relief, but if you ever feel pain, you need to let me know."
Peter looked down and began to write. "Since...since you feel this too, do you want your birth parent's mentioned?"
"Feeling a little stiff and sore, but I'm alright." Maggie answered then turned and started downing her water bottle. "I don't hurt too bad though, so plus."
She laughed. "Well, they're alright...but yeah, bit below my paygrade, Stark makes up the difference though." Dr. Cho looked down at his hands then turned to a nurse. "Get him whatever he wants. I trust him. Unless you've forgotten your preferred stitching pattern."
"I do... He kicked my ass last week when we had a Taylor Swift competition. I know he never listened to her and he must have ingested ALL the T Swift for a week so he could beat me."
"Not yet. You'll be too dizzy. After you've rested a bit more. We'll work on that, I promise." He nodded. "I know you want to be on your feet and feel more like you, but we got to wait a little bit more, okay?"
Stane grabbed the badge (it took all of Peter's strength to not yank away from the sudden assult on his personal space) and looked at it. "This has access to the higher level labs. This is an Alpha badge. How'd you get THAT?"
Tony took a deep breath. "Yeah. J, keep cycling through. Do you two know if Maggie carries anything else? Any electronic or something? I could track her if she has something."
"And I know who you are." Maggie commented, raising an eyebrow at Tony. "Super runs on all sides of this family, huh?"
Maggie slowly lowered herself again. "Brain injuries can change senses of balance. I felt centered, I didn't realize I wasn't."
Strange blinked at him. Peter expected judgement or anger. None of those things flickered on his face. "That's not on you, Peter. Now, please, rest. She's been asking about you. She'll be glad to know you're alright."
"'mkay." Maggie managed to keep herself awake through the checks. Only really complaining when a light flashed in her eyes. It was too bright in the dim room. It hurt her eyes and she couldn't even twist her head away from it.
"What's this?" Maggie asked, taking it from him. She sighed in relief and wrapped her hands around it.
Vanessa put her foot in the gap and then stepped inside. "Sorry, looking for..." Her eyes widened as she looked around. Was this a museum? "Dr. Strange."
Maggie snorted. "I wish. I'm not ALLOWED." She rolled her eyes. "Something about mastering myself before attempting anything else."
Maggie's face wrinkled. She didn't think of him like that. He was just her dad. She knew he wasn't ugly though. She didn't know. When she looked at him she saw safety, calm, confidence, shelter. She didn't think she could look at him any other way, but she let Kate have her opinion.
Dr. Strange nodded then stood up. He checked the whole room for her. It was empty. No sign of a person. Nothing. And he would have seen someone leave her door. "Margaret...it was a nightmare. I know it seemed real. I know it feels real. But he's dead."
"You can always check, okay?" He assured her. "Now, if anything overwhelms you we can stop talking, I don't want you scared or worried, okay? But I do want to try to get on the same page, sound fair?"
"Eh." She slowly lowered her leg. "Two weeks is more time than I usually get to learn stuff. I'm totally cool with helping. You shouldn't miss your first performance, you know? You two had room 142 for practices, right?"
"Does he now...? You made that much power with trashed parts? Makes me wonder what you could do with better equipment." Mr. Stane leered at him.
"Of course." She nodded against him. "She's going to be alright. Is she...do you know her? She a student of yours or...something else?"
"My teacher told me I couldn't use an audio version this time. It helps though, because I skip words and lines sometimes. I don't mean to. It just happens."
Strange sat down in the office. They were going to sort this right now. He would not be having this again. His daughter had been in agony for hours because these people hadn't allowed her her medication. He was not going to be kind. He could hear the principal talking to a woman in the office.
"Yeah. He always playfully threatened lock-up. I didn't go to time-out as a kid, I went to the Juvie corner." She shook her head. Would Wade be upset if she said she missed that? Was Peter right? "I miss it. I kinda hoped you'd yell at me."
Thor slouched, looking struck. "My jest was taken seriously? I'm so sorry, worthy Peter. Please don't be afraid. Come down from the ceiling. You can always have some pop tarts. In fact, we can share pop tarts. You are worthy, after all."
"Nice job, паучонок." Nat agreed. "I'll help you work on your grappling next time." She patted his shoulder and walking with him to the bench.
"She knows exactly who I am." Peter said. Tony looked a bit concerned about Peter's mask being off, so Peter wanted to reassure him.
"The brat pulled a vanishing act. I thought I told you to keep that doctor distracted. What do you mean we have bigger problems? ... Shit."
"Clint sold you out. All I had to do was give him fake winning lottery numbers. Somehow he's convinced I'm a magic eight ball."
Wade seemed to sense her mood shift and his face fell. "Maggie, if someone is trying to hurt you, you protect yourself, you hear me? There is nothing wrong or evil about that. I kill bad guys for money, that's fucked up. You defended yourself, there's nothing wrong with that, alright?"
"I don't think so. You're going to be nervous. Plus you're an intern, so...they probably won't expect like, perfection."
The redeeming quality of this chapter is Wong being the best bro. Also, Dr. Dad for the win. He's becoming such a dad and I'm proud of him.
"Yeah, I got this. I know you don't like it down here, plus he'll be out for a bit." He ruffled Peter's hair. "We may not have leftovers in our fridge, but you can check out the common floor, there's some food leftover there from movie night."
Maggie wasn't going to argue with that. She was tired. She usually was. Didn't mean she got much sleep. "Goodnight."
Peter watched as his dad was taken away. Tony looked bruised up and a little scratched here and there. But he didn't look too bad.
Peter stuck himself to the ceiling and held on, but...something was wrong. Once he realized half of his left hand wasn't sticking, let alone THERE he shrieked and fell.
"Can I t-try to s'and up?" She hated laying there. She was exhausted, but she cold tell by how her body felt that she hadn't been moving. She hated feeling stiff or unmoving.
"Lizzy?" Peter stopped everything he was doing to go help her to the bench. "Oh my gosh, are you okay?"
Steve smiled and leaned down, kissing the spot where Tony's neck met his shoulder. Tony leaned his head to the side with a happy sigh.
"You're doing a lot better." Steve agreed as he helped Peter to his feet. "Using that brain of yours." He grinned and pulled him forward into a quick hug. "Good job, kiddo."
Peter couldn't stay here. The cuffs might be unbreakable, but they were attached to the wall... He could pull the wall apart. He could get out. Getting out though...would mean leaving Maggie. But...her screams didn't sound real. Had she ever been there? Had they all been recordings? Was...she already dead? Nothing else in this place seemed real...why would she be? He needed to get out, go somewhere safe. Somewhere where the world wasn't warped around him. Some place they didn't seem to know about.
"I'll put him on sauce duty." Steve promised with a smile as he ruffled Peter's hair. "No one likes burnt toast."
"Yeah." Peter said, bouncing toward her, obviously done with his part. "Working on a special order. The guy's super tall and there was an overheating problem in the joint causing wear and tear. Our first fix took up too much power, so we're trying to re-work it."
"I'm home." Maggie called as she closed the door. She put her jacket down on the counter and turned to the fridge, quickly snagging a drink.
Peter rolled his eyes and Steve bopped him on the back of the head. "No," Peter said. "A suit. Something that could stop her from you know, getting stabbed that badly."
"Let him up, J." Tony said. They could use all the hands they could get. The kids had been gone for over five days with no end in sight... He looked up at the videos that he'd been bombarded with and he felt sick. Whoever had those kids was torturing them.
"Thanks for helping again." She didn't really want to come off as ungrateful, but she was tired of not being able to do anything.
Her mind made a leap through time as she focused. She didn’t flinch, but she took a deep breath and followed the images. A drone following her and Peter down the street. Slipping into the door when Peter held it open for her. That’s how she’d seen her step father at Strange’s. That was…
Her powers snapped, unable to hold on anymore, whatever it had been slowing was no longer slowed. It had resumed its full speed. The pain was so much worse now.
"I want to watch you suffer. And I will. I'm always watching. Thing is...I don't want to hurt him. But I gotta say, fear and pain...look really good on your face."
The press conference went...surprisingly well. Though Tony'd been unable to attend, Steve managed to handle the press very well, announcing that he and Tony were in fact engaged and that they hadn't set a date. He'd talked about how happy they were, talked about working through the current injuries Tony had. Steve may have even insinuated that it wasn't alright for the media to keep smearing Tony's character. And Tony didn't know how Steve could come across as polite and still make people feel like absolute shit.
Strange shook his head. "That's not what I mean. I'll always be here. But I'm not going to put myself in that place. That's her choice. She's had enough of her control taken from her. She should get to choose. I can only show her and offer it to her. The rest is her choice."
"My pokeballs. Get your head out of the gutter, Ness." Wade poked her side. "I'd totally be Pikachu...no Detective Pikachu. But nooo, they'd probably cast that dumb fuck Ryan Reynolds to do the job."
Tony took the pause that followed to change the subject. "Your prosthetics are off, you still wanna do lab time?"
Okay, so a couple of notes here. First, the next chapter is going to be all action, so if you're the praying type, pray for me. I hate writing action and this thing has been being worked on for...way too long... Which is why I'm distracting myself with more character development, which is more fun.
The next morning, Maggie was greeted with a text. She took a couple deep breaths before looking at it. It was from Peter, hoping she was doing okay. She'd reply later, when the letters didn't look pressed together. She looked around at the large room and sighed, taking out her retainers. She got up and frowned as her leg and side pulled. She changed, found her meds and headed out. She needed to eat something to take her medications. But...she couldn't hear anyone around. Strange must've been out.
"Falling into it, I think, is the reason why you can't focus and read. It's why you trade off your mind for strength."
"You do what we say...and no one gets hurt." He grabbed the person who was dropped at his feet and yanked the body up. "Really pretty, sweet friend you have, don't you?" He had one arm around her waist, holding her limp body up. His other hand yanked her head back by her wavy hair.
"I could...my focus is off though. Things are just sort of...jumping into my head. Not e-e-exactly fool p-proof at the moment. Just guessed some random-ass numbers." She shrugged. "I think Nat knew, she laughed at him."
"Slippery thing. Ouch." Clint looked at the wound and pulled the knife out. She'd aimed to cause pain, not to kill, she could have though. Easily. The artery was well within her reach, but she hadn't gone for it. Maybe she wasn't such a bad kid after all.
"Oh! And you're totally invited, by the way. It's not going to be a big deal, just close friends and family. I know it doesn't really count, but you can be like, my best man or something."
With a sob Peter swallows the bitter medicine before hiding his face against the arm of the couch. He flinches as he feels Tony grab him under the arms and turn his body so he’s facing him.
Steve scoops Peter up from the recliner and throws a glance to Tony. Peter’s eyes open and he looks around confused. Tony listens to the cries of protest as Steve tries to gently coax Peter to lie down. Steve leaves the room looking defeated and sits down heavily across from Tony at the table. Peter can be heard crying softly from his room.
Steve greets Agent Coulson as he steps out of the elevator into the Penthouse. Coulson had called earlier and said he needed to stop by to discuss something with Tony and Steve.
They both start chanting waterfall and Steve acquiesced. They run under it giggling and shouting each time the spray hits them. “Stop running,” Steve scolds as he tries to wrangle both of them.
Tony pulls back the shower curtain slightly to peek out into the room.  Steve is pulling Peter’s shirt over his head. “Pete has to get in the shower with you. He has dirt all over him.”
“I know Pete. But you don’t want Daddy to be stuck all alone, do you? So we’re going to stay home with him. I have my painting I’m going to work on.”
On the third day, Peter is starting to be really alert and irraitated. It is late in the evening when he starts to stir.  Tony and Steve have resumed playing card games. Tony startles and drops his cards as he hears a cry from the bed. He’s up immediately and heading towards his son. Steve is right behind him and they surround the hospital bed.
Tony flips through more of the book to ones of Peter and Beverly. He closes the book and moves the things to the side before pulling Steve in for a kiss. He was always so perfect at gift giving. He always figured out to what to give the man who could buy anything.
Steve waits at the edge of the property for the Avengers to show. It wouldn’t take long in the Quinjet after the call to assemble. Tony was already suited up and starting to fly above the forest. Someone had to stay back in case Peter came back home. It drove him crazy to just be standing there. He wanted to be out in the woods looking for his son. Tony was better suited for it though, he could fly overhead and look for Peter.
Steve has their phones and the StarkPad. He shuts off the tap and places them in the water. He grabs some pans from the cabinet and places them on top of the electronics. Peter’s eyes go wide and he watches Steve confused. “Daddy’s going to mad when he finds them.”
A little smile breaks across Beverly’s face. On second thought, her mother was right and Steve would take her home.
Steve goes to the kitchen to pour the cup and hands it to Peter before he sits on the couch by him. He turns on the tv and find an old  black-and-white movie. Steve wraps his arm around him and pulls him close.
Peter is looking at Tony wide-eyed, only seeing angry in the other man’s eyes. Tony really looked like he wanted to hit him.
Peter rushed home after his afterschool activities and went straight to his room and onto his computer. He pulls up the screen and is looking through the genetic make-up page and all the health pages. He saves the dna relatives for last.  He didn’t know what to expect but still felt excited about it. He wouldn’t be surprised to see his aunt show up on there but he wondered who else would. The screen loads and his whole body seems to freeze. He reads it a few times and doesn’t seem to process it. He hears his door open and Steve say his name and ask him how school was.
The phone unlocks, he opens up the recent calls and scrolls through. He finds Pepper not that far down. It was late, he shouldn’t call but he presses her name and puts the phone against his ear. It rings almost to the point of voicemail picking up when there is a click. Silence before a little girl says hello.
Natasha is focused on Peter who is trying to ignore everyone else in the room. She walks over and leans down in front of him. “Whatcha watching?”
“MJ is leaving tonight. Driving to her parents. Bev and I are heading off to the compound in a couple days.”
“I didn’t even get to do the crossword,” Steve grumbles as he cleans up the mess. Once he’s finished he sits on the couch and pulls up the newspaper on his StarkPad. He’s quietly enjoying himself almost as if he’s having some alone time away from his children and husband.
Tony remains standing in place leaning against the kitchen counter. Steve sighs and walks over to him, sliding his arms around his waist and pulling him into a hug. It felt like such a natural movement even though it was an unusual interaction for the two. Tony relaxes against him and breathes deeply. This world where Tony was his husband and they shared such intimacy, was something he could get used to.
Tony sighs and grabs his cup of coffee. Peter was so young and so old at the same time. He was constantly worrying about things no kid his age should be concerned about. Yet he still needed a story at night and god forbid you forgot to turn on the night light. It turned into a major meltdown. He can feel Peter sneaking glances over at him.
“Hey Steve! It’s me, just here to do my laundry,” Peter calls out after unlocking the door to the soldier’s apartment.
The files are spread across the desk. Pictures, journal notes, experiment logs. A part of Steve wanted to burn it all to cleanse it from his mind. Pictures of a young girl covered in bruises or hooked up to machines. Apparatuses hooked up to her that he’d have to ask Bruce to even identify what they even were. There were bruises on her body in spots where no-one should be touching her. He tastes vomit looking at her bruised genitals. He gathers up the images and pauses, his hands posed to tear them in half. Tear them to shreds so they didn’t exist anymore. It takes all his willpower not to do it. He drops them and bangs his fist on the desk, everything on it bouncing up before settling back down.
Tony straightens up and looks around the room. Peter is glued to his side. He walks over to the closet and pulls the door open. The closet is completely empty. Nothing to even look behind.
“Hi Beverly,” Natasha says leaning down so she’s at her level. “Why don’t you go play in Peter’s room so I can talk to Steve and Tony?”
Peter is pulling at his mask. “Off! Take it off!” he pleads as he starts to kick his legs with no concern for the various monitors or the catheter.
Tony groans and leans back on the bed, covering his eyes with his hands. Peter’s bad attitude all day had his nerves wearing thin. He hears the sound of Peter’s pants hitting the tile floor.
Peter huffs and places the cup heavily on the table. He finishes the food as his plate while Steve is going to seconds. Peter grabs the milkshake again and sits sideways in his chair facing towards the living-room.
Pepper wraps an arm around Beverly pulling her close. “I’m sure your Daddy appreciated the help,” she jokes.
Peter doesn’t do it and the doctor looks up at him from her seat. “Just try. It doesn’t matter if it’s not that deep.”
The rain starts shortly after breakfast as they’re cleaning up. Peter runs over to the window and stares outside. “Oh no! Can we still go to the beach?”
Tony stays there for a moment accepting the comfort before pulling back just slightly and kisses Steve forcefully on the lips. Tony honestly doesn’t know how he expected it to go. That Steve would reciprocate and then what? Fuck him against the table until he was so numb he would stop thinking about Pepper. Steve’s strong hands are on his shoulders pushing him back and rejecting him.
Peter nuzzles into his neck and holds onto his shoulder. Steve kisses the top of his head. “Be good for Tony, okay?”
Peter runs up to them, Bailey trailing behind him. He’s giggling and it seems to cheer up the somber mood. “Bailey knocked me over for the ball. It was funny. Then she was licking my face.”
Something bumping Peter’s side draws his attention away. It’s the roll of gauze. His gaze trails to Tony where he sees the man struggling to wrap his head. Peter sighs and puts his book on the table, before walking over to Tony. Peter leans forward almost in Tony’s lap as he starts to bandage the wound.
The bed isn’t empty this time, both of his children have made themselves comfortable in it. Their tiny forms spread out and taking up as much of the bed as they can. He gently scoots their bodies over so he has just enough room to lie down. Beverly immediately snuggles up to him invading his space. Peter’s eyes pop open and he lets up a little yawn. Tony reaches out a hand and tousles his hair.
“Are you part of the Organization, Axel?” asked Steve, his warm hand still on the nap of Tony's neck.
Perhaps because he had only reawakened, but the words seem to stab into him even more than usual. He hadn't had these thoughts in so long. He hated this part of being a mage.
But what could they do in a world that hated and feared mages other than fight as hard as they could?
And of course, as careless as always, Tony waved his hand. “Of course they should be reestablished.”
“I was thinking of playing a little game,” said Steve, looking right at him. Tony opened his mouth, and kept it open.
Kou began to preen his hair, so he took that as an okay from her. He called the Keyblade, looked at it, then raised it, pointing at the door. He wasn't sure what to expect: lights? Stars and beams of magic?
As if in response to his words, a part of the darkness seemed almost to get darker, to shift, to grow...
“I don't know what they are. They appear and disappear randomly, and they're quick. They...didn't want us to find you.”
Despite the fight, Steve still went on a run. A long run, to clear his head, and sit in the park, staring at the geese squabbling over some bread crumbs someone left for them.
A hand, not quite slamming, but definitely a bit forceful, placed near his workstation nearly made him drop the heavy boots in his hands. He looked up into the smiling face of Natasha.
“It's probably not, but I'm not known for good ideas. Anyway, we've sat here for a bit, and nothing's attacked yet. Plus, we'll cover more ground.”
“You should have left me, 'Tasha,” said Tony again. “How many times did we get in trouble because you wouldn't leave me?”
Steve ran as fast as he could, mostly to let his anger out, partially to get away from Tony. Honestly, the blame lay on both of them, for thinking that maybe they could talk about the Accords, and not get into an argument. Everything was too fresh in their minds, and just one bit began the stupid argument.
This, of course, didn't scare Anthony one bit. Nope. Okay, maybe a little. Especially after one brutal beating that nearly killed him, made him invent at the spur of the moment an enchantment that would make it so his heart didn't stop beating...that was another story...
“There are an infinite number of worlds. For anything you can imagine, for your dreams and nightmares of how your life could have been and will be, that world exists somewhere.” Howard crosses his arms behind his back, and the long, white, lab coat gave a swish as he moved.
“We'll fight the Heartless,” Steve continued, smiling down at Tony, who's eyes were wide. “We'll fight Nobodies, we'll raise the hellions, probably save the world a few times....”
Tony's hands tightened on the chair, and he began to babble. He knew it. Rambling, probably sounding like he was in awe, because in a way, he was. He was kind of right, somewhat. They were runes, of strength, endurance, speed...
“Yes, sir,” said Xigbar, hands clasped behind his back. “Quite surprising, really. They looked like goners, until Phoenix showed up.”
~~You can't quit until you try, You can't live until you die, You can't learn to tell the truth, until you learn to lie~~
Akwardly, the two separated, both flushed, both unable to quite look at the other. For a few seconds, Tony considered pulling Steve back towards him, but then anxiety washed over him like a flood, his stomach tightening, the sensations of ice down his back...
Steve found Tony looking out the window when he finally returned, looking once more like the Tony he once knew...human. He wore only  tight boxers, the same color as his skin in his other form.
Some things are revealed to Tony, and the Avengers begin to search for their missing teammate with Dr. Strange's help
The pain burned through him, like an all-consuming fever. Thoughts scattered through his mind, images he didn't understand. He reached out...
He hovered in the air, above the ruins of buildings that looked like they could touch the sky, people he knew lay on the ground, dead or dying.
“I do not believe I need to warn you that magic can hurt not only those you fight, but your allies,” said Ramuh. “Be careful how you throw magic around. Now, perhaps I will begin by training the young ones. I believe they have some rudimentary knowledge already, and that will give your team time to talk, Tony.”
“I'm a genius,” he had replied in one of their rare meetings. She was good at sneaking in at that point, damned rogue, but she was doing her best to stay alive, as well as try and find some way to fight for mage rights that didn't end her up in jail.
“Hello?” replied Tony, a bit uncertain. This Qunari certainly didn't talk like any others she had ever met.
Tony hated this. He wasn't made for stealth much, and felt naked without his full armor. Aqua told him that she would discuss with her superiors to let him help with design of his own Keyblader armor, but until then...
They sat huddled in a tent, not quite ready to face anyone. Natasha had been surprised at the reaction of those around them, a few moved to tears, some brave enough to ask if they needed anything. She never quite saw so many people interested in helping before, and perhaps that was the power of the Inquistor.
Oh, his father. Brilliant, yes. Did many good things in life, yes. But show his son some affection...
“They already are,” replied Tony, picking out a different donut, and only grumbled a little when Steve took half.
Pepper sighed. “It might be better to get it out of the way, since that is how you usually handle things.”
“No, I didn't,” Tony replied, but his eyes could not look away from the bodies below him, people he knew, people he just met.
“If we're going to fight these Heartless, Nobodies, and find the door to this world, we'll need more help,” said Steve. “We can't just abandon people here.”
After talking for a while about emotions lost to years of Tranquility, they sat in silence, still hugging each other as they did in the streets of Kirkwall, huddled for warmth.
He didn't know exactly what to do, how to make things better. Maybe he couldn't. They would need outside help, this he was certain about, but at least, for now, he could hold Tony.
Tony hated magic with a passion. Some would say it had to do with the fact he couldn't analyze it or take it apart, like many things in life, and it became harder to counteract.
Again, Steve sighed, but he nodded. They decided on a time to return to the beach, just in case. Thankfully, the island appeared quiet. There was a treehouse in the area, and he was fairly certain he saw a cave, but decided to hold off on searching that. He didn't have good memories of entering caves, and he definitely didn't want to go anywhere dark by himself. It might be quiet, but he wasn't going to assume the Heartless couldn't just pop up.
He considered getting up and punching the man himself. He managed as far as two seconds on his feet before his body gave out, clearly alive, but not recovered. Steve's arms were warm, holding him carefully, like holding glass.
Tony closed his eyes, shaking his head. Nothing of this made sense to him. This whirlwind of a reunion, the team (former, his mind said) in the room, the feeling of his two best friends squeezing his hands numb...
In the corner, staring at him with sharp blue eyes, a man with sunflower hair sat. No doubt, a warrior, with those broad shoulders and height. He sat stiffly in his chair, as if he couldn't relax. Was he a former templar, Tony wondered. And then, to his utter surprise, the stranger gave him a small smile, before standing up, and practiclly marching out the door.
Xigbar's eyes widened as Tony shifted to his other form, a beautiful sword in his hand, blue and yellow, twinned into a blade, the hilt and guard shaped like the arc reactor, though the blues of the blade were darker. He didn't pause, lunging at the Nobody.
“You know,” he whispered, Kairi wiping his brow, Xion sitting with her wooden sword at the foot of his bed, and Namine held his hand, “I always kinda liked him.”
“No need for apologizes. I have a tendency to throw people off. I am Inquisitor Rook Lavellan, also called Herald of Andraste, a fact I find rather ironic. I'm a mage, but sometimes I use knives instead, just to irritate my opponents. The people prefer I ride hallas, because apparently that's expected of my kind, but I rather like my nuggalope, Peanut. I hate the mage and templar war, accept most people for who they are, unless they try and kill me or my friends, and love food. I'm male and female, so do not be surprised if you hear both male and female pronouns when I'm being talked about, though occasionally the term 'freak' is used instead.”
If Steve hadn't seen some of it for himself, he didn't hold Tony in his arms now in, what he understood, was his esper form, he wouldn't believe it.
When they reached the shore, they took a minute to rest, and heal. Phoenix helped them in the endeavor, then flew to a tree, and promptly fell asleep.
Ramuh sat across from him. “We have lived here for a long time. Magic is not unheard of on different worlds, and sometimes it is everywhere, and sometimes, it is hidden.”
With Thor sat an older man, perhaps in his eighties, almost appearing thin and frail, and a bushy beard. His eyes seemed almost white with just the barest touch of blue mixed in. He smiled.
Just as interesting was discussing topics with Bruce. His expertise fell more with medicine and healing, but he had his fair shares of scuffles. Though not brought up under the Qun, he learned all he could, and often sat with Hawkeye and her, a book in hand, but still occasionally making comments.
Steve just looked at him. What was he seeing, in this mage who stood tall, but also shook, and not because of the breeze?
Please note that I removed some of my comments (and hopefully not anyone else). This does not mean I do not appreciate the reviews, just that my comments are rather boring, and I would much rather show the real number of reviews. Edit: And I will rewrite comments at the end of the fix, whenever that is
With a smack to the back of the head, Natasha yanked him away. Tony thought, for just a moment, he saw Steve, before being pulled into a department store. He almost resented the manhandling, except he liked this thrill, the idea of Steve hunting him.
Steve cleared his throat. “I promise, on my mother's grave, that I mean you no harm, and only wish to talk.”
It took an embarrassingly short time for Tony to come, and he thought maybe he passed out for a second. His muscles tightened, and he felt Steve bite him hard on the neck as he came, grinding into him, and growling softly. Steve held him, his muscles quivering as they slowly slide down the wall to the floor.
“Then I suppose you should just label many people as freaks, myself included,” said Steve, finding it difficult to keep his voice level, and even then, he growled just a little.
“The point is,” continued Axel with an eye roll, “is that if a person could access Kingdom Hearts, not only would they have access to all those hearts, they could travel from world to world with no issues. No wandering the Rift to travel between worlds...”
Feeling the warmth that spread through him, mixed with the coldness of sorrow, the hint of surprise...and they pulled apart, staring at each other...
One night, he snarled at his reflection, this monster, and flew out the window, away from his family. It was stupid. He knew it was stupid. That's when things always happened...
Steve's grin grew. “Well, I won't argue with the stubborn, but I know for a fact that you haven't slept around lately. You look far younger after the dip in the Lifestream, and self centered? Really? The one who's always taking hits to protect us? The man who took in numerous people into his home?
Tony stared at the pair in utter shock. He knew Natasha had his back, but in such a short time, to have gained a few new allies...not to mention the team...
Eventually, Steve pulled Tony against him, his fingers carding through his hair, so that they could finally sleep, despite protests.
He froze, not wanting to continue, but not wanting to leave and make Steve believe he wasn't interested.
A Fade Walker! Tony had heard about them, but had never met one. He knew that he was safe, because his spirits were not defending him from this person, but Compassion still stood close.
Xigbar's frown deepened. “You think it was Axel or Natasha? I know we locked that fucker out, but I could see Widow break in, and they did get Siren...”
“Was...I was...can we...talk about that another time? Just suffice it to say I'm not with them anymore, and no, I'm not a Nobody, and no, I really don't want to talk about it...?”
Steve didn't realize that the scream that cut through the air came from him, that instead of attacking their enemy, he raced to the side of the building, watching as Tony fell.
“What are you thinking, Thor?” Steve asked, stroking Tony's hair, unable to stop himself, though the others watched, bemused.
“Let us first talk about us,” said Ramuh. “About your gifts, and magic. It comes in many forms, this magic, and very few here can access this power freely. There are, of course, other magics, but this is not currently important. When you were infused with our blood, this well opened, allowing you access to our magic.”
Tony's mouth snapped shut, and he decided that following seemed a far better option than sticking his foot in his mouth again. Quietly, she led him to a different portion of Skyhold, filled with potted plants growing various herbs.
What they didn't expect was to find no village whatsoever, but a completely blackened area, pieces of burnt wood the only indication something may have once stood there, red lyrium veins littering the area. But worse...
Axel groaned. “Man, talk about opening a can of a shitstorm. Ugh, where to even start?” Axel tapped his fingers on the table. “Okay, so there's a rumor. You know how all worlds have a keyhole, and you open it, and the Heartless and Nobodies all come rolling in? Well, it gets more complicated.”
Steve stood at the end of the bed, face carefully blank, except his eyes were bloodshot, his hair in disarray.
She was beautiful, a sculpture of power, calm, and command. He nearly considered flirting with her, but though her eyes were brown, they tore through him like icicles. She walked down the stairs calmly, head held high, and her eyes never leaving his.
“I did,” said Cullen, just a bit hesitantly. Natasha wasn't sure how to handle the fact that this man was so willing to admit his sins, and yet anything good...
“Though perhaps not always the wisest decision, it is sometimes the truer response. To put you at ease, I agree with you. We need the Circles. What I am curious is your full stance on the matter that was rudely interrupted by that disdainful outburst.”
Natasha glanced at him. If she was surprised at his curse, she didn't say anything. Instead, she said, “We'll find him, Steve.”
“You're trying too hard, Tony,” said Aqua. “Keyblades aren't just a thing of the mind...they're more a thing of the heart, unlike a lot of magic.”
“You can't be serious, Steve. I...I'm a mess. A self centered, playboy, stubborn, old, just to name a few...”
“Your boyfriend,” and Tony really did wince just a little at the childishness, “was quite vocal on his displeasure. I don't find it strange for you to stand beside him.”
“They better have my cheeseburger,” mumbled Tony, even as they continued to leap and fly across the roofs.
The door burst open, Nobodies flying in. Tony almost felt sorry for them, as the shield went flying, hitting them in quick succession.
Steve pulled him up to stand, lifting him easily as his legs continued to shake, and moved them both to the bed. A part of him couldn't help laugh, at the absurdity of all of this, about how they were indeed in bed together, but basically cuddling.
