By now his nerves were frazzled and he was just looking for things to occupy his hands. Fidgeting.
“This particular specimen’s inflorescence is due to bloom in a decade, or so. Perhaps two decades.”
Please, please...
John gave him the most bewildered look. "Tattoo? Is this for a case?"
John shrugged and smiled, "You know, no decent takeaway curries on the moor."
And Dr. Holmes took both John's balls into his mouth and lightly sucked.
"No, never live. Just... online, you know..." John shrugged.
For too long the man was silent, but when he spoke there was warmth in his voice. "John, if you want something to stop you will use the word 'stop'. Is that clear?"
"Yeah."
Sherlock visualised his slow breaths wrapping around the familiar cabled pattern of the incredibly homely jumper that he had, incredibly, grown to like
Sherlock just hummed indistinctly, not at all startled by the topic.
The slow build from initial shivers, eyes closed, hands reluctant to reach, trembling thighs, tight grunts, as Sherlock unhurriedly licked and tasted, observed and learned.
Had John been... stimulated by the atmosphere there?
John continued to fume in the back of the taxi, and had gone to take a surprisingly long shower leaving the drenched and now very cold Sherlock behind without a word.
And John groaned and pulled at the restraints, thrusting his hips, his cock now deeply red and so very needy.
He closed his eyes to ward off an emerging headache.
"Settle down for me now." And he felt some of the tension leave John's body as he melted under his hands.
The sitting room floor under his bare back was bitterly cold, that lovely patch of hard wood between the two carpets. And the wind streaming in from the open window nearby was freezing. He felt snowflakes drifting down onto the skin of his face and chest. As he listened, eyes closed, to the exquisite and very appropriately titled composition by Anders Hillborg.
“You started taking your clothes off, slurring. I thought you were drugged!”
“So, no wedding.”
“So, a misunderstanding?”
"Come on, let's get you settled in bed. You'll slide off the chair soon." John stood offering a hand for him to lean on if necessary.
Much thanks to Wikipedia and BBC for fun facts (and quotes I’ve appropriated) on the magnificent Amorphophallus titanum. Never had the chance to see/smell one live myself. Not sure I'd want to :-)
"I'm John. Watson. Imperial College London. I... I look forward to your talk tomorrow, Dr. Holmes."
"Nope." Sherlock grinned.
"Dementia?!" Sherlock looked appalled.
"Is this alright?" He asked, knowing no answer will come. An eager hand enveloped his ankle.
"Yes, I am an MD," John spoke calmly, "retired recently, but still able to notice signs one is not taking care of themselves properly, signs of malnutrition and poor grooming habits."
“Could you repeat that for me please, John?”
Sherlock sat up with the duvet around his shoulders, socked feet on the floor, blinking, "Exceptionally well. Again. You?"
Clearing his throat and shifting slightly in his seat, Sherlock spoke slowly, "She did ask if I was more a dog or cat person. I took it to be a, well, a personality test for a prospective lodger. In fact she'd seemed quite enthusiastic when I mentioned a childhood pet."
'I'll be there in an hour. Thank you. - John'
Sherlock looked determined. He set the washbag on the chest of drawers and started on the buttons of the cuff of his shirt sleeve. "Should I help with the fire?"
"And in the morning I'd like to discuss discipline play."
"Not joking." He took one of Sherlock's hands and kissed it. "It is what you want, isn't it?"
"I have your permission?"
Fuck. John shivered. He was very hard now.
"Oh." Blowing his nose.
"Smoke?" Sherlock waved a pack in his direction.
"Lifestyle?!" John grimaced strangely. "You now have a lifestyle?"
"John, it was not I who found the club 'stimulating'."
And lately that was classical music. And almost exclusively performed by one man.
He had to bite his lip to contain a giggle.
Dr. Holmes leaned towards him and John's heart skipped.
Sherlock snorted. "So your conclusion is that I'm discreet? John, I don't date. I'm practically married to my piano. And not even I update my feed with details of humiliating one night stands with randoms, which is what I manage if I'm lucky..." He squirmed and a box of cigarettes appeared on the table.
John screamed.
A whisper against his temple. ”I have your permission?"
It had been a couple of weeks. And he'd thanked Sherlock for his hospitality already. The man hated repeating himself. But, then, John didn't always follow his train of thought.
John was settling in for the night, pulling him in tighter and drawing up the duvet. “Our bed.”
He sat up straighter. He was ready and he needed to make Dr. Holmes aware just how ready. "No cuts or permanent marking, no filth, nothing medical or military, nothing in public or in front of others or filmed. I am open to discussing pain beyond mild and various... implements, but have no experience with that. And no sharing."
"There are things we need to discuss and agree on. I myself have not done this in a while and my priority is for you to feel safe and comfortable. And I'd like us to take time. It does not have to happen today."
Feeling a rush John sank slowly, one leg folding after the other, hands on thighs, head down. It had been so long, far too long.
Mycroft. The arrogant twat. Sniffing around and trying to insert himself where he had no place to be. The messages mentioned ‘inheritance tax’, ‘sizable estate’, “Mummy considering signing over the Breton property’ and ‘high necessity for a strategic date’.
“I… I know it’s only Wednesday…”
It was a beautifully arranged plate of rice-stuffed vine leaves, several kinds of olives and cheeses, small stuffed pastries.
"Of course." John smiled. "I'll check when the plow's coming past. Perhaps Mike can drop off a larger pair of boots for you, you can't go out into the snow in those shoes again and none of mine will fit you."
And John smiled, beautifully, warmly, even though Sherlock could now tell he was exhausted from the trouble with Harry, from the long train ride, from the cold bothering his shoulder, the inferior tea at the rehab centre. “I have no idea what brought this on but if you’ve been sulking here for days, and you do smell as if you have, I say we’re both due a bath and some very unhealthy takeaway and some beer.”
"A film? No, no. I know you're eager to hear in minute detail about the fascinating electronic document management session I had yesterday." John winked at him. "That'll get the circulation going."
"Perfect, perfect for me, oh, John..."
John inhaled sharply but then closed his mouth tightly.
John was away. Sister, family, something or other, irrelevant. Three and a half days already and now another postponement of his return. As if rehab was more than a small nuisance, well, a smallish hell… but Harry was a strong woman. Unlikely John was needed there. Certainly he was needed here, at Baker Street. In the cold, dark, pitiful bedroom that smelled wrong.
They spent the afternoon and evening answering emails as the radio played low in the background and Sherlock was not too optimistic about his case progressing. Until he had to look around the flat for his laptop charger, finally finding it on the floor in John’s bedroom.
It was long past midnight and hours since John had climbed the stairs to crash into his own bed. Sherlock stood in the dark hallway. The dripping of the bath tap. Low hum of the city that surrounded them.
'Sherlock, go to M&S in the morning, get the one that's not too puffy. Or whatever you can afford. You can do it online.'
And all the apprehension biting at the edges of his desire evaporated. He was to do this properly. No lustful rushing. He'd need to demonstrate he was capable of full dedication. And long term commitment. He took a calming breath at the thought.
John set both palms down on the table beside the bag and attempted a smile.
And after a week returned to the book in force. His characters, brittle and confrontational already, tore at each other through acts of cruel emotional violence and even more devastating sexual encounters.
John was lowering his voice and had adopted his wide, Captain John Watson, stance. For just a moment Sherlock was distracted. He then grinned like a lunatic and ran head first into the flow of sewage ignoring a quite spectacular assortment of obscenities that almost drowned out the splash of brogue boots that followed.
"This... coverlet. It is lightweight and yet seems to possess surprising insulating ability."
Here we go again! #addicted #donttrustme #loveyouallevenmore
He sat up and looked down his naked body and the bed, all crumpled sheets, the bedspread on the floor. The room was stuffy and smelled of sweat and sex. He felt amazing.
Nothing at the morgue.
Suddenly a hot mouth sucked brutally into the skin of one pectoral. John startled and pulled at the restraints. The pain was exquisite.
The quickest possible shower and he was lifting the edge of John's duvet.
"I guess. A practice in a smaller town up north. Regular hours. No surprises. The years pass so quickly..."
A simple breakfast in the sitting room, with John kneeling between strong thighs of the man sitting in the leather armchair, fed sips of milky tea and bites of biscuits, one solid, grounding hand at the back of his neck.
And the man simply picked him up into his arms and carried him towards the bedroom. He made a small, embarrassed noise of protest. Only to feel an even tighter embrace.
He watched John fall. The man ran away but Sherlock made no move to follow him. He made no move towards John's prone body, rain drenching his jacket, his blond hair, one foot at an awkward angle. He didn't feel his own knees hitting the pavement.
"Perfect, so perfect."
He'd taken long walks into the woods at different times of the day for many weeks. Even once, cautiously, during the night. He supposed it was pointless to go looking as they had always met at the cabin and he had no idea where to search.
"Yes, it does. I do get an adrenalin rush, but at some point I crash. Usually without the amazing sex." He grinned. "I always make sure I'm off the next day. And last night's piano was heavier weighted then I prefer, a bitch."
And with a sudden feeling of calmness and confidence John stilled and opened his eyes to face a panting, disheveled, gorgeous man who looked at him with tear-filled eyes and pure admiration.
John unbuttoned his jacket and slid it off his narrow, all the while kissing at his neck and jaw. "Seeing you perform live tonight was incredibly... erotic." He kissed Sherlock passionately while sliding his hands down his back and sides to hold his waist possessively, eager to touch more, feel more. And all the time aware of Sherlock's beautiful hands on the back of his head, neck.
He was so close. One hand still gripping the antler, the other sinking down to scratch into the scalp. The buck shifted, looked up at him with wide eyes and John let his hands envelop the pale face.
"All of them? What do you mean?"
An embrace.
"Comfortable?"
He could not take for granted a man as remarkable as John Watson. And as gorgeous.
Never mind, spring was soon on it's way. This was just the end of a longer than usual winter and he'd be back to his old ways in a week or two. The bees depended on him, plus he'd need to see to the small garden after the frost...
He was lost to the shifting, unpredictable and titillating sensations when he felt vibrations of a deep voice. "I am going to spank you now."
"In the morning. We'll finish our meal now."
Another blanket pulled from his own bed in the corner of the room to wrap gaunt legs and wobbly knees. He left the feet out as the fire was their best bet. John was worried now. Malnutrition and hypothermia were a bad combination. He rubbed the feet gently with his hands as the man blinked at him.
It hurt, it fucking hurt to be so exposed. And this was what he'd longed for, this.
"Should we work on your patience?"
Three seconds.
"You're with the police then?"
John followed him up into a sitting room where Sherlock suddenly lost momentum and spun around, looking slightly apprehensive.
And then his phone rang. A murder.
"John, I lost track of time... There were some issues at work..."
He then made quick work of the ribbons, massaging each joint as it was freed, checking the skin for bruising.
John stood in the middle of the sitting room, warm smile and slight blush.
And the man was now clearly dumbfounded.
The ruse was up, no need for subterfuge now. With a moan he sucked at the skin managing to lick the rear side of John’s toes before the man flipped onto his back pulling the foot away.
Another shy nod. John should have been furious and yet all he wanted was to wrap the thin man in his arms and keep him forever.
“I’m glad you approve. The Trotting Mare down the street was booked for a stag night.”
"Ah! Tea!" And he grabbed one of the suitcases, opened it, and brought out, one by one, several small packages. He then carefully transferred them to the kitchen table. "A small token of thanks for... for everything, John."
And just like that, as they both laughed, and the rest of the tension dissipated.
He pretended to give the menu the briefest attention and raised his eyes to take John in. “I am quite certain of my choice tonight.” Cheeks slightly flushed, the corners of his eyes scrunched in a wide smile. Spectacular. And it seemed, just as nervous. Or perhaps only expectant.
With a final pass of creme over his chin John sighed in sympathy.
"No, not the case, the other... thing. The emissions. I can't control it."
They ate at the table, large bowls of soup, yesterday's rye bread, and two glasses of ale. One of Sherlock's sleeves smeared with rye flour.
So, told to be patient, twice, Sherlock sent text after text after text until Lestrade relented and sent him an address. And several choice profanities. He threw off his dressing gown and paused mid-stride. He hadn’t showered since John left. Tips of fingers to his greasy matted hair. The hat, they all loved the damn hat, it’ll do.
"I... I was doing a bit of research..."
“John…?”
“Well, the date was canceled then and there, at the bar. Between her taking two phone calls. A successful international curator…” John shrugged. “I was found… lacking.”
But he'd already set out next year's garlic crop and readied most of the rest of the garden for its winter slumber.
And the imagery... Intimate, unrestrained, explicit in its eroticism of eager mouths, bitten lips, tousled dark curls, twitchy deer ears, strong hands and the always piercing gray eyes.
"Or were you hoping for something more today?"
"Yeah?" He looked up sleepily to see curls protruding from the pillows.
John's breath stuttered into a sob against his shoulder. Not words. Just breath.
“No, not embarrassed. You were brilliant, as always. It was a fairly complex operation and you dismantled it while dancing to funky music with four different people.”
"Who wears leather soled brogues in this weather?!"
He continued to lick, suck and gently bite John all over his chest, neck, sides, stomach, thighs. Taking care to not leave bruises.
He’d arrived slightly ahead of time, ordered sparkling water and took in the atmosphere.
Exhilarated, John groaned loudly. A single thumb caught his mouth and pulled him close to a remarkable erection.
"You are thinking. It's annoying." Sherlock's voice was hoarse.
Aha, the television again. John went back to the pruning. At least it was not a quiz. The last attempt to watch one had riled Sherlock up into a frenzy of coughing and messages. After a brief call and some yelling, John had called the reception to politely ask for room service, camomile infusion and a switching off of the television for the night. Sherlock sulked and John apologized. Then Sherlock apologized.
"Come." He was taken by the waist, sinking slightly into the touch, and lead by strong hands down a hallway.
"Good. Very good. This gives us some time together. And I'd like us to get to know each other better." He set his glass down on a side table and leaned back in the armchair, crossing his long legs, straightening the crease of his trousers. John stared at one ankle. Pale gray socks with a silky finish. And blinked. How was he fucking this up, how?
Soon, sipping the wine, they were engaged in a heated discussion of some lab work that had been driving John’s team crazy the past week. Dr. Holmes listened carefully and prompted him with several interesting suggestions.
"Come here."
He nibbled on a biscuit as John took his evening shower and thought about all the evidence once more.
"Very good." Lost in pleasure John felt a loud moan escape him. He panicked. Would he be punished for using his voice? Or worse, would he be sent away?
A sigh, and rustle of plastic biscuit packaging and water being poured into the kettle.
'Not really my area. - SH'
And was met with a pair of bright gray eyes.
The buck smiled and made more of the clicking noises, turning its head lower so John could appreciate the growing antlers. It was wild, strong, surrounded by a nest of flowers, fruit and greens, gorgeous.
"Starving." Another kiss and a hand touching his chest and stomach. "It is tempting to just push you back, but I haven't eaten since the concert and might faint on top of you. So, take a shower, and we'll eat.  I can manage in the kitchen, I'm sure." And with a truly wicked grin. "Then I can get on top of you."
A small gentle kiss on his creme-moistened lips. A hand stroking up his back and to the back of his neck, the softest caring press of John’s palm. “Let’s get you comfortable, love. And next time, I’ll take the tanning booth, alright?”
He tasted bitter-salty hot skin and whimpered with need.
It was magnificent, powerful, wild as it took its pleasure rutting in a slow and steady rhythm, licking at John's face, mouth, neck, breathing its scent over him. Soon it too shook, ejaculating spurts of semen over John's thighs and groin, grunting with pleasure and satisfaction.
"You're baking bread. It smells wonderful."
“John.”
It was at once the most poignant and the most seductive thing John had ever experienced. By the end he was unsettled. Shaking through the roaring applause and several encores. He had to see him, even if it resulted in awkwardness or embarrassment.
One hoof took a hesitant step forward.
And then he really took him in. Oh, fuck. This was serious. The man was shivering and swaying on the spot, eyes wondering about the room. Hypothermia.
John looked puzzled. He glanced at the plant, then at Sherlock. Right, best carry on.
"How do you take it?"
"Still, why the rush."
"I have your permission?"
John relaxed back into the pillows, watching and listening as Sherlock started on a very fast and complex, joyful composition, a wild grin on his face.
The pages accumulated. The carnal dreams were recurring.
"Are you ill?" John simultaneously placed the back of one hand on his forehead and reached to take his pulse with the other. Exhausted, terrified, ashamed, Sherlock sunk into his arms and started sobbing.
If only he knew, John thought. Perhaps soon. "So, you've read all of my books?" John asked, eyebrows raised.
They each took a long shower and waited for the Chinese takeaway to arrive in silence. John looked at his bare feet on the carpet. Sherlock attempted to close his eyes but couldn't.
"The left... Never mind, here." John opened a cabinet and took out a large metal box.
“Oh, no, no, he has his little library job. Three mornings a week.” He sighed theatrically. “I complain and complain about the alarm but he won’t be swayed to give it up.”
A hand wrapped around his wrist and he startles to see John, worn white shirt and navy boxers, looking sleepy and slightly annoyed.
John couldn't take his eyes off the man. He was obviously brilliant, as far from dementia as one could be at any age, and, if John was honest with himself, possibly the most handsome man he'd ever laid eyes on. And he really loved his stew, scraping up the last spoonfuls.
He tried arousing him in the morning but was met with a pliant partner who waited for permission to respond. In the evening they'd sit on the sofa reading together or watching a film and he always made sure to put his arm around the narrow shoulders, to hold Sherlock's hand. He bought him a small gift, a box of special Japanese pencils to mark his scores with. Sherlock thanked him profusely. And then kept silent for the rest of the evening.
And just like that he was enveloped in strong arms, hot breaths against his neck, hands pulling him in, stuttering clicks and sighs.
There had been toast and butter, then more tea, while the used linens sat in a pile at the bottom of the stairs leading to John's room with several towels thrown on the top.
After Sherlock was suitably dressed, an undertaking which left John enough time for a second cup of tea but was in his humble, and frankly blushing, opinion well worth the wait, the two jumped into a black cab for a breakfast for two with plenty tea at a quaint art deco cafe, formica tables and tiled walls. Once more, Sherlock ate with delight, requesting an extra side of bubble and squeak for John, then quizzing him on his favorites in London before going into great detail about the gruesome murder, fork playing out the fatal knife slashes, that happened in the alley next to the cafe some years ago.
Aware there was no chance of running into anyone John had years ago abandoned swim shorts in favor of simply stripping down and enjoying the chilly fresh water of the stream naked.
"You've brought an armchair?"
John stared for a few devastating seconds, then, an exasperated exhale, took three steps around the kitchen table and brought Sherlock’s face to his shoulder in an enveloping, tight embrace.
The 'considerate doctor' voice was starting to grate on him. "Exciting?"
Sherlock shook his head just as the thermometer beeped.
The next morning there was something new on the bench. A crude basket of willow branches and fern leaves, filled with wild strawberries and carefully arranged blooming wild clover. No sign of the creature but John knew how the basket got there.
John felt so happy he could not help laughing out loud.
"No television?" John asked, stuffed and sleepy.
"Fine. Good." He was sifting through the pile of dishes in the sink in search of a cup.
“Not crawling in sewerage, again, no. Not buying a new jacket when even the specialist dry cleaners can’t get rid of the diseased smell, not again!”
John kept begging to be fucked, harder and deeper, and more.
His last relationship had been a decade ago and had ended in bitter disappointment. Well, ‘relationship’ may be a stretch for a series of encounters with a man whose full name he now struggled to recall. Still, it stung to be bruskly abandoned. Ridiculed by a former sub. Called a ‘freak’.
"You are so lovely. Perfect. Perfect."
“Well, you have it. Now, out with it. I have twenty minutes before I need to leave for the lab and I do plan to have my tea and finish dressing. Ask.”
“John.”
"John?"
With one hand desperately pulling on his own erection he mouthed at silky foreskin, licked and sucked at the head and swallowed greedily and deeply.
He was not going to fail John now.
“Yes?”
"I think you are already doing very well deferring your release. Would you try for a longer time, the full day?"
They stood at the back of the Land Rover and John, hands crossed on his chest, surveyed the large overpacked boot, suitcases and boxes filling the space.
The promise... Thinking about last night's mention of discipline play he was about to start rutting, another harder pinch and he began thrusting with jerky movements. Would he be allowed this, to beg?
Early morning light woke him and for a moment John thought he had fallen asleep reading in his armchair. The room was quite cold and his back was uncomfortable. Then he noticed the man in his bed. And smiled. The duvet was pulled over his head leaving nothing but one lanky leg to protrude from its bottom edge, with its bright blue socked foot. One of the pillows was on the floor.
He took a fresh bottle of lubricant and some towels from the bathroom and returned to bed. Judging from previous days he thought he had twenty or so minutes before Sherlock woke, so quite enough time, even for someone as out of practice as he was.
Spring, but still chilly. The bedroom of the cabin only got a bit of heat from the now long cold kitchen stove. He shrugged off the t-shirt and found a thick wool jumper and even thicker socks. Tea.
'RT @parisreview: Your summer reading bit.ly/18q...'
John sat up, determined to salvage the situation he'd created.
They stayed like this for a while. Wet and getting colder as the storm cooled down the city and the flat. Sherlock was finally calmly breathing. He pushed out of the hug.
"You are stunning. Absolutely gorgeous."
"But let's get you out of these wet clothes first."
"I was thinking of getting one, at home, but I'm afraid of becoming the grumpy old fart yelling at quiz shows on BBC."
Of course! The number! It was during a reading of her gas meter, a simple misunderstanding that led to a grave mistake and an attack on the wrong man.
He pushed on, his effort must come to fruit.
"Yes, it's quite good."
He was obvious.
And finally he reached for the opened silicone mold and held up a perfect sphere of clear ice.
It was a longer ride to the South London Botanical Institute. He had fond memories of spending days at the herbarium as a younger man, the collections of lichen, mosses, liverworts and slime moulds, exquisite herbaria.
And Sherlock broke out into a twitchy full-bodied laugh.
"John, just John is fine. And a bit of milk, please."
"There are no cases. Well, nothing interesting. Almost died in a snowstorm for barely a four recently..."
Alert. Had been since five that morning. And it was only Wednesday. John turned his face into the pillow and groaned.
"Sir, visiting hours are over soon, I must ask you to..."
Fascinated, Sherlock stood in front of a wall-mounted memorial fountain, luckily for the investigation, a dried up and unkempt one. The blood drops sticky in texture against the equally dark ledge, consistent with what he expected, just a confirmation they were closer to the end of this empty chase. It was the kinetic sculpture that made up the fountain that had his attention. He had deduced the workings of its mechanism, offset bearings causing the lighter disc to disappear and reappear behind the darker one, and was about to suggest to John they return in the spring to see it as it rocked under the weight of the water.
“Don’t leave.” And he was sobbing. Pathetic. Loud.
“Perfect.”
John had come back slightly less angry and wearing fresh clothes, including a different jacket and shoes. Sherlock had already thought of a more than decent replacement for the brogues, one of the pair now lost to, fittingly, one of the lost rivers of London.
Sherlock's own game plan had been a series of blunders.
"Unfortunately no, hadn't needed one since my retirement. But you can wear one of my long sleeved thermals, under the cardigan?"
John paled.
"Where have you been?!"
Trembling, indeed. John groaned into his pillow.
Still, it was all fine. Far, far better than fine.
Yes. Very aroused by now. Squirming under my feet.
"Come with me to the bedroom."
He helped John, who was a little unsteady on his legs and soon they were under the bedspread, John at his side. He pulled him closer and kissed the top of his head as John sank into his arms with a small hum.
One more soft, wet kiss and he moved to stand, the thumb on one hand on the verge of penetrating.
It felt strange and at the same time so satisfying, having Sherlock so at home in his kitchen, making breakfast and humming. He felt a rush.
"Oh, my beautiful boy. You bring me so much joy. I will take care of you."
As the day progressed, he found himself looking around, eager to glimpse the blond man. Perhaps he'd left the conference. He felt a tinge of regret and promptly tried to shake the feeling off.
'RT @Bill_T_Murray: Wild Boys!!! #trashedhotelroom' With a blurry photo of the four of them at the hotel bar, hugging, waiving their glasses and grinning like idiots.
Well, perhaps that was an exaggeration, he did still feel quite ill, his skin still pulled and burned, but it was…
Two steps and Sherlock was standing very close to him. And reaching to take the tea towel from his hands and set it on the counter. Suddenly, John felt a wave of anticipation.
"Oh, yeah." Giggles.
So he edged closer, and a bit more, until his side was pressed against the curve of John's spine. Warm, slightly damp with sweat, face half buried in his pillow. A solid snore. And, to Sherlock's delight, unshowered.
"Well, if you don't mind sharing with a grumpy old fart..."
"And I assume the day's 'plan' had something to do with the, frankly astonishing, selection of condoms you left displayed in the bath this morning?"
"Following commands?"
“No, it’s perfect, the food, everything. Thank you, really.”
Held, caressed, protected, cared for. He had never felt anyone's affection like this.
Salty, bitter, hot.
"Well, John," Sherlock took a thick scarf from the hook into his own hands and wrapped it around John's neck, "had we met earlier in life perhaps you'd been a worthy consulting detective's assistant. You do seem less of an idiot than the rest of them."
"Do you want to get out of your wet clothes? Wear something of mine?"
It was fantastic.
He was pulled in close for a long, tender kiss.
Will John finally say something? His silence on the matter had initially been a relief, but after nine consecutive nights Sherlock found it disquieting.
He was interrupted by another bout of coughing.
The glitter took four subsequent shampooings, plus he took the time to rinse the bath. No need to get John even more riled up.
And he was to be disciplined for his behaviour. He was allowed.
John felt his bad leg tremble. He couldn't. He was starting to shake, gasp for air. He lowered his forehead to rest against Sherlock's shoulder. They stayed like that for a bit, John trying to relax into the hands that held him so very close. He ran his fingers along the protruding bones of Sherlock's spine, feeling the warm body under the thin cotton of the shirt, the breaths, an elevated heart rate to rival his own.
John looked up surprised, perhaps he was making a fool of himself.
Held his hand for all of London to see.
"Bed. I want you in my bed, John. Naked." Sherlock started to unbutton and pull open and off first his shirt, then his trousers, all the while sucking aggressively down the side of his neck in a way that was sure to darkly bruise.
It took him a moment to understand, to understand the bearing of his own body, a body that was less and less his own. Sitting sideways with his legs folded under him he was enveloped by Dr. Holmes' strong thighs, his face pushed against damp wool, sweat and salt, and a very prominent, hard cock. John almost choked.
John started on his shirt buttons, his hands sure and warm, then his cuffs. He snickered. “I have no idea what that is but you can tell me all about it in the bath. It’ll take a while to shampoo that rat’s nest back into my soft curls, won’t it?”
Sherlock hummed, heel of boot digging into gravel.
Sherlock rushed past the blooming primulas towards the medicinal border of the garden that held plants of pharmaceutical use, including the not so ‘mysterious’ but certainly not typical of London’s parks Artemisia annua, sweet wormwood, a promising star in a new medical treatment.
This may or may not go on to have more chapters. If it does, check rating and tags. Needed some comfort and calm myself...
"I was good at dating. Well, good at first, sometimes second dates. Not many third dates. Seems most women aren't interested in discharged army doctors, in their forties, with raging PTSP triggered by anything from a loud sneeze to a passing bus."
As he pushed expertly into Sherlock's tight arches John spoke more about his week and plans for a friendly rugby match with friends from uni for Sunday morning.
Their quick escape was thwarted by a young journalist who ran in as John was packing up and politely asked for an interview. John sat back next to the books to answer some questions and Sherlock went outside to smoke assuring him that he didn't mind waiting. The rain had stopped.
He'd also passed the relevant information to Lestrade who was now planning a warehouse search and seizure, had thanked him profusely.
Yes, yes I am. Allowing you to rub yourself against it. To make a mess of it.
'May I knock on your door again? - John'
Tucking the edges underneath until the top of the dough ball was smooth, John placed the dough into the basket and covered it with a clean tea towel. Just in time, the soup was almost ready.
He finished the last of the texts to Lestrade, confirming that the Met would forget the whole incident and returned his mobile to the coat pocket. “Hm?”
It took him a moment to calm down a bit and he looked up to see a mad grin on Sherlock's face.
“Oh, should have opted for a finer bottle then.”
Suited. Dr. Sherlock Holmes looked at his reflection in the mirror, repeating the word to himself. Their meeting had been accidental. And the accident was… incredible. He’d truly never thought he’d meet someone so suited to the desires he hadn’t even admitted to himself in such a long time.
John still read through it all. Twice. And played and replayed one of the videos, Sherlock's hands, fingers hitting the piano keys.
The aftermath of an adrenaline surge and John's familiar warm embrace, Sherlock was surely and fast approaching sleep. "I'll wake you in two hours. I've set my watch."
Love.
Finally he climbed out and with a delighted exhale lay down in the shade of a large oak tree.
Sherlock took his time, balancing his body just over John's on knees and one hand, taking the brush over most of the beautiful exposed skin, including face, ears, neck, armpits, navel, around his balls and finally the just exposed crack below them.
"Yes, yes I would."
It was highly unlikely that John, who had seen it all the very first time they met as doctor and patient, and had not blinked, who'd passionately touched and kissed his skin numerous times, would now take one look at him naked and leave. And still, he felt ill just thinking of it. His hand rose to touch his chest... and with a jerk he pulled it down to his side, fist tightly closed.
"So good for me. Wonderful."
"Let's sit down and talk for a moment."
"Following commands?"
"Like you and the rest of the world haven't had a minute-by-minute rundown. Did only four hours at the piano. And it was a mess. Performance anxiety... of sorts." He was fidgeting in his seat. "A few years ago I had some therapy, anxiety, stage fright, OCD, this and that. Well, like you haven't noticed. We also discussed my oversharing."
"I'm sorry... I am so sorry..." He barely managed in a broken voice.
“I pretended I was intoxicated. It wasn’t real. It was for the case…” Sherlock touched his hair, it would take more than one shampooing to get all the glitter out.
"Please."
"Want to help with the bread? I need to start the dough for tomorrow. Come on, wash your hands, it'll be fun."
Five strikes on the same buttock in quick succession. His palm felt warm. Watching John's skin pink. He pinched and John yelped.
Sherlock gave him a few moments to calm, one hand steady on John's lower back. He then reached for the lubricant on the side table.
John's voice was shaky. "Your phone number?"
John felt cherished.
When Sherlock took the stage, wrapped in formal white tie, staring at his feet, and all nervous tics, the audience greeting drowned out John's sharp inhale. He looked fragile and anxious. And devastatingly beautiful.
John busied himself with tea and a plate of cut apples and blueberries while the buck arranged flowers, leaves and mosses around the quilt and finally settled in the middle to fumble with the wet scarf tangled in its antlers.
So keen.
The wind was positively howling, the cold harsh. The snow was already past his ankles and falling thick. And there was no one there. If John wasn't careful he'd slip and they'd find him frozen outside his doorstep. Wouldn't that be a story for the locals in the village pub. Struggling a bit with his gloves he switched on the torch and waved it in the direction of the road. Just in case.
They’d made him take his shoes off before entering the building. Irrelevant.
This was... impossible. And yet, here they were.
John's voice was tight. "He's my friend..."
"And outside of the lab?"
"There isn't even a toothbrush in that car, is there?" He couldn't suppress a snicker.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John's neck. "You might. Once you find out  how tedious, needy and... and sluttish I am."
And every time he lost his nerve.
One solid hand over his heart. He was safe, he could surrender completely and Dr. Holmes would take care of everything. John felt a surge of emotion.
"More, please, more."
John ran his hand self-consciously through his hair once again. It was endearing. And at the same time it drove Sherlock to the edge of arousal.
There was no awkward negotiation that evening, no denial.
Well, as long as he was awake, now giggling in his bed. 'Since when do you guess?'
"You may answer."
But Sherlock had more pressing issues to deal with.
The end of the week. It seemed very far away just now. Several predawn hours into this, frankly hopeless, ignoring of his tense muscles, his bitten and tingling lips, the pull of rough cotton sheets against his sweaty skin, and his very alert cock.
"You are stunning. Absolutely gorgeous."
“John… I am the most unpleasant, rude, ignorant and all-round obnoxious arsehole that anyone could possibly have the misfortune to meet. I am dismissive, unaware, un… un… uncomprehending…” He started swallowing the syllables.
John was now massaging the pinched buttock and biting at the side of his jaw. “What, someone objected to repeatedly saying what translates to ‘gigantic cock’?”
Sitting on the bus he took out his phone and punched the number into it. And sent a brief text, 'This is my number. John Watson', then added 'Thank you for the impressive performance tonight.' And hit send.
"Oh, John." Sherlock sat up and looked about the room, yawning. "You've been up a while. And out. My apologies, I am typically not prone to oversleeping. Must be a reaction to yesterday's hypothermia."
"Very local, yes." John laughed passing a wooden honey dipper and watching as Sherlock carefully swirled a teaspoon sized drop onto the side of his plate. He proceeded to dip a fingertip in the honey, bring it to his lips and suck on it. Feeling suddenly very foolish, heat in his cheeks, John cleared his throat, "The hives are not a hundred feet from the chair you're sitting on. So, yeah, very local."
Strong arms pulled him in without reserve and, for a moment, he thought of the expertly executed tackle. A familiar hand settled into a pattern of strokes between his shoulder blades as he buried his face into John's shirt.
"No, no one is expecting me. The case was wrapped up and there is nothing of interest in London at this moment." He was now eating with clear signs of pleasure, slathering a second slice with butter and sprinkling sea salt flakes on top. "I tried my mobile last night but its battery is out. Only emails from idiots anyway."
His trousers and socks off but his shirt firmly buttoned at the wrists, Sherlock sighed against John's chest. This was the most dangerous thing he'd ever attempted. Doomed to failure, surely. He'd need to examine...
No dead body.
"What about it?"
“John?”
John complied slowly. Jacket, shirt. Sometimes a partner would flinch when his scars appeared, but not this time. Shoes, socks, neatly set by the bed. His hands were shaking slightly and he was fully hard already. Trousers and pants.
Sherlock laughed taking off his glasses to rub at his eyes.
He moved his pillow to the footboard of the bed and, sitting back on his heels, leaned his chest on it. He checked over his shoulder, Sherlock was still sleeping, on his side and facing John. John could see his face and could imagine the view he was about to wake up to.
Dr. Holmes was still silent.
John was biting his lip. That earned him another severe pinch. He responded beautifully, thrusting his thick cock against Sherlock with a moan.
Fascinated by the design of the culvert through which one of London’s subterranean rivers ran its course, Sherlock ran a finger over overlaid sketches and maps spread out over the floor of the small room the Met was letting him use.
"You're doing so well, John. I am so proud of you."
John ate with his fingers, biting into a slice, licking his fingers and sighing happily. Sherlock smiled and cut into his piece.
John pulled him in tighter as he snored lightly. Sherlock slept a full eight hours.
So, some seven months ago I had this image of the hand at the back of the neck as a soothing, intimate, loving gesture... to quote Oscar Wilde's essay
"I'd hoped we might..." He was making it worse. Surely the man would send him away in disgust. His breathing became labored as he fought back tears.
They sat on the sofa side by side, naked, hair still damp from the shower, cold beers in hand, all the windows open as the sun went down and the room was slowly enveloped in darkness. Sherlock kept one hand on John's thigh, lightly scratching through the soft golden hairs and humming.
What awaited him was a sight.
And he took both John's balls into his mouth and lightly sucked.
John smiled, warmly, expectantly.
With broken moans John sucked and licked.
John whimpered.
John looked up, blinked a few times and spoke barely audibly. "You have my permission Dr. Holmes."
Touch was a constant possibility.
He kept his eyes closed but knew it was futile. A small breath or shift of blanket, not louder than the crackling of the fire, yet he was aware he wasn't alone in the room.
Sherlock pinched again and John bit his lip.
John noticed Sherlock was blushing, while feigning an air of indifference. He looked so tempting.
John was laid down with care, enveloped in soft sheets and a perfect embrace. He felt a kiss mark the top of his head. He felt wanted, owned.
John's eyes immediately went to the nightstand and Sherlock allowed him a moment to take in the carefully arranged items.
So he hung up his coat, took off his wet shoes and socks, rolled up the sleeves of his damp shirt and made a large pot of tea and two sandwiches, cheddar and the spicy pickle that was John's favorite. He was setting some biscuits on another plate when John reappeared, in his warm dressing gown, toweling his hair.
Sharp. John sat back on the black leather chesterfield and watched the sharp, well-attired man, bespoke suit and exquisite dark curls, sharply cut down an attempt by a group of colleagues to engage him in conversation. John dragged one finger along the edge of his wine glass and allowed himself to keep watching from a distance.
"Not a case. No. A... lifestyle decision, John." He shifted in his seat and turned up his collar for good measure.
"I am enjoying this very much."
He was pulled in closer to straddle strong thighs, the buck's arms surrounding him, hands brushing over his back and buttocks possessively as deeper guttural sounds were voiced.
His phone pinged in the sitting room and he walked towards it with dread.
"We haven't known each other for long but if you need any sort of support, including financial support, I'm fully prepared..."
One hoof tapping in the lush grasses. His mature antlers spanned an impressive width but were still in sensitive velvet. John looked him over, stared at the impressive rack of antlers. He seemed stronger, wilder.
And he's up on his feet, pacing the room, arms flailing. "It is unbearable John! Idiots," hands tugging at hair, "and their various 'social networks'," he pronounced the phrase with a touch of disgust, "as if there was anything socially relevant in those cesspools of narcissistic spew, John! 'Hacked'?!" he spat out the word. "As if Sherlock Holmes is the man to call when you forget to logout of the display tablet in the local shop?!"
The man had not appreciated Sherlock's offhand comment about his own impossibility to partake in the brothel's offerings and, so, he was now sitting on the edge of their bath as John stuck tiny plasters to close the small cut low on his forehead.
“Not at all John. I’m a very reasonable man.”
Clearly trying to calm down a bit, Sherlock withdrew just enough to bite at John's neck, bringing his hand up to trace John's lips with his fingertips. John's broken, stuttering breath spoke volumes. Two fingers pushed into his mouth.
"Gorgeous, you truly are."
He pressed the call button.
He’d never tire of John’s laugh.
“I’ll keep that in mind.” John grinned like an infatuated idiot.
A 'mild traumatic brain injury'. As if the word 'mild' could be used in the same sentence with the rest of that diagnosis?! Sherlock inhaled a shaky breath and opened his eyes.
He shifted and John Watson walked past him into the room. He stood by the bed, clearly vibrating with excitement. His breathing was accelerated. And the twitchy hands. Still, it was clear he was trying to contain himself, to please. Again, good.
But he still fucking missed him.
"Thank you."
"Come to me." He gestured with his hand.
And the man's lips opened for a sharp inhale. He sat up straighter. Then a pink tongue appeared to wet his top lip.
Sherlock was giddily showing him around, picking up one score or another from the top of the piano, a bottle of cold beer in his hand. John sat on the sofa with a drink of his own.
"Thanks." He opened the cover while checking his jacket pocket with his other hand. "Oh no, I've forgotten my bloody glasses again."
John smiled and kissed his cheek, maneuvering him to lie down. "Yes, you are. Now let me rub my cook's feet." He took off his socks and started with warm rubs.
And sadly alone, left to deal with his arousal on his own.
But no, that wasn't all of it, he still missed something.
"Yes... that would be good."
"You may cum as soon as I do, John."
John hadn't been hurt. Jumping away from the knife he'd slipped on the wet pavement and fallen flat on his face as their suspect, now confirmed culprit, fled. It had lasted a moment. A moment Sherlock had been suspended in horror.
Yes, please.
"Yeah. So when people ask about our date?"
"Yeah. Great thing about this work is you just need a computer. That's it."
He pushed his thumb in and touched the tip of that pink tongue. Small hot breaths and more shivering.
“They do an excellent hake in a chicory and anchovy relish, if you’re thinking fish. A balance of salt, bitter notes and umami.”
And miles away, while at the village post office, John Watson was picking up a package with embarrassingly reddened cheeks and surely the young lady working there now thought him either a tippler... or worse.
There. Done. He unplugged the blue ethernet cable and the laptop was offline. The way he kept it while he wrote. And he was ready to sit down and write for several hours. Bursting with a nervous energy, somewhat angry with himself, his ridiculous obsession with Sherlock Holmes, the character in the third installment of his trilogy who clearly resembled the pianist in appearance and who was about to engage in a fist fight in this chapter.
He took his place on the offered pillow, one hand still brushing the warm skin.
“John…! Of course, the noise!”
Who was clearly just as enamored with him. Spreading his thighs to grasp his thick cock in its rough calloused fingers. It took so little. John, breathing in the scent of the wild, the forest, the sex, cried out and orgasmed, his fingers running up the soft velvet.
"Should I heat up more?" John asked.
By mid-afternoon they were both exhausted and hungry again, although Sherlock denied both.
"The last one is particularly good, I could hardly put it down. The nervous energy, and all the truly filthy relationships. I kept it next to me when I played, for days. Tried to channel that vitality in my own work, I guess." He blushed and took a sip of his beer.
He rubbed his eyes, his stop was almost here and it would take too long to catch another bus back.
The scent that now enveloped his damp skin heightened each sensation and too soon John started moaning and pushing into that hot mouth. It was rough and uncoordinated and he orgasmed almost painfully hard, hands gripping antler and fur.
"This tea is amazing."
"Anything." That reckless grin was back. John was reassured and relaxed.
"Alright, then why the call?"
"Excuse me?"
The kiss was soft and long, and John was lost as gentle hands removed the rest of his clothes and maneuvered him to lay down on his back. For a moment he didn't understand as the buck turned, but soon he was straddled by furry thighs, that luscious cock rubbing at his lips as the buck carefully lowered its antlers to lick at John's groin.
'I might have wrongly estimated the size of the duvet. You were obviously the right person to contact, John. Amending my order. And adding bedding. - SH'
He tried a smile.
Exhausted, sweaty, aware he had semen smeared on his chest and perhaps in his hair, Sherlock relished the repetitive gentle scratches at the back of his neck as John held him, relished hearing his soft breaths that would soon become raspy snores, relished the smell of his unwashed body, relished knowing the number of nights he’d already spent in his arms. Relished the possibility of so many more days and nights to come.
The next dawn brought a sudden storm with heavy rain. It was colder, too. John glanced out the door quickly and not seeing anything, anyone, set to making the fire.
He visualised his slow breaths wrapping around the familiar cabled pattern of the incredibly homely jumper that he had, incredibly, grown to like. Repetition. Sherlock huffed into the wool. It must be the fullness of his stomach. The pleasant exhaustion of his thighs. After his typical post-case crash of twelve hours of sleep and ‘you’re having a proper fry up, no arguments’, he was sated. Then there had been another kind of sating. John had been exceedingly thorough in reminding Sherlock it had been a four day case and both were ravenous for more than a hot sit-down meal.
“Now, I do believe you were fifteen minutes late to dinner tonight.”
The only response was a shudder, and he couldn't see his face to tell if he was hurt. The temperature was dropping and the rain was getting worse.
And the man had surprisingly delectable feet.
“Again, I apologise. I don’t know what got into me…” John drank the rest of his tea and cleared his throat.
And if the idiot wrapping a second, not wool mind you but bloody silk, shawl around his neck didn't give John some kind of mirthful thrill.
Sherlock looked up to see John's open smile. And kissed him.
He pulled again feeling his muscles tense under the cool bristles of the brush, feeling the bite of the silk into his skin.
He spoke softly. "Comfortable?"
The hand on the low of his back pulled him closer. Sherlock finally closed his eyes and slept.
“Thank you, John.”
"Oh, my beautiful boy. You bring me so much joy. I will take care of you."
As always, John had brought an unexpected element to their encounter, and had inadvertently pushed him past the point of intimacy he'd assumed he was ready for. An incredible man. At once impulsive and devoted.
"Take a sip."
It had been a simple, utterly unengaging, case. He'd only accepted Lestrade's call to get out of the flat and stretch his legs a bit. Fraud. Money. The owner's cousin. Tedious.
"All right, perhaps those are not for me." He glanced around. "Let's see what we can do. I don't suppose you drink tea but maybe you'd like to settle in front of the fire for a while while the storm passes?"
John was aware he was blushing. "I... I'd had a brief encounter with someone more experienced at university. Very brief." His hands tied behind his back and some manhandling and that was it. "And not since then... well, not successfully anyhow. I've read some things and I suppose I have been looking for an opportunity for some time now."
John opened his eyes and looked, really looked. He nodded.
He wasn't unknown, but neither a publishing superstar. And the new book, the second in a series, was selling surprisingly well. Mostly as an ebook. But some still preferred the hardback. And a stack of these was what he was signing today.
Hm, might as well... 'Rather an attempt at flirting.'
He’d decided against the motorcycle. There was a small chance he was wrong in his pessimistic predictions and they’d end the evening at Dr. Holmes’s flat.
Sherlock shook his head.
John closed his eyes for a moment and nodded. This, this was where he'd felt the need to surrender to Sherlock. "Yes, the full day."
After more indulgence than he'd planned to allow himself he pulled back and looked into those open blue eyes.
Sherlock curved carefully against John's back, pressing closer, fitting himself against the back of thighs, navel to vertebral column, face to scarred shoulder.
John dragged the palm of his right hand across the base of his skull. Steady breaths.
"Oh, you take an eager audience member home after every recital, then kick them out at first light?"
“… if we cut back on the takeaways a bit… I could cook more often… healthier, too… more fruit and veg… five a day…”
"Yeah?" Blushing? Really?
Finally, as Sherlock turned onto his back stretching away from him in sleep, it was time to get up. Take care of his insistent bladder, build a fire in the fireplace and another in the wood-burning stove in the kitchen, fill the kettle, dress for the day.
John actually stumbled slightly, to the irritation of the crowding waiter.
OK, whatever he was into, it wasn’t humiliation. He was not looking into a reprise of that, thank you very much. He had dignity, as a man and as a scientist. He sat up straighter. “Yes, well aware.”
"Yes... that would be good."
He was shifted gently to lie down with his head in the man's lap, facing him.
John was home. His mobile, on the kitchen table, clearly used in the last hour. Sherlock could not deduce the reason for his alarmed tone.
"But on the mend now. Room service brings up soup on schedule. And they have a duvet. Several, in fact."
"You're impossible." John was now aware of his hands pressing Sherlock tightly towards him as he spoke against velvety skin.
That word.
“Hmmm…” Sherlock closed his eyes to better enjoy the combination of hair scratching and lips against his jaw.
Fuck.
And they laughed. Easily, happily. Getting both wet as the relentless rain won against the canvas awning.
He took several calming breaths.
He poured aware he was being carefully watched.
Feeling adventurous John took down his waterproof trousers and winter jacket hanging by the door and dressed. A torch from the kitchen drawer, right. Gloves. Then sitting on the wooden bench he pulled on his boots.
"John?" A whisper.
At the time he had no idea the composer was Chopin. And the pianist playing the etude was Sherlock Holmes.
He allowed his body to cool down as he lazily maneuvered in the water, wetting his head and taking several gulps. The stream was not as turbulent as during the snowmelt of the spring and he dived and floated at his leisure.
"It was my pleasure, truly. And speaking about pleasure..." He pinched one buttock quite sharply and John jolted. "I'd like to discuss our day."
It was another puzzle. And with no case, Sherlock could dedicate his full attention to it.
John looked pained, he brought one hand to rub at his eyes. "Go to bed now. We'll talk in the morning."
Mike reached out to shake his hand. "Mike Stamford, so pleased to meet you in person."
"Hungry?"
Sherlock picked up one photo of the pair, smiling for the camera. Yes, loyal. And very much in love.
And what about the woman? What?!
"Oh, why would it be rude to ask that?"
The brush drew patterns over most of the exposed skin of his tensing body, including face, ears, neck, armpits, navel, around his balls and finally the just exposed crack below them.
"Yes."
He cleared his throat and got up. "The fire needs stoking."
John stood at the table and watched while Sherlock took off his suit jacket and rolled up his shirtsleeves, then poured two glasses of red wine from a heavy decanter and brought a platter of meze from the fridge.
Scruffy. Scruffy blond hair, scruffy lace-up boots, scruffy black leather jacket. Well, at least that last detail distinguished him from the others, badly fitting suits and polyester dresses apparently very popular. He looked far too rough to even be here. Still, if the man cracked a joke of the 'What did the scientist say when he found 2 isotopes of helium?' variety, he was leaving immediately.
In dressing gowns and pyjamas, they ate sitting side by side on the sofa, some insipid television programme playing. But John, relaxed now, clearly enjoyed watching the three men discuss rugby as if it was of great importance. There was a colorful chart of statistics on the screen and much nodding.
Not bored. Far from bored. Sherlock was, simply and profoundly, terrified.
This was... Well, it was exactly what he'd hoped to find coming to London, to be completely honest.
"I... I... oh..." Sherlock hesitated for a moment. And then quickened and deepened his thrusts.
And John's lips parted with a small gasp.
"Shall we continue?"
“Or are you more of a game man, John?”
"Sherlock?"
This had to be above 20 kHz. Did John hear it, too?
"Amazing creature."
"Why don't we take this to the sitting room."
So much pent up anger hidden behind a kind smile and a too nice cardigan. A crack shot who giggled at kitten videos.
"There have been three young women here and one rather industrious young man, very diligent, working night and day!"
"Yes."
He looked up to see a fiery gaze framed by the grapevine-wrapped monumental antlers. The buck was making hoarse guttural sounds, both hands holding John's face as if in reverence of what it saw. With a sigh it pulled John off and moved to kneel in front of him.
"Hey, come here." John reached down and took the sponge away. And then lowered himself next to him and took both of his wet hands and placed them against his chest. "Let me hold you now."
The man did not stir, a low snore.
'What happened to the eiderdown?'
He looked at the reflection in the mirror. Already thin and pale he now looked gaunt and gray in his crisp white starched shirt and dark suit jacket. Perhaps the man had woken up next to him and regretted submitting to someone so austere in appearance and character.
"I had... been so impatient..."
"It has been a long week. Please." In contrast to the suggestive stance at the door, John now humbly asked for him.
Sherlock gingerly picked up the spoon and looked at John who nodded with encouragement. He finally took the bowl and started eating, slowly first, then with clear pleasure, dipping the bread in the stew, crumbling it all over that blanket, smacking his lips.
John nodded.
He got up leaving the phone on the bed and went into the bathroom to take a slightly too cool wake up shower.
"Thank you for yesterday," he managed, letting his head fall on that solid chest. Oh, the man smelled amazing.
"Oh, no, thank you John, this was plenty. And exceptionally flavorful." He set the empty bowl back on the tray and took the tea cup. "I suppose you have to be a proficient cook living here, not many takeaways down the street."
"So it is a delay?"
Sherlock looked stunned. "I... bread... Yes. Thank you."
Then the shirt was off and draped over the footboard. Still on his knees, he took his time running his hands over the arms, shoulders, down John's sides. His eyes were closed now, his head a bit lower, cheeks blushing, skin becoming dewy with sweat. Beautiful.
John held him, arm tight around his waist. He placed the other hand under his chin and lifted it up forcing him to take a look. And he was smiling, his eyes gentle, happy.
He brought only his left hand to the keyboard and started on a solemn but increasingly passionate piece. All the while teasing John with his fingers and palm.
John got up and gestured to Sherlock to take his seat. He then leaned over, typed in a command and the screen filled with a list. He selected one item and a slow deliberate piano composition started to play.
It had been obvious.
"I am not an adolescent, John."
The touch.
“Hm… yes?”
"You were right. I was married, once. Didn't work out."
John loved the rare snow storms and this one was building up to be a right bastard. Gale force winds and heavy snowfall announced in public warnings, preparations in the nearby village, calls from old friends checking up on each other. And there was Mike, posing proudly in front of his snow plough equipped tractor for the local paper. This time he may actually get a chance to use it.
Deep, slow breaths. Turning partially back towards John.
Watching John disarm their culprit with three swift, unhesitating, formidable moves had been breathtaking.
'I am guessing you own the Hungarian goose down, 9 tog? - SH'
John just nodded, small sounds escaping his lips. he was too far gone, his most outrageous dream come to life. In moments he had his trousers and pants down to his ankles and almost choked as Sherlock enveloped his erection with a sure grip and started to slide his fingers at a quick pace. All he could do was hold on as tension coiled deep in him and watch as he orgasmed in a gush, his breathing stuttering to a halt.
"Right. Thank you for the gifts, Sherlock. They are thoughtful and I do appreciate them." He brought the teacup up to his lips cradling it in both hands. It was still too hot to drink. And it was surely the most fragrant cup of tea he'd ever encountered. Delicate, seductive even. He blew on the surface of the drink. "It's just that the last time you were here I noticed you had been neglecting yourself. Seriously neglecting yourself. And your flat seemed... And now you've sold it and are speaking of retirement." He sipped. It was an incredible tea. "And the whole afternoon you've spoken of the 'tedium' of negotiating with the university around the archive, but not of a position there, or a pension. Are you... I apologise for being so forward, but is this plan feasible, financially? Selling your home, buying a bloody extravagant vehicle, setting off out of London where you've lived for most of your life... Is there a plan at all?" He sipped more tea. It was sensational. "How long were you planning to room at the cat shelter?"
"I've been thinking of getting a tattoo, a full arm sleeve."
Sherlock's two leather suitcases were still by the door but the violin case had been carefully set on the chest of drawers and opened to let the instrument 'acclimate a little'. He'd fussed with it as John had served dinner, but now it was forgotten. John wondered if it was appropriate to ask him about it. He was curious if the man really played.
The talk.
A deep breath to steady his voice. "I may have wrongly assumed you'd find it... provocative, enticing."
A text from Lestrade: "Piss off."
He proceeded to thread the long black ribbons through long-unused rings on the bed frame. First the ankles, not too far apart, no need today. John's breathing picked up. Then wrists, arms positioned to the sides and not towards the headboard as he yet did not know the extent of the flexibility of the injured shoulder.
Sherlock blacked out.
Frustrated with the unresolved query, he kicked off his shoes to the corner of the room and ran his hands through the already messy curls.
"Hello." John said.
John had to leave as more people were waiting. Sherlock gave him a small wave then returned to the crowd.
He closed the door noticing how at ease John was entering his home, setting his helmet and gloves on a side table, unzipping his jacket and turning to seek permission to climb the stairs to Sherlock's rooms.
Sherlock tested his hand and winced at the pain.
"Right."
The restaurant was a thought through choice. The starched linen napkins, the crystal glassware - a setting that spoke of: long term, dedication, certainty.
"I... I apologize." He barely managed looking at the floor. For the longest moment there was only the noise of the room and the almost painful touch of that strong hand. He swallowed suppressing a wave of pleasure at the brief pain.
"Sherlock, you're not making any sense. Please, tell me what happened."
Sherlock was breathless, loudly panting, desperate for release.
Commenting on the previous chapter
"A man should enjoy the pleasure of fragrant flowers." A hand on his waist.
The wicked smile that faced him was at once sensual and something to be concerned about. "Oh John, I promise you I will never share you." He set his tea cup down. "This is a short list, but it's a start. We can discuss details ahead of time each time we meet."
He closed his eyes and allowed the noise to envelop him.
No, not his chest. The ugly miserable scars there. Impossible.
And the room tilted. Sherlock now held John's hand to steady himself. Surely, he'd correct the doctor...
He felt his eyes close as another kiss sucked into his open mouth, another finger pushed in.
No, not a direct reply.
Smitten, indeed.
He managed a couple of hours of sleep, once waking with a distinct feeling Sherlock was in the room.
“I do wish I could see you now, John.”
He had never anticipated meeting a man who’d come to mean so much to him in so little time. Who made him feel confident, cared for. Owned.
He opened the door wide and boldly walked outside to check the bench.
He giggled and adjusted his glasses. Adorable, truly. "Oh, they were clear on the matter. With the exception of the one sartorial suggestion of 'only the tie and nothing else'. I doubt the taxi driver would appreciate that."
He continued alternating one or two spheres of ice over the skin his hand had warmed as melted water slowly trickled down the sensitive inside of John's thighs, with several smacks.
Oh, John.
Well, it was unlikely he'd grow a bushy beard or gain five stone in a fortnight.
One key piece of evidence recovered, a bloodied knife, but the Effra had taken the suspect’s blood-stained clothes downstream towards the Thames and that was perhaps a loss.
The world around them had long disappeared and his consciousness was focused on  the man that held him, the man he'd conceded himself to fully. He melted into a long deep kiss with absolute reverence.
Getting off the train at King's Cross John walked under the station's massive dome among the crowd. A bit different from his day, but just as busy. He had planned to walk to stretch his legs after several hours sitting on the train but it was pouring rain so, backpack and no umbrella, he opted for the tube.
John blushed a deep red. "Oh, no, I am the one who should apologize. I am... inexperienced in these things. My behaviour was immature." He shifted in his seat and spoke quietly although still with that beautiful shy smile. "Both in the way I demanded your attention and the way I left without explanation. I... I admit I panicked."
A note about the mentioned public art - Angela Conner’s “Eclipse” is located on Economist Plaza, Quentin Newark’s sundial with a quote from Shakespeare’s “Henry V” (yeah, the same play that gave us "The game's afoot.") is at Old Palace Yard, behind the Parliament. In London, of course.
They sat close together drinking tea and soon Sherlock was curled up against John, his head on John's shoulder.
"Have I mentioned my anger management issues? One more facet of my wonderful personality." He laughed a bit nervously.
"I'd very much like to acquaint myself with your technique."
Sherlock opened his eyes to John kneeling in front of him, one hand on his wrist, taking his pulse, the other just having smacked him lightly on the right cheek. He hadn’t really felt it but sensed the residua of the impact.
“Wow.” John stared back at the menu with a crease between his eyes.
Lunch with the French led to him missing the first afternoon session but the long meeting opened up a possibility for a joint research funding application. Then two sessions, one just ok, the other dreadfully uninteresting.
"You are so beautiful Sherlock, so fucking sexy." And the man yelled, pushing his long finger fully and almost painfully into John, pumping as thick streams of semen covered his fist and chest. His whole body spasmed strongly almost unseating John.
No, one glove. He picked up the one glove. It was damp. But that could have been the rain. He did not want to think about what might have happened to the other glove as he distinctly remembered returning both to the porch after working in the small garden the day before.
The expected drop in adrenaline. He'd taken a long hot shower to ease the sense of sleep into his aching muscles.
"Yes, understood."
"Nothing wrong with that. Leather, tattoos, all that."
Deep slow breaths.
The concern was clear on the man’s face. Did he think anyone else could have upstaged him…
The tiresome waiter chose that moment in particular to reappear with the dessert menu. He was sent away with a cutting remark and a dismissive expression John truly hoped he never had to face.
He then poured two glasses of red wine from a heavy decanter and brought a plate of food from the fridge as John watched unabashedly. He was allowed. His breath stuttered again.
Sherlock had been wrong on these matters before, and John appeared relaxed, hand reaching onto the back of his neck, a favorite spot. "Perhaps my technique is off..."
John groaned dropping his glasses onto the floor. "A slight..."
John closed his eyes for a moment at the request and nodded. This, he'd fantasized about this. His cock twitched a couple of times as he imagined the grueling day ahead of him. He was already so close, just a few jerks of a hand could... "Yes, the full day."
Sherlock, impossibly, felt the floor sway under his feet.
Unsure of how to start John made an obvious comment. "You changed." He gestured at the suit jacket, gray shirt and dark jeans. Which looked fine, and helped push the lingering phantasy of slowly unwrapping Sherlock out of his white tie to the back of his mind.
In fact, neither a living one. The man was missing.
“Now, I’m taking your temperature and then you’re having a long drink of water and some ibuprofen.” He sighed. “The snow under the window was actually a good idea to cool down the burnt skin. Still, I’ll look into the bath for an ointment. Any dizziness?”
Love bites.
"I took the day off. No work, no plans."
He hadn't taken the book with him. A conference. People frequently used conferences as opportunity for affairs. He returned the book to the coffee table.
“But…”
"Of sorts."
"How in hell could you know...?" John stood up. "Who are you?"
John nodded and set to it. Usually he'd only do the shortest dedication and sign, but with Sherlock standing in front of him he put away the marker and took out his own pen.
"Come and kneel for me, John."
"You may answer."
John squirmed, breathing hard. "We... I can't do this here." He pointed to the shop's window. "My face is on the fucking poster."
"What?"
And John laughed again. The ridiculous, amazing, unbelievable man.
"I have your permission?"
Another kiss.
After a slight disagreement over overzealous teeth hygiene, finally wrapped in John’s duvet, wrapped in John's arms. The compact body slotted perfectly against his. Skin against skin, pyjamas having not made a reappearance since they first hit the bedroom floor. As always, Sherlock took a moment to smell, taste, collect the evening’s batch of data.
Dr. Holmes smiled appreciatively and brought the fingers to his own mouth to taste. Long fingers.
He pulled back. He needed to calm down and continue their evening properly, as he'd prepared.
"Gorgeous, you truly are."
Oh. He imagined one of these long pale fingers pushing in. "Y... yes."
John burst out in loud laughter. And watching Sherlock's socks matched to plaid stripes, composed posture and the way he gingerly held the plate of biscuits as if dining with royalty, John had to set his teacup down afraid he'd drop it in his hysterics.
"It was empty. The archive was relocated."
"No, not really a sequel. But it is set in the same city, a trilogy of sorts..."
What could he say? Or ask?
On a bright and blisteringly hot June day like this one memories of foggy mornings seemed distant and surreal.
Breakfast was slow and lazy, conversation much easier, reaching for the toast an opportunity to graze a thigh or hip.
“I… this seemed a place with a wine list?” John looked up over his shoulder and was met with an insistent gaze. Oh, please.
Soon they were settled on the sofa with the wine and food on the table in front of them. Small gestures and touches to help him settle and he suddenly felt so wanted.
"It is."
"Yeah," John shrugged, still smiling, "I did." He took in the room. It had been a great room once, he supposed, ornamented rugs and elaborate wallpaper, bookshelves of mementos and a mirror above the fireplace mantel. Now, wallpaper peeling in places, the rug with burn marks, and an incredible amount of stacked papers, debris and just plain dust on every surface, it was derelict. And Sherlock, looking better than he expected, standing barefoot in the middle of it all.
Sherlock looked over his shoulder down the carpeted sitting room, pale grey wool all the way to a polished fireplace grate. “Your husband does all the cleaning?”
Sherlock turned to look at him and John was heartbroken to see how much pain he was in.
It was distinct, a scent impossible to ignore, unmistakable.
Worshiped.
And now he was in for an hour's wait for the bus, then the half a mile on foot to a freezing house that would take hours to heat up. He'd insisted on returning home today. Out of what misplaced sentiment he still couldn't tell.
Sherlock grinned. "Yes, John."
"I prefer to text, John."
Damp and naked he was positioned to kneel in the bedroom as Dr. Holmes dressed methodically in front of his open wardrobe. Gray pants were pulled over the curve of his buttocks as he adjusted his cock under the clinging fabric. John took steady breaths, his fingers digging into his thighs. Then darker charcoal trousers, the front creases straight and neat, the fine wool fabric outlining the muscle underneath. A white shirt, tucked in, cuffs buttoned.
"Oh, that's two of us."
Eager to see Mike out, Sherlock, boots on already, stood by the door buttoning his great coat. "John, the hives, it'll be too dark soon?"
"You've heard me play, in concert?" He was all eager, actually sitting up straighter in his chair.
John walked over to the man, sure and steady steps, set one hand on his elbow, and stretched up to place a light peck on his cheek, "Welcome back."
He left the now much less interesting actor with a fawning Lestrade and walked the whole house alone picking up small details as he went.
John had pulled up a kitchen chair close to the fire and the wool-swaddled man in his armchair. They sipped their second cup of tea quietly and he watched the pinkening cheeks and two large hands holding the teacup that now shook significantly less. Skin pale, and not only from the cold, knuckles dry and cracked to scabs, two broken fingernails. He'd helped him pull on a pair of thick wool socks and noticed a badly bruised shin. This was a person who did not take care of himself and clearly had no one to check up on him. Mid to late fifties, he guessed, but unkempt to a point John thought early onset dementia might be an issue. Stranded in inadequate clothes and shoes in this weather...
But first he checked his phone. And smiled.
"Please, come in." Dr. Holmes gestured up the staircase with one elegant hand. "I am upstairs." And stood aside to let him pass. John walked up, steady steps, determined. And fucking thrilled.
"But, you spoke of getting a tattoo yourself? As part of a lifestyle?"
The buck pulled back slightly and looking puzzled ran a finger over one sliding teardrop. Small grunts.
"Of course." He relaxed a bit, leaned back slightly into the armchair.
John's throat felt dry. Fuck he looked breathtaking. "No, no, it's fine. I do mostly listen to classical lately. A late start, but getting there."
And John stilled and opened his eyes.
"No, John, you misunderstand." Sherlock sighed. "There are the family funds I've never accessed. Until now."
"Oh, yeah, the Scriabin groupies are the best at blowjobs." John felt him tense up. "Fuck." Sherlock pushed himself out of John's arms and sat up straight. "I don't..."
Sherlock laughed nervously. "Three spoons of sugar?"
“Ah…ah, yes, please…”
"And you? Will you work there, at the university?"
John quickly shifted the bags to one hand, fished out his key, unlocked the entry door and set the bags inside. He then knelt on one knee next to Sherlock and touched one of his shoulders.
He was rewarded with a blush and several shivers. Perfect.
He startled noticing the water was ice cold. That meant he'd lost track of time and had been under the spray, pressure accounted for, for over twelve minutes.
Cases were priority. Arguments were no more or less frequent. Pathogen samples still had to be labeled and stored away from the edibles.
"And?"
'The concierge has been of assistance. I've had a brief consultation with a doctor, not one as observant as you are, and am to take antibiotics and soup. Their tea is to be recommended. - SH’
“Desperate.”
"Ice play? With anal penetration?"
'John, the caps lock is on. My estimate is a two year marriage in your late thirties, no offspring.' - SH
"Problem?"
He striped off his pyjamas displaying his own eager erection.
'Dr. Holmes, would you accept an invitation for coffee? - John'
Nine. Also the incredible number of hours of sleep he had last night. Until waking to the sound of the kettle boiling and switching off downstairs, the sound of a teaspoon against the side of the saucer, three stirs, as was the man's habit.
“Hm?”
"Yes, yes, please, Sherlock."
"Do you have money for a hotel room, until the heating is settled?" This was worrying. "Sherlock, I wouldn't mind... paying for a room for you..."
He heard the rustle of silk and felt another shiver.
John giggled. "Are we seriously going to have dinner first?"
Held. Cared for.
Once they were snugly settled on the sofa under a blanket, beers in hand, Sherlock felt some of the disquiet return. He leaned more into John's side.
Complete understanding, conviction.
Sherlock approached to stand near him. "Please, take a seat. I'll take your jacket."
The subsequent visit to the British Museum meant a tour by one of its curators of the horological collections, a woman thrilled to see Sherlock again as he'd consulted there on several occasions. The behind the scenes look left John speechless. But that wasn't an issue as Sherlock bantered at length with the curator on the topic of the perpetual mechanical Gregorian computus.
Soon, soon now. He tried not to rush up the stairs imagining all the things Dr. Holmes may have planned for him. Restraints? Pain?
They looked at each other for a few moments, clear affection and joy.
The buck stood on the path leading through the garden, the fingers of one hand playing with a long twig.
With some difficulty and support from sure hands he was helped up. Another passionate kiss. He suppressed a small moan.
He couldn't reconcile pleasant memories of past events together with his fear.
"Tea?"
"H-Hullo?"
“My… physique. She left. After a mortifying dressing-down. Yeah… I was still somewhat weak after my accident, my shoulder was a mess, and she had her sights on suspension… Gave up that website…” That was three years ago.
"I'd like to undress you. Come sit next to me on the bed."
Two months and no sign of the buck.
Sherlock took a photo of his half-finished plate, angling the phone to get the tea cup partially in, giggling.
“Not a fan of the London sewerage system, no.”
As John got up to climb to his room, Sherlock simply followed.
He then proceeded to stare at the screen for almost ten minutes while sipping his now lukewarm tea. He was not taking a fucking selfie, not even for bloody Sherlock Holmes. Trembling. Fuck.
"My place?"
"Yes, yes, drinking an ale. Wilder and all that?"
'dizzy giddy dizzy giddy dizzy giddy' With a gif of a small dog chasing its tail.
And daring, gorgeous John pushed for more.
"Yes." John closed his eyes with a small sigh.
He couldn’t keep his twitching legs still in the cab. And the drive was taking at least 27% longer than typical for the route, a horrid ice rain and some or other popular event affecting the traffic in the area. Was it a bank holiday? The cabbie was clearly a fan whose gaze kept jumping to the rearview mirror. The man grinned like an idiot. It was the damn hat. He looked down at his phone but there were no updates from John. He really hoped there was at least a dead body at the end of the tedious ride, dreadful day, hateful week.
"Hold still, please."
"Oh, and I got the Scriabin down. You'll love it." Sherlock blurted out and promptly got up, so John did too panicked that he was about to leave.
“No, I should have given you a warning. My… history…”
Taking a moment to calm himself he rolled his shoulders back and knocked on the door.
"John!"
And John blushed. "Yes, I'd like that."
John took his hand and squeezed it. “You alright?”
“I’ll keep that in mind.” Still, John smiled beautifully.
Careful not to disturb his bedmate, Sherlock quickly sent three messages to Lestrade detailing his deductions. Two more than was strictly necessary but he needed to prevent any follow up questions. For perhaps the first time since he owned a mobile phone he wished it kept silent until morning.
'At your convenience. - SH'
Oh, bloody hell. He pressed the call button and closed his strained eyes.
His lips pressed into the fabric covered cock and he felt like begging. To be allowed to please, to pleasure, to be used...
I would like to offer my most sincere apologies for my inappropriate behaviour. I feel the utmost respect for you and deeply regret any action that might have caused you distress.
He felt John's body relax under his touch but still did not move for long minutes.
Go on, I can hear you are so very close, go on.”
"A dipper, John, if you have one. Or a spoon will do." He held up the glass pot against the modest morning light as John watched. "Hm, light in colour," he smelled it, "with a delicate floral bouquet... clover?" John nodded. "Is it local?"
"Well, you prefer to text."
Sherlock was already waiting, his phone in his hands, when John arrived. He had finally chosen a pub with casual picnic table seating on its roof, a great idea considering it was still almost uncomfortably hot at eight in the evening.
My beautiful boy. I am keeping you.
"It was the BBC programme. I heard you then. It made an impression I guess. I listened to some things after that, started playing it as I wrote."
They entered the bedroom, the bed already prepared. A hand slid to support his lower back and steady him as he took in the room, then Dr. Holmes moved to sit on the bed.
Just as he exited the supermarket a clap of thunder shook the city. A summer storm was beginning.
And John closed his eyes. He wanted.
"Not according to plan, no." He mumbled into John's skin.
John brought him in for a soft kiss. "Never mind. We'll deal with it. It was a stressful week."
"... and his military experience! The man had a gun, Sherlock!"
John made more toast and opened the honey pot, Sherlock's gaze immediately drawn to it and after a beat his hand extending to grab it.
Sherlock carefully mixed the flour with his finger tips.
A part time position. Why not a full time one? Well, if he spent most of his time polishing mantels and pairing wine to homecooked dinners, no wonder. And a job in service of the community. Library. But almost no books to be found in the pristine house. Leather-bound screenplays, one or two bookcases of classics and more contemporary hardbacks, but no read books, and no used notebooks or papers of any kind. Several framed photographs of the actor, presumably in some of his more prominent roles and public appearances but only two smaller photos of the two of them together, both formal wedding photographs. And besides a modest and quite conservative wardrobe not much else that spoke of the quiet, ‘houseproud’, and clearly loyal man.
“Get up here you! I could accidentally kick your teeth out!”
He looked surprised. "Of course, whenever you want."
An accident. An inexperienced delivery driver.
"Better than in a long while."
"Please... please..."
Berries slowly replaced apples at breakfast and he was often too lazy to deal with the stove and would brew his tea and infusions in the sun. Sweetened with the excellent honeydew honey he'd get from an apiarist at the town's monthly market.
"I... Where?" There was a trembling hand on his ankle.
“I’m sorry. I overreacted.”
The cabin had grown dark as the fire died down and only their steady breathing was heard.
I’ve kicked up the rating to ‘Explicit’, to be on the safe side. Nothing this fic hasn’t explored already, but perhaps in more explicit detail in this chapter… You’ve been warned.
Well, into the fray Watson...
"Who's Donovan?"
Small breaths that stuttered as the brush reached more sensitive areas causing him to shift his limbs. Oh. The pull of the restraints. Fuck.
Sherlock reached out and slid two long fingers up John's thigh. "John..."
Right. Sleep.
John walked in and was stunned. The place looked like a bomb exploded. Papers, books and torn sheets of music all over the floor. One full shelf of things knocked down. Several plates on the floor by the piano with an unimaginable number of cigarette butts spilling out onto the carpet.
Touched, held down, filled. "Yes."
"You're doing so well." He whispered and John sighed softly.
Soft puttering about the kitchen, shuffling of teaspoons in the drawer, the creak of the refrigerator door opening. A calm, ordinary Sunday afternoon at the end of a week of no cases, no deductions, no running about the city or snippy exchanges with his brother.
As was groping at crime scenes - there'd been a stern lecture by Lestrade on propriety and respecting the victims of crime. It had only been a case of securities fraud, no decomposing body in sight, but John had been pretty miffed getting caught with Sherlock's hand down the front of his jeans.
“Smitten?” Sherlock felt lightheaded, he couldn’t help smiling against the warm skin of John’s cheek.
Another agitated shift. What was John so reluctant to ask for?
John groaned, his whole body trembling. He took the hand away.
He bit one more time on the soft inside thigh.
Sherlock had yet to wrap his lips around that word but for a while now John had been using it with an ease only he carried about him. No pomp, no declarations, it was just there. Scattered about their days like the cups around the flat.
Sherlock nodded, looking very sheepish. "I know."
"You're ill?"
This time when he helped John take off his jacket he made sure he stood just a tad too close, leaned down a bit, ran the tips of his fingers very briefly over the edges of the jacket, over John's exposed neck and wrists.
The world disappeared.
"Harder, please, harder."
He had positioned him to recline comfortably on the pillows, arms spread to the sides, knees slightly apart.
Dr. Holmes asked if he was happy with the fish and he confirmed it was exceptionally good. A second bottle of wine was ordered and John realised he’d been doing most of the talking.
"I must look ridiculous." He was weirdly comfortable with the situation, even if blushing slightly.
"Is something wrong with my mouth?" John asked. He'd stared too long but there were no marks besides the evidence of John's habitual lip licking. "Heard you solved a murder while I was gone, a torrid love affair between coworkers, was it? Yeah, I've had a great time too, an update on meningococcal meningitis and other vaccinations available for overseas travelers, thanks for asking." John's feet on the stairs, bag on edge of mattress, a drawer opening.
"Trousers also need to go, sorry, they're wet, too."
He got up early and canceled all his plans for the day by email, shut off his mobile. Then took a long time in the shower making sure he was meticulously clean, shaved and brushed his teeth.
John missed him. Painfully so. The unexpected intensity, the unknown, the extraordinary pleasure of their few encounters.
As always, Sherlock was acutely aware of every point of touch with John’s body. One of his ankles resting against Sherlock’s bare foot.
"I find I always sleep well with you. And waking up to find you in my bed and at my disposal is something I enjoy immensely John." He felt a hand squeeze his buttocks, which caused his hard prick to rub against the dampened fabric.
The dream...
And the man smiled back. Beautiful.
"John?" A rough voice, then a bad cough.
"It happens." He pointed at Sherlock's plate with his fork. "Eat a bit more. I assume you skipped lunch."
“And we have plans to meet for dinner Friday. Has something come up and you need to cancel?”
'I did say urgent, John. - SH'
The flat was small and cramped with shelves of books, vinyl records, CDs and piles of sheet music. Everything neatly stacked. The sitting room held one sofa and one very polished upright piano.
Of course, not all of his established routines fell away as easily.
He hungrily licked, sucked and swallowed wanting to truly make this perfect, to really be good for Dr. Holmes. The taste, the hotness of the silky skin on his tongue.
"John..." The voice was unsure but another finger joined the two.
John leaned back to look at him brushing his cheek with a thumb. "Hm, starving. Only managed a sandwich at lunch."
"I will take care of you."
How lucky was he?
John longed to get up fully, to get closer but was terrified the buck would run.
“Tea?”
Sherlock scoffed. "You saved my life. And we are now discussing the price of a bottle of olive oil?"
Those eyes never left his face. He was overwhelmed with the unwavering attention and watched as the shirt was pulled open.
"Oh, man, the sales person, discussing lubricant stains and right kinds of detergent, I was dying!"
"Are you uncomfortable?"
“Donovan wasn’t even there and you kept yelling at her to ‘make up her bloody mind and stop wasting their lives’, what was that about?!” John spoke quietly enough not to alarm the driver but with a distinct hiss of tension in his voice. “And where are we going now? There have been no fresh reports of blood or notes or anything? Or have you solved it and are keeping it to yourself?”
"Yes, the concierge of the establishment where I recuperated recently. Do keep up, John."
"It hasn't been simple, or uneventful. There were some extraordinary cases, people. No one of note, though. Besides the odd serial murderer who got too cocky and presented a good chase. None of them proposed marriage, though."
And John smiled again. "Oh, did I wake you, with my thinking?"
“No crime? But you went through the trouble of identifying the plant, the garden it came from, the woman who had accidentally dropped it near a sculpture?”
His libido was determined to kick him into action.
Fervent. John carefully placed both hands on the tiled wall and let the hot water sluice down his back. He’d spent most of the day trying to calm his nerves, calm the intensity of desire, of feelings he was afraid to acknowledge out loud.
He crawled up until he was straddling him and leaned in for another fervent kiss. One of Sherlock's hands grabbed the back of his neck and the other immediately slid down to John's bottom to knead the muscle. With a smirk John allowed himself to be pulled tight to Sherlock's chest.
"Keep your head there for me."
There was a choked cough behind him. So, no longer sleeping. John smiled into the pillow and pumped his slippery fingers in an obscenely slow tempo.
The day didn't start out well. And it only got progressively worse.
On his back, eyes closed and mouth open, cheeks blushed red and wet with tears, raspy breaths, hands helpless by his sides, and his exquisite hard cock twitching against his stomach.
"You walked?!"
The letter was to be delivered today. After a change in weather it was a clear and crisp morning. Quite the opposite of what Sherlock's sleepless night had been.
"Tell me if it's rude to ask this. I was just wondering, about your work."
John was back from a brutal run, leaning over and drinking straight from the kitchen tap, his soaked t-shirt sticking to his back. The city was experiencing an unprecedented heatwave and his quick daily thirty minute run in the park felt like a footrace in the Sahara. He was desperate for a shower.
Sherlock stared.
“And still not allowed to touch.”
"Thank you."
“Yeah, yeah, you’re quite impossible. I still love you though, you know that, right? Hm?”
Confident John was in the REM phase of sleep, he settled closer to his side, fingers searching for soft, worn cotton, ready to sink into a strong, warm chest.
Another ping.
Against his shoulder, the scarred one, John imagines he feels a brush of lips and a shaky exhale.
Oh. "You'd like to come up again?"
The pacing, the missing tablets, the printouts pinned to the wall and the pen out of place. The pinball machines. Whose pen was it?! What were the numbers in the margin of her Sunday paper? Why couldn't he figure this out? Three taxies passed down in the street in quick succession, atypical for the late hour. His stomach made itself known. A cat, somewhere, on a roof. He ignored it, tried to ignore it all. Whose pen?
John looked up. He was not going to blush like an infatuated idiot. "You read it?"
"Did I pass your assessment, doctor?"
"It's two o'clock! You left the Yard seven bloody hours ago!"
And he couldn't stop smiling.
Still, he was beyond nervous. He closed his eyes and cleared his throat, then looked one last time at the mirror smoothing the lapels of his suit. He felt slightly feverish.
'Reply to @SHolmesPianist'
Another brutal pinch and John bit his lip to keep silent.
He didn't respond.
After an embarrassingly long amount of time he finally gathered up enough courage and looked up.
They didn’t get to open the box of condoms that evening. Not with John coming up to investigate the noise, finding Sherlock with his back to the wall and an impressive erection.
Hands ran up and down his back, John’s voice was low and soft. “No, I was thinking of myself. I’m the idiot here.” He sighed but his hands continued the repetitive pattern, climbing up Sherlock’s spine towards his shoulders. “You usually see everything. So I’m thinking… I’m thinking it is bloody obvious how… smitten I am, Sherlock.”
He applied a generous amount gently, barely breaching the brim of the slightly loosened muscle.
Outside, standing next to a mud-splattered Land Rover and taking off what seemed to be leather driving gloves, attired in tweed and tattersall, knee-high polished country boots and wind-blown grey curls, stood Sherlock Holmes, the epitome of what a fashion advert might deem as the 'landed gentry look'. Ridiculous. And breathtakingly gorgeous.
Crisp. Crisp white stationary and crisp concise language.
John pushed him away to bring up his chin and look him in the eyes. He offered a hand towel.
He fell into submission so naturally, not withholding anything, not challenging, nor speaking out of turn.
He allowed himself to doze off, sheltered in a sturdy and fragrant embrace.
"Fantastic." He picked up his pace as large drops of rain started to fall.
John dragged the palm of his right hand across the base of his skull. Steady breaths.
"You've sold your flat?" John was stunned.
After a moment of uncertainty he was unable to suppress, but also strong hope, he added his mobile number at the bottom of the page.
Sherlock looked at him as if discovering an unexpected treasure. "John..."
Still looking at his shoes. "You can..."
“Please.”
“Hardly resting…”
"Calm down, doctor, I am not a villain from one of your paperback spy novels," he nudged his head towards the single bookshelf, "ones you keep next to your old, clearly outdated, medical textbooks. Sentimental?"
“Sherlock?”
There were a few, just a few, moments in his life when John had thought about a relationship with a man. The opportunity had never really come up. And he'd never sought it out. There were a couple of, well, encounters, for lack of a better word, during his military days. Passionate but quick romps with other young men. The brief thrill of it.
“This place?”
A book signing was the least stressful of promotional events. In fact, John enjoyed them. Smiles, brief exchanges, with people who had read some of his work, friends who came for support, shoppers who thought a signed book would make an interesting present, he even had a few fans. It was easy, casual. There were bookmarks that matched the glossy cover and wine gums in a glass bowl. And the book. Another book that took almost a year to finish and now was finally out. He knew it was a good one and was thrilled to share it with the world.
Sherlock shrugged. "Boring. Some stretching exercises, tea, internet, smokes, more sleep, maybe a dinner with a friend, or more internet. Then back to the piano, of course. Every morning, six hours at least, more if I'm feeling anxious about a piece, if I have dates coming up."
"No, no need for you to apologize. You had given me no permission to touch you and yet I did. I am sorry about the misunderstanding, it was not my intention to initiate."
“A good working week?”
And Sherlock had enjoyed their close rapport. Had enjoyed delaying climax.
His voice was rough and low. "You may cum as soon as I do, John."
Now, to check on the stew he had bubbling on the wood-burning stove, the day's preparations in the cold had him yearning for a hot supper and cool ale.
Links to articles ranging from terrestrial sonar to architecture as an art of interrupting shadows, his research for the upcoming chapters.
He sat down in the armchair with his tea just in time to observe his guest stirring. Wild, gray curls, a yawn, an awfully wrinkled shirt.
Sherlock lowered his head and sucked at the skin of one pectoral. John startled and pulled at the restraints. Beautiful.
But this, this was a different thrill all together.
He closed his eyes.
He cleared his throat, "Right, thank you, there was really no need. Thank you."
Long pale fingers lifted the teapot, came into contact with one spoon. Slowly, as if the man was aware of the effect of the attentive touches on John.
They looked at each other. John could not help smiling, and Sherlock followed suit. So he got up and came to stand next to the piano bench. Sherlock half turned, looked up at him and immediately wrapped one arm around the back of his legs.
John was starting to collapse and with one final and certainly painful pinch he took him in his arms and lowered him onto the carpet.
And the aftermath.
He tasted of tea and honey. And as John pushed for a deeper kiss, teeth brushing his lips, he sighed, audibly.
"Oh, no, no." Sherlock left the beer on the floor and sat at the piano, lifting the fallboard to reveal the keys. "It's a special system, silent. Just a press of a button and the hammers go off the strings." He played a little, fingers moving seemingly effortlessly, and all John heard was the press of the keys. "Headphones." He pointed to the pair on top of the piano. "How else would I play at five in the morning when the monsters wake me up." He smiled. "Of course, it still does the real thing."
The man sank slowly, one leg folding after the other, hands on thighs, head down.
"How would that have any effect?"
On Wednesday he received an email from a friend from university he hadn't seen in a while. Bill was in town just for the day and was reaching out to friends to meet for drinks at his hotel that evening. John confirmed immediately.
"Hm." He didn't mind the anomalous scents, because underneath it was John, all sweat, musk, warmth, heartbeat and temper, John Watson.
John had knelt by the bed, nude, hair damp, and attentively watched him dress. Gray pants, darker charcoal trousers, a white shirt. He remained barefoot, a detail that John clearly appreciated.
He could hear crackling of the fire, indecently wet slurps, lusty sniffling. And his own husky whimpers as he sucked and was sucked.
No point in further delaying confirmation. "Two of us. John is adamant about reciprocating." And immediately he realized so was their killer. "Oh, yes, of course! The cleaner who called it in!"
Sherlock had to clear his throat. It was the humidity.
With a touch of embarrassment he reached to soap his rear, blushing as he imagined his own hand, his fingers tracing the rim of the hole, replaced by... anything else. Would it hurt or titillate?
His eyes were wet.
Sherlock felt his cock twitch at the word. Control. He had to proceed very slowly.
“The tube?”
"The hydrangeas and lilacs, they're lovely."
John slid onto his stomach, pulling one pillow under his raised hips. Sherlock was staring with a broken expression, his chest moving far too fast. For a moment John was afraid he'd hyperventilate, but then those sensational hands moved to his hips. He spread his knees even further.
He'd slept a full six hours last night.
Watching John doze off in the taxi on their return he was acutely aware this, case, for a lack of a better word, was out of the frame of his comprehension. But then, John had always been a challenge.
Fist fight, torn shirt and bloodied lip. Some bitter dialogue. Another tea pot long empty. He was ready for a break.
He picked up a shaving brush from the nightstand and repositioned himself between John's open thighs. He started on the outside of his left ankle, slowly brushing up the leg, swirling the soft bristles over the knee, the inside of the thigh. Watching as goosebumps raised curly hairs.
“Solved it, here you go.” He dropped the phone back into John’s lap and made a quick exit towards the kitchen.
John was glued to the glass watching it as it disappeared into the forest. After a while he stepped out to retrieve the jumper. He couldn't resist, he brought it close to his own face and inhaled. A strong musky smell, wilderness and damp moss and spring grasses, but also something strangely fragrant. He took it in and, with one more look to the edge of the forest, went back to his breakfast.
Dr. Holmes moved to sit in the low armchair.
Was is the arousal, the physical need?
Sherlock was openly moaning and shivering. The kiss became messier and John felt small thrusts push up. He opened his knees wider and rubbed his stomach and cock against the milky sweat-damp skin.
'What about a couple of tea towels while you're at it? Perhaps there's a special offer on cat motifs?' He was enjoying this.
On the surface it all seemed fine. It wasn't.
Would John see how big a step this was for him? John usually saw much more than he expected.
"So beautiful for me." He felt warmth spread over his skin. He was beautiful for Dr. Holmes. Oh, how he longed to be beautiful and good for Dr. Holmes.
Small sobs.
He excused himself and returned to his room. His legs were shaking and he sat on the edge of his bed. All right, one chance. He took a shower and redressed in fresh clothes. Just before leaving the room he fetched a couple of condoms and packets of lubricant from the bathroom and pushed them into his jacket pocket. If he was mistaken about Dr. Holmes' nature perhaps there was at least some casual sex in it for the two of them.
Managing to wrestle the too tight leather trousers off in the bath, unlikely he'd ever wear the pair again, Sherlock kicked them towards the sink and stepped into the shower.
"Well... highly unlikely... I'd leave...," the man grumbled, still stuttering slightly, and John laughed and looked at the snow gathering in the windows.
Oh. His excitement was not reciprocated. He needed to sit back and simmer down. "Of course."
He gently held John close to his chest and ran one hand over his back. Denying himself this pleasure for the past six days he'd denied John, too. He'd left him at unease, uncertain about Sherlock's commitment to their relationship, and clearly yearning to be cared for.
John snickered. "It was... cosy."
He looked, really looked at it. The striking antlers, the curious human face and torso, the twitchy deer ears, the thick auburn fur over lower belly and thighs, the hooves. And in its hands John's jumper. It clutched it to its chest and leaned its head sideways as if waiting for John's reaction. He waited and watched. And it brought the jumper to its face and, eyes watching John, rubbed it over one, then the other cheek, under its jaw and over the sparse fur of its chest. Its ears kept quivering. John couldn't take his eyes off it. It meant something but he did not know what. Absentmindedly he brought the apple to his mouth and took a bite. The creature, the buck, made a strange sound, a couple of clicks at the back of its throat, dropped the jumper and ran off.
“Please…”
He had not said anything but was clearly nursing a grievance. Sherlock was at a loss as to what it was, though.
"Well, yes, I guess it has been an... exciting week?"
Sucking and swallowing and rubbing himself against the foot with small jerky movements as Sherlock ejaculated into his mouth and over his lips with grunts of his own, John was soon breaking down into a powerful climax.
He was quick to return and after placing the items on a side table leaned down to check on John, hand on cheek.
His buck.
He'd never felt so... calm. He slept.
“Nope.”
'Dear Dr. Watson,
A brutal pinch and John yelped.
He pulled out his fingers and spread his knees more, tilting his pelvis out.
John felt his heart pound. He couldn't take his eyes off the slender ankle and black leather oxford. He imagined what it would feel like to be allowed to kneel at those feet. Oh, fuck. He closed his eyes for a moment wondering if his semi-erection would be visible to all if he attempted to walk away.
The doorbell rang.
He traced John's lips, smearing them with oil.
His eyes fluttered open and he glimpsed the image for only a fraction of a second. Pale face, dark curls and wild eyes that looked straight at him.
He dragged two fingertips over John's bottom lip... touched the tip of his tongue... and again... heat... he pushed the fingers in... feeling wet, skin, teeth... "John?" ... he felt the tip of the tongue slide between the two fingers, lips wrap around the... John sucked with a filthy moan... Oh... So wet... John's pink lips, John's obscene mouth... open... wet... sucking...
“But, the case…”
“Why wouldn’t it be?” Something was wrong.
John placed a large bowl in the middle of it all and tipped flour into it. Then dry yeast from a smaller jar and a large pinch of salt from the bowl on the table.
And then he remembered John shifting in his chair while reading two days ago. And leaving the book abruptly to make some tea. Half an hour earlier than was his Saturday afternoon custom. Sherlock had noticed but had not given it his full attention.
Sherlock sat next to him on the bed and touched his cheek gently. "I am joking John." Then kissed him slowly and deeply. "The world doesn't get to know how lucky I am, yet. I am keeping the news, and you, all to myself for now. All right?"
“And the biggest accomplishment of my life so far has been waking up to you in my arms.”
"Would you allow me to indulge a little?"
Immediately, a full embrace. Fingers on the back of his neck, pushing into the curls of his hair. Huffs of breath against his temple. The steady sound of John's heartbeat. The familiar smell of his skin, his body, his bed.
They made it to the flat and John positioned Sherlock on the sofa. "Just let me get the bags. A second. Don't move, please." He made calming gestures but Sherlock just sank onto his side against the cushions.
He'd given John five minutes to settle in before he followed, in the low light of the street lamps, silent although John was certainly still awake.
"Come on, bed." He tugged at Sherlock's wrist and he got up to follow. Up the stairs. John's room. John's bed.
John giggled and nuzzled his face against Sherlock’s. “So, you just gave me a very large flower that, in essence, stinks of rotting corpse, putrid fish and faeces.”
And after a series of photos of a Bach chord written by a wrinkled finger on the steamed up mirror tiles, fragments of reflected wet skin, chest and shoulders and neck visible, John was contemplating #timeforawank.
He spoke softly. "John, if you want something to stop you will use the word 'stop'. Is that clear?"
Just a brief reprieve. To settle his thoughts. To help him focus.
"No, just improbable." Sherlock slowly dragged his tongue along John's lips. And then bit, teasingly.
'Yes, thank you again for the wonderful time.'
'I'll be there. Thank you. - John'
“No, it’s perfect, the food, everything. Thank you, really.”
"Are you sure? Please, don't joke about this."
His new work was... different.
John took off his shoes and freshened up in the surprisingly tidy bathroom just as the food arrived.
"I think you are already doing very well deferring your release. Would you try for a longer time, the full day?"
When.
"The usual, piano, no meetings. Why?"
He was pulled up from the floor by strong hands and kissed passionately. John moaned and stretched into the embrace. Finally, finally. He felt expensive wool fabric under his fingers and under it hard muscle. He was grasping, sucking into the most plush lips, breathing in the exquisite combination of expansive soap, tea, man.
Sherlock was terrified of initiating a discussion himself. He flopped down on the sofa to analyze all the pertinent data and decide on further course of action. Perhaps it was a question of letting John know there were many options and he had a choice in any future proceedings…
John smiled, "Well, dementia is off the table."
He closed his eyes and allowed his mind to wander. Listening to the buzz and chirp of crickets and other insects basking in the summer sun John sunk his exhausted muscles into the sofa.
"Incredibly well, yes. You?"
"As I've said, work colleagues are welcome during..."
Sherlock waved one elegant hand dismissively, "Transport. Boring." He quirked an eyebrow in clear provocation. "Now, about your military background..."
He'd spent the previous two nights with his own charts and statistics. The blackmailer had been smart enough to elude his brother, and the rest of the misleadingly-called 'intelligence", so Sherlock took apart his own approach and shifted strategy towards a direct encounter. He'd solved the case. And now he was ready for bedtime.
It was just a matter of time before he got caught. The street light illuminated the room with a low glow.
Sherlock closed his eyes and sighed.
Hands on hips and head shaking he laughed nervously.
He reached to the plate and took an olive, the oil dripping down his fingers.
"John... Good morning."
From the moment they'd met both had stumbled in attempting to articulate their needs. But they were progressing. He smiled as a warm hand burrowed deeper under his shirt.
Now John held his hand during taxi rides. Casually when he was busy with a case, and teasingly, all calloused fingertips circling around joints in what Sherlock was sure was blatant innuendo, after their successes.
John tried to make it to the village once a week, on foot during the better days, back with the local bus line that stopped just half a mile down the road from him. He'd stock up on fresh ingredients to supplement his pantry, and more importantly, see a few of the villagers, drink a pint at the pub and get updated on the local gossip and sports.
“Oh, I’m sure.”
Surprisingly, after the cautious start, Sherlock was happily mixing the forming dough as John added more water, then showed him how to knead the dough ball on the floured surface of the wooden table.
And finally Sherlock sucked that exquisite thick cock into his mouth fully and moaned himself.
At that the man got up and left without looking back.
"So good for me, truly perfect."
But the sounds coming from the kitchen were far more interesting. John was flipping crêpes, while whistling to the music on the radio. There was an unsuccessful flip occasionally, every 4th crêpe on average, followed by a flippant, mild-tempered curse or even a giggle.
And finally, unexpectedly, his cock was enveloped by hot decadence of a mouth moaning vibrations into his flesh.
He set his foot down firmly over John’s under the table, stepping with controlled force. John’s eyes widened.
To risk to be refused?
“Never mind John. Yes, a case, boring, delete it.” And he deleted every single one of the messages and made sure his brother was blocked from sending further ones, although he was aware that wouldn’t last… British government business and all that.
He pulled again. Oh, fuck.
John forgot about the tea. Instead, suspecting Sherlock was eager to start his journey home during daylight, he set about packing a canvas bag with the still warm bread, a piece of local cheese, a bottle of water, and two jars of his own honey wrapped in a clean tea towel. Perhaps a thermos as well...
A video, a close up of Sherlock's hands as he rehearsed.
"I rush to get out of it, usually I get rid of it the moment I'm done. The conservative old twats love it, of course. I think it puts off some the younger audience. Not that I'm a trendsetter or anything. No beat up Converse shoes and crazy hair." Sherlock looked slightly self-conscious for the briefest moment and straightened the front of the jacket. "Well, maybe the hair."
A flicker of lights. A car? Oh, bloody hell. His adrenaline spiked. What idiot would be on these roads in this weather? And now clearly stalled?!
"Oh, nocturnal emissions can happen at any age, it's not just teenage boys. Any time, under the right conditions."
Sherlock nodded with a slight frown.
Forward, and he was so bad at flirting.
Thankfully the lights in the room were very low. "Hm."
Another nod.
Changing his shirt, twice. Cardigan once.
Indeed. “An adequate wine list, yes.” He sat across just as the waiter returned with the menus. One pointed glare and the man retreated with a bow.
"Yes, already working on the next one although it's going slow..."
“And since practically everyone is an idiot, some… curators… more than others, I have the absolute privilege of inviting you to dinner tonight… to ask you for something more permanent.”
"What did I miss, tell me, please?"
And he now had a perfect excuse to buy that fitted Barbour jacket. And finally put that bespoke last to use, he’d had the leather picked out months ago. Now, cashmere was acceptable…
It should have hurt much much more. But John took care. His fingertips barely skimmed the surface of the skin in soft curved motion.
John felt absolutely content and sleepy as Dr. Holmes took him into a gentle embrace.
"Good morning. Sleep well in my bed?"
"It's fine. We all go through mnemonic training. And anyway music is all patterns, motives, phrases that repeat, themes. The bastards that brag about playing 100,000 notes from memory never talk about how they spend hours segmenting it into manageable bits. Still it takes work. Being a concert pianist means endless hours at the piano. Thankfully we have the internet to connect to other humans, ones who actually go outside, see the sun and all that..."
It was becoming incredibly difficult not to touch more, demand more.
Watching John take his pleasure was wonderful.
Yes, yes, fuck yes.
"And questions, reservations?"
They'd had tea and toast, complained about the relentless heatwave.
"Yes." John nodded.
On the wings of all that spring excitement he had finished his second novel which thrilled his editor and promised another contract. But now summer brought a sense of yearning and loss.
"Because, in case..."
They dressed, Sherlock still in borrowed boots, and watched as the village mechanic, a young man eager to help, lifted the hood. John tried to pay attention to the discussion about ignition, battery, fuel pump... but he found it hard to tear his eyes off the tall man beside him. He returned to the house, supposedly to put the kettle on, just in time to hear the car start.
"Aha." John held him tighter. "And your preference?"
"It was perfect."
"It has been a long week. For both of us." His voice was softer than John expected.
"And the work?" John asked.
"You rested? I imagine a concert takes a lot out of you."
He was grinning like a madman and surely the man could tell. "Yes, yes, of course, anytime. The weather has been unseasonably warm..."
"Anyway, you seem discreet with your dates, never posted anything about any of them, not that I can recall. And I have been following you for a while."
Half an apple in hand he walked to the door. Again, with just the glass between them and this time much more sunlight, they stood and watched each other.
All of it was quite arousing but they had time, he was not rushing this.
Sherlock moved the fingers he'd pushed under the edge of John's shirt slightly and whispered. "This is intimate."
The starter arrived, as did the wine.
Yes, always yes.
"Tea? No, no, after a long day in the garden you opt for an ale."
"The... club. Tattoos and all that?" Was John blushing?! "I imagine it was... stimulating..." He cleared his throat, quite flushed, and... Winked?! "We all have a type."
He was only aware of the warm touch, the immediacy of it, its promise.
John was breathing through his open mouth, small breaths that stuttered as the brush reached more sensitive areas.
“John, I am an accomplished man. If I were to retire tonight I’d still have a career most of British academia can only dream of.”
Content. He woke early but did not bother to try sleeping again. Not when he could enjoy John who was settled against his chest, sleeping peacefully. He felt incredibly happy, perfectly content. A full day was ahead of them. And he had several ideas how to spend it.
"Just tea is fine." Sherlock got up, shirt, pants and the ridiculous socks, grabbed his trousers from the clothes airer and started to pull them on. He inspected the jacket.
"Thank you." His low voice was surely lost in the wrinkles of John's worn shirt.
This was perfect.
They'd explored each others bodies and had plenty of orgasms together, even during the past tense week, but he wanted to suggest something new, something he thought Sherlock might badly want.
"John?" His voice was so small.
John sighed openly against the fabric of his trousers, whole body relaxing. Sherlock reached further down to bring up one of John's hands.
Sherlock frowned.
With a small smile, and how John wanted it to speak of affection, the man pulled out a chair for him and John could fucking smell his skin. He quickly sat down aware he was blushing.
"Here, drink a bit."
John sighed and closed his eyes, the memory of long fingers brushing against his skin. They had shaken hands on the platform. Tight smiles. He was a coward and an idiot.
"John, are you alright?"
Strong arms held him tightly, rocking him, as John kissed into his curls.
“Quite good. A new grant’s come in and one of my PhDs has had an article accepted.”
And he'd always spend the night, and leave in the morning after a quick breakfast. The first two nights Sherlock was twitchy and neither of them got any sleep. Then things calmed down to a point where Sherlock was sleeping like a log even as summer morning sun washed over the bedroom.
"Tea?"
John laughed. “You are ridiculous, you know.”
After a few breaths John nodded.
John shivered. He was getting very uncomfortable in the jeans he had chosen.
"Hopefully the book I'm now writing won't disappoint. Going well so far, but you can never tell until it's done. And you, a busy day?"
"John, I'm just saying... it's all fine."
“But no blood, or mysterious flower his time? Why are we here then?”
'Did you get the matching bedding set in the right size?'
They stayed like this for a long while.
A colourful box with the words ’Pleasure Me’ printed on it stood in the middle of the bed, sheets and duvet tightly squared away, the way John always kept it. Sherlock dropped the charger.
He pulled him close for a long, tender kiss, running his hands over John's back in reassurance.
John pulled off his woolen jumper and started to unbutton and push down his trousers as the buck approached. Burying his face in fragrant fur and grasping around the buck's strong furry calves John stretched up to taste, watching as one hand wrapped around the cock to give it a few slow pulls and another reached to touch his jaw and bring him closer.
"I am going to spank you now." His voice was hoarse.
"Any good?" Sherlock stood in front of him, grinning, and pointed to the book.
Although previously pliant and unmoving he would now shift his limbs from time to test the restraints. After all, their purpose was not to hold the more than willing John still, but to anchor him, and excite him.
"See you next week John, and you'll tell me all about the Brazilian fish stew, sounds positively exotic!"
"Go on." Patience.
"When I write I spend a lot of time just thinking, developing the next line of dialogue or situation, staring into nothing. Sometimes it helps that the music is... under my fingertips. The vibration, the energy of it, effort and emotion of the performance. As if I can touch it." He was almost daring enough to say 'touch you'.
He watched as Dr. Holmes approached him and grasped his hand. And unexpectedly kissed him. John moaned into the touch of those demanding lips. Please.
Sherlock quirked an eyebrow at the right moment. And - aha!
John stirred and sighed, but resettled back comfortably into his pillow. Which was good, because Sherlock now had a better view of his slightly open lips.
Sherlock Holmes'
"John. Do come in." That grounding voice.
“I enjoy the cannibalizing motifs of tropicália music. And only three of the four had relevant data, that fourth woman approached me, had to shake her off.”
"What the fuck do you think you're doing?" In a deep but warning tone.
His dreams recently were much more pleasant, full of untamable forests and misty waterfalls, sensual touches and glimpses of auburn fur and antlers.
“John…” He nuzzled against the hairs, at a loss for words.
He craved, lusted, for something else entirely.
“Hm, quick from the surgery. Isn’t the snow interfering with the traffic?” Keep the tone casual. John was not too observant, perhaps if he mentioned tea… Although, now that he was kneeling next to Sherlock’s supine and partially nude body, fingers on his pulse, perhaps he’d notice something was off…
John was making a pained face as he sunk back down into the pillows. "Well, this one didn't go according to plan."
Visibly uncomfortable in his constricting jeans John had been relaxed, smiling, snuggling.
Pinched nipple, scratched skin, pulled chest hair. John was openly moaning, his thick red cock twitching against his stomach. He was a sweating, throaty mess.
Sipping his tea and chewing on some burnt toast, the phone intentionally still far away on his bed, John attempted to read the paper. And failed. He sighed and ran his hands through his hair.
"Oh."
"Perfect timing. I couldn't find the tea."
His eyes opened to see nothing as a searing sensation pierced him.
"This will include meals. And rest. And time you may wish to spend apart."
And suddenly all John could think about was kissing that smile.
Placing the needed ingredients on the table John smiled as Sherlock fidgeted with the cardigan and his sleeves, serious, frowning. "I suppose it is just another experiment in organic chemistry, though, quantities and reactions, temperature and time."
John bristled. His voice was taking on that stark quality that alarmed Sherlock on the rare occasions John felt the need to use it. "My partner is my family. He is not leaving. Get the doctor. Now."
Bites and licks continued. John shifted slightly, perhaps uncomfortable in his tighter jeans.
John giggled softly. "All right. I'm sure I still have some spark in me."
The absolutely beautiful response had Sherlock on the edge of just fucking into that mouth.
They stayed like this for a while. He was touched everywhere, his skin warm under gentle hands. To be touched, owned...
John looked up, expecting perhaps a bird in the nearby bushes.
A whisper. "Tomorrow. Patience, John. You're going to do so well, I know it."
Still with the sole of his shoe firmly planted over John’s foot, Sherlock reached over the table and wrapped his fingers around John’s wrist.
"Impact?"
Just as he entered the kitchen he heard what sounded as a murmur from the porch. The buck, or perhaps a squirrel or rodent? He padded softly in his socks towards the back door avoiding the problematic floorboards.
His breathing had calmed a bit but he was still shivering uncontrollably.
John stammered a bit. "I... I'd had a brief encounter with someone more experienced at university. Very brief. And not since then... well, not successfully anyhow. I've read some things and I suppose I have been looking for an opportunity for some time now."
"I never tasted the sticky toffee puddings we discussed. From the television competition..." Sherlock was starting to look uneasy.
"Let me help." He reached out after hearing a tearing sound. John slowly unraveled the soaked scarf from the briar careful not to touch the antlers and hung it up next to the stove. He then took a piece of apple and leaned back against the sofa.
Sherlock sat on the edge of the bed.
And John kissed his lips, thoroughly, passionately, as if smeared nasal mucus did not offend him in the slightest. His strong arms pulling Sherlock closer. His teeth nipping at lips. Fingers gripping the back of neck with a bit too much pressure, which was perfect. All of it was perfect. He did not deserve it. And still, it was offered without reserve.
And John felt a wave of arousal wash over him. Fuck.
'You were married once, John? I am correct.' - SH
"Your day ok?" John knew, he always knew.
“Very good. Always so very good for me. And I do so enjoy rewarding you.
'seven o'clock quick flat tidy up leads to decision to burn the place down and start fresh'
A pause. "Are you terribly angry with me?"
They both froze for a moment. And then, with a clatter of hooves the creature ran.
He wound up on the tube, squashed between a mob of teens on one side and a rank gentleman that probably needed a physician’s advice. And he was running late! It was… disrespectful, in the least. Oh, fuck.
John, breathing through his mouth, swaying slightly, kept his eyes closed.
There was no way to fucking simmer down, he was just about to fall down to his knees. "Please?"
The pale skin of the buck's cheeks was dark pink with arousal and a distinctive strong scent, at once herbaceous and musky, filled the room.
A 'mild traumatic brain injury'. As if the word 'mild' could be used in the same sentence with the rest of that diagnosis?! Sherlock inhaled a shaky breath and opened his eyes.
"I've never been more still in my life, John." His teeth clattered and this attempt to remain dignified through the stitches had failed miserably.
"Oh, what now?! I'm not..."
They returned to the house, Sherlock continuing with a detailed account of the trail of deductions that led to his solving the case as John banked the fire for the night. He turned around to see the man set neatly folded pyjamas at the foot of the bed and pull the corner of the duvet down, a black leather washbag in hand.
Northfleet Hope terminal, Tilbury.
Sherlock straightened back up, but the hand stayed. John felt its warmth through his shirt, a small stir of arousal surprising him. "So, you just sit down and fill the page? I mean screen? With no aids. Just your mind." Sherlock nodded towards the emptiness of the desk. "In complete silence?"
And they were both laughing like teenagers. Ridiculous. Amazing. Quite improbable.
“John, you are mine. And if I wish to have you in my arms, in my bed, I will.”
“I… I hope I am not disturbing you.”
They were both eager and Sherlock was now beyond fear and certainly long beyond unnecessary tension. He wrapped his hands around John's face.
The response was magnificent. John was twitching, moaning openly, pulling at the ribbons, his cock straining.
Fuck.
After some reluctance the buck took a few pieces of apple and they shared the plate while the rain calmed outside. John looked, really looked at it. So close now. It was beautiful in a way. The piercing eyes, the silky fur, the antlers he now longed to feel under his fingers. And the room was enveloped in a sylvan fragrance. Spring, rain, earth, green, and the distinctive strong musk of the buck.
"Come here." John poured him another cup and stirred in the excessive sugar.
(See the end of the chapter for
He felt ready to give up everything to this man. The need was overwhelmingly strong. He took deep breaths.
This, oh, how he'd missed this. Salty and slightly bitter and fucking perfect. He was licking, swallowing greedily and gasping for air, one hand grasping at a furry buttock, its muscles flexing under John's fingers, the other desperately pulling at his own erection.
Time passed in warm embrace, tender kisses, reassurance. After a while all the noise, all the strain, all went silent and John could only hear a steady heartbeat. He could have stayed like that forever.
It took a moment to understand he was prompted to respond. John shook his head.
"Oh, a separate bedroom?" He laughed. "Ouch!" Sherlock had dug his nails into the soft skin of his inner thigh. He then got up and extinguished the cigarette in an ashtray with a huff of smoke coming from his lips.
"I am never sharing you, never."
They stayed like this for a long while.
He placed his hand over the one that had strayed to his stomach. Suddenly he wasn't sure he'd measure up to this, to Sherlock, his life, his expectations.
"Come in."
He'd woken John with broken inhales and panicked kisses. And still somehow expecting a frustrated sigh and a back turned, Sherlock found himself with a cup of tea and belly rubs.
The man did not move. Very good.
Music, it was only music. No more photos of honey drizzled cakes, broken glasses, steamed up mirrors, crazy grinning selfies, random quotes, strange stuff found on the internet, books or films or shoes.
"It was supposed to be quick two-day case, John, barely a four. I only accepted because London has been so dreadfully boring lately." He looked a bit sheepish. "I may have rushed to the auto rental with insufficient preparation, as it is."
There was some fumbling with the lubricant and he felt gentle fingertips slide down between his buttocks.
And without a second thought John started to pull off his wool jumper. Then pajama bottoms and socks.
His hand had also reached for his phone. Several times already.
He should have...
"John?"
The ribbons done he sat back to watch. It was an arresting sight. The contrast of white sheets, tanned and blushing skin, black silk.
Sherlock fidgeted with the belt of his dressing gown and looked away.
Just like the nape of his head, his inner thigh, his hands, belly, every part of John had a distinct olfactory character Sherlock was determined to know intimately, and frequently.
On the nightstand, neatly lined up, black ribbons, several brushes of different shapes and sizes including a large wooden handle hairbrush. Fuck.
After a couple years of reclusion he'd become set in his ways. He'd even say he felt himself age. But now he was shaken back to a version of himself before the injuries, before his discharge and retirement to the cabin. His libido was again strong and his outlook more optimistic. The nightmares of the war that used to haunt him were rare. He dreamt of moss and crushed flowers, antlers and grunts, his hands deep in thick fragrant curls.
