“Scared?! I am not scared. Fine, no. I see what you’re doing, I’ll show you…” Rhodey said that Tony and Ty used to compete a lot, he was beginning to learn it probably wasn’t just Ty who held all the competitive rights. “
Maybe all they were meant to be was a temporary happiness, maybe they were never meant to be anything more than a one night stand in the woods and a few late nights of deep conversations, prodding at one another’s souls but never to get any further within.
He began shrugging off his jacket, throwing it on the ground by his shoes. Steve began to tense as his small calloused fingers grabbed the hem of his shirt.
“That’s okay. You don’t have to be anything. And whatever you are, or aren’t, I’ll still be your friend. I hope you believe me.”
reasoning went from ‘Who doesn’t want guaranteed validation?’ (Tony) to ‘Fuck yeah Georginos breadsticks are next level’ (Clint) so it was really fair game.
“Um that doesn’t sound much like an apology to me Rogers, now you owe me double. Here, I’ll show you how to do it: I’m sorry I told a hobo your dick doesn’t work, that was not cool, I’m sure it works fine.”
Colours began to infuse into the pages, scribbles around Tonys head like some sort of wreath, or a halo, every single page he turned to, was different, blue, green, his eyes, his mouth, his smile, scratched into the page in pencil over his head over and over again:
He felt that she might be doing the same. Maybe. He couldn’t tell. Everything started to seem less clear, hazier.
He caught a glimpse of the skin below Tony’s chin as he grazed past him, as tentative as the night he first touched him, his body slightly shy around him, unwilling to release the tension in his muscles. The way his dark hair curled behind his ears, all too familiar and all too lovely for him. He walked away and didn’t look back, not that he was expecting him too, leaving Steve to stand there with nothing, only to admire the curls behind his ears.
“There’s not much to say.” His shoulders were too wide for the gap he’d been allowed but neither of them seemed to mind.
But Tony didn’t need to wonder what it meant. Not many people could handle him. He understood, he had heard and felt lies before, and although they’d never quite hurt him like this. He was used to it.
He felt pathetic trying to explain himself, the look Bucky gave him only added to that, that look that says
Sometimes he wished he could go back to simpler times when the only parties he ever went to were late night study sessions with some people from his chem class, who would bring cases full of beer to build morale or something. It was simpler, and quieter, with a lot less drama and a lot less angst that made him think
so captivating and energizing, pulling in everyone in the room and the room around him was a sight he wasn’t used to – nothing before that had made him want to just pull out whatever paper he could find and try and savour every little detail he could manage to fit on the page.
Maybe if Steve had been asked that question more often, he’d be able to think of an appropriate answer. Or at least a good lie that would make him go away.
The constant reminder that he would probably never have the privilege of being touched and admired by Tony Stark again.
Getting back to what he had originally planned on doing before Bucky charged into their dorm and informed Steve they were going out whether he wanted to or not, what he’d begun sketching at his desk no longer inspired him.
“Nat, you were great. All of you were, but, yeah.” Bucky cut in, not meaning to, Natasha replied with a sedated smile, perhaps more focused on the wellbeing of her friend, even if he appeared to be fine.
looked weird, Bucky and the vocalist were approaching him. As much as he wanted to pack away his things, his mother always told him to stand up when a lady was approaching -
“You sure?” Tony bit his lip. He looked so uncertain, and looked up to Steve for reassurance whether he’d admit it or not.
, he thought. But he was fair, and reasonable, most of the time. So he nodded, courteously with some discomfort, irritated as he took a seat on the floor beside Tony, assuming the same position so he didn’t take up the entire sidewalk.
“Hey Tony.” Steve finally got in. He’d told Tony about him and Sharon’s relationship a few times, hopefully there wouldn’t be a problem.
“I’ve never been unsure of anything before. I miss that control, having control over how I feel. It was comforting.”
“You’re so cheesy. Big cheese man.” Tony looked at the floor. He could’ve been blushing. “Why do you even like me?” He asked suddenly, smiling at Steve like he was trying to pass it off as a joke, but it wasn’t.
“Well yeah it’s a little too late to back out now.” Tony said sarcastically, mostly because he was a little absent at the time, sarcasm seemed to be his default at times.
Sexuality was turning out to be a much more confusing prospect than he’d originally thought. Life was definitely easier before, when he was with Sharon. They were the perfect picturesque college couple, the football player and the cheerleader. (Although Sharon did gymnastics and kick boxing and all of the cheerleaders were extremely jealous of her). And it was easy, she was amazing. Maybe Steve was too stubborn for easy, too vigilant, unsatisfied, he wondered why it wasn’t enough. The alternative was so much harder, but he was alive now. Really, alive.
, which freaked him out when he was paying attention but Tony decided to give him a hand job halfway through and so he couldn’t tell you what the rest of the movie was about.
Bucky stopped by Tony’s apartment, he wanted to see the text for himself, the only reason that Tony let him is because he was the only person who wasn’t bringing the pity party along with him, as he felt Steve’s disappearance as much as he did.
Sounds of rustling and bumping began from behind the door, causing everyone to fall out, sharing concerned looks - as though they had any right to it, all looking guilty above anything.
“It’s freezing. But. That doesn’t matter…” He glanced behind him, and then at himself. “How about I just fight you instead?”
“Do you ever get nervous?” Steve leant over to ask, and Tony almost jumped, not in surprise, rather, offense.
He was nervous, shaking, actually. He should’ve prepared something to say but that would’ve been too much. But now he was worried Tony would come upstairs and find a shaking and curled up Steve, sweating through his shirt and bawling his eyes out.
“Ah, I see. The giving fan. Tell you what, I’ll give em to her for you. I’m sure she’ll appreciate it.” He gestured to Steves hand, and without thinking he passed them to Tony.
When Tony had done his best to so casually try and brush it to the side, he realised it must’ve been because he assumed Steve didn’t have feelings for him.
“Ugh. Drop the protective hero act for a moment Steve. I’m not here to see Tony. I wanted to talk to you.” Ty had changed, he looked older, less boyish and daring like he had the last time Steve saw him, his eyes were darker, his clothes weren’t ironed and pristine as they always were. Steve just cursed internally.
So as the band played, and Steve blurred out the shouting/singing, occasionally glancing through the bodies to find Bucky, who must’ve bumped into someone he knew it was feeling friendly, since he’d started dancing/jumping with a brunette around his height - Steve (roughly) sketched Tony, and the rest of the band, obviously, and the bar, and the people, not just a stranger, that would be weird.
“I’ll let you two love birds have some privacy.” A rather scattered Tony interjected as he slipped between them, and stepping out of their quaint shared bedroom.
Steve came with Tony to set up before their gig that night, no one seemed to ask any questions. The band was performing at Sharky’s again, so Steve caught up with his co-worker, the girl with the coloured hair (Her name was Alice), catching glimpses of Tony on the drums and talking with his friends, grinning so big they all looked at each other wondering what was wrong with him.
either. As much as it pained him to have that conscious reminder that he had no right to interfere with or comment on Tonys relationship - no matter how much he wanted to, the times he’d seen them quietly bickering, how Ty handled him like he was a toy and now, this.
“I know.” He threw a smile back at Steve over his shoulder, one that he knew would never fail to pull him in. And then there he was, just as expected, following him. He followed quietly, up the spiral stairwell, the music and the laughter becoming a distant thump, with each floor getting a good idea as to what the neighbours could hear, and if they were used to it.
He knew Tony that had connections with rich socialites in New York but spent most weekends playing with the band in bars and clubs close to college, and he wore eyeshadow and screamed into a microphone behind Natasha about blood and sex. And he knew his preppy boyfriend who had a weird and dark aura who didn’t fit him at all, he knew that well enough, right? Or maybe it wasn’t his place at all.
They had a plan, it was 1:25pm by the time they made it to Steve’s apartment, Tony sprawled across his bed as he packed, talking endlessly. They needed enough time to make it to the bus station, and for Tony to say goodbye to Rhodey in person. He texted everyone else, but Rhodey wouldn’t have it. Steve knew he’d see Bucky in the apartment, who sat on his bed with a grumpy look on his face.
As they got closer, Bucky didn’t need to stand on his toes to see the band, Steve didn’t need to or want to anyway - but curiously glanced over the heads to see the band members.
“You know, when I asked Tony why he was with him, he told me about how he bumped into him on a bad night and that they had this history but… I still don’t understand.”
Steve’s voice was cold as he spoke. “Your sick obsession with Tony should’ve ended when he threw you out of your own apartment Ty. I thought you were supposed to be the big hot shot, aren’t you the heir to a company? And here you are arguing the rub with me. You need help, Ty. Not Tony.”
Perhaps his expression was showing clear disapproval, because the stranger quickly said his last goodbyes to Ty and began walking away, giving Steve a brief head nod as he passed him.
Before he even realised himself, he was folding clothes with a rhythm in his step like he was on his own personal stage. Hanging up shirts as he mouthed the words with a swing in his hips.
“What? Why would you ask me that?” Tony blinked, tugging on the collar of his bleached Led Zeppelin t shirt.
Tony made an err like a broken computer and just ran away from Steve and to his drum kit like a hamster burrowing in its nest. Steve suddenly felt very aware of himself.
He sat in the back and drew courtroom style portraits of his overly enthusiastic drama teacher with her white lady dreads and entirely purple wardrobe, she was kind and said ‘Yowzers!’ a lot like it was a thing.
Tony stared back at him for a moment before his head fell, biting his lip. “Yeah, I can tell.” Then he smiled back at Steve and it made his stomach do weird things. “Because you say things like ‘I’m not very punk rock’.”
“As personal as you wanna get.” He dragged out the words on his tongue, and Steve felt his chest tighten. Steve nodded, forgetting his head was against Tonys for a second and causing his to move up and down at the same time.
“What about me?!” He snapped, turning away with a usual point of stubbornness. He wouldn’t let Steve see all of his face, as if that was revealing too much on its own.
“And what did Steve think of your little spectacle?” Natasha smiled from the opposite couch; Steve took note of the fact that she was sat next to Bucky. And that her and Tony had since resolved their little ‘tiff’.
“I get it. She… was upset. I don’t think she knew how to handle her feelings. And I know what that’s like.”
or something like that, that probably didn’t apply but, how could he not? It was so hard not too. “You know pretzels were invented by a monk? So it’s basically a spiritual snack.”
It was very swampy up close, bubbling like it was something he definitely shouldn’t put in his body.
“My love. Come here.” Opening his arms, pulling his hand away from Steves, like a flinch, like he’d been shocked all of a sudden.
Tony wasn’t convinced, interrogative eyes staring up at him and his mouth ruched to one side. He peered at the closed door beside him, kneeling down to observe something on the door itself. He wrapped his hand around the gold doorknob, Steve trying not to visibly cringe as he casually twisted it and pulled it towards him. Revealing an unlocked door and an empty bathroom.
Tony had already torn down too many walls for Steve, the secrets he’d whispered to him, the songs he showed him. He was so close to truly opening himself up to Steve that it scared him. It scared him like loving Bucky scared Natasha.
“Mhm.” Some of the strange liquid split over the rim of the red cup as Tony leant over to set it down on the coffee table, so he could begin digging into his back pocket - Steve just waited eagerly for what he was about to present him, still afraid to touch his drink that was bubbling like something gross in a bayou in Florida.
Surprisingly, Tony gave Steve his number, when Ty went to the bathroom Tony took Steves phone from his hands and demanded he let him put his number in. Tony was, arguably, the weirdest person Steve had ever met.
So he went with it, for some reason he didn’t really know. It just seemed like the right thing to do in that moment. There was something too vulnerable in her kiss that he felt bad pulling away from. That drunk, stubborn flood in his brain made sure he thought it was fine and that it was just ‘something he should do’.
“Awww you guys are so cute.” Clint mocked in a sing-song tone, Natasha bopped him over the head with a cardboard coaster.
“No.” Firmly, and yet his eyes locked to the ground. Doubting the confidence that he was gaining. “But it’s not a real relationship. Not really. It never was. I’ve known him since we were kids, nothing has changed at all. We just grew up.”
“And my life will go on. Everybody is so wrapped up in their own hedonism that they think everything needs to end with a fight or a confrontation or a sweet resolution, but these things just happen. Right? If I just left than whenever anything got tough than I’d be no better than… Well, it wouldn’t be right, is what I’m saying.”
“Steve. Tell us about yourself.” Natasha tilted her head, hair falling over her shoulder and slinking over her fishnet shirt as she did.
Steve watched in slight but repressed amusement as he watched Bucky try and figure out the order of his original questions to Steve’s answers.
No remorse, no worry of that he’d just been caught, he knew Steve knew, and just bore the look of a teenager who was sitting in the principals office getting a lecture but he just found the whole thing ‘funny’.
Tony waved his hands around uncomfortably, speaking in a sarcastic tone that was so rehearsed he must have practised it a hundred times. “Yeah, that’s all a little too
He had the song ready, on his phone, he’d had it ready and waited for Steve to say yes and put his ear bud in and face him and lay with him – it made him feel guilty, that he had never expected Tony to be so subtly thoughtful even though he witnessed it all the night before. But, before he pressed play, there was one last step. His finger held up to Steve’s ear. The edge of his middle finger rubbed against the lobe, as his index nestled the earphone into a more comfortable and secure angle.
Taking a deep breath, trying not to be too obvious of his own anxiety, he looked down at Tonys wide, dark, expectant eyes, and down his neck. There was traces of bruises under his jaw, yellow stains marking him as someone else’s and a chain looped around his neck, a small ‘O’ at the base of his adam’s apple - somewhat disturbing under the circumstances.
“You haven’t tried them!” Digging into the white grease stained bag and giving Steve one first, then one for himself, messily scrunching the top of the bag and shoving the rest in the crook of his arm. “I’ll make it up to him anyway, that bloated creep.”
His brain went away to a couple nights before, in Tony’s apartment. Tony walking out into his living room in nothing but some striped socks that touched the knobs of his knees with a playful smirk and saying
moved away but thought not too. It was difficult to tell what Tony was feeling, his eyes were genuine but his lips trembled as if they didn’t know whether to smile or not, like he didn’t know right from wrong. “See? That was a secret, or a truth. Get it now.”
But he was done being a coward, hiding from the world and hiding from his feelings. If he wanted Tony and he did,
“ATLEAST NOT FOR FREE!” Clint’s drunken voice somehow managed to reach the stage, earning a middle finger from Rhodey.
“Ah. God knows I’ve had many of those conversations. But its mostly me, yaknow, yelling about what a complete an utter psycho that guy is.”
“No problem.” He walked around Steve and followed Tonys subtle point inside the apartment with no complaints, he figured at the mention of a girl he forgot he’d left Steve alone with Tony.
There was another swing, and the blue wallpaper faded into grey, into ash, the flick of Tony’s cigarette.
“God, I wish I could just take you away.” Steve moaned, running his fingertips up and down Tony’s tanned skin. “Have you all to myself.”
Natasha put her ear against the door first. Eventually everyone finding a space according to their height where they could effectively listen, Thor being so tall he could lean over Bruce, Natasha and Rhodey on the right side of the door, Bucky and Clint claimed the left.
Rhodey resumed to the fire, but something persuaded Steve to look back too, after him, something tickling, no, scratching at the back of his neck, the feeling deafened anything James was saying to him now.
“It’s good to meet you, other one.” Slapping Steve rather roughly on the shoulder with a jovial smile across his face before trudging off in the direction of the kitchen.
Of course, he didn’t think anything of it, Tony was the type to leave the TV on when he left the house, and assuming Tony didn’t think he would ever come back to this apartment, he didn’t really care if his flat screen or any other valuables were stolen.
“You know she probably did that because of you.” Steve grinned playfully as Tony took her seat opposite him.
“What happened?” Steve whispered, without realising, his thumb traced along the edge of the scar, Tony didn’t seem to mind.
Some could call him an evil genius, he managed to cheat on Tony, multiple times, get outed and somehow end up with Tony apologising to
Why else would he be so ready to let someone who is supposed to care about him, walk all over him like he’s even less than a doormat.
“Fuck I’m alone.” Bruce also said slightly too loud, tipping his beer in everyone’s direction when they looked at him.
He screwed up his face, and wondered if people listened to this for pleasure, and then mentally slapped himself on the wrist for being judgemental, he had a tendency for that sometimes.
“Everyone seems to know you, Tony. But I don’t feel like I do, I don’t even know why you invited me here.”
A smirk formed on Tonys lips, it was dark, but in the lights flashing through the city he could see the shine on his lips after his tongue swiped over them.
When he imagined Tony in his bed, there was no unbearable tension, rigid arms that didn’t dare to touch each other and Tony hogging the blanket without him being able to say anything because if he woke him up then he’d have to talk to him and maybe look at him and he couldn’t do that because if he did that then he’d want to kiss him again and he couldn’t do that.
The regret rose up out of him, a weight off of his shoulders, so light that he let himself laugh with Tony. Tony didn’t make him feel ashamed, and he felt like he could cry.
It seemed that Tony, who apparently could charm the shit out of a snake, was not getting through to this overweight middle aged man. Steve just watched, Brian glared at him like adults look at teenagers who are yelling on the street, like he was already deciding in his head what kind of guy Steve was.
“Steve, I’ve never been surer of anything. Except for the time that I thought I saw John Travolta wearing crocs in Times Square. I was very sure that time.”
He wore a smirk on his lips, it was sharp, but his eyes were soft despite the black lining his lashes. Steve couldn’t stop looking, it was like there was nothing impossible in the world but his ability to stop looking at this boy, this stranger.
“Wouldn’t you fancy that, Ty? easy college ride, nice job, wife and kids?” Tony smiled, pulling his feet up on to the couch and pushing a golden curl behind his boyfriends ear. Tonys eyes glossed over him intimately, and Steve could tell they’d known eachother for a very long time - although, he didn’t know whether it was hope, or the light, or the way glitter ran fell down Tonys cheekbone like a tear drop, but he could see a certain doubt in his eye.
“Wait –“ Steve sat up, glaring at his best friend across the way. “You told Tony and not me when I told you about me and Tony?”
“Well then where do you wanna start?” He wrapped his scarred hands around Steve’s and pulled him around the room, he didn’t care that the curtains were open.
They both coughed into their fists after pulling apart, trying to maintain their masculinity and act as though neither of them enjoyed the embrace what-so-ever, after all there was nothing less macho than having a mature conversation about a problem and resolving it without beating the shit out of each other.
With each day it began to seem like he was wasting his time. It was obvious Tony made certain that he and Steve were never alone together. He acted like himself, as usual, like nothing had changed – arranged to go out for coffee with him, then last minute Rhodey or Natasha would suddenly decide that they were coming too. All of it left him wondering whether it was just him, that him and Tony weren’t really friends at all and he felt awkward around him. Maybe Tony felt guilty, or embarrassed even, that he hadn’t broken up with Ty who subjected everyone to subtle-not-subtle pictures of Tony’s arms or legs draped over him on Instagram.
“How about we don’t talk about that? Thanks.” Tony huffed, immediately shifting uncomfortably where he sat at the mention of his father.
Natasha shouting into the microphone to introduce the band, Tony’s bright and cathartic smile as usual lighting up the make-shift stage. There was something to be said about the support from a bunch of stoned alternative kids and how the atmosphere always shifted the minute they started playing, it must have been part of the reason Steve was so drawn to Tony in the first place, the strange feeling of acceptance he radiated to everyone in the room all the while making you subconsciously fight for his attention without even realising. It was a fickle thing. But Tony was fickle.
If he could kiss him, right then and there, he would’ve. He would’ve kissed a boy for the first time and he wouldn’t care about his weird boyfriend, he would accept Tony for everything he was and -
Steve hummed back in the same tone as he left the room, already hearing some distant rap music from the common area and some chatter  that he’d gotten used to hearing and used to avoiding.
In one quick movement, his thumb swiped across his lip, cupping the side of his chin, Tony standing on the tips of his toes and pressing his lips against his. Kissing him.
. But I’m not. It’s… Refreshing, to say the least.” His words trailed off, flowing away and trickling down, he edged closer to Steve, perhaps for warmth, maybe for comfort.
s stopped Tony from going for his jeans. Sliding them down his legs between his fingers, and Steve watched the fabric cascade past the goosebumps on his skin, how he clumsily kicked them past his feet and pulled his socks off with them. No turning back now.
They mostly avoided each other on campus, but since Steve had been with Tony, he hadn’t really thought about it, he forgot that this was one of her usual spots to study and write.
Tony and Steve were sat on some old roughed up stools just before they were about to start their set, barely able to hear one another over the drunken rabble.
, but this wasn’t some testosterone fuelled 2am tinder conversation and Steve wasn’t that kind of guy and that was definitely not appropriate.
He had to hop on a bus, but he made it to Tony’s apartment in due time. He knew Tony wouldn’t have made a fuss if it held no significance, he was the type who could replace anything. But this obviously was priceless to him. Steve knew the only two people he could never replace were James Rhodes, and Maria Stark.
“Get over it, darling. Steve, go with Nat and Rhodey, I promise they won’t eat you.” He placed a hand on Steves back, gently pushing him in the direction of the couch. Ideally, he would’ve sat with Tony and not Tonys fuckwit boyfriend who has only been rude to him for no apparent reason but, he’d deal. Tony found a large glass filled with what must’ve been somebodies glass of water and placed the flowers inside, ignoring the stare we was getting from Ty.
He wondered how many times they’d do this. In the cold. On the sidewalk. On a rooftop. Staring, quiet, sharing the silence like the words were on an untouchable thread in the night air. They either had really bad communication skills or it was a
Tony has invited him to a party, him specifically (Okay, and Bucky), he’d been wherever he was thinking of who to invite to his party and he thought of Steve? Maybe he was just trying to fill out space, but still, he’d begun thinking Tony was too cool for him.
Tony had stopped in his tracks when he saw everyone congregated outside of the bathroom, pretending to be looking at their phones or one another, but Tony wasn’t that stupid, evident by his scoff and sad, bitter smile.
“We weren’t a good match… I guess I should have listened to what you said.” He spoke reluctantly, unwilling to admit it. “And that… what happened, with us, you know… In the woods. It wasn’t just
Mostly quiet in comfortable silence, watching more and more critters hop around the moonlit pond, buzzing around their heads as the flame not burned on.
“We got games.” Raising a persuasive brow, he stopped and looked at Steve, who, without thinking, let out a chuckle.
“Nothing. At the moment, why, you want me to cook you up something hubby?” And as diligently as ever, he returned to his casual façade. There was, however, a very specific and observable release of tension in Tony’s demeanour whenever Rhodey was around, even if they were bickering.
Tony smiled, letting himself into the room and shutting the door behind him, gliding around the room with ease and making it his own, maybe to make himself more comfortable in the situation. “Well I didn’t mean to interrupt you and the other Village People but I had a free period and decided to stop by.”
“I’m sorry.” His tone didn’t suggest it, his voice flat and a smile on his lips. And then his hand was on Steves thigh, grasped around the damp splotch on his knee.
Clenching his jaw, Steve tried to stay composed. Try not to overreact over what he’d just heard, if he’d heard him right at all.
“Is it? I’ve been asking that of myself. Whether I should just, lose control.” She looked at him intently, blurry red lips and flushed cheeks.
Maybe if he asked, Bucky would come with him, he’d probably like to see Natasha, but it was weird, he was weird.
The local theatre they were playing at was only a block away from the bar Steve worked. Yes, maybe he did try extra hard to convince his manager to let the band hire out the place for their friends, maybe he did really enjoy the look on Tonys face when Steve told him he did it. But he was just being nice.
Steve modded again feverishly, his fingers grazing against the bottom of Tonys shirt, dipping into the slit in the middle and sliding open one button.
“How’ve you been?” She asked politely, with a tinge of concern as she noticed the bleached patch of hair.
Steve paused almost immediately, his hand on the bar ended up slipping, his pinky knocking over Bucky’s empty beer bottle – quickly grabbing it before it toppled onto the ground. Unsurprisingly, his friend gave him a suspicious look.
Steve leant closer to Bucky’s ear when he asked, fearing that the sound of metal smashing against metal that was supposed to be metal was too loud for him to be heard. They were propped up against a tall round table in the back of the bar, the space mostly empty as everyone else was crowded towards the corner of the room, jumping and thrashing against each other, it amazed him how many people had managed to cram into such a small place, the roof was low, the rafters decaying, college kids bounced off of the peeling red wallpaper.
Tony was messy, but in an organised way. He kept places that needed to be clean, like the kitchen and the bathroom, neat and tidy unless he was experimenting with something as basic as an omelette in an attempt to make Steve breakfast one morning and somehow ending up with a plate of onions and eggs all over the wall. There were piles of… Steve didn’t know what in random places around his apartment, but he knew where everything was when he needed it and didn’t appreciate it when people misplaced a piece of mess from one of his piles of messes.
back at him. “ – But don’t you think this is all a little ridiculous? I mean you thought this up last night, and you’re going
“Yeah well at least I’m not too scared to tell someone I like them.” He shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly, his hands shrugging with them as he began to turn to where the party was warming up. Steve scoffed at the back of his head. He wasn’t wrong, Steve never thought himself to be a coward, that didn’t mean he wasn’t utterly and completely hopeless when it came to romantic situations. That had been proven many, many times.
Too inebriated to react as fast as he should have to light arching into the room after the swing of the open door.
“Yeah well you dated Sharon and she was way hotter than you! But… she makes me feel cool. The other night we went on a date and just drank beer and threw knives at trees.” He peered past Steve at the bright red wall in thought, crossing his arms over his chest. Trying to remember the last time Bucky was this worked up over a girl… He couldn’t, it was unusual. He almost wished he had it so simple.
He didn’t mind being bumped into and knocked around by others on the dancefloor, at some point he actually started to enjoy the rabble, the noise, the contact. Times where he caught Tony smiling at him and he could feel his stomach dance.
had done as if he wasn’t a victim and he was the monster that brought those things upon himself. Maybe he thought Steve bought into it too, and looked at him in disgust and annoyance like he wanted.
For some unexplainable reason, there was one member in particular who caught Steves eye, unable to turn away even as he spoke to his friend, who was attempting to nod his head in time to the beating of the rock music.
The sound of the band stopping blending in with the sound of the bartender replacing the noise with the radio so that there was no time for any audible silence and loud chattering was so efficient that Steve hadn’t noticed they’d stopped, and the crowd was quickly filling out the room towards the bar and out the door to smoke most likely.
“Hi. I brought Vodka.” Steve said, without thinking, removing the bottle from the crook of his arm and presenting it to Tony, who just looked at it with a crooked smile. He didn’t know what else to get, people brought alcohol to parties right? It was just common courtesy.
His crush was turning out to be a bigger problem than he needed. Dealing with college was problem enough - now he had this stupid crush on a pretty boy who had a pretty (shady) boyfriend and it was beginning to ruin his life.
“Hey. Man, I’m goin’ out, text me if you need anything.” Buck had only just got back to the dorm, only to change his jacket from a thin navy bomber jacket to a thicker green raincoat.
“But – uhh, I don’t need it anymore. I’m… I’m happy. That’s what it’s about right? I guess I’m excited about what the future holds. So… Peace.” He held up two fingers, partially smiling as he waited for the expected applause. Steve clapped too, and welcomed the slightly flushed Tony into his arms for a hug as he hurried back, clutching the coin in the palm of his hand, refusing to open it like he was ashamed for anyone else to see him treasuring it.
but Tony had more pictures of himself and Rhodey than him and Ty online, they must’ve become fast friends at MIT,
“T- Tony.” Steve stuttered as he scrambled to turn the music off, red as a beet. He stood up straight like nothing had happened, crossing his arms and clearing his throat one two many times. “What – uh – What are you doing here?”
“I’ll go to libraries and do my work. I don’t know. You know I never wanted to play football anyway.” Steve sighed, stuffing another shirt into a duffle bag.
Tony laughed a real childish laugh, it was almost a giggle. Steve looked up from hiding his face in shame just to be sure, Tony had never made a noise like that around him before.
weird.” He looked away, but considering he couldn’t actually pull away from Steve, he swallowed, the lump in his throat constricting as he locked eyes with him once again. “When did you lose your virginity?” Asking with a sudden smirk.
“Oh, Obie’s in town? He’s ther- no, no don’t put him on the phone. I gotta go. Really- I.” Steve watched as Tony’s fist clenched and released, sprawling into the air as his words slowly formed together. He remembered the name. “Can you tell him I’ve gotta study this week so I can’t see him? Okay.. Okay I love you too. Okay bye mom.”
“I met this girl at a party, she seemed cool, seemed into me. She told me to come see her band.” His friend replied, standing on his toes to try and spot the girl over the row of dotted heads bopping up and down.
“Dude.” Bluntly, tilting his head to the side and glaring at Bucky like he was a moron, sparing a look at the couple behind him and being glad they weren’t paying attention to them either. “Why do you even wanna know?  Not that I’m going to talk to you about it.”
“You’re clearly a morning person.” Tony tugged on his shoulder, pulling on the neck of his shirt like an annoying, petulant, child. “Can I show a song?”
The two of them spent the entire night on their sides, looking at one another, lying on Tony’s bed and talking about everything that they had spent months talking around, like it was them and them alone, floating in space on Tony’s queen-sized bed. A small strobe light lit the ceiling in red and blue and they kissed between sentences, smiling because they had no reason not to, intertwining delicate fingers because they didn’t need to hide.
Who wouldn’t? Tony couldn’t think of anyone who’d want to spend an isolated pro-longed time with him.
“OH. UH. I’m sorry.”  He shifted, uncomfortably, onto his back, so his shoulder was digging into Tony’s back but, that was better than, you know.
Sure, Tony and Steve hadn’t put a label or a nice wooden sign on their relationship, or whatever it was. But that was fine, why wouldn’t it be? When almost every day was just talking, food, sex, talking, sex, sex, more sex, talking, more food and the occasional movie binge.
“There was this like charity which sent some of us to school. I met Bucky there. His mom was a godsend, I couldn’t always stay with them but she carried on helping me get through school. And then I got a scholarship. And now I’m here. With you. Is that everything you wanted to know?”
He planted his lips on the edge of Tony’s cheek where the paint had smudged into his skin. It was warm but the tear (or what he might defend as something caused by having a little speck in his eye) wet his lower lip, somehow it didn’t manage to snap him back into the reality of what he’d just done.
Tony sat up square in his boyfriends lap, yet looked at Steve when he addressed him, there was a hand sliding down the inside of his thigh, and a possessive arm around his stomach. “Steves an artist.”
But it might be good to get it out, to someone he cared about, who cared about him. Someone he trusted.
“You never wanna admit that I might have a good idea every so often, do you?” Steve said fondly as he shifted his whole body to face Tony.
It was wrong. It was invasive, he knew that, he did it anyway. He’d hurt Tony and for some reason been proud of him for admitting it.
. Honestly not how he thought he’d be spending his night, but really, it wasn’t like he had anything else in mind, being too busy worrying about a crowded house full of strangers and migraine producing music.
He dug into his pocket, pulling out a crumpled carton of cigarettes, expecting him to pull one out, instead he offered the box to the man.
Steve had, as gently and non-brutishly as he possibly could, grabbed Tony by the wrist and yanked him into the water.
“I was! I… am. I think that’s why I went along with it. Was feeling sorry for myself. I’m sorry. Buck, I really am. It wasn’t anything, I swear. Just… Ugh, I don’t know what it was.”
“See,” Rhodey began. “Tony and his mom have told me about this rivalry him and Ty always had growing up. Everything was a competition, but Tony was always better, and I’m not just saying that ‘cause he’s my friend, trust me he could do with a little knock to his ego every now and again. Ty is definitely obsessed with him and not in a cute, honeymoon period kinda way, in a crazy nutjob kinda way. I think he does the things he does because he wants Tony to like… fight back? Or, he wants Tony to feel so shitty about himself that he won’t.”
“Yeah I’m being serious I said it like… Two times! Why wouldn’t I be serious? If… If you want to, I… I want to. I want to do it Steve.”
He would be lying if he said he didn’t spend all his time thinking about. His mind always wandering back to the woods when he was just trying to go about his day.
“It was just sex.” He shrugged unconvincingly, his voice shattering into charred pieces as he spoke.
Nice in the most literal sense. A little awkward, polite, okay looking, just, nice. Steve had had a ‘nice’ conversation with her about some tv shows that he was never going to watch until they both came to the conclusion that Bucky and her friend were not going to come back and neither of them had anything in common so she too left Steve at the 50s themed diner which he didn’t really mind, they had caramel-oreo milkshakes and he liked the music.
Out of the corner of his eye he noticed Ty offer some of his drink to Tony but he refused almost immediately. “Um. I don’t know. I think my future is looking to be whatever I can get.”
Steve let out a gentle laugh, the fire seemed fine, especially as it flickered yellow and orange onto Tony’s cheeks, crackling against his skin so naturally like there was already a fire inside him.
Tony’s head spun to look at him. Staring at him, his eyes. He was trying to be sure, sure of something.
“Well I- I doubt I could make a career out of it, or football for that matter, I don’t really... care about football. But it was the only way I could get into college so - there’s that.”
Everyone turned to the sudden shouting, and loud bustling, only to see Tony, pushing the coffee table against the tv stand, placing himself in the space he’d created with his hands on his hips.
He found a video of two young lean guys filmed on a grainy camera, there was a mousy haired man and a brunet, which was fine. Perfectly fine.
“Ha-ha.” He didn’t seem too pleased about Tonys comment but extended his arm for Steve to shake his hand, which he not so delicately accepted. “Hi.”
Each street lamp he passed, each lonely person with a bottle in their hand and sad story that nobody else in the world cared about began to blind him after a while, until he was just mindlessly chasing a vision of black and white and shimmering gold, everything he wanted but couldn’t have, something so perceivable to the eye but impossible to grasp.
“Can I ask you something?” Said Steve, Sharon raised her brow ever so slightly but nodded as she drank. “You and me, we were… serious, right?”
“Well I don’t like that, and if you’re a swamp monster, then I’m a big ugly Forest troll. And I’m way uglier.”
“Tonys fine. I don’t like or dislike Tony. He’s okay. He’s a little obnoxious, talks a lot. He’s okay. Can’t you just do it later?”
“Frick...” Tony chewed, Brian shrugged his shoulders apathetically at him, which mustn’t have helped his mood, he replied by scrunching his eyes and nose and mouth at the man in agitation. Then he stepped closer to Steve, really close. “Okay, just, follow my lead, alright?” Whispering, Tony patted Steves chest, but that wasn’t quite enough the prepare him for what Tony was going to do next.
“I tried to walk home. Or back to the club, I don’t really know. I bumped into Ty, it was like the first time I saw him in years since he went away. I guess it all kind of made sense then, like I was supposed to see him. He was there, then, he hadn’t been for so long but then he was there and nobody else was. I guess in some way he’d always been there.”
“You know…” He nodded, trying to imply something that Steve wasn’t in the mood to guess, shrugging his shoulders and shaking his head in response. “Doin’ it with a guy.”
“Oh, yeah, I broke up with Ty.” Tony was so obviously trying very hard to act nonchalant, his grip on the bed post tightening. “Well, pretty much. Can’t reach him in Europe so I just left all his stuff in the hall and had the locks changed, which I think’ll do the trick, don’t you?”
“Steve?” It wasn’t Tony, it was Ty. Which for some reason was worse. He knew he couldn’t just keep walking, how did he recognise it was him from the back of his head, his stomach flipped over and over again at the sound of his own name, churning inside him as he slowly turned back around.
“We’re not friends.” Steve put it blankly, sitting up on the bed with a guttural groan, as if the obvious and bitter lie was punishing him with some horrible acid reflux. The only reason he said it is because he knew Tony probably didn’t think of them as friends, why would he? “They’re your friends. I just hang out with them sometimes.” A sigh was pushed up out of his mouth as he stood, walking past Bucky to grab the white plastic bag on his desk which did have a bright orange and pink bottle with lettering he didn’t understand all over it inside.
Besides, out of everything that had happened to Steve and Tony retrospectively in recent months, it was hardly anything out of a fairy-tale. Even if he had spent many sleepless hours wondering if Tony was really real.
“I’m sorry.” Was all the breath in his lungs could manage at that moment. “I really, really don’t know what happened. No, I know what happened, I was super drunk and I guess she was too and she was talking to me… Ugh…”
“Hey. Please come tonight. Tony will be there, but, Ty’s on vacation or something? Or he’s just gone to France – I don’t know it’s some rich people thing. Besides, it’s a big shindig type thing, you’ll hardly see ‘em. ‘Might make you feel better?”
“But…” His increasingly drunk mouth wandered. “It feels so good to let it go.” Thinking back to the woods, giving it up, all of himself, all of his control and restraint. All for him. Only for him.
Tony must’ve parted the bathroom door a crack after dramatically slamming it so Ty could enter, he had a way of being petty sometimes that made him laugh but it didn’t seem appropriate then.
Avoiding eye contact with a couple of girls gossiping on the steps and clutching onto their empty red cups pretending to be invested in whatever gripping drama the other was talking about, he found upstairs to be mostly empty. Opening the first door he saw.
“You’re more interesting than you think you are.” He said simply. “But you didn’t hear that from me.”
Maybe they didn’t care if other people were uncomfortable, maybe most of their friends weren’t because they were used to it, but Ty and Tony needed a serious lesson PDA - once again it was as if Steve weren’t even there, he was invisible, had wrangled Tony into his arms like he didn’t want him to know that anyone else existed in the universe but him.
“Oh come on. It’s not often Tony brings someone into our little crew. There must be something.” Rhodey narrowed curious brows at him, Clint seemed to be doing something on his phone.
“Hey, hey guy -“ Steve wavered the man in the truck over, seeing concern and confusion show on his face, he felt kind of bad for him. “He has a problem - problems with his lungs. I need a hand, you know, help?”
“I… Tony I think you’re great. Well more than great. I haven’t met anyone like you and I don’t think I ever will. I knew that the first time I ever saw you. It was like everything I thought I knew about myself just disappeared and I didn’t remember what my life was like before I met you or I didn’t want to remember. And God I wish I could think of a word for it because I’d be doing you am injustice to just say I like you. I wish it was that simple but really, I’d do
“Neither did I…” She chewed on what Steve had said for a minute or two, while he watched her eyes search the carpet for some sort of answer.
“No. Why would I want to do that?” The way Tony looked into him with his intrusively interrogating dark brown eyes made him hot in his sweater, the way his shoulder grazed into his chest as he walked past him not helping. “Do you ever think about what people would say about you if you went missing?”
Tony’s abject bluntness tore Steve open, ripping him open. The pain felt more real when Tony turned away, and carried on walking in the opposite direction.
The image of the slim brown haired actor on his back was quickly fading from the back of his mind. Until he had a harrowing thought.
His expression changed. His smile faded, his big dark eyes glossing over Steves face with his head tilted with a curious inquisition.
“I’m gonna go find a table and get a drink!” He patted his friends shoulder, and was grabbed around the wrist at his attempt to walk away.
His eyes tracked over Steve in particular. His fault. He made it even worse now. His lashes were painted dark, atleast he hadn’t been crying, otherwise it would've been really obvious.
“I mean you pretty much took the easy job. You must’ve had a role as a possum in a school play or something because you play dead a little too well.”
“Seems like you got a lot of secrets lately.” Said Bucky through a half-smile, pulling the chair away from his desk across from Steve and sitting in it haphazardly.
“Pretty sure that was you, maybe if you stayed off the booze you’d remember!” He’d meant it playfully although his tone suggested otherwise, thankfully his friend knew him well enough to understand that, letting go of his wrist and instead patting him on the shoulder to send him on his way.
“The night is still young. This is Steeeeve.” He chimed, and then the rude one finally acknowledged Steves existence. “Steve, this is Ty. My groupie.”
Tony had probably been on a million trips in his life, Steve had seen pictures of him in Paris, India, Thailand, Milan, Greece. Why was he so excited to go to Washington, with him nonetheless – it could’ve been that this trip didn’t come with a return ticket. Steve was certainly scared and excited about that part.
) crush by knocking an entire glass of coke down his jeans which were thankfully already dark blue. He was pretty certain that Ty had somehow staged the whole thing, he came over to the table to talk to himself, Bucky and Bruce after the show (he often stood alone at the sidelines watching, probably feeling too important for everyone else) and somehow the glass fell off the table as he turned and walked away.
“I don’t see why not.” Steve replied with an enthusiastic smile, pulling a stray curl out of Tony’s eye with the tips of his fingers – Tony’s eyes would narrow as if he was concerned about what Steve was doing to him, but there was something about how his jaw relaxed as his gaze fell back onto Steve’s face, his soft, warm eyes would show how he remembered he was safe, and that he was allowed to enjoy the warmth of another person. One day, Steve hoped, it would be so natural that Tony would have no doubts at all, and Steve could watch game shows with him and listen to his music just to make him happy, and it would be normal. “You deserve to be looked after.”
“Fuck you.” Tony smiled back, a distant and sad smile, his gaze trailing off beside him into the pit.
Steve was in shock. Genuine, shock. Happy, it made him happy, for only a second. Because why should it matter to him? Tony didn’t want him anyway, right? If anything, he should be angry at Tony, angry for leaving him, for getting upset with him and Natasha while he had a boyfriend the entire time. But he wasn’t. All he could do was pretend for his own sake.
Tony chewed on his lip. “I think I’m just about done with secrets, really. Might take a shot at telling the truth. That sounds optimistic, right? What is it those life gurus say?
” Tony mumbled under his breath and began kicking his shoes off, rubbing the heel against the edge of the stone to slide them off his feet and kick them to the dirt.
Trying to get over Tony Stark was more than just a mission. He’d faced loneliness before but not like this. Shutting his eyes and all he could see in the darkness was the olive outline of his shoulder, the dip in his collarbone that could carry an ocean of knowledge and his neck – lips, bitten and bruised, cheeks, nose, eyes. Bright brown eyes looking back at him with intrigue and wonder and then…
“Tony.” Firmer, softer, trying to win back at least a glance from him. He did, his lips twisting and convulsing in frustration, like they were struggling not to say what he wanted to say.
He turned the coin, gently between his thumbs like he’d been made aware of how delicate it was, even if Tony had just shoved it into his pocket.
“What the hell man! I - Ugh, alright, whatever.” Tony threw his hands up in the air, shaking his head at Steve dramatically in disbelief, as he rooted through his pockets. Steve watched, slightly amused and concerned and saw his expressions change from irritation to wide eyed disbelief. “Fuck, I left my wallet at the bar.”
They’d filled out the corner of the bar in a booth, which was uncomfortable and not like enough to seat everyone so they’d pulled over another small table and some chairs, Thor and Bruce were filled in (when Tony went to the bathroom) so it only turned into an even more awkward game of ‘Who's gonna talk first?’ when Ty walked over to the table.
Stripping and bearing themselves down to nothing, into the ground, the warmth of their bodies together standing up against the cold, hot moans burning up into the night sky. Steve told him, he’d never been with another guy before, Tony said it was okay. And it was, it was more than okay.
Maybe he said something, or stirred something. A thought or a doubt, pissed him off, cheered him up, he didn’t know, but Tony leapt to his feet, pulling Steves jacket on himself. It was comically big on him,
Thankfully, to his relief, Tony either got distracted or didn’t want to hear Steves answer, speeding ahead of him towards a figure shrouded in blankets and sweaters upon sweaters, a shopping cart beside him loaded with various bits and bobs, a very old looking antique lamp too.
Bucky stood as he noticed, he looked at the look on Tony’s face in the same way someone does at a car crash they’ve driven by.
They were silent for while, sharing a quaint, indescribable gaze. It was terrifying, he thought Tony was terrifyingly beautiful and maybe that was his point.
had turned into a sad, flaccid, guilty, floppy stain on his integrity. At least they were both guys. Somehow that thought was comforting and disturbing all at once.
And then he rushed out of the door, into the night. He leant against the wall outside the bar, breathing hot air out into the cold evening, flowers clutched in his fist.
“Oh.” He said aloud. Tony was just quiet, digging into Steves palms to take it back into his own hands. Steve wondered why Tony had decided to share that with him, him of all people? Not that he should hide it, or be ashamed, because he should be proud, Steve was proud, and he wanted to hold him. But he shouldn’t think like that.
Natasha was spooning Bucky on the couch, Rhodey somehow sat upright in a chair, his head tilted to the side in sleep, Thor’s long and large body spread across the floor next to Bruce’s, while Clint was sat at the small dining table, his head on the surface as he drooled onto it.
He looked down at Tony, his cold nose and red hair. Images of him smiling and free playing back in a loop, over and over again.
They did improv in drama class every Wednesday for a whole semester and not to brag but Steves performance was...
sat on the edge of the low wall, throwing his legs over the wall, he didn’t seem to care at all. Tentatively following him, he sat beside him with his back to the city, Tony seemed to notice how he didn’t let himself hang over the edge like himself. “But because you’re here, I guess it’s ours now.”
He began to walk over to Steve, his hand raised as if he was going to speak but he didn’t. Not until he stood before him, chewing the corner of his gum and waiting for the exact, right, moment.
“Why?” Tony asked suddenly, a half smile masking his question as a light-hearted joke. “Why do you even like me?” He looked at the floor, embarrassed, ashamed, Steve couldn’t be sure because Tony was trying to play it off as if he really wasn’t that bothered.
The music from the bar seemed much too close, too loud as the door slammed shut, blocking them from everyone else.
A blonde around Tonys height interrupted Steve as he wrapped his arm around Tonys shoulder, it was like he didn’t even notice Steve was there.
Tony couldn’t breathe, and the pages began to fall damp beneath him, he had to cover his mouth to stifle some sobs as if he had to hide them although he was all alone. He kept turning the pages, hundreds of detailed or rough drawings until he reached the final one.
“How have you been?” Steve choked out pathetically. He hated small talk and knew Tony hated it just as much if not more.
“Not everyone can.” The redhead said from beside him, her talking voice was sensuous in comparison to her singing voice, she had shimmery violet eyelids and red lipstick that almost matched the red bangs feathered over her eyes, and she looked up at Steve with not so curious green eyes, which made him uncomfortable, he felt as though she’d figured him out already and it was something that he didn’t even know about himself. “Hi. I’m Natasha.”
“Okay, well it was you who managed to rent out that bar you work at so we could have the party there.” He chimed, swivelling in his chair.
“Tones, you wanna come up and say a few words?” Rhodey smiled, he was proud too, even if he wouldn’t admit it right now in front of everyone.
“Yeah, actually. Hi.” He spoke shakily, looking at Steve for a moment before looking at his phone, probably so he didn’t have to force conversation.
-Was Tony’s response as he rose to the top. Splashing and thrashing around exaggeratively although he had no trouble swimming.
. He got mad I didn’t let him in on the action and he fired me, threatened to call the cops and everything, took all my precious pretzels and sold them himself.”
“Ah, alright. Here, take these. I dunno if we’re gonna be able to eat em all.” Tony handed him the bag of pretzels before he could get back any complaints. “And don’t think about putting it in your little book thingy because we stole them from Brian.”
Tony scoffed, but as more light began to pour into the room, and the inside of the sheets reflected red onto both of them in their secluded haven in the sheets, he could see that he was really smiling again. If only, he could be like that all the time, and they could stay under the sheets all the time and Tony wouldn’t go back to his boyfriend.
“Cool. I’ve never played.” Tony hummed and took the box, and the bottle, before swapping both of them around, handing the box to Steve and the bottle to Bucky, ignoring their confused expressions. “Bucko, take that to the kitchen, Nats in there fixing herself a drink she’ll show you where everything is.”
He looked at her with a clenched jaw. Tense. Nervous. He looked as though he might burst into tears at any moment. But he didn’t.
“Great.” He licked his lips, and proceeded to push his weight onto Steves knee as he hurled himself up to his feet, the patch where his hand once was felt too light without it, the hairs on his arms stood up, his chest heavy, like an aftershock. “Hey save some for me asshole!”
“Uh, like, Rhodey and... Natasha and... they all care about you - uh,” He was sick of watching Tony freeze, so he shrugged off his jacket and handed it to him before he could protest.
Steve grinned without realising that he was. “Yeah, something awful like that.” Glancing over Tony’s shoulder at the window behind him, only able to see a tall streetlamp shining yellow into the frame. “It’s getting late, maybe I should go.” He wouldn’t be able to put into words how reluctant he was to say that, how much he wanted to stay with Tony all night, curled around him and listening to him speak. But he didn’t want to seem…
As long as he was there, chasing him, even in a never ending loop and kaleidoscope of colours,  then he had a reason to keep fighting. He knew it then, Tony was his reason to fight.
“Not anymore. But, you see to be doing alright with Natasha. I don’t imagine she was giving you vocal lessons.”
Sharon smiled at Steve, holding a floral pink and blue coffee cup with a sticker on it for the boxing club.
“You know what, this might be hard for you to hear, but he doesn’t belong to you! He’s not yours Tony! Get over it!”
Steve gathered the rest of his clothes as quickly as he could, having to pull his sweater on as he followed Tony, and instant stick in the gut of worry with each step.
What would he find, though, if he carried on following in Tony’s path, his already distant shadow flickering through the trees? Another broken down and destructive boy like the night he chased Tony down the street? Another night fuelled with rage at Tony’s awful excuse for a partner, sure.
“Yes.” He admitted, not to her, to himself. “It’s intense.” He leaned into her, closer to the comfort of feeling like he wasn’t alone. For once.
About half way through, most people (although mortally drunk themselves) noticed that Ty was way past his limit. Tony attempted to pull him up, throw his arm around his shoulder to get him to move, all he achieved was allowing Ty to fall into an angle where he could sloppily kiss Tonys neck and murmur inaudible things into his skin. Tony laughed, of course, but Steve could see he was irritated, something about the way his hands were strained upon his chest, uncomfortably and way way too familiar.
“Didn’t realise we had room for the entire football team now.” Ty said in a passive aggressive tone, looking at Nat as he said it.
Alone, sad, sitting on the edge of a king-sized bed that was perfectly made, emptier than it should be.
) had become so obsessed or maybe even bewitched that he took any opportunity to see Tony, even if it was via That bastard.
From here, he couldn’t see as many details, yes, but he could see the skin under his armpit through the gaping armhole of his tank top, and he thought about how he was probably sweating and probably smelled like sweat, and then how he should probably stop thinking like a weirdo, so he pulled out his phone.
“I didn’t realise we had a poet in our midst.” Ty mumbled, so Tony pinched his knee that was between his legs, which resulted in him being a little too forcefully pulled off of his lap and beside him on the couch. Steve didn’t like that, not one bit.
“Yeah, alright.” Ty walked away from Tony without another word, which provoked an irritated sigh from Tony. “I hope I see you around here again Steve Rogers.” He said through an evidently forced smile, which made him feel awful.
He could be an idiot every day if it meant he could make Tony laugh, even if it was at him, or only a little bit. Because Tony had probably the best smile he’d ever seen in his life, most probably, like if there was some scientific calculation that measured how great someone’s smile is than Tonys would probably be the greatest, or whatever.
“Bye!” Steve blurted out as he was halfway out of the door, his brain was still processing the words Tony had spoke to him.
“Hello sunshine, did you forget we had a date?” Tony’s enigmatic voice beamed from behind him. “Well, I’d do the same if I had a chance to sit with such a pretty lady – Hi, I’m Tony.” He flashed her a flirtatious smile as he leaned over Steve’s shoulder to shake her hand.
- He went back and forth, but by then it had been too long to reply without it being obvious he’d struggled thinking of a response. He subtly asked Bucky, and told him he was talking to a girl, to which he was informed that sometimes ‘reading and ignoring’ makes them more interested. He didn’t ask for his logic, or how he knew that, and accepted it before he ended up sending Tony a stupid picture or something else embarrassing.
He didn’t know what to do, if he walked away, Tony might turn around and see and he’ll look like a gutless idiot who can’t even bare to be around him. If he stayed, and whoever was in the bathroom decided to take their sweet time, he might have to actually talk to him. Although, a part of him wanted to speak to him, and he really needed to pee.
Steve felt very vulnerable, standing in the side walk, fists and jaw clenched like he’d laid himself bare in front of Tony and Tony alone.
“…Very much so.” Tony mumbled, looking away. Steve stood up on the rock beside him, the silver stone feeling like ice under his feet, maybe Tony felt the same thing, as he gasped when Steve stood next to him.
“Yeah, maybe. Well I’m gonna head out and… give Nat a call. I’ll see you later if you’re around, I’ll steal Ryan’s Switch and we can play Smash.”
Tony made the first move, leaning forward far enough so he could rest his head on Steve’s and ripping the proverbial Band-Aid off.
Steve spent the rest of the day trying to deal with the events of that morning. Smiling, then confusion, confused smiling. Wondering why Tony would have lied to him in the woods and why he said what he did at the party.
, without saying it, otherwise Tony might bop him on the shoulder or pull him into a choke hold which Steve could most certainly get out of, but he’d let Tony wrestle him like a puppy just to make him feel proud of himself.
“There must be something that can break that impenetrable wall of yours.” He pointed to the jacket wrapped around Tonys body with a sly smile.
The brunets smile was comforting, but shifted, and somehow Steve knew he was looking for something different.
“I really fucking love game shows. Like, The Price Is Right, Match Game, Pyramid. My all time favourite is Jeopardy. Trebek is the coolest guy in the world and I wanna meet him.”
Like when two ‘roid monkeys asked Steve and Bucky where they were going the next night, and Steve felt kind of cool.
“It’s fine, you can come in. Just little ol’ me here anyways.” Said Natasha from the middle of the dimly lit room, leaning back on her hands and sighing in a melancholy way.
! Thank you! I promise I’ll make it up to you.” He nodded assuredly at Steve before shoving a spoonful of soggy cereal into his mouth.
“I hope I’ll see you around, Steve. Maybe get to see more of your moves.” Tony smiled in a way that made his cheeks swell, standing in the door frame before he would turn to leave.
“Trust me.” Tony tore the box away from Steves hands, pushing aside some bottles and empty red cups on the coffee table to make room. “You aren’t just the other one. Oh - I’m excited to play this later.”
Tony somehow looked offended he’d asked. “Uh well you know… Fine. I’d ask you the same but your friend tells me you’re always sick, glad to see you’re well enough to make it out tonight though. I was beginning to wonder when you were gonna heal from complete-and-utter-baloney disease.”
“I’m just messin’ with you Picasso.” He snorted, and Steve couldn’t tell whether he was just laughing or whether he was laughing at him, he felt offended and intrigued all at once.
He was glad it was dark in there so nobody could notice the blush across his face once Tony pulled away, although he was suddenly very aware that all their friends were looking at them, Tony holding him proudly in his arms was enough. He’d noticed how much Tony would seek safety in him, but never considered that Tony would do the same for him, until that moment.
“Yeah, good plan. Maybe I’ll get you something too while we’re at it.” His smile at her was friendly and familiar although they were practically strangers, and she was agreeable with him, curling her lips at Steve before leading his friend away. He followed, of course, not before giving Steve a hopeful wink as he followed her pointed footsteps.
“-As in, just let me know when you wanna leave. I ain’t gonna hold it against you.” That meant, ‘you look ridiculously nervous, please try and talk to someone before you get existentially sad.’
“Hmmm…” Tony stopped, his shoes making a thump as he monumented himself on the stone. “Maybe we ran away together with no trace, to somewhere where nobody knew who we were and obviously the mystery of our disappearance would be talked about on the news and on Youtube videos for the rest of time because we are just
Unfortunately, Tony didn’t text him until a week later. He tried not to feel disappointed, why would Tony have any need to text him anyway?
Considering how overly and unexpectedly supportive Bucky was. He could at least owe him that. Maybe seeing Tony would be a good thing, give him closure of some sort.
But he recalled what Natasha had said to him. Why she’d kissed him at all – it was all an act of self-defence.
Tony could barely keep still at the table, rambling in between shoving fork-fulls of eggs in his mouth. “You need to go home and pack, I’ll come with you, I’m pretty much done here.”
“Well we better be going. Steve’s got a really bad case of premature erectile dysfunction, gotta go pick up his boner pills.”
Winter was growing closer but Steve didn’t even notice the cold. The weeks that went by with Tony were just pure unadulterated bliss.
Steve didn’t know a lot about relationships, he’d only ever been in one, but he didn’t think that was healthy.
“Why would you even THINK that?” He asked incredulously, firming a hand onto Steve’s shoulder. “Dude, it’s fine. It would never not be fine with me. You’re my best friend. I just wish you’d told me sooner, instead of being all stubborn and secretive like you do sometimes.”
Steve almost laughed, settled for squinting incredulously instead, glancing down at the smile teasing the edge of his slightly chapped lips. “I have just opened my eyes and you are already making fun of me?”
“Cool.” Tony bit his lip unsurely, and Steve thought he was the awkward one. His eyes darted back and forth for a second before he turned, finally to go back inside, but slowly, so Steve would follow.
Tony bit his lip, like he was biting back a smile. “You’re such a gentleman. Not many of those around here.”
“I- I know I don’t have a lot of money and I’m not all that brainy but –“ Steve gasped as he pulled away, hugging Tony close to him, looking at every freckle, mole and pimple on his face to remind himself that it was really him and this was happening.
. Tony was looking up at him, and he was looking back, pressing his thumb against his lip as he swiped it across. His finger tugged on his lip as he pulled. If anyone saw them, they’d probably be as confused as Tony looked, perplexed squinting and scattered breaths.
Tony and Ty’s room was surprisingly neat and plain, it was possible they’d cleaned it especially for guests, but regardless, the sheets, the walls, the cabinets were all too empty, they didn’t share any of the colour or posters or bracelets scattered everywhere like someone may think. It was sort of comforting, because in all the places Steve had stayed in his life, most recently his college dorm, he wasn’t allowed to decorate, or pin things to the wall, nothing of the sort.
“On your Larry again?” Slapping on his shoulder, in a way he’d only be comfortable with his friend doing.
Bucky nodded, closing his book, and dropping his pen. “Yeah. I know when to be weird and when… not to be weird.”
And he did smell like sweat, but not in a bad way, it was boyish and kind of exciting, his eyes were exciting. Then he became conscious of how he smelt, and if he remembered to put on deodorant before he came out.
“I don’t think anyone in their right mind would trust that guy… I just can’t believe… When? Wait, no. When we went camping?! You said you two went to go buy Doritos from the gas station and that you got lost!”
“Jesus, Tony. What the hell was that about?” Exhausted, he sighed, he ought to go to the gym more if he was gonna have to do this regularly, he didn’t realise having a one sided crush on Tony Stark meant getting a free workout after you’ve already had three beers and poked at a plate of nachos. They had made it about four blocks away from the bar, on a crowded street lit up from brick to brick, bodegas and strip clubs and a food van in the middle of the sidewalk.
“Tony made it for me. I haven’t tried it yet.” It was still too fizzy for how long he’d been holding it.
He turned over in his twin sized bed, disgruntled and restless, the only thing soothing him was the image of Tony in his brain, the memory of his hand holding his, how his palm was soft and the insides of his fingers rough from the sticks. He liked how much smaller he was than him, how when he was on top of him he seemed inconceivably tiny in comparison, and how that’s how he might look if -
And at the bottom of it, he didn’t know anything about Tony. He knew rumours about ‘life of the party’ Tony ‘fucking’ Stark who could down 8 Fireballs and then ‘hack’ into the MIT school records just so he could change this kids (who had apparently said something racially insensitive to Rhodey) last name from Broderick to
“Right. Well, the story goes, I woke up, very confused and feeling very, very shitty. My dad was pissed, he didn’t even ask if I was okay, he didn’t ask why, he didn’t wanna know. I thought I wouldn’t hear the end of it, you know, he was like:
“God, let me handle this.” Composing herself as she followed Tony out the room, all Steve could manage was to follow her to the door, hiding behind the wall and watching as Tony emerged from a different room after assumingly placing Bruce on a strangers bed to rest.
Every morning was mostly the same, they’d been lucky enough to get roomed together, but after a while it becomes tiring to wake up each day and say ‘good morning’, ‘sleep well?’ and gradually just began getting up and going about their days. But they didn’t need to, it wasn’t necessary.
Steve looked to see Bucky and Nat leaving the kitchen, they were laughing, she reached up and stroked her fingers through his hair as they  walked, their inaudible conversation filling him with warmth, and dread. If he wanted to be with someone - a boy - or flirt with - a boy - he couldn’t be like that, not in public public, people would look down on it, perhaps that’s why he felt so comfortably uncomfortable around Tony and his friends, because they didn’t seem to care when Tony and Ty practically groped one another so casually. But Steve cared, about that, but not because it grossed him out.
But Tony was looking at him now, really looking. In the eyes, facing him, leaning into his hand even if he didn’t realise – no quick glances or non-engaged smirks, his eyes were wide and full of – full of –
Tony laughed as he took a drag of his cigarette, Steve enjoyed how his lips formed around it. “I don’t know. How famous can a shitty college band be?”
Bucky saw himself out, Tony sitting meekly back at the table, Steve’s sketchbook in front of him. He debated whether to look through it, but that internal argument only lasted mere seconds.
Steve laughed nervously, shoving his hands into his pockets so he would have something to do with them. “Oh. Good. I’m Steve, by the way. Steve Rogers.”
They spent about fifteen minutes reading through the instructions, well, Tony did, because the English instructions had been torn out, so he read from the Italian pages. Then Steve learnt that Tony speaks two other languages - to which it occurred to him that maybe he could get to know Tony himself.
This time was different. Happiness echoed in the back of his brain, a new premise, a promise. How – he didn’t know, maybe he would find it in the woods.
This time, they didn’t stop, if they tried it would have been impossible. Tony’s hands clasped around Steve’s neck, his back, desperately until they reached his face like the final confirmation that
“Please. Everyone keeps asking where you are. Even Tony, he always asks why you can’t come and I feel bad using your dumb excuses.”  Sliding the book back to its original spot with a tad of passive-aggressiveness.
Brian knelt down beside Tony, as Steve stood back, beside him. The man lowered his ear to Tonys chest, pretending to know what he was doing, because if he did he wouldn’t have given him enough time to raise his head and start attempting to communicate with Steve.
Everything he did was grand, like he could never afford a dull moment, barging out onto the roof, pushing both hands against the metal door and stepping out into the night like it was his own. Steve could honestly believe that all the stars and the fireflies belonged to him only.
Images flashed through his head. Tony on his back, flushed pink in the face, his cheeks. Tony on his hands, on his knees. The sounds he made, the-
“Okay. So, my mom used to do this to me when I was little. You said you wanted to know me more right? So for entire time we are like this, we have to tell each other secrets, like take turns. If you ask, I cant lie. If I ask, you can’t lie. But the rules don’t apply when we aren’t head to head. Make sense?”
“Speaking of, thats Bruce over there. But he won’t speak to you until he’s got a couple shots in him. Or unless you’re Thor. He’s got a massive hard on for-“
Whipping his head back around to the wall when Tony rolled back. Poking him now on the ridge of his spine. “Well, now we know it does work, right?”
Appropriateness, and taste, and moral standing, apparently didn’t matter at all though, as everyone at the table got up out of their seats towards the bathroom door.
He sat beside her, the bed sinking ever so slightly beneath his weight. Her sombre voice carried the weight of everything Steve felt too.
“No. No I don’t think so.” His voice was breathless, he wobbled on his feet like the wind was ready to knock him over, there was something not quite right about the way he looked. Steve stood too, met his shaken glance from the other side of the sidewalk.
When he let go, pulled away, swung his legs over the edge and began walking back towards the door, it was like a switch had been flicked. Vulnerable, open Tony was a brief privilege he’d been allowed and he didn’t know when he’d get to see him again.
There was silence for a moment, well, not silence, the music continued to boom through the house but Natasha’s silence was so alarming that Steve stepped out into the hallway.
And then quickly, almost too quickly, there was the sound of a door opening from inside, and then the increasing noise of footsteps.
They shared one more familiar smile, Steve taking himself and his bag and saying goodbye to his little room he’d grown so accustomed to. He never thought he’d so quickly go back into a life of room hopping and not knowing where he was going to be staying every month. But now, he wasn’t a kid, now, he was with Tony.
They leapt apart, looking towards the sudden presence of another voice in the room. Ty stood in the bedroom doorway, rubbing one of his eyes.
“Umm. Good, yeah. Gosh, it feels like it’s been forever.” She looked unbelievably pretty, even though she’d cut her hair to her shoulders it suited her just like anything did. “What about you?” He remembered was the polite thing to say back.
“Oh… Nothing in particular. Just wanted to let you know how your existence has been an insufferable parasite stuck on my life. And I think the same for Tony, and all your little friends.”
The night had drawn in darker by the time they got out and had forged a fire more impressive than the original using only sticks and Tony’s lighter. They sat around it next to one another on top of their coats. Tony took Steve’s sweater (without asking), cross legged by the warmth with only that and his soaking boxers on. Steve could deal with the chill from sitting in only his t shirt and briefs if it meant he could see Tony swallowed up in his large blue sweater, the sleeves pulled comfortably above his thin wrists.
“Alright alright I got water and a bucket!” Tony announced, diving into the darkened room past Steve. Dropping the bucket and the water bottle onto the bedside table with an abnormally loud thump, before running around the bed to open a crack in the window. “Geez Ty you pushed yourself too far again, maybe when the doctor says not to drink on that medication you should listen to her.” Tony sighed, pushing his hair off of his head dotingly, suddenly making him feel like he was intruding on a private moment, even more so when Tony dug into Tys pocket, ignoring his protests. Thankfully, he was just retrieving his phone, and leaving it on the bedside table. “If you need me sweets, call me, or someone. And don’t jump out the window.”
This particular bar had been much less run down than the one he’d first met Tony in, there was a private lounge area in the back which admittedly was just a small room with some mis-matched couches and a coffee table but the atmosphere made it comforting.
“Oh.” Tony blinked, wide eyed up at Steve as he spun around. “Uh… hi there… Stranger.” His face was almost just as confused and pink as the last time he saw him, a black sweater crawling up his neck and curving around his collarbones, tight around the base of his neck. Steve had wished that when he next saw Tony, he would realise that he wasn’t as beautiful as he thought, unfortunately, that wouldn’t happen.
Left foot blue, right foot red, right hand yellow and left hand blue. Tony was above Steve, hovering over him and the mat sprawled across the carpet.
Each touch was frenzied, Tony on his back although vulnerable grabbing at the bottom of Steve’s shirt, working it up his body until Steve helped him, pulling it up over his head.
Heads down. Don’t look at him. Like shunning, isn’t that an Amish thing? They were all apparently and effectively shunning him, Steve and Rhodey were the only ones who made an effort to at least look at him in mild disgust.
“Oh. Sorry. I guess I should’ve told you, I don’t play fair.” Smiling the way he always did. “But, I have to tell you that- WA!!!”
“And maybe you should stop wearing that God awful cologne sugarbear. It’s not impressing anybody. Least of all me.” Tony seeded, as his head fell on his friends shoulder.
It might have been his own ego trying to protect him, but he swore he could see a flash of disappointment across Tony’s brow, and doubt in the twitch in his lip.
“I was just looking for the bathroom. And some… quiet. Guess you’re doing the same.” Steve said with a polite smile.
“I TOLD YOU TO LET IT COOL DOWN!” Tony yelled behind him, Rhodey and Clint were laughing at a very poor and intoxicated Bruce.
“I can’t believe you’re actually doing this. What about your classes? I mean you got a full ride scholarship those don’t exactly come around so often.” He whined, looking at Tony he was the evil stepmother who took his dad away – not on purpose, but he couldn’t help it with the shock of Steve leaving.
His tone suggested he had more of a problem than a server genuinely asking what the customer wanted. If Steve knew as many people as people that knew Tony, he might actually be able to classify as a popular jock and not a nobody.
He opened his palm like a clam, instead of a pearl it was a small gold coin, with an engraved triangle and a ‘6’ inside it, bronze letters on each side of the triangle that read unity, service and another word that stood out particularly among the others - Recovery.
Tony was a blessing if there ever was one. An angel in purposefully ripped jeans and green eyeshadow with a chip on his shoulder.
“Ty isn’t invited.” Bucky repeated as he flipped a page of the book he was reading, something big and wordy for his Philosophy class that Steve had minimal interest in.
“I’m just not convinced. I don’t think he would do this. I know how he felt about you Tony. The way he beat himself up when you… Well, I’ve seen him at his worst and he definitely wasn’t there these past few months. Something’s happened to him.”
“I really hope that doesn’t become a thing.” He mumbled to Tony, and noticed Ty on the couch as he did, giving him an awkward smile to which a strained one was returned.
“I was at a nightclub with Rhodey and ‘Tasha. I was drunk and high, like usual, I don’t even remember what I took, just anything I could get my hands on really cause the place was pretty tight. I met this guy, he was kinda too old to be in that kind of club but he invited me to his place and - the others weren’t around so they couldn’t say anything, so I left with him. I couldn’t even remember getting in the cab with him... So we were at his place and i was completely shit faced and I thought we were just gonna have sex because... That’s just what I thought. And then he asked me if he could piss on me. And I said yeah, cause I thought he was kidding, and I was so mortal I didn’t think otherwise. And then he did.”
“Fucking prick.” Sighing in agitation, running a hand up through her hair like she wanted to pull it. Was it really that common that Ty did this? Or that him and Tony were just constantly swinging up and down, back and forth and nobody could stop it? “I’m gonna talk to Rhodey. And then I’ll find Tony. For now just... stay out of it.”
He’d managed to find a table in the best possible part of the bar, next to a wall so he wasn’t too close to the mayhem and the racket - despite its wooden surface being sticky, it didn’t bother him all that much.
“I always think you’re hiding something Stark. But I’m thinking rather that, like you said last time, nothing can be held against you. And… The woods can be the rooftop. What is said on the rooftop, stays on the rooftop.” Tony’s finger circled on the ground as he thought, his one revealing trait as he tried his best not to show Steve any kind of reception.
“Should there be?” He raised his eyebrow, questioningly, but with a smile that suggested he knew why Steve thought that, because people had often associated that implication with him many times before.
“Yeah I have enough money. Yeah, I’m eating enough. Mom, I’m 18, I think I know basic survival skills by now…”
Steve must have been looking at Bucky more intensely than he had meant to, although Steve had been told before that he can be intense sometimes. It was mostly due to the fact he was trying to think of what to say to him. Bucky was, or hopefully still is his best friend, he betrayed him, and his trust in him. Steve never thought he was that kind of person but the last year had been a true ode to self-reflection.
“What makes you think I can’t handle myself ‘tough guy’?” Tilting his head to the side, an eyebrow pointing the same way.
“Home.” He replied sharply, like the word had been playing over and over again on his breath. “I’m going home, I’m going to see my boyfriend.” The pace continued; Steve was only faced with the back of his head.
If you're a fan of my other works just know I have NOT given up on either of them, i clowned myself thinking I could produce multiple works at once but I've learnt from my mistakes aha. I truly love writing all these stories and seeing the responses I get, they really mean the world to me and help motivate me to write more so I appreciate every comment or kudos I get
But he was interrupted, to this surprise, as Tony leapt up onto his toes to throw his arms around him, kissing him with as much force as he could, until Steve would hold his back for support, and he could kiss him back, as gentle as he felt for him.
“What’re you staring at?” Tony smiled, wrestling with his shirt as he tried to throw it out. Maybe he thought too hard about making the action sexy, and ended up getting his elbow caught in his left arm hole.
There was a silence, Steve accidentally shared some shifty eye contact with Thor and averted his gaze to the top of Buckys head. He needed to wash his hair.
The bartender, a short plump girl with pink hair and piercings dotted around her face like pins on a map, gave Steve a weird look when he ordered a coke (not a water), but it might’ve just been because she was trying to watch the band when he’d interrupted her.
“...A friend of the family.” He chewed on his words and his smirk, watching Steves face for reactions, but he wouldn’t let him have them for too long, Tony would never do that, he knew how to control whatever people focused on if he wanted it to. Surely Steve would be the same? Right?
“I’m sorry.” Tony whispered, or what was probably his rendition of a whisper because he was never any good at being quiet on purpose.  The gentle tap on his shoulder triggered every nerve and all the blood in his body, Tony’s two fingers dancing on the blade of his back. He ignored him, which he felt bad for, but at least the cursed hard-on was going away, if only Tony would stop touching him.
He texted Rhodey, unsure as to whether Tony and Natasha had made up and not wanting that to impact his plan. He asked Rhodey to send a text to Tony when he was ready, with some random but casual lure like “Hey I went up on your roof to smoke when I was over and now I can’t find my ID??? Can you go check for me?”
Steve laughed and peeled his drink away from him for the safety of both of them. “Yeah! You too!” Steve yelled back, earning a sloppy kiss from Bucky which must have been intended for his cheek but barely scraped his ear.
Holding him in the dark, he felt seen when he’d felt invisible the entire time. He wasn’t scared of anything anymore, he wasn’t scared that Tony was going to flake out on him, turn around and say he’d changed his mind. This was different. This was everything.
“Okay, slight problem.” Tony began, sighing and giving side eyes to pedestrians who walked too close to him. “I forgot that uhh… Gift, from my mom. I think I must’ve left it on the night table, I thought I packed it.”
“To mark the occasion, I have been given permission to award Tony – This.” He pulled out a gold coin from his pocket, virtually identical to the one Tony had shown him months before.
“What do you want me to say? You know I never have fun at those things anyway. I’ve really got stuff to do tonight, I can’t.” Smearing a damp cloth across the bar for the 500th time that night, void of anything else to do, he lifted up Bucky’s textbook as he did without his saying so, earning an irritated eyebrow-frown.
But Tony caught up with him, surely. Closing the door on Ty and everything else weird he felt in that room, looking onto the living room, filled with laughs and drinks held in the air, spilling over the rims. Nat, Thor and Bucky had ended up dancing in a weird lonely line, but they looked happy.
While he was waiting for his name to be called, he noticed a familiar voice beside him, one he hadn’t heard in a long time.
“I’m guessing she told you.” Steve looked at the ground like a dog that just got caught peeing on the carpet.
“Wait, seriously?” Steve immediately checked himself, remembering it was Tony he was dealing with. “Nah you’re messing with me.”
“Cool. Let’s go.” Tony declared, ignoring them and passing them all by. He would try to be careless, he could try all he wanted,
Tony chewed on his lip, glancing at his partner on the couch, accepting a hand that Ty held up, entangling his fingers in his for a moment before letting go with a shrug of his shoulders.
Steve had never stopped doing something so fast in his life. Spinning around towards the door as if he’d just been caught his hands don his pants although this was way,
From what their shadows said, it seemed like Ty tried to pull Tony down, for a kiss or maybe just a hug, but Tony wriggled away, easily, like he’d done it many times before. It was when they began whispering sensitive ‘love yous’ to one another that Steve decided he should probably walk out the door.
Tony was packing his clothes all night, excited and nervous, he could barely sleep. He’d clearly been waiting for a reason to escape too. And Steve began to hope he was more to Tony than just an escape.
He read it, over and over again, six words, two period marks, ingrained into the back of his brain, clicking around and filling the space over and over again like clockwork.
A few days had passed in complete silence. No one had heard anything, and everyone assumed the worst.
The last remnants of Summer had finally faded into new Autumn. Steve still didn’t know why Natasha and Clint decided to go camping just as the air got colder and the wind… windier. His invitation came in the form of a text from Tony to Bucky, which was unsettling and depressing.
The show had gained quite a big crowd, and opposing bands had to stand amongst them while their competitors performed, the lights low amongst the crowd below, enough people around so people could smoke weed without being spotted and thrown out by the staff.
Tony had mismatched red and blue socks, which were now floating beneath Ty’s chin, laying across Rhodey’s lap, taking claim to both of them.
He was glad he didn’t think he was strange. “Never get a chance to. Not my fault you’re the equivalent of small town famous.”
The city seemed awfully quiet, silence between like a thread pulling, wanting to break. And both of them knew that was the end of it. But Steve had one more secret, one he was begging and urging to say, looking at Tony, he knew he finally had a reason to keep going on.
Tony immediately jumped out of his seat, taking the coin from Rhodey with care, studying it carefully between the tips of his fingers. The funny thing about Tony, was that if that had been a Nobel Peace Prize, he wouldn’t look at it twice, it would end up in the bottom of a box of random junk in a storage cupboard never to be seen again. But this - Steve could see that Tony was struggling to come up with something witty to say at the sight of it.
“I don’t get it.” Bucky harrowed over Tony’s phone, looking back and forth at the text just like Tony had.
“I look like the monster that you would go to the swamp to murder because you’re this amazing, handsome knight and everyone would be really happy and fall I love with you ‘cause you killed the goblin. I’m the goblin.”
Tony paused. Stopping to think for a moment, which was unusual because most of the time it seemed like Tony either didn’t think at all before talking or that his brain operated like a faulty calculator that didn’t always give correct answers.
“Tony, you are the most… Amazingly fantastical person I’ve ever met. Definitely the smartest. It’s not that you’re a guy or… It’s just you. I just think you’re…” He couldn’t think of the most appropriate word to use, and one accidentally spilled out of his mouth. “Neat.”
He smirked in a monotonous tone, and then looked over to a plush seat in the corner of the room where a slender boy with dark brown curls sat alone, but not unhappily. Steve noticed that Tony was very forthright, maybe he just didn’t care about being too personal, or too impersonal, or he just didn’t know any better, his sarcasm did just as intended, make people uncomfortable or distracted them from what he was truly thinking - his eyes seemed to tell a different story to his lips.
Tony appeared, not moments after, laughing and obviously not afraid to stare at the large wet stain on Steves crotch as he was desperately rubbing it with a cloth, the first thing he said to him being
“Sorry Brian!” Tony mimicked back and laughed harder, grinning wide and bright at Steve to the point his tongue would peek through his teeth, and it made him feel so warm and so thankful that he would thought he would enjoy his new persona as The Most Infamous Pretzel Thief on this side of Shady Neighbourhood, NY ™.
They stood and stared for awhile, the cars skirting past in the night and faceless people walking around them like they were magnetised. It was weird, and scary, and kind of awkward, but in Tonys deep brown eyes, that had turned to pitch in the moonlight, Steve had felt something in his gut that was unlike anything familiar to him. Unlike how he felt when he first saw Tony, when he confused and thrilled, now, there was that, and the undeniable uncertainty that this may be the beginning of something he’d never truly expected, and that he didn’t know what he was bargaining for, but he was grateful for the chance - for the unpredictable.
Bucky chewed on it for a little. Steve saw Tony rooting through his own bag out of the corner of his eye.
“Ty.” Steve clenched his jaw, more annoyed at his presence than anything. “Man, you know you shouldn’t be here. Just go.” Speaking in a level tone, trying to calm down from the scare and wanting to get out and to Tony as soon as possible. “Tony’s not here, and even if he was, he doesn’t want to see you, you know that.”
Steve wanted to replay the moment over and over again, the feeling of finally being acknowledged as not just someone, but someone else’s. He was grateful to be Tony’s and for Tony to be his.
Steve looked at him like he’d said something appalling, although he didn’t mean to. “No? It’s an achievement, right? Like if you won a spelling bee... Or something, I don’t know.”
He pulled up his backpack that was resting beside his chair, reaching into it and pulling out a thick leather book. Tony recognised it immediately. He could pick it out from the first time he saw it.
Sharon looked at her phone and gasped to herself. “Oh I’ve got class, I gotta go. It was nice talking to you, Steve.” She said thoughtfully, pulling her backpack strap over her shoulder and readying her coffee cup in her hand like she was ready for battle. “Nice to meet you.” She smiled at Tony before hasting off.
“Oh! Man! That’s Tony Stark! Don’t worry, he’s not dating her, I don’t even think he swings that way anyway!”
“Seriously, I don’t know who you are, have we met?” Tony squinted up at Steve like he was trying to make him out. Adorable, so cute in an annoying way it made him want to tear himself limb from limb. Steve laughed, nervously, unsure if he was allowed.
Coincidentally he also sucked at small talk and social chatter so after he watched Bucky delve into the horrendous depths of cheering and the sound of
As Steve reached for the door handle, Ty kicked it with his foot, Steve turned, he saw a baseball-bat, he heard Only You (And You Alone) by The Platters, and a horrible pain on the back of his head as he hit the floor.
Steve also helped Tony bleach part of his hair, just a strand at the front that he was planning on dyeing blue another rainy day, and in the process accidentally wiped some on his own sideburn, bleaching a small part of his already blonde hair. It took a while for Tony to explain that it didn’t just ‘come off’ and he would have to wait for it to grow it out and cut it off.
“Last year I OD’d. When I was in the hospital, they found that I had an infected lung. Pneumonia. From drugs.” Some cars on the street below begun honking, loudly, the breeze blowing through them. “So, I woke up in the hospital, three days later, with a hole in my chest. Because I was dying and nobody knew, so they just did the surgery.”
“Okay. Okay. This is orange juice, Kool Aid, blue Monster, a dash of lemonade and I threw a lime in there too so it looks fancy.”
Squeezing through a mound of couples making out and grinding into the people behind them trying to talk, the corridor to the bathroom was far too narrow and he imagined there would be a very long line to get in, the downstairs bathroom being a prime location for having drunk mediocre sex and tactical throw-ups.
Natasha and Bucky were talking, and laughing, waving sparklers around and pretending to point them at one another, it caught Tony’s eye.
Steve sighed long, and hard, it didn’t seem real that Tony was stood there in his briefs, smiling at him and touching him. He’d lost his train of thought in his fingertips.
It hadn’t turned out like anything he’d wanted but then again nothing had. It wasn’t some grand and glorious display of affections and admission of feelings and fireworks going off in the background – No. Admittedly, it had been a heat of the moment, messy,
He wrestled with his own persistent imagination and belligerent morals for a good while until his boner went away for him.
Steve was thankful that Bucky thought he was thinking about his interests, and not his own. And was even more thankful about that second piece of information, the warm pang of relief in his stomach suggested.
He wondered, desperately, how he could tell Tony how much he wanted to kiss him. Or hold him. Whatever he would allow.
They waited until Steve’s co-worker Jared could cover his shift so he could take a break – Sitting outside the alley behind the bar so Bucky could smoke (something he’d taken up for some reason he didn’t want to go into), and Steve wouldn’t have to worry about strangers walking by listening to him attempt to come out to his best friend. Buck was crouched by a tin trash can, shielding himself from the cold, Steve pacing back and forth slowly and crushing long burned out cigarette butts beneath his feet on the concrete. Too worried to even think about the cold.
“Oh, well.” Tony began, resting his hand on top of Bucky’s bed post, leaning against it, like he was trying to stand his own ground, affirm himself in a comfortable position with enough distance away from Steve who stood awkwardly in the middle of the tiny bedroom. “I was in town, shopping, grabbing lunch and whatever, I broke up with Ty, saw a really adorable dog –“
“Well maybe you didn’t know him as well as you thought you did. I sure didn’t.” Tony stood up again, agitated and unsatisfied, implying he wanted Bucky to leave.
are the cause of this sudden change in temperament.” Throwing his cigarette into the fire, holding his palms up to the yellow flame after to replace the lack of heat at his fingers.
“Nah, I’m okay. Full up on burgers from earlier. And uhh, I’m sure Bruce wanted to have a word with you about that sausage you gave him.”
“Th- that was awe- awesome, Stevie.” Trying to catch his breath another time. Letting go of Steves hand as they stumbled onto a new road with a different story and a different set of rules they could break together.
The end, it was Tony, of course, a sunset, or a fire, Tony couldn’t tell, around his beaming face, it was different somehow to the others, Tony stood out amongst all the colour, the red and the orange, the burning yellow.
Throwing a muted curse down at the floor, his feet picked themselves up. Because he wouldn’t leave Tony alone, running away wasn’t an option.
After Steve got up, thankfully, boner-less, got dressed, brushed his teeth, exercised his regular boring routine and wound up back on his bed, Bucky had either decided to start talking to him or was just speaking aloud to himself.
” Tonys whispered into his chest, aggressive, but playful above anything else. He didn’t know what the fuck he was doing.
But the Steve he knew was strong, the Steve he thought he knew was brave. He wouldn’t just ditch him without a word, like a coward.
He told himself he was, because of how much he really wanted to knock Ty out until he wasn’t so pretty anymore, so he wouldn’t be such an objective piece of human garbage.
The world is pretty scary right now and we all need a distraction even if it's a sad distraction, I know some of you will hate me for this ending but sadly I live for angst.
Tony looked between them both, vitriol has spun from his tongue and suddenly Steve noticed a small tear smudge at the corner of the eye. Which was the moment he took off down the stairs, not giving either of them any mind, any more.
He managed to pull Natasha aside, she was tipsy and very excited, but sharp enough to be immediately concerned when Steve wanted to speak to her personally - despite the most privacy they got being at the edge of the crowd against the wall with the dealers and wallflowers.
“Well, we aren’t together so what does it matter.” His voice became distant, his eyes roaming over open and proud couples as he sipped from his glass of water.
He’d been drawing mostly from memory for awhile, what he saw when he stood against the crowd and what he saw of Tonys hip and armpit, the lead singers ripped tights underneath her shorts and the bassists long dark fingers etc, it wasn’t a realistic drawing at all, but worked at keeping him content, he wouldn’t have known how to dance anyway.
“I told you big bear that I don’t like to be called that and…” Lifting the stick out of the fire, the sausage now resembled a long piece of charcoal rather than food. Tony blinked at it as if he couldn’t comprehend how he’d done it, and then at Steve, softly, although it was his fault for taking his attention away. “Yeah I think it’s done alright.”
Tony didn’t respond well to the ever so slight demand in Steve’s voice – causing him to almost recoil and stop eating completely, looking at Steve now, oh, he felt bad.
“Talk to me? What about?” Steve almost laughed; it was an incredulous situation. Was Ty spying on him? On him and Tony?
“It’s uhh… overwhelming.” He’d never seen her brow furrow with so much self-doubt before, he hadn’t ever really gotten a chance to know her even though he wanted to. Always fronting with confidence and propping up an impenetrable steel wall.
Steve thought about how good it would be right now to punch him closed fist, right on the nose, and watch him hit the ground. His fist tightened, but he wouldn’t do it. As easy as it would be, oh yeah, he could take Ty, for sure.
“Apparently so. Unfortunately Ty and I have an obligation to take care of eachother or something so...” He chewed the inside of his gum for a moment, scrapping the rest of his conversation and tilting his head towards Steve as if he’d just had an epiphany. “Um. I’m gonna go smoke, on the roof, wanna come?”
“No!” Tony snapped, harsh and fast almost tripping Steve up on his heels. He spun around, to face him, interrogate him even. His eyes were red and full of sorrow and regret, sending a sick feeling to the wound that was already in Steve’s stomach. “We shouldn’t have done that. We should have never crossed that line, not you and me.” The air between each word grew with intensity, each breath shakier in his throat. “That’s not me, I can’t be that person.”
“That’s what you said after you persuaded me to come on a double date with this girl you were chasing and her friend - remember the one with the giant mole on her nose - and then you ditched us and left me alone with her.”
A syringe of relief breathed into Steve’s chest. From finally having said it out loud, and the support of his friend. He always knew Bucky wasn’t anything like anyone else at school, or on the team, and he was sure that they would
Did you just take me off speaker? Well tell him I’ll call him Howard all I want it’s his name isn’t it? What’s he gonna do? I’m not there. Alright, alright I’m sorry I’ll stop... Oh are you sure
They fell asleep there, Tony’s head on his chest, messy hair entwined with a coupe stray leaves and dirt, the two of them barely clothed under a make-shift blanket made out of shirts, sweaters and pants.  It was the most contenting, and destructive thing he’d ever done.
He let himself believe it was happening, Tony was really in his arms, grabbing his cheeks like Steve was giving him the air to breathe.
He jumped up, as if nothing had happened, that that moment had been a screenshot in a series of insignificant images to be swiped away because it didn’t matter to him.
Tony’s lips parted as if he were about to say something, but stopped himself. Like he was about to make a snide remark or sarcastic comment out of habit and realised it wasn’t the time.
He placed himself in front of the table, leaning his back against it gently - one, so he looked more relaxed and two, because he didn’t want this girl who was obviously much cooler than him think he was Buckys weird friend who drew strangers in bars.
“I told him I’d take it last night so he could give it a whirl you know and now I feel bad but I don’t have time.”
Steve paused, feeling as though his words, the slight shake of his hand might betray him at any moment.
“Oh hey... Ty...” He looked over the blond standing outside the door, he was muscular but still lean, in gym attire but Steve knew they hadn’t exactly been exercising in the traditional sense. “I came to drop something off, I thought nobody was home.” A translucent lie, but it was better than ‘I heard someone getting railed and ran away’.
The tents were arranged in a circle within a rather dry yet tall forest just outside of town, a few bumps in the dirt and under grown trees putting more distance between a few of them, everybody’s bags and crates of beers rested against an oak east of the make shift camp they’d forged.
In the library, Steve and Bucky were attempting to study. It was the area on the second floor where moderate noise and chatter was acceptable as per study groups and people who just wanted to hook up pretending like they actually want to sit and read through a calculus textbook together. The second floor of the library was also the only floor with bright red walls that made it impossible for him to concentrate, as if that wasn’t hard enough already.
Steve had no idea, feeling very bad all of a sudden as his friends began cheering and clapping, Tony removing his arm from his shoulder and smiling at them all with raised brows, he was ever so slightly tense, Steve could feel it, and put all his own feelings about himself aside to place a hand on Tony’s leg.
“My ex girlfriend. Her name is Sharon. She’s nice, more than nice, I guess, it just didn’t work out...”
“This fire is terrible. If it weren’t for Clint whizzing that flashlight around like we’re at a very low-budget rave we wouldn’t be able to see shit.” Tony sighed as a matter of fact, pulling his jacket tighter around him with his spare hand. “At least he hasn’t started singing yet. That’s a bonus.”
“So who’s the guy?” Bucky smiled, reassuringly, giving Steve’s shoulder a tough pat before he pulled away. Somehow it just made him feel worse, reminding him of everything once again.
The relative guilt had quickly changed to panic as the lock began clicking again inside, knowing they’d be caught snooping and invading their friends privacy.
the things he was saying about me in the bathroom since you were so keen to wait outside.” Pointing his finger as he walked and talked, keeping clear of all eye contact, purposefully trying to miss Steve’s faultiness attempting to breach through him.
“In case you’re wondering we don’t do that to everybody!” Rhodey yelled into the mic as he was putting away his guitar.
“Okay then. Come here. We’ll play a game.” Tony scooted across the wall, his hip touching Steves, he had to grip onto the edge for support, maybe the shock from Tony touching him might knock him backwards and fall down eight floors, it was cold.
“No, why would I be angry?” Tony answered with a bitter sarcasm. Steve didn’t need to see his face and it made his teeth ache.
It was upbeat, guitar, not exactly what he thought would be Tony’s style. A hopeful beat. Maybe Tony wanted Steve to hear the lyrics or just share a song together like a scene in a movie (or that was what
) the satisfaction, following in Tonys path towards the exit, he’d dealt with worse than all this. Probably.
Knowing he was the only one who could see Tonys rage, his hidden sense of heartbreak - Maybe that was egotistical, his friends knew him longer than he had, but he knew Tony had let him see
Hi readers! This is a shorter chapter as I haven't posted in a while (as you probably know) and I need to ease myself back into writing before I start dishing out big beefy chapters but I hope you enjoyed this one regardless! I hope you are all staying safe in the current state of the world and know I will be posting updates to all my fics more frequently because I've currently got nothing but time :,).
Steve wondered if that was really how Tony saw him, and himself. Because if that was Tony’s analogy, then it would make Steve the hero of the story, the peak of human perfection protagonist who wards off Tony, the misunderstood, despicable monster that hides from the world in shame. But that wasn’t true at all, at least not in Steve’s eyes. Tony had his flaws, his past, but that didn’t take away from the fact that Steve had been hopelessly crushing over a boy in a committed relationship and hoped to God it would end so he might have the chance of being able to kiss him without it being awkward and feeling guilty.
Tony emerged from the fire exit door, dressed in a large hoodie and pyjama pants, some slide on shoes and Steve had never thought he looked more adorable.
He wore a navy-blue shirt that matched the sky that night. A few stars decided to make an appearance, maybe they knew, the city was usually too bright with artificial lights to see any of them.
“Okay. Here’s the thing. Lately I’ve realised some things about myself, and it’s driving me insane.” Pausing in case his friend wanted to interject, or ask a question – he didn’t, just looked up at him with passive eyes, not too eager to listen but not bored or annoyed. It was comforting. “I… I like guys? Or
“Ah, I’ll keep that in mind.” He said with slightly too much grovel in his voice, it wasn’t meant for Tony, not really, he had an undeniable way of being able to tease and prod and tire and somehow still manage to lure you in, crave to be adored by him yet he was far from sycophantic. Attention-seeking however? maybe. “Tony, can I ask you something?”
Tony wore a placid and fidgety smile behind sunken eyes, as if Steve’s presence was relieving and discomforting at once. He knew that because he felt similarly.
“Coming.” Rhodey and Clint had both said in unison, and as they left Steve alone on the leather couch, amidst their chattering he could overhear Tony and Ty’s conversation from the other couch.
Steve was pulled into Tony’s embrace, his lips and everything he wanted to offer and Steve would accept all of it. The hours that went by as they explored one another, every nook and every cranny until they exhausted themselves, and the rest was history.
“Uh… Yeah, sure, what’s up?” Looking up from his phone and proceeding to shove it  into his pocket. Implying he was ready to listen. He was good at listening when he knew it was going to be something serious.
“Right. Of course.” His hands were as shaky as the words leaving his mouth, moving up the length of Tonys chest so he could slip open the buttons leading down from his collarbones. Each one exposing more of Tonys chest, by the fourth button, Tony shivered at Steves touch, letting out a playful giggle, bumps rising on his skin.
When he finally caught up to him, Tony bent over and shallow against a tall wired fence, hunched over and gasping for air, he was met with the greatest surprise and greatest reward he could have wanted, Tonys acknowledgment. Even if it was just him straightening his back and staring Steve in the eye, questioning and confused, glistening in a worried
Steve wasn’t sure of what to say. Or do. All of his senses probably stopped ‘sensing’ as his brain failed to communicate with the rest of his body,
“You told him and not me?” Rhodey interjected, still standing at the centre of the room between them all and directing his own glare at Tony, interrupting him once he tried to answer. “No, actually, I’m getting distracted from what we’re really here for. As most of you already know, today is a special anniversary.”
When Tony grabbed his drink once again, pulling it over to him he made a shaky recovery as he sat himself on the floor, spilling some over onto Steves knee. Leaving a dark patch in his jeans,
“Oh, hi.” He smiled, quickly as he could, avoiding looking at Tony as he approached him, leaning on the wall next to him. He offered Steve a cigarette to which he politely declined before lighting his own. “Set was good tonight.”
He swivelled suddenly, gracefully - Tony was fun to watch, no matter what he was doing, he didn’t know if that was creepy but he had a way of making every movement, every word, every look exciting. It could be the unpredictability of him, maybe he wanted everyone around him to be on their toes in his presence, after all, the worst thing you can be, is boring.
“Wait,” It must’ve cut through him like a knife, one he didn’t deserve to bare. “Don’t you wanna wait and see if you won?”
“She looks cool tonight, right?” Bucky asked from beside him, and he realised it was the first time he registered him all night, one thing was on his mind and it certainly wasn’t how Natasha looked.
He decided to interrupt whatever bout of surprise or shock that was about to come from his friend. “But it’s just a crush. I mean, we slept together bu-“
He found him in a reclusive, open topped den. A pool lined with rocks and reeves, glimmering in the moonlight cascading through the space above, trees opening up to give them even a little bit of light. Tony was stood, looking into a small pond that came off from the larger pool, dammed by rocks and filled with moss and some odd shaped lily pads.
“But then you might not have gotten this grant.” He smiled. “Yeah, I, uh… I think I understand that now. Thank you, Sharon. Really.”
“No, actually. Bruce told me. Slipped out in conversation, didn’t know me and Natasha were a thing. I haven’t spoke to her, and she’s not the type to text first.”
“Okay.” He let out a breath, like a relief. “Okay, if you’re serious… Let’s do it.” He held Tony in his lap, held his hands like he wouldn’t have needed to travel the world because he had it right in his arms, but he’d go anywhere if Tony asked him to. Happily.
“Oh, hi.” Steve smiled back, a little surprised at her presence and how overall calm she was about seeing him.
The door opened, and Tonys head whipped around almost instantly, the small indication of fondness on his lips changed to a grin with the flick of a switch.
, but this was uncharted territory. Like seriously, there’s so much freaking porn but sometimes it requires a certain level of specificity to actually get you going. Otherwise you just end up thinking about how that woman’s surgery made her nipples look weird and wondering how they got in that position, or that this mom who’s supposedly fucking her stepson looks about 20 years old.
In the beginning, this was never possible. In the beginning, Tony was unreachable, godly, and yet he was here, allowing Steve to pull the sweater over his head and kiss every inch of his neck, to his chest. Kisses littering the trail down the path of Tony’s scar, past it all the way to his stomach.
He stopped on the sidewalk, facing the road, his hand gently on the tip of Tony’s elbow, bony, even wrapped in Steve’s jacket. So, Tony stopped with him, looking as confused at the sudden touch as Steve was at having made it.
Steve checked his watch as he made his way out into the living room, he was way on time, if he left now, he’d be able to make it to the bus station and –
“Well you aren’t Rhodey’s keys.” He said softly without an ounce of sarcasm in his voice, looking around the little lights dotted around the roof as he walked across the concrete.
For some inexplicable reason, perhaps something psychological, it was warmer with him by the water than it was before. If it had been cold, he didn’t notice, the entire forest could be ablaze and he wouldn’t notice, fixated on Tony uncurling from the floor and sprouting up to meet his eyes, looking up, of course.
Anyways - Steve thought that this particular night, he’d bring Tony flowers, because that’s what you do for people who perform right? You bring them flowers as a way of saying ‘I’m proud of you!’ - wait, that’s too forward, more like ‘you’re a star and I admire you!’ - sure, whatever. Steve kept telling himself it wasn’t a romantic gesture at all and he was just being nice, after all, most of the gigs didn’t require a ticket and they relied from profits from the bar sales that night.
The tone had changed, it became more difficult to hear Tonys voice through the door, he wasn’t yelling anymore, the fire in his voice depleted almost instantly into a crippling charred bundle of sticks.
“Well. It seems that… It doesn’t seem like, actually, it is, that – um. Ever since you… kissed me. I haven’t been able to stop thinking about it, no matter what I do. It’s kinda becoming a real problem for me. But it was the first time I’ve really felt…
“So, this is a thing?” James Rhodes looked at Tony with a raised brow, and Steve didn’t know if he was teasing or concerned. “I mean… You ‘coulda just announced it on Instagram or Facebook like a normal couple.”
“Well…” Bucky began, shifting in his seat and putting his beer on the coffee table. Trying to gain the attention of everyone in the room, and by his demeanour perhaps he wanted the drunk college kids in the rest of the bar to listen to what he was about to say. “I guess now’s as good a time as any.”
Steve tugged on the fabric around Tony’s arm, gently pulling the shirt over his head. “You. I just like looking at you.”
“Right. Well. Uh.” Sitting up on the edge of his bed, back to the window for the first time in days.  “I need to own up to something.” Steve let out a big sigh to prepare himself for what he was about to say.
While everyone proceeded to get more drunk and progressively louder, sitting or slumped around the living room - they were attempting to play various party games that people had brought. Only some of them actually involved drinking, like this card game where you have to take a shot every time you fail at doing a task or choose who has to take a shot if you succeed. Steve only got chosen twice, and they must’ve all known Tony well enough that they never chose him, even though he was drinking shots of grenadine syrup.
. She looked at him with a mixture of worry and frustration, devising her own plan, all the while Steve felt as though he might be sick. What would Tony think of him?
Natasha steered away from Bucky at the last moment to talk to Bruce, who keenly looked away from his phone to chat with her. Steve was glad to have someone rescue him from this impossible awkwardness.
Steve almost jumped when a voice spoke behind him, piercing through him over the dull music in the speakers and general loud chatter. He turned around swiftly and saw -
“Steven.” Tony had his back to him, while Steve had done his best to press his own back as close to the wall as possible, but there was still some inevitable touching. In his half-sleep state Tony’s quiet and croaky voice didn’t immediately register to him, among other things.
Bucky gave Steve an anxious yet reaffirming smile before left, shutting the door behind him and for the first time that week it shut on a Steve that felt somewhat content.
Rhodey wrapped his free arm around Tonys shoulders, he looked at him fondly, closely, almost protectively. Not that he looked
Everything was new, every feeling, touch, whimper, as he lowered Tony down onto his back, their lips still attached as though desperate for life he noticed that it was the most comfortable he’d ever felt.
“Wow… What an honour.” Tony joked, wiping away fake tears to coax a few laughs from his friends. “I’d like to thank… None of you. As being with you, horrible people, makes me wish that I was back in rehab, eating mashed potatoes every single day and going to bed at 8pm.”
And although he loved the noise that came with Tony, he was glad when he was able to join the band and Tony’s friends in the lounge away from everyone else and not be asked if he was gay by random girls with nose piercings. The last time he was here with everyone, Tony was sat with Ty, but on this night, Tony walked into the room holding Steve’s hand, bracing him and himself for what everyone would say while equally not giving a single toasted shit.
He thought about it. Telling Bucky what was really wrong – the initial intense questioning of his sexuality and self to the awful and detrimental crush to sleeping with and subsequently being dumped by the crush he’d spent months yearning after to seemingly no end. Even after Tony’s rejection it was still impossible to get him out his head, possibly worse so. Because they’d done it, and it was great (at least he’d thought so) – after they just lied together and talked until they fell asleep, but over night it was like someone flipped a switch inside Tony.
In the humid of the apartment, he could feel Tonys breath on his skin, on his lips, it was hot, his lips were parted - so plump and pink. Steve knew he was staring, but it was okay.
“They grow up so fast.” Tony said through an over-exaggerated sigh, watching Thor give the sausage on a stick to Bruce who was slumped up against his tent, causing it to fold into itself. He began throwing small twigs into the flame as he turned around, a free hand placed between the space separating Steve and himself.
I have recently started uni in england, which is why updates are taking so long along with a lot of mental health problems and generally being overworked etc, I'm so sorry and I'll try and make a schedule and upload more frequently.
“Hm, me too.” Tonys eyes glimmered in delight when Steve accepted, but he tried not to act as if it was anything special, Tony probably would’ve asked the nearest person so he wouldn’t have to be alone, right? “Okay, but you know I don’t smoke right?” He asked as Tony slipped on his shoes and began walking to the door.
What Steve loved the most, really, was learning new things about Tony every day. There was something so endearing about his quiet days, when he just wanted to read and create, floating off into his own little world of wires and spanners and robots, sitting on his living room floor, singing to himself in a jokey-deep voice and asking Steve to lift heavy things for him without admitting it was because he couldn’t. On those cold afternoons Steve could just sit there and draw the view from Tony’s apartment, and his lips and eyes and the way his hands looked while he was fiddling around with a motherboard, red and green wire wrapped around his fingers delicately.
“Um, these are my only clothes dumbass. What, did you think, I was gonna go back on a challenge? You’re talking to the wrong man.”
“We are here tonight to celebrate Mr Tony Stark. The one and only, the man, the myth, the chaotic, queer mess – for one year of sobriety.”
“Ha-ha. Well I just hope he realises it soon. Or he already has, and he’s just so damn stubborn he won’t give in.”
“Yeah and how’d you gather that from her tongue in your mouth?” He looked as though he regretted it as soon as he said it, an out of character, annoyed and subconscious thought that had somehow managed to spill out of his mouth and make Steve feel even worse. “’Sorry.” He muttered.
Objectively, Tony had very small feet, compared to his at least. and then Ty bit his toe, so he looked away.
Steve pointed a long finger towards the slender boy picking at a red bass guitar. Dressed a little more moderately with a much calmer demeanour than the rest of the best, maybe he was just concentrating.
“Why wouldn’t it be?” He sighed, screwing the cloth up into a loose ball and dropping it by the sink beneath the bar. “I’ve been normal. Just because I don’t wanna go to some stupid party and drink cheap beer with people who don’t really like me doesn’t mean anything is wrong.”
He knocked on the door first, Bucky stood behind him. His friend must’ve known he was nervous too, wrapping an arm around his shoulder after he knocked on the door.
“I’m kidding, of course… Uhm. Who ‘woulda thought? Me, being straight edge. I mean, I don’t smoke, I don’t get high, I don’t drink. Who am I anymore? I don’t even know why you guys wanna hang out with me I’m so… boring.” He drifted off into a laugh.
“It’s just… It’s not like him.” Bucky gave Tony his phone back, not that he wanted to look at it anymore either.
“Wait,” He held onto her arm loosely as she turned back towards the crowd. “Shouldn’t I tell him myself? I was the one who was actually there, he would believe it then, right?”
“Hey, it’s not like you’re going forever right? Hell, maybe next time I see you you’ll be living on a ranch with ten horses and Tony to wrangle. Shouldn’t be so bad, right?”
Every second waiting seemed like an hour, he paced back and forth making sure the tiny tea candles he’d lit on the brick wall hadn’t gone out, using a red lighter with ‘AHHHH’ carved into it that Tony left in his room. He should have given it back but it made him smile so he kept it in his drawer.
“Right. Yeah.” Replied Tony with an air of apathy in his voice, looking to the hallway wall that hung a picture of the host and his parents. “Anyway, I’ve gotta go find Bruce, last I saw him he was drinking tequila like coke. And we all know how that story ends.” Sliding through the suddenly tiny seeming gap between Steve and wall, a casual smile and the shrug of his shoulders up at him like he didn’t care. He didn’t care at all, did he.
Then, with blood in his ears, his heart thumping with the speakers, no noise, just an oppressive clanging of drums rooted deep in his chest, he knew he was never going to betray Tony, even if it hurt him, even if it scalded him.
Tony stopped like the wind had pushed him back. “I don’t know.” Throwing his head over his shoulder one more time. “How will you know if I’m telling the truth?” And with one more flash of his signature, mysterious smile, Tony turned and left into the stairwell.
“It’s fine, I took philosophy 101 for a semester so now I’m extra insightful.” She laughed a little, looking down at the table. “So, who are you seeing?”
All of their friends had, ultimately, unfollowed Ty after the incident. But Steve (using the self-told excuse that he
“Yeah! He was at the party too but he was with his boyfriend or somethin’ the whole time! I didn’t really get to speak to him!” Bucky was shoved closer to him by the bumping crowd, causing his lips to press against his ear for a brief moment and making him shiver. “She told me he left home to go live with him, he’s - You know that guy who owns that big science company?! It’s called Stark!”
“I... One time, I made a pros and cons list, it was full of probabilities and calculations and it was for the possibility of me killing myself.” He swallowed, Steve stayed quiet. “One of the cons was that my mom would be sad. But... I tore it up, purely because I couldn’t figure out whether my dad would be happy or sad that I was gone and whether either of those scenarios was a pro or a con.”
“Well as long as you’re happy.” Maybe it was the way he said it, maybe it was because the room was deafeningly quiet and they both shared the same silence under the same blanket because the pause was rupturing, awkward and terrible, although Tony was smiling after he said it – he was looking at his lips again – that’s why. “Uh- ahem- So what’s this song you desperately need to show me at…” He looked at Tony’s phone, reading upside down, from that angle he also saw his upside-down lock-screen which was a picture of him and Rhodey. “-9:42am.”
He thought about how Tony reacted, and wondered whether his grin as he shouted along with Natasha and thrashed on the drums was just a façade like the last time he’d heard some news. Had he ruined it? Had his attempt to keep moving forward into the future been a fatal mistake, was this all for nothing?
“The truth game? Why, do you think I’m hiding something?” Their hands flattened next to one another’s over their own make-shift blankets on the floor, sprawled out and never touching. Steve glanced down to see Tony’s fingers wiggle at the suggestion.
“I think he’d be good for her.” Tony was different, that night, gentler, quieter. Tony didn’t often keep his thoughts to himself, often stating them as fact, undoubtable – but he seemed to talk as though he didn’t want Steve or anyone to believe what he was saying, in a way that he could be talking to himself,  not needing to impress anyone. Steve found himself looking at him rather than the couple in question.
- he glanced over at Tony, who had been pulled onto Ty’s lap and was having his neck attacked by his lips.
Figuring he might have to spend the rest of the night looking for Tony, he was unfortunately pleasantly surprised to see him sat on the pavement against the wall of the bar, knees clutched to his chest and wielding a cigarette.
The most tedious part about watching porn was finding an actual video to watch. He wasn’t picky, not really, he was still a
Until they pulled one another into a hug. A real tight hug, old friends saying their goodbyes, neither of them knowing when they’d meet again.
Steve had never been with a boy, he thought about it, a lot, especially since he met Tony, he wasn’t just nice to look at, he was interesting too, his charisma, how he was slightly annoying and a teeny bit rude. But he knew Tony was inaccessible and that was fine, he knew he would probably never have the courage to be with a boy especially when his teammates were the peak of testosterone and steroid induced toxic masculinity, but that was fine.
“You’ve got Natasha now, I’m sure she’ll take care of you. Or whip you into shape.” Steve smiled back.
“Hopefully you didn’t accidentally knife someone having a late-night stroll. You know, Buck, you’ve never actually told me why else you like her. I mean, you throw knives and drink beer when you’re alone anyway.”
Spinning on his heels, Steve tried to make speed back down the hallway, hearing the click of the front door opening and small voices, and then -
Bucky had been out a lot recently, too, not always telling Steve where, not that he had too, but still, his room and his phone felt emptier and emptier. Maybe Natasha had told him what happened, maybe he just decided he didn’t want to be around him anymore, which at this point, wouldn’t be surprising. Recently, people around him had a tendency of leaving.
Steve resentfully followed his Bucky to the edge of the crowd, pulling his back closer to his neck, feeling out of place and too warm in his blue sweater, compared to the black shorts and chains and ripped tees adorned by the majority.
“He’d probably like to know you think that… I think she’d be good for him too.” From his perspective, Nat and Bucky’s bodies were just above the flames, as if they were burning from the bottom up. If they were to look at him and Tony, they would probably see the same thing, or maybe they’d be encased in it.
“Well thank you.” Then he pointed to Steves fist with the end of his cigarette. “Who are they for? Promise I won’t tell.”
“She always keeps everyone at a… blades distance, you know? But I see her really opening up to him. Maybe they can help each other, she’s… she’s had it rough..”
Tony was looking at him. He was. As he turned, back towards the sunken woods and Tony’s stout, fragile figure. Of course, Tony didn’t allow them to make eye contact for long, folding his arms and walking into the woods without saying a word to his friends.
Attempting not to cause too much of a scene, although Bruce and Rhodey has somehow ended up laying over one another anyway, the thumping guitar drowning out snores and burps - Steve guided Ty to him and Tonys
Once Steve explained the story to Natasha, and she pulled away, standing back on her high heeled boots, her face was enough to tell him she wasn’t surprised at all, that this must’ve happened before. Instead of shock and rage, she just looked tired and annoyed.
“Thank you.” Steve choked out, his expression stoic as he wished for Tony to pull his hand away. When he did, it was graceful, delicate, despite his palms being covered in blisters and his fingers full of bruises.
Steve then realised that Bucky only knows one guy who’s openly queer and dating another guy and begrudgingly realised his mistake. Internally cursing his sudden need to talk about his feelings or something.
Steve winced, he’d been talking as the band changed songs, suddenly startled as the short redhead began shouting into the mic.
Blinking as the door opened in a flash, to a grinning Tony. He was more dressed down than usual, no makeup on his eyes or barely there black clothing, just a regular button down with some differentiating swirls and spirals over it - he was just as pleasing to look at.
“Yeah, exactly.” Bucky exhaled, swivelling around in his chair with his cereal in his lap. “I told Tony I’d bring over this crazy Korean drink I found for the after party tonight - tastes just like his trash cocktail.”
He wondered why he was still stood in the doorway, why Tony was still holding the door open with his hand, until he reached out, sliding his fingers in the collar of Steves shirt, it was blue, not too fancy, he nearly trembled when the tip of Tonys pointer finger grazed the skin of his neck in the process.
He had nothing else on his mind though, he could put aside Ty’s possible (and maybe imminent) ass kicking for Tony.
There was a brown welcome mat outside that read ‘NICE UNDERWEAR’ in big black letters. If he wasn’t so tense he might’ve laughed.
He expected her to just keep walking with her coffee, instead she stopped beside him, letting another tired student pass by her after receiving their iced-whatever from the equally tired barista.
Bucky gave him an obvious glare, to which Steve shrugged, ignorantly, all though he knew what he was about to ask.
Jumping into the couch between Ty and Rhodey, who had a bowl of popcorn, diving his hand into it with as much ease as a hammer.
you think I don’t notice how little you shower lately. Someone needed to tell you. I’m your friend.”
Tony paused, staring at him like he’d said something wrong. His eyes were still just as big and brown and his lashes just as thick and curled towards him without all the accents, and they crinkled with lovely lines beneath them when he smiled suddenly.
“I know so. I think you’re both scared but you really like each other so just… go for it. Sorry, I’m really in no position to be giving you advice right now.”
Tony was pale, his chest rising up and down out of his clothes like he was trying really hard to breathe, to keep something inside that was trying to crawl out of him. Steve felt himself doing the same thing, scratching and burning at his throat, tingling in his fingers was the urge to just reach out and... hold him.
Steve sat between Natasha and Rhodey, who gave him surprisingly welcoming smiles - that didn’t stop him from feeling completely out of place. From his clothes to just... everything about him, these weren’t the kind of people he usually had to spend time with, he was used to douchey incestuous jock clones (apart from Bucky), so in actual fact, it was refreshing.
His smile didn’t falter, he didn’t even flinch or move away, he just gently shrugged his shoulders and looked in his eyes through thick curled lashes.
“I really don’t like rock music.” He said suddenly. And then smiled, and Tony smiled back. And then they didn’t stop.
But despite everything, nothing made him happier than seeing him perform. The first time he ever saw Tony he was at this same bar, smashing his sticks on his drums making noise, he was always making noise. Yet, above everything, he was proud, proud to see him thrive, glowing in the darkest and dimmest pub lights, proud that he got to hold him at night when no one else in this dingy place did.
“Hey, it’s not like I grabbed you by your wrists and pulled you all the way here against your will, if it weren’t for me you would’ve been sitting in your dorm alone with your pencils for friends, you know, like a loser.”
Steve smiled happily at Tony; whose smile was mostly indifferent. “I already knew.” Tony sighed in a smug tone and kissed Steve’s cheek, as if to make up for it.
“I’ve known him since elementary school. He was my best friend, like hardcore best friends. One time in seventh grade we cut our hands and smushed them together to show we were connected - my dad went nuts. We didn’t really talk when I left for college but he does business, and we needed someone to help with the band if we were gonna be serious. Things were just... different than before.”
Natasha had her own tent, as did Clint. Thor and Bruce decided to share although Bruce seemed as though he’d rather have his own space. Tony and Rhodey shared a fairly big tent, and of course, Bucky and Steve were forced to squeeze into a tiny, fairy-sized tent they borrowed from someone in their dorm. Thankfully they wouldn’t spend most of their time inside, as they all sat around a very measly fire arguing about the best way to make a fire, while Clint played indie-folk music from his wireless speaker, but as people began to get more drunk and more high it somehow transitioned into some intense screamy-techno noise that he found hard to see any appeal.
Steve thought, last time he’d seen Tony was the party, and the last time before that was when he abandoned him in the middle of the woods. Neither had been pleasant. So why now? Why would he seek him out?
Tony interrupted his own outro on his set, and before Steve was given the chance to applaud or cheer or shout he was pulled forward, Tony’s arms thrown over his shoulders, drumsticks still in his hands and tapping the back of Steve’s head as Tony hit him with a hard kiss.
“I can tell...” The back of Tonys hand was warm, and he knew that because it was brushing against the back of his own. “Can I ask you something?”
“I - I just don’t know how anyone could put up with that. This obviously isn’t the first time he’s done this and I -“
He thought Tony would laugh, or tell him that wasn’t possible, or say something about how he felt bad or how he didn’t feel bad and that was stupid, he expected him to look at him like he was wrong, but he didn’t.
“Kids these days.” Steve tried to joke, enjoying Tony in the warmth, enjoying how quietly thoughtful he was.
Tony took the sketchbook from him, he had no energy to even muster a thank you even if he wanted to, and he didn’t. He wasn’t feeling thankful at all.
“And the other nights?” Tony then smirked, and raised an eyebrow towards Steve, the blonds mouth fell open, feeling as though he’d been caught doing some terrible heinous act. “I’ve seen you around, shame you never try and talk.”
He flicked onto the next page, and it was Tony, again, sitting naturally, focus on his hands. The next page, another drawing of Tony, and the next one had another.
“Me and Tony were just talking about uh… Him and Ty.” He cleared his throat, nervously. He could hear Tony shouting now, his voice was always serious when he did but he was almost always joking.
“I don’t care about sports at all. I hate it. But I feel guilty about it, because I know there’s so many people who would want what I got.”
Several hours passed each and every day with Steve Rogers staring out of his window watching the trees shed their leaves and their orange and brown spines being crunched beneath students passing by with no idea that he was looking down at them. He didn’t go out. He didn’t want to draw, or read, didn’t want to partake in any childish games the guys were executing in his dorm.
“Hi...” Steve cleared his throat after he spoke. Tony wobbled back and forth on his heels and looked around.
“We’re getting there. You know, we have a lot more in common than you think.” He leaned in as if he needed to be quiet, but the music must’ve muted him to the others anyway, glancing over to her and Bruce, having a less enthusiastic conversation seemingly. “What’s that you’re drinking? That’s a disaster cocktail.”
“Pleeeeeease? You don’t have to stay and talk to him?” That sounded like an okay enough plan. In and out, clean and simple. A lot less dirty than that sounds.
Rolling over was more difficult than it should’ve been, trying to rotate onto his side without being about to stretch his arms or legs or he might touch Tony and he didn’t want to do
“You know I’m surprised you’re not a vocalist or something, considering how much you love the sound of your own voice.”
When Tony came back, holding two blue drinks, he kneeled beside Steves chair, which made him abundantly smaller than he was compared to himself standing up.
Just as he suspected, he couldn’t see anyone inside, the TV was on a music channel, playing the classics, Frankie Valli and Louie Armstrong (he approved), he made a mental note to turn it off as he left, heading straight for the bedroom as not to waste any time. He grabbed the velvet box, and although he was tempted to peek inside, he didn’t.
So yeah, maybe Ty and Tony had some weird Blood Brothers shit going on, but Ty was taking advantage of it, and if you’re going to use a symbol of unity and trust that’s supposed to last for a lifetime, don’t cut the palm of your hand. Because it will fade.
