The vague image and shading of Dowling’s hands reflected on the metal table as he lifted them, and then dropped them again. “I dunno. I just—She wasn’t making sense. Or, she wasn’t at the time. I got home from work Friday night, and she was pissed at me. I tried to figure out what I did, but she said she didn’t trust me. She said she didn’t think I was
Dean had no idea what the hell Cas was planning on, because Dean’s only method of escape was to jump off the balcony.
“Apologies if you’re uncomfortable,” Cas deadpanned, lifting his shoulders to the best of his ability in his restraints.
Dean then appeared next to him, a grin spread across his face as he looked at the children.  Castiel cast his gaze behind Dean, looking for any sign of the waiter.  He sighed, relieved, to find him missing.
He backed up in the parking lot, and then pulled onto the parkway, both hands gripping the steering wheel.  He thought, maybe, there were a lot of things he could hold on to as long as he used both hands.
The three of them started back down the path towards the farm stand, Jack going before them with an excited kind of spring in his step. Dean held the pumpkin a little tighter so it wouldn’t slip. As they walked, Cas put his arm around the small of Dean’s back, his hand coming to rest on Dean’s hip. Dean didn’t look over at him, but he did cozy up to Cas’ side so that their bodies brushed together with every step until they reached the door.
It was Cas who answered. His food was still uneaten, but he had taken a sip of his beer. “I didn’t detect any signs of demonic possession.”
He drew away slightly, daring to look at Dean, to try to determine whether or not Dean understood what he was trying to say.
The worry was clear in her tone, but only if one knew her well.  Dean shook his head as Jo took her cloth and stepped away.  “Nah.  I managed to get a shot off that woman’s shoulder before she ran.  She’ll need to tend to it.  And the rest of ‘em are dead, so she’ll need more men to regroup.  That’ll take time.  They gotta figure we’ll have the kid long gone by then.”
It’s not like they needed a label.  This wasn’t high school. But it’d still be nice to have some kind of category that wasn’t
Castiel rushed back to the trunk filled with blankets.  He wrapped one around his shoulder and bundled another one against his chest.  He took it toward the stairs and beat the flames with it.  They lessened enough for him to smother with the blanket before rushing down the stairs.
It stole Dean’s breath. His pulse stuttered and his throat convulsed. His gaze flew upward, stunned. Slowly, he leaned back, eyes moving wildly around Cas’ face. He thought he’d just imagined that—because it couldn’t be true. No one had ever loved him. He wasn’t built for that. His blood ran too hot; his hands were too calloused.
The gravestone wasn’t one that had been meticulously taken care of. The rounded top of it was weather-beaten and crumbling. A fault splintered down the middle. Moss was crawling up the sides and dirt was making the flint blotchy. The words carved into the stone had faded with time, and Dean had to squint a little bit to see the name.
He was beginning to feel a little lightheaded with it all. He honestly wasn’t certain if he was speaking the words tumbling through his mind—about how much he loved Dean, and how he’d missed him, and how he’ll never want anyone else for the rest of his life. But Dean was letting out happy, laughing sounds, and at one point he eked out, “You’re
Dean didn’t understand it.  “Is that how you’re going to act at your trial?  Because, believe me, they’ll convict you before you even walk in the door.”
Raphael turned his head slightly to the side in question. “Is that so? And what led you to this belief?”
He knew some people who would probably disagree with that on principle—namely, the group of protestors grouped together, and supervised by a few uniformed cops so they didn't get too rowdy, on the sidewalk that he'd driven past on his way in.  Dean hoped Charlie wasn't in the cluster, because it wasn't exactly like his car was inconspicuous.  But he told himself it was okay, because he wasn't there to spend money.  He was there to see Cas.
But still, something needled at the back of Sam’s head, telling him that wasn’t the reason Dean was acting so weird all of sudden. He just didn’t know what else it could be.
Before he knew what was happening, she slid up against his side and rested her cheek on his shoulder.  Her arm slung itself across his stomach. He froze, not sure what to do. His heart rate sped up, and he wondered if she could hear it with her ear pressed against him.
Dean leaned back, his knees spreading a little more to get comfortable and his arm going up to hook around the back of Cas’ chair.  He told himself this was allowed, because it was just a chair, after all. His fingers brushed against the place between Cas’ shoulders when he sat back against the touch, but it was okay.  It didn’t mean anything. They were all just really cramped together at the table.
He realized he was still staring when the buzzer blared.  He jumped slightly, and looked back at the court.  The players were running to the sidelines, breathy and sweaty, and the cheerleaders were rushing out, pumping their arms up over their heads and waving their pompoms.  The glitter on the bows in the girls' ponytails sparkled in the lights and their mini-skirts jounced as they moved.  The boys' were wearing sleeveless shirts to show off their chiseled arms.
“I don’t think it’s your kind of party,” Jo quipped even though her mouth was full again. She probably couldn’t resist.
“I love you,” Castiel told him, voice unsteady, chest too small for all the emotion within it. Dean’s breath hitched. Castiel kissed his cheek, his jaw, his temple. “I love you. I love you.” There was nothing else to say.
Cas sucked in a choppy breath and nodded, still smiling. His tears weren’t born of sadness, and Dean didn’t know why he looked so damn happy when all Dean could feel was agony. This was the worst night Dean had had in a long time.
Dean drank his beer and shot Lee a look out of the corner of his eye.  Lee glanced back, seeming pretty damn amused by his discomfort. Dean didn’t know why he’d been expecting empathy.
, Dean reminded himself.  They couldn't do too much damage.  He'd see them coming a mile away.  He could beat them.
When he understood what Cas meant, Dean felt his expression soften in wonder.  His lips parted dumbly, and the thought hit him:
“Well, I figure it out, you’ll be the first to know,” he said, giving Cas’ hand a squeeze. It was more of a promise to himself than to Cas. Because Cas deserved better, and Dean wanted to be better—better than whoever Dean Wesson was. He wasn’t going to keep any secrets from Cas. Especially not after how long Cas waited for him.
They went to eat at Benny’s before heading back to Dean’s apartment for the night.  Through the entire dinner and drive over, Dean could still feel Cas’ hands burning into his skin.  The phantom touch of Cas’ mouth against his was searing.
But, apparently, Dean hadn’t been waiting for a response. He pulled out a rolled cigarette and a matchbook from his pocket. He fit it between his lips, striking the match. The end burned orange in the night.
There was a commotion in the parking lot, right around where the Impala was.  The groups of people passing stood on their toes to see what was going on or threw weird looks in the general vicinity, but mostly just walked to where they needed to be.  But Dean was walking right to it.
He got on the floor and laid on top of Dean. Dean abandoned his efforts in favor of grabbing Castiel’s shoulders and yanking him down to crash their mouths together. Though, he must have gotten one leg free, because he wrapped them around Castiel’s hips. His heels dug into Castiel’s lower back to drag him in closer.
“Yeah, that’s because there’s less planes than there are cars! If there was as many planes as cars, there’d prob’ly be just as many fucking accidents in the sky!”
Dean can’t actually cry right now, he doesn’t have the energy for it, but his eyes leak and his nose runs regardless. He stops trying to wake up and look at anything and just feels, at all the points where Cas is touching him. This obviously isn’t real but he wants to absorb it anyway, because who knows if he’ll ever get the chance to hallucinate this again and right now… it’s just. It’s so nice. Dean will cling to any scraps he can still get. He didn’t even wash his jacket. Actually he wrapped it up in plastic and hid it in a box in his closet, so that nothing could happen to the handprint that soaked in on the shoulder.
Crowley’s name isn’t actually Crowley, but everyone calls him that because for one thing he’s seriously a fucking demon and a couple of the guys have seen way too many episodes of
“I’m not sure it isn’t,” Cas says, frowning a little. “Sometimes, at least, it’s probably different. And I frequently don’t have enough experience to draw from to differentiate between emotions. I maintain what I said. I learned how to love by watching you.”
“There’s so much at my job that’s cruel and unusual already, what’s one more thing?” she says sarcastically.
“Hello, Anna. I’m currently sitting on a bench in my underwear, can it possibly wait for another half hour?”
But Castiel’s sense of time passing has been altered by Dean, perhaps permanently. Having spent so long on Earth, continuously no less, he’s semi-adjusted to the human view of it. His chronological perception has ground to a screeching halt by comparison to his brethren.
not what Dean wanted to hear. “We’ve got Cas and Future-Cas, now. Cas is trying to open Purgatory, apparently, for whatever good that’ll do him. Future-Cas wants to stop him and will probably go to whatever lengths necessary to do it. They’re both massively dangerous to pretty much everything in existence by that logic, so we need to put an end to this whole mess one way or the other.”
“Great, Cas. Because nothing ever tries to kill either of you anyway just in day-to-day life, right? This is gonna seriously bite you in the ass.”
“Uh. Okay. So I got you some stuff to wear, because I figure you prob’ly don’t wanna be borrowing my underpants, but we are gonna have to go clothes shopping for real pretty soon because you’ve only got enough for like three days before you’ll need to do laundry. I also got you your own laptop.”
“Anyone ever tell you you’re whipped?” Gabriel snorts, then grabs him by the shoulder and flies them again.
“No, Cas. No we’re not. Because after I eat, I’m taking a god damn shower, and then I need a nap. You can wander around and do whatever the hell it is you do while I’m out.”
“Not by choice. Naomi had performed… a procedure. It seems very likely that she did it a number of times. I was effectively an oversized marionette and she had my strings in her hands. You were protecting a valuable angelic artifact that she desired in her bid for power, and she only let you live that long because it was secured in a box that was warded against angels. I couldn’t open it and get it for her. Afterwards I was supposed to take it from you and bring it to her in Heaven, but fortunately you’re very intelligent and understood that something was wrong. This culminated in her trying to kill you through me.”
with it.” Cas’ expression gets a little softer again after that. “We’re your family and we love you. You’re a much better parent to Jack than John ever was to you.”
Anna picks up on the second ring. “Injury or nursing shift?” is how she greets him, well-versed in this circus routine by now.
had to see! You got me outta Hell and I got you outta the Empty, so you just need to quit hiding in here and wake up!”
Cas immediately becomes conflicted. Dean sleeps terribly and most likely won’t appreciate being disturbed, but Cas is hungry and needs to use the bathroom. Ultimately it’s beyond his control because a nurse appears.
Is he… is he fucking for real right now? First of all, how does he even know about that, it ain’t like Future-Cas was gonna be stripping in front of them. And second of all, what the fuck. Seriously. Dean pulls his phone outta his pocket and pokes around until he finds the picture he took of the feather before it vanished, then holds it up long enough for Cas to see before stuffing it back into his pants.
His fingers tangled in Dean’s hair, pulling his head in closer to encourage him to keep going as he massaged Dean’s scalp. Dean nibbled at his collarbone, licked a line down the center of Castiel’s chest. When he felt the graze of Dean’s teeth against his nipple, his breath tripped. His cock twitched, some blood rushing down towards it.
“Yes, Dean,” Cas told him, but he was slow about it. He dragged out his fingers unhurriedly, and Dean moaned against his chest in a mixture of frustration and pleasure.
“You, too.”  They waited until Dean was gone, the two of them standing on opposite sides of the room and looking at each other.  Castiel heard Dean’s footsteps receding down the boardwalk outside, until the sounds of them were indistinguishable from the others.  Kelly was biting back a teasing smile.  She said, “You two are good together.”
He heard Sam sniff in sharply before facing forward again and blinking rapidly. “It’s okay. We’ll—we’ll keep on trying.”
When Cas first woke, there was a brief moment of calm. It was just another morning, any other morning. The sun was already high, coming through the window, but he knew it was Saturday. No work, nowhere to be, and Jack got to have Halloween on a weekend—
Dean glared at him for another long moment before dropping his arm and turning away in a huff.  Cas let out a breath and holstered his gun, too.
a girl. Cas had basically just confirmed it. Dean wondered who she was, when Cas had met her. He wondered why Cas had never mentioned her before, especially to him.
He turned to the door, and wished he didn’t have to go to the party.  He didn’t know if he could stomach it.
His arm stretched out to the side, scrambling for something to grab hold of. Something he could use as a weapon.
He watched as, suddenly, she stepped into the silver light.  Her blonde hair was illuminated in it, and she turned around to face him.
Castiel got to his feet, dusting himself off. “I won’t keep you,” he said, not looking at Dean fully before turning around.
Of course, Dean was still a boorish human being, but he took great care in his work. He went above and beyond. That demonstrated a certain compassionate quality that Castiel wouldn’t soon forget.
Before either of them could consider it further, Dean’s cheerful voice came from the hallway. “Okay, soup’s on!” He came into the room, a dish towel thrown over his shoulder and an apron tied around his waist. Sam couldn’t help but laugh a little bit at the sight.
Sam joined in with him, their voices overlapping, “‘I’m gonna shove that leaf blower up your asses!’”
"Yeah, Cas, no offense, but last time you found something like this, you didn't exactly share with the class," Dean butt in, not caring how harsh it sounded.  "We're all in this together now, so I'm coming.  That's final."
They arrived at Missouri’s house without any further incident. Dean had taken the long way and circled the block a number of times, just to make sure they hadn’t been followed, before pulling up to the curb outside Missouri’s home.
“Fuck, Sam,” Dean said in a harsh whisper, and hung up. He looked like he’d decided something, and then he looked like he was going to get up. Castiel held his arm out flimsily against Dean’s chest to stop him. If Dean wanted to, he could have easily removed it. But he didn’t.
Dean kissed him, gently at first, slow and lazy and still waking up.  He enjoyed it, the easy slide of their lips, the push and pull; the way Cas’ tongue felt against his; the smacking noises it made and the short sounds coming out of Cas’ throat.  He put his hands under Cas’ shirt and dragged them up his back, hooking them around his shoulders. One of Cas’ hands was on Dean’s thigh, kneading it gently, as the other still lay stretched out under them.
Benny picked up the pan, flipping the eggs in the air. “Well, I didn’t say that,” he said, piquing Dean’s interest. Benny considered, “He’s… an odd duck, I’ll give you that. But he knows all our names.”
Dean turned away, already walking, but Castiel was momentarily distracted by a stinging, gritty feeling on his palm. He held it up to his face, and in the dim light, he could make out the shimmering of tiny crystals, like salt. He glanced back at the windowsill, and found more of it scattered there. He had no earthly idea how something like that happened.
She picked herself up from the wall. A duster was hanging from her hand, and she brandished it at him. “You better watch your attitude, Wesson. One of these days, somebody’s gonna kick your ass.”
He licked his lips, and slid his arms out in front of him on the table, leaning in.  "Okay," he said, still unsure, but he didn't know how to get out of this or even if he wanted to.  "Rule's are simple.  I ask you a question, you answer honestly.  Then you ask me one and I answer you.  And you keep going until we both ask twenty-one questions."  He held up his finger and pointedly added, "
Cas stayed silent, his eyes still on Jack.  Only, now they seemed mournful.  Sam understood that.  He tried not to think about it—what would happen when they reached Waco.  Or the fact that they’d be traveling back to Lawrence without the baby, if all went according to plan.  And that was good.  Jack belonged with his family.  He deserved a life with his grandparents, since he was robbed of one with his mother.
“Uh,” Meg said.  Clearly, she hadn’t been expecting this, but she held her own.  “Well, I’m not really into pharmaceuticals like my dad, so I’m not really sure if you’ll catch me working at the hospital any time soon.  That’s kind of my brother’s gig. I’m majoring in communications.”
Before, he hadn’t had time to consider the implications of his plan, but now he did.  He closed his eyes again.  The only thing he saw behind them was orange and red reflecting off the clouds in the night sky.  He’d thought they’d been clouds, anyway, when he was a teenager.  It’d been smoke.
He should have seen this coming.  It had been glaringly obvious, really.  Dean hated the Novaks. Castiel was a Novak.  It was only a matter of time until that bias caught up to them and it seemed, here and now, on the dewy lawn of a sorority party on the last day of Junior year, was that time.
“Or maybe,” Lucifer said like he’d just reconsidered, “the girl won’t be needed, after all.”  Castiel watched as he slowly raised his palm to shoulder-level.  The man in white steadied his arm, waiting for the signal to shoot.
things more intensely. I always have. But I just thought that was because… because of how I feel about you.”
And what the hell was that supposed to mean? Dean was experiencing that weird, dizzy, breathless feeling again. “Why not?”
He looked around to where Cas was curled up on his bed above the covers. He was in his nicest suit: a navy double breasted waistcoat and white cravat, a tailcoat, immaculately pressed trousers, shoes polished so well that Dean was pretty sure he could see his reflection in them. Cas’ hair was even tamed of its usual wild waves and curls.
“No, uh—yeah,” he amended. He had to go through with it. It was his only shot. He looked at Benny, forcing calm. “All set.”
He stood up, mentally preparing himself for his conversation with Dean. He nodded sternly down at Sam. “I’ll… go speak to him.”
He puckered his lips, trying not to let on that she’d bested him.  “That’s it.  You’re riding in the carriage.”
The sun was white-hot in the cloudless blue when Dean walked outside the back door of the dormitories.  He had to shield his eyes with his hand until they could adjust to the light.  In the near distance and high above, two vultures were wheeling through the sky.  The stage was in the drive, all three horses already harnessed in.  Sam was standing in front of the open carriage door, Jack in his arms.  Dean pointedly didn’t look at the child.
“How was Boston?” Castiel asked, sitting up against the headboard and adjusting the blanket around him.
And he didn’t want to hook his arm into Daphne’s and stroll around the gardens, because Dean was there. Castiel didn’t know why that mattered, but it did. Dean had clocked them the moment they stepped outside. Castiel noticed his eyes scanning Daphne up and down, likely attracted to her. Castiel couldn’t fault him.
Something cold and steely slid around Dean’s gut.  He told himself that he was just reading into things.  There was no way she could be suggesting what his mind had immediately jumped to.  “Don’t know what you’re talking about,” he said into the rim of his glass before taking a long pull.
"That sounds like a very nice memory," Castiel told him.  He wondered what his own mother might have sung to him while he slept.
“Where is he?” he called, using all his willpower to keep his voice from shaking.  The family remained unmoving.
Again, Cas didn’t say anything for a long time.  But when he did speak, he said, “Let me know when you and Sam are ready to move forward.”
Except, he didn’t have parents anymore, and they’d both died a lot more horribly than that—one of them twice.
“I’m serious,” Balthazar kept on. “What happened to the two of us being bachelors forever? Gabriel’s already abandoned that notion! Now I’m to accept you have, too?”
The fire in the hearth was too hot now.  Dean felt dizzy under the temperature.  He could hear the flames hissing.
When Lucifer started walking again, he rounded the fire and approached Castiel.  Castiel tensed, pressing Jack in closer and taking a step back.  He heard the metal scrape of several guns’ hammers being pulled back in unison, and he quickly froze.
Castiel looked back at him neutrally, his lips pressed into a line. He nodded. “It’s fine,” he said, voice rough like gravel.
It kind of hurt, because Cas wanted to make sure everything was in place so he couldn’t back out before talking to Dean, so he couldn’t be convinced to stay.  Dean had been ignoring the hurt; but, now that he was looking at the guy, it crept up on him. A lump was forming in his throat. “Why?” he managed to rasp out.
Somehow, the conversation turned to his childhood, and he got to tell her a little bit about the places he lived when his dad was still in the Marines.
Tonight. Damnit. Dean never expected dancing with Cas would become the least of his worries. This was probably a sign he should call the whole thing off.
Maybe Dean deserved that.  But Cas didn't have the full picture.  Hell, maybe Meg didn't, either.  They probably had no idea who was really behind all this.
“Oh, and I saw you put in a lunch appointment on Wednesday,” Dean remembered.  It was just a two-hour block that said
“We’ve all waited for this day,” Lucifer said after a long pause.  His voice was low, but the rest of the room was totally silent, everyone straining to hear his words.  He continued, “We’ve fought for it—for this chance, to bring my son home to us.”
“Do something!” Castiel yelled. “Call for a doctor!” It had been an accident. Zachariah hadn’t meant to shoot Dean. If Castiel hadn’t startled him… No. It was all Castiel’s fault…
“Dean, wait!” Cas called behind him.  He felt Cas’ hand latch onto his shoulder, finger digging in, so they wouldn’t lose each other.  Dean kept pushing, ignoring the complaints of the people around him as well as the way his entire nervous system had narrowed to where Cas’ hand was placed on his body.  Eventually, they got two rows deep, which was good enough. Dean just hoped, when a train did roll in, the doors would stop in front of where he was standing, or else all of that would have been for nothing.
She breathed out, and looked away.  “You’re probably going to think I’m crazy, but—First let me say this: both me and Brendon grew up around here.  I knew him since pre-k. We even went to the same college.” Her mouth lifted a little in memory, and then it flickered away.  “And, for as long as I’ve known him, weird things always happened around him.”
“It’s in the side compartment,” Castiel told him, hoping to hurry him up.  He knew he was running low on petroleum jelly, but they should have enough to get through the night.  He’d just have to order more tomorrow.
When Castiel looked at him, all he saw was Michael, both inside and out. His face was at once so familiar and so unrecognizable, as if he were viewing him through a mirror where every feature was flipped. And then there was the face underneath—beautiful and glorious—of God’s most holy son, of heaven’s most ferocious weapon. The face of wrath.
“Alright,” Dean said, finally averting his eyes to check the chamber. Satisfied, he told Balthazar, “Do me a favor and toss that.”
“Dean?  Dean, are you still there?  Dean!” Cas’ voice filtered back into his conscious, his tone becoming more frantic with each word.
Moving into the shadow of the manor only offered a slight relief. Dean pressed his back against the hard outer wall beneath Cas’ balcony and took a moment to breathe.
Dean wanted to tell him they would already be on the run—from him, from Chuck, and from everyone Chuck could hire. But Zachariah was right. This house seemed to swallow sound, but a gunshot coming from the foyer would be too loud. He’d be caught for sure.
"Buck up," she ordered, giving him a stern look to show him she meant business.  “I’m gonna get us some more alcohol.” She lifted the mostly empty plastic cup out of Castiel’s hand and flashed him a grin.  “Don’t go anywhere, cowboy.” She turned and pushed through the crowd, the lace of her dress visible from a distance until the people in the room closed in, and then she was gone.
The gnawing in Castiel’s gut had moved up to his throat.  He shared a look with Dean, and he could tell they were thinking the same thing.  Maybe Brendon Carlin wasn’t the doppelganger. Maybe it had been haunting him, and his death wasn’t an accident, after all.  Maybe, now that he was dead, the doppelganger was seeking out another victim. Whatever the case, all of this started with him.
Cas pressed their foreheads together and, with a roll of his hips, rocked home. Into Dean’s open-mouthed gasp, he said, “I love you too.”
“Forget what, Dean?” he sounded frustrated now, so close to losing his patience.  “I can’t forget anything if I don’t know what’s going—.”
It turned out that a ride on an airplane took a significant amount of effort. Castiel, Dean, and Sam left for the airport in Boston on Wednesday after Sam’s midterm was over. Dean seemed stressed over the idea of leaving the Impala in the “long term parking garage,” and it took them nearly a half hour for Dean to drive through the entire structure looking for a space that would ensure the car’s safety. None such thing existed, as the garage was practically full, and Sam eventually argued that they needed to hurry up or else they would miss their flight.
.”  Max shifted, turning his attention to Dean.  “Think you’ll be able to focus with someone like that as your boss?”
It had been about a week since their last phone call, when Dean had lied to him about when he was getting back to Lawrence.  He wanted to surprise Cas, but now he thought that was the worst idea anyone's ever had in the history of the world, including that time Napoleon tried to invade Russia in the winter (and he felt like a nerd for even knowing that, but it was a piece of trivia he'd picked up from Cas somewhere down the line).
When they closed the door behind them, Dean bent over to set Jack down on the blankets.  Jack made a soft sound of protest, and Castiel’s heart jumped thinking he’d start crying again.  Dean reacted by quickly picking him back up and holding him against his chest.  “Okay, then,” he muttered hopelessly.
He threaded through the cars to meet their opponents head on. He focused on his pounding heart, the adrenaline rushing through his veins; the anger and despair he’d tried so hard to push down for the last five years. He pushed it all into his fingertips, letting his magic build from a faint hum to a white-hot buzz.
Sam didn’t really catch John’s reaction to that, because a shocked burst of laughter came out of him. Across the table, Dean was choking on his food and beating his chest with his fist. His ears were bright red.
Water rushed over his ears.  He could hear the garbling of bubbles rising to the surface.  He hung suspended, arms floating above him, legs still beneath him, body sinking.  His lips parted, letting in the brackish, black water into his mouth.  His heartbeat was slowing, calming down.  He could hear the steady pulse of it, echoing around him like he was in a chamber.
Cas’ hands slowly left him, and Cas backed away.  Dean looked over his shoulder and saw Cas wipe his hand on his shirt.  And then he ran the back of his sleeve across his brow. His hairline was glistening.  Dean’s gaze dropped, and saw him still rocking a bulge.
Some kind of pressure welled up in Dean, building like the air before a rainstorm.  “Ah, nothing,” he said, looking back at the TV. “You think the bunker needs an outdoor grill?”
“Get that thing away from me,” he growled, holding his arm up in guard to push Dorothy away without touching her.
He pressed in, pecked Cas on the lips. Cas draped his arms over Dean’s shoulders and kissed him, too. Dean guided him down to the bed and rolled on top of him, staring down. Cas gazed back up, eyes sparkling now, luminous.
Cas nodded and took a bite of his vegetables.  “You should cook these kinds of things more often.  You’re clearly very good at it.”
They were back in the hall when he stuck his head out and moved down to the next door, and the next.  As he searched the upstairs, he could feel the adrenaline pulse through him more rapidly with every moment. His grace offered no aid.
Dean really liked waking up to Cas in his bed.  Lucky for him, that was starting to become most mornings.  And, if he was
Someone directed them to the second set of stairs at the back of the house, and they went up to wait on line for their turn.  When they finally got there, Dean took the round plastic sled and set it atop the slide. He sat at the back rim of it and glanced up at Castiel.
Dean allowed himself to exhale as he and Sam huddled together.  “All right, you stick here and help out,” he said.  “I’ll find the courthouse and let Cas know we’re in town.  Meet us there later.”
There was a beat, and then Dean glanced over again, a smirk on his mouth.  He was just bored.  Sam sighed, long-suffering.  Dean went back to humming.  Sam very nearly shot him, after all.
Not that Dean was complaining.  It just made it really hard not to try to think about grabbing him by the front of his shirt and kissing him, especially because Dean was a little buzzed and off-balanced himself.  But he thought, maybe, Cas wasn’t mad at him, after all. Maybe it was just all in his head and everything was normal.
Pushing that from his mind, he focused on the task at hand. They moved the body from the gurney to the oven drawer, and Dean stared down into her blank face once she was situated. She looked just like any other body. Pallid and unmoving. Normal. Dead.
His gut swam at the possibility of her rejecting the invitation.  Maybe she was happy with her life.  Maybe she hadn’t spared him a moment’s thought since their first meeting.
Castiel’s kneejerk reaction was to say no. His mouth was open, taking in a breath, primed for the response. But he couldn’t get the word past his lips. He sighed out the air in his lungs and slid into his car. When he put the keys in the ignition, the engine turned over. It wasn’t clicking.
Cas seemed pretty okay with it, too, from the way his eyes softened.  But he said, “I can’t let you uproot your life for me.”
“Sam, it’s too big,” Dean argued as Cas knelt down and pulled out the blade.  He handed it over.  “No way it’s gonna work.”
The outside of the house was a weird muddy green, chipped painted on wood that was either old or waterlogged or both. There was a small section under the stilts that acted as a mudroom and a TV room. The rest of the house was on the upper lever. A kitchen and a dining room. A hallway with a tiny green bathroom and two bedrooms. They’d already taken the tour.
Dean’s enthusiasm waned. He hadn’t thought of that. He guessed he really didn’t have the element of surprise anymore. But it didn’t matter. He’d find a way to make her help.
Castiel let it slide. He continued on with his task until he heard the front door creak open. Momentarily, there was the sound of footsteps. Dean came into the kitchen, a brown paper bag clutched to his chest.
“No, I meant . . .” Castiel looked back at the children.  What if something had happened to them? What if Dean hadn’t gotten there in time?  “Thank you for saving Jack.”
But there was a prayer on his lips each time he trudged through the woods to the garden. Faith that one day he’d arrive and Dean would be waiting for him. Or perhaps, if Castiel sat long enough, he would hear a rustling of leaves, and Dean would appear through the trees. The sunlight and warmth would follow him in. He would sit between Castiel’s knees, and Castiel would thread his fingers through his hair, and the last three months would be forgotten like a dream.
At twenty-three seconds, he’d had enough.  He kicked his legs out and ripped his mouth away from the plastic.  Beer wet his cheeks, went into his nose, and got into his eyes before it was turned off.  He was lowered slowly to the ground and he felt the beer and bile rising back up his throat.  He choked it down, fighting the pressure in his stomach. He would not vomit, especially not in front of all these people—and Dean.  He still had his dignity.
Cas was staring at him, and how anyone could look pissed off, concerned, and perplexed all at the same time, Dean had no idea. The fading light of the sun was playing off his cheeks in reds and fiery orange, and the other side of him was shadowed and grayed out.  “What?”
Claire’s light was still on inside, her door cracked. Cas rapped his knuckles on the wood, pushing it open just fractionally. Claire was propped up against her headboard, a large tome open as it rested on her pajama-clad knees.
She let out a whooping cheer of victory, and it made pain spike in his head.  He winced. She didn’t seem to notice, though. She reached for his phone, and he didn’t bother telling her the pass code.  She had it unlocked in about five seconds, anyway.
“But I gotta know, Charlie,” he said, forcing himself to look at her. “Whatever it is, I have to know who he was—
When Sam let him go, Dean pulled his phone out of his pocket and checked the time.  “Alright, I better get going. Cas—
She turned briefly, and for a second it looked like she might take him up on the offer.  But then she let out a breath and said, "No.  Thanks.  I'll be right back."
Dean probably should have been used to the fact that his boyfriend was from Mars or Jupiter or whatever by now.  “Yeah, you make them in the toaster.”
Dean stammered a little, trying to backtrack.  “No, I mean—it’s just. You guys have been going out, right?  Have you even kissed her yet?”
He rapped his knuckles against the wood, and he wasn’t quite sure why. Maybe it was muscle memory. It’d be decades since he’d had to knock on Dean’s door before entering, because it was Castiel’s door, too. But not here. This space had always belonged solely to Dean.
The realtor looked down at her clipboard. “Seventeen-hundred a month, plus utilities. And, as you saw inside, it’s fully furnished.”
A slow chill rolled up his spine as he paced to the first door and opened it.  Its rusted hinges protested. “Hello? Little girl?” As expected, there wasn’t an answer.  He stood still inside the empty bedroom. There weren’t any nooks and crannies in which she could hide.  There wasn’t even a closet. Except for the paltry furniture, the room was bare. The only thing he could think of was checking under the bed, but she wasn’t there, either.
Years later, when Kate was an old woman being interviewed about the event, she laughed it off and said it was silly. But Kate was known to lie or omit things if they painted her and Doc in a bad light. So, did it actually happen? Did I basically write this entire fic just to tell this one highly specific story in the notes? Who knows! But, either way, that's the legend of that one time Doc Holliday brought a knife to a gun fight and won.
or whatever in the morning, I’ll kick your asses.” He pointed sternly at Jo. “That goes double for you.”
Dean’s hands were on his back now, rucking up the bottom of his shirt so he could drag his palms up and down Castiel’s bare spine.  Castiel felt himself getting hard under Dean’s touch, and his body automatically pressed down onto Dean. It dragged a moan from Dean’s throat that rumbled into Castiel’s mouth, and Castiel felt Dean was half-hard in his boxers, too.
Michael placed his hat back on his head, and smiled.  It was an ugly, brilliant smile.  "Have a prosperous year, Dean."
Castiel didn't glance back as he continued his search.  "Possibly, but we don't have time to look through them."
“Alright, you’re free to go,” she told Castiel, practically flicking his ID back at him like it was scum. Apparently, there was something she and Dean had in common. “Since it’s your birthday and all.” Castiel doubted that was really the reason.
Dean rolled his eyes to bite back his half-smile.  Okay, so he was a catch. It wasn’t the first time he got a date off his looks alone.  It wasn’t like that had to boost his confidence or anything.
For the moment, he needed to get to the courthouse.  His stomach was in knots at the thought of seeing Cas again, because he was still pissed at him for leaving.  He was fairly sure Cas was still angry for letting him go, too.  And there was a pretty good chance this reunion would end in a fistfight.  Dean was fine with that—just as long as he got to see Cas again.
Dean put his money on the table.  He still felt jittery, and he didn't know why he said it; but, haltingly, he added, "But, you know—thanks.  For—you know.  Not ditching me just now to hang out with her."
Shrugging, Dean tried not to seem disappointed. “I dunno, Cas. Missing souls kinda sounds like a big deal. Might be an all hands on deck job.”
When he’d first arrived at work, Nora had given him a basic run-down of the store—the secured items behind the counter and where the keys were, what types of items were in each aisle, how to clean the inside glass of the refrigerator section, how to put the instant coffee grounds into the industrial coffee makers, and so on. When the first few customers of his shift came in, Nora taught him how to work the cash register. He’d been nervous when the candy-jerky woman walked in and Nora told him to ring her up by himself, but he knew now it was without reason.
“Look, can we do this another time?  He just woke up,” Sam asked her, his voice patient to the untrained ear.  Dean heard the protectiveness undercutting it, and he was glad for it. He was way too tired to fight Billie himself, and he definitely didn’t want to answer any questions.
Another pause, and then Henriksen hummed in satisfaction.  “I’ll be damned—that’s delicious,” he said, mouth sounding full.
.  He couldn’t leave Cas standing there waiting on his own.  Cas read off, “An Infiniti Q50. I have no idea what that is.  I assume it’s some kind of car.”
While Cas was distracted pouring his granola, Dean pounced.  He grabbed the bottom of Cas' shirt and shoved the ice pack up in the general area of the super-bruise.  Cas yelped from the cold.  "Dean!"
“Ready?” Castiel asked him.  Dean looked down, the Christmas lights reflecting off his eyes.  Something panicked and unsure passed across his face, but then he steeled himself.
“Really? Already?” Zach didn’t wait for an answer before waving it away. “Well, it feels like he’s been muddying up the halls with his boots forever.” He said it a little too pointedly, his eyes falling to Dean’s shoes. And it wasn’t even like Dean could argue because there
Dean really wished he had his cell phone so he could call Sam to pick him up without Charlie knowing, after all. Hell, he even considered walking home at this point. But he knew he’d never be able to sleep at night without getting to the room at the end of the hall.
Meg’s house wasn’t too far from the club.  It was only a few miles, but it might as well have been the expanse of an ocean.  Castiel was dreading it.
There was a sudden rattling, startling whoosh, and Castiel found Dean on a moving ladder along the bookshelves. He’d pushed himself with all his might towards the opposite side, riding it like he was a child on a jungle jim. “Pretty awesome, huh?” he said when the ladder slowed, and he jumped off from the second rung. “I found some more boxes of this stuff down in the basement when I was turning on the electricity.”
“Long story,” Dean told her, overlooking it for now.  He looked back at Cas.  “Cas, this is Charlie.  You remember.”
.  The air was pressing in so tight, it was hard to breathe.  Dean thought back to every interaction he’d had with Cas over the past few days, thought about every time he’d seen Cas out by the swamp on the Nest Cam.  He tried to think if anything weird stood out, anything not quite right, not quite
He leaned back against Jack’s headboard, his legs crossed in front of him, ankles hanging off the end of the child-sized bed. Jack was pressed up against his side, his cheek on Castiel's shoulder. The room was dark but for the glow of the small lamp on the nightstand.
Dean looked between the two of them. “I’m not saying you gotta marry her.” Definitely not that. Dean didn’t even know that he’d been doing this if there was a possibility of
The corners of Dean’s lips quirked at that, and he guessed he hadn’t seen any of that coming, either.
Instead of asking, he turned back to Kelly’s door and began walking. The starless night followed on his heels.
But then he saw Cas, a few people ahead of him in the crowd, swivel around.  He squinted as he searched for something. The pinpricks of light outlined his profile—strong chin and angular nose and perfect lips—and cast his skin in a wash of color.  His gaze landed on Dean and stayed there.  A grin started in his eyes and spread across his cheeks.
Cas’ face fell. “You have a job, and you attend school. I have to fill my time somehow. Besides, if I want to be a functioning member of society, I need money.”
“Can I have two?” Jack asked, bouncing, and Castiel considered that the boy may actually be too smart for his own good.
When Sam left the bunker, he and Eileen only went back once or twice. He took Junior there once when he was a teenager, just so he knew it was there in case of emergency. But Sam never liked to linger in it for too long. It was too full of memory, of ghosts. Not the kind you could salt and burn either.
Late January always put him in a “mood”, as Sam called it. Dean knew he should be grateful. After all, he made it another year and lived to tell the tale. He guessed that was something.
Bobby leaned back in his chair.  “Well, figured you two knuckleheads would still be up there trying to figure out a way back down if I didn’t.”
His eyes moved down the rows of seats.  People were settling in, backpacks on some of their laps, others squeezing the water out of their hair and shaking it from their clothes.  Cas was toward the back, temple resting against the window, his reflection transparent in the streaked glass. His hair was in wild, hopeless waves as it dried, and he looked miserable.  He stared out blankly, blue eyes still. Dean stopped in his tracks, suddenly second-guessing himself.
a chance, you’re…” The words faded the further Dean walked down the hallway, until he couldn’t hear them at all.
“So, what?” Dean asked then, before Castiel could fully recover. “You just get your kicks out of scaring the hell out of your future bride?”
The parking lot was mostly empty now, all but for them and the straggler cars full of children or the elderly pulling onto the street.  From the spaces in the middle of the lot, Anael flung her door open and looked over the roof of her BMW.  She took off her oversized sunglasses, shrugged her arms out wildly, and yelled, "Are we going or what?  Some of us have a life to get back to!"
Castiel tried desperately to pat down his hair.  He pulled at his shirt in attempt to look like he hadn’t just been having sex in the next room.  His heart was rushing in his ears, hammering in his chest as if he’d just run a marathon, but not for the same reasons it had been just moments ago.
Dean didn’t waste another moment before shoving past Castiel and stalking out of the room.  Castiel turned, following after Dean as if pulled by an invisible thread. He couldn’t let him go.  He couldn’t.
The crowd was clapping and whistling for him, and Dean ran up and clapped him on the back.  “Good job, buddy!”
Dean fished into his pocket and pulled out the car keys, fiddling with them momentarily before finding the right one. He slid into the driver’s side, and Castiel fit into the passenger’s. And they just sat there, Dean’s hand on the steering wheel, Cas’ in his lap. There was silence. And the tree frogs. And the buzzing of mosquitoes. The moths, wings flapping, circling the streetlamps. The heat, ever present, like it had a life of its own that had burrowed inside of their flesh.
His fist tightened.  “I know,” he admitted, the words coming out breathily.  The air was getting thinner.  He lunged his knife forward until he hit the gentle resistance of flesh.  Meg gasped, her eyes going wide.
Dean blinked, taken aback once more. It was the damndest thing, but Castiel kept throwing curveballs at him and he was never prepared for them. He didn’t even think Castiel knew he was doing it. “It was my job.”
Still, Dean answered, “Yeah, that’s him.  Stayed with him for a few months until I found this place.  Since then, we’ve been living in the lap of luxury you see before you.”
He didn't bother parking straight outside the bar, and one wheel ended up on top of the curb.  His seatbelt was off before he even put it in park, and he left the door open, its warning ding barely audible over the screaming of Harvelle's smoke alarm, as he jumped out of the vehicle.
Sam still didn’t look happy about it, and he definitely wasn’t dropping the issue, but he allowed, “Okay.”
It was misty with rain outside, the weird kind where the fine droplets danced in the air instead of falling straight, where an umbrella wouldn’t do much good.  There was a little bit of a chill, too, which was pretty normal for nighttime in early spring—or, at least, it was normal for Dean.  He didn’t know what was normal in France. But, to be fair, he was about to go sleep with his boss, so who the hell was he to decide the rules of normalcy?
"Fine."  It was basically the truth, and even if it wasn't he could suck it up.  He needed to get off Michael's radar as soon as possible.  Everyone in that building worked for him.  Hell, the nurse standing in front of them, picking up the clipboard with his information on it, could have been another hit man for all he knew.  "Can I go home?"
“Cassie here is determined to remain an eternal bachelor,” Balthazar said in his uppity British accent.
"That's why Gabe and Anna jumped ship.  They saw the light and wanted to get the hell away.  Same with Mom."  Castiel looked up again, shocked that their mother had even been brought up.
Presently, he heard footsteps, and then the door was pushed open. He winced in the sudden onslaught of light. Nora stood in the doorway. Castiel breathed.
He’d been worried about looking disheveled just moments ago, and there was Dean—half-naked. Dean began to look over his shoulder, and Castiel instantly looked away to preserve Dean’s privacy.
He had way too much faith in her, and Dean hated it.  Maybe Cas just didn’t want anyone else in his life betraying him, and Dean got that.  He did. But it didn’t change the fact that this was
“I know, right?” Dean told her, looking back down at the photo on his phone in her hand.  She was perched on the edge of his desk. He wiggled his brow suggestively. “I wanted to see some naked French ladies.”
She made to close the door.  Ruby stepped forward, preventing it.  Mary’s head jolted back in surprise.  Her body tensed in what appeared to be preparation.
"Damn it," Castiel hissed.  They were out of time, and there was no way to escape.  He searched around wildly for a place for them to hide, but there was nothing.
"Dean," Sam said again, shuffling his stance a little.  "What happened to you?  You disappeared and no one could find you the whole night."
“You got it,” he said, already undoing the button of Cas’ fly.  He put his hands on Cas’ hips, and palmed off his pants at the same time as he dropped to his knees.  He only pushed them down to mid-thigh, Cas’ boxer-briefs still on and too snug, with a wet mark on the front.  Dean glanced up at him, just because he knew Cas would be looking back down at him with hyper-focus, eyes nearly glowing with intensity.
played on the TV, before deciding to head to the storage unit to check out Baby.  Because, if he couldn’t fix himself, he could at least fix his car—and it was kind of the same thing.  More than that, it was the better option.
The grass and rock crunched under his feet as he zigzagged through the trees and tombstones, his breath a few yards behind him. His fist around his angel blade was sore and tired, and he thought maybe—
He blinked open as the moon outside the thin curtains came out from behind a cloud. It provided some light, just enough for his eyes to adjust to stare at the ceiling. There was a crack in it—thin and toothed. A fracture split it in two, forking out in different directions and then converging again, as if trying to mesh back together, but never quite able to. The divide between them remained.
Dean was pressed against his back, breathing softly in his sleep.  His arms, which had held Castiel so tightly the night before, like a promise, had lessened their hold sometime in the night.  His chest rose and fell against Castiel’s spine.
“Of course,” the waiter said and went to fetch the bottle.  Bela brought her attention back to the table.
company.  Which was actually pretty lucky, because he had plans for after work.  Fun plans. And Cas would be gone for the shoot on Tuesday, so if his mood hadn’t broken by then, at least he’d be the great nation of France’s problem.  Everything was looking up!
After some time, Charlie drifted into the kitchen and stood beside him.  She picked up a dishtowel and started drying the pile of plates, pans, and utensils he was piling next to the sink.
They had just made it to their seats, and were sardined in with the masses—already cheering, already drunk, body paint already smudged—when Meg took out a bottle of vodka from under her jacket.  The seal had been broken, and it looked like a few sips had been taken from it, but it was mostly full. They had pregamed at their apartment before heading over, so Castiel was already pleasantly numb, and he blanched at her as she held the bottle up in her gloved hands.
Dean glanced over to the end of the aisle, and his tongue darted out to wet his lips, because he was suddenly way too parched.  It was at the exact wrong time, because Cas took that very moment to round the corner from the reception area, and his eyes immediately latched onto Dean’s.
He picked up his fork, about to dig in. He looked back up. “So, he’s slightly less of an asshole than he could have been, is what you’re saying?”
“No, and you aren’t gonna tell her,” Dean warned. “I’m surprised she didn’t fire my ass for what happened last time.”
Jack took hold of one of his fingers with a weak grip.  Castiel curled the rest of his fingers into his palm without even thinking, letting Jack do what he wanted.
At once, he was awake. His eyes opened to the absolute darkness. He felt beneath his pillow for his gun—and realized it was in his duffle at the foot of the bed. Cas was still asleep. Adrenaline clogged Dean’s throat.
Reeling himself back in, Castiel said, “I don’t understand this, Dean. Whatever’s in this house, it’s calling out to me.”
There were a few other people in the room, standing around with drinks in their hands or sitting on the furniture.  Dean was standing in front of the desk, having managed to find the one decoration in the house that proved a family once lived there.
He glanced up, and found Cas staring back at him, something unbelievably tender in his gaze that made all Dean’s frustrations melt away. His lips buzzed with the urge to lean forward and kiss him, and he belatedly realized he was looking at Cas’ mouth.
Dean smiled down at him. “Oh, yeah?” He nodded backward at the patch of snow next to the gravel lot. “Why don’t you show me your best snow angel, huh?”
"Son of a—," he hissed, throwing one arm over his eyes.  He blinked spots out of his vision.  His heart was slamming against his ribs now, and he had the irrational thought that this whole thing was some kind of sting operation and he was about to be arrested.  But nothing happened.
But then, distantly, something tickled Dean's nostrils, and he realized it was smoke.  Something was burning.  Pretty soon, everything would be burning.
Again, he could make up whatever he wanted to.  John would never know the difference. But what was the point of that?
Castiel furrowed his brows, looking at Sam. There was something excitable written on his face, a giddiness in his eyes. Dean whipped around. “The library?” he yelled, and then, “Oh, shit—right. It’s exam week. What day is it?”
The chair was on its side on the floor, one leg busted and the arms splintered.  The pieces of linen Dean had used for binding were discarded around it.  Dean’s eyes flashed to the bed.  Ruby had her six-shooter in her hands.  She pointed it at Dean’s head.
?” His eyes were flaring with heat, and it made Castiel look down at his lap. Only two things ever happened when people heard his name: they either became friendlier or they never wanted to talk to him again. He’d hoped Dean would do neither, but he appeared to be in the same camp as the protestors that lined the sidewalks outside of the company’s headquarters on a seemingly weekly basis.
Castiel rolled his eyes, and looked forward at the marching band playing the school anthem on the field.  His eyes scanned the crowd before him. They were pretty close to the field, and all he could see around them was a moving throng of blue and crimson.  He wondered if the Winchesters were in there somewhere.
“What?” Dean stammered, clearly offended.  He crossed his arms firmly over his chest, brows raising.  He licked his lips indignantly.  “Who the hell are you?” he asked again.
He hadn’t expected Dean to react the way he did.  He turned quickly, eyes sharp.  He lashed out, “But Jack’s the reason!”  Everyone in the bar turned their eyes on them.
“Are you sure my being here is a good idea?” Cas asked. “Your friend didn’t seem to like me very much.” Cas was right on Dean’s heels as he walked up the sidewalk to Charlie’s rental, his chest knocking against Dean’s back as they walked, as if the anticipation of a death glare from a five-foot tall redhead was enough to intimidate him.
“Alright, relax.  Lemme take a look.”  She stepped out of the way, and he bent over to take a look.  The screen was giving a warning message for a paper jam in the back door.
And Castiel realized that, for 150 years, he’d been waiting for Dean—and, in all that time, he never once considered that there were other things he should have been waiting for, too. Like this: an afternoon in the park with friends. It was something worth living for.
And then he couldn’t even hear that when Cas reached between them and stroked Dean’s erection.  He pulled back fractionally to catch Dean’s eyes. The blue around them was swallowed up by his pupils, and his cheeks were flushed pink.  His hair was everywhere. His lips were parted in hitching breaths. He was so damn hot, so damn beautiful.
thanks so much for reading! and genuinely, thank you to everyone who talked me into writing this because i'm in a place right now where i'm like, "every fic i write needs to be out of spite" and, wouldn't you know it, writing about dean and cas getting a second chance at happiness is really doing it for me!
Cas offered his right hand, palm up. Gingerly, Rowena took it in her own, pulling it a little closer to her. She bent over it, studying it. Dean rolled his eyes. This was all just a stupid gimmick.
He turned to his other side, where Benny was in another worn suit, except he filled it out a lot better than Dean did. His blue eyes were bright beneath his copper-colored mask.
Castiel stilled his fingers on Dean’s scalp.  He wouldn’t make promises he couldn’t keep.  “You first.”
” sound of surprise Sam let out before settling in. When he released him, he clapped Sam on the back, and then turned to give Eileen a hug. She chuckled in his ear, and rocked him from side to side before they parted.
Castiel kissed down the fine hairs leading down to the hem of his jeans. He mouthed on the skin along the waistband, and then dipped his forehead down to catch his breath. He focused on the button and zipper of Dean’s pants and, when he looked up the length of Dean’s body, Dean was staring down at him with dark, heady eyes. Castiel undid his fly and bit by bit pulled down his clothes, moving backwards down the mattress as he took them all the way off. His gaze kept flashing between Dean’s face and his cock now curving heavily up to his stomach. He saw the way Dean’s fingers itched to touch himself, but he didn’t make a move to do so. In fact, he clutched at the bed sheets to prevent himself.
Benny straightened himself out and stirred something in a pot.  "I kept tellin' ya to lay off on the beignets."
Dean kept looking at Kelly.  Her hair was sweat-matted, and she was letting out grunts that suggested she wanted to scream.  Dean couldn’t fathom why she’d come there.  It wasn’t like Cas was a midwife.  He wondered if Cas had ever delivered a baby, or if he’d just read about it in his medical texts.  Mostly, Dean wondered if any of those books taught him how to deal with so much blood.
And who knew?  Maybe Sam didn’t have to be the only one expanding the family.  It was still way too early to tell, but if Dean were a betting man (which he was), he liked the odds for him and Cas.  Things had been rocky at first, but maybe not anymore. Hell, they even had a date the next night at some swanky steakhouse that Dean couldn’t afford (but figured Cas could pay the bill since he’d done all the legwork).  Maybe it was the first of many. Maybe, if Dean played his cards right, this could work out for them.
The group started walking towards the parking lot, a line of cars already fighting to head out onto the road. Brake lights lit the snow up in red. Dean looked over his shoulder and realized Cas and Meg weren’t following. They were in a hushed conversation, and he looked kind of annoyed. Dean hoped they were fighting. Hell, maybe they’d even break up. That’d be one hell of a birthday gift.
Cas eyes swept towards Dean like they were made of magnets, and Dean felt his cheeks heat up as he quickly looked back to his phone.  Even while pretending to find that picture for Charlie, Dean was hyper-aware of Cas pacing towards them.
Sam sighed. “Dean, we’ve had this conversation.” Did they? Dean couldn’t remember. “I’m not going without you.”
Castiel didn’t want Dean to get over it. Her words cut into his chest and hollowed out his gut. He should be angry with her for tricking him into taking her home, but he didn’t know what he’d expected.
Briefly, he realized his family would be in church by now, and they were probably wondering where he was.  Michael would be angry when Castiel didn't show up, but Castiel did his best to forget the numbness that fact made settle into his skin.  He wanted to enjoy himself.
Dean wheeled around, eyes burning holes into the back of her head.  “You know, you ain’t fooling me!” he shouted, teeth bared.
He felt Cas’ eyes roaming his features, but didn’t dare meet them.  Cas said, “Yes, it is.” And maybe Dean was projecting, but it sounded like he was talking in specifics.  He tried not to think about it too hard.
Dean stood up from the bench, collecting his jacket as he did so, and walked past her out of the cell.  He glanced at her tentatively, not fully convinced he was free until she shut the cell door and locked it again.  He followed her to the door as she explained, “Your bother’s here to pick you up. He’s already been given your car from the impound lot.”
“Who cares?  Think of this as a promotion.  You could be in charge of the drugs, the poker games, anything else your stubby little fingers are in, I dunno.  You got the job, not her.” Dean took another sip to stave off his agitation. Still tasted like glass. He frowned down at the drink, and realized Crowley had been silent for too long.
Sam raised his brows, seeming open to the idea.  Dean, however, immediately stood up straighter.  "What?  No.  Hell, no.  You remember the last time we were in his office?"
Cas let out a breath through his nose, his chest deflating. “Yes, it does,” he said. Dean’s fingers started idly playing with Cas’ tie. “Does it change anything?”
“Dean,” Cas said, still brimming with joy. Leaning forward, he caught Dean in a soft, simple kiss and lingered close. “I’m positive.” Pulling back a little, he met Dean’s eyes and saw the dawning relief over his face. “Let’s go home, okay?”
Cas seemed to consider it.  He asked, “So, your angle is that your car should be an extension of your body?”
Castiel was intrigued by how highly the Winchesters spoke of these leftovers, but he doubted they could be as good as the original dinner.
“Oh, yeah, I saw him head out,” Dean interjected. He didn’t ask where Chuck had gone, probably because he knew Castiel didn’t have the answer. He took a drink. “What’d he wanna meet about?”
It didn’t take long for footsteps to sound on the other side of the door. When the locks began to click open, Castiel realized this was his last possible moment to run away. He wouldn’t have long. Maybe he could jump into one of the bushes . . .
“I know,” Cas said. “But this way is better. This way it’s on our turf. We have the house and its protection, if we need it.”
He blinked at her, at a loss.  He heard the meaning beneath her words, and remembered the tender care she’d taken in helping him get home.  The way she hadn’t left him all night.
Max slid in between them, crossing his arms over the top of the bar and leaning into them.  He was looking at Dean as he teased, “Oh, but Dean doesn’t think Castiel is handsome, remember?”
Cas knew Dean was justifying killing her to himself as much as he was to Cas. One hand cupping his aching jaw, Cas let the other fall to Dean’s shoulder. He felt as his husband, this good man, inhaled deeply and braced himself. “I understand,” Cas said softly. He was still adjusting to the fact that their friends were being used against them, but he understood. It came down to the lives of their children, and there was no question where he and Dean laid on that issue. They would do whatever it took.
“Everything okay?” she asked, looking up at him with a confused expression.  He wondered what he must have looked like the warrant that response.
“You brought the Book of the Damned?” he asked incredulously. If they were resorting to that, things were more dire than Cas had imagined.
“When I get out of these,” he said, holding up his cuffed wrists, “I’ll see you in court, Mr. Winchester.”
There was a beat of silence before Gabe slapped his palm on the tablecloth.  “Okay, then,” he said, again cheerful, “guess we better get out of here before the others leave without us.”
“Well, hey, this place might not be much, but it was the dream,” Lee said, both looking pleased and selling himself short.  “And, when I got back home, I went around to some of the other vet bars in the city. Didn’t really like ‘em. Thought—well, hell, I could do better.  So, I did.”
Castiel’s eyes opened, and he hadn’t even been aware he’d been closing them.  He realized his throat was dry, too, and his lips were cracked from sucking in air through them.  He dipped his head back down to nose at Dean’s cheek.  His dick was begging for attention, wanting him to rut up against Dean again.
Instead, they made their way back into the main room of the gambling hall and ordered two more whiskeys at the bar.  Dean ordered himself a Cuban cigar, too, because he was “celebrating.”  Castiel kept to the cigarette held between his fingers as he surveyed the games tables.
For a moment, Cas was frozen, not knowing what to do. His mind was suddenly devoid of all thought. But muscle memory returned to him easily. Gently, he placed his arm over Dean’s, aligning his palm to the back of Dean’s hand. He settled against him, leaning back into the warmth of Dean’s body.
Behind his back, Dean hadn’t any trouble falling asleep.  He’d been out almost as soon as he hit the pillow, and slept soundly ever since.  Until, it seemed, now.
From her place on the couch, he caught Anael staring at him, her brow lifted and mouth quirked in amusement.  He shuffled, bringing his gaze to his shoes.  He had to stop thinking of Dean.  Cold fingers tickled up his spine, whispering to him that everyone in the room could hear his thoughts.
The rest of the morning went by in kind of a blur.  The printer was broken again, and Dean briefly considered ripping it from the wall and smashing it on the floor before giving up and calling Kevin in IT.  Cas was in meetings most of the time, which was both a blessing and a curse. A blessing, because Dean didn’t have to be distracted by him—out of sight, out of mind.  A curse, because Charlie was trying to find a time to set up his new company cell phone, and it didn’t seem like they’d be able to find a time this decade.
Castiel took a moment to swallow down the dryness in his throat. When he was absolutely certain he’d found his voice, he asked, “How many?”
She guessed that meant she was now Lucifer’s most trusted soldier.  She thought this moment would feel different.  But all she could do was resolve to never let her father down.
Cas shook his head.  Dean didn’t know what to say to that.  He could talk for hours about the Impala, but he doubted Cas wanted to hear him gush.  And, even if he did, Dean thought he should hold back. It was better not to get that close.
“Okay,” he said, plopping his feet back on the floor and sitting upright. “Who’s up for a field trip?”
After some time, Charlie came into the kitchen, asking after the guacamole.  Castiel realized he'd forgotten about it completely.
Dean rounded the back of the car and settled in next to Cas.  He leaned his ass against the heated metal and folded his arms across his chest.  Their shoulders brushed. He peered down at the map on the phone, hardly visible in the glare from the sun.  “Still can’t decide?” Dean asked. He leaned in to drop a quick kiss to Cas’ shoulder.
"So, how long have you and Castiel been friends?" Meg asked as Dean reached in front of her to slide his plate over.  She didn't lean back to allow him room.  "He's never mentioned you—
century wardrobe started. They’d probably have to make a Target run for things like underwear, socks, and a toothbrush, but it was best to get the bigger stuff out of the way at first.
Sam felt the corners on his mouth pull up at the joke.  He watched Victor’s horse turn away, cantering back to the group.  Henriksen rode to the front and whistled, signaling for his men to move out.  The last of the deputies swung into their saddles, and they started off slowly, the prisoners slumping as they walked behind.
No way!  Oh, no! Dean wasn’t about to cramp himself in one of those dirty things where the toilet didn’t even have water in it.  And what if he did go and there was some really bad turbulence while he was mid-pee and it got everywhere? Or if the turbulence was
Castiel turned his head and found Dean sitting on the concrete step outside his backdoor. A cigarette was pinched between his fingers, his arms hanging over his knees. He stared back at Castiel with guarded eyes.
“What are you watching?” Cas asked gently, pulling Dean’s attention back towards him.  Dean’s eyes flickered to the TV, where the same old western movie was playing. From the looks of it, it was a Roy Rogers flick.
Rowena let the news wash over her.  She nodded, expression tightening.  She picked her glass up again, made a toasting motion as if for the mother and child, and drained her drink.  When she spoke again, her voice was thick with whiskey.  “Still, the child’s probably better off—what without a mother to protect it, especially if its father was capable of something like this.  I don’t blame her for wanting to keep the baby’s birth a secret.”
They were done talking, and Cas had another meeting to run off to, but he just kind of kept standing there, looking down at Dean.  And Dean was realizing very quickly that he hated Cas’ scrutiny. It made him squirm.
They quickly began setting up the components in three bowls circled around Death’s book and filled with an assortment of spell ingredients that Sam had collected from the bunker’s stores.
Now that he no longer had the excuse of talking with Sam, Dean had no other choice but to bite the bullet and face Jack.
“You know, eternal suffering sounds good on paper, but as a viewing experience, it's just kind of…” he grimaced, waving his hand in a so-so kind of gesture.
“Really?” Cas cocked his head to the side and narrowed his eyes.  “Then why was it that after the Fall, when I was suddenly human and barely holding it together, you wasted no time before you tossed me out on the streets?  Because I was no longer a nearly indestructible angel you could throw at your problems.”
“Let’s light it up,” he said, eyes darting towards Michael.Sam nodded and struck the matches against the box.
, you said so yourself.  Plenty of things have managed to get their hands on angel blades over the years, hell Crowley had a whole collection of the things.  Cas’s got
But now he couldn’t even close his eyes without being haunted by a flash of tan or tear-filled blue eyes.
After they’d found Eileen’s phone and bag outside of her place, Sam had all but shut down emotionally.
“Anyway, the ME finished up with the latest victim an hour ago,” Stoker continued, back to business as she pushed open the door to the morgue and led them inside.
“Sure, sure, we can head over there now, if you want.  Let me just get Cas.”  Dean hadn’t seen Cas all morning, which was unusual.  He could almost always count on Cas at least coming down for breakfast.  The idea of leaving Cas alone all day in the bunker didn’t sit right with him for some reason.
“Martin Lewis, age 26,” Sheriff Stoker supplied.  “Only reason we were able to identify him was because his girlfriend gave us a DNA sample when she filed the missing person’s report.”
Dean nodded.  There was no way she could see the affirmation, but she hung up before he could bring himself to say anything.  With a shaky sigh, Dean set his phone down on the nightstand.  “Dammit, Cas,” he whispered brokenly.
“This isn’t how we do things and you know it,” Dean hissed. “There’s always another way and we would’ve helped you find it.”
At the diner across the street, a waitress was setting down plates of food for one of the tables on the patio.
Sam’s face went through a complicated series of emotions, before it eventually settled on something dar too close to pity for Dean’s liking.
thought you were a monster.  Not even now.  Probably should, hell I’m sure Sam does, but I love you too damn much to ever think that Cas.  And I’m sorry.  I’m sorry you got stuck with the mark, and that it came to this, but mostly... mostly I’m sorry that after all this, I finally find the guts to tell you how I feel about you and I don’t even know if you can hear me say it.”
He made an aborted gesture towards the desk and, yep, there was a folded up piece of paper sitting there.
“N—Novak?” Dean asked faintly.  There it was.  He could write off Cas keeping odd hours and going off to do his own thing in the middle of the night.  But this…
“Dean?”  The bed dipped slightly next to him and Sam laid a hand on his shoulder.  “It’s… it’s Cas, isn’t it.”  It wasn’t a question, but Dean nodded anyway.
“Dean, I can’t!” Cas growled.  “I tried so hard to fight it but I just can’t.”  He flipped the blade in his hand and lunged, just barely missing Dean’s side.  Dean jumped to the side to avoid the next flurry of strikes, eventually putting Cas exactly where he wanted him: with his back to Sam and the box.
The sheriff paused at the door to the morgue.  “By the way, where’s your friend?  The scowl-y one with the funny name, Cassiel was it?”
However, none of these scenarios had Cas’s face clouding over with that wrath of heaven expression that Dean hadn’t seen in years.
But their numbers have been dwindling rapidly over the years.” Amara tilted her head, lost in thought for a moment.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean scoffed.  “I’m only agreeing to this because I know if we don’t at least check it out, you’ll keep bitching about it. But when it turns out that it’s not our kind of thing, which it won’t be, you’ll be on dish duty for the next month.”
Dean lifted his head just in time to see Jack lunge towards Chuck and also get effortlessly thrown to the side.
“Like I said,” Chuck grinned, his features twisting into something cruel and merciless, the picture of the God of the Old Testament.
Needless to say, Dean didn’t flirt with Daphne at all for the rest of their time in the cartoon world.
The little voice sounded familiar; it reminded him of another voice, one that had expressed a similar sentiment not so long ago.
Cas didn’t even look surprised, the only expression on his face was one of grim determination as he stood a bit straighter.  “You can’t kill me.  That would leave Sam with the Mark and we both know you would never allow that.  No, it has to stay with me.  Because I’m the expendable one, aren’t I Dean?  A tool to be used and thrown out as soon as its no longer useful.”
Dean’s eyebrows furrowed.  “It’s a serial killer.  Not really our kind of thing.”   He stopped sharpening the machete in his hands and waved it around a bit for emphasis.  “Besides, we have our hands full enough as it is right now.”
The words on the page in front of him were starting to blur together, a sign that he needed more caffeine.
Well for starters, having an individualized Heaven for each human soul was a fine idea back when there were only a couple thousand of them, but it really doesn
“Yeah me too,” Dean mumbled.  Cas was dealing with something far worse than the flu right now and it wasn’t gonna go away any time soon, but Dean was sure Cas would appreciate the sentiment had he been here.
“I—uh—couldn’t sleep.“  Dean paused to take in Cas’s appearance.  He didn’t look any more rumpled than usual and Dean couldn’t see a drop of blood anywhere on him.  He looked the same as he always did, standing tall and stoic at the bottom of the stairs.
Thankfully, Stoker seemed to pick up on that.  “Ok Dean.”  There was silence on the other end of the line for a while, long enough that Dean almost thought she’d hung up.  He was just about to hang up himself when she spoke up one more time.  “Take care,” she whispered.  “If you need anything, you know how to reach me.”  They both knew she wasn’t talking about hunting anymore.
Sam wouldn’t wake up for his morning run for at least another hour, but this was still a reasonable hour to start the day, right?
Cas’s eyes widened.  “Oh! You mean did we copulate?” Dean winced.  Thankfully, Cas seemed to notice this and quickly continued.  “No, we did not.  As I was trying to say, there were a lot a djinn talking at once, and it quickly got very confusing.  I knew how much we needed the fruit so I just agreed.”
Dean let out a shaky sigh and ran his hands over his face, pausing when his hand came back wet.  He hadn’t even noticed that he’d been crying.
“Ri-“ Cas cleared his throat. “Right.  The ghost.”  He straightened out the lapels of his coat and strode out of the room, brushing past a dumbfounded Sam and leaving Dean in the closet grinning like an idiot.
They were in over their heads and this wasn’t a problem that could be fixed just by ganking the bad guy.
Dean resisted the urge to sigh.  “Well then we move the box to the floor.”  He carefully laid Cas down and moved over to the workbench.
Dean’s mouth snapped shut, and, evidently, his silence was even more damning than any flimsy excuse he could have thrown out there, because Sam’s expression quickly morphed into concern.
t like Jack had asked for him to do it, but Cas, in true Winchester fashion, had offered himself up without hesitation to save his family.
A few seconds later the light dimmed, leaving Dean with spots in his vision that he quickly blinked to clear away.
Dean turned back to look at the kid, but he had ducked his head down to avoid looking him in the eye.
They’d seen all manner of deaths during their time hunting, but even Sam looked a bit queasy at the level of overkill in front of them.
Sheriff Amelia Stoker was normally an imposing woman.  Even ignoring the fact that she was six feet tall, her no nonsense demeanor was an effective deterrent to most teens looking to cause trouble.  But when Sam and Dean met her at the station, she just looked tired.  She had dark circles under her eyes and her uniform was wrinkled, as if she’d spent more than one night sleeping in it.
Cas had drawn his weapon, was advancing on him, and Dean knew that he should focus on that imminent threat, but his treacherous heart was too busy processing what Cas had just admitted. “Cas you— you love me?”
Jack took a step forward and Chuck snapped again, and again, and again, clearly panicking as Jack drew closer.
The state of the plants around Jack was certainly concerning, but it was just another drop in the bucket of Shit Dean Wasn’t Equipped To Deal With Right Now.
Dean paused.  Everything had been feeling “off” for a while now and this sudden string of murders was just another thing to add to the growing pile of shit that had alarm bells ringing almost constantly in his head.  He sighed and set his machete down on the table.  “You know what, fine.  We’re not set to help Garth with that vamp nest until tomorrow, and the sheriff still owes up a favor for dealing with those werewolves last year.”
The noise that came from Cas’s mouth as he fell could only be described as inhuman, the ear-splitting whine of his true voice blending in with the deeper pitch of his human one.  Dean’s hands flew to cover his ears.  He needed to close the lid before Cas could recover but the noise made it impossible for him to do anything other than stand there and wait for his damn eardrums to explode.
Dean had endured all sorts of physical injury throughout his life, he’d broken bones, been stabbed, hell he’d even been tortured in Hell itself.
The doorknob turned and Dean quickly shoved Cas away to a more respectable distance and pushed himself off the wall.
“Dean, Cas? The ghost is go… Oh come on guys!” Sam cried out, slapping a hand over his eyes.  Cas and Dean’s lips broke apart but beyond that the two of them stood frozen in place.  Cas stared incredulously at Dean before looking over at Sam and then back at Dean.  Dean chuckled softly as he let go of Cas’s leg and took a step away from him.
After managing to get separated from everyone else while running around a very long hallway lined with doors that defied any and all logic, Cas and Dean found themselves alone in the linen closet they had ducked into to hide from the ghost.
Stoker raised an eyebrow.  “You mean besides the fact that his entire face’s caved in?”  She asked, sarcasm heavily coloring her tone.  She sighed.  “Sorry, been a bit stressed lately.  The press’s been having a field day with this one and people are starting to panic.  But, now that you mention it, the knife was pretty weird.”  She walked over to the coroner’s desk and picked up a plastic evidence bag.  “We managed to get a pretty good mold of one of the stab wounds.  Not sure what exactly the weapon is, to be honest.  Blade’s too long to be a dagger but also too short to be a sword, plus there’s the shape.”  She held out the bag to Sam.
So you ignore it, and that works, for a while, but then something happens, they say something, and that little voice in the back of your head whispers
“No, no we’ve got it covered.”  He paused for a moment.  “Thank you though.”  Dean wasn’t sure what exactly he was thanking her for.  For offering to help?  For confirming that his worst nightmare had come true?  He suddenly realized how desperately he wanted this phone call to be over.
“Dude.  That was kinda stupid.” Dean interrupted.  However the grin that snuck its way on to his face helped soften his words.
Things seemed to be a bit less tense after that, but Dean still kept a close eye on Cas.  There wasn’t anything obviously suspicious, but something still felt
His brain had supplied him with an entire spectrum of scenarios: Cas laughing in his face for misunderstanding what was clearly a platonic confession of love, a teary-eyed kiss, and more than one that ended in ways that made Dean glad that Jack wasn’t able to read minds, lest he scar the kid.
In retrospect, the solution Dean’s panicked brain came up with was all kinds of stupid.  With a yell, Dean launched himself into Cas’s back; a move that, given how goddamn immovable Cas could be when he set his mind to it, shouldn’t have worked but when Dean’s shoulder connected solidly with Cas’s lower back, the force behind it sent them both tumbling to the floor.
To his credit, Cas didn’t bother with trying to deny it anymore.  He just stood there, as silent and stoic as he’d been all those years ago when he’d told him that he served Heaven.  Dean wasn’t sure if that made things better or worse.  After a few moments, Cas sighed.  “Then I don’t see what there is left to talk about.”
“I did what I had to, Dean,” Cas snapped and Dean would’ve felt a burst of pride at finally getting any sort of emotion from Cas, if he wasn’t too busy trying to hold himself together.
“Like, shouldn’t we be running away from the screaming?” Shaggy called out as everyone else turned to run down the hall towards the noise.
He’d been trying to hold it together for Jack’s sake, but the kid’s words hit Dean like a physical blow.
I told him that it wasn’t his fault, but you know telling him that and getting him to actually believe it are two very different beasts.”
It was my understanding that humans to not tend to enjoy being around people who have feelings for them when said feelings are unrequited.”
It took some maneuvering: the box was far heavier than Cas but mercifully less prone to struggling, so by the time they’d positioned the box on the floor and opened the lid they were both breathing hard.
“I don’t know Dean, why don’t you go ask Daphne?” Cas replied sarcastically, leaning back against the shelves and crossing his arms.
“What we’re gonna do is—” Dean took a deep breath, tightening his grip on the steering wheel for a moment, “—is call Garth and tell him he needs to find someone else to help him with the vamp nest.  Something’s killing people and they somehow managed to get their hands on an angel blade.”
“Absolutely,” he tried to sound reassuring, but he was having a hard time trying to feel much of anything beyond the dread and despair that was threatening to drown him.  “You know what, Amelia?”  He heard his voice as he spoke again, but it sounded far away even to his own ears.  “You’re probably right, I’m sure it’s a ghoul or something.  Sam and I ‘ll handle it.”
Dean awoke the following morning to the sound of his phone ringing, some loud obnoxious ringtone that Sam had changed it to during their last prank war that Dean still hadn’t figured out how to change.
He might be the one who had to deliver the news, but he knew he wouldn’t be able to hold it together if he saw Jack’s reaction.
“Haven’t you wondered why there hasn’t been a single monster sighting within a fifty mile radius of the bunker?”
So, when Dean opened the door, Cas’s empty room looked no different from the day they’d first found the bunker.
To be honest, the complete and utter lack of anyone else on the road was probably the only reason he made it to Hastings in one piece.
Well, it’s not like I could tell you in person,” Cas snapped, thankfully cutting off that train of thought.
If they gave Michael or Chuck even the slightest reason to doubt what was going on, it would all fall apart.
He’d found a bench a block away from the diner and was curled up on it, hugging his knees to his chest with his head hung low.
“Plenty of info about angels—some of it laughably inaccurate, like who’s ever heard of ‘unholy water’—but zero mention of the Empty or how to access it.”
In fact the only tape Dean knew of that Cas owned would be… the one currently sitting in the drawer next to his own bed…
The water tasted faintly of the Jack Daniels he’d put in the glass the night before, which was… kind of gross actually.
As soon as they had al piled back into the car, Dean had thrown the Zeppelin II cassette into the player and cranked the volume high enough that he didn’t have to hear himself think. But the thoughts still managed to worm their way through his brain in the moments of silence between sides of the tape.
Stoker grabbed ahold of the sheet and paused.  “Now I wanna warn you boys, what’s under the sheet is a bit gruesome.”
The nightmare wasn’t anything new; his brain had taken to mashing together every way he’d lost Cas over the years every time he tried to sleep.
“Cas?”  Dean‘s grip on the handle of his mug loosened reflexively and he fumbled to keep ahold of his mug of coffee as his sleep addled brain tried to process the fact that Cas was standing in front of him.
The crack of a gunshot cut off whatever it was Cas was going to say.  His grip on his blade loosened and the blade clattered to the floor harmlessly next to Dean’s head as Cas slumped over to the side.
“I’m sorry you had to see that.”  If Cas actually felt any remorse for the people he’d killed, it certainly wasn’t evident in his face.
Once he had freed Dean from his pants, Cas leaned over, recapturing Dean’s mouth as he lined up their hips and began to thrust against him.  Dean let loose another curse.  Dean raked his nails up Cas’s shoulder blades as he cried out.  Cas’s rhythm stuttered and he muffled a groan into Dean’s neck.  Interesting.  Dean filed that bit of information away for future use.
He tried to not think too hard about what Cas’s reaction to said words would be; there was no use getting his hopes up after all.
Cas sighed.  “I’ve been told stress can keep a person up at night,” he said.  “Hopefully you can get some rest soon.”  The words were probably meant to be comforting, but there was something in Cas’s voice that put Dean on edge.  There was no warmth in his voice, no gentle assurances that everything would be okay.  Not that Dean would’ve believed him.
And I thought that sacrificing myself, freeing you from Chuck’s influence, would maybe start to make up for everything I took from you, but I couldn’t even
Dean’s heart plummeted in his chest.  However he was not about to let Cas know that, so he crossed his arms in an attempt to look nonchalant.  “One thing led to another?” he asked, raising an eyebrow.  “So what, you and her… you know?” Dean made a gesture.
Dean let out a noise that began as a sigh but ended like more of a sob.  Shifting, he moved from a kneeling position to sit on the floor with his back against the box.  The cold of the floor seeped through his jeans, but Dean couldn’t find it in him to care anymore.
There was something familiar about the way Jack was holding himself, posture rigid and refusing to meet Dean’s eyes.
But before he could ask a single one, Amara nodded her head—a clear goodbye—and turned to walk down the street, across the town
Wasn’t this what they had been trying to accomplish ever since Chuck had left them in that graveyard to die?
Dean slid into the drivers seat and the door slammed shut like an old, heavy research tome at the end of a case.
It was nearly three in the morning, but, as usual, Dean found himself unable to sleep.  The mattress was as comfortable as ever, but his mind was running too fast for him to have any hope of nodding off.  With a sigh, he pushed himself up out of bed and padded down the hall to Cas’s room.
And that was all before he sucked up all the souls in Purgatory, declared himself the new God, and went on a power trip.”
Dean’s hand slid up to cup the angel’s face.  His other hand released its death grip on Cas’s lapel and he hiked Cas’s leg up around his hip as he pressed the angel more firmly against the shelves.
“I’m going, Sam, I’m going,” Dean grumbled, shoving his hands into his pockets and walking back to the car.
“Police tonight have discovered the fifth body in a string of murders that they are now calling the work of a serial killer.”  The woman on the news was speaking in a calm tone of voice, but Dean could see the fear in her eyes.  “The victims don’t appear to have anything in common, and the police are advising the citizens of Lebanon to lock their doors and stay inside after dark.”
Cas shot him a look of confusion, tilting his head to the side slightly and looking him over with slightly narrowed eyes.  “Yes?” he asked, sounding confused.
Sam scowled.  “Well excuse me for doubting.  It’s not like we’ve ever tried carving an angel trap into a bullet before.”  He set the gun down on a nearby table and bent down to pick up the fallen angel blade.  “We should probably hold onto this,” he said sheepishly, tucking the sword into the waistband of his jeans.
The door was a solid, dark-stained oak, the same as every other door in the hall except for one detail.  Hanging from the door was a simple wooden placard that marked the room.  A few years ago, during a rare period of calm, Dean had taken a woodworking class at the local community college on a whim.  One of the lessons had been on wood burning and Dean had never felt prouder than when he’d presented the sign to Cas, with the Enochian letters of Castiel’s name carefully etched onto the surface.  The letters were a bit shaky but Cas had held that sign like it was the most precious thing he’d ever seen.
“Let’s just say that, with all the eye-fucking I’ve been forced to witness over the years, I’m surprised that Jack was your first kid.”
He wasn’t sure what it was that made him hesitate for a moment before he opened the door.  The fleeting hope that Cas would answer?  That he wasn’t ignoring him?  That Cas still wanted Dean in his life, despite all evidence to the contrary?
“I don’t… I don’t know what you are talking about,” Cas replied with his signature head tilt and squint.  And goddammit he was going to make him say it wasn’t he?
By the time they’d finished making breakfast, the kitchen was a disaster and Cas had streak of flour across his cheek that had somehow escaped his notice.  But Dean felt a spark of hope bloom in his chest as he watched Cas pour a truly ungodly amount of honey onto his pancakes.
“Apologies.  I should not have done that.” Cas said, as he brushed off the front of his coat and once again avoided meeting Dean’s gaze.  “It won’t happen again.”
“It’s not heal—”he was only halfway through the doorway when he finally got a good look at the person in the middle of the room“—thy….”
Bright tendrils of golden light began to snake their way up Chuck’s neck and over Jack’s hands, until Jack was glowing with an ethereal light.
Chuck held up a hand, presumably to deliver the snap that would end their existence, but then he paused.
And he could get back to scouring the library while the dough was rising, so it was a win-win really.
He took two steps down the hall towards the kitchen before his sleep deprived brain finally informed him that something was wrong with the hallway.
Turns out the cartoon version of Cas was not the only version capable of an epic bitch face.  “You’re absolutely right Dean,” he replied flatly.  “I was going to suggest that we continue what your brother interrupted but, since you pointed out the error of my ways, I think I am just going to go back to my room.”  Cas turned on his heel and, with a swish of his coat, headed down the hall towards his room.
So on a minor note about part of Cas' conversation with Dean about his wings in this chapter: I have read many wingfics by now, and a lot of them are well-plotted and excellently written. However, I don't understand the popular headcanon that Cas' wings would somehow be an erogenous zone. For one thing, angels weren't intended to have sex (especially not with humans), so there's no logical or biological reason why they'd be made that way. For a second thing, wings are limbs. You don't grab someone's forearm and expect them to get turned on. For a third thing, the whole thing with the oil glands - just. No. On so many levels. I feel like if rubbing on those would feel good, it would feel good the same way rubbing the corners of your eyes when your eyes itch feels good, there's nothing sexy about it. This isn't a critique of other writers' works, I just don't get how this particular headcanon came into being.
It backfires spectacularly. Dean had been about to leave but now turns back around, stomping towards Castiel with murderous intent written blatantly throughout his stance. Another fist to the face. Castiel manages to spin Dean, grab hold, and his reward is the back of Dean’s skull bashing into his nose and mouth. Dean takes hold of Castiel by the shoulders and knees him in the stomach again. He’s shoved away and collapses forward onto a table.
“Depends what you think I’m saying,” he shrugs, all his nervous courage abandoning him at the last second.
“Here.” He summons five candy bars directly into Jack’s hands so the kid will hold still. “Eat those.” Why didn’t Castiel already teach him this stuff?
Cas can’t hear his own voice through the ringing, but he feels the vibrations in his throat around the words “oh, no” immediately prior to his crying getting worse. What happened to Gabriel? He needs to know but there are no answers for him. Time ceases to mean anything after that. He knows three things: agony, fear, and the feeling of Dean supporting his weight.
“THE GIRL WILL BE M-A-U-R-A L-I-L-L-I-A-N” she spells out. It makes sense, the name of her biological mother and of her foster mother. Dean didn’t expect anything less. “AND THE BOY IS R-O-B-E-R-T H-E-N-R-Y”
As he yells at their head coach, more and more players also gradually get in line with his method of thinking and sit down on the ice as well until only one or two are still standing. The assistant coaches are all watching in silence, as is Dean. Glancing around, Castiel is pleased to see that both of the other A-captains have agreed with him. John screams himself hoarse for another five minutes until, apparently, he seems to realize that it isn’t getting him anywhere no matter how many times he threatens to have them all scratched and call up most of Bridgeport to replace them tomorrow night against the Rangers.
“Dean. Sam. Listen to me. Bringing it here will put all three of us in peril as well, and not only from Heaven’s soldiers. The level of uncontrollable power in a Nephilim is absurd and beyond description.”
Cas knows several things about Dean now: he likes pie, he writes a lot in the notebook, he hates nurses and doctors. And his sleep is constantly disturbed. Cas has been woken more than once already by his roommate’s night terrors, thrashing and screaming on the other side of the divider curtain.
Benny, whose name Castiel has finally learned with some minor help from Dean, chooses to walk by at this moment and smack their teammate upside the head forcefully enough to create an audible slapping noise. “Knock it off with that, Cole.”
Dean’s palm settles on the spot where his shoulder meets his neck; his friend’s thumb rests on his collarbone. He could grab Cas like this, move him around with probably not that much effort…
Of the three of them, Prior-Castiel is the only one operating at full capacity, which is a problem. Castiel can feel the Tablet beginning to actively disrupt his grace and its power is causing friction burns on his trueform. He’s in pain, notably weak. He’s not sure he’ll be able to do much good in this fight besides being a potential distraction. Meanwhile Gabriel is barely above half-strength, having been held captive and tortured by a Prince of Hell for over a year.
Castiel isn’t sure specifically why his wings have carried him to this particular time and place at first. It’s past the point where Dean’s been raised from Hell, though only by a small handful of months. He can feel the soul of his friend, it’s nearing, but it’s also dimmed slightly. As Castiel acclimates to a stable timeflow he briefly but sharply feels a very human urge to fall to his knees and weep. He understands exactly when he is, now.
He just barely manages to finish his sketch before it’s time for them to all share their work with the therapist. There’s something of a vague human form stenciled out underneath the more detailed, scrubby lines of a nightmare incarnate. And in fact Cas feels a little bit proud of how it turned out, because it’s fairly close to how they really look and now maybe, with a means to show people, they’ll believe him finally.
Elkins scrabbles at the puck briefly, prying it away from an orange sweater and slapping it up through most of the neutral zone to
“If I understand the situation correctly,” he says, very loudly and definitely interrupting, “your intent is to have a team comprised and formulated mainly for defensive tactics be an offensive juggernaut with high scoring games. I’m not entirely sure how you expect all of us to follow your logic from point A to point B in that case.”
“We are going to have a long talk later about hiding potentially life threatening conditions,” he scolded.
“Holy shit it worked.”  Sam lowered the still smoking gun and chuckled, though the sound that came out sounded just shy of hysterical.
Dude was absolutely convinced that me”—Dean waved his hand around vaguely—“you know… that it was completely impossible.”
Not that he expected to find anyone, but Jack’s sleeping patterns were an absolute mystery to everyone but Jack himself.
So instead, Dean sighed and stood up.  “Ok then, let me just grab my coat and keys and we can head on over to the sheriff’s office.”
He didn’t fetch Cas, but if Dean stopped in front of his closed door to press his ear against the wood for a brief moment, could anyone really blame him?
He’d found a recipe for cinnamon rolls in the bunker’s archives a few months ago and Jack had never had them before, so maybe he could finally get around to making them.
Dean didn’t answer.  Answering would mean acknowledging it, and there was no way in hell he was going to do that…  Except he had to.  This wasn’t the sort of problem that went away if you ignored it.  No, this was the sort of problem that just kept getting worse and worse until blew up in their faces.  Just like every problem in their godforsaken lives.
And Cas, being the smart son of a bitch that he is, realized that the Empty was probably pretty pissed at Billie for the whole stunt she pulled with Jack.
The scene they stumbled upon could only be described as gruesome, even for a cartoon.  One of the residents, who Dean had dubbed ‘Creepy Old Man #2’, had been pretty thoroughly dismembered.  Sam and Cas looked pretty unfazed by the blood.  After all, the three of them had seen much worse over the years.  However the gang did not seem to be faring as well.  Fred and Velma were all staring blankly at the corpse, Daphne had covered her mouth in horror, and Scooby and Shaggy both looked on the verge of passing out.  Dean wrapped an arm around Daphne’s shoulder and gently guided her away from the scene.  As he turned he caught a glimpse of Cas.  The scowl had returned to his face and… did he just roll his eyes? What the hell Cas?
However, for now all Dean could do was hold on as Cas drove him higher and higher, until he finally came with a shout.  Cas’s hips snapped forward a few more times before he tensed above him and let out a low, gravely moan.
Tears welled up in Jack’s eyes and he threw himself at Dean, as if he believed that holding on for dear life would hold off what was to come.
What do you say we call it for the night and take another stab at it in the morning with fresh eyes?”
He’d taken the kid out fishing and taught him how to drive, things he’d done with his own dad when he was young.
“And that’s my cue to leave,” Sam spoke up.  However, neither of them paid much attention to Sam as he left the room.
Reporting the killings as “stabbings” had been a major understatement.  The body currently on the table had more holes in it than a slice of Swiss cheese and the victim’s face had been beaten to the point that it was difficult to tell he’d been human.
After a few moments, Jack severed the connection with a twist of his hands and sent Chuck sprawling to the ground.
By the time Dean had managed to drag himself down to the kitchen and brew himself some coffee, his mood had managed to tank even further.  Nothing seemed to be going his way today: Sam had evidently used the last of the good beans and forgotten to tell him, he‘d spilled water all over the counter while trying to refill the reservoir, and he’d pulled the milk out of the fridge only to discover that it had started to turn.  So instead of a good cup of coffee with a splash of milk, he was stuck with a cup of pre-ground shit that was as black as his mood.  There had been some of Sam’s weird plant milk in the fridge but Dean would sooner go back to Purgatory then drink that hippie crap.  Grumbling under his breath, Dean leaned against the counter and took his first sip.  He’d forgotten that the lack of milk meant the drink was still blisteringly hot, so all he got for his efforts was a pretty spectacular burn on his tongue.  Great.  Because his morning hadn’t sucked enough already.
The library lights glinted off metal as Cas flipped the blade in his hands.  He took a determined step towards Sam’s crumpled form and in that moment Dean understood, with perfect clarity that froze his heat in his chest, that if he didn’t do something, Cas
Any ideas on how to get his attention?” Sam asked looking up at the sky as they turned to exit the diner.
“He…” Dean’s vision was blurring again, but the trail of wetness that ran down his face informed him that it wasn’t from eye strain this time.
Hell, he half expected to go right through him; that the angel was nothing more than a ghost: a hallucination supplied by his exhausted mind or one last middle finger from Chuck.
Dean’d had plenty of time over the past few weeks to think about what he would say if he managed to get Cas back.
“Nah, I should be the one to… You know since I…” Dean trailed off, but the meaning behind his half-voiced thoughts was clear.
“Cas…” Dean whispered hoarsely.  He grabbed Cas by the lapels of his stupid trench-coat and shoved him against the shelves.  Cas’s head snapped up and he stared at Dean with wide eyes.  Dean then proceeded to press his lips against the angel’s once more.  As his eyes fluttered closed, one of Cas’s hands found their way to Dean’s hip, while the fingers of his other hand weaved their way into Dean’s hair.  Cas then proceeded to pull Dean flush against him.  Dean groaned, the sound low in his throat, and Cas took the opportunity to slip his tongue into Dean’s mouth, curling it against Dean’s own.
“Don’t care.” Dean went back to kissing Cas’s neck as he fumbled with Cas’s belt.  That seemed to mollify Cas.  Instead of pressing the matter further, he ran his hands over his shoulders down his back, digging in his fingers with a hitch of his breath as Dean pulled Cas’s dick out of his pants and ran his palm over the head.  Dean went to pump his hand up and down the shaft but he only got a few passes in before Cas shoved Dean back down onto the bed and attempted to open Dean’s pants.  It took Cas a few seconds, due to his trembling hands.
It was just a few doors down from Dean’s room; far enough away to give Cas some space, but close enough that Dean could hear when he came and went.
“No what you had to do was tell Sam and me what was going on so we could handle things before it got to this point!”
Her expression quickly melted back into a look of concern as she focused her attention back on Jack though.
“That’s what you’re sorry about?  That I had to see it?  They were innocent people Cas!  And you murdered them in cold blood.”
Eileen had pulled her car in behind them and while Sam practically threw himself out of the car to get to her, Dean’s legs propelled him in a different direction.
“Good point,” Shaggy replied, gulping loudly. Scooby nodded emphatically.  “Like wait up you guys!” he called as the two sprinted to catch up with the rest of the group.
, and if there was one thing he’d learned over the years, it was to trust his instincts when it came to stuff like this.  So he watched.  Not that there was anything of note to report.  Cas still spent most of his time in his room, but he would emerge just often enough to appease Sam and during those rare nights he acted almost normal.  Sam was probably right, there was nothing to worry about.  He was just being paranoid and besides he had enough to worry about as it was.  Cas being a bit of a hermit was pretty low on the list of concerns.  Besides, nothing bad had happened.  So Dean slowly let his guard down.  Allowed himself to smile whenever Cas’s gaze met his from across the table at dinner and basked in the feeling of Cas’s fingers brushing against his when he handed him a bottle of beer.  Things were good.
Which”—Dean cut himself off with a humorless laugh—“how fucked up are our lives that Cas made it that long without being happy?”
“So Cas, any idea what we should do next?” Dean asked after taking a minute to catch his breath.  Cas, however, seemed fine.  Damn angels.
Therefore, Cas’s room lacked the personal touches that Sam and Dean’s rooms had; there were no pictures hanging on the wall, no little knick-knacks on the shelves.
It was at this point that Cas seemed to notice the spilled coffee.  His eyebrows furrowed even further.  “Dean, your hand.”  He strode over to the counter in a few long strides and stopped at a distance that Dean would have said was far too close when they’d first met, but now somehow didn’t feel close enough.
Dean hadn’t noticed it at first.  Sure, there had been reports of a stabbing every once in a while on the news, but the rising monster problem had taken up most of his attention.  It wasn’t until the news started releasing details that he really started to pay attention.
Obviously at some point he’d picked himself up off the floor and gotten in the car, but if you’d asked Dean for more detail, he wouldn’t have been able to give it.
After reluctantly kicking Cas out of the bunker once, Dean had made sure that Cas had his own room, as a way of showing him that he was welcome here and he always would be.
All Chuck saw was everything he had done wrong, but you… sure you saw the bad, but you also saw all the good.
Dean woke with a start, sitting bolt upright in bed as he was violently thrust into consciousness. He rubbed his hands over his face.
“Ok,” Dean wiped his hands on his jeans, “well that was fun but now we gotta—“ He was cut off by a grunt of pain from Sam.
At one point in his life, Dean may have been a mindless killer, trained in the ways of his father’s ruthless efficiency, but that’s not who he was any more.
“Right,” the sheriff didn’t sound convinced.  “Dean?”  Her voice had softened.  “You’d tell me if you knew anything, right?”
“Dean, it’s not what you think.” Cas said, looking exasperated.  “Djinn are known to be tricky creatures.  We were negotiating for the fruit and one thing led to another.”
“I’ve hurt people, and killed others—accidentally—because I couldn’t control the power I was born with.
“We should get moving, I’m not sure how long that bullet’ll hold.”  Sam nodded down at what Dean had been trying his hardest to avoid looking at.  Cas was mostly still, besides the occasional twitch, but his eyes were darting around wildly.  It was unnerving as hell.
Yeah that didn’t make him feel even more uneasy…  Now the only thing he wanted to do was make his way over to Cas’s room and check up on him, make sure he was doing ok.  But if Cas wanted to be left alone, such an intrusion was only gonna make him cranky. And lord knows Cas was grumpy enough on a good day these days.
“The bodies are really starting to pile up,” Sam suddenly spoke up from where he was seated in front of the television.  “Do you think we should look into it?” he asked.
As Cas set him down on the bed, Dean took a minute to admire the angel.  He was quite the sight: hair wilder than ever, shirt buttons half undone with one sleeve halfway down his arm as he quickly toed off his shoes. Dean cursed under his breath.  Having discarded his shoes, Cas climbed onto the bed, settling himself nicely into position straddling Dean’s hips.  Cas then set to work undoing the rest of his shirt buttons.  The movement involved in taking off his shirt moved Cas’s ass just right against Dean.  He couldn’t help the low groan that escaped him as he bucked his hips up.
“We were barely able to carry him here, Dean.  There’s no way we’re gonna be able to lift him up that high.”
“This…” Chuck stuttered as he began to poke the sand beneath him repeatedly, “This is why you’re my favorites.”
Stoker nodded.  “There’s been a lot going around lately,” she replied.  “Got three deputies out with the flu right now.  Hope he feels better soon.”
Cas pulled his arm back to strike once more, but this time, instead of dodging, Dean rushed forward, planted his foot squarely on Cas’s stomach, and
“He’s fine Dean,” Sam slowly closed the book he had been reading and sighed. “He’s probably just adjusting still.  Give him a little time and I’m sure he’ll get back to normal.”
But no, Dean slammed into Cas: he was solid, he was real, and Dean clung to him with the desperation of a man who
He was barely even three years old and he’d already died twice and had to deal with the death of his parents three times over.
It reminded him of when he was a kid, bracing himself for his father’s anger and disappointment after he’d fucked up.
“Dean,” Sam was giving him a look now, one that was as sorrowful as it was grim.  “You think this could be Ca—“
Jack laughed, the sound watery with unshed tears, and threw himself forward, wrapping his arms around Cas’s neck.
“Woah there, Jack.” Dean reached out to lay a hand on Jack’s shoulder, but Jack flinched back again.
It was dumb of him to assume that Cas would wait around in the dungeon when there were more obvious places.
This wasn’t how things were supposed to go.  They’d won.  God was safely locked away in his cage.  Things were supposed to get better, but instead everything was falling apart around him.  The monsters had been steadily growing in power and now Cas...  Cas was...
“You’re gonna make me say it, aren’t you, you bastard?” Dean growled.  “You lock yourself away in your room so we barely see you anymore and then I find out you’ve been disappearing for hours on end in the middle of the night.  Then suddenly the bodies start piling up?”  Cas’s face was as emotionless as a block of stone and it was making Dean’s blood boil.  How dare he be so indifferent when everything was falling to pieces around them?  “It doesn’t take a genius to put the pieces together!”
A year and a half later, as Bobby’s machete came flying towards his neck, Dean’s last thought was of kind, blue eyes and how not even death would grant him the comfort of getting to see them again.
The box of tissues in his hand fell to the floor with a thump and he launched himself at the figure standing in front of him.
Moving Cas was more of a challenge than they’d anticipated.  The bastard was deceptively heavy, but the bullet in his shoulder held up, keeping him from moving much beyond some futile struggling.
“I’d much rather leave you here, in an empty world, and watch you live with the knowledge that you destroyed it.
It wasn’t that he didn’t think Cas was capable of that level of violence.  Hell he’d been on the receiving end of a frankly concerning number of Cas beatdowns over the years.  But when it came to the actual killing, Cas had always done so with the calculated precision of a single stab to the chest or head of his opponent.  But the man on that autopsy table…  He had
“Dean, I—“ Cas started to say something, but Dean didn’t want to hear whatever flimsy lie was coming.
Suddenly everything clicked into place.  Was that what this was about?  Cas’s behavior made a hell of a lot more sense now.  “Cas,” Dean asked carefully, “Are you… jealous?”  Cas suddenly became very interested in a spot on the floor near Dean’s feet.
Chuck turned his attention back to Sam and Dean heard his brother cry out over the sound of popping joints.
s main road.  A red car drove past and by the time it had cleared the intersection, Amara had disappeared.
“I’m not sure if I believe that last statement…” Amara trailed off, her eyes took on a far away look, as if she was considering Jack’s words carefully.
Dean ran his fingers over the indented letters for a moment and closed his eyes, allowing himself a moment to remember happier times.  Only a moment though.  If Dean had learned anything recently, it was that the sooner problems were addressed, the better.  Pressing his forehead to the wood, Dean raised his hand and finally knocked.
“Dean?”  Sheriff Stoker’s voice jarred him from his thoughts.  “Does that name mean something to you?” She asked cautiously.
Dean stood stock still as hot coffee dripped off his hand and onto the floor.  Somewhere in the back of his mind, he realized that spilling near boiling hot coffee on his hand should probably hurt like a bitch, but he was far to preoccupied with taking in the blue of Cas’s eyes.  Eyes he thought he’d never see ever again.  But he was here.  Standing right in front of him, with his eyebrows set in their near constant furrow that created a little crease between his eyebrows and left Dean with the urge to smooth it away with his thumb.
.  The force was just enough to send Cas back a step, which normally wouldn’t have thrown him, but his calf bumped against the edge of the ma’lak box, throwing him off balance enough to send him tumbling backwards.
“Hey there, Dean,” the sheriff somehow sounded even more tired than the last time they’d spoken.  She seemed almost resigned.  “Just calling to ask... are... are zombies a thing?”
Once the door was open, Dean immediately understood why there hadn’t been an answer.  The room was empty.  Panic flooded Dean’s veins like a rush of icy cold water.  He was gone.  Again.  And this time Cas hadn’t even bothered to say goodbye.  He’d thought, given their brief moments of civility that maybe it wasn’t too late for them to fix things, but it looked like he’d been wrong.
Forty years in Hell, a stint as an archangel’s meat puppet, and the deaths of nearly every person he’d ever loved had left him with a nearly inexhaustible supply of nightmare fuel.
Cas stopped and turned back to face them.  “Would you two rather go off by yourself?  In a creepy mansion with a ghost on the loose?” he asked, eyebrow raised.
“Woah there Cas.” Dean pulled back and held up a hand, stopping Cas in his tracks. “Absolutely not. The ascot stays.”
Cas’s eyes snapped back up to meet Dean’s and Cas must be taking lessons from Sam, given the look on his face.  “You can be incredibly dense some times.”
Dean had managed to find his own way out from under his father’s influence, to become his own person, and he’s been holding out hope that Michael could do the same.
“Oh,” she sounded surprised, but whether it was from the affirmation that zombies were real or Dean’s change in demeanor, he couldn’t tell.  “You sure you boys don’t want my help?”  She asked quietly.
t sleep, he hadn’t actually used it much beyond the time he’d spent recovering from Rowena’s spellwork a few years back.
Sam had agreed that the best course of action was probably to try talking to him first and while Sam and Cas had always gotten along just fine, they had never been all that close.  Which left Dean.  Cas’s room had been empty, as expected, and a quick sweep of the bunker had also come up empty, so Dean grabbed a beer, even though he really wanted something much stronger, and set himself up in the library to wait.  If Cas was out, he’d have to pass through here and if he didn’t… Well then he’d cross that bridge when they came to it.
“Don’t!”  The damn had broken and with that final exclamation, Dean just felt empty.  He was so tired of everything, of the lies and the deception and the loss.  “Cas just… just don’t... I know it was you.”
All he knew for sure was that at one point he was sitting on the floor of the dungeon, and some time later he was pulling over on an abandoned street in Minnesota.
And Dean had done nothing but stand by and watch as the kid tried to navigate through more loss than most people would experience in a decade.
Dean backed up, executing the three point turn with a practiced ease— while completely ignoring the sniveling former God scrabbling in the dirt behind them—and drove away from the lakefront.
“The same could be said of you.” Did Cas’s voice sound gruffer than normal or was he just imagining things?  He finished descending the stairs  “I was under the impression that humans tend to be asleep at this time of night.”
It wasn’t until they made it back to the bunker after confronting that shady real estate developer, that Dean remembered something Cas had said earlier.
s eyes were red rimmed and the knees of his jeans were damp, but in that moment he looked genuinely terrified.
“I’m gonna… I better get patched up,” Sam said, his voice shattering the fragile silence.  With a wince, he shuffled past Dean, stopping for just a moment to lay a sympathetic hand on his shoulder before leaving Dean alone with the awful quiet.
“We can’t keep getting Jack’s hopes up every time we find the word ‘empty’ in some old Latin text only to let him down again when it turns out to be nothing.
But, even though we’ve been left behind to pick up the pieces, we’re still around to actually do that.
It wasn’t him he was worried about.  He was worried about the innocent people of Lebonon currently living in terror, but more importantly, he was worried about Cas.  Now that he was really looking, he could see how tense Cas’s shoulders were and there was a look in his eye that Dean recognized all too well.  The kind of look one had when they were trying to hold it together and barely succeeding.  He’d seen that exact look in the mirror enough times during his time with the mark.
As the hours passed, Dean’s thoughts wandered.  He tried to focus on mundane things, like what he was going to cook for dinner the rest of the week, but he only had so many things he could think about before his mind inevitably made its way to the topic he’s been trying so hard to avoid.
Sheriff Stoker didn’t look the least bit surprised to see them.  “I was wondering when you boys would show up.”  She took another sip of her coffee.  “Wasn’t sure if I should call but since you’re here, might as well get your opinion.”  Setting her half-empty mug on her desk, she stood up and started walking towards Lebanon PD’s tiny morgue.  “We’ve been at a loss on this one.  Not a single scrap of evidence on any of the bodies and the violence of these killings just keeps escalating.”
“Castiel,” Dean corrected automatically.  “And he uh— he hasn’t been feeling too well lately so he stayed home.”
And Chuck… He just lay there in the sand, staring out into the distance in shocked silence as their words washed over him.
“I know that now.” Cas’s replied, looking… wait.  Was he pouting? Dean chuckled.  “Anyway,” Cas continued. “I agreed and then one of them called me their king and I was being carried off to some sort of celebration.  But I managed to grab the fruit and sneak away before anything else could happen.”
“I know,” Sam sighed.  “It’s just… something doesn’t feel right there.  And this wouldn’t be the first time someone thought a monster was just a serial killer.”
Something had wiped out the plants along this specific stretch of sidewalk, and Dean had a sneaking suspicion he knew who the culprit was.
He’s at peace knowing that we still get to live our lives, even if he isn’t around anymore to see it.
A look of annoyance flashed across Cas’s face for a brief moment before the carefully crafted mask of neutrality slammed back into place.  He turned to look behind him.  “Sam,” he said calmly.  “I was wondering when you would show up.”
Sure, taking down Chuck had been the main part of the plan, but it wouldn’t mean jack shit if they couldn’t undo all the damage he’d done to the world.
Dean ran a hand through Cas’s hair and knotted his fingers in it, just to reassure himself once again that this was real, that he wasn’t going to wake up alone in his bed.
As hard as he tried keep his attention fully on his conversation with Daphne, Dean’s gaze kept slipping back to the scowling angel.  Cas had dropped all pretense of being subtle now.  He swore Cas could muster up a better bitch face than Sam when he put his mind to it.  Just when Dean was about to give up and do something stupid, like stomp across the room and demand that Cas tell him what his deal was, a piercing scream echoed through the mansion.  In a flash, everyone was running out of the room.
But he didn’t.  If anything Cas pulled further away, locking himself in his room for longer and longer periods of time.  Dean couldn’t remember the last time they’d said more than three words to each other.
A dull ringing noise started up in Dean’s ears as he blankly watched Sam look over the mold.  It wasn’t a prefect cast by any means, but it was complete enough to show the familiar shape of a blade with a base shaped like a three pointed star that tapered to a sharp point.  He barely registered what Sam was saying to the sheriff, didn’t even react when Sam grabbed him by the arm and led him out of the precinct as he promised Sheriff Stoker that they’d let her know if they found any information on the weapon.
The sidewalk in front of the diner was dotted with planters, each filled with dried and withered flowers and greenery.
And so Dean and Sam told him about everything: about discovering Jack’s new ability, realizing that Death’s book was blank, and deceiving Michael into leading Chuck right to his doom.
“Do what?” Cas growled.  “I’m the one with the weapon.”  He swung again, and this time Dean ducked straight down.
Jack absolutely deserved to know that Cas was back, after weeks of finding the kid crying in his father’s old room, but the selfish part of Dean had been hoping to keep Cas to himself for a little while longer.
He didn’t feel like dealing with the judgement that would ensue in the morning, so water would have to do.
He reached out to turn a page, then another, and another, until he was frantically leafing through the blank white sheets of the tome.
And if the cost was his life, well, that was a pretty small price to pay in the grand scheme of things.
“Cas?” Dean whispered as he took the final few steps forward and laid his hand on the cool metal in front of him.  “I don’t know if you can even hear me in there, but you’re wrong.”  He took a deep, shuddering breath.  “I never
They’d been through so much over the course of their lives, but they always found a way to get through it.
“Cas,” Dean pleaded, desperately grabbing onto the stiff material of Cas’s coat.  He closed his eyes and waited.  But there was nothing, no stab of blinding pain, no one way ticket to oblivion.
“Cas?” Dean stopped walking halfway into the library.  Cas stopped as well; he turned and hummed in acknowledgement.  “What was that you said earlier about possibly being married to the queen of the djinn?”
Dean paused, turning back to take another look at the planters behind him on the other side of the diner’s entrance.
Ten minutes later, Dean found it was his turn to be thrust against a wall.  Cas had already shed both his coat and jacket, and Dean made short work of his tie as the angel worked on thoroughly ravishing his mouth.  Dean pushed against Cas’s shoulder.  He was wearing much more clothing than he wanted to right now, but he couldn’t do anything about it with his back pressed up against the wall as it currently was.  Thankfully, Cas got the hint.  He backed off just enough to allow Dean to shrug off his jacket and plaid shirt before diving back in for another kiss.  Dean was about halfway through Cas’s shirt buttons when he felt Cas reach for the ascot.
But he’s kept everything bottled up for weeks now and the walls he’s erected to keep the storm at bay are starting to crumble.
You may have been in one body and it may have been your power that made everyone disappear, but we both know that Chuck was the only one making decisions.
sorry, I did everything I could, really I did.” Jack was stammering now, trying to pull away from him but still held fast by Dean
