“Tony got it in his head that you two would end up together if you did a
Breathing shallowly, he stepped up to the fallen body of his husband.
Wade quickly snatched it up and stuffed it in his pocket. He smiled at Peter and followed him out of the car.
“You’re gay??” Tony gasped to Steve.
How could he tell Tony that he was right, and Steve would be nothing without him, without giving Tony hope?
Steve nervously watched the entrance to the bus depot but none of those dark cars drove into the parking lot bearing Hydra agents.
Most of the group broke off and only three were wordlessly elected to lead him. They led him past the glass doors he had landed in front of and escorted him to another corner of the building. They were leading him to wherever they wanted to question him most likely. Tony rolled his eyes but followed. He’d play along to get deeper into the building but once they stopped Tony would push on through.
Cable rolled his eyes again and stomped away, stating, “And that is my cue to leave.”
Both boys paused their splash battle with their older cousins.
Steve's only response was to hold him closer.
As the shutters slowly rose, the broken glass was first revealed…and then the blood.
Natasha seemed content with their lives as well and never pushed him away.
“On second thought, forget about it. The world cannot survive two children of Tony Stark,” Steve murmured to his husband. He slipped out of Tony’s hold as the older man chuckled and Steve scolded their son, “Peter! You’re not just losing out on your tablet privileges but also lab time with Dad too!”
Before she could retort, Steve said, “Maybe we should hold off on it.”
Peter quickly recovered from the shock, rolled his eyes, and snorted, “Yeah, right, where are the cameras? Funny, but seriously, what are you doing here?”
Ben look wearied and his age was showing more than usual. Learning that Mary was alive was a huge shock to him, more so when he found out she might blame Steve for what occurred.
They had to move out immediately. The Commandos were quick to pack up their gear, but Steve and Bucky were already ready…they had been for a while.
My chess pieces are set and every single member of the superfamily is willing to risk it all. But, in the end, which chess piece will end this game, and at what cost?
Steve pressed his face into Tony’s hair and inhaled his rich scent. He couldn’t believe he had ever denied this. He pressed a kiss into Tony’s scalp before answering, “Thank you.”
Steve shook his head and suggested, “Sleep in my bed. There’s more than enough room.”
“Sorry, I wasn’t expecting it,” Steve replied bashfully.
“What can I make you for breakfast, Honey?” Steve asked, pressing a kiss onto the side of his neck.
“Steve’s alive?” Bucky repeated, sounding shell-shocked.
“Or maybe we didn’t say anything because it was when we banged for the first time in months?” Tony suggested. “Wade did kinda interrupt us, you know?”
Once more, Steve lost Tony
The bullet pierced her side, above her left hipbone. Natasha tried to stay standing but swayed under her weaken legs and fell to her knees. Her instructor cautiously approached her with his gun caulked and ready to shoot again.
Peggy followed his gaze and murmured a question Steve didn’t hear because Tony’s eyes found his and he was instantly enraptured. Tony’s gaze settled on Steve’s accompanied with a weary, small, and sad attempt at a smile and then he slowly made his way over.
“She is well,” Heimdall replied. “She was not a part of the foremost incident and the mighty warriors of the Avengers brought down the peril before her life was threatened.”
Steve pushed his open hand closer to Tony and said, “Tony, I have known you for years. We are best friends and I know all your quirks. And I knew all this when you asked me out. I knew what I was getting into when I agreed to date you…
“What are you doing here?” Peter asked. He self-consciously dropped his gaze, knowing he had to look a mess. His eyes felt red and raw and his face splotchy.
His excitement was almost palpable. He had built and studied the model of the plane when he was a child and knew all of its workings by heart. The old model still sat on his bookshelf at the office.
“Good morning,” Steve greeted as he entered the room. “How was last night?”
understand?” Peter groaned in frustration.
“Maybe…It’ll be hard but I’m going to try. He has all of my attention now and, as soon as we reach the new base, I’ll be able to really concentrate on it. I’ll probably not follow the 107
Steve found the cafeteria and then asked the ladies begin the counter what they thought would be best to feed a child of his age. After they fawned over Steve and Peter for a few minutes, they eventually debated the babe’s age and determined to give Steve both applesauce and formula. Three of the four women were mothers and told him Peter looked like he was right on the cusp of starting eating solid foods. One of the women had to step aside to prepare the formula and Steve showered them with so much praise that they were all glowing when they returned the work.
“The cyborg: Mary Parker.”
That was, until the United States’ new Captain America turned out to be Dr. Erskine’s Captain.
“I’m looking,” was Tony’s curt reply. “His suit was damaged. I can’t get a location on him.”
“You’re just a child, Peter.”
It was silly.
Steve turned to find his mate staring at him with sleepy eyes. The toaster dinged and he hopped over to it to change out the bread and Tony snorted, “I’m mated to the male version of Snow White.”
“What part of ‘
He could still hear Dad’s sobs through the sealed door. The depth of his pain was so great that his cries sounded inhuman and it made Peter want to cry with him.
“Remembered?” Steve tried again. He wanted to beg him to talk to him and tell him what it was that was plaguing him. What was he remembering?
Tony told the others he needed a moment to himself and went out into the balcony.
She took a bite of her oatmeal, chewed, and swallowed it before she replied, “My name is
The Tower was several city blocks away and they walked them all. The stroll felt refreshing to Steve and he loved to watch Peter’s reaction to everything. He made sure to meander and not walk his usual pace so Bruce could keep up with him. The scientist could handle the walk as long as Steve did not move too quickly. It was not too hard for Steve to do it with Peter pulling at him to stop and let him touch or look at something closer. By the time they reached the Tower, Peter was absolutely exhausted.
“…They are both blind to it,” Pepper groaned, leaning against the elevator wall.
Bucky slowly got up as Pepper opened the box. The first item she pulled out was a plain t-shirt and she held it up to Bucky’s chest to make sure it’d fit. She mumbled, “It’ll do…Jarvis, send me his measurements and I’ll go shopping tomorrow after work.”
Steve shivered. Bucky must have been restating something that had been said to him. He clenched his fists and his nails bit into his skin. He wanted to tear into whoever said these things to his friend.
They could not stay too long, after a couple of hours, the Americans began to pack up.
Steve exchanges warm smiles with his fiancé and then with best friend. Never in his wildest dreams did he ever imagine his heart feeling so full and happy in a hospital cafeteria of all places. But here they were his family complete, together at last...
They moved like they were totally in sync.
Tony opened his mouth to retort but Peter raised his hand to silence him. He wasn’t done speaking.
One night, after listening to Steve and Bucky talk about their lives in Brooklyn for the dozenth time, an idea occurred to him.
“Got it, Boss,” the AI said.
He began to hurry over to Peter while murmuring into his radio, “I need a 10-52 at the corner of 47
because we clearly are no longer
Steve found him down there surrounded by holograms. He was trying to figure out what to get Peter so he had various websites open with things ranging from chemistry to photography.
“L-Like what?”
“Oh, God,” Wade gasped. His arms shook and he shakily lowered himself to lay completely down on Peter. He pressed his forehead against Peter’s and he breathlessly asked, “D-Did I do that to you?”
“And he happens to
Instead, he somehow found the strength to play it off as nothing. He chuckled to himself as he stepped away to act as if he had thought of something funny and wasn’t about to just confess his love to the man. Yet, on the inside, he felt like his heart was crumbling.
“Boy or girl? I vote girl. Natasha Jr. will need a partner when facing off against the boys,” Bucky stated.
Steve smirked and nuzzled his face into Tony’s hair. Into his scalp, he murmured, “You are so filthy, whatever am I going to do with you?”
Steve rolled his eyes and murmured, “Disgustingly so. I don’t think we have any problem there anymore.”
Hulk roared and leapt to Loki but as soon as he moved Loki disappeared. Hulk landed on the railing instead of the trickster god. The railing crumpled underneath his weight and Hulk had to slam his thick fingers into the concrete floor to keep from falling over the side. He pulled himself up then circled the area where Loki stood and muttered dangerously, “Where Puny God go? Hulk smash Puny God.”
Steve sputtered and blushed deeply as his fantasies ran wild. Truth be told, he wanted both. Whenever he masturbated it was done imagining thrusting into another but he also imagined the sensation of being taken in turn.
year!”
Steve shrugged and murmured, “I was just wondering how it works.”
“Yes, I could tell my level of attraction to men and women differed
Steve flushed and shyly smiled. He whispered, “You won’t mind? I know you’re not a big art person.”
Peter snapped his head up and looked down at his uncle below him. He retorted, “Go ahead and leave. Pops did. Uncle Tony did. Now
Tony’s leg came up between Steve’s legs and he pressed it onto Steve’s crotch. Steve flushed at the sudden attention and his mind ran wild at the obvious implication. Tony wanted Steve and he was obviously speaking in the biblical sense. Tony was also flushing but he licked his lips and his hands found their way under Steve’s shirt. He ran his hands along the ridges of Steve’s abs. It was slightly ticklish, but he barely noticed it under the overwhelming arousal that blossomed in his gut from the caress of those warm fingers.
He wasn’t in the Allies’ hands, but the enemy’s.
Jarvis let him know it arrived and Tony went downstairs himself to pick it up.
Relief flooded him and he gasped, “You’re both fine.”
Ben slid back and stepped up. He held out his hand to Steve and helped pull him up. Steve cradled Peter closely to his chest and Ben gently grasped his elbow and led him to the elevator.
“…Bruce?”
“Oh, I’d love to but I don’t want to risk another relative hating on me for practically deflowering their precious boy.”
Steve shook his head and said, “There’s nothing, sir. I need to go now. Peter needs some real food.” And Bruce.
Steve marveled as they entered the loud room. The various machines made noises even when not being used and a few kids clustered around and exclaimed when a friend beat another level.
Again and again they tried to no avail.
“We need to get you down first!” Steve replied. Thor could fly but that was only because of the explosive force of his hammer, could he float up to Peter? Or did they have to get a ladder?
For a moment, he thought she was pulling away from him and his heart seized. He thought his arm had disgusted her and lamented his loss. But then she untucked her shirt from her pants and began to unbutton it.
Eddie chuckled darkly at Peter’s ironic observation and drank another gulp of water. He finally met Peter’s eyes and said, “I think we’re still in the middle of our experiment though. We still haven’t found out the effects Venom had on us. It had easily fused with our solution at the beginning of the experiment. Did it do anything to us while we wore it? Have we changed because of it?”
Steve turned on his phone and saw he had a few missed calls. He checked his inbox and saw he missed calls from everyone on the team…
“Hold,” Natasha replied and turned back to the officer. “I need to know everything about this incident and the perpetrator’s last known location.”
It'll only be two or three chapters more, with a lot of skipping ahead, but I couldn't just end it without exploring a little bit more of their futures! :)
Tony forced his gaze back onto his holograms but he didn’t read the calibrations. Instead, he had the strangest urge to go find Thor and clap him on the back and buy the man a drink. He wanted to talk to Steve about it but…
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve innocently licked the sauce off his fingertips and Tony stopped chewing. His brain decided it could handle only so much when Steve was…was doing
Bird brain here wanted to kill his future son and, according to Wade, they had done it once and Tony wasn’t going to waste his breath teasing the man to risk it happening again. He and the Vulture flew head-to-head and, once the man realized Tony wasn’t going to stop, he expanded his wings and jerked to a stop. He was holding what looked like a flame thrower on steroids and pointed it at Tony.
, and as soon as possible. Then you need to start gearing us up for war.”
Stark rolled his eyes and sarcastically grunted, “Intellectual curiosity?” With a glare leveled at him, Stark rephrased, “I just wanted to know about the shield! Steve’s shield had been made from a huge amount of Vibranium and I was wondering if my father had somehow made a formula! That was all until Steve came into the picture!” Stark saw the disbelief in Fury’s expression so he added, “Just ask Coulson! I told him all of this too!”
The portal, the endless expanse of space, and the knowledge of never returning to Earth…to Steve.
“That actually sounds amazing,” Steve sighed.
It was late by the time they got back to the apartment. The Soldier instantly dismantled his gun and started to clean it. Natasha left him with her rifle and went into the kitchen to make them some food. As she did, she started guessing names again.
Tony chuckled and said, “They have some of your old sketches there!
“We both are,” Peter stated.
“He and Peter have not stopped talking since he got here,” Steve whispered, smiling warmly at the scene before him.
Fury crossed his arms and nodded, “That is correct.”
Steve cupped his face and smiled at him when he met his eyes. He whispered, “Who wouldn’t want the incredible Iron Man as a father? Or, better yet, the intelligent, brave, gracious, and handsome Tony Stark?”
Steve flushed and murmured, “Why does everyone think that?”
At that moment, Natasha knew she would never rest until the monster was dead and his organization with him.
“Peter…It isn’t your mother,” Coulson stated and, by the way he said it, Mary could tell he had already said it several times.
Recognition finally dawned in the older man’s eyes and Peter deflated.
Two could play at that game. Steve bent over Tony and trailed his kisses down: licking along the pulse in his neck and nibbling at his collarbone. He stopped at the reactor, not knowing how to proceed and, as he looked at it, he noted some bruising.
They could grow old together.
And, for the first time since entering the dreamscape, Steve let a wall grow between them. The last Steve saw of Tony’s face was a hurt, betrayed expression.
“I’m here, Peter,” Steve gasped frantically. It was up to his son’s chest but did not seem to restrict his son’s rapid breathing. “We’re going to get you out of this!” Steve raised one hand to his ear piece and screamed into his communicator, “TONY GET DOWN HERE NOW!”
After everything they sacrificed, did Hydra still get him in the end? Was this the beginning of his life as the Winter Soldier?
Tony turned on his repulsors and raised into the air to keep his distance. It caused a commotion among the people gathered in the room, they obviously were not used to flying robotic men, but none of them tried to attack him…yet.
Steve’s sky blue eyes flickered open and latched on Tony. He stared at Tony for a few seconds with a steady gaze and an unreadable expression.
Steve came first and Tony thrust madly into his fist and came quickly after. Steve fell on top of Tony and Tony wrapped his arms around him.
The impalement of the betrayal twisted itself a little deeper into Tony’s heart and he gasped to Steve, “
Tony put his hand over Steve’s, pressing Steve’s palm into the warm reactor. He whispered, “I know how you feel.”
Bucky stalked back to the foot of his bed and looked furious.
Tony grinded onto Steve, following the beat to the music and humped his hips into Steve’s leg. He dug his hands into Steve’s hips and, being the quick learner that he was, Steve grabbed Tony’s torso and pulled Tony’s body to meet his in his own gyrations.
“We won, Dad…we won…
Gritting his teeth, Steve slowly raised his hands over his head. Beside him, Tony did the same, cursing lightly under his breath.
Steve came to the scene with the rest of the team in a quinjet. It was the first time in years since he had arrived as such. Usually, he and his husband flew together and were the first on scene…
Steve put his hand over his mouth as he stepped forward and lightly touched the photo of what was obviously their wedding day.
Tony nuzzled his face into Steve’s chest, rested his cheek against his heart, and he felt it beat lightly beneath Steve’s skin. Tony hummed in approval and the sound vibrated into Steve’s flesh.
Cold fingers curled into Steve’s hand and carded between the joints of his fingers. It was a familiar touch, not the touch of a stranger but a loved one and in this case, a man he loved dearly. Steve froze. He would know that touch anywhere.
“No,” Pepper retorted with a smirk. She teased, “If he’s brave enough to fall in love with you then there can’t be much left to mortify him…”
His parents were together when he finally reached the lab. They’d been standing with each other in the middle of a bunch of holograms but Tony shut them all down when he entered.
Venom twisted unpleasantly. It wanted him to run from the Avengers but Steve was in control and Steve stood his ground.
Steve laughed dryly at his own expense and Bucky eyed him with concern.
“I don’t know…” Howard whispered. One moment they had been driving to Howard’s new lab and the next they were on the side of the road. Did they blow a tire? Hit an animal?
Turning to the screens, Steve murmured, “He’s doing well. The mission is almost done and he and Natasha will be home soon.”
well.”
In his era, these kind of people were reviled but now…it was a norm. They were passing laws so they could get married. Steve did not know what to think. In his era, he’d never paid attention to the flints downtown. He never really had an opinion about them…his world was Brooklyn, work, his friends, and standing up to bullies.
Tony’s face suddenly lit up and he gasped, “But back to Lana!”
They tried to say each other’s names at the same time then grinned bashfully at each other.
“No, I’m serious, Mar. You look good.”
He spared one last glance to the chaotic future they were leaving behind and prayed to God that they’d find a way to fix it.
“Bucky, how – what – what are you doing?” Steve had so many questions but the most important was this one. How was his friend alive? Why was he attacking Tony? And what was in that syringe!?
“Supply me with a map and I will supply you with a location.”
His target’s teammates raced to her side and helped her sit up. She looked disoriented and her neck was already swelling.
Coulson and Bruce stepped back into the hallway but Tony remained where he was standing. Thor looked to him and Tony nodded him on and said, “Go for it, big guy.”
End it did, but when they returned to the dreamworld, Tony was filthy, his skin sunburned and bruised but he wore a weary smile.
Steve brushed the pillow off with a smirk and asked, “Then what do you suggest we do instead?”
It had been decades.
Steve sat with him for a few moments, watching Tony as he fell asleep. They were in full view of strangers so he couldn’t reach out and touch him like he wanted. It was harder now knowing how easily Tony could die. The chip he put back into his body looked like it was barely held together. He could go at any moment.
The sky was nearly as white as the landscape but he was still able to pinpoint the bright point where the sun’s white glow was almost indiscriminate. From there he trudged on. He kept his head bowed and put all his concentration into walking.
Tony knew what was going to happen.
Peter playfully slipped out of Wade’s arms, taking the flowers with him, and asked, “So what do you want to do tonight?”
Steve shook his head and reasoned, "It would have been my home."
Steve rolled his eyes and bent down to peel off his socks.
He went into the deli and ordered a large roast beef sandwich with everything on it plus a large soda, two bags of chips, and a dozen cannolis. With his metabolism, this would be enough to abate his hunger. The deli owner wanted him to take it all, free of charge, but Steve insisted on paying and even left the man with a hefty tip.
Peter did not immediately return to the penthouse after he and Eddie called it quits for the day. Instead, he went to the Avengers’ labs and there he found Bruce and Scott hunched over a
“Venom doesn’t want any of you near me,” Peter whispered in explanation.
“Work,” she replied and it was the answer Peter expected. It seemed all she did was work. Even with Peter’s scholarship, there was an enormous amount of money need for his schooling. Textbooks and supplies for a science degree cost a fortune! They were asking over fifty dollars for a single beaker alone! A little container of glass! It probably only cost a dollar to make!
That must’ve been it.
He forcibly sat between them, breaking them apart and wrapped his arms around their shoulders. Tony instantly frowned at him, displeased by his presence. A ghost of Steve's touch remained on his flesh and he ran his fingers over his chin as if to make sure he really was no longer there.
Tony snorted and sarcastically retorted, “You got me. I love your hot body.”
Steve had given up on trying to get the young man to call him ‘Steve’ and Steve smiled sadly at him. He held out his hands together. The officer stepped forward and clicked metal cuffs onto his wrists.
“Remember, hold your head high, Steve. You are innocent,” Pepper stated as the car slowed to a stop.
Natasha snatched the box back and said, “Not before you promise to stop
Steve stood up and announced, “That's it. You are uninvited to this table. Go eat somewhere else.”
“Everything alright, Peter?” Steve asked, stepping beside him.
Peter wanted to turn around right there and flee.
Peter snorted again as the suit melted off him and pooled into the can. He was wearing the same clothes as before underneath minus his shoes. Once the dark mass was off him, he dropped the now full trashcan on Wade’s desk and walked back over to him.
And then the X-Jet appeared.
! Jarvis, what will happen if Tony’s wounds go untreated?”
“Boo,” Tony whined, still smirking at his fiancé.
“Where’s Tony?” Peter asked, his father’s name felt odd on his tongue. Tony was “Dad” and he hadn’t been on a first name basis with him for years.
They both turned and he felt Tony stiffen next to him.
“He’s stable, Sir,” Jarvis stated. “As of right now, yes, he's going to live.”
He led despite his anxiety. He gave orders and directed the team while fighting off bots and worrying about Peter. They defeated the bots but thanks to the sudden arrival of group of people calling themselves “The Fantastic Four” Doctor Doom got away.
“They say it’s unnatural,” Bucky replied, his heart going out to his friend. “That the implants are supposed to find your perfect ‘biological’ match. So when fruits are paired together people say it’s because they’ve got bad genes.”
Tony dropped his hands and fell to his knees. Venom continued to melt off Peter, revealing more of his skeletal frame.
“After we get home,” Steve whispered, the word “home” making his heart swell as he said it. He continued, “And, after we make love
! Natasha wants us to stop!”
“No, no, no! Look!” Tony pointed to their photo and Steve’s face went blank.
The hours ticked by and they left behind their serious talk to laugh about the little nuances in life.
“Believe it or not, I had to choose between meeting the Norse God of Thunder or talking to you. So, you should consider yourself lucky.”
It wouldn’t have if
Nope. He was going to put an immediate halt to
Steve thought himself totally lost to the moment until the door opened and he jolted up with the sound. Tony jumped back too, more from Steve’s reaction, and released his cock with a pop. Tony spun on his knees to face the source of the sound: Pepper.
“We need to run tests,” Peter whispered. “All of our parameters will have changed.”
“Yes, sir.”
“We can continue this later…” Steve whispered in his ear. “I need to get some clothes and then we should find Peter.”
“And that’s what made all of my cognitive functions detonate…I was hoping I misheard you. Holy shit, I’m gonna have a kid.” Howard stopped rubbing his head and ran his hand through his hair. His expression was more open than he’d ever seen it. Gone were the teasing eyes and sardonic smile. Howard was shocked with a scared gaze that couldn’t meet anyone’s eyes. He gasped, “The timelines match up…it’s – it’s the Commandos’ Tony, isn’t it?”
“Jarvis!” Peter said with a smile, his cheer slicing through the tension like a hot knife through butter.
This chapter is a little longer than all the others!
“…All my life,” Steve replied with the truth and it surprisingly came out easier than he thought. After so many years of keeping it locked up, it left him as easily and as quickly as blinking. He flushed as soon as the words left his mouth but he kept his expression neutral.
“What?”
Her eyes searched his, looking for him in his gaze. He made sure to stare straight at her and washed away the mask he usually wore. She placed her hand over his, encasing his hand against her face and squeezed hopefully.
Grinning cheekily, Tony turned back to the Captain and put his hands on his hips with a heavy sigh. “If I wasn’t meeting my soulmate in a month, I’d be all over that.”
Abruptly, Tony fell back with his father’s words and landed roughly in a stiff seat. In front of him were plane controls for an older plane and a beautiful blue sky. He relaxed. Flying a plane was a better experience than dealing all his bottled-up childhood regrets.
Captain America,” Tony added.
“What am I signing up for?” Steve sighed loudly.
He would do anything to save Steve and Peter.
He'd so much rather stay in bed with Tony.
Steve studied Tony for a moment and then replied, “If I call her ‘Susan’ then it sounds too personal and…gross.”
“–and he was alive.”
Tony dropped his head into his hands and muttered, “I fucked up…I royally fucked up…”
“He has a universally recognizable face. There is even a poster of him in the Science Division’s offices.”
Steve sat down heavily on the stone and watched Bucky go with a heavy heart.
The suit came to a sudden halt in front of Steve then opened so Tony could jump out of it. Steve jerked forward to catch his husband and pulled him into a tight embrace.
Tony put down his food and slowly drew his foot up Steve’s thigh. The super soldier’s tired eyes widened and he sat up straighter. Tony grinned slyly at Steve and then stood as he said, “I’ve got to take a piss.”
He was not alive but he was here, at least, in the dream world. And whatever trial that was, he had made it through at least and was going to stay in Tony’s dreams.
But he couldn't…they only had a small window for their bath and then as only an infinitesimal amount of time left to them alone together before they headed out.
“Well, now you can!” The guard countered, like it was the best idea in the world.
He just wanted to scream. Everything that could go wrong
“Bucky, you can trust me,” Steve whispered. Buck’s eyes narrowed and he studied him as if he was trying to understand what he was. Had he forgotten him already? Steve’s chest tightened and he tried to relay all his trust and love through his eyes.
“We all came for you,” Tony stated in confusion, obviously thinking he was referring to one of their teammates.
“Well, I was wondering if you wanted to take the long way back? The moon is full tonight and it's pleasant outside…” Steve’s words trailed off and his cheeks were lightly flushed. “It’s a nice night and it’d be a shame to enjoy it alone.”
It was unnerving.
, and so…right.
“Peter—!” Steve began but Tony put a hand on his arm. This was the last thing Tony wanted, to see all of that hate and anger directed at him through his son's eyes. Tony felt like his very soul was crumbling. His son was right there, in front of them, but he was miles away. Peter didn't want him there. It was so obvious and devastating and Tony couldn't stay there anymore to see that ire grow. Even Steve wouldn't be able to save Tony if he stayed there any longer with Peter looking at him like that...
She smiled sadly at him. She probably saw through his façade. She pulled on their joined hands and pressed herself into James’ chest. His breath caught in his throat whenever she did this. He was always overcome with the clash of the newness and the familiarity of her touch.
Steve reached out to Tony from where he fell but the man would not move. They killed him. They actually killed him.
This last month I moved to a new place so I still am in the process of moving and settling in so this fic will come out in random spurts but I will try to get a new chapter out every week or two! I'll be posting the updates and teasers on my
serious about him.
“My dad…hasn’t been feeling well,” Harry cautioned. He pressed the button for the penthouse and the elevator silently rose.
His traitorous body interpreted the events of his dream differently and he was painfully hard from the short sequence. Steve stripped and slipped into a cold shower.
“This is really happening?” Peter whispered.
“I’ve got a nuke coming in and it’s going to blow in less than a minute,” Tony stated and Steve’s breath caught in his throat. They shot a nuclear bomb at New York?! Tony continued, “And I know just where to put it…”
“I'm not following you because of that!” Steve gasped in shock. Tony tweaked an eyebrow and together he and Steve slowly exited the elevator and entered his lab.
“Did you forget the bit when I told you there is no other element I could use for my core?” Tony asked dryly, referring to their conversation right before he pulled out the arc reactor.
Nothing would come between them.
Cable walked up to them and nodded at Steve and said, “Glad to see the current you right now. I prefer you to the past, mopey you.”
“Yet?” Tony replied darkly, his eyes narrowing on his friend.
“Before the crash,” Tony guessed. Steve stared at the picture and nodded stiffly.
Howard moaned as he came to and Steve stopped fanning him. He lightly touched Howard’s shoulder and quietly said, “Howard?”
Rogers picked up both of their cups and explained, “Tony drinks his coffee that way too.”
“I am able to connect to Jarvis out here,” Tony stated. “Jarvis does not notice anything is amiss. Are Peter and Bruce alright?”
Tony took a steadying breath and stopped in his tracks. The infinity stone hidden in his stolen briefcase felt like it weighed a ton. His heart was beating wildly and, behind him, Howard Stark, of all people, told him, “The door’s this way, pal.”
Steve watched him inhale the coffee with a pinched expression. He asked, “Is it true that you rarely sleep down here?”
His body moved forward as he tried to blink back his blurring vision. Only when he realized he was moving again did his heart rate begin to race.
“Peter…I know what I’m saying right now sounds impossible but I think you can learn to accept too. Maybe you can’t do it right now but, eventually, you will be able to move on.” Peter looked crushed and his gaze dropped as he peered dejectedly at Tony’s chest. Bruce whispered, “…I’m sorry. I know this isn’t some kind of instant magical cure-all but change takes time.”
He did not know what Tony was thinking of all of this. He was silent about it and only spoke when inquiring about Steve’s health.
why you changed your codename.”
He closed his eyes remembering his final moments with his soulmate and tried to engrave them into his memory…because who was he kidding?
His heart ached at the very thought of seeing Steve’s smile even diminish a little…and Tony did not want to leave him. Steve’s company was the only reason he was surviving the past. He’d gone crazy by now if it weren’t for him.
Tony lay beside Steve in the small space he provided between his body and the chair but kept his foot hooked in between his legs. The heat from Steve’s body burned into Tony’s flesh and made the rest of him feel cold. It would have been impossible to hide his half hard cock in such close quarters so Tony pressed it against Steve’s thigh.
“You did a very poor job in concealing it,” Norman retorted icily. “Your son introduced himself as Peter
“...Did you go online?”
Only a couple of days ago, Peter would have freaked out with Wade holding him so, but now…his mouth was dry, his pulse was racing, and he wanted to lean back, deeper into Wade’s embrace.
Bucky remained dead to the world on the couch in a deep sleep. Steve bit down on his bottom lip. He doubted Bucky slept so well anywhere else. Bucky truly felt safer around Steve. He hoped he did not destroy that trust with what he had to say…
are going to grow old together and fret over Peter and his children and his children’s children.”
“Tasha what did you say to him? You broke him!” Clint gasped. He sat up and stared openly at Steve.
She did this to Peter.
Steve leaned over and pressed a kiss into Tony’s mouth. Both of their moans mingled together and they breathed as one to better keep their mouths connected. Tony didn’t know if he wanted to keep his hands on Steve’s hips or his head. He wanted both points closer and deeper. He wanted to be one with this man every way possible.
, he could break free before it snaked around his limbs again.
“Yippie!” Harry exclaimed and the tiny Thor spun in victorious circles over their heads.
“Yeah, about that you freakin’ punk, I was supposed to be your best man! Thanks for waiting!” Bucky said, punching Steve in the arm.
Pepper’s eyes got bigger and then they rolled back and she threw back her head with a sigh, obstructing her face from view. She groaned, “Once again he’s taking after you Tony. He managed to find the most impossible person in the world and then date him.”
Tony knew why and crawled onto Steve's lap. He slipped his arms around the back of his neck and lightly kissed his lips before he teased, “You are so cute.”
“I’ve never wanted to be serious with anyone until I met your son,” Wade countered, his voice level and devoid of his usual cheery nature. He was being serious right now. He wanted to convince Peter’s dad how much this meant to him.
“So?” Steve eagerly asked, “What do you think? Do you want to have another kid?”
Steve glanced around and spotted more of his friends. Natasha was talking with a nurse over by one of the check-in windows. Bucky was leaning into her side looking the part of someone needing to be check-in to the ER and he probably was not faking the sick look on his face. Bruce was mascaraing as a doctor and was looking at a chart. Even Sam Wilson was there and he and Clint sat next to each other in the waiting room, both wore sweaters like Steve’s with their hoods low but were keeping an eye on Steve.
Wade groaned and dug his fingers into Peter’s back as he breathlessly replied, “
“Then we better get a move on before the Martians attack,” Bucky retorted, swatting Steve like a horse to move quicker.
“Fine, midnight,” he replied.
The police jumped on the madman and quickly handcuffed him. The girl ran from Chewie, screaming until she reached the safety of the police.
The figure stood and the blackness melted away from the face, revealing Peter. Peter grinned at him and his eyes trailed down to where he held his box of knives in one hand and in the other he had the 24
Bruce rolled his eyes and Coulson bristled, “
“Yes,” Steve gasped, already imagining Tony’s hot mouth engulfing him.
Tony’s voice dwindled to a halt as Steve stepped outside.
“Waiting for you,” Steve murmured, laying a hand onto Tony’s thigh.
Tony flailed his limbs wildly as he escaped Thor’s hold and yelled to Steve, “I am not leaving without you!!”
Mine,
He was starting to grow restless, more so after the events of earlier that day.
They crawled onto the bed together and simply lay there for a moment. Steve’s eyes took in Tony’s nude form and obvious arousal before finally settling on Tony’s face. Tony too was checking him out and, when his gaze returned to Steve’s, he smiled at him.
! Steve that’s like the upgraded, flashier version of the time travel devices we used to travel back in time to get the infinity stones!!”
Peggy perked her perfect eyebrow in question and Steve realized he was just staring at them. He quickly stated, "Oh, um, this is Tony! Tony, this is Agent Peggy Carter and Mr. Howard Stark."
So far, his birthday was perfect…
Peter continued to smile at him but Wade swore he could see Peter’s eyes glow with more love at his words. Peter leaned in and Wade met him halfway to share a kiss that was as strong with love as he had seen in Peter’s gaze.
Peter was sitting at Bucky’s feet, his hand on his leg, and he was peering up at Bucky. Bucky was hunched over with his hands sitting relaxed in his lap and he was telling Peter, “—im since we were kids, so I guess I’m more of an un—…” He paused when he noticed Steve and Tony.
Tony smirked and excitedly gasped, “I corrupted you. Dear God in heaven, I have turned your favorite son into a deviant!”
Peter’s legs were still wobbly so he put some weight on the pole and its wheels squeaked lightly as he padded over to the prone body of his dad.
Peter grasped his father’s arm and pressed, “Are you sure, Dad?”
“…And the boy?” Mary asked.
Dad fell back into Pops and both men erupted into a fit of uncontrollable giggles. Peter rolled his eyes and murmured, “Real mature, guys…”
Tony stuttered too but he couldn't help it. He was so scared and excited that this was happening.
Steve chuckled and let Tony drag him out of the arcade by their clasped hands.
He could hear the diminutive smile in her voice as she replied, “I better be your number one.”
Bucky snorted and clapped Tony’s arm in return and assured him, “We’ll have to sit him down because I am going to make a goddamn speech out of it.”
Tony unconsciously pushed himself closer into Steve and Steve’s eyes heated as he got a little emotional. If he had never been frozen he would have probably lived out the rest of his life in a lie. He would have never dated another man and would have died old and alone.
“Yes,” Steve agreed.
What was going on?
“Approximately two years, Sir,” the AI replied.
. There’s nothing to feel guilty about!”
“My room,” Steve replied breathlessly, his entire body tingling with excitement and anxiety. Tony’s hazel eyes grew a shade darker as desire settled in and he licked his lips. Steve whispered pointedly to Tony, his voice on the verge of shuddering, “I won’t need the bed.”
“Wait a minute—,” Steve gasped. He had no part in this new scheme!
What happened next, Steve would have never expected.
Richard Parker had started his career in his second family’s business, Stark Industries. He moved up quickly in the biological sector and eventually became to head of the department. What made him so renown was when he partnered with Norman Osborn, bought out the department, and cut all ties with Stark Industries nearly two decades ago.
The archer notched an arrow and pointed it at the soft flesh of his neck. His target surprisingly let go of his hands and reached out to the archer. Using the last of her air, she let out a strangled, “N-No!”
“I crawled,” Peter replied. “…So can I open it?”
He sat up slowly as he remembered his target…Natasha, sitting with him and holding him through the night. She left him when he regained composure but her leaving left his chest feeling hollow in ways he never thought possible.
your chest???”
“Peggy, Schmidt’s dead,” Steve stated.
He kept trying to get his name and started to notice a pattern.
Steve woke with a sharp hiss and gasped, “
Bucky grinned and rubbed his arm, where Steve had hit him, as he replied, “You too, punk.”
“I’m coming, Peggy,” Steve promised but he could not help but wonder if he missed their date.
“Wha-What?”
He leaned heavily against the counter and whispered to Steve, “I think I’m going to bulk up the Mini-Mark 15’s armor and give him real repulsors so none of the Mini Avengers can beat him!”
Hulk loosed one of his meaty hands around Schmidt and then slammed him into the wall before he could finish.
“Weird,” Steve supplied him with a word.
from me.” He looked back to her, his dark eyes revealed a storm of emotions that seemed to be overwhelming him.
“Eddie, Mac was working on something vastly different than us!”
Steve wanted to follow Tony back to bed with every fiber of his being but…
Coulson’s team pounced on the camera to the docks and poured over the footage immediately. They knew which ship the Captain had left on but they had to confirm. The tech guys were working on clearing the footage and the rest of the agents were scouring up any clues they could find in the arctic camp.
“I didn't think I could be such a horn dog…” Peter murmured.
“Try not to drool Bruce,” Tony commented dryly and he eyed Peter’s hands speculatively.
“Moon landing?”
“My number two OTP just became canon,” Wade whispered, almost in a dreamlike state as the shuffled out of the main hall with the rest of the attendees.
“Palladium. Do you have any?” Steve said, jumping right into the heart of the matter.
Wade buried his face into Peter’s neck and whispered, “I know…”
The question shocked him. Steve had hopefully imagined being with a man as a teenager, he’d shamefully dreamed of it as a young adult, and he had only just recently believed he could truly be happy with a man thanks to Tony.
Once in the busy lobby, Tony led Steve to the main desk to check in and walked closely to him, his hand brushing Steve’s multiple times. Everyone was staring them as they crossed the room. Tony counted at least three people sneaking pictures of them and he knew there definitely had to be more that he did not see.
His and Wade’s eyes met and they grinned at each other. This Venom was smaller and weaker than the original. With Wade helping him, and soon the Avengers as well, Peter was positive he’d soon be out of the alien’s clutches again –.
She probably moved on and had a family of her own…In fact, everyone he knew were old or dead…
“…Everything is different now,” Tony assured him. “
Tyler was being unusually silent. She never once interrupted the proceedings but her eyes were always angry.
let any of them sleep over!” Bucky looked over to the door. It was only open just a crack and no one would’ve been able to see in but Bucky ran over to it, cursing, “Christ!”
Forget the bed, Tony would probably find more comfort from Steve’s embrace.
He automatically checked the barrel, the ammunition, and the safety switch. All was right. The gun was deadly and she had given it to him without any qualm.
Instead, Steve agreed, "Till the end of the line." He clasped Bucky's forearm and they stared at each other for several seconds. This could be one of the last moments he interacted with Bucky but no other words needed to be said.
Tony hesitated and then walked back to Bucky’s side. He didn’t think the man was ready for the amount of physical contact that came with a hug. So he merely placed a comforting hand on Bucky’s shoulder and, to his surprise, Bucky leaned into the touch.
Their friends chuckled and the wedding photographer went crazy in taking pictures. Tony’s hand settled above his heart and, for those few moments, everything felt perfectly right.
They were going to be hunkering down at the location until Colonel Phillips and the rest of the 107th grouped up with them. Currently, only one-third of the 107th was at the base with Steve and the rest of the Commandos. The smaller unit was more mobile but still had more than enough men for Steve to make the quick attack they needed to take down the base.
and I tried to…uh,
They were still laughing when they went down to the garage, where Happy was waiting for them with their ride.
Steve gulped. Eat humans in other words.
He grabbed the closest human. It was a man. Venom lifted him up to his mouth but paused when he saw the blue of his wide eyes.
“The devouring one?” Steve mumbled against the back of Tony’s hand. He kissed his hand again, his tongue shooting out for one quick taste.
wanted him."
Tony and Pepper hovered together over an empty counter debating who to invite. The lab had been mostly cleared out so Tony could concentrate solely on Peter's birthday. The bots had even been given cheap party hats and DUM-E somehow got one of those straw-paper blowouts. The bot had no lungs so it could not properly use the party favor but it still swung it around excitedly.
Tony landed in front of the machine and yelled, “Okay! We are stopping this right now! You!” He pointed at a soldier from the attacking force and the man flinched back as if Tony was going to shot him. Tony rolled his eyes but the man did not see as his face was hidden behind his face shield. Tony asked, “Who are you?”
Coffee sounded amazing. Beyond that though…Tony did not know how to function.
Natasha shook her head, lightly running her fingers through his hair, and murmured, “He needs more time to heal and remember.”
Steve followed his friend’s lead and they slowly pushed through the mass of people.
Steve turned off the screen and looked outside. He stared unseeingly at the landscape they drove by and darkly pondered where his son was.
“It’s mostly from shrapnel,” Tony answered the unasked question. “The rest are from a paltry surgery that was done in the middle of a cave with poor lighting and a patient who was awake for part of it…”
Tony sighed heavily again and shook his head.
As soon as the car screeched to a halt, Tony gasped, “I think I pissed myself.” He was holding onto the car with a white knuckle grip. His laptop was forgotten with a bullet hole smoke inhalation the screen.
The hospital was a bustle of worried patients and pale personal. Most did not know the cause of the shake just yet and all were speculating its cause, nearly all of which sounded Hydra related. Tony ignored them in favor of getting to Thor. Jarvis kept him updated on the Norse God’s status. Coulson and Bruce met him out in the fields and were walking back to the hospital when Tony finally reached them.
–did you want to talk about him?” Tony asked.
“What’d he say?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Natasha was the informal version of Natalia but she still remembered it to be her true name even though everyone else in her life knew her as “Natasha” only.
He threw a few bags into the basket and hissed, “Where we are does not change anything. We are still in the same era. We still can change the future…and we still have to save Stark’s life. You two interacting in this era can change that. You
Hulk turned his murderous gaze on them and Steve felt his heart clench with fear.
Peter still held Wade, but he reached out to Steve and lightly grasped his arm. He whispered, “Thank you for coming out here. If you two were just engaged that means it’s the same day you were reunited right?”
“You got it,” Tony promised with a grin, happy to switch gears to less serious topics.
“…Just saying, there’s a reason Steve was so hurt by those pictures being taken. He may or may not have made certain assumptions—,” Natasha drawled.
Steve quickly reworked the plan in his mind and began to walk both Peter and Venom to the cage.
Tony fingered the edge of his robe and asked, “May I?”
“My pleasure,” Tony murmured. He scrambled to his feet and tore off his towel. Tony slid into the tub between Steve’s legs and placed his hands down on either side of his hips. Tony’s cock was swollen hard and he thrust it in the direction of Steve’s erection but only ghosted over the tub water. Tony exhaled heavily and his hot breath caressed his cock. Steve shuddered and inhaled a shaky breath.
“I…I’m sorry, Peter,” Wade whispered.
bedroom. The building had its own arc reactor and would be able to be powered for centuries. The island itself was a small blotch of land and Steve wouldn’t get a proper run on it but Tony planned to make the younger man so exhausted from other activities that he wouldn’t need to run.
.” Tony waved his hands between them. Bucky would, no doubt, want to talk about him being from the future and Tony would have to make sure both men do not talk about Tony being from the future to the others BUT, first… Tony needed to know all the juicy details about Steve’s mano-y-mano activities!
Tears instantly sprung to his eyes and he buried his face into Pops’ chest as he hugged him tightly. Peter wailed, “
“S-Something’s happening,” Tony gasped, his fingers digging into the flesh of Steve’s back.
Steve had expected Tony to say all of that except the proclamation of love at the end. It was the only point in the speech that Tony had stumbled over his words but regardless he had stated to loving Steve.
He slammed the door closed and bolted the lock. He turned back to Steve with a furious glare and hissed, “Are you
With his entire left side aflame, he was thrown back similarly as Tony from the force of the snap. He made impact with a concrete slab and his head bounced off the hard rock.
He did it.
Peter smiled too, Tony’s grin was magnetic and he said, “According to Steve we are more alike than we realize. We talked about you, you know…”
Peter’s eyes instantly heated but he blinked it away until it was nothing. His emotions were everywhere with his father’s declaration. The urge to push him away was still there but the urge to embrace him and forgive was even stronger.
Tony hit him with his blasters and Steve could smell the man’s flesh burning from where he was but the stranger moved as if he were unhurt.
She was led back into the courtroom by the bailiff. She was poised with an indifferent expression again and showed none of the fervor from when Steve testified. She pointedly did not look at Steve until she sat at the witness stand. She only met his eyes for a mere second but in that small interval she found the time to haughtily smirk. She cast her eyes elsewhere and the nervous bile that had been bubbling unpleasantly in his stomach suddenly boiled over with rage.
Steve ignored the plea and opened the door.
The team that had ambushed them, stepped back, and a tall figure came forward.
He felt a flare of anger as he remembered Steve berating him not twenty minutes ago. Why did all the bad crap keep happening to him? He survived the Ten Rings…for this? He had made himself survive for a soulmate who’d  love him and he’d love in return. Of all the people on the planet, why did his mate have to be the prick who called him incompetent after saving his life??
A few bullets hit the time machine and Tony instantly knew where his loyalties lay. It was with the machine. It was his
Eventually, they formed a plan and called it a night. The base had separate rooms and Steve and Tony gravitated to one together without question.
Steve followed his gaze and instantly spotted Thor’s hulking form and recognized him even though his friend’s long golden hair was tucked away in a beanie, he wore large glasses, and civilian clothing. He looked like an outrageously buff hipster several feet away and leaning nonchalantly against a pillar.
Steve could be openly gay without any fear of repercussions.
As he questioned, he discovered their flag was Russia’s new flag. The Soviet Union was no more. The Allies had won World War II but there had been more wars since then and the Americans were currently involved in a war with the Middle East.  And then, to hear of the devastation that hit New York,
“What the hell??” Tony hissed, jumping in alarm. He grabbed onto Steve’s bicep with both hands. Tony was already on edge about traveling through time
“Good,” Tony murmured, his warm gaze slowly traveled up his neck before his eyes locked with Steve’s. His eyes flashed with an unknown emotion. Tony ran the tip of his tongue over his lip and Steve’s mouth went dry. Was it really so wrong to want to taste where Tony’s tongue had just flickered across his mouth?...Just only for a moment, just a taste…
Tony shrugged as he leaned against the counter and said, “It’s nothing I haven’t seen before.”
Tony was leaning against his folded arm and running his fingers down Steve’s side. With half lidded eyes and a small, lazy smile gracing his lips. Tony did not notice Steve was awake as he watched his own fingers as they trailed patterns down Steve's side.
Steve wordlessly lay his arm across Tony's shoulders and, surprisingly, kept him in his embrace. The move was Steve nonverbally telling Tony he was forgiven and Tony sighed in relief.
He thanked her either way and scrolled through his other contacts. He outright deleted a few, knowing his new status as Tony Stark’s son would change certain relationships for the worse. Others, like MJ, he didn't even have to think twice about. She was his best friend and would remain so for the rest of their lives, no matter who his father was.
Norman was ready with the exception of one little problem: the robotic clone of Mary Parker was missing. It was the last piece of evidence tying Norman to this dismal failure of an experiment. What’s worse, this evidence could talk.
James adjusted the coat around Steve’s broad shoulders and whispered, “This is real. I am real. Natasha is real. You are real…” His dark blue eyes flickered up to Natasha’s and he whispered, “
The rail he was holding on to broke off and his body fell so fast that Bucky’s mind had only realized what had happened seconds from the ground. His scream of disbelief was cut off by the violent impact of his body slamming into the ground.
Tony did not acknowledge Jarvis but he did turn to Steve when he entered the workshop.
Tony snorted, drawing a small smile to Steve’s lips. Tony monotoned, “There’s no way we’d go to that cheap imitation of paradise where kids only go to act stupid and get drunk. I can imagine a nice island in the Caribbean where we can lounge on a beach clear of broken glass and beer cans.”
Tony grinned knowingly at his friend and said, “Get in the pool, Steve.”
Steve purposely curled the corners of his mouth even more and Bucky’s brow seemed to twitch higher. Tony was sitting across from them and he ducked his head to hide his smile. They were playing cards in the cafeteria and it was after the dinner rush so there were a few groups simply hanging or playing cards like them.
He walked into the living room to see Bruce lounging on one of the couches with his feet propped up on the coffee table and a book on his lap.
. We don’t want that kind of life for you, Peter…”
Peter nervously touched his shirt, taking comfort in Venom’s soft feel.
“Papa?” Peter asked drowsily, “Wha’s happening?”
“I promise, Steve,” Tony replied gently.
Schmidt laughed at him and said, “It’s true isn’t it? I bet the only thing that keeps you going is that implant on your arm. Every day you look at it and are reassured by the fact that its blank and your mate is still alive.”
Steve’s mind was a little foggy as he woke. At first, he didn’t really remember the events before he fell unconscious. He only really registered that he was in a bed. It was as comfortable as the one in the Hydra base so Steve just assumed he was there which made him turn over and reach for Tony.
Natasha was right behind her mate as he ran down the hall into a volley of bullets. She too was hit but she kept running. The pain did not matter. Something was wrong with her mate and she had to help him.
Tony broke their kiss by sucking on Steve’s bottom lip and letting it go with a slight growl. He then trailed his kisses down Steve’s neck and chest. With his mouth free, Steve began to breathe heavily and groan when Tony’s thumb circled the head of his cock. He could not believe the effect Tony was having on him. He was already sweating profusely and shaking like he had been punching the punching bag all day. He was also breathing shallowly and the flush on his cheeks continued to burn. His cock never felt so hard and tenderly swollen.
But he also discovered a sweeter side to his soulmate when they made love. In the act of sex, when either one of them were thrusting into the other, Tony was always talking…but it was always about Steve. He would gasp how much he loved him and how wonderful he was in bed or in general. At the end, when they were all blissed out and cuddling, he’d whisper to Steve how fulfilled he felt with him and that he no longer felt alone ever since Steve had welcomed him into his heart.
Clint and Natasha slipped in just as Sam was packing up his kit.
Her eyes found his and she scrambled to her feet, yelling, “
“Name it.”
Wade kissed Peter over his heart, wordlessly thanking it for giving this man life and making all of this so very real.
“Hi, Uncle Tony,” Peter said with a mouthful of food. He was more awake now kicking his feet over the edge of the counter.
There was also a black and white photo of the Howling Commandoes, Peggy Carter, and Howard Stark. It was another group shot with the Commandoes posing with their weapons and Steve was in the middle again with Bucky Barnes at his side in the middle.
Nothing had been said since their kiss after the battle but Tony knew nothing need be said by the intense, promising looks Steve kept shooting him.
Steve tried to gulp but his throat was suddenly dry. Tony was close, close enough that he could kiss him. He was tempted to do just that and then explain after that he was practicing for later. He looked from his friend’s warm eyes then to his parted lips and faltered.
came spewing out of Peter’s mouth as he recognized Steve Rogers, Captain America and the first Avenger. Of course Peter recognized him! Everybody knew who he was! He was a living legend and he was standing at his front door! Peter reiterated when he saw the shocked, confused look on the Captain’s face. “Yes,” he said, speaking more slowly and calmly. “Yes, I recognize you.”
Tony woke to Steve pushing himself up. Tony blinked away the blur and met Steve’s gaze. Steve grinned sheepishly at him and whispered, “I didn’t mean to wake you up.”
"The soul stone is all about sacrifice...sacrifice for one you love...If my idea doesn't work...She will still live. I'll just die instead."
“How do I
But now…“Where’s Jarvis??”
Peter met Aunt Tasha’s eyes and smiled reassuringly at her.
Instead, Tony whispered hoarsely, “I love you and I will never stop loving you…”
“Kilian, stop this!” Pepper gasped.
Tony pushed away from the doorway and stalked up to Steve.
“I really thought it would work. All the variables fit,” Tony replied in a small voice, smoothing out the sheet over Steve’s chest.
Even connected as they were, Tony bent down and collected Steve into his arms, needing to be closer, needing to hold him tightly to show him how much he needed him still. Steve wrapped his arms and legs around him and pulled him just as closely, probably needing the same contact for the same reason.
“I—Well—I—,” he stuttered.
Steve smiled at his fiancé and sarcastically replied, “Oh, the horror.”
Peter had purposely climbed up the living room ceiling in his family’s penthouse and sat at the highest point, two stories above the floor. Below him, his uncle stood, glaring up at him with his flesh and metal arms crossed over his chest.
She raised her hands and the familiar magenta mist of her magic appeared around her fingers. His skin tingled and his clothes vibrated against his skin as they lost their ruffles. His neck felt particularly weird as the hickies were removed and Tony did a little dance as a cold shiver went down his spine.
“Give me your hand,” Tony whispered, breaking the silence.
“She will attack you too,” Bucky retorted with a groan.
Steve stood straighter but his breathing only became shallower as his unquestionable desire grew.
Venom blinked in surprise and regarded Steve, looking to see if he were telling the truth. Venom eventually stated, “I must feed. If you bond with me, you must give me proper nutrition…If you don’t I will return to my intended host.”
“Pepper, I can’t reach any further and neither can you. You’ve got to let go. Let go, I will catch you. I promise.”
Steve sighed and looked out to the partitions again. Beyond the barriers was a horde of people come just for them and the fake relationship they held. It was astounding what would draw people to them. Throughout the modern world there was still famine, genocide, and intolerant practices but the strongest country on the planet cared more about their love lives than the more serious issues. It was both amazing and horrifying. Steve quietly repeated Tony’s words, mumbling, “Here we are…”
“I know,” Steve said, smiling widely at Tony. He smoothed out the shoulders of Tony’s suit again and Tony chuckled.
Steve ran his thumb over Tony’s lip and his tongue flickered out for a quick lap at Steve’s flesh.
Peter seemed to be the only good thing in his life. His son was gaining weight and was starting to eat yogurt with fruit chunks in it. Peter was going to therapy and sorting what happened out but he seemed to take more comfort in talking to Bruce. Bruce made no complaint about not being a therapist like he had done with Tony years prior. The doctor listened to Peter and drew him out of his shell. It was a vast improvement since Peter had refused to speak in the period between Steve’s death and a week after the funeral.
They needed no words. Their eyes met and their bodies converged upon each other.
“Yes…” Steve whispered, wishing he could ask Tony himself about his father’s opinions but…but Tony probably wanted nothing to do with him at that point.
But Tony’s smile faltered and he looked at Steve uncertainly.
“He’s alive,” Steve replied, throwing a glance over his shoulder to where Tony lay. Tony did not move an inch since Steve had left his side. Steve turned back to Thor and said, “Help Natasha and Clint with the Goblin.”
“Hail, Hydra.”
Steve crossed the hall to Bruce’s lab to check on his friend. Bruce barely slept and ate as he worked tirelessly to find a solution. Steve had been taking care of both him, Tony, and Bucky the last few days and they were a needed distraction.
“Mary,” Steve greeted her with a nod.
Both men were scrambling to right their clothes and his dad gasped, “Sorry, Pete! I forgot you were coming back!”
Bruce led the way into the Tower and they bypassed secretary at the front desk without a word to her.
Gahhh finally! Took these two long enough!
“Getting you naked seemed more important than getting a shave,” Steve smartly retorted, making Tony chuckle again.
“That’s good,” Steve murmured. “Take your time. He needs you and won’t let on how much he does because he’s as stubborn as you.”
But the way Steve responded to him was such a turn on and the feel of that ass –
Peter’s eyes immediately narrowed and he glanced warily between the two superheroes. He stated, “No one needed to tell me about him. He raised me until he died.”
How was this possible? What were the odds?
The robot dipped its head and murmured, “Thank you but the sole reason I am here is because of a time machine. I am from the 21
“He’s eight and takes after you in his ‘humor’,” Natasha stated, quirking a single eyebrow at Tony.
“No – I just…It’s good to see you getting out,” Tony earnestly said.
Tony’s gaze dropped. He had to tell him the truth but he could not look at him while he did it. Steve continued to grip his thigh so Tony placed his hand over Steve’s. He was pleased by the fact he did not pull away and gathered every ounce of courage from it he could...though most of it burned up in the fiery tornado of anxiety churning in his chest.
They kissed again and Steve grasped Tony’s hips to press their bodies as tightly together as their lips. Tony groaned into his mouth and Steve dug his fingers deeper into Tony’s flesh.
“Can…Can you feed Peter?” Steve asked, thinking only of his son's condition. Peter had not eaten his lunch or afternoon snacks. He got to his feet, separating himself from the couch and the memories it contained. He stepped up to Ben and held the toddler out to the older man. Peter frowned, he was split from wanting to stay in his mutually upset father’s arms to escaping into the calmer hold of his uncle’s.
They broke apart to breathe and Peter gasped, “I’m sorry, you were right, I was wrong. I talked to my father and we’re good. Then I tested my new suit and knew I had to see you and…” Peter thrust his hips into Wade’s and continued, “Feel you.”
But when he saw the name on the screen, his throat tightened up and he felt like he was about to topple over.
Ben stepped back and called, “May, can you please come here? I need you to tell me if I’m seeing things…”
Steve’s hand shot away from himself and he gasped aloud, “
She never pushed him for intimacy. She knew he was still adjusting to his memories and to their relationship.
“Do you think –,” Ultron hissed.
Wade shakingly whispered, “I – I want to make love with you t-too.”
“Sit tight, Cap,” Cable assured him. “We’ll stop him.”
“Wait! Let me do a sweep of the perimeter first!” Happy gasped, scrambling out of the car.
“A surprise,” Tony replied to which, Steve’s eyebrows rose in disbelief. Tony flushed and cursed lightly under his breath, he continued, with his shoulder hunched in defeat, “Well I guess it’s not a surprise anymore…
With hours until the party, and his parents busy, he and Wade had time to themselves. Peter enjoyed it. He finally gave Wade a tour of the place and, when they came across his dad’s gaming system, they just had to play a few games.
Tony began to press more kisses down his chest, following the crevice of his pectoral muscles until he made to his abdominal muscles. Once there, Tony’s tongue came out without any warning and licked the skin above his navel. All the muscles in his abdomen clenched and his dick twitched.
Miles away on top of the tower, Steve’s phone rang until it went to voicemail.
Bucky upturned his right arm, exposing his implant. He’d gotten a new one the day before he and Natasha married and didn’t meet her eyes until they were at the altar so their countdown was timed for the moment they married.
] a voice in his head reminded him.
Tony’s grin grew and he said, “
Tony was his soulmate. he should have trusted him instead of jumping to conclusions. they both had pasts...Hell, Steve denied he was gay for years. Neither of them were perfect...
– he doesn’t even know you’re alive. For all he knows, you’re still lost and dead in that plane.”
He couldn’t even call his friend to tell them how much he loved and appreciated them because Obadiah took his cell phone right as Pepper was calling him.
Peter and Wade went racing after him, demanding more information on their future daughter.
“Steve is a sweet guy and you’re….you,” Pepper replied frankly.
Steve ran to the hole he had created in the window down the hall and looked down below. He spotted Venom and the Avengers immediately.
Tony nodded and whispered, “Coulson says he’s been missing too long. He says we need to involve the local government agencies in the search now…As it is, people know something major is up with everything I have in the air around the city…The news organizations are going crazy with their theories…But Coulson thinks it will help.”
Bruce shared one of his rare smiles and said, “I’m happy for you.”
Steve looked from Bucky and frowned at Tony. He had to agree with his friend. Tony’s idea sounded borderline catastrophic.
“An intern he tolerates,” Peter replied with a grin and Wade’s smile widened too.
The judge slammed his gavel and yelled, “Sit down, Mr. Stark! If I hear one more outburst from you, I will have you removed from the court!”
“Not Peter, his bio-shield,” Natasha assured him.
Tony felt Steve freeze underneath his touch and he smiled sadly at him and pulled back from Steve’s hand and he apologized for the kiss by whispering, “Sorry…”
“You found another love,” she whispered, hovering over them. Too close. If she touched Peter…he wound his arms around Peter, trying to protect him.
She went down the hall and said, “Barnes, you drive a hard bargain, but I’ll take it.” To Steve and Tony, she called over her shoulder, “Enjoy the sex, guys!”
He did not hear Jarvis’s, “Very Well,” nor feel the elevator as it began to rise.
“She threatened
Tony groaned deeply and threw back his head into the couch’s cushion. He and the others were sitting in the main room with the news playing out over the big screen. They were getting little to no tidbits of information and the news stations were switching from the scene between Steve and Tony to Steve entering the police station. His laptop was providing no better information. Everyone wanted to gossip over the drama of the arrest and their emotional parting. It was like something out of a soap opera and the media were eating it all up.
“Tony says hello,” Rogers stated and Peter looked at him in surprise.
“Nine.”
Peter chuckled into Wade’s mouth and whispered, “Ready to go out there?”
This was the final straw.
“And –
Wade gulped and felt around the bed for wherever he dropped the bottle. As he did, Peter positioned himself over Wade and Wade’s arms moved more wildly. Wade hissed as their cocks brushed together and Peter bit back a moan.
Enigma was wearing a ballcap and sunglasses, but Tony recognized him instantly. The Audi had tinted windows so he openly stared at the man as he slowly drove by. Now that he was no longer covered in fire extinguisher ash and flinching away from Tony, he saw the blond in his beard…and that he was stacked. Jarvis’s security cameras did not do this guy justice. He was definitely ex-military so why didn’t they find anything on him in the database? Maybe he was special forces? But what would special forces want with…
“Let it all out,” Steve whispered. “I’ll stay with you throughout it.”
Thank you so much for your patience, real life has been quite busy this summer and this chapter is thrice the size of my usual chapters so it took much longer to get out than usual! But it's here and the end is in sight! I promise I will work diligently on the next chapter to get it out MUCH sooner! :)
,” Clint stated, leaning forward excitedly in his seat.
Steve adverted his eyes for a second and ran his hand through his hair. He whispered, “What Bucky said earlier…like I told him, don't worry about it…it's - it's nothing.”
Living in the 21st century without Tony was a world he never thought he’d have to imagine.
“Tony we can’t-,” Bruce gasped.
Peter hissed to Happy, “You’re drawing attention to me! I’ll be fine Happy! If I need anything I’ll call you! I’ve still got you on speed dial.”
When she had lowered her gun the day she met him, she told herself she would be cautious around him. She originally saw being soulmates like a cage. She would have been the bird trapped within it and he would have been her handler, feeding her bits and pieces and eventually clipping her wings if their relationship ever came to fruition. So, she decided, she would watch him, see what he had to offer, but as soon as he gave her the chance, she planned to fly away.
Another hour would pass before he finally learned of the event in question.
Still refusing to let go of Tony, they walked together to the front door and opened it. To Fury, they had come face-to-face mere moments before but to Steve it had been weeks. It felt surreal to Steve to be in this position again. It must’ve been extremely strange to Fury as well because Steve was now bearded.
A bit of drool was dripping out of the corner of his mouth and he was snorting lightly. He was laying on his side with one arm tucked under his head and the other drooped over Peter's waist. Peter only had on some loose pajama bottoms whereas Wade was still pretty much fully dressed. He'd kicked off his shoes before going into bed with Peter but Wade hadn't spared even the few seconds it would take to change just so he could stay in contact with Peter.
“It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance, Captain Rogers,” Jarvis stated.
He wordlessly came up behind his friend and wrapped his arms around Steve and pressed his face in between his shoulder blades. He had expected Steve to push him away. Instead, Steve leaned back into Tony and wrapped his arms over Tony’s on his waist.
“No, you aren't,” Steve countered. “The only one at fault here is this alien. Tony blamed himself because this happened in his building –
“Tony!?” Steve exclaimed, jumping to his feet.
Seeing Wade like this, Peter found it impossible to imagine others thinking any less of Wade.
“I will be there,” Steve promised and let go of Peter’s comforter. The blanket snapped loudly then quickly disappeared, following the wind’s current behind a neighboring skyscraper.
The Soldier redirected his gaze at the camera in the corner of his cell and stated, “I am ready to help.”
He took a deep breath, and told himself, “I’m going to go Hercules on Hydra’s ass and make sure its not going to grow back anymore of those damn heads.”
Steve took the pen and Tony noted that flush had returned to his cheeks. Originally, Tony was going to lean into his side as he signed his name but, upon seeing his discomfort, Tony forwent that plan. Instead, he stood by closely and watched as Steve wrote out his name and followed it with his name in perfect cursive.
His dad always told him to never underestimate the organization and would always quote the lame-ass saying: “Cut off one head and two more will take its place.”
It couldn’t be a coincidence.
He nodded with a clenched jaw.
“Uh, yeah.” Tony stepped back and Steve and Peter came in. Tony cleared his throat and said, “Hem, welcome. Welcome to Casa De La Stark.”
“Yes, please!” Tony gasped and leaned heavily into his side. Steve wrapped an arm around him to better support him and to have an excuse just to touch him.
“Hard and quick,” Tony whispered, his warm gaze now no longer tired but burning with hot desire.
A holo-screen opened, displaying Clint sitting in the pilot seat for the quinjet. Tony spoke before the archer could get a word out, asking, “Is Brock there?!”
“Wha-?”
“He’s doing as I commanded.”
Steve looked back to Tony, he continued to breath but what if Steve left his side and he stopped?
Venom could not roam free.
Bucky extracted his hand from his scalp and smiled gratefully at Steve. The smile was small and nothing like the ones Bucky used to present him but it was there, tentative and weak, but the fact that Bucky was smiling made Steve’s heart swell with excitement.
Steve’s huge body blocked most of the water from hitting Tony as he stepped in. He gently grasped Tony by the shoulders, led him backwards, and sat him down on the tiled seat. Steve turned and got the soap and a pink mesh ball from their caddy. Steve rubbed the soap into a lather on the mesh ball.
“C’mon, Uncle Bucky! Over here! See dese balloons—?! We have to keep them off the floor!”
!” Both of them gave him a pointed look and Steve stated, “Peter would not do that. Since its creation,
He dropped the heavy winter coat and then removed the sweater that had been underneath. Beneath it, he wore a plain shirt, leather suspenders with two gun hostlers, and a belt with bullet caddies and knives.
But now it was dark and cold and uninviting.
Steve ripped a syringe out of his neck and then raised his fists, taking a boxing stance. He grumbled, “You guys don’t learn, do you?”
“Then use me.”
James started to breath shallowly. He grasped her tightly and, through gritted teeth, hissed, “This is –
The look on Tony’s face made Peter’s throat swell shut and he realized he said the damning words aloud. He went to explain but as soon as he opened his mouth he knew he would only sputter and maybe even start crying. He thought he was better. It'd been months since she passed. When did he become so pathetic?
“How is Peter? And you? How are you?” Steve asked. He had been yearning for an answer ever since he woke in the dark sewers beneath the city.
"I mean it, Wade," Peter whispered, lightly kissing the side of his cheek. "I haven't felt this way in years but you -
,} his voice countered. {If you two are controlling it then he won’t be upset.}
"But we made do..." Natasha said. "We returned the last stone in 1965, but were out of juice. We played house for a couple of weeks and imagined we might end up living the rest of our lives from that point."
“I wish you could tell me your name,” Steve murmured to the little boy. He sighed and lightly pressed his forehead to his mate’s and whispered, “I wish I could be living again and find you…”
Steve didn’t continue and Tony waited several long seconds before he said, “And…?”
“Nah, nah,” Wade continued, still running his hand over his scalp. “It's true. I’m as crazy as a soup sandwich.”
“…I don’t know,” Steve whispered, staring at his lap.
Wade dipped his head, caressing the exposed skin of Peter’s jaw, and murmured, “As are you, baby boy…”
He gritted his teeth. He should stop referring to the Chameleon as Mary. It was an insult to her memory. The Chameleon had already tarnished it enough by taking her guise.
“It is I,” Uncle Thor announced as he swooped in through the newly made hole. He held out his hand to him and said, “Come, Peter.”
“Sir, tap your finger and I will take it as acceptance to override the Iron Man suit,” Jarvis stated.
“Steve!” Tony gasped, jumping to his feet. “Jarvis! Where’s Steve?”
Tony grasped his arm too and pointedly said, “Yes, I am sure. I barely know the man and won’t get to know him unless I interact with him.”
They eventually found Clint. The archer was surprised to see Wade but was fine with him joining in. No one was paying much attention to the lesser known Avenger and Peter felt safe enough to play with him.
“Buck, snap out of it. It’s me, Steve. Steve Rogers. We were sparring. We used to do as kids and during the War. Remember?”
“Later, Nat,” he said, side-stepping her to get to Steve. She mirrored his footwork, staying in his way.
“They are sending men to investigate it right now so there is limited information. However, it is reported that an inanimate object fell from space and is giving off high energy readings in New Mexico.”
With that in mind, he pressed zero, feeling odd with no rotary to spin, and held the phone up to his ear. Dr. Pavlov’s face pinched in confusion and he asked, “One number?”
Peter turned to face his boyfriend and really looked at him. A weariness had settled on Wade like he’d never seen before and he wasn’t smiling. Peter had grown used to seeing a smile adorn Wade’s face every waking moment they were together so it was strange not seeing it.
“Daddy is going to kick your ass,” Tony retorted angrily, not finding Clint’s mocking at funny.
“Me too,” Ben said with a warm smile.
“And I kinda escalated it,” Peter replied, rolling his eyes. Peter's fingers dug into Wade’s chest and his thighs tightened at Wade's sides. Peter looked down at their bodies and then slowly drew his gaze up from where he sat on Wade’s waist to Wade’s face.
Steve sighed heavily and disappointment flowed heavily though him. He paused to collect his thoughts then earnestly stated, “I would have done the same…A-And Mary or the Chameleon? Any sign of them?”
"I'll see you later then?" Tony replied smartly.
Steve’s eyes were glassy and he traced the side of Tony’s face with the back of his fingers as a smiled wobbled its way onto his face. He whispered, “I feel the same. My world has grown brighter with you in it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
It was after a few days into the fruitless search, Steve brought Peter and two cups of coffee down with him into the workshop. Tony was sitting at his workbench with his holograms. He had not shaved in a while and had a dark stubble growing on his jaw.
“Well, what was your childhood like?”
Solo’s face became deathly pale and Steve followed his gaze to see him staring at the spot on his arm where Solo had scratched him.
“Thanks, Daddy…” Steve retorted drolly. Tony bit down on his lip to keep from bursting out laughing.
They took Steve out of the cold room and, as soon as he was in the warmer air, Steve inhaled a deep breath and let out an equally large sigh of relief.
He murmured a reply in Russian and whatever he said made Natasha clench her fists. She spun on her heel, avoiding all their gazes and strode straight out of the room.
Wade’s lips quirked into a small smile and he turned his head to whisper in Peter’s ear, “I love you too, baby boy, now and forever…”
. You are a machine.”
someone! Please, let us help you! We’ll go back to the Tower and we’ll lock you away in the Hulk cage until Bruce or Mary find a cure!”
“We’ll go down to the private beach,” Pepper said to Tony and then, turning to Bucky, she explained, “You’ll like it. It’s in a cove so it’ll just be us.”
"...Am I dreaming?"
He was grateful at first but now,
“I’m sorry for not being such a good friend,” Eddie gasped sharply, sounding on the verge of tears.
Steve eventually collapsed on top of Tony with his head nestled on his stomach and he fell asleep there with Tony gently carding his fingers through his hair.
Tony pressed his hand over his wound for a moment as if to stifle the pain and tossed aside his pretzels. Tony swiped any extra blood off his palms and then grabbed the back neck of his shirt and drew it over his head with one hand. He let the shirt fall from his fingers as he looked at his bloody hip. The slash was just above his hipbone and Steve noted the bullet had taken out a good chunk of flesh.
person.
He finally found it and sat up saying, “
dad. He is your family. I wish we pressed that upon you more,” his father sighed the last bit and shook his head dejectedly. “We’ll talk about this later…”
“We deserve more time,” Tony hissed. “I only had you for half my days, whereas all other soulmates have each other day and night…If karma is real, then we should be given so much more.”
She expected her soulmate to be a civilian but she was prepared for someone who was as trained and experienced as she was. They were soulmates after all. It stood to reason that they would be similar in that deadly aspect as well.
floor and Tony was already pulling up screens and searching until finally –
In a few strides, she was gone.
Peter’s eyes dropped to Wade’s smile and he huskily whispered, “I think your mouth will do a better job at that.”
Steve knew he was drawing stares, not just for unorthodox parking but also because of who he and Bucky unquestionably were.
Tony sighed and rested his head on Steve’s chest. He whispered, “It’ll be over before you know it.”
He remembered her calling out a name before he attacked her. She was speaking to him. It must have been “his.”
As emotions cascaded through him, he could admit that he did not like the situation he was in.
Pepper laughed and they exchanged a few more words followed by quick goodbyes.
Wade grumbled. "I would complain but one does not upset the almighty author."
Nude, Steve shivered as Tony stood and his gaze hungrily took in his form. He could almost feel Tony’s gaze on his skin where Tony looked, leaving behind a heated warmth on his skin similar to a blush. His unwavering gaze on his body was making him feel like he was melting.
~ Below is what a purple hyacinth looks like if you were wondering :)
With an amused smile, Steve watched Tony as he wildly waved his arms around, trying to speak to Jacques with the basic French he knew.
– story.”
Steve gripped Tony tighter as he nestled the invention between them and his heart welled with both joy for his husband choosing the toy over the alcohol and heartbreak that Tony was so drunk that he actually had to make the decision.
“Wait!” Steve hissed. He punched back the Goblin and ordered, “Thor! Take my place. I am going with Iron Man!”
Steve stood and whispered, “I am going to find my son and free him.”
“I try,” Wade replied with a shrug, grinning up at Peter.
The same Hydra base he had met Tony in 1944.
Steve looked back to the ruins of the facility and darkly hoped Sam was right.
“Why does it have to be fake? Tell him how you really feel,” she pushed.
With his breath constricting at the painful, unattainable truth of his words, he gasped, “I wanted to grow old with you…”
Natasha privately smirked and wirily replied, “Hello, teacher.”
“A lot happened this year,” Steve said with a shrug. It felt strange to him too. It really did felt like only a few weeks had passed,
“…I don’t know,” she hissed. “He’s still inside.”
He looked over to the explosion, where the flames were still expanding in a bulbous cloud. On the other side of the flames, he saw two figures wearily push themselves up. In the middle of one of the figure’s chest, was a recognizable blue glow. The other, slimmer figure had to be Pepper.
Steve flinched at the use of “it.” He was already lamenting about having to explain to Peter he could not meet his mother. How was he going to explain this to him?
Heck, he and Steve were
But the faster beat to his heart didn't.
“Jarvis…you haven’t found anything new on our enigma, have you? Even with his full name?”
Tony turned to her and said, “You have my attention. What is it?”
Peter left without so much as a goodnight and fled to his room. He was already shaky with this new relationship but it was on even more shaky ground with everyone seeming to disprove of it. It made him feel so insecure about himself and Wade.
And (3) Tony wanted to go back to kissing him…
“You don’t look too busy,” Tony retorted. Steve saw the back of Norman’s head raise a tad then, after a short pause, he turned his chair to face them.
He thought Tony would push him away again but he had to make Tony realize that Steve wasn’t going to deny it anymore. And if Tony could not handle that…
“Who the hell is Bucky?” The Solider asked with narrowed eyes.
All on Tony’s worrying thoughts slammed on their brakes upon Steve’s words. He…He wasn’t imagining anyone? But Tony was a man! Steve couldn’t be this turned on already unless—!
He was only feet away from the man he had idolized his entire life.
They'd just finished the third movie and Tony could no longer wait and had to go help Pepper with the party. It wasn't going to start for another four hours but his dad seemed to think there was a lot more to do…what, Peter didn't want to ask but he and Wade parted from his parents at that point.
Steve reached out to him but fell before he could make contact. His shield fell from his grasp and clanged loudly as it fell to the level below.
Peter glanced back into the elevator then scratched his head as he faced forward again. He caught Tony’s eyes and saw trepidation in his gaze.
“It’s still reacting!” Peter countered but it felt like his heart was pounding frantically upward, getting closer to his throat. Brown meant death in their solution but, even if a portion of their sample survived, it would be a victory.
“More like thank
Tony didn’t love him.
something.”
The memories affected him so much that he could not eat any solid foods. They reminded Peter of the feedings and he retched up whatever it was he was trying to eat. He got most of his nutrition from IVs and soup. With time, he would probably be able to eat solid foods again but he doubted he would ever eat meat again.
Tony grinned and closed his faceplate. He announced, “They don’t stand a chance.”
Within the hour, Bruce convinced Steve to stop by the Tower that very day and ask Tony in person.
Three soldiers rounded the corner and saluted Steve. He nodded to them and they stood down and joined them at the pile, grabbing some coals for themselves. Tony added another scoop and Steve murmured, “That’s enough.”
“I’ll go get my shaving mirror,” Steve said and began to push himself up to show Tony what he was seeing.
“It’s strange to remember you used to sneer when they were close like that,” Steve whispered. Tony turned to see his husband was leaning back in a chair beside his bed with some reports sitting on his lap. Steve straightened and put the reports down beside him as Tony turned to him.
With his heart in his throat, Wade stated, “I…I…When Ultron had you…All I could think about was us and how I never did the one thing you wanted practically since the beginning of our relationship…”
Tony let out a breath of relief and leaned against the Jeep with a heavy sigh. The entire side of his left face was throbbing. It hurt to breathe and one of his molars might’ve been loosened too. He kicked the dead man’s leg and groaned, “Thanks, buddy.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony heard him sputter and dryly chuckled, “I’m joking, Cap.”
Bucky didn’t say anything. He just kept looking around so Tony continued to talk, “The attached bathroom is yours too. There’s already soap and shampoo in the shower and there should be some toothpaste and an unopened toothbrush in one of the drawers under the sink. Pepper has someone come by once a month to keep me stocked up! Oh…but you’ll need clothes and you have more muscles mass than me and Pepper combined so you’re definitely not fitting into anything of mine…Jarvis, order some clothes for our friend here.”
“Are you confessing to be a homosexual?” The priest clarified.
They did not come at him like they had when he first woke so he did not immediately run. He also did not run because of the mere fact that he could not he see Stark Tower. He had no idea who these people were but, they were the reason he was here and, if they were friendly, maybe they’d point him in the right direction. Otherwise, he’d throw them through some more walls and run around the city until he found it on his own.
Bucky’s steps faltered as he realized Steve wasn’t going to the Commandos’ area. He quickly returned to Steve’s side and said, “Ummmm, where are you going?”
“…I felt similarly when I thought you had gone down in Air Force One,” Tony whispered. “That combined with this horrible guilt because I had thought I had failed to save you when I had the chance…”
they still are there,” Tony reasoned. “We always scanned for them in the past and they still managed to get pictures of us without our knowing.” During the summer months, the Avengers always came to the mansion to relax and the paparazzi constantly managed to get pictures of them in their swimsuits to sell to celebrity gossip magazines.
His eyes focused on the black spider emblem on his chest where the black webs expanded across his body. The black represented Venom and it was a reminder of why he was doing this.
How long would he last? What if he ended it?
His uncle groaned and whispered to himself, “Why couldn’t I have lost a leg and been given a robotic engine turbine for a limb?”
of his DNA being infused with it, Peter would
Steve never so badly wanted to throttle somebody before like he wanted to do to Norman Osborn at that very instant.
The price was Venom not being able to settle. The symbiote crawled all over him and tugged painfully at his skin. It could never completely hide. Steve’s clothes were a part of its skin but the remaining of its body hid under the fake cloth and in the shadows of his hood.
Her eyes narrowed at the flowers then her gaze shot to Bucky. Steve’s friend had still not raised his gaze but he seemed to shrink under her glare like he somehow knew it was there.
“…Stark? Creeped out? After kissing
Excitement surged through Peter so quickly that he nearly choked on it.
He finally found the blond in the command tent, hovering over a map with Aunt Peggy. Tony did not enter, just merely looked within. Neither noted his presence and continued to discuss the coordinates on the map before them. He loved watching Steve work, especially when he was concentrating on something. A small crease always appeared between his brows and his bottom lip jutted out just slightly. It was ridiculously endearing and so different from the easy smile Steve effortlessly wore. But who was he kidding? Steve’s calm smile was also charming.
Tony shook his head, not wanting to talk about it.
None of it mattered to Tony because his heart had been torn out of his chest and was going to be buried in the casket with his husband.
“What now?” Tony retorted, his mind racing to come up with a mission.
There was another explosion closer overhead and Steve pressed his face into Tony’s neck as he jerked away from the blast. Steve lifted his head back up, his flush growing. Steve avoided the awkward situation they were in and instead chastised, “Why did you charge ahead? And what happened to your gun?”
“Fondue here I come!” Tony yelled loud enough for everyone to hear, “And when I say come I am talking about ejaculation because Steve and I are going to have amazing sex!”
Tony entered the room and ironically gasped, “Oh, look! Peter survived! You happy now, Cap?”
She stated, “I helped create the symbiote, maybe I can help destroy it.”
“What are you doing?!” Steve yelled, stumbling to his feet.
“Tell me it is all going to be alright.”
Wanda strengthened her stance and nodded.
The medical examiner stared at the photo with wide eyes and stuttered, “I-It was what was given to me – I didn’t realize – the uniform –.”
When Peter didn’t reply, Steve straightened and closed the doors to the fridge. He looked to Peter questioningly and murmured, “Pete?”
“Where?” Hawkeye asked. “SHIELD is clearly down. Whoever did that must have been tough. They must have purposely drawn us out here to not just take Steve but separate us from SHIELD. I have a feeling we’re wanted vigilantes right now.”
He bumped Tony with his hip and flirted, “Will you give me a shave, too, sweetheart?”
Peter watched Captain Rogers for over ten minutes before he worked up the courage to approach him.
“I have a visual. Shall I inform SHIELD?”
That was going to be his last memory of him, betraying that incredible man.
Tony was sitting in the same chair he had been the last time they were in SHIELD Medical, after the attack in Central Park. His eyes glowed in the reflection of the tablet on his lap and he was covered in the same grime and wearing the same clothes he fought in. Steve easily surmised that he had never left his side which drew a small smile to his lips.
“It’s a part of life,” Steve winced in reply. Even Steve didn’t get hit with acne as hard as Tony had but he wasn’t going to reveal that to his soulmate just yet. It might upset him even more…
Tony lifted his phone to check the time and replied, “Yup, just a little after nine.”
Their experiment sunk to the bottom of the beaker, a mass of thick sludge that was barely discernable in VENOM’s dark liquid.
Bucky actually looked like he wanted to argue that for a second, but he must have taken it as a command because he remained silent.
“…So you just knew?” Peter murmured, thinking of Wade. He never even considered seeing a man until they first flirted at the fair.
Peter knew Friday would tell his parents he was there the moment he had stepped into the building. When neither first appeared, he had assumed they were giving him his space. How long had Tony been out there?
“I stand corrected, you are worse than Stark,” Natasha replied, finally turning to the archer just so she could raise an eyebrow.
Steve tried to support him as much as he could but…his soulmate was dying.
Tony sighed and mumbled, “I usually can’t communicate until my second cup of coffee so yeah, I shouldn’t put my foot in my mouth by the first half…”
Tony sighed heavily and returned his gaze to Steve’s. He’d told and shared everything with Steve over the years. He watched Tony grow up and knew everything about him. It just felt…more vulnerable though, sharing this. Maybe it was because it was being spoken aloud in the real world?
Steve bit down on his lip as his heart clenched. His emotions warred within him and he did not know how to reply. Yes, New York had always been his home but the Tower...the Tower had been more than that.
“So…my dad cared for me after all…” Tony stated, “But he still died.”
The metal suit was like an oven, worsening the effect. He began to sweat profusely, his only solace was that the face shield was open.
“Me and Agent Romanoff are going to discuss the finer points of Sambo over by the reflecting pool. In the meantime, you still need to talk to Stevie.”
All his life all he wanted to do was help people and now…he couldn’t even do that…
“Yes, you. Were you not paying attention to the implant? Did you not hear the beeps?” Natasha demanded.
It short circuited everything in his suit and the suit was too heavy for him to move physically. This was his emergency suit he was supposed to only use with home invasions. He expected to need to defend against firepower like Stane’s Iron Man replica or Vanko’s energy whips. He never thought anyone would be able to calibrate an EMP powerful enough that could take out his suit and not destroy his reactor and kill him.
Tony almost eluded the subject, like he always did when the subject of his soulmate came up, but this time he lay his head against the back of the couch and began to talk. Pepper silently listened as he weaved his fairy tale about the perfect soulmate and his cursed existence.
Bucky slowly reached for the food with his free hand and then selected one slice of toast. He nibbled on it as Tony finished up on his shoulder.
“This boy is extraordinary,” Loki murmured. “He has the powers of two, maybe even three Avengers rolled into one.”
, I missed you, Ben!”
! Petey wasn’t this bold yesterday! Not that Wade was complaining…Wade gasped, “Keep moving like that baby boy and I won't be able to stop.” He already had Peter’s shirt half off with the first shift of Peter’s hips against his. One hand was already stroking one of Peter’s nipples and the other was fingering at the waistband of Peter’s jeans.
“You said it yourself,” Tony stated. “Captain America.”
Tony and Steve chuckled and Tony watched the young man walk away with a found eye.
At this point, Peter was sobbing and whatever he was gasping was coming out as unintelligible nonsense.
“Steve! Good, now we can get to business! I already told Tony that we have to put a hold on the honeymoon,” Pepper stated. “Also, what is your stance on adopting Peter? The public will see all of you as a more stable family unit if you adopt him. And how do you feel about doing some interviews in a few days?”
This creature smiled at them with a row of teeth like a crocodile’s, but bigger. A pink, warped tongue flickered out from within in its mouth but there was no sign of Peter.
He never before felt so alone and isolated in the dream world as his soulmate talked about the possibility of love with another.
, Sir,” Jarvis replied. “The man portrayed in the video claims to be an alien from another world called
Because he knew he woke up because he’d been so shocked and alarmed by the sudden darkness and that darkness was probably still waiting for him.
