"It really doesn't," Tony replies curtly and moves out of Rick's reach. He walks towards the dining room where the staff is finishing up setting the table. Rick likes to indulge on special occasions like this and have professional cooks come over and prepare an amazing, Michelin restaurant level meal to celebrate whatever they feel like celebrating.
"Yeah, yeah, blame it on me," Tony drawled, tensing as his wounds rubbed uncomfortably against the ropes and the pillar behind his back.
He meets Steve's eyes hastily.
She pulls her head away from the water bottle to answer, almost managing to get water all over herself. The water only ends up hitting Tony's jeans, thanks to the omega jerking the bottle back into an upwards position when he anticipates the toddler's move. "Yeah," she says, wiping at the droplets of water on her chin. "Please," she adds at Tony's expectant look.
However, a DNA match alone couldn't prove someone's involvement in a crime. False matches happened from time to time, or at least that was what Natasha had told him.
"She's all yours," he said, sounding irritated, and made room for Natasha to exit the room. She disappeared swiftly from the viewing room and Rhodey took the place she had vacated by Steve's side.
"I just couldn't help myself," Tony told him, grunting when Bates pulled him up by his hair.
"Sure," the other man replied as Marco walked over to the twin bed that Tony wasn't attached to. He sat down and met Tony's gaze.
Steve pauses for a moment. "Did you just refer to yourself as one of the 'big guns'?" he asks. A smile is tugging at his mouth, even if he's trying to hold it at bay.
"Dig in," Hammer said once Bates stepped back, eagerly cutting into his own beef. Tony eyed his plate, letting his gaze travel over to Bates.
"Pass me the hash browns, then," he said. Hammer eyed him for a moment, but indicated for Bates to serve Tony some.
"An....an astronauttt," she clarifies, frowning as she takes extra care with the consonants. Tony's eyes flick back to the tablet in his hands.
Love you guys xx
Getting your first heat at sixteen is considered late, as the usual ages for that are between thirteen and fifteen, so even now Tony seems to be the late bloomer that his Mother once had called him. He also suspects that the heavy suppressants (courtesy of his Father) he's been on ever since one month after he'd presented have something to do with that.
"Good," he says, although it doesn't seem like he's glad at all; his fingers are once more tightening around Tony's arms and he's clenching his jaw hard. Finally, he lets go of his son with a shove, sending Tony stumbling a little way backwards as he himself straightens. Then he exits the room. It's the last time he properly talks to Tony.
It was the worst day of his life so far.
Rosie hums like she agrees against Tony's collarbone, giving away that she had been listening in. Tony brushes a hand over her small head, trying not to think how full of tangles the toddler's hair currently looks and how he's going to spend the evening attempting to untangle it.
"That's not—" he was cut off by a hand closing around his windpipe, Ezekiel appearing back in his line of sight.
"Yeah, and the rest of the 'Vengers," she clarifies, and looks like she's about to clamber out of her chair, so Tony tilts sideways to grab her by the back of her neck, as he is sitting closest to her. Rick is sitting at the head of the table, as the alpha of the family should (insert an eye roll), and Tony had been seated next to Rose to help her eat.
So, Tony was obliged to wear a fucking necklace if Rick wanted him to wear it. But it didn't mean that Tony was going to do it without at least putting up a proper fight. He wasn't the one to just roll over and take everybody's shit.
They step into the elevator in silence, and Tony somehow feels like a dick all of the sudden. Bruce draws in a heavy breath, and Tony already knows what's coming.
"Shut it, Maria! And
, worsening.
"What alph-" he starts, but is cut off when a loud sound of something metallic hitting something organic reverberates in the hallway. The alpha above him slumps, landing sprawled on top of Tony, and the goon next to him receives a kick to the face when he turns to see their attackers.
Steve is saying. Tony is hurrying down the corridors now, listening to the footsteps.
was something else.
Despite the warm temperature in the dining room, Tony could feel himself going cold again. "You're not suggesting what I think you are. Because it's not gonna happen."
"That's better, isn't it," he said, as if making conversation. He reached out and touched Tony's face, ignoring Tony's attempt at pulling away. He held him by his jaw and made Tony meet his gaze. "You're much more bearable like this. When you're quiet, I mean."
Tony tensed, but didn't acknowledge the touch otherwise. Instead, his hands busied themselves with pouring himself a cup of coffee. "Yes, actually," he replied as he picked up his cup.
Then, she had led him to the back door and alarm bells had already gone off in Tony's head. He took another look at the waitress; she was visibly scared and her posture seemed to scream guilt.
"Tell me about it."
Tony didn't reply, but he was sure that was answer enough. Instead, he looked into Ezekiel's eyes; they were filled with what Tony could describe only as pure hate.
He was aware, however, that his chances of escaping were considerably better before someone would shut the van doors, and so he forced all of his remaining energy into his barely moving muscles. The security wouldn't make it, they were too far away, but if he could get himself accidentally dropped to the ground they might have a chance...
Steve is looking loads better, with colour returning to his cheeks and the bruises fading with his super soldier healing and the drugs in his system. When it's close to noon, the doctors decide that it's time to get him to wake up. The process itself can take from the matter of hours to days even, but all the doctors do is take him off the drugs, and instruct the rest of them to be patient. Easy for them to say, is what Tony thinks of it.
Spider-Man and Nebula's lead had turned out to be a plastic bag, containing the bloodied implants that had been cut out of Tony. The bag had been thrown into a dumpster near the factory, and the lab had been able to find partial prints on it.
"What time is it?" he asked after a while of fidgeting. Two faces turned his way; Marco looked at him with an expression that said he couldn't believe Tony was on his shit again so soon; Becker just looked like he wanted to punch him. It seemed to be the norm.
RAPE/NON-CON, ABUSE AND UNDERAGE SEX (is it considered underage if they are over 16 y/o but under 20 y/o? putting this here anyways)
, was something that he wanted. And
Anyway, Tony gets to eat in peace as he watches the captain struggle with hacking up the pasta into smaller bits and attempting to somehow get it into Rose's mouth.
Jim nodded. "Done. I hope they manage to find something."
They get them to follow, but it takes a while since there is at least fifty people and most of them seem to be a little out of it. The shooting that starts doesn't help one bit.
Finally, after what feels like an eternity, she settles, and Tony bounces her on his knee to get her to cheer up. Pepper had taken over the duty of making her (and Tony) an afternoon snack, and Tony listens to her clattering away in the kitchen. Rose is still mostly nonverbal, being only a little over two years of age, but with her genes Tony shouldn't have been as surprised as he was when she uttered up at him, "Luv Dada." It was garbled and simple, and Tony could've easily misunderstood the almost-sentence, but he thinks he got the meaning behind it just right.
Jim didn't have to try and concoct an answer for Steve; FRIDAY alerted him in that moment.
, you will learn everything you would learn if you were an alpha, and I will see if
They reached the car — Tony's car — and Jim pulled open the back door. Pepper had left the vehicle here for Jim's convenience. Jim presumed it was also because she couldn't bear driving Tony's car without Tony in it, not with the dreadful implications hanging over them now. That was the thought that plagued Jim, at least.
His Father was the first to raise his eyes when Tony's now sweet and oh-so-mellow scent reached his and Maria's noses. They were sitting in the dining room, his Father with the day's paper clutched in his hands and his Mother nursing a cup of coffee alongside with her usual glass of wine. Any other morning the sight would've made him happy, since the moments where all three of them were together were so few and far between, but now it just made a freezing shiver of trepidation travel through his body. He was terrified.
Tony huffs softly, looking to the side as he tries to avoid answering. "We fight all the time, Cap. It's nothing unusual." When he sees the stormy expressions returning on Steve's and Clint's faces, he hurries to soften the blow of his words, "I mean, the fighting. Not the hitting. I mean, no, this isn't the first time he has punched me--" okay, Stark, this isn't helping your case the least, "--but hey, I have punched him too, you know. Plus, it's not like he's really breaking any laws."
he hisses, probably not even realizing how Tony couldn't have possibly done anything to encourage or discourage how he'd presented. Even so, Tony feels ashamed to the core, and lets his gaze fall to his feet, his cheeks burning with humiliation. "An
"I love you, sweetie," he murmurs against her forehead when he kisses her goodnight.
"Be good and we'll see to getting you something to eat," he said. Tony wanted to snipe something at him, but he curbed the urge. Instead, he allowed himself to roll his eyes. They wouldn't buy his act were he to completely alter his behavior, after all.
They made their way down the hall, checking various doors as they passed them — lavatories, small offices and storage rooms as far as Steve could tell — until they reached the control room. It contained a whole lot of dust and multiple small, outdated televisions embedded into the structure on the far wall — CRT, if Steve remembered the name correctly from the technology guide books he'd read, although he couldn't quite place the decade.
"For the time being," Steve adds before Tony can continue. His eyes hold a certain heat to them and it shuts Tony right up.
Marco turned his back on him, and Tony pushed the pin back into the lock. He found the right position and twisted, listening to the click as the double lock disengaged. He twisted again, this time in the opposite direction, pushing up and down, and the cuff fell open. He repeated the procedure with the second cuff, eyes glued to Marco's back as he payed the food delivery guy.
"I'm not even sure why I'm surprised at this point. Coffee?" Rogers nods and turns to grab the fresh pot from the machine and pours Tony a cup. Romanov settles on the barstool next to him with Rose on her lap.
Steve bit his lip, then clapped Bruce's shoulder consolingly. "I'm going to suit up and see if Rhodes has found anything."
"So, you just gonna ogle all night and not get rid of your own—" With a growl, the alpha pushed him against the bed, effectively silencing Tony once again, and threw his jet black suit jacket to the floor. He boxed Tony in with hands on either side of his head as he crawled on top of him. A dark, triumphant grin was fixed on his face.
"Get up," Ezekiel told him. When Tony wasn't able to comply right away, he shocked him with the baton once more. "I said get up."
"Could've just said you were mated," she tells him, irritated, and as she turns Tony hears a distinct sound of her uttering the word 'bitch', but he isn't hundred percent sure. His guess is confirmed though, when Rogers surges forward, his super soldier senses catching the word with ease.
Surprisingly, in the end he just felt numb.
Rick groans into his neck, and releases him, his hips stuttering to a stop when he comes, and when the intensity of it lessens, he continues pumping his seed languidly into Tony's hole. He doesn't knot him, since Tony isn't in heat, and when he slips out of Tony's slick warmth, his fingers move to take his dick's place. He moves them with a quick pace, pushing against that spot inside of Tony, and slaps Tony's ass a couple of times, and that's all it takes for Tony to tumble over the edge. He spasms and clenches around Rick's fingers, moaning into the tablecloth as quietly as he can manage, and smells the scent of his own come alongside Rick's. It coats the floor beneath the table.
"No," Ezekiel said, shaking his head. "I don't think that I have." He leaned over Tony, grabbing him by his hair again. Tony gasped as his head was wrenched back, cursing Ezekiel, the whole situation, Steve and himself in his mind.
"I'm above the base," he tells the team, "I'm going in."
Rick says it like it's a valid option, but Tony knows that in reality Rick resents the premise of it. He's always been more or less jealous of his older alpha sister. Old man Chester Darrow's favourite child, destined to lead the Darrow Industries, beautiful, intelligent and successful all her life. It must be tearing Rick apart.
Tony swallowed. "So why am I here?"
and scurried over to Marco as he pushed the door shut. When he turned, Tony grabbed him by the wrist and brought his other hand up to deliver a hard, open-palmed strike to his jugular. The plastic bag containing their food dropped to the floor.
"Speaking of which," Ezekiel continued, ignoring Tony's desperate attempts at drawing enough air into his lungs, "How's the good Captain?"
"Someone really ought to shut you up," he said, sounding almost bored, and before Tony could say anything else, he had slid the silk fabric between Tony's teeth. Tony grunted, leaning away, but the bow tie was fastened around his head while the others around them laughed at his misery.
"Tell me," Ezekiel repeated, voice annoyed now, "who loves you?"
"Your latest patient," Rhodes clarified, his voice tight. He was visibly vibrating with anger, but reigning it in good. Better than Steve would have, in any case. "The one you treated last night."
Ezekiel moved closer. "Why?" he pressed.
"Any leads?" Steve finally asked.
"I'm just going to take a breather outside, okay? It's a nice night, after all." He winked at her, smiling encouragingly, even while he felt nothing but. Sarah didn't either, if her pale face was anything to go by.
Once inside, Bates indicated to a pile of clothes on the counter, as well as a towel and a washcloth right next to it. "Wash up and get changed. Hammer will be expecting you in ten minutes, so be efficient about it."
As if to emphasize his words, Becker delivered three sharp blows in quick succession. Tony growled and trembled beneath him at the sharp pain. Becker was breathing hard at the exertion.
He righted Tony again and secured his cuffed hands to the leg of the bed. Tony didn't struggle again, but he glared daggers at Marco as he watched him pull the zip tie taut.
Ezekiel looked down at Tony with unveiled disdain. "Is everything prepared?" he asked Hammer, in lieu of answering his question.
"Nope," Tony quips as he speeds past Steve into the direction of the kitchen, and he can tell that Bruce is making some kind of a facial expression at the captain. What the hell, they probably have some sign code for every time one of them steps into another landmine, so he probably shouldn't be surprised that Steve follows him into the kitchen along with Bruce.
For some reason, those words rip through Tony like claws and the omega has to push his hands into his pockets so that he doesn't clutch them around his midsection protectively.
With Becker distracted from tormenting him at the moment, Tony dared to turn his attention to his handcuffs. They were standard issue with a double lock, which meant that Tony should be able to rid himself of them with the bobby pin in his pocket. Becker had tightened the zip tie as taut as it would go, so he would probably have to pick both cuffs rather than just one in order to get away. It would increase the risk of him getting caught in the midst of it, but it was still his best shot at freeing himself.
"Does your boo boo still hurt?" she asks innocently, expression open, and Tony's heart twinges in tandem with the wound on his cheek.
Still, he feels his cheeks heat at the alpha's admission, an involuntary happiness taking over him.
he asked mockingly. Tony couldn't quite contain the glare he sent Hammer's way. Whatever, it just added to his performance. "You're getting old, aren't you, pal?"
"Can I give it a go?" Natasha asked, and Steve watched Rhodey nod.
Tony wants to sigh. Richard really did go all the way in an attempt to outdo himself this year.
And really, it's ridiculously pathetic how much better he instantly feels when Steve steps up behind him, cups his shoulder in one of his big hands while the other halts his hands that are fumbling with the coffee maker. Ever since Steve went missing and came back, it seems as if the captain cares less and less about what's appropriate and what's not when it comes to Tony, as long as the omega is fine with it.
In a grappling match she could easily overpower him and both of them know that, if the look plastered on the woman's face is anything to go by. What she doesn't know however, is that Tony will not hesitate to fight dirty. And if someone asks, it's for the sake of balancing the scales, so to speak.
The hand didn't leave his skin; fingers were now trailing his spine up and down. "Oh," Ezekiel began, voice level, "in a hurry to somewhere?"
"FRIDAY can analyze a sample," Rhodey replied, scraping off some of the blood with his armored thumb, then pressing it into a compartment on his arm. They waited only a moment in silence, until FRIDAY piped up,
Or maybe it was Rick, who knows.
"We saved humanity from Thanos," Tony argued.
He somehow managed to lift his head just enough to turn and see the man talking to him. It was Bates, crouching next to his prone form.
Tony's heart starts thumping harshly against his rib cage, his pulse racing, and he has to sit down on the edge of his bed. "Are they alright?" he asks as he brushes a shaky hand over his face. He needs to calm down.
That would refer to someone I know."
"From this day on, no more talking back or bitching to me. You do what I tell you to do, and you do it when I tell you to do it. And you
He set down his fork and reached for the wine, taking a swig before daring to say anything. "You needed me for what?" he asked finally.
He's successful, taking down the first agent he reaches with a hard jump punch. The alpha agent next to him starts turning and Tony grabs her semi-automatic before she can point it at him. He ducks when she swipes a hand at him and kicks her in the knees. Before she's fully down another agent, this one a beta male if Tony's nose is correct, slams his gun into the omega's back. He goes sprawling on top of the alpha, but twists as he falls and blasts the beta into the chest. It propels him away from them, and Tony is left to struggle with the alpha.
"That's enough," the man with the sonic taser said mildly, ignoring Tony's wheezing. He was seemingly the one running their little operation. "Just grab him and we're out. Luis, call the car."
"--I'm sorry you had to find out this way," Tony says after a moment of tense and awkward silence.
Now finished, Bates stood up and moved so that Tony could see him. "I warned you about my temper, didn't I," he stated flatly. He left the basement, leaving Tony to prepare for an uncomfortable night on the floor.
now de jure, do to him.
Rick didn't want a baby to look after right away, so Tony was allowed to stay on suppressants, although Rick changed his prescription from his Father's supplements to the ones recommended by Tony's new doctor. Ones that didn't dampen his scent or stop his heats, just prevented him from getting pregnant.
"No, he isn't. You see, I'm an omega, he's an alpha, and we are legally married and mated. He basically owns me and all of my property. It's only because of that agreement that I own 30% of the company, fully without his jurisdiction."
He didn't mind waiting, though, because he was a little afraid to disappoint his parents if he turned out to be an omega. Scratch that,
"How are you still alive with your way of living?" he mutters, most likely more to himself than to Tony, putting the juice carton back in the fridge and taking a swig out of his glass.
Tony bit his lip. "For the greater good," he finally replied. Ezekiel looked taken aback by the reply for a second, then laughed in Tony's face.
Cap is giving them orders through sign language. It comes in handy at moments like these, even if it gives Clint an excuse to boast about the usefulness that they all learned it, and how it's thanks to him. Thor and Natasha go one way, Steve, Clint and Tony the other. The Iron Man armor, not really built for stealth, is left for JARVIS to commandeer and keep watch in. Tony's brought and extra pair of gauntlets, a chest plate, shin pieces and his head piece, anyway.
"Wait—" Tony tried to interject, but Howard was not to be stopped.
"Clint," Natasha says again, this time more forcefully, a little bit of her alpha mojo coloring her voice. It makes the beta deflate slightly, and he lets out an angry puff of air.
He did it again, and Tony screamed into his gag. Once more, and he choked and whined when Becker dragged the belt across his back after the blow. Above him, Becker was outright panting, at that point.
an alpha, and
"What's up with your face?"
"I told him," a distorted female voice answered, and Steve twisted around towards the speaker. He had to blink a few times to make sure he was seeing who he thought he was.
"Okay, baby. Get your toothbrush," Tony instructs Rosie when he holds her up before the mirror cabinet in Rosie's bathroom. He knows that it's not normal for a toddler to have their own adjoining bathroom, but unfortunately there aren't many things normal in Rosie's life (at least when it comes to her parents or the way they live), so Tony has decided to ignore the fact. Furthermore, every bedroom on their floor has a bathroom as well, so why bother changing it.
Now though, Tony was trying a different tactic. One that would get him in his kidnappers' good graces and possibly have the added benefit of not constantly getting him roughed up or choked.
Thanks for reading *bows to eternity*
"Well, I don't want to have dinner with Hammer, so," he said indignantly, not very surprised when Bates took a hold of his arms and pulled him up into a sitting position. He groaned and swayed as dizziness took over.
As soon as the door closed Tony was demanding to be handed a copy of the deal to himself. Surprisingly enough, his Father gave him one without a backward glance. This is about how the deal went:
"Good afternoon," he greets the occupants in the room pleasantly, on hand on the doorknob and the other holding a book. Tony eyes it with some suspicion; It's not that seeing Rick with a book in hand is something unusual, but him bringing one into a hospital room certainly is.
Yaayy first chapter done and uploaded, the next one should be on its way this weekend or over the next week! :)
Tony swallows at the anxious feeling that surfaced when Steve mentioned leaving. He tries to push it down. Opens and closes his fists. "Okay."
Come say hi to me on
Why would you give
He sits near Bruce by the table and the beta glances at him apologetically. Tony decides that striking up a conversation is the best way to show forgiveness, even though he really isn't sure which one of them should be the one apologizing. His sense of right and wrong seems to have been skewed from the get-go, as Howard, and later on Rick seem to always remind him.
And that's one of the reasons why Tony refuses to believe those ridiculous claims about alphas not being able to control themselves in the presence of omegas, especially if their heat is close or hits them while in public. Not when he'd seen first hand that an alpha could, in fact, resist the pull.
"Good night, baby."
The man standing before him was tall and bald, and eerily reminiscent of Obadiah Stane. But now that Tony looked at him again, he could tell that it was only that,
Also,
Tony sniffed. "I'm good, thanks," he said with a slight sneer.
get your butt down from there!" He watches sharply as the three-year-old carefully lowers herself from a branch of a tree and back on to the jungle gym. Whoever responsible for the gardening and leaving a tree branch that near to a kids' play station has to be clinically insane. Tony'd certainly like to have a word with them about over-active toddlers and spine injuries.
And that got right under Steve's skin; he didn't know when exactly Nebula had found out, but he figured it had been before Steve had. Anger mixed with shame in his gut unpleasantly.
He was about to start walking away when he stopped to listen. Footsteps could be heard in the distance, coming from the direction of the main road. The armor hydraulics whirred as Jim turned, looking at the man approaching.
submit to Captain America, either.
"Yes, and his glasses with FRIDAY in them." Jim smiled a little, then sobered and glanced at Steve over his shoulder. "He also has a tracking implant in him. Two, actually. FRIDAY's working on triangulating his location as we speak, but so far it's not looking too good."
"Next time, then."
The doctor stepped closer, smiling gently and watching Tony's movements begin to grow weaker as the sedative kicked in.
So, the team is running around the base, fighting bad guys and smashing stuff, and Tony is in the control room downloading all the data available. He taps and scans, reading through snippets and watching clips, but it's all just standard HYDRA stuff. Which in itself isn't bad, it's all very useful for their operation as a whole, but it's been months since the head alpha mentioned something about another alpha, and Tony still has no idea what he had been talking about.
Tony loaded a round into the chamber. "What was that?"
"Dear, please take a seat," Maria was ushering him into a chair and gesturing for Rick to also have a seat near Alpha Darrow. Howard and Chester were both seated in big armchairs facing each other, when everyone else was sitting in smaller chairs, accentuating their positions as the heads of their families. Tony wanted to scoff, but he knew better.
The first two attackers had been a piece of cake. They had ambushed him as soon as he'd stepped through the door, going for his arms to pin him down. Their joint attack was easy to evade, as were the amateur boxing jabs they threw his way after he'd dodged their hands. A few easy blocks, and soon one of them was wide open for him to land a solid punch to his jaw.
"Maybe he is, maybe he's not. You, for sure, are not." The doubt in Tony's mind that had been niggling at him for years now seemed to be inclined to agree. Tony shut it right up, focusing on Ezekiel shaking his head at him. "Do you seriously expect me to believe all of that was a coincidence? That aliens, that that
Wanda was in her room, as she still remained an inactive member. After losing Vision she had fallen into a state of deep depression, which had prompted the team to decide on placing her on a temporary leave. She had remained so ever since, not including the final battle with Thanos.
"You're saying you would let him kill me?" Tony shot back, seeing through Hammer's bluff, "You would sacrifice your
Also, sorry that this update is so late! I hope you enjoy reading anyways
"Five minutes. Got it," Tony said, turning his body so less was visible to Becker. He didn't like the creep leering at him. The t-shirt he wore felt all too thin all of the sudden. He lifted his hands a little. "What about the cuffs?"
Steve sighs before repeating what he'd apparently just said. "Why did he hit you?"
probably the most sexist author of his era.
"'S good," Rose replies absently, too occupied with inhaling the dessert to properly articulate. Tony sighs amusedly and brushes the kid's cheek with his napkin. The dessert is all over her face.
"Any more questions?"
"That's a nice-looking spaceship," Rogers tells her and she flashes him a bright smile. She turns her head towards her Daddy.
After a few minutes, the War Machine armor kicked down the door to the interrogation room. Natasha let Dr. Miller slump against the table.
"You're not delivering me
Rick just huffed out a laugh. "We shall see about that," he replied easily, surging forward to catch Tony's mouth with his. His kiss was bruising and hungry. Unforgiving, like the hands that were starting to snake around him, pulling him close and leaving dark bruises in their wake.
He delivered a sharp blow to Tony's jaw. Tony grunted and spat out a mouthful of blood; he had bitten into his tongue.
"Daddy, I'm hungry," the toddler states, extending a grabby hand towards Tony.
He paused to process that.
"It's what the omegas nowadays wear. Or, so I've heard."
"And you won't get a chance to pull any of your shit again, you hear me? If you even consider it, I'll make you regret it."
They sat there quietly for some minutes, before Marco set down his phone and got up.
When it was silent, Marco sighed and turned to Tony. "You really can't shut up, can you?"
Eventually, Becker grew tired of their staring contest and let go of him. He pulled out a knife and Tony froze, but the man only brought it down to the zip tie that secured Tony to the bed and severed it with a faint
"Yay!" she exclaims as Tony lowers her shimmying form to the floor, and runs back towards the room. Tony chats for a while longer with Omega Dunn as he waits for Rose to get ready to leave, since the kids that are still playing in the room are being watched over by an assistant, a young girl that seems to have her hands full as she monitors the children. Rosie seems to be in her sights more often than most other kids, so Tony suspects that his girl has already taken over the role of the class troublemaker. Great.
He was happiest when Steve Rogers, their team leader, finally made his way to the tower with his beat up Harley-Davidson. He'd been deeply moved by Tony accommodating him and the rest of the team, and Tony almost felt modest when faced with the Captain's gratitude.
Before he could do anything however, Ezekiel was there. He kicked him twice; first to move him, then to force his breath out of him, his foot coming into contact with Tony's diaphragm. He wheezed and gasped, unable to do much else as he watched Ezekiel march over to the table and return with a cane.
"Yeah, baby!" he exclaims, blasting with both of his repulsors now that the bullets have stopped for a moment. "Stay here, stay low! The others will get here soon," he instructs the people lined up behind him and gets a few fearful nods in return. He takes off running, wanting to reach the enemy before they cease being distracted by his armor. Between him and JARVIS, only about half of the unit still remains standing, but that's too much for Tony's taste.
"Shut up, Marco," Beard hissed back, sliding off the bench. He stopped once he was close enough to loom over Tony, one knee braced against the floor. "I don't take orders from you," he told Back Pain — Marco.
At the tower, he gets a few curious looks from the team, and after promising Rosie they'll go see Cap the next day, goes to take a shower to wash off the alpha's scent from his skin.
Ezekiel had now rounded back to stand in front of Tony, and so the engineer raised his eyes to look up at him. Ezekiel was watching him as well.
Ridiculous. That's what this was. Ridiculous.
was mad at him. It was such a Tony thing to do, to program emotions for a computer. Something twisted in his chest and the urge to laugh changed into that of crying. Oh, boy.
He wasn't back at the compound, playing poker with Rhodey, Natasha and Steve, but in the back of a car that smelled of cigarette smoke, disoriented and in pain.
He looked down at Tony, looking disgusted by what he saw. "Truly, the Merchant of Death." And just like that, Tony felt equally disgusted by himself, no matter how he tried to tell himself that this was exactly what Ezekiel wanted. Everything was just too...much, at the moment.
"You seem awfully lax in my company, Stark," Bates said, leaning closer so he was looming over Tony. Tony gritted his teeth as Bates' fingers pressed harder into his jaw and brought his hands up to grasp at Bates. The other man easily caught them with his free hand. "I thought I advised you to check your attitude with me. And with Stane working you over...well, I'm impressed."
In the end, all Rick does is huff out a soft laugh, adjusting Rosie in his arms as he does. "Well, I'm glad that's settled then. I wouldn't want my husband to spend too much time in the presence of contemptuous individuals," he says, extending one arm to stroke the side of Tony's face. The engineer deftly evades the touch, but Rick's hand still lands on his neck, caressing the skin there as the fingers travel down his shoulder, then his back. Tony is painfully aware of Steve's gaze following Rick's hand as it sweeps over him.
"Yeah, this fall. Then she'll finally have friends her age." Rogers sneaks a look at the omega.
Slowly, Tony pulled himself into a sitting position, but that was the extent of his capabilities at the moment; his vision was tunneling and he didn't feel like he was in control of his limbs. He was breathing in rough, uneven gulps of air and he could feel the remains of his shirt clinging to his skin, either with blood or sweat.
"Does that include you?" Rick asks, leaning slightly forward. Tony can sense the alpha's possessive side firing up, and he opts for not answering the question.
Tony leaned against the backrest, attempting to keep both men in his sights as he glared at them. Marco sighed at him while Becker glared back.
"Don't worry,
Soon after his third refill, Ezekiel motioned for Bates to escort him out. He was allowed to walk, but he had to lean heavily on Bates to stay upright.
But he doesn't tell her that.
The next day, he's curled up against the backrest of the couch in his and Rick's apartment, doing work on his tablet. Rose is on the floor before the couch, playing with her colorful spacecraft toy set. She keeps occasionally sending a spaceship or an astronaut flying across the room, just to run off to retrieve the toy and then send it back after ten minutes. Maybe she's sending them to space in her play by doing so. Tony isn't sure, but at least the toddler seems to be enjoying herself so far.
It's about half an hour later when Steve reappears with plates of something with too much vegetables that still somehow smells mouth-watering. He sits down with them, and they eat while discussing softly, with bouts of companionable silence in between.
Thanks for reading! Please leave a comment or kudos if you enjoyed! :)
it! You just say that you'll 'get motor oil on it' or some shit. Well, you can't get motor oil on a necklace unless you're going to dunk into a damn container full of it!"
"Yes, of course. And I have followed it ever since," she replied.
"How come you guys didn't show up on my scans?" Rhodey asked, sounding about as irritated as Nebula had and as Steve currently felt. The other man looked like he had had quite enough of surprises for one day. Steve couldn't agree more.
"That's not what ha—"
Tears burn in his eyes and he tries to furiously blink them away.
After that, the belt was discarded; it fell to the floor with a loud noise when Becker threw it down. His free hand came down on Tony, landing on his lower back and sliding down. The hand fumbled around before roughly grasping one of his buttocks and squeezing hard. Tony let out a sound of protest, and it was more fearful than he cared to admit. He listened to Becker's heavy breathing above him.
He follows Maria to the living room, leaving his bag to Jarvis with a smile at the elderly beta. When they reach the room Tony feels even more shell-shocked than earlier when his Mother had come to greet him. There, in the Stark Mansion living room, sitting with cigars and tumblers of scotch in their hands, is his Father, Howard Stark, and the owner of the Darrow Industries, Chester Darrow. Next to him sits his omega wife, Olivia, as well as....Rick?
"Nat and Clint?" he asks between breaths.
"Thanks."
"Tony, mind your manners," his Father reprimanded him sharply, not even glancing in his direction. "Chester, my son, Anthony, as I presume you've gathered." He motioned in Tony's general direction, taking a sip of his drink.
"Tony," Bruce cuts in, "let's not go pointing fingers just yet--"
The fingers leave him, and Tony bites down on his lip to keep from whining at the loss. Instead, he makes one final attempt to buck out of Rick's hold, a scream building up inside his lust-addled brain.
Bucky was seated to his right, face blank and his posture stiff. Sam was next to him, looking serious as he digested the news. Neither of them knew Tony all that well, but they were acquainted with him or other team members well enough to acknowledge his importance, both as an Avenger and as a friend to the team.
So, they sit by the couch and bend their heads over Steve's phone, shoulder's brushing, and Tony's not really surprised when at one point Steve's palm lands to rest on the small of his back. By the time the settings are 'fixed' and they have switched over to watching the TV, his hand has traveled all the way up to the back of Tony's neck, where
"What is she doing?" Rhodey asked. Even Nebula was leaning forward to watch more attentively.
this piece of garbage?"
We are getting some dark moments in chapter 4 to balance out the happy moments in chapter 3 :(
"Bring him downstairs," Hammer instructed Bates as he exited the room. Bates was quick to comply, untangling Tony from the chair and walking him after Hammer with a hold on the back of his t-shirt.
Tony, in a moment of shock, stops struggling, and just stares at the man.
Tony tried to burrow farther into whatever it was that he was lying on, anywhere away from those hands. Those hands would hurt him, he knew that. They would cut his chest open and put in something hard and cold and painful.
EDIT: i just came back from reading all the comments from the last chapter — thank you so, so much, every single one of them was lovely!!! i'm sorry i haven't gotten around to answering them, however i still wanted to thank you guys. they are a nice motivation booster :) write you soon!
"Daddy!" she greets him and Tony bends from waist down to pick her up and place her in his lap.
"Alright, Jarv, time to call my daughter's favourite godmother and ask whether she's free to babysit...." he babbles on as he leaves the room.
Tony snaps back to reality when he feels eyes on him. He catches Natasha watching him thoughtfully. Her face is a perfect imitation of a marble statue, and somehow it makes Tony think that she knows what's really going on. And he wouldn't be surprised, because the alpha is sharper than a razor blade and observant as hell. But he also trusts Natasha to understand and leave the matter be. She holds his gaze for a moment before lowering her eyes to her tea. Yeah, Tony could trust her to keep it quiet.
Tony notices that Rick's smile has turned a tad more sardonic than before as he gazes down at Steve, so he reaches over and yanks the book from the blonde's hands. He turns it over and reads the title, written in a faded golden font on the simple green cover.
Steve looked back through the window, a blank expression plastered on his face. Natasha was holding onto Dr. Miller's hair now, playing with her knife against her skin.
"Hey," Rick says, stepping up behind Tony and boxing him between his chest and the kitchen counter, his nose buried in the omega's thick hair. It's a few minutes till 12 PM, and Rick has just gotten back from another trip for SI. This time he was gone for a little under five days for some prolonged negotiations in Seattle.
Ezekiel nodded, seemingly satisfied. "Yes, it was," he agreed, and Tony couldn't look at him anymore. He couldn't bear facing the guilt that had been suffocating him for all these months. For all these years.
"Not yet," Natasha replied. "FRIDAY is sorting through the databases as we speak. Bruce is trying to find out if there's anything we could learn from the trackers themselves."
He blinked when he saw Dina descending the stairs, walking briskly in his direction.
Spider-Man let out a nervous-sounding giggle. It made him sound incredibly young, to Steve's ears. "A little birdie told me that something was going on?" For some reason, it was phrased like a question.
"A couple weeks," Steve replies, "You really should pay attention to debriefs, Tony."
Hammer chuckled while Bates' face remained emotionless. "You could call him that. Let's just say that he owes his life to me and leave it at that. Loyal people are so hard to come by these days."
"Just get on with it," he said. "I don't have all day."
"Steve—"
"That's from your leg," she told him. "I'll remove the one from your arm next."
She shook her head again and Tony sighed, letting the back of his head fall against the pillar.
"Rough day?" Bruce asks from one of the couches in the common floor living room, where he's currently reclined on, watching his fellow scientist collapse on another couch. Tony wordlessly hands him Rosie's drawing, after carefully freeing one hand from beneath the sleeping girl now that she's lying on top of him and not balanced against gravity.
"I have some tech that prevents anyone from tracking or detecting us," Nebula interjected, eyeing Steve and Rhodey a little coolly. Steve noticed her stare was mostly focused on him, as if he was worth more scorn. He met her gaze with equal frost.
"He doesn't what?" Ezekiel continued, squeezing harder for one agonizing moment.
Tony lets the smile on his lips warm up a notch, and catches Rogers' cheeks reddening slightly. Maybe it's the wine, he thinks, although he knows that Rogers has a super soldier metabolism. It can't be the wine.
They finish their sandwiches leisurely, although Rose keeps whining at them to hurry up right after she's ready eating, anxious to get to the zoo. Tony calmly tells her to sit down and wait or they'll go home, and she does, pouting at the threat to everyone's amusement. When they
"So, did you just come here to clear you conscience or—"
He kept his eyes locked on his Father, the Alpha of the house, waiting for his reaction and hoping against hope that his gender wouldn't be an issue. That, of course, was futile. He flinches when Howard's coffee cup and empty breakfast plate are swept to the floor in an all too familiar gesture of anger. Only that now it's a hundred times more worse.
Rhodey sighed. "Yeah..." He stood up from his crouched position and moved closer to Steve. "Not that I'm happy about it."
"He said
"Or I'll blow your fucking brains out, you—"
"Alpha Darrow is here to discuss a deal between me and him," Howard informed after a beat, apparently to no one in particular, but Tony was pretty sure he was the only one in the room who wasn't in the know. His Father just refused to acknowledge his existense, that's all. "We were informed of your first heat a couple of weeks earlier—"
"Get your hands off me," he nevertheless snapped once Marco had steadied him on his feet, shrugging off his hold on his arm. "I can walk by myself."
"I have work to do, too, you know," Tony calls after him, not really expecting to be excused from the 'quality time' they will be spending in the evening, but just to make sure his displeasure with Rick is made known.
P.S. I've explained some stuff about the timeline of my fic in the notes above, so if you're feeling confused/unsure about it after this chapter then please check my explanation out! :)
(See the end of the chapter for
"Please, untie our guest. I believe he hasn't eaten properly in several hours," Hammer told Bates, smiling at Tony. Tony was man enough to admit that he hadn't expected that; Hammer had been working on his poker face.
"Thanks," he says somewhat coolly, turning his eyes to the book in his hands. Tony can't catch the name of it from the angle he's sitting in, and the confused frown on Steve's face isn't doing any favors either. "This..."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Kneel."
"Don't lie to me," Ezekiel growled, "Do you love him?"
"Have you cleaned it up?" he asks. Tony makes a noncommittal sound, and Steve sighs again, this time disapprovingly. "Sit down," he orders, but his tone is soft, so Tony complies. The alpha digs around one of the kitchen cabinets, and pulls out a small first-aid kit.
"You, you," Hammer was saying when Tony regained his focus, laughter still evident in his voice as he wagged his finger at Tony and stepped down a stair, "you haven't changed a bit, my friend. Still as mouthy as ever."
Tony is glad. This way, he can keep a direct eye on his teammates and make sure none of them go missing again. Rick hadn't been happy, as expected, but he was smart enough not to attempt to keep Tony off the field. He had lost that fight a long time ago.
Steve nodded, gritting his teeth. He heard a sudden noise, and turned his head to watch as Rhodes stomped out of the interrogation room. A moment later, the door to the viewing room opened.
The doctor frowned at him like he was but a misbehaving kid. "That won't do, Mr. Stark. I'm afraid I'm going to have to remove all that, be it with or without your help."
As soon as the HYDRA agents are visible, Clint tackles the first one to the ground. The man yelps, unsuspecting, and his companion tries to grab Clint. Tony blocks his arms with a well-controlled
Marco pulled his electric taser out of his pocket and threw it to Becker. Tony bit on the gag as he was electrocuted, fighting to stay conscious as the room around him blurred.
Rosie deflates a little, a pout that's surely inherited from Rick settling on her face as she turns back to her plate. "Okay."
"No," Ezekiel said. "You handed him an invitation.
In an attempt to distract himself from his spiraling thoughts — since wondering about his designs wouldn't do any good regarding his current situation — he made himself look over the men's features in the van with him, searing them into his memory. Their faces weren't covered, which might have worried Tony were he new to the whole kidnapping scene, but alas, it alone didn't frighten him all that much. Well, not as much as the implications of the men possessing his old tech. Now
Bates gave him another push, and Tony was steered to the middle of the room where a wooden pole stood. Bates pushed him down onto his knees next to it and held his hands when he attempted to break away from it.
obtain something like that?"
before the birth of his alpha heir or them coming to the age of eighteen (18), the position shall be passed over to an available and suitable Darrow descendant, until the heir(s) negotiated in clause four (4) come of age. If a suitable Darrow heir is not found, the position shall pass to OBADIAH STANE and on to his heirs, as discussed in clause four (4).
He barely registered the bodyguard standing up, before a voice spoke,
He jerked out of his daydream when he felt a sharp pain piercing through the haze.
He presses another kiss to her head, feeling Rosie slowly turn into an impressive imitation of a soggy noodle in his arms, and nods towards the preschool teacher who's making his way towards them.
"Hello, Rose," he says, picking her up with his free hand.
"What about—"
Now we got that Tony whump...I hope you enjoyed the chapter. I promise things will get better for Tony eventually. Leave a comment! :)
Tony smiles crookedly at him. "I don't mind, Capsicle," that was a nickname he'd made up for the soldier one week ago, "you can ask that. It's nice to have someone else looking after Rosie too." Rogers blushes at that and, christ, isn't that adorable. "And she's holding up okay, I guess. She's used to it, and I try to compensate since I can do most of my work from home. She's though as nails."
"Keep still," he instructed as he crouched in front of Tony, palm planted on top of the center of Tony's chest to keep him against the bed frame. Tony squirmed against his hold, equally to dislodge Marco's hand from the immense scarring on his chest and to do exactly the opposite of what he had been told.
"What was that?" Spider-Man asked suddenly, stirring at the loud sound. His voice was groggy.
"Rosie, let Steve breathe."
Tony frowns at the hallway. "I can handle it, Steve." And he knows he can. He just handled a whole unit of HYDRA agents, whether or not it was with JARVIS' help. "JARVIS, get the civilians out. I'll make sure you're not followed."
They began running and Tony heard the back door of the building open with a deafening bang.
"You don't get to talk about him," Ezekiel told him, the hand that had struck him brandishing a finger in his face. "He was right all along, you know. I realized it only five months ago when everyone that had vanished was returned, but he was right."
He took hold of Tony's jaw again, his grip bruising. "A vulnerable world, an open invitation for anyone with an inclination to violence or a thirst for power. An invitation to just come here and
Ezekiel placed his free hand on Tony's left shoulder, over the spot he had struck three times, and squeezed. Tony whimpered, trying to pull away from the hand, and the tears he had been trying to hold back slipped down his cheeks.
was also something he would never have.
"And we will," Becker agreed, "But if he'll be acting out like this then—"
"Hello," she drawls back, elongating the simple word mumbled against Tony's neck.
"Becker...." Marco said from underneath Tony, voice filled with meaning. Tony frowned down at him and turned his head to look at Becker. He watched as understanding flooded his expression, then relief and Tony went cold with doubt.
Tony rubs a hand over his face. "Like I said, there's nothing anyone of you can do. The contract is still valid, and that's a fact that's not changing anytime soon."
"I just want you to be okay," Steve says softly, and bites his lip angrily. "I'm sorry."
Tony Stark, the most talkative omega known to the public -- nonverbal, when his alpha fucks him into oblivion.
"We didn't?" Ezekiel asked mockingly, allowing Tony to tilt his head so he could meet his eyes. Tony bit his lip.
Ezekiel shocked him again. "Whose fault was it?"
"Answer the question," Ezekiel pressed, twisting his fingers painfully into a handful of Tony's hair and pushing his head back.
He had remained in the middle of the room while Bates had left, leisurely fixing his collar and sleeves. Today, in addition to his discarded jacket, he had rolled up his sleeves and removed his tie, when yesterday he had been in a such a hurry to get his hands on Tony it didn't have seemed to matter. Tony hoped it meant that he had gotten the worst of it out of his system.
It couldn't be. If it were, this day would officially be the worst in a long while.
"Stop right there, you prick!" Becker yelled from the other side of the room. Tony turned to look at him; his face was red with fury as he stood there, a sleep mark still fresh on his cheek. He was holding up another gun, pointing the barrel straight at Tony.
ALPHA RICHARD TERRENCE DARROW (born August 16, 1969) and OMEGA ANTHONY EDWARD STARK (born May 29, 1970) are to be wed the year they have both graduated from their studies (date to be settled later). The responsibilities and faithfulness in the marriage are considered as part of the clauses in this contract. A proper mating bond is required for this contract to be valid.
"Yes," Hammer countered easily. "We will start working first thing tomorrow."
He watched as Becker brought his hands up to his ears, covering them tightly, and a familiar high-pitched whine entered Tony's own. His finger seized on the trigger and his muscles locked before slackening, and he fell sideways. The sound stopped as soon as it had started, only partially stunning him.
"I was thinking I'd take a day off today, go somewhere with Rosie. It's been awhile. Wanna tag along, Barton, that why you asking?"
However, once Tony saw the look on the taller man's face, embarrassment flooded him again as he understood. Ezekiel had uncuffed his hands — he wanted Tony to
He was glad that she hadn't driven it away by herself, in any case. She was safe at home at the moment, with Happy to keep her company. Jim supposed they both needed it right now — the soothing presence of a friend. What Jim needed right now was very different — he needed to crack the case.
"I'm one of the Avengers, for fuck's sake," he hisses.
Rhodey was silent for a moment, studying him. "Steve," he finally pressed, disbelief in his eyes. Dr. Miller's scream cut through the air, and Rhodey pointed to the interrogation room. "I don't like that bitch anymore than you do, but you need to think. This isn't right." He added more emphasis to his voice as he continued, "
be bypassed in court.
"I wanna go to Disney World," Rose interjects helpfully, mouth full of banana and toast.
times." He patted Tony on the shoulder. "Maybe tomorrow you'll make the wiser choice."
," he continued, but couldn't find the words to say. He drew in a shaky breath and tried to think what to tell the other man. His mind drew blank; what on Earth could
No, you can't. You're an
the omega thinks with a smirk.
"No," he says, because it's the truth. "And I don't want you to try. Trust me, if anyone knows all the loopholes in this contract, it's me, and I would be long divorced if it were possible." He breathes in a steadying breath. "But it's not. Not if I don't want to lose everything that I have. Including Rosie's custody."
home. A stylish, newly renovated penthouse here in New York. Tony had visited it a couple of times beforehand, having been given the right to dominate their furniture, and the large windows showed an amazing view over New York. The sea could be seen from the Eastern side of the building, also. The apartment wasn't that far from shore.
She shook her head.
"Yeah, like Aunt Peggy." Then Tony realizes who's asking. He whips his head around to see a melancholic look on Rogers' face.
(See the end of the chapter for
"All good questions," Tony agrees, "Let me provide the answers for you, cap. One, if the intel is wrong, which it shouldn't be, we adjust. Two, you've got our three big guns with you now, we'll be fine if they try to capture us. Three, if one of us gets left behind, the rest will come back and get them. Capisce?"
"Hi!" Spider-Man greeted, voice high, both in excitement and alarm, "How're you doing, Cap?"
"I don't know," Dina said, "I believe he's going to ask you to explain it to him at some point. That is, if he doesn't manage to reverse engineer it before that."
. The man was just as imposing as Obie had been, but he was younger, perhaps somewhere around Tony's age. And what's more, Tony had met him.
Steve nodded. "Take Bucky with you."
"For kidnapping me, obviously," he said, frowning and trying to convey just what he thought of the other man and his intellect, "Is everyone in your line of work an idiot? In the kidnapping business, I mean."
"We decided that you needed a break," Steve's voice informs him, and Tony turns his head to see the alpha walking towards Tony's workstation, a tray in his hands.
The toddler lets out a pitiful sniffling noise and finally abstracts herself from where she'd been furiously rubbing her face against Steve's neck. "Yeah," she croaks and hands Steve the drawing, now even more crumbled than earlier, with what being squished between one toddler and one grown-ass man. It's the same one that she'd drawn at preschool on her second day, and Tony almost dreads looking at it, as if fearing it would be littered with her and his dried teardrops from their meltdown.
"Blue's not really my color," Tony quipped, eyeing the rope cautiously.
, Steve corrected himself.
Maybe Tony just managed to break the man by telling him about the contract.
Right. This was exactly what he needed right now. "Yeah, no thanks, hon."
It's true, it's not always easy. Rick travels a lot and Tony has to stay at home with Rose, and sometimes the distance gets to him, leaving his body craving for the proximity and touch of his alpha, and reducing him to climbing into their shared bed to catch a whiff of Rick's scent. He also tends to get more emotional during those days, which Rose and her sharp senses of course take notice of, and the toddler can be quite a handful in her fussiest and crankiest state. It's purely biological and irrational, since Tony doesn't
"We're staying here for a few hours," Becker continued as he grabbed Tony by the ankles, pulling him in. Tony let him, and when he was by the edge of the seat, kicked his leg out with all the force he could muster behind it.
Tony had never bothered to find out what these so called 'signs' were in-depth (something about his behavior analysis and his physical development thus far, he'd gathered), but he trusted the doctor's medical opinion. He was happy that he'd most likely get to attend the same classes as his best friend, Rick, who'd been assigned to alpha classes about a year prior. In fact, most of his friends had transferred to alpha studies, since his school focused on students that were likely to present as alphas. It was the best and the most expensive private school his Father could have thrust him into.
"We just got here," Spider-Man replied, "Also, Nebula has these—"
"Well, what do you think? Pretty, right?" Rick inquires as he steps into the room behind Tony. He walks over to the table and plucks a single, pink lisianthus out of the colourful bouquet, and hands it to Tony. His eyes fall on the necklace, still visible, resting over the fabric of Tony's shirt, and he reaches a hand to straighten it, so that his name etched on it is level with the horizon. "Don't you think it would call for something a little more nicer to put on?" He tugs meaningfully at Tony's band t-shirt.
He pushes himself up, watching as JARVIS knocks out the last goon. "Great job, buddy," he congratulates and JARVIS turns the armor so that he's facing him.
"Thank you," he said. She nodded and left the basement.
The piece of paper crinkles in Rosie's small hands, she's gripping it so hard as they wait for the elevator to stop ascending. Tony has to brush his hand over the toddler's head in a calming manner to gain her attention, as she's practically quaking with excitement.
"What?" he asked, shrugging as well as he could with his hands bound to the bed. "I asked nicely, didn't I?"
Then, abruptly, Steve makes a choking sound, and Tony's hands are already removing the tapes and pulling out the ventilator tube. Steve draws in a large, raspy breath once the tube is discarded, and Tony brings his hand back to rest on his chest.
"I would suggest you get some sleep too," Becker told him.
Yeah, right. Like getting Rosie wasn't hard enough already. Tony's not convinced.
He felt another burst of pain, down in the leg which the woman was leaning over. For a horrifying moment the pain intensified and Tony understood. He
It was.
After a bit of walking, they reached a double door by the end of the hall. The dust and dirt that covered the floors of the factory looked like it had been disturbed recently around the door. Steve shared a look with Rhodey.
Beard picked him up, throwing him over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes, as if his breathing wasn't already enough of a struggle.
"Hi, pup," Rick greets Rosie back, crouching down to pick their girl up in his free arm and planting a kiss to her forehead. She wounds her thin hands around Rick's neck and buries her nose in the crook of her Father's neck, scenting. Tony wonders how in the hell she manages that, with all the expensive-ass alpha scent enhancing colognes Rick continuously douses himself with, but there the toddler goes, once again, amazing him. Maybe she has some kind of a superpower. Or, maybe it's just Tony that has a problem with the smell.
Tony rolled his eyes. Hammer had promised that in return for his help, he would be provided with food and a comfy bed, as well as a new set of clothes and the opportunity to bathe. He could even tend to his injuries, Hammer had said. He had promised a lot of things, all of which Tony had promptly refused.
Which, Rose and Tony already have, of course, he corrects himself as he sobers from the dizzying feeling. To distract himself, he nods at his daughter. "Had a busy day. How about you?"
"Yeah, she does. She enjoys yours and Bruce's company, too." Tony smirks at the slight blush creeping to Rogers' ears. "Thor is the funniest out of you all, though, because he 'speaks funny'." Rogers chuckles.
"Right. I just wished to cheer the man up with something from his own century. Is that forbidden, now?"
He carefully released the tension he had stored in his frame, trying to will his hands to cease their trembling as he did. He inhaled and exhaled in an attempt to calm himself.
How did you like the big reveal? :) Next chapter we'll meet Justin Hammer's partner in crime....
"I appreciate the sentiment, Brucie-bear, but I'm on a pretty tight schedule here--"
"Alright then," she said, walking over to an instrument tray. She picked up a syringe and some disinfecting wipes. Tony begun pulling harder on the restraints, feeling his skin breaking and staining the padded cuffs with blood. If he could just slip one hand out of its restraint,
"You don't even know if she even wants to run the company when she's of age, or if she'll present as an alpha. She could just as well present as a beta." Tony deviously smirks up at Rick. "Or, an ome--"
The only near normal people attending his wedding were a few beta couples. There were only a few of those, since upper class functions were often times reserved only for the alphas of the families, as they were seen as the best you could get. And where there were alphas, there were omegas. Or at least in the world where Tony lived in. Rhodey was also at the wedding, but Tony hadn't seen the young alpha in a while now.
"I told you about my wife yesterday," Ezekiel finally said, breaking the suffocating silence. He had been circling behind Tony, and he jerked slightly at the sound of Ezekiel's voice.
For the remainder of the dinner, he tried to keep from inhaling the plate of food he had been given so he wouldn't make himself sick later. He ate slowly and drank the water when Dina refilled his glass.
"I told you not to force my hand," he told Tony and knelt by Becker's side, tearing a large strip from the torn shirt that was still pooled around Tony's shoulders. He began knotting it at the center.
зайка = 'darling' in Russian
"Tony?" he hears Clint call him, and a warm hand closes around his shoulder.
Jim squeezed his eyes shut and willed himself to calm down. Him getting all worked up wasn't going to help Tony. They already got one super soldier ready to breakdown any minute now and a teenager slowly but steadily sliding towards hysterics. Natasha and Nebula seemed the only ones mostly unaffected by the situation, but Jim knew that wasn't actually the case. But they were somehow keeping it together.
"Go fuck yourself," he bit out, bucking against the restraints. She sighed like she'd been expecting this outcome. Tony thought she would've been an idiot if she hadn't been.
, he thought, meeting the man's gaze as he tried to piece it all together.
"Steve?" he calls, one hand on the alpha's chest as he watches intently for changes in his facial expressions.
JARVIS nods, and Tony begins weaving through the crowd to reach the end.
"My help with what, exactly?" Tony asked, feeling himself start to sweat.
"What the fuck is this shit?" Clint exclaims angrily. Natasha places her hand on his shoulder.
"I'm glad you have someone to lean on every once in awhile, Tony."
"Something wrong?" he asks, book slipping shut in his hands. From the looks of it, it's one of those educational papers that teach you about social norms or technology that the alpha has taken to reading. He says that they help him assimilate into the 21st century, and Tony thinks that saying that makes Steve sound more like an actual alien than a man out of his time.
He shuddered involuntarily as the words left his lips, wanting to take them back. His mind had been on Obie too much lately, and now he was already dropping phrases that the man had used to.
to submit to someone and let someone take care of him, that he has to clamp a hand over his mouth, lest he say something else as damning or worse, start bawling. Which are both equally likely, at the moment.
Yes, Jim understood
Tony likes Obie, he really does, since he seems to be one of the only alphas in Tony's life that treat him with at least some level of respect. Usually he just gets clumped together with the other upper class omegas, with their pretty faces and empty heads.
Let go of me!"
wouldn't want this."
He kicked Tony, forcing him on his back so he could lean over him. Tony whimpered as the rough concrete came in contact with his back.
"I want to, too," Tony forces out, and it's somehow such a surprise to say out loud and such a powerful statement, to actually
"Shut it, Tony," his Father snapped at him, stumping his cigar. "The deal is done. All that was left was to inform you and now that's done too. You and Richard will be wed the year the two of you've finished your studies."
Hammer's smile turned quickly into a scowl. "Quit with the act, Tony. I want you to tell me how to boost the efficiency. I want Stark Industries' patents. I want specs." He paced as he rambled, stopping to stand next to Tony on the other side of the table. He put his hand on his shoulder, squeezing like one would a friend's. "Work with me here, hm?"
"I'm going to the gym," Clint grits at them and strides to the elevator. Natasha glances over her shoulder at Tony, and then follows Clint into the elevator. The doors slide shut.
He paused and Tony studied him, eyes wide. "How? How would you know about Siberia?" he asked. It was more than worrying, how good an access Ezekiel had managed to get into his life. He had known the whereabouts of Tony's tracker implants, he possessed Tony's old prototype designs, he knew too many details about supposedly disclosed affairs. It scared him shitless, the power he wielded over him with knowledge, more than anything else.
, he thought, attempting to stave off his impending panic. He felt something warm trickling down his cheek, Obie's voice ringing in his ear.
Right now though, all he felt like was an old man. A very fragile, achy old man.
Rogers sighed. "Sit tight, I'll make you something. Has Rose eaten?"
His odds would be better, were he to get his hands on something he could use to shim or pick the cuffs. Another option was to dislocate a thumb, but Tony would be using that as a last resort; he would probably be needing his hands later on, was he to successfully escape.
"Yeah. We always do," he agrees, and burrows closer to the other man.
"Don't speak with food in your mouth," Tony rebukes her. "And no, we're not going to Disney World." At the way Rose's face falls, Tony feels compelled to add, accompanied by a deep sigh, "Maybe some day, honey. But not today." It seems to placate her, and she tuns back to her plate. Tony cranes his neck to glimpse at Rogers and Barton. "I was thinking we'd go and see some playgrounds at the Central Park and visit the zoo as well. Then maybe get a bite to eat, later." The two give him approving nods.
Steve found out a couple of hours later, the trail long gone cold, the building empty and the venue cleared out of guests. The first thing he'd done, was punch a hole through the wall. The second, was to alert the rest of the team.
Comments, kudos? :)
Bruce comes to fill in when Rosie needs to be picked up, and Steve is still unconscious.
He saw Marco's hand in his pocket, now paralyzed around the device, but the man definitely had it — the sonic taser. And he had used it, despite not wearing the protective ear pieces.
"Yeah, but she could eat again in an hour or so." Then he looked up, frowning. "Huh? You're making me food?" He watched as Rogers' back disappeared into the kitchen. "Hey, Steve, wait!" Because apparently 'Steve' was what he was calling him now. He scrambled up and hurried after the alpha. "You don't have to cook for me, I can cook for myself."
"Good," Ezekiel said, "Now leave."
"Go sit with Bruce, I'll make the two of you something to eat. Okay?"
"Time is running out," Steve replied simply. Nebula nodded, as if she approved of Steve's words.
"Oh, is that so?" Hammer asked, setting down his cutlery and contemplating Tony. In the end, he just shrugged. "Well, it wouldn't be the famous Tony Stark that I have in my possession had he not attempted to escape at least once. How far did you get?"
Their life continues on as if everything was normal, Tony giving up hope to ever owning more than 30% of his own company, when he still doesn't get pregnant soon after his 39th birthday. In Afghanistan he'd mulled things over again, and begun to think that maybe a child wouldn't be that bad of a thing after all. At least then he'd had done one good thing in his life.
Tony's mouth turns with his anger. "Because this is how I fucking cope, Rogers," he snaps. "This is the reality I live in! And no matter how much I want to have a fit or bawl my eyes out, you know what? I can't do that because I have responsibilities! I have a
Hammer chuckled, but he did seem a little flustered. He was quick to recover, however. "Yeah, big words for such a small guy. We'll see if you'll manage to get to the door in here," he said. Tony wanted to punch him.
"It is so painfully obvious," he told Tony, pushing the tip of the metal baton into Tony's chest uncomfortably. Accusingly. "Of course you would be selfish enough to love him and to wish him for yourself. And only you would be egoistical enough to delude yourself into thinking that the Captain harbored anything other than disdain for you."
"Oh, he won't manage," Tony reassured. Still, he didn't like the thought of Hammer's greasy fingers all over the housing unit. "Can you get it to me?"
"JARVIS," he calls, "is Alpha Darrow in the tower?"
"Yes, Sir," replied the woman — Dina. She turned, walking through the door on the other side of the room, presumably leading to the kitchen.
I'm gonna confess that I seriously considered just abandoning all my works here on Ao3. It's been a shitty almost-a-year for me and you guys probably deserve a better explanation, but I think it's not gonna be that relevant to most of you. Also, you'll most likely appreciate an update more than a sad recount.
to, when I finish you off."
have another one, Steve?"
"Me too," Tony admits tightly as Steve rushes past him and out of the room. The sudden silence feels deafening.
"You've got a wonderful daughter."
In hindsight, he probably should have seen it for what it was. They had security for these kinds of things after all, a simple fundraiser shouldn't need an Avenger operating as additional defense. But the waitress had seemed anxious and genuine and Tony was good at telling when people were deceiving him, and this wasn't it.
"Missed you, too," Rosie mumbles in a whiny tone against Steve's neck, and Tony decides it's time for an intervention.
He wanted to laugh. A
"There we go," Rick says, when he's convinced that Tony's far enough gone to be nonverbal. Because that's what happens when Tony goes down, when he has intense sex.
"Come in," Hammer replied, and Bates pushed in. Tony stumbled in after him, since the man's hand was curled around the chain of Tony's cuffs, tugging him along.
"Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah," Tony interrupts, pinching the bridge of his nose. He wasn't used to anyone taking care of him, at least not like this. Sure, when he'd been in his twenties Rick had ordered him on a strictly healthy diet (which he might've cheated on a few times) and an exercise plan back when they were trying to have a baby, but that was different. Now, it was Rogers actually about to
A punch landed on his head, clumsy and clearly meant as retribution. His head collided with the floor and he tried to turn away from the assault. Becker wasn't having it; he pulled Tony's hands behind his back and held them there as securely as he could. Tony groaned into the carpet in frustration.
thank you so much for reading and understanding! i'm really dissatisfied with ch 6, but i felt like i needed to update, also maybe you guys won't be as critical of it as i am. i hope you enjoy! :)
"Yinsen," he pleaded, but the hands didn't leave his chest. He could smell the damp cave around him, and the copious amounts of blood that he had already bled from the shrapnel entrance wounds on his chest.
"Shut up, you'll wake Rosie," Rick says, pulling away for a moment and releasing one of Tony's arms to unbutton the front of his trousers. He pulls down the zipper and palms himself through his boxer briefs. Groans a little. "You know, the one thing I prefer in you over Carl, is that the sex is so great. You know I like them feisty." He surges back down and kisses Tony, and Tony bites at his lip angrily. Not drawing blood, but hard enough to hurt. Rick pulls away with a delighted gasp. "Yes, that's it," he says almost playfully, like he isn't about to rape Tony, although there is a dark look to his eyes.
During the trip, he had gained partial control over his limbs and he fought weakly against the hands stripping and searching him, his feet kicking and bound arms jerking away. They ended up cutting his jacket off of him, not bothering to uncuff him to remove it. The glasses with FRIDAY that he'd kept stored in the breast pocket got crushed beneath Boss' leather-clad foot and his phone was opened up, emptied of everything that the man could tear apart with just his fingers, then chucked away somewhere behind his back.
He was at campus when the first wave of his heat hit him, thankfully with Rhodey, who might as well be his knight in shining armor. He'd all but carried Tony, half-delirious by the time, from the lecture hall, away from interested gazes, and stayed with him in his dorm room all three days of his heat, only leaving to get them food.
Ezekiel seemed to notice his inner conflict, since he asked again, "Whose fault was it?"
"We'll go tomorrow, Rose," Tony placates her as he scoops her up from her chair. "Now, say 'thank you' for the amazing meal."
"I'll be leaving the three of you to it then," the alpha informs them, letting go of Tony with a final, possessive squeeze to the back of his neck, and sliding Rose down into Tony's lap. The toddler goes quietly, seemingly confused because of the conversation that had just transpired, and clutches at the collar of Tony's shirt. "See you around, Captain."
"One of your designs, as I'm sure you can tell," he said, and continued to explain, "My father left me with a small quantity of your most controversial weapons. True works of art, I'll admit." He caressed the surface of the baton. "My talents always lay more in biological warfare, although I never managed to quite make a name for myself. Not like you, anyway."
Tony blinked, shifting restlessly against the chafing ropes. "What does that mean?"
"What do you want?" he asked after a moment, when Bates had yet to say something. Instead of replying, the man walked behind Tony and Tony tried to angle his body in a way that would keep him in his sights. He started when Bates' hands grabbed a hold of his hips and lifted, dislodging the chain from the hook, then depositing him down so quickly that Tony lost his footing.
"Why didn't you just tell me? I told you that I wanna take care of you and help you."
"I'm fine, Steve," he says, almost snaps. He's feeling a little tense. "You should've waited a minute. He was just about to tell me something."
As he straightened however, eyes still fixed on the two men groaning on the ground, he was grabbed from behind, burly arms twining around his chest and pinning his arms to his sides. He growled and kicked, landing one into the man's knee, and his hold around Tony came loose. He turned, punched him in the nose and as luck would have it, someone else was grabbing him again from behind.
"You're a crafty little bastard, aren't you? Escaping those handcuffs and getting to Marco's gun, huh? I suppose we were too lenient with you. Well, we won't be making that same mistake again, just so you know."
eight
His mouth betrayed him before his conviction could, "No!" it burst out with, the short word quickly followed by a half-stifled sob. "No, he doesn't."
Tony doesn't even argue. "Yeah," he breathes out, and is secretly grateful for the hand that steadies him when he starts tilting to one side.
"Don't get cute with us," Rhodey said firmly, "Who told you?"
"Dad!" Rose squeals excitedly when the elevator doors reveal Rick's form standing inside the car. She pads over quickly, and Tony watches as she slows her steps as she nears the alpha, radiating nervous respect towards her Father. With Tony she would've just barreled straight to his legs, positively attempting to squeeze the life out of them, but Rick demands reverence. Sometimes the alpha reminds Tony so much of his own Dad that it makes him sick.
A bobby pin.
It was just the two of them now plus Natasha, since Jim had told Peter and Nebula to stay in the Quinjet. It would be best if they could go over this part discreetly.
"Only if you make this hard on me," Steve replies, and gently takes a hold of Tony's chin again. Then he swipes the pad over the small cut on the omega's cheek, making Tony scrunch up his nose at the unpleasant feeling and the sharp tang of disinfectant. "Almost done," Steve tells him, petting the side of Tony's neck slightly as he keeps cleaning the wound, probably not even noticing that he's comforting the omega.
If RICHARD DARROW passes away, or is otherwise incapable of serving as the CEO of
Steve sighs, and Tony knows he's hit bullseye. "I know that."
Steve gives his neck another squeeze. A swipe of a thumb near his ear. Tony shudders, gasping softly.
On the helicarrier he meets this team of misfits. Nick Fury's super secret boyband. The Avengers. Which, he can never be a part of, at least as anything more than the consultant he already is, thanks to Alpha Romanov's evaluation on him and the ever-present fact that he's an omega. Everyone else on the team is either a beta or an alpha. Figures.
Tony bit his lip, glaring at the floor. Stalling.
"Yeah," Tony agrees, scrubbing a hand over his tired eyes. God, he needs coffee.
"Has he now?" Hammer asked. He seemed interested rather than amused now, and the overly fake polite smile he had plastered on his face spoke of his resentment. The side-eye he gave Tony told him that it was probably because Ezekiel had managed to make
Much of the morning progressed like that, with Hammer propositioning to him and Tony refusing him firmly. At twelve o'clock, Hammer had his lunch brought to the table, and he ate it slowly in front of him. Once he was finished, he told Tony to beg for the scraps. When he refused, he dumped them into a trash can by the wall.
"Yeah," she replies and shovels some of the asparagus and lemon sauce from her plate and into her mouth. Tony watches her eat and takes a sip from the wine the staff had poured in his and Rick's glasses. Pinot Noir. An excellent choice to go with the duck breast they are having.
smile, and dusts imaginary dirt off of Rick's chest. He's still mad, and the alpha frowns down at him, most definitely noticing his mate's sour mood.
"It seems that Anthony has had quite enough of supper for this evening," he said, clearly reveling in the power trip it gave him to be able to order Tony around. He drank more wine and flapped his hand at him. "Please, escort him back downstairs, Bates."
"Get the hell away from me," Tony told him, scrambling back as fast as he could, but Marco reached him easily enough. He grabbed Tony by the front of his shirt and lifted a little, pulling Tony back so that his side was against the end of one of the twin beds.
she whines, tears already welling up in her eyes and oh boy, Tony isn't ready for another tantrum after this morning.
The thought douses him with cold water, and he shakes Steve's hand away, pushing farther away from the blonde and the hurt look on his face.
Then he was flipped over, and with no arousal to have him produce any slick,
"In your dreams, Hammer," Tony told him coldly. Bates took a step forward, and Tony noticed that his hand had curled around the handle of his knife. Hammer narrowed his eyes at him.
Unfortunately, it wasn't very much; Becker's hand stayed, fingers tightly coiled around Tony's ankle, merely rocking with his kick and guiding it to the side instead of his crotch. A dark look appeared on his face.
Bates ignored him. "Believe me or not, but I don't actually want to spend the rest of the night here making sure you won't try to make a run for it," he said, pointedly eyeing Tony's hands as if he had seen him grabbing the chain. Tony supposed he was just predictable in that regard. Bates casually threw the rope down and Tony glared up at him.
"Rogers!" Rhodey hissed as Steve surged forward, running to where he thought the sound had come from. He swiped plastic sheets from his way, and while he didn't have any lights on him, the serum had enhanced his vision enough that was able to see vague shapes of objects in the darkness of the hall. One of them, a very human-like shape, was descending from the ceiling. Steve slowed down his pace to watch cautiously.
"It's okay, baby, Daddy's here," Tony tries to soothe the toddler. She and Pepper had most likely had the greatest of views out to the battlezone from the floor-to-ceiling windows of the penthouse. It would have surprised Tony more if Rose wasn't so shaken.
," Rick says, emphasizing Steve's name in a way that suggests he doesn't like calling Steve that. Which, he probably doesn't, and he's only doing it to rile Tony up. And he succeeds in it, like he usually does.
"Sure," she replies simply. "How's Steve?"
"Get your hands off of me," Tony demanded, struggling against his hold when Becker turned him over onto his stomach. A knee planted itself into Tony's lower back, and Tony heard Becker unbuckling his belt. His breath caught and he began struggling with new vehemence.
Tony notices that Clint is entering a ramble, being the expert himself, so he decides to cut him off.
"I'm good," Tony replies and sets the flower in his hand on top of the table. Rick pouts at him.
Steve met his eyes. "How're you holding up?"
So, they went through the guests again to say goodbye to everyone as a newly-wed couple, getting suggestive looks or eyebrow wiggles for their troubles. Every wink or giggle made more and more of cold sweat pool at Tony's palms and back. Why hadn't he just taken some alpha home with him so that this wouldn't be his first time with one?
"Good thing you're awake, anyhow," she said, breaking Tony's train of thought, "This will go quicker if I have your help."
"There should be CCTV recordings from the venue," Natasha supplied, "We should look through them."
really.
of this planet, preferably off of this whole universe. To do that, he needed to know how Hammer had gotten access to them. "The sonic taser isn't supposed to even exist anymore, not even on paper. How could
Tony had to give it to him; asshole or not, the man was dedicated to delivering Tony to whomever it was that wanted him, no matter the costs.
, Steve."
She seemed terrified at the notion and Tony wondered how she had come to have a position such as this. Now wasn't the time to unpack all that, however.
Tony blinked, paling slightly as realization was beginning to dawn on him. "I promise, Jarvis." With that Jarvis had pulled him into a tight embrace and Tony found himself returning it just as fiercely.
They had come a long way, but Jim was afraid that the trail stopped there.
"Hello to you, too," Rick says as he reaches the couch Tony's sitting on, in his usual spot by the armrest, and bends down to kiss his cheek, right over the cut there. Tony hums and takes another sip from his scotch. "Ready for family dinner?" Rick continues.
"One question at a time, Rosie," Tony says, walking up to stand by Steve's cot, brushing a hand over the toddler's head.
Hammer sighed like it was but a bother to him. To Tony, it felt like being dosed with icy water. His mind raced to Ezekiel, and the previous afternoon he had spent with him. To the beating the other man had dealt, as well as to himself, lying pathetically on the floor and crying, of all things. The memory made him go hot with shame, all the while icy dread flooded his veins.
Becker finally managed to pull him up, an enraged snarl on his face. Tony wasn't intimidated by it and sent a knee to Becker's side as soon as he could. He leaned away, arms bending to break the other man's hold. It worked, he was clear of Becker. With that, however, he was also imbalanced, and he fell to the ground, parallel to the car next to him.
, had guaranteed world peace when you denied your tech from the government. And look were that led us."
Also, moving around and trying to work out of his restraints kept his mind off of Ezekiel and Hammer. So, he wiggled his fingers and trashed against the chain, pulled to tear the leather cuffs and pushed on his toes to dislodge the chain from the hook. But it seemed that he was stuck firm and good.
"I-I'll do anything, Dad, please...."
she said, voice coming from the armor's speakers,
The day after Rogers had moved, Tony'd come down to the common floor with Rose, introducing her to Steve, who by now was the only teammate to not have seen her. She shied away a little at first, but when Rogers offered to draw a picture for her, she lit up right away and clung to the blonde the whole time afterwards that she and Tony spent with the team. Drawing was her currently favourite activity, as it was.
get the impression that you like to skip meals." It's Tony's turn to roll his eyes. Yesterday at dinner with the team Rose had let loose that her Daddy 'didn't eat dinner' when Bruce had come to the living room to inform that the vegetable masala was ready. Which, he of course
"Don't interrupt me," Ezekiel said with a dangerous tone, taking a step closer to Tony. Tony recoiled a little on instinct and hated himself for it. Ezekiel leaned down, looming over him. "Speak out of turn one more time, and you'll learn the consequences."
Truth is, Tony's happy about it. He doesn't want a kid. He'd be the worst parent. And Rick? Talk about worst. The only minuses are the added stress of losing the SI if, and when, the clause considering their child in the contract won't be carried out — the SI, which he'd found he genuinely enjoys running and working for, designing weapons and solving puzzles, alongside with being part of directing the company's interests and pissing Rick off — and the fact that Rick seems to be more and more prone to smacking Tony across the face when he blurts out something offensive (which really isn't all that rarely).
"Yes, Mom," he replied with a dry tone and watched as Marco lay down on top of the bed covers. He turned to his side and Tony craned his head to look at Becker. His pale eyes were already on Tony.
"I thought you said you hit your face on a faucet," Clint interjects, unhelpfully. Tony turns his wide eyes from the alpha to send a quick glare in the beta's direction.
As Natasha and Bucky cleared out, he turned so he could see Bruce and Sam both. "I want you two to go through possible suspects. Anyone that has had a bone to pick with Tony in the last few months. See if he's received any threats. Or, a....ransom."
He hit Tony again, this time on his other thigh. "His friendship?" he asked, taking a hold of Tony's jaw and twisting his face upward. "Or, is it his love?"
he told himself.
"What do you clowns think you're doing?" Boss asked levelly, disdain clear in his voice. Tony blinked rapidly and watched as Becker glared in Boss' direction. He said nothing in reply to his question, which was probably the wisest move. Boss sighed, muttering something that sounded like 'whatever' to himself.
"We're switching cars. Now come on, get out."
"Thanks for the meal," he says absently, just to fill the silence. Rogers nods from his spot in the armchair.
"Stay quiet, and I won't need to use this on the unlucky soul behind that door," he said levelly and pushed the gun into the waistband of his jeans, concealed behind his back.
"Bruce, come in," Steve says into the comm.
, but himself being unable to hold the position of the chief executive officer (CEO) of said company, the responsibilities of that position shall be transferred from ANTHONY STARK to his mate-to-be, RICHARD DARROW, when the current CEO, ALPHA HOWARD STARK, so decides, or is himself unable to continue serving under the title. The transfer requires a lawful marriage between the two parties before it is valid.
he thought. As if this was the first time Tony'd been kidnapped off of a gala or a fundraiser or some other event, then thrown into the back of a getaway car in the dark of the night. Yeah, right. Tony ate this stuff for breakfast.
"Yeah, yeah," Tony replies him, shaking the alpha's hand off and walking back to the common floor's kitchen. He grabs a paper towel and starts mopping up the coffee he'd spilt earlier.
They sit there for an hour maybe, listening and joining in on Rosie's stories, until there's a knock at the door.
hours?" Tony asks, fingers twisting into his bed covers. He needs to pace, but he's afraid that if he stands up he's going to leave the apartment to get to the medical facility, and he needs to finish this call and tend to Rosie before he can do that. "And why was I informed just now?"
Tony thought venomously, but couldn't bring himself to say out loud. His jaw had refused to budge from its clenched position ever since he had heard the car driving into the front yard.
"Do you love him?" Ezekiel asked levelly, forcing Tony to focus on him. Tony stared back at him, all words dying on his tongue. Ezekiel shook him with the hand knotted in his hair. "Do you?"
"Thano—"
shall fall to ALPHA OBADIAH STANE or his alpha heir. If not possible, the ownership shall be trusted to the available alpha heir of the Darrow house.
"Yeah, that's true, I guess." The coffee's finally ready and Tony grabs his mug and pours it full, taking a sip right away and cursing at his burnt tongue.
Rick is in the middle of straightening his suit's front when he seems to catch a sight of something. Tony turns a little sideways and sees Steve standing near the kitchen's entrance, leaning against the wall, arms crossed and with a stern expression on his face.
"Fine. Thanks. Did this little terror behave herself today?" He jostles the girl latched around his neck, causing her to giggle and latch onto him even tighter. Not counting in the short orientation day, this was only Rosie's second day at preschool and the morning hadn't been particularly easy; Rosie had cried and screamed at the thought of separating from her parent and staying with these still new and strange people for another full day, which, while a totally normal reaction from a toddler, had been a nerve-wracking and anxiety inducing moment for Tony as well.
will go through ANTHONY STARK, in order to protect the legacy of the Stark name. The final say resides in the combined votes of the CEO-to-be RICHARD DARROW (50%), ANTHONY STARK (30%), the board of directors (BOD) (20%) and the Chairman of the BOD (1%).
He didn't seem all that particular about it, but he was wearing leather gloves, and Tony doubted it was just for the sake of a fashion statement.
"Mmmh," he says, pressing his nose into the crook of Tony's neck and shoulder, "You smell heavenly."
, for lack of a better word. Distinctive in more ways than one.
He was pushed into the chair still pulled up near the pillar and held there by his shoulders.
The beginnings of Rose's smile turn into an impressive pout. "I got school tomorrow."
"—so we decided it was as good time as any to finally wrap this up. We have been in discussions of a deal considering the heir of Stark Industries as well as the second alpha child of the Darrow family—"
Now though, Rick kept his gaze locked to Tony's, his mouth set in a slight smirk that seemed to be his trademark expression. Tony kept a straight face throughout the whole ceremony.
Tony smiled venomously up at him. Marco had stopped at the bottom of the stairs, so he now had to tilt his head up to meet Hammer's eyes. "Yes, well, the entourage I was provided with wasn't the most accommodating, I'm afraid."
"No, I—" She cut herself off to draw in a shaky breath, eyes traveling up to glance at the door. "I can't help you. But I can help
"Stop!" Tony yelled when Becker's hands touched his shoulder blades. They gripped the fabric of his t-shirt, ripping it to expose his back, tearing it down the middle. Tony let out a startled shout right after as the leather belt suddenly struck his upper back, leaving a burning strip of flesh in its wake.
"Wha-what do you mea—"
, he released him. Tony gasped for breath, eyes watering as he pulled air into his lungs in rough gulps. He could feel himself shaking.
Together, Steve and Bruce bully Tony into taking a nap on the sofa in the common floor living room, and when Tony wakes up it's to Rosie's exited chatter about her day at the preschool. She's holding hands with Natasha, who had been previously tasked with picking her up, and is looking straight at Steve with bright eyes as the alpha crouches before her tiny form. Tony watches with sleep-blurred eyes as Steve picks her up and hears him shush her, until they are kneeling before his face where he lies on the couch.
Tony smiled strainedly at him. "And last time I heard about you, you were still in prison. Pleasant stay?"
Ezekiel continued walking and Tony held in his stupidly relieved exhale. "I feel as if that conversation was a bit one-sided."
Hey guys & thank you so much for all the kudos and comments!! Sorry for not replying to all of them, I hadn't had the energy :(
On a positive note, Thor is back from his alien affairs, although he did demolish half of London in the process. And hasn't settling
for him. And wasn't that weird? Tony remembers seeing Rick cook precisely three times for him during their 23-year — this summer 24-year — marriage. Tell you one thing; Rick did
Tony blinked down at his knees with blurry eyes, not knowing what was the smart thing to do.
"Good afternoon, Cap. What brings you to my humble abode?" Rogers rolls his eyes at Tony's antics, since Tony's abode is anything but humble, much like the whole tower.
The next day he returns to the medical facility with Pepper in tow, having dropped Rosie off at the preschool again. He watches with raised eyebrows as the beta rushes to Natasha's cot and practically throws herself at the assassin, whom returns the embrace with as much passion.
close to smiling.
"Because you
"Put on the suit."
They would need the woman to talk, and they needed her to do it now. Steve was painfully aware that with every passing second the trail that led to Tony was growing colder, their chances of getting him back, in one piece
"What will you do, Steve?" he asked instead.
As the heir of
"Hey," he greets everyone once he reaches the kitchen. Everyone echoes his word. Everyone except one.
"Why didn't you contact us when you were on the run?" he asks, letting some of his frustration shine through. He's on the verge of a nasty breakdown as it is.
"I've got nothing today," Rogers replies, finally having taken a seat himself and begun demolishing his huge pile of food.
"No!"
The thought washed him with an artificial calm of sorts, all the way until Ezekiel opened the door to the dining room. He stepped over the threshold and held the door open for Tony. Tony grit his teeth and crawled after him, flushing and preparing himself for the humiliation.
"There were people," Ezekiel begun, pausing to move Tony with his foot again, rolling him onto his stomach. "that died as a result of other people vanishing. Think about it. Bus drivers. Pilots. Doctors. Nurses. Rescue workers. Parents of small children. All those ordinary people."
"That console you good enough?" he asks, gazing up at Steve through thick eyelashes.
Thanks for reading!
After him, had trailed in a woman, seemingly an assistant or secretary of sorts to Ezekiel. She held herself timidly, but didn't look surprised or particularly disturbed by witnessing a bruised up Tony Stark dressed in tatters, sitting there having brunch with Justin Hammer. Now, another woman walked through the doors, this one a bodyguard by the looks of her. Tony didn't recognize either of them.
The door to the room opened and Becker stepped in. He gave Tony a cursory once-over as he walked past him. He went to sit with Marco, pulling out his phone as well.
He decided to wait for the opportune moment. He would need a distraction of sorts before even dreaming of escaping without getting caught right away. He was quick and he did possess a pair of deft hands, but he wasn't that quick, and he wasn't that inconspicuous.
"Aw, come on, baby. I'll take good care of you if you come over and let me buy you something." Tony felt a shudder run down his back. God, he hated dealing with these kinds of situations.
"I'm sorry, but you don't call the shots here, you limp-dick."
Angst, angst and angst everywhere! D:
"Becker," Marco said, sounding irritated and like he was on the verge of giving up by this point, "You're letting him bait you. Take a chill pill."
It was an all too familiar face; arched eyebrows, straight nose and harsh blue eyes. Tony remembered seeing those eyes last just moments before their owner had fallen to their death.
It earns him a soft smile and that gives Tony courage. Courage to stop Steve with a hand on his arm. The alpha stops obediently, and Tony can tell that his hackles are raising when Tony's eyes scan the area, his blue eyes shifting to follow Tony's line of sight. But there is no threat, and Steve seems to get it right away when Tony leans in, touching his lips to Steve's, breathing his scent in.
, then he would be able to make the armor emerge across his body and fly himself away from this place. "We'll have to do this the hard way," the doctor continued. "Relax, please."
Tony supposed he maybe should have paid more mind to his tone, with what the way Justin Hammer's brow was currently twitching from anger, but he had been feeling on edge since he first heard that too familiar whine yesterday evening. Additionally, getting kidnapped and manhandled hadn't helped with the matter.
"I can't. I'm sorry," Dina said. She fell quiet, looking away from Tony. He was miserable, and so it irked him.
He doesn't think about 'that alpha' all that much after that day.
His hands trembling and his vision slightly dimming around the edges, Tony wasn't sure whether to be happy that he had the right to finish his studies and any rights to Stark Industries at all — since this,
That evening he was selfish, spending twice the time he usually spent in putting Rosie to bed, just so that he wouldn't have to be alone for a little while longer.
Yes, I'm still alive and kicking! Sorry for the long wait and thank you for all the lovely support, it means very much to me.
. One bruised shoulder blade, coming right up!
say to console this man?
Bates raised an eyebrow. "You're the genius here, you tell me."
"Don't get cocky," he reprimands, turning to the people still crouching down the hall. "Come on, let's get the hell out of this place!"
Before they can do anything else, they have to separate because JARVIS alerts them about Bruce, on his way to the kitchen. Despite the disappointment, they go laughing like teenagers as they flee into separate floors to avoid the beta catching them.
"You won't be building anything, but you'll need to hold a pen. Even Hammer's not moronic enough to let you near tech," Bates said and Tony blinked up at him; had he just insulted his own boss? Bates seemed to catch his train of thought since he continued, "I'm loyal to him, but that doesn't mean I'm blind to his shortcomings."
"Don't you think Captain America would have already come and saved your pathetic self, did he care at all about you?" Ezekiel pulled him closer, all the way until Tony's neck was straining. "Would he have left you for dead if he cared about you?"
"Let me guess. You didn't want to wear it?"
"Why?" Ezekiel asked.
"Yes?" Steve calls, and the door cracks open to reveal none other than Rick Darrow.
"Okay, so that's a no then," Tony agreed. Dina smiled faintly at him. Then she glanced at her wristwatch and stood up.
That caught Tony off guard. Tonight he was off his game, still unbalanced and raw from Ezekiel's treatment earlier, and if Hammer was going where Tony thought he was with this...he wasn't sure what he was going to do. Lose it, probably.
When the alpha flashed Tony a bright smile from where he was bent over a coffee table, drawing animals with the three-year-old, the omega couldn't help the combined surge of warmth and sorrow that went right through him. His mating bite twinged on his neck.
The heir following RICHARD DARROW shall be the alpha descendant of ANTHONY STARK. If ANTHONY STARK does not bear an alpha heir, the ownership of
Tony raised his arms up before anyone could touch him. "Hey, whoa, nope, I'm really not—" he cried out when the bodyguard grabbed his arm and twisted it,
Tony frowned up at him. The reminder of what Thanos had done chilled him to the core, but he was unwilling to let it show on his face. "What are you—"
"Aye, I shall travel to see my dear Lady Jane," Thor answers brightly. The scientist seems to be one of the only things in whole wide universe that come before the blonde's love for Pop-Tarts.
When Tony hears the bedroom door closing, he lets a sob escape, muffling the one following the first with his hand as the other seeks support from the counter top before him. He slams his palm hard against the marble in his anger. God, he hates this.
I'm not gonna promise another update soon or even soon-ish, because honestly my life doesn't seem to work out like that, but I hope you enjoy this update in the meanwhile. I'll be updating 'Feel me bleed' next, and then I'll try to look over my other WIPs and decide what I want to do with them.
Briefly, Tony considered the possibility of the food being drugged, but it didn't seem likely. Ezekiel could have just as easily plunged a syringe into his neck downstairs, since it wasn't like he needed to trick Tony to overpower him. The power imbalance was already pretty established by now.
He levered himself up to sit as soon as Becker and Marco exited the car, peering out of the windows and taking in his surroundings; trees and fields stretched as far as the eye could see, illuminated by the clear sky. They were parked in a sizable yard, with a section of old fence surrounding the immediate area of it. Directly in front of the car, stood a two-story country house made of stone, ivy growing freely on its walls.
Marco raised an eyebrow. "For what? For not letting Becker beat your ass?"
He took a moment to gather himself, then turned around to inspect the table behind him. There was a smaller, portable table by its side and a large light, currently turned off, hanging over it. Without it, the room was quite dim, the only light source being Rhodey's shoulder lights. Despite the drops on the floor, there wasn't any blood on the table, so Steve presumed someone had been around to clean up.
"Big man in a suit of armor. Take that away and what are you?" he taunts Tony, circling him like he's prey, seemingly attempting to remind Tony that he's an alpha and Tony's an omega, trying to coax him into submission. But Tony's never been good with that. He didn't submit to Rick all those years ago, still hasn't, and he will for sure
Tony looked into Ezekiel's eyes and saw the deep sorrow for his wife as well as the burning rage for him. It was overwhelming.
Tony takes a steadying breath. "I'm not wearing it," he states, voice wavering with anger and repressed emotion. So much for a good moment.
"But we were actually looking for you guys!" Spider-Man said, most likely noticing that the air around them was starting to turn hostile. "We think we might have something."
Tony clenched his jaw. "No."
"That's the plan, darling," he says easily, powering up the repulsors. The HYDRA agents are just behind the corner now.
"Rose," Tony warns, voice lacking all sterness it should hold, instead replaced with wavering caused by his own overwhelming emotions. It's been nearly three months since the three left for their mission, and no word has come through after the last coded message they received a few weeks ago.
"You can just leave it. She'll forget about it in a minute. And if she doesn't, just say that it's somewhere safe." He winks at the alpha before turning to eye his daughter and the beta archer again. It was a good decision to take the day off.
"Don't touch me!" he spat, wrenching away from under Bates' hands, grasping for some measure of control over the situation. Bates let him, stepping away from the chair altogether.
"Of course," Omega Dunn replies in a tone that implies he has no intention of calling Tony 'Tony'. "How are you?"
"That's not true," Tony disagreed, but his argument was weak, even to his own ears.
With Marco's back turned to them, Becker focused back on Tony. His grip on his wrists tightened. Tony's breath stuttered and he fought against the urge to groan in pain. He didn't want to give Becker the satisfaction. "You play nice, now, or you won't like what comes next."
not being rude or bratty. So much for cushioning.
"Happy 24th anniversary," Rick says, opening the box and presenting Tony a beautiful golden necklace. The chain was slim and delicate and it had a small, thin plate attached to it in the middle, so that it would rest just an inch beneath the hollow between Tony's collarbones. Tony was about to wish Rick the same, although he hadn't gotten the alpha a gift, but then he took another look at the small plate. On its surface, carved with a precise and loopy font, was the name 'Richard'.
"So, how does it feel?" the man asked, turning around. "How does it feel to know you're a disappointment even to your greatest hero, Captain America?"
"Is that really necessary?" he asked when Bates fastened the rope around his middle three times, then across his upper chest three more times. He was efficient and quick about it, and it clearly wasn't his first rodeo.
"She sure enjoys Romanov's and Barton's company," Rogers observes, smiling at the two as Barton lifts Rose back up to the jungle gym.
"I had that handled, you know," Tony is compelled to point out.
Tony's light reminder seems to somewhat sour Bruce's mood. "I remember."
presume I will hesitate to pull the trigger. You will regret it."
"I know you don't like talking about it--"
Apart from the small amount of blood smudged on one of the bed legs, Jim couldn't have even told that Tony had been in the motel room. The site was clean and didn't hold any evidence other than the blood. There weren't any witnesses.
Edit: changed the the rating from 'not rated' to 'mature'
"Honestly, with the people that live in this tower I think we should have one in every room. At least once a week someone needs patching up."
"Seems like it," another voice replied.
It's around 8 AM when first Bruce, and then a little later Thor, make their way up to the common floor. Apparently someone had informed them about the state Tony's marriage, at least if the grim looks on their faces when they look at the engineer are any indication. Tony takes that as his cue and kisses the top of Rosie's head before getting up from the sofa. They'd been watching cartoons together with Steve to pass time, but now Tony feels the urgent need to flee down to his workshop. Also, he has work waiting to be done anyway.
"Can you blame me?" Tony snapped back, willing his weak muscles to work so he could heave himself up and lean against the wall. Before he was halfway there however, Becker had walked over and pulled him away. He let go of him once he was in the middle of the patch of floor between the door and the nearest bed.
"Spider-Man?" Steve asked once he placed the voice and the reddish gleam of the suit he could just make out in the dark.
"Hello, gorgeous," she wheedled at him, body turned all the way around to speak to Tony, her obvious alpha scent making his nose twitch. "You want something from over there? My treat."
If ANTHONY STARK passes away, or is otherwise incapable of serving as the Advisor for
"I'm right here, you know."
Rhodey's eyebrows rose. "So you're admitting that you did indeed meet Tony Stark last night?"
Marco sighed again, looking somewhat fed up with the conversation. "Whatever, man." He bent down to dig through the duffel back he'd earlier set down by the wall. He pulled out a wide, sturdy-looking zip tie and started walking towards Tony.
Tony forced down a sob. "It was my fault that people got hurt."
On Saturday, Tony comes in a little earlier than usual, since Rose can spend the day at home with Aunt Nat and Uncle Clint, even if they aren't Steve, who is 'working overtime' according to Tony. He pushes Bruce out of the room to get some sleep after sitting there for the whole night, and takes his place by Cap's side instead. He watches the steady rise and fall of Steve's chest. He allows himself take the alpha by the hand, then lets go as if burned.
"You don't learn, do you?" he asked and reached for him. Tony went without too much of a struggle, since in the end he did prefer being handled by Marco rather then Becker. At least Marco could be reasoned with on an occasion.
Beard's hand tightened, cutting off his air supply. Tony choked, fingers twitching but refusing to properly move. The panic he had thus far managed to fend off came back full force.
"I'm just trying to be real here, Steve," Rhodey said, voice sounding irritated and strangled at the same time.
"Is it ever a discussion with you, Rick?" he asks, voicing his earlier thoughts, hand on his cheek where Rick had made a small cut with his ring.
too close to this guy, that is for sure.
"Shut up," Natasha says suddenly, and all three men turn to look at her.
Then, there is Steve and it shouldn't be that much of a blow to Tony, but it is. It damn well is.
because they couldn't get the backup they needed."
Tony's surprised that Rogers's asking, but doesn't let it show. He merely shrugs. "Yeah, I think he left around four or something. He's holding a conference in California, so he had to catch a flight. He'll be gone for a few days." He sees Rogers nodding from the corner of his eye. "How so?" he asks, finally breaking his staring contest with the coffee maker to have a look at Rogers.
"You wouldn't have had the time. That kid is a damn lightning bolt when she sets her mind to it. And likes wrecking havoc, as well." Steve laughs.
of all things to Steve?" he asks softly, mindful of Rosie still in the room, watching the three adults interacting in interest from her perch in Rick's arms.
Steve squeezes his neck, and even though Tony has for so long associated the action with Rick's intimidating, possessive or rage-fueled attempts of getting Tony to submit, now the feel of a palm touching him there fills him with heat from head to toe. He goes slack, a soft groan escaping his mouth, and
Tony's heart stuttered in his chest and he twisted his head to look up at Ezekiel with wide eyes.
"Honey, I miss them too, but we'll just have to wait a little longer."
"With a mouth like that you'll never get into Rogers' good graces, Stark," Ezekiel said, "Isn't that what you want? His acceptance?"
He's been there for well over four hours when he notices the first signs of Steve finally waking up. His hand twitches and his breath stutters. Tony is on his feet in an instant.
Ezekiel didn't let him finish.
"Oh, Ezekiel, please," Hammer drawled. He sounded carefree enough, but Tony could tell he was treading on thin ice. "We're all adults here, aren't we? Surely we can finish this food together before it goes cold."
"I'm not—" He was slapped, hard.
"I—" He has to pause to swallow again. "I want to learn everything I would if I were an alpha," he answers truthfully. His Father's expression doesn't change one inch.
He looked at himself in the mirror, bruised and bloodied and pitiful, and tried to reign it all in. Now was not the time for a breakdown. Now was the time to put his best foot forward and act like everything was good and peachy, so Hammer wouldn't get in on Ezekiel's little game, too.
His voice cracks at the end of his sentence, and he pants, eyes trained hard on Steve. A tremble wracks through his tight fist.
"And I hear there's dessert coming afterwards, since it's a special occasion. You wouldn't want to miss that, right Rosie?" he tries to cheer her up, and look at that, she seems to visibly brighten at the mention of dessert.
"Why are you here? Did you hurt you at work? When will you come home? Are you coming with me and Daddy?"
"I know that you know that, but I also know that you don't believe it," Tony insists, "Now, tell me. What's bothering you in particular?" Steve spares him a glance, but his eyes are quick to return to the team's footprints that are trailing before them. They walk a while in silence, until he speaks up,
"Not gonna happen," he croaked around a dry throat, closing his eyes and refusing to look at the blueprint again. It was too easy, and Hammer must have devised it like that. Tony could see the flaws standing out like black ink on a white canvas, and the correct answer was so easy. Too easy.
Steve didn't reply, just looked awkwardly to the side, watching the same brick wall Jim had just been glaring at.
"Don't you
Steve didn't have time to say anything before Natasha had bashed the doctor's face right into the metal desk in front of her.
"You know me?" Tony asks, "I'm flattered. Sorry I can't say the same. You see, old dusty alphas seem to always slip my mind."
Tony's heart had begun speeding up as the car had slowed down. Now, as Marco pulled the keys out of the ignition lock, it was beating out of his chest.
"When have you cared about schedules?" Bruce interrupts him, shaking his head. "Come on, let's go upstairs before Steve comes down and drags us both up there."
"Whose fault was it?!" Ezekiel sounded angry now. He electrocuted Tony right after his question, not giving him time to recover. "Whose fault was it?!"
"So," Steve says when they are done loading the dishwasher. The alpha clicks the hatch closed. "You didn't tell me what you were fighting about earlier. The reason he gave you that mark on your face?"
"That's right," Ezekiel confirmed, "You're a selfish, narcissistic, conceited excuse of a human. You are a murderer with blood of the innocent on your hands. Not one soul could ever love you."
"Why?" Ezekiel still continued, seemingly reveling in Tony's turmoil. His hand had left Tony's shoulder and was now traveling down, coming to rest on his bruised ribs. "Why doesn't he love you?"
Thanks for reading!!
"We managed to escape when Nat got the chance to sneak into the facility's control room and brew up a commotion. Although, the complete ordeal required a slew of cool combat moves and a few collapsed walls, but--"
He takes a gulp of it before attacking the stew hungrily.
"You named her 'Margaret'?"
Pepper screamed, and someone near him fired a gun, nearly stopping Tony's heart. It stuttered back into rhythm when he heard it ricocheting from something metallic and Pepper let out a startled, not
Even after too many tests, Tony can't still be too sure that Rose's really okay. She'd been exposed to palladium for whole nine months that Tony'd been pregnant after all, a little while after that, too, when Tony breastfed her, but somehow she has made full recovery if she even ever was sick or dying. Tony had stopped breastfeeding the moment it had dawned on him that the palladium was poisoning his body, and then continued to sleep in the nursery floor in the fear of Rose dying while he was in bed the next room over. Rick had wondered about his odd behavior, but never asked, and Tony never told him.
It's nothing too major but it upsets me all the same. I'm not going to change it though, because now I have the story lined up like I wanted to. It just means that what happened in CA: The Winter Soldier happened one year earlier in this fic than in MCU (spring 2013 instead of spring 2014). That also means that Thor: The Dark World hasn't happened yet, and that we have a little while longer until we get to A:AoU. It might turn out to be a plus though, since now we will probably get to see more Stony fluff than originally planned.... XDD
, Tony, get that! Maria can't give birth to any more children, carrying you was hard enough for her. You know that, Tony. You were our only shot!"
"Daddy's going to work for a while, okay baby?" Rosie nods at him absently, still completely engrossed with the cartoon, so Tony takes the chance to round the couch to get away from the kid's line of vision. "Can you keep an eye on her for me for a while?" he asks Steve. "She can finish watching that cartoon, but don't let her spend the whole morning watching TV. If you get busy then just bring her down to me and I'll figure something out for her to do while I work."
He raised the baton and hit Tony in the ribs with it. "Selfish!" he said as the metal connected with Tony's skin, and Tony cried out at the intensity of the pain.
"For what?" Tony asked irritably, "I'm not building him anything. Is there even a workshop in this dump? Because if so, I highly doubt it meets all the safety regulations."
Tony rolls his eyes, exasperated, and listens to Rose's gasp. "Daddy," she whines. "Please, don't sulk."
Rick's hand shoots up to curl around Tony's upper arm and he pushes Tony tighter up against the table. Okay, obviously the wrong thing to say.
"Not feeling up to it?" he asked as he walked over, taunting him. "Too bad. You should have thought of that when you turned down my offer.
"Yes, yes, good to finally meet you, Anthony," Chester Darrow rambled pleasantly, standing up and cradling Tony's hand in his larger hands. Just cradling, not shaking. You didn't shake an omega's hand, especially if you were an alpha like his Father or Alpha Darrow.
Natasha's usually unreadable face was openly displaying concern and her knuckles were white as she pursed her hands into tight fists. Tony was important to her, Steve knew, and this mission would in all accounts be personal. By her side, Bruce was pale, a little green around the edges. For him, this was personal, too.
"He doesn't love me," Tony clarified, this time with all of his essence, voice choked and nose clogged as a new set of tears made their way down his face. The pain on his shoulder was horrible, but nothing compared to the anguish he felt inside.
Perhaps against his better judgement, he defiantly raised his chin as much as his stiff muscles allowed him to, looking Beard straight in the eye.
But that was Hammer's play, after all. Unlike Ezekiel who would abuse and intimidate him, Hammer would coax and bribe him. Like a twisted good cop, bad cop routine. And Tony refused to give into it.
"Oh, Tony, my dear boy, we have wonderful news for you, darling," she gushes, pulling back and Tony resist the urge to sneeze at her omega pheromone enhanced perfume. They are popular among upper class omegas, but Tony has always preferred cologne. It's probably because of his Father, who hates having to smell Tony's, although dampened, but still there sweet scent. Tony wants to think that he wears cologne because pheromone enhanced perfumes....just no. Not for him anyway. Especially on a campus full of young and hormone riddled alphas.
, Tony thought, but refrained from saying. It wouldn't do him any good either way. Instead, he stared defiantly into Becker's eyes and waited it out.
"They are fine, they just got released yesterday morning. You're the one that's been stuck in the damn hospital bed," Tony snaps, and notices that his vision is blurring and that his lungs are burning. He sets the plastic cup back on the side table. "I fucking hate you," he hisses and buries his face in Steve's neck, gasping as he tries not to start screaming -- or worse, crying -- scenting furiously and inappropriately as he embraces the other man. He feels Steve answer in kind, holding Tony tightly against himself and scenting his hair and exposed left ear, and unconsciously scent marking him by rubbing fingers against his neck. Tony knows that he should pull away, and he knows that Steve knows the same, but right now he doesn't care. Neither of them do.
Steve is frowning by now. "Yes, you are, Alpha Darrow."
Tony really didn't want to think about that, and so he broke the eye contact with Hammer, causing the other man to bark out a laugh.
We're now entering the part of the timeline where things are starting to build up towards Age of Ultron. Currently AoU is about a year away, and we start from early spring, 2014. Enjoy!
He places his tumbler on the coffee table, then stands up to grab Rosie from Rick. He places her on the floor. "Run along now, pup. Go put on that nice new headband Aunt Pepper gave you, so you'll be fancy for dinner." She nods and takes Tony's command to 'run along' quite literally, speeding to her room to rummage through her drawer.
As Tony watched, the larger man began pacing, his spine straight and his hands folded neatly behind his back. Tony couldn't help but feel the contrast to his own position, his back slouching from the angle of his arms, his hands bound to the chair uncomfortably.
"I simply do what is required of me," she interrupted, leaning back in her chair like she had no worries in the world. She glanced at the one-way mirror, pushing a stray piece of hair behind her ear. She smiled at her own reflection, and Steve despised her.
The doors at the front opened and slammed closed, and two sets of footsteps moved to the back doors. They were promptly popped open. Becker's hand let go of Tony's neck and he coughed, gulping in air.
It was pointless; with his arms above him, chained around the pillar he could hardly move, much less escape from Ezekiel.
Thanks for reading! Please, let me know how you liked the first chapter :)
Tony thinks. "We haven't met, at least not officially," he continues, "We do hold shared...interests, however."
Ezekiel watched him for a moment. "Say it."
He let go of Tony to pace around him. "That was one thing my father lacked — the ability to shut you up." He laughed, but the sound of it was bitter. "He lacked control. And that is exactly what you needed. What you still need, so you won't go destroying innocent people's lives."
He was interrupted by a sudden loud bang, reverberating from somewhere in the room. He instantly lifted his shield as Rhodes spoke,
He straightened up again, getting right on track with his spiel, "I can't say that I'm surprised it didn't pan out, though. I don't think there's a soul on this planet that could love you."
After a moment, the clock ticking past 12 PM, Rick pulls back. "I brought something for you. A souvenir, if you will," he says, pulling a small box from his pocket. They sometimes gave small (or not so small) gifts to each other, ranging from objects riddled with derogatory double-meanings (like Rick spitefully ordering Tony a S&M kit one Christmas or Tony giving Rick a packet of Viagra for his 40th birthday in front of his parents and his three siblings) to actual gifts, usually on the expensive side (like Rick buying Tony another car for his 35th birthday or Tony getting Rick diamond cufflinks for one of their foundations' charity galas that they'd hosted together last year). What can he say, they were a real messed up couple.
"Get up," Becker said, one hand already around Tony's arm to pull him up. Tony stumbled after him as Becker all but manhandled him towards the motel room's tiny bathroom. He shoved him in.
"How could doing what you did to Tony Stark not be in violation of the oath?"
The following day is Friday, and Clint and Nat are released in the morning. They linger for a while with Tony and Cap, but eventually are ushered out of the room to get some resting done in the tower. Tony fiddles with his tablet as he watches over Steve.
ANTHONY STARK shall have a position within the company. His position will encompass the functions of an Advisor, and every decision made considering
Tony's lungs were working overtime to draw in an adequate amount of air. His vision swam and he could tell he was nearing a panic attack. Another shock coursed through his body.
"Hi, peanut," Rogers replies, catching the kid mid-step and balancing her on his arm.
And it wasn't like it was a bad reward. Quite the contrary actually. Tony's body was begging for rest and food by now, and a shower and clean clothes would make him feel less like a pathetic wreck and more like a human being again. Some Neosporin and new bandages would go a long way, as well.
"Yup," he replies. "ETA two minutes, Captain Handsome." He hears Steve sputtering a little, mostly from exasperation, and can't quite contain his snicker.
"Me too," Steve agreed. He handed the box back and eyed Jim for a moment. "Where will you go now?"
"What's that?" he asks, gesturing towards the paper. Rosie seems a little distracted by the fabric of her new uniform (a soft, navy blue one piece dress with red accents at the lapels and a warm cardigan that's thrown over it), but she tunes in at the sound of Tony's voice.
A noise. Car doors opening and closing, was what Tony thought it was. He turned his head, trying to pry his eyes open and wake himself up.
This is a new territory, and he's not sure what the next course of action should be. The obvious thing for any other omega would be to fully let go, to submit to the perfect alpha before them. But they're not Tony Stark. The Tony Stark, who has never submitted to another person before, at least not both bodily and mentally. Is that even the thing that's expected of him right now? Is Steve asking him to submit, to leave his current alpha and his kid--
Pepper and Rhodey are a big help during the nine months. The beta and the alpha help him around the house, at work, offer to massage his feet from time to time, and just plain old spend time with him. Even Happy seems to be more enthusiastic to drive him around New York when he wants a specific decaf latte (decaf only because of the baby) from a specific coffee shop. Maybe it's the pregnant omega pheromones making their brain go into mother hen mode, or maybe they're just awesome. Either way, Tony doesn't complain.
"Anthony, good evening," he said. "You look a little worse for wear, hm? Please, have a seat."
It was a little over four months after that, Rose turning three and Tony turning forty-three, half a month after the fall of SHIELD, when the Avengers finally began, one by one, moving into the Avengers Tower. Tony was probably too enthusiastic about it, but it payed off when he got to see the awe on his teammates' faces when he showed them their personalized floors that his enthusiasm had caused him to design. He'd also added a common floor and a gym, so that they'd have some boding time every once in awhile. And working out was important, or so he'd heard.
, with Tony's whole life depending on it staying a secret, whether or not their affair is mostly innocent at the moment. Rick won't care about the semantics were he to learn about Tony and Steve's budding romance.
"She say anything yet?" she asked, nodding at Nebula in greeting as she walked over, stopping to stand by Steve's other side.
and the two of them turn to look at Clint, sitting on top of his HYDRA agent. The sound had evidently come from Clint bashing the agent's head against the concrete floor. Tony winces in sympathy.
Marco stood up and walked over to the other side of the room. Tony watched as he sat down into an armchair and pulled out his phone, fingers moving like he was typing.
Tony hissed, clenching his jaw to keep his sobs contained, as Ezekiel roughly repositioned him to kneel with his back turned to the other man. "Stay still," Ezekiel instructed, moving away from him. Tony was too exhausted, too distraught to even start thinking about disobeying, so he stayed put and tried to pull himself together.
his Father continues, all but screaming as he slams the newspaper he'd still been gripping in his hand against the wood of the dining table. The slap echoes in the room harshly, and Tony has to catch himself before flinching again, not wanting to be more of a disappointment.
"The fuck is this?" he asks angrily, shoving Rick further from him. "You got me a freaking
Ezekiel waited for a moment, as if expecting Tony to disagree. "Good," he said finally, letting the baton drop from his chin. "See, this is what I've been talking about. Control."
This time, Tony couldn't hold in the objection, "He doesn't hate me!" he bit out petulantly, hearing the desperation in his tone. Ezekiel struck his ribs with the baton and kicked the chair sideways, causing Tony's right shoulder to impact harshly with the floor.
Becker took a step forward, but Marco was there to stop him. "Seriously, man. I'm going to report you to the boss if you don't cool it. And he'll
Tony jolts at the greeting, not having heard anyone entering the kitchen. It's around 4:30 AM and Tony had just emerged from his workshop to get some coffee from the common floor kitchen. Him and Rick were out of coffee grounds, as it was.
Tony's first heat hits him the fall he's sixteen. It's his second year at MIT, the first ever omega to get to attend thanks to his Father's influence and Tony's undeniable intelligence.
"Thank you, you can have it," she singsongs before running back to her room, probably to draw some more animals from the zoo. Tony watches as Rogers looks over the drawing again.
Sorry this chapter is a little shorter than usual, but I just thought that that was a good ending for now, right? I'll make it normal length next time I promise lol
"Okay...." Rose answers him slowly, turning her eyes from her Daddy to Rogers. "Can I have some breakfast, please?" she asks sweetly, even adding a flutter of her lashes as a final touch to her request.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony's breath stuttered, and he tried to keep his face blank. Ezekiel, however, read his face like an open book, and sneered down at him. "Oh, that's so disgustingly pathetic, even for you, Stark."
He had kept to himself as they had driven, playing unconscious in the hopes of overhearing something useful. So far, the only thing he had heard in addition to the country music from the radio was some celebrity gossip Becker and Marco apparently kept up with.
"What about you?" Rogers seems to have recovered from his slip-up. Tony turns to look at the blonde again. "I mean, how are you doing with your mate gone so often?"
"Noted." Tony can practically feel Rick rolling his eyes at him, but he doesn't mind it since two strong hands start massaging his sore neck in an attempt to alleviate the stress along with the tightly coiled muscles.
it. He hates how easily his body submits to his mate, and how good it feels when Rick touches him the right way. He absolutely
Hammer walked across the lobby and lead them into a simple, traditional dining room. The only set of furniture in the room was by the window, where there was a table with a pristine table cloth, set for three. In the corner, near the table stood Bates, leaning leisurely against the wall. Tony met his eyes as he was steered over to the table.
"Cuff him," the man holding the device,
Alpha or not, Rhodey didn't once take advantage of Tony during his heat, even with the dorm room's air thick with pheromones and with Tony's skin hot and glistening with sweat. Not even when Tony pleaded him or clung to him. No, not Rhodey. He just sat there, talked him through it, carding soothing fingers through his hair, wiping sweat from his brow with a wet rag and helping him eat in his moments of clarity. Then comforting him afterwards, when Tony was clear-headed enough to feel shaken and embarrassed for the whole ordeal. And not once after did the alpha mock Tony for his behavior during those three days.
"Come on! This way!" Tony yells as Clint and Steve start covering for them. Fortunately, the fire is coming only from one direction for the time being, but Tony wouldn't count on it to stay that way. "Stay close to the wall, keep your heads covered!"
"Thor is innocent in all of this."
Please, review the tags and warnings if you are sensitive to these sorts of things, there's gonna be one graphic scene this time around. Hit me up at tumblr or in the comments if you aren't comfortable with reading it and you need a summary of the chapter instead.
nemesis.
Hope the contract wasn't too boring? I quite enjoyed fabricating it. Btw is the summary for this fic okay? I know there's stuff in it that hasn't been yet mentioned in the fic itself, but I still wanna know if it was interesting at all. I don't like how it turned out XDD
Rick smiles pleasantly at him. "Rose seems particularly fond of him."
"No, no, it's fine," Steve protests, looking too near tears himself to Tony's liking. The omega frowns at the alpha. He's not going to sit trough any more tear fests, thank you very much.
and proceeds to jab him with a quick fist. The man staggers, but doesn't lose his balance. His hand goes to reach for his comm, presumably to alert the HQ, but Steve's shield meets his face before he can quite manage that. It knocks him right out.
He keeps his suits in the workshop beneath his and Rick's penthouse apartment, a little surprised that the alpha had actually agreed to letting Tony keep and continue to tinker on them (not that Tony would've been about to let Rick have his way, had that not been the case). Maybe he intends to win off some money from them, now that Tony had managed to shut down the weapons manufacturing with the combined votes from him, the board and the Chairman. Apparently what happened with Obie was enough bad PR for everyone except Rick.
Tony nods. Rick is leaving to work then, and is just coming down to give Rosie to Tony. The engineer gets up and walks to the living room where the elevator is. As he passes one of the sofas the elevator pings and the doors slide open.
Bates looked at him, then pulled on the chain to get him to move. And Tony was hardly to blame — it was almost instinctual — for using the momentum and striking Bates' hand off the chain with his palm. Bates' other hand was already halfway up by that point, but Tony had been expecting it and deflected it was easy. He managed to dodge one more grab by leaning away, before Bates planted a hand in the middle of his chest and slammed him down to the floor.
He snaps out of his reminiscing as Omega Dunn answers his inquiry, "Rose did very well today." He smiles warmly in the little girl's direction, and Tony can't help but join in. "We all did crafts together and learned about some plants. Then she had playtime with the other kids. She's very bright for her age."
, he thinks bitterly.
"Rhodes," he said firmly, "Don't say that."
It wasn't all that bad. Cleaning up made him feel more human. It felt good, wiping away the sweat and grime from his skin. He just wished he could wipe away his injuries along with the dirt.
Tony bites his lip, but ends up nodding and quickly leaving to sit at the dining table when a thumb strokes over the skin on his shoulder. He's getting
"Yinsen," he repeated and watched as the hands lifted something out of his chest.
"Sorry, but I've got company," he tried to rationalize to her, smiling without it reaching his eyes, knowing better than being rude. Alphas weren't good with 'no's, so their fall back to Earth had to be carefully cushioned. Otherwise it could always get ugly.
When Steve and his team seized him one hour later, he sang like a bird with the faintest threat from Natasha.
had a vision for your company! For this country! His weapons would have saved us from that monster. He was going to protect us, arm us, unlike you and your bunch of freaks that somehow have the authority to run around rampantly."
Tony knew he could rationalize that, knew that he could come up with a dozen of reasons, but he couldn't right now, not now when he was dizzy with pain and embarrassed beyond measure. So, right now he didn't want to think about it. He tried to pull his head back, but Ezekiel's hold was tight and firm. "Stop, I—"
Together they get Rose washed up, changed and ready for bed, and Tony reads her a short story like he usually does before tucking her in.
"Put him on the ground," Boss said and Marco let Tony drop.
"Shut up," Becker snapped, unsurprisingly, "You better not try and make a ruckus, or I'll find something to gag you with."
Tony eyed the porcelain cups and plates on the table. "To the door," he said, choosing to leave out the fact that he had gotten his hands on a gun. Let them underestimate him. Marco and Becker wouldn't squeal, since it had been their incompetence in the first place that had enabled Tony to get as far as pressing a barrel against Marco's head. They wouldn't tell a soul if they knew what was good for them. Something told Tony Bates wouldn't be very forgiving, to say the least.
"Fury? What is it? Is it about Cap and the others?" he asks quickly, mind jumping from one unsettling conclusion to another and so on. He sets the tablet back down.
"Becker," Marco said with a warning in his tone.
There, on the concrete floor by the leg of the table, were a few smudged droplets of blood. Nothing major that would imply of an existence of a lethal wound, but significant nonetheless.
Still, he swallowed past the lump forming in his throat, forcing his voice to stay even as he spoke the words that would end his life as he knew it, "I do."
On a weekend a couple of weeks after the heat, he goes to visit his parents, obediently on his new suppressants that his Father and Mother had sent him. He's barely gotten himself and his bag inside the Stark family manor, when his Mother comes to welcome him giddily. Which she doesn't do.
Btw, 'крошка' = little one, baby
It takes a while, but they finally return to the tower red-eyed and tired to the bone, Tony carrying the child asleep in his arms as he steps out of the elevator.
"Steve?" Rick asks, and eyes Tony curiously.
The front door opened and closed, and Tony waited as the footsteps approached the dining room. Bates had moved to stand behind Hammer, still and vigilant like a trained little dog, while the man himself leaned back leisurely in his chair.
Huh, Tony hadn't noticed. He walks up to lean against Clint's cot, watching the archer's mouth hanging open as he takes in the two women in the room, when Pepper shoots him a look, daring him to comment. He just nods and smiles, and that seems to be enough.
and hugs his daughter tightly to his chest, keeping a hold of Pepper's hand as he does. Rick's at the other side of the country, having been away handling SI business, and won't be making it back home till the next day because of the disturbances in air traffic that the alien invasion has caused.
They were quick to shut up however, when Boss suddenly grabbed Tony by his hair, the rapid and harsh movement going against his earlier bored drawl and slow hands. He tugged his head roughly to one side, so that the right side of his neck and his ear were vulnerable and exposed. Boss then pressed close, his cheek against Tony's and his mouth intimately close to his right ear. Tony squirmed and grunted at him, but his grip only hardened, turning to steel and prompting Tony to cease his struggling.
Tony can smell that the jab raises his temper, but not enough for him to let it show on his face.
Bruce frowns at him. "Or, a nap perhaps? We've been at this for hours, and frankly, given that this isn't my field and you're running on fumes, I'm not sure how much we're accomplishing here."
"Why'd we stop?" It was Speech Impediment this time speaking.
So, when at the age of 38, still not having gotten pregnant, he gets taken by a terrorist group called the Ten Rings, he decides to turn his steadily downwards spiraling life around and creates Iron Man in order to safe himself. His heart breaks once more when he hears that he'd been betrayed by the one man that he'd still considered family, a last attempt at getting his hands on the SI before Tony turned 40 and the company would belong to the Darrows by law, as was according to the contract. He kills Obadiah, and doesn't sleep properly for months afterwards.
"Dina," he said and the assistant twitched. "Fetch Stark a glass of water and a plate of something to eat. He has earned it."
"Is it Spidey?" Rhodey asked, appearing beside Steve, his shoulder light illuminating the red-and-blue-clad Avenger. "Why are you here?"
"I wonder if you could give me one more child, darling," Rick croons at him, and strokes the exposed small of his back. The pants are somewhere around Tony's ankles. "It's a little late, but I think you could do it if we tried hard enough."
It gave Steve a pause, but the reminder of Tony and Dr. Miller's involvement in his kidnapping had the opposite reaction to what Rhodes had aimed for; it hardened his resolve, even whilst the notion made him feel a bit ill.
They had talked to the people staying in neighboring rooms and learned that there had been some ruckus early in the morning. Someone had heard a man screaming, but that was the extent of it. It didn't seem like anything apart from the norm for that particular motel. Rhodey had suppressed a shudder at that, and Steve had had to walk out of the room.
"I, uh, I tripped."
He raised his hands and Tony tensed as the man patted him down.
"Keep dreaming, loverboy."
"Shut the hell up," he growled, keeping steady pressure on Tony's throat. "You know it's true. They can't stand the sight of you. Not your parents, not your friends, not even your beloved Avengers." He released Tony, who erupted into a coughing fit.
"A what now?"
He turned up his PR smile and looked at Marco. "Thank you," he said.
"Please," she gasped, looking at him over her shoulder, "they've got my daughter. I'm so sorry, Mr. Stark, but they...they told me if I didn't get you over here alone they'd—"
Marco
"Get up," Bates repeated, reaching over to remove the chain from Tony's leather cuffs. He put it in his pocket and pulled Tony's hands down, closer to the rest of Tony's body from where they had been reaching around the pole.
