“That’s not the point.” John says. “Just the idea on its own. I already get shivers down my spine when I think about it.” He locks the door behind them and walks next to Sherlock towards the exit.
“Look John. Just try to not get involved with him. It’s a bad world he got himself in.” John looks up at Kevin and notices he looks really serious. “I won’t.” John says and Kevin smiles a bit again. “Good, I don’t want you to walk the same path as he did."
do last night?!" John's heart starts to beat faster. Does Greg know? But how? He locked the door and left no traces at all about what happened that night. Or did he? Shit! Did he forgot anything? John’s head starts spinning while his thoughts fly through his head.
“I don’t want you to go…” John whispers and just when he says that Sherlock dives in the water. A faint light is visible and then nothing. John keeps standing there, starring at the water for what seems like an eternity. He then walks back a bit, picks up Sherlock's clothes and he sits down on a rock. He holds the clothes close to his body while keeping his eyes fixed on the sea.
“What is i-“ Sherlock puts his hand on John’s mouth to shut him up. They sit there frozen like ice until Sherlock climbs out of the bathtub. He quickly walks out of the room and John follows him clumsily, trying not to slip over the wet floor. Sherlock grabs John’s phone, which was apparently ringing, and picks up. John sighs deeply. Did they just seriously stop for a bloody phone call… John walks back to the bathroom to get them both a bathrobe. When he comes back Sherlock is still talking with, what John presumed, is Mycroft. He forces Sherlock into the bathrobe and gets them both a cup of tea.
Sherlock takes out his phone. “If everything goes alright it’ll be dealt tonight.” he says and the woman smiles. “Thank you.”
He always had a big interest in underwater life. Especially dolphins, killer whales and sharks. So when Greg told him they had a job available, John didn't hesitate. He had send out his CV, got called in for a talk and got the job. And now he was here. Swimsuit on as walks around while Greg was showing him the basics.
“J-John… I…” Sherlock pants and thats all he can say before he comes. The semen spilling over John’s and his own stomach. John only has to thrust a couple more times before coming himself. John slowly slides out of Sherlock who keeps holding on to John.  Their breathing returns to normal and John lets himself fall next to Sherlock. He grabs the cloth and cleans up Sherlock’s stomach before cleaning his own. He rolls off the condom, wraps it in the dirty cloth and puts it aside. Sherlock pulls the covers over them both.
He quickly grabs John by the arm and pulls him in the water. Just a second after they’ve hit the water a loud explosion is heard and stones and wood flies around everywhere. A white light appears and John closes his eyes. He can feel sharp nails growing out of the hands around his arms. When the light disappears again John opens his eyes and the first thing he sees is Sherlock. Sherlock is holding him close while he dodges the rocks that are falling. John does his best to hold in his breath but when he’s almost out of air he squeezes Sherlock’s arm. Sherlock gets the hint and blows some bubbles John’s way.
Now it is the creature’s time to look John over. He does it a bit quicker. He looks down and back up and seemed to already know all the information he needs to know. He grabs John by the arms and pulls him back up. His tail swings powerfully in the water.
John gulps. “I made the preparations, showered and went home…” He says carefully, not sure how Greg will respond if he knows he is lying. Greg pulls up an eyebrow.
When they finally arrive at home John walks over to the bedroom to get them both some dry clothes. When he walks back he heads for the bathroom because he knows Sherlock by now. And he is right. Sherlock’s leaning over the bath to fill it with water. John starts changing out of his wet clothes and into his dry and warm ones.
“W-what…?” John asks. What kind of people did Sherlock meet…? Every person with at least a bit of decency would look the other way.
“The usual I presume?” The man asks while he takes a small package out of his bag. Sherlock hands him over some cash but the man shakes his head. “Price has gone up."
“Why don’t you go grab us some blankets, then I’ll make us a hot cuppa.” John says. Sherlock nods and makes his way to his bedroom, returning with the covers of his bed not much later. Sherlock sat down in front of the fire and wrapped the covers all around him.
Sherlock groans and looks at the money in his hand. “This is all I have.” He says and the man sighs before grinning like he just got the best idea. “You know, you’re pretty good looking. There might be another way for you to pay for the rest.” The man takes a step closer and Sherlock bites his bottom lip.
John walks over to him and closes his laptop, taking it away even though Sherlock was protesting. “You don’t use my laptop in the bathroom. If it gets into contact with water it will not only break, but you can get yourself hurt as well.” He puts the laptop under his arm and walks out of the room, leaving Sherlock to sulk in the bathroom.
“Where are you planning to go to now?” He asks, loud enough for Sherlock to hear. Sherlock turns around. “I don’t care. Just away from here. Everything is better then here.” John shakes his head.
He made his way to the bathroom, getting out of his own wet clothes and putting on a bathrobe before walking back to Sherlock with a spare bathrobe and towel. He stops for a second when he saw the man was naked, again. This has been the third time he sees Sherlock naked. He pulls himself together and hands him the robe and towel. While Sherlock dries himself John makes them some tea. He didn’t even knew if Sherlock drank tea. He just makes it out of habit.
“What kind of things are you involved with?” John asks carefully and Sherlock lets go of his hand. It is quiet for a couple of seconds before he grabs it again. “Just some people.” He replies.
“You sure Kevin is okay with that?” John asks as he watches Sherlock walk towards the couch. His long legs sticking out underneath the oversized shirt. John can’t help but look at him till Sherlock turns around. “I’m sure it’s fine. I borrowed shirt’s from him before.”
The cab arrives soon and John has never seen a cab driver look so confused. He carefully places the man in the car before getting in himself. He orders the cabbie to get them to the hospital, quickly.
“Well I should be off to work. Maybe I’ll see you around.” And with that she waves John and Kevin goodbye and leaves.
“That won’t do.” Sherlock says and he turns around to leave but he freezes when he looks at John. There are several red dots placed over his chest and one on his head.
Sherlock looks at John and asks “Are you coming with me?” John looks at Sherlock then Thomas and eventually back to Sherlock before nodding. He wants to get up but gets stopped by the little boy grabbing his arm. “You’re not leaving already are you? Don’t leave big bro…” The boy seems to be on the edge of tears and John gulps. He looks over at Sherlock who is waiting for him and he sighs, picking up the boy.
The man behind the desk looks up. John starts to feel uneasy. Not just because the man might know what he did, but the man in general gave John the creeps.
“We should get you a haircut.” John whispers and Sherlock groans softly. “It’s getting rather long.” Sherlock lets himself sink down till he’s completely underwater. John looks down at him and when Sherlock opens his eyes John swears they’re more blue then before. Sherlock’s hair is moving slowly in the same rhythm as the water and John finds the sight breathtaking. After a while Sherlock comes back up and turns around to face John.
“Okay, then how do I know you won’t kill me after I give you this.” John asks, not taking his eyes off from the creature who starts to sigh.
“Uhm yes sir. I was working then. But I’ve seen nothing out of the ordinary.” John answers, trying to keep his voice as normal as he can.
"And here we got the dolphins.” Greg blows on a small whistle and three dolphins pop their heads above the surface one after one other.
Sherlock groans and lets himself fall in the chair he has claimed over these past few weeks. He now starts to tap on the armrest with his fingers and John gets up. “That’s it, we’re going outside. Put on your shoes.” John walks over to the hallway to grab their coats and Sherlock looks confused his way but he still does as John orders him.
When he comes back the green light on his phone is blinking. He sits down on the bed and unlocks it.
“He’ll contact you eventually honey.” His mother says. “What he did for you isn’t something that everyone would. Just give him some time.” She gives him a gentle smile and John smiles back. “You’re right. Thanks.” He says but even though he knows his mother is probably right he can’t shake off the bad feeling he has. He’s worried about Sherlock.
“You’re not even going to share that?!” John asks when he walks into the room with two cups in his hands. Sherlock opens the covers so John can sit next to him. John gives the man his cup and pulls the cover around him, shivering a bit.
They walk into a small coffee shop and Sherlock chooses a seat all the way in the back. They order some coffee and Sherlock stays quiet till the waitress has brought them their order. He carefully takes a sip and looks John in the eyes.
Sherlock shakes his head and yawns. John smiles and gets out of bed. “Come on, I’ll make you some coffee.” John makes his way to the kitchen and makes them both a cup coffee. When he brings them to the living room Sherlock is already sitting in his chair, phone on the armrest. John hands him his cup and  sits down in his own chair.
Okay i tried the 'reading out loud' someone in the comment suggested and changed some things. I hope it's a bit better now :3
“Please answer me.” John types and he presses send. He hasn’t seen Sherlock in almost a month and he stopped responding to John’s texts. John sighs and puts down his phone.
“Bugger off.” Sherlock says as he turns around. The girl sits on the edge of the bed and unlocks Sherlock’s phone. She scrolls through the long list of unread messages.
More then a week has passed and Sherlock still hasn’t returned. John has send him texts but no answer. With every day that passes by John feels more worried. His shift for the day is finally over and he grabs his stuff. When he walks out of the back door he sees a familiar figure standing on the other side of the alleyway.
Sherlock gasps and John waits a couple seconds so the man can get used to it before he slides it almost all the way out and then back in again. Sherlock’s breathing becomes faster and he has closed his eyes now. John gives him a kiss on his inner thigh before sliding a second finger inside of him.
“So, you finally decided to come?” He asks and John nods. He puts his backpack down and takes off his jacket. It was nicely warm in here.
“But…” John says and Sherlock shushes him. “No ‘but’. Come on.” He takes John’s hands and pulls him up. He cleans John up and gives him a new shirt he brought with him. John puts it on and takes a last look at the body that is now covered with a bloodstained sheet before following Sherlock up the stairs. Sherlock pulls him into the living room where John’s mother and a little boy were standing. John looks up surprised as the woman walks up and hugs him.
“What are you doing in my bed?!” John pulls the blanket over his lower half. He was wearing pants, but still.
“Yes." Kevin says and before he can say anything else John interrups him. "But I wasn't involved. I don't even know precisely what and who he's involved with. And I probably never will."
Sherlock looks back up. “Your father…?” He asks carefully and John nods. “Only physically or also mentally?” Sherlock continues and John just whispers “Both.”
John leans on his hands to get up, but stops the moment he feels a burning pain in his wrists. The blood falls down on the iron platform and it starts to mix with the water. John sighs and gets up, looking into the water once more before walking down the stairs and out of the room. He makes sure the door was locked and walks over to the changing room. He lets the water from the shower run over him. The burning feeling in his wrists became stings and John looks at them until they stop bleeding. He takes off his suit and lets the water run on his face. He isn’t sure how long he is standing there, but he doesn't care. The warm water is nice and it clears his mind.
John shakes his head and Kevin sighs deeply. “Do you have any idea?” John asks and Kevin looks up at him. “I’m afraid I might do.” John looks curious as he waits for Kevin to continue. “Last year Sherlock was involved in some drug deals. I managed to help him out of it but it wouldn’t surprise me if he fell back in it."
“Where are you going…?” John asks. His voice is soft but just hard enough for Sherlock to hear. He can see Sherlock’s eyes switch from left to right as he is looking at John.
“You came back.” John says with a smile, but his smile disappears when he sees the look in Sherlocks eyes. Something is wrong. John steps closer to Sherlock and puts his coat around him before cupping his face.
John then remembers why he was here and grabs the necklace from his pocket, letting it dangle before him. The creature’s eyes become bigger and he rises from the water. However John is quicker and he stands up, getting the necklace out of reach for him.
In the morning John gets out of bed to make himself ready for work. He takes a shower and when he walks too the kitchen, Sherlock is standing there.
The creature drags John to the ladder and pushes him out of the water. John hisses when his head hits the iron railing and he gets up, rubbing the back of his head. When he looks down into the reservoir he can see the end of a tail disappear in the dark hole of the big rock.
“I… I never told anyone before.” John says and he finally looks Sherlock in the eyes. He’s pretty close, John thought. But it felt nice, it felt save.
“I’m involved with things he doesn’t want around here. He says I’m a threat to the other kids.” He takes John’s hand and plays with it.
He is cold, hungry and his eyes are getting heavy when all of a sudden something came out of the sea. It is a man. John jumps up, his body stiff from sitting in the same position for hours, and takes a few steps forward. When he could recognize the pale skin and black curls he runs up to him. Sherlock stumbles out of the sea, head low and slightly shivering. John stops in front of him and Sherlock looks up.
"I know a better way to warm up." Sherlock says with a soft purr in his voice. He takes John's cup and puts it aside together with his own before leaning forward. John grins and automatically reaches out to put his hand on the back of Sherlock’s head. He leans in the last bit and kisses Sherlock on the mouth. Just softly and slow. There is no rush, no time limit. Just the two of them, together.
They arrive at the bus stop near John’s house and got off the bus. It was still raining but Sherlock didn’t seem to mind. They walked towards John’s house in a normal pace. When they walked through the door their clothes were soaked. John tells Sherlock to take his clothes off in the hallway while he grabs them both some blankets.
Sherlock gives him another smile. “I understand.” He says as he leans down to kiss John. “Is it possible for me to crash here though? I don’t really got anywhere to go to…” John nods and gives him another kiss. “Of course you can."
Sherlock takes a bite and smiles. “I know people who have been cooking for themselves for years and they can’t even bake an egg."
“I’ve seen people use them and heard about what they could do. But I never got my hands on one.” His eyes dart over the blue screen as if he was reading something. John gets up from his chair and walks up behind Sherlock. He leans on the back of the chair while looking at the screen over Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock was opening various programs and then closing them again.
“Okay I know you kids are in here! You know you’re not allowed in here so show yourself and I won’t call your parents!” It sounds like the voice is coming closer so he’s making his way to the pool.
"This is where we clean and prepare the fish" Greg says, as he shows John the room. John just got his new job as a dolphin caretaker and is currently being shown around by his old classmate and friend, Greg Lestrade.
“You always become hard so easily~” He whispers and Sherlock’s smile turns into a glare. “Oh just shut up.” He says as he pulls John down for another kiss. John can feel Sherlock slowly grinding against him and he starts to copy the action. Soon the room is filled with heavy breathing and sometimes a low groan.
“The company really. I don’t like being alone. Never have. Of course you can’t live there for free forever. You get 2 weeks to find a job, pay along and save up to make a start on your own."
Just when he takes a sip Sherlock walks in, completely nude. Water dripping all over the floor. John almost spits out his tea and looks the other way. “Sherlock! Clothes!” The man doesn’t respond and walked over to John.
John looks down at his own plate. “Well you’ll learn fast if you get punished whenever you make a mistake..”
Sherlock grabs him by hip, pulling him closer against him. “Why don’t you just think about it for a while~?” He whispers in John’s ear before wrapping his arm around him and nestling his head above Johns. John closes his eyes. He takes a deep breath and all he can smell was Sherlock. And a faint scent of fish. John chuckles, puts his arm around Sherlock’s waist and falls asleep again.
“It’s to dangerous.” He simply said and Jim shakes his head, putting on a smile. “Don’t worry about that. We’re together. Nothing will happen.” Sebastian gave in and walked along with Jim. They climbed on the rocks and carefully made their way towards the water. Jim kneels down and looks at the waves with a smile while Sebastian just keeps standing behind him, keeping an eye on the younger boy.
Sherlock grabs his cup and takes a sip of tea. “I know what I’m doing. I need to talk to him.” John stares at him for a while before he sighs. “Okay fine. But you stay with me!” Sherlock nods once again and walks over to the living room.
“Okay.” Kevin says as he picks up the grocery bags. “Molly is staying at a friends so you can sleep in her bed.” He takes the bags to the kitchen without making further eye contact.
I'm back! Holy shit it took me quite a while to upload a new chapter on this story... I'm sorry for that! but I lost a big part of it long ago and never had the energy to write it again. But now I found it! So updates might be a bit slow since I'm also busy with some other things but it's good to be back on this one!
They arrive at the park and Sherlock seems to know where he has to go. He immediately walks over to the building with the manager’s office. John follows him. They walk into the building and even here Sherlock seems to know the way. When they arrive at the managers office Sherlock doesn’t even knock, he barges right in.
The creature grabs him by his uniform and drags him in. John manages to take a deep breath before they went underwater. He closes his eyes and he can feel two strong hands, at least they feel life hands, push him down until his back hits the bottom. He waits for something to cut him, slice him, bite him, hurt him.
Time goes by fast. John became manager of the cafe. He still lives with his mother. Mostly for Thomas. His mother has become ill so she can’t work anymore. John works from Monday till Saturday, he picks up Thomas from school after work, does groceries and cooks dinner for them. His mother keeps the house clean when John and Thomas are both away and when she’s feeling good she’ll good dinner instead of John.
Not much later they are walking through the streets of London. Winter has arrived and John has to buy Sherlock a scarf because he keeps complaining how cold it is. Not much later it starts to snow and John decides it is about time they have some dinner. He tries to make sure Sherlock eats properly. Usually he gets so sucked into John’s laptop that he forgets to do anything at all. Since John works all day he can’t keep an eye on Sherlock all the time, but he tries to make sure the man has dinner every day.
John smiles, even in his texts Sherlock sounds so mature. John starts getting dressed for work and just hopes the week passes fast.
“A coffee.” Kevin says, not looking John in the eyes. “And a tea for me please.” Molly adds with a smile. John just walks away and starts preparing the order when Molly walks up to the counter. “John..?” She asks and John turns around.
It takes a couple of minutes but he finally sees movement. He quickly gets back, leaning against the railing and as far away from the water as he can. It isn't like the last time. The creature doesn’t come up to him with full speed. Instead, he lazily swims up to John, popping his head out of the water and leans on the edge. They stare at one other for a while. The creature looks tired, as if it just woke up.
John was wondering if he was cold? Or perhaps he was cold blooded like most sea creatures. His touch didn’t felt that cold when he had dragged him into the water. But that could’ve been because the water was rather warm. Sherlock sits down on the chair across from John and was reading the book. John leans a bit to the side to read the cover. ‘Mystical Creatures’ John read and he giggles. Sherlock looks up from the book, but quickly continues reading again.
“O-oh, I think you’re right…?” John slowly says. He did indeed have forgotten to put the fish in the fridge.
Just when Sherlock wants to bring them back to the surface a piece of stone breaks off the ceiling on Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock lets go of John, who quickly holds on to the side, and holds his shoulder. Sherlock comes up not much later and John looks at him worried.
John walks up to the reservoir and looks inside. Aside from the stone there are just some water plants. He walks to the side where there is a steel staircase placed against the side. He slowly climbs all the way up and looks in the water. John thought he saw something moving and leans forward a bit more. His face is almost touching the water until suddenly something big swims from the stone towards him. The creature stops right in front of John’s face and John almost falls down the ladder.
“It does’t look that way. I just want to help John.” Kevin tries but John just stands up and walks to the front door. When he gets outside he walks over to Sherlock who’s sitting on the ground against the wall, cigaret between his lips. John sits down next to him and Sherlock leans against him.
John clears his throat and Sherlock looks up. “I got a two days off next weekend.” He says and Sherlock puts down the book. “We could go to the sea if you like.”
He holds them still again so Sherlock can adjust and John slides his other hand over Sherlock’s stomach.
“Good evening chaps! Can I get you anything?” John picks up the menu. “We still have to take a look.” he gives the man a sweet smile and the man smiles back. “I’ll come back later then! Oh and I will get a candle for you and your date, much more romantic.” John looks at Sherlock and then back at the man. “That would be lovely yes, thank you!” The man practically skips away to get them a candle. Sherlock stares outside to the snow that’s slowly falling down on the pavement. John reads the menu in silence. The guy comes back and places a candle in the middle of their table. John orders for both of them since Sherlock is not a picky eater. Their food comes not long after and John starts eating but Sherlock just keeps starring out of the window.
John eventually breaks the sloppy kiss and Sherlock looks at him with big eyes. “I’ll be right back” John says in a rusty voice as he unwraps Sherlocks legs and walks over the the bedroom.
John looks at him surprised. Trying to think back about what exactly he did yesterday. He remembers cutting and cleaning the fish. He remembers putting them in the right bucket and cleaning up.
Mycroft doesn’t seems bothered by Sherlock’s anger. He still has the same emotionless expression on his face. While Sherlock is calming down Mycroft sits upright. “I don’t know what happened to them. Maybe they went somewhere safe, maybe he got them as well. I don’t know and there is not much I can do about it brother dear.”
“Wait here.” He says to Sherlock before he walks towards the sounds. He finds a police officer laying on the ground. John quickly makes his way over to him and kneels down. There's a small stream of blood on his head. Something must’ve fallen down on him. John helps him up and puts an arms around him for support. They stumble back to Sherlock and John gives him the man’s phone. “Get us a cab.” He says and Sherlock nods, putting his attention to the phone while managing to walk outside without tripping.
“I guessed you were looking for the internet?” John asks and Sherlock nods as he starts typing. He simply types in ‘Merman’. A lot of sites about fictional and mythical creatures pop up and some pictures of drawings with, what people that were, merman. Sherlock just shakes his head and types ‘London’ behind it. Some fake articles now appear about people who thought they have seen mermaids in the Thames. Sherlock clicks on some of the articles and read them quickly. Even before John was halfway Sherlock already clicks them away. It went on like this for a while until the doorbell rings.
“I can understand that. But it’s not going to stop him. He found someone else and after he has run away I’m pretty sure he’ll find another kid.”
“Are you sure?” Sherlock asks and John nods once again. Sherlock squeezes John’s hand. “Then we’re leaving tomorrow morning."
“Oh before I forget. I’ll leave a note on the table for you tomorrow. On it will be a code for the small safe that’s standing outside the door. It contains a spare key. Use it to open the door and just put it back for the next person.” John nods and continues eating.
“You know, this is not making me any warmer.” John says and Sherlock smiles. “You just have to try a little harder.” Sherlock says as he wraps his long legs around John’s waist, pulling him closer. John smirks when he could feel the growing bulge between Sherlock’s legs.
“You wanted me to leave because I was involved with Sherlock and so, according to you, a ‘threat’ to the other kids."
John makes them both a plate and they eat in silence. To John’s surprise Sherlock doesn't only eat the fried shrimps and tuna, but the rice as well.
He sighs in relief when he hears the ‘click’ sound of the lock unlocking and he opens the door, getting in and closing it behind him. He looks around the room and noticed one camera in the back left corner. The camera hasn’t seen him yet so he carefully walks up to it and pulls out one of the cables. The little light turns off and John makes his way to the desk. He carefully looks through the drawings, making sure he doesn’t move too many things. He finds nothing that fit the description the creature has given him. He sighs and turns around. There is a big open closet standing right behind the desk. Then, in the right corner of his eye, he sees something. There is a faint blue light coming from behind one of the photo frames.
It is finally weekend. John and Sherlock get up early and take the bus to the station. From there they take the train to the seaside of England. They will be in the train for a while and John slowly starts to doze off. Sherlock is just looking out of the window at everything that was flashing by when John starts to lean against him. He doesn’t move and lets John do as he likes, not bothered by the mans weight.
John walks over to the couch and sits down. “Sorry, my phone was turned off.” He doesn’t look Kevin in the eyes. Kevin sits down next to him.
The next day John has to go back to work. Halfway through his day someone walks up to him, saying the manager wants to see him. John swallows and makes his way towards the office. When he arrives there he gives a soft knock before entering.
John is surprised when he sees Sherlock is taking off his clothes. “What the bloody hell are you doing?!” John says loudly but Sherlock ignores him. “You’re going to catch a cold like this!” Sherlock just continues and when he was just wearing his pants he walks towards the sea. John stands there for a while, looking surprised, before walking after him. Just when Sherlocks feet touch the water John grabs him by the wrist. Sherlock turns around and notices John was looking scared.
“Morning.” John says as he puts up some water for tea. “You’re up early.” He makes two cups of tea and hands one to Sherlock.
“JESUS CHRI-“ He almost screams as he gets up. Sherlock was lying next to him, just mere inches away from John. The other man opens his eyes as well and leans on his shoulder.
“Uhm i can order take away with some fish in it?” He says and Sherlock thinks about it before he nods and goes back to the book. John grabs his laptop and starts typing in the website for the Thai a couple of blocks away.
When John wakes up he noticed that Sherlock was gone. He yawns and gets out of bed, making his way to the living room where he expects the boy to be. But he’s not. John looks in the girls room and Sherlock’s things are all gone. John feels a sadness flowing through his body and he shakes it off quickly. Sherlock told him he was leaving in the morning. And besides, John has his number. He grabs his wallet from his nightstand and takes the number out, smiling at it. He then takes his phone and saves it in his contacts before sending Sherlock a text.
“But still, it’s wrong, illegal and just straight out disgusting.” John says and Sherlock just simply waves it off, walking down the stairs.
John pushes Sherlock back and sits upright but Sherlock still stays on his lap. “It’s a three years difference Sherlock. You’re still underaged. We should wait till you’re at least eighteen.” John says and Sherlock just looks at him before he steps out of bed, making his way to the door. John wants to stop him but he’s already out of the room. John sighs and lets himself fall back down. He stares at the ceiling for a while and then turns on his side. He finds Sherlock’s shirt next to him and gets out of bed. He takes the shirt with him to Sherlock’s room and softly nocks before he opens the door.
“I’m here! So why don’t you show yourself?” Sherlock says loudly. It is quiet for a while and just when John wants to say something a door in the back opens. A man in a neat suit appears and walks up to them.
“Back so soon?” The man asks and Sherlock just nods. A cold wind blows through the alley and Sherlock puts his hands in his pockets.
“I have one question though…” Sherlock says and he gets closer to John. John looks at him curious and Sherlock whispers. “Can I kiss you?” John’s cheeks became bright red and he doesn’t move. Sherlock stares him in the eyes and John slowly leans forward. “I take that as a yes then.” Sherlock says with a smile and closes the distance between them and presses his lips against John’s. The kiss seems to be forever. John just closes his eyes and let’s Sherlock take the lead. Eventually they break away and lock eyes again. John grins widely.
“You’re so beautiful.” John says while softly panting and Sherlock cups his face. “Probably not as beautiful as what I am witnessing right now~” Sherlock smirks and John can’t help but chuckle. He kisses the taller man deeply again and starts picking up the pace. The kiss ends up in moans and gasps and they hold onto one other tightly.
Kevin types something on his laptop. “Well John, How old are you?” John looks over at the laptop. “Are you writing this all down?” He asks and Kevin nods. “A lot of people come and go here. I like to keep track of who was here and for how long.”
Sherlock is sitting in the middle of his bed, legs pulled up and a laptop in front of him. Shinning a faint light all over him. Sherlock’s eyes flick up for a second but then focus back on the laptop. John walks in, holding up the shirt. “You forgot this.” He says and hands it to the boy. Sherlock takes it and throws it aside. John looks at him a while and then sighs. “Look I didn’t mean to anger you or anything. I just rather wait a bit.” He says and Sherlock looks up at him in silence. Then he closes the laptop and puts it away so John can take place on the bed. Sherlock, who is still sitting all curled up, just looks at John. There is a somewhat awkward silence and John wants to break it but Sherlock was faster.
John frowns. “Excuse me?” He asks and Sherlock says it again. “I’m sorry. For disappearing and everything that has happened. I know I can never fully make it up with you but I want to try. Could I come over later please?” Sherlock asks and John sighs. “You can come after 11PM. Everyone should be gone by then.” Sherlock nods and once again holds out the present for John. This time John takes it. “It’s not much but I hope you like it.” Sherlock says and with a short goodbye he turns around and walks away. John looks at him till he’s completely out of sight and then returns back inside. He places the gift on the cabinet before returning back inside.
“You wanted to see me Mr. Holmes?” John asks and the man nods, gesturing at the chair on the other side of the desk.
They are photos of his old home. Through the window you can see his father standing in the living room. The next photo is zoomed in on the window and you can now see a kid standing in front of his father. A young boy. The next one is zoomed in on the boy and you could clearly see bruises and cuts on the young boy’s arm and neck. John holds his breath once again when he looks at the next photo. His father is hitting the boy. John quickly puts them all upside down and takes a deep breath. He feels like he’s gonna get sick.
John wants to say something else but he got interrupted by the sound of the front doors slamming shut. Everyone stays quiet and a men’s voice suddenly ego’s through the building.
“I am.” Sherlock says. “Oh.” John lets his hand with the note rest in his lap. Sherlock looks curious at John. “Don’t you want me to?”
Not much later John and Sherlock are sitting in a cab on their way home. The ride back was as quiet as the one to his old home. John glanced over at Sherlock who was looking out of the window.
"Is there anything I can do?" He asks and John shakes his head. "I'm good mate, you can head home." Greg smiles and waves John goodbye.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “You were staring at the necklace and obviously thinking. Before you were really fascinated by the transformation. You have also shown a lot of interest in me, well in my race at least. And it’s a question a lot of people ask so it wasn’t that hard.”
John can’t believe it. He just walks off like this. No 'thank you', nothing. But he doesn’t want him to go. He wants to spend more time with Sherlock. He likes him. He likes talking to him because he was so bloody interesting and smart. He can teach John things. Things about his kind, about the ocean, about the creatures that live there. John clenches his fist.
John wakes up. His head is pounding even more than before. He groans, placing his arm over his eyes to block off the light. He rolls to his side, back towards the window and opens his eyes. Next to him lays Sherlock, sleeping. John smiles. But his smile soon disappears when he noticed Sherlock is wearing nothing. The duvet pulled over his waist, but the rest of his skin is visible. Just then John noticed he is also wearing nothing. He gets out of bed, his head protests, and he grabs the most nearby pants he can find and puts it on.
When he comes back with a bottle of lube, some condoms and a cloth he freezes in the doorframe. Sherlock is still laying where he left him, but he’s slowly palming his erection while looking at the fire. It is an amazing sight that sends electric shocks through John’s whole body. Sherlock’s skin was almost lighting up, a faint blush paints across his cheeks and his mouth is just slightly open.
“Where have you been?!” John says as he walks up to Sherlock who looks up from his phone. “I had some things to do.” Sherlock answers calmly. “And then you can’t even text me back to let me know you’re okay?” Sherlock puts his phone back in his pocket and looks John in the eyes. “I have something to discuss with you.” And with that Sherlock wants to walk away. But John won’t let him. He grabs Sherlock’s wrist and pulls him back to face him. He presses him against the wall and gives him a kiss. John could feel Sherlock relax underneath him and he lets go of his wrist, bringing his hand up to Sherlock’s cheek.
Sherlock groans softly and John looks up confused. “What?” He asks as he steps further into the room. “Brother…?” He looks from one man to the other and back. Sherlock sighs and turns back to John.
“I might have changed something~” Sherlock answers in the same soft voice. “Do you regret it?” Sherlock’s smile disappears.
“Keep the change.” He says with a smile. The boy thanks him and quickly walks away. John grabs some plates and cutlery from the kitchen and brings it back to the living room together with the food. Sherlock was still staring at the laptop. When he still didn’t respond after John had put everything down, he grabs the laptop from Sherlock and puts it on the other table. Sherlock protest but then noticed the food on the table and he went quiet.
He wakes up the next morning and turns around. The boy is gone. He gets out of bed and makes his way over to the living room where he found the boy hanging on the couch, looking at his phone.
John just stares back into Sherlock’s eyes and there’s a long silence. They only thing you could hear is the water splashing and the calm breathing of them both. Sherlock then leans in and kisses John. Soft at first, just their lips touching, but more deeply after that. He pushes John till his back hits the wall and starts kissing his neck now. John hums in pleasure as Sherlock makes his way down. Sherlock gently strokes up and down John’s chest while sucking a hickey in his neck. John closes his eyes and let’s the men do to him whatever he wants. Sherlock slowly makes his way down but suddenly stops. John opens his eyes again and looks at Sherlock who has his gaze fixed on the door.
Sherlock slowly strokes up and down John’s torso. His head rests on John’s shoulder as he whispers, “You smell like fish.” John groans. “I know, it’s bloody disgusting. No offence.”
Holy shit i updated.. that took forever. I'm in my exam year so it'll take me some time to get back to this sorry :,)
Sherlock’s shoulder isn't in a bad condition but he needs to take it easy. John feels relieved and they make their way back home. Sherlock still has the man's phone and starts calling his brother. John looks out of the window while the Sherlock speaks to his brother in a, surprisingly, calm voice. He doesn’t really pay attention.
Sherlock lets his hand fall down the side of the bath and John grabs it, holding on tightly. They sit like this for a long time. Someone knocks on the door but John ignores it. He has closed his eyes and all he wants to focus on right now was Sherlock’s hand in his. He is breathing slowly and as he did he can smell the sea. He opens his eyes when he hears someone gasp. A maid is standing in the doorway, looking at them while holding Sherlock’s clothes. She puts the clothes down next to the sink and quickly turns around.
“Well yes. It might. But-“ John gets interrupted by Sherlock who leans down to kiss him on the lips. John freezes. Not reacting at the men’s lips touching his own. Sherlock leans in further, pressing his lips against John's harder and he opens his mouth. His tongue licks John’s bottom lip. John opens his mouth without thinking and Sherlock deepens the kiss quickly, exploring John’s mouth and sliding past his tongue. John has closed his eyes and reaches out to grab Sherlock’s shirt, pulling him closer. John can feel him grin in the kiss and he pushes him away.
“John?” Sherlock says and John looks at him again. “Did you really thought he was going to stop when you left?” Sherlock sounds so serious. As if he was talking about this like when you’re talking about the weather. John shrugs. “I don’t know. I was just glad I was finally gone.”
John puts his head in his head but Sherlock grabs one of his hands. “No John, look at me.” And John does. “I can help you stop him. Make sure he doesn’t hurt any other kids. But I need, no I want, your permission.” Sherlock looks him in the eyes and John slightly nods. “So I have your permission?” Sherlock asks to make sure and John clears his throat. “Yea, but I want to come along…"
Greg points at them one by one. "This is Echo, Delta and Sonar. The other dolphins are currently outside.”, He says. John nods and kneels down next to the dolphins. He slowly reaches out to pet them. Greg puts down a bucket with some fish next to him and John grabs one, holds it in front of Delta who opens her mouth. He lets it slide in her mouth and she gulps it down immediately. Greg feeds the other two and John gets up again.
John pulls his jacket tighter around him. He looks up at the people passing by. Some of them look at him with pity in their eyes, some just glared but most of them just ignore him. A kind looking woman throws some coins in the cup thats placed before John’s feet and he thanks her.
“Hello boys~” The man says with a grin on his face. John can see Sherlock tense up a bit. This must be the right guy.
“Did he say anything else?” Kevin asks and John hesitates if he should tell him. Sherlock had asked him not to. “Well, he talked to someone about money."
“Do you want me?” Sherlock asks and John scoffs. Want him? What kind of question was that? Of course the man is attractive, John must give him that. But John is not gay. There is no way John can enjoy touching this man. Sliding his hands over his pale body, feeling every inch of it. Neither can he enjoy kissing him. His own lips against Sherlock’s perfectly formed lips. Sliding his tongue in the man’s mouth and explore the inside of his mo-
Once they reach the surface John coughs. The creature grabs John's wrists and pins him against the side of the reservoir, his tail wraps tightly around John's legs. John looks it in the eyes again.
“Oh thats a shame. Well maybe I’ll see you another time then.” Greg says and he waves Sherlock goodbye before walking back to the others. There is an awkward silence till Sherlock says. “I’m sorry."
John smiles and reaches out to touch Sherlock. He slides his hand over the boy’s chest. It’s so soft, so innocent looking, so young…. Wait...
He had barely slept last night. Memories kept flashing before his eyes and he has thrown up twice. Sherlock has been right next to him all the time, petting his back and holding him close. Sherlock has got them a cab and here they are, on their way to John’s old home. He never expected to go back there. He never wanted to.
It soon became Saturday and John’s mother has taken Thomas out for dinner so John and his friends can watch a movie. Greg and Irene are discussing whether they should watch a Marvel movie or Mean Girls when the doorbell rang.
“Everything alright?” John asks and Sherlock nods. “Fine.” Sherlock opens the laptop, clicks a couple of times before he closes it again and places it back on the table. He walks to the bedroom and comes back all dressed. “Can you say nothing to Kevin about anything you just heard?” Sherlock asks while he grabs his stuff together. John looks up confused but nods. “Y-yea sure.”
He walks over to the changing room. They always keep some spare clothes for interns or if someone forget theirs. He guesses Sherlock size and walks back with the clothes. When he gets back, picking a lock for the third time in two days (god he felt like a criminal), he sees his jacket lying on the ground underneath the stairs. He slowly walks up to the reservoir and sees Sherlock in the water. Lying on his back and just floating around. John walks up the stairs and Sherlock opens his eyes and turns his head towards him.
John closes his eyes when the bright blue light fills the room. When he opens them again the long tail was replaced for two long, pale legs. John steps in the bathtub, wanting to face Sherlock. However Sherlock doesn’t seem to agree with that and turns John around, pulling him down between his legs. He wraps his arms around John’s middle, letting him rest against his chest. John was a bit uncomfortable at first but he soon starts to relax.
“Sort of yea.” John simply says and he leans against the doorframe. “But he has to leave again. He was just stopping by. Right?” He looks over to Sherlock who just nods.
"Fine, fine!" John says quickly when his feet start to tingle. "I'll help you!" The pressure around his legs lessens and his blood starts to stream again.
“Friend of yours John?” Greg asks as he holds out his hand to Sherlock. “I’m Greg.” He says with a smile. Sherlock shakes it and introduces himself.
When the boy closes the fridge he turns around and looks at John. They stare at one other for a while before the boy walks past him, shoving John aside. John stands there confused and then makes his way back to bed. He freezes in the doorframe when he sees the boy undressing in his room. He takes off everything except for his pants and a shirt and gets into the left side of the bed John was just sleeping in. John blinks a couple of times and the boy gets up, leaning on his elbow and he looks in John’s direction.
When Sherlock slides his hand in John’s trouser John suddenly breaks the kiss and grabs Sherlock’s hand. “W-wait…” John says and Sherlock frowns. “What’s the matter?” He asks and he sits upright. John leans on his elbows and bites his lip. “I… I’m just not in the mood right now.”
They went for lunch and John and his mother had some time to catch while Thomas kept Sherlock busy. John and his mother laughed at the sight of the boy dragging Sherlock from one place to another. His mother has offered John to come live with him again but John wasn’t sure. He likes living with Kevin. His mother told him that it was okay, and that he is always welcome.
Sherlock chuckles. “You worry a lot don’t you?” He looks up to face John who starts to smile. “I can’t help it.” John replies. Sherlock puts his hand behind John’s head and pulls him down. “I know what I’m doing.” He whispers before kissing John. John closes his eyes and kisses Sherlock back. He tastes slightly like cigarets but for some reason John likes it.
John pulls back. “Sherlock I’m sorry. A lot has happened today and I’m really tired.” Sherlock keeps tugging at his arm. “I know, but the water is nice and warm. You’ll like it~” He says and something in his voice pulls John over the edge. He starts taking of his trousers and pants. “Fine but you gotta change. My bathtub is not that big.”
"Why would I do that?" John asks, his voice controlled. His hearth is beating fast and he is pretty sure the creature can hear it as well. He sucks in a deep breath, trying to calm himself even more.
John still sends Sherlock texts regularly even though he doesn’t respond. It has become a habit. Almost a journal actually. He sends him a messages if something has happened, good and bad. He sends him Merry Christmas messages and happy birthday, he got Sherlock’s birthday from Kevin. He keeps on sending them without knowing if someone reads them.
“You know, why don’t the four of us go get some lunch together. I think we deserve it!” John says and the boy’s tears disappear and he starts to smile. John smiles in return and looks over to Sherlock. “You’re coming along?” Sherlock looks away. “I don’t know.”
John holds his breath for a couple of seconds and tries to hold his calm. “Why?” He asks in the most calm voice he can put on right now. “I wanted to see your father.” Sherlock answers and before John could react he continues. “Don’t worry, I didn’t make contact with him. But I did notice this.” Sherlock grabs some papers from his backpack and hands them over to John.
John looks away. “Let’s just say my father and I didn’t really got along.” Kevin looks at him. “I get it… Well you’re here now.” He gives a small smile and John smiles as well. “You can stay in the third room. It’s currently free.” John nods. “Thank you.”
Sherlock opens his mouth to talk back again but John steps in-between them. “Guy’s please! You two sound like a pair of kids. Can’t we just…” John sighs and turns to Mycroft. “Do you know where all the other… merfolk are?” Mycroft shakes his head.
A week has passed and John finds himself at the address that was on the card the guy gave him some time ago. It is a normal looking apartment. Not too big neither small. John takes a deep breath and knocks on the door.
“I see. Well I’m 19.” John says and again Kevin types. “Okay so you’re not underaged anymore. You finished school?” John nods. “I waited till I finished my school."
The boy holds up the bag. “Uhm… Your order sir. That will be 18.95 then.” John takes the bag, placing it on the cabinet.
The man stares at him for a second too long before thanking John and telling him he could go. John gets up, wishes the man a good day and got out. He went to the first toilet he could find and locks the door. He leans against the wall, taking some deep breaths before grabbing his phone. He has given Sherlock an old phone he had lying around somewhere and taught him the basics. He quickly sends him a text.
“Why do you keep looking away? Does my body disgust you or something?” John turns his head back at him quickly and noticed Sherlock was close. Really close. Their faces are mere inches away from one other and Sherlock eyes flash every direction, as if studying John’s reaction. John crawls back a bit more and finds his back hitting the railing.
“John you should know that I don’t care about the age difference. I’ve done worse things then sex.” Sherlock starts and John gulps. John opens his mouth to say something but once again Sherlock was faster. He grabs the back of John’s head and pulls him in for a kiss. It was a slow and gentle kiss. John puts his hand around Sherlock middle and lays them both down on the bed so he’s hovering above the boy. Sherlock pulls up his leg and presses his knee against John’s crotch causing him to break the kiss and gasp. He looks down at Sherlock. “I’m sorry but I really don’t want to go any further for now.” Sherlock sighs and puts down his leg. “Fine…” John leans down and kisses him again. “Why don’t we go back to the other room hm? A bit more space."
“He still won’t text you back?” She asks and John shakes his head. Sherlock had left suddenly and without saying anything. He did that more often but never this long. And they haven’t even had the chance to talk about everything that has happened. The men Sherlock had called did clean up everything though. It is as if nothing ever happened. John sighs and puts his cup down.
“Try Chrome.” John simply says and Sherlock searches around the desktop until he clicks on the icon of Chrome. A window pops up with, in big bright colors, the word ‘Google’ is displayed.
The manager looks up. He seems surprised for a second but then his expression goes back to stone cold like always.
Without waiting for a response John slips out of the room, locking the door behind him so Sherlock can’t get out. This guy seems to be stubborn so John plays it save around him. Well as save as this situation can get at least.
Of course Sherlock bloody Holmes had to jump into the thames to go after a killer when it was almost winter. And of course he had to drag John with him. And since they were soaking wet non of the cabs would take them.
“Of course not! There must be a good reason for you to want to get out of there. So I won’t do or say anything that might get you back in.”
“I’m going home.” Sherlock says eventually. John’s hold around his wrist became tighter. “Are you coming back?” John asks and he lets out a shaky breath. Sherlock grabs his hand, releasing his own wrist. “I don’t know.” Sherlock lets go of John’s hand and walks in the water. John just keeps standing there, starring at Sherlock as he disappears more and more into the dark blue water.
John shivers. “I don’t like the sight of this…” he says as he follows Sherlock inside. The building was indeed abandoned. There was graffiti on the wall and here and there the walls have holes in them. They arrived at the pool area and it looks even worse then the rest of the building. The pool itself was still intact and filled with rain water that came from the giant hole in the roof. There was moss growing everywhere and it makes the floor a bit slippery. John looks around but theres no one to be seen.
The front door opens and Kevin walks outside. John doesn’t notice a thing but Sherlock opens his eyes and looks at the man who’s starring at them. Sherlock breaks the kiss louder then it should have and grins. He looks back at John and Kevin walks away.
John chuckles at how cheesy his own texts sound. He puts his phone back on the nightstand and walks over the bathroom to take a shower.
“I miss you” Is the message that pops on Sherlock’s phone screen. Sherlock looks over to his phone with hazy eyes. A girl with long blond hair picks up his phone and looks at it.
“Sherlock.” John says to get the boys attention. “About what happened…” Flashes of his father appeared in his mind. Old and New ones. He bites his lip and looks the younger one in the eyes.
Apparently John progresses everything a little too slow for the creature because he can feel the pressure around his legs and wrists increase. The tip of the sharp nails dig into the flesh of John's wrist and he can swear he feels blood drip out.
He opens his eyes and above him is a man. Well not really a man. The creature has the appearance of a pale man with black wavy hair and piercing ice blue eyes. But he has big fin-like ears and deep gills in his neck. John has to stop himself from gasping because this creature is gorgeous.
It soon becomes evening and John cleans up the, now cold, plates of spaghetti, takes a shower and lays down in his bed. He couldn’t actually sleep. He just turns around in his bed and looks at the clock from time to time. The first time he looks its 9 PM. Then 10, 11.30 and eventually 1 AM. John groans and turns off the clock. He turns around some more till suddenly his door opens. He looks up and sees Sherlock standing in the doorframe. John leans on his elbows and smiles as Sherlock slowly closes the door behind him and makes his ways over to John’s bed. John pulls away the covers as Sherlock crawls on the bed, on top of John.
“Why would you help me even more?” He asks when he was standing in front of him again. John puts on a smile. “I like you.” He simply says. Sherlock pulls up and eyebrow while John starts walking towards the station, Sherlock follows him on the foot.
“So say that Moriarty guy has them,” John says. He is more thinking out loud then talking to the brothers. “We have to get them out of there somehow.”
“I see..” John says and he starts thinking about what could have caused the boy to leave. maybe he went back home. Or he found some place else to stay. But then he would have told Kevin would he not?
“I wanted to get out of the bath when I cut myself on a sharp edge. I think you should fix that.” Sherlock says calmly. John grabs the right supplies and shakes his head. “Shit yea, i forgot to warn you about that sorry.” He lets the water run and pulls Sherlock’s hand underneath it. He doesn’t seem to respond at all. John then carefully dries it and grabs a bottle of antibiotics and puts a bit on a rag.
John takes off his own pants, who feel extremely tight by now, and strokes himself a couple of times before ripping open one of the condom packets. He rolls it on and grabs the lubricant. Just then he realizes Sherlock is now leaning on his elbows, looking at John with a soft smile on his face.
“I don’t have to go away anymore. And I made sure I own nobody anything.”  Sherlock says and John gives him a soft smile. “I’m glad to hear that. I still haven’t really forgiven you but i’m glad you’re back.” Sherlock starts to smile as well and he leans forward to John.
“Where is your car?” Sherlock asks, looking around the parking lot where just a few cars are standing.
“How about we get you into bed hm?” He asks, holding out his hand. Sherlock grabs it and steps out of the bathtub, water dripping everywhere. John grabs a towel and starts drying Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock just bows his head down so John can reach it easier but he says nothing. When John is done he gives the towel to Sherlock so he can dry off his body while John grabs his shirt and pants. He hands them over to Sherlock and starts dressing himself. When they are both done John grabs Sherlock’s hand and pulls him into the bed. He lays down behind him, pulling Sherlock closer. John doesn’t let himself fall asleep before he can hear that Sherlock’s breathing becomes slower and steadier. When John is sure the younger one is asleep he closes his eyes as well.
He arrives at the building where the manager’s office is placed. The whole building is dark except for the hallway where the janitor is cleaning. John walks in and makes a lame excuse that he forgot something in here. It doesn’t even seem like the janitor cared and he just continues working. John makes his way through the dark hallways and when he arrives at the manager’s office he finds it locked, of course.
“He really seems to miss you. Why don’t you text him back.” She asks. Sherlock pulls up his legs to make himself as small as possible.
“You’re still okay?” He asks when he sees Sherlock holding the blanket tightly. Sherlock opens his eyes and looks at John with a smile. “Never been better.” He answers, his voice all rusty. John leans forward carefully, trying to keep his fingers in place, and gives Sherlock an openmouthed kiss. Sherlock lets go of the mattress and grabs John’s hair instead, holding him down. John start’s moving his fingers in a scissoring motion and Sherlock moans in the kiss.
The cab stops and Sherlock almost jumps out of it. John pays the cabbie and follows him. Sherlock stops in front of a big, abandoned looking swimming pool. He looks down at the phone. “This is the place.”
After dinner they walk around the city some more. Sherlock seems to enjoy getting to know the streets of London. John lets him lead the way and they walk past places even John has never seen before. Sherlock stops in front of a pet store and looks at the fish swimming around in circles in the aquariums. He mumbles something about people being stupid for keeping such creatures in captivity. John takes his hand to Sherlock surprise and smiles. Sherlock doesn’t pull away and they walk home like this. When they walk inside Sherlock strips himself off his coat and shoes and makes way to the bathroom to fill the bath with water. John places the groceries, he has picked up on the way home, away and also makes his way too the bathroom. Sherlock is in just his pants, testing the water temperature and adjusting it slightly.
“Please tell me you’re going to do something for your birthday John!” Greg says. “You’re turning 21! you’re an adult then! A proper adult!”
“Jeez, what did you do?” He inspects the wound before dragging Sherlock to the kitchen and grabs the first aid kit.
John scratches the back of his head. “I don’t have one. I use public transport.” Sherlock gives him an ‘are you fucking serious’ look and groans. Then he walks away.
“You want something to drink?” John asks. Sherlock shakes his head and looks at him. “I just want to talk and get this over with.” John nods and sits down next to the boy.
But someone does. Sherlock reads every single message John sends. Sometimes it makes him smile and sometimes it makes him feel down. He thinks about sending a reply multiple times but he never does. He keeps on reading the never ending messages while he tries to get through the days.
A girl with long brown hair and a smile on her face opens the door. “You must be one of the new guys!” She says in a cheery voice and John just smiles at her. She steps aside to let John in. “Please come in. Kevin would like to see you.” John awkwardly walks in and looks around. He was standing in a slim hallway with on the right an opening towards what John suspect is the living room. On the left side are three doors and at the end of the hallway are two doors labeled ‘toilet’ and ‘bathroom’. John makes his way over to the living room. The room isn’t that big either. It has a rather large sofa, a tv, a small dresser and a diner table. The guy who gave him the card was sitting at the table, reading the newspaper. He looks up when John enters the room and smiles.
“Sherlock already got caught once, I simply wanted to keep him save.” Mycroft says and Sherlock crosses his arms. “I’m perfectly capable of doing that myself.”
John pulls himself on the side and gets up. Sherlock uses his tail to get on the side and transforms back. He’s wearing nothing at all and John takes off his jacket, putting it around Sherlock’s shoulders. He helps him up and they make their way to the exit. John keeps his eyes fixed on the ground, making sure Sherlock doesn’t step into any glass. They found some clothes laying around and Sherlock puts on a pair of trousers. They’re a bit too big for him but it will do till they’re home. They’re almost outside when John hears someone groaning.
“I Inherited most of them from my grandma. She loved reading.” John sits down, grabbing his cup of tea and he wraps his hands around it. The rain had cooled him down a bit too much and he starts to shiver. He looks over to Sherlock, who was looking through the book now. He had tied the bathrobe loosely around himself. Causing it to slide off his shoulder at one side.
Sherlock didn’t take his eyes off the books. “You got quite a collection here.” He says as he picks up one of the older books.
John can feel a tear rolling down his cheek and he quickly wipes it away. He puts the picture on his nightstand and the rest on his desk. Just when he is making his way downstairs someone knocks on the door. John opens it and Sherlock is standing there. He steps aside to let him in and Sherlock takes of his coat and shoes.
Kevin leans forward, leaning on the table. "Don't take it personally John. He has done it before. He comes, he takes what he wants and he leaves again."
He waits until everyone is gone and slips back into the room with the creature. He looks into the reservoir, but sees nothing. It is in the rock. He carefully walks up the stairs, keeping his eyes on the big, hollow rock. When he gets all the way to the top he is surprised that nothing happens. He kneels on the edge, splashing the water around a bit.
“Then don’t think about it.” Sherlock responds simply. John sighs and just walks in silence. They are careful, making sure no one sees Sherlock. John even pushed Sherlock in the closet when two trainers walked by (Sherlock wasn’t so pleased with that). When they finally got out of the park John sighs in relief.
Sherlock is the one who first deepens the kiss. He always was inpatient. John lowers his hand to Sherlock waist and pulls him closer. Sherlock puts his arms around John’s neck while the shorter man slowly puts Sherlock on the ground while hovering above him. The cover slides off them both and John shivers.
"You're going to help me." The creature suddenly speaks in a deep, smooth voice. John is a bit surprised that it can speak. He sees it is waiting for a response but John can't think of a single thing to say and the creature continues.
“So you finally decided to come back?” He says as he eyes to John for a moment. Sherlock walks over to the desk and leans on it.
Sherlock takes off his own clothes and gets in the bath even before it’s full. He lets himself slide down so his head is underwater and his legs hang over the edge of the bathtub. John smiles and makes his way over to the kitchen. It is already late and his stomach is starting to rumble. He fixes himself something to eat and he lets himself fall on the couch. He thought about making something for Sherlock as well but the man would be to distracted to eat. He just leaves Sherlock to the thinking and quietly eats his dinner before making his way to bed. He takes a look in the bathroom and can see Sherlock is still sitting in the bath. He has transformed in his other form and his tail is hanging over the side while he’s laying with his eyes closed.
“And?” John asks and Sherlock lets himself fall in the chair with a sigh. “He knows Mycroft and I are related.” Sherlock says and John almost spits out his tea. “What? How?”
John swings his backpack over his shoulder. “Actually I have to go to the manager. Discuss some things you know. Do you happen to know if he’s still in?”
John, who just wants to take a sip from his tea, freezes. The cup hovering in front of his mouth. He slowly lowers it. “Excuse me?”
The man looks at him for a while before shifting in his seat. “It’s an jewellery. One that has been passed on through the family.”
John looks confused. “Who? Moriarty?” Sherlock nods. “Mycroft gave him your number. So you mind if I hold this with me for a while?” He asks, holding up the phone.
John carefully shifts the frame and there it is! A beautiful sea blue stone that slightly glows. It is attached to a silk black necklace. John grabs it, stuffing it deep into his jacket pocket. He then places the photo frame back in place, plugs the cable back in the camera and carefully leaves the office, locking the door behind him.
A couple days went by and John has got himself a job in a cafe around the corner. It’s not much but it’s something to get him started. It is Monday and John has a day off. He is watching some tv when the front door opens and closes. Sherlock appears in the doorframe, soaking wet from the rain. “Want a towel?” John asks as he gets up.
Greg seems to think about that for a while. “Not sure… He is in on Sundays, but it can be that he has already gone home.”
“There are some things I like to explain to you but why don’t you have something to eat first.” He points at the kitchen which is at the end of the living room. “We just ordered Chinese and we have some left.” John’s stomach starts rumbling at the thought of Chinese alone. “Molly why don’t you show him what’s where hm?” The guy says and John follows the girl to the kitchen. She starts showing him where everything is and John makes himself a plate of Chinese.
He grabs a knife that he has taken from the kitchen and performs the same trick as he did with the door yesterday.
Sherlock shifts a bit. “I don’t look. I observe. I take all the prove I can find and I make conclusions. When I have eliminated the impossible, whatever remain, however improbable must be the truth.”
"Can't wait to get to know them better." He smiles and his eye fall on a door in the corner of the room. It has a big 'STAY OUT' sign on it.
“Wait…” John says as he pulls back his hand. “How old are you?” He never got the change to ask him. But like this Sherlock looks young.
John just stares at the house. There is nothing to be seen. The curtains of the living room are closed and theres no activities whatsoever in the kitchen. After 10 minutes John thinks about entering the house but he doesn’t. He thinks about what Sherlock said. After 15 minutes the cab driver seems to have finished his newspaper and is now trying to have a small talk with John. But he only responds with short answers and the cabbie gives up soon. After 20 minutes the front door finally opens and Sherlock appears, signing John to come in. John gets out without even saying goodbye to the cabbie and walks over to the house.
“I’m heading to bed. I got you some stuff here.” He said and Sherlock just hums in agreement while he keeps reading whatever was on the screen. John sighs and heads to bed. It doesn't take long for him to fall asleep, but something woke him up later that nigh, when most of London was sleeping. John can feel a presence in his room. One that wasn’t there when he went to sleep. He slowly opens his eyes and lets them get used to the dark room. He can see no one so he slowly turns around, pretending he is doing it in his sleep.
“I’ll contact you if I have more information.” He says and John nods before walking out of the room to catch up with Sherlock.
John shrugs. “If you say so. But now you’re here you can help me to make some dinner.” He says and makes his way over to the kitchen. Sherlock groans and lays down on the couch. “I’m not even hungry…” Sherlock complains and John looks at him. “You need to eat you know.” Sherlock lays upside down on the couch and looks at John with puppy dog eyes. “Could you make me some then~?” John could feel his stomach tinkle and he smiles. “Sure, but only this time.” Sherlock gave him a smile back and John quickly gets in the kitchen to hide his blush.
“I can’t wait to get home.” Greg says with a sigh while he puts on his shoes. “I’m going to order Chinese and just stay on the couch all evening.” He looks up at John, who is grabbing his stuff from his locker. “Hey why don’t you join me? You got no where to be right?”
Sherlock sighs. “The kind you don’t want to be involved with.” He says softly and he intertwines their fingers. John softly squeezes Sherlock’s hand, which was resting in his own. “Is there anything I can do to help?” He asks and Sherlock shakes his head. “I’ll figure it out.” He trows away the cigaret.
“I know how awful it is and I’m glad you told me.” He says and John looks confused. “You know…?” Sherlock places a hand on John’s knee. “I’ve did some bad things in my life and, even though i’ve never experienced it myself, i’ve seen it happen and didn’t do anything. I don’t want to do nothing now.”
John walks over to the door to open it. A young man was holding up a bag with a couple of white boxes in it. He was about to speak when he notices John was in his bathrobe. John realizes what is going on and he puts the robe around him tighter, giving the guy and awkward smile.
John cleans up a table in the corner of the cafe when the door opens. “Welcome!” He says but when he looks up his smile drops. Kevin and Molly are standing in the doorframe. Molly puts on a happy smile and waves at John but Kevin looks serious. They sit down at one of the table’s and John walks up to them.
Moriarty sighs, causing both Sherlock and John to look at him. “As much as I hate to end our little chat here, I have other important things to attend.” He snaps his fingers and the red dots disappear. John sighs in relieve but Sherlock still seems tensed. Moriarty turns around and walks out of the room. Sherlock wants to walk after him but stops when a soft ‘click’ sound comes from their left side. Sherlock looks over at the changing stalls and sees a grey block with several blinking lights underneath the door.
He hesitates and then makes his way over to the door. He slowly reaches out for the handle and pulls it down. Locked. Of course it’s locked. John walks back to the food room and grabs a knife before heading back to the door. He looks around again and once he was sure he is the only one here, he places the knife between the door and frame. He wiggles it around a bit until he eventually hears a soft 'click'. He slowly opens the door, slips inside and closes it behind him.
John kisses Sherlock’s neck and makes his way down till his navel. Then he sits upright and hooks his fingers around Sherlock’s pants, slowly pulling them off. Sherlock’s cock jumps against his belly. Precum leaking from the top. John looks up at Sherlock who has placed his arms above his head and was looking blankly at him. His chest was going up and down in a slow, steady rhythm. John touched just the tip with his index finger and Sherlock gasps softly. He then wraps his fingers around Sherlock’s length and starts stroking slowly. Sherlock closed his eyes and hums.
“But… If you’re his brother, why would you lock him up like that?!” John asks. This is all getting very confusing for him and he needs some answers.
“Did the boy just left?” John asks and Kevin nods. “He left some of his stuff behind. I stuffed it in the box in the corner for if he comes back.”
They finish the fish together and the day went by normal. It appears that Greg does not know what John had done the night before. And it’s best if he doesn’t know.
“John, I need you to promise me to not get mad.” He says seriously. John frowns and nods. “Sure, what is it?"
Since it is a Sunday there are no shows. The park is closed and there are just a few people around to take care of the animals. When the evening falls and John and Greg had prepare the fish for the next day together (and put it in the fridge this time) and they are making themselves ready to go home.
When John wakes up the next morning and he sees Sherlock is still awake. John rolls over to him and puts his arm around Sherlock. “Couldn’t sleep?” he asks and Sherlock looks at him. “Don't want to miss the phone call.”
There was a silence and John was the one who broke it. “Why did you leave…?” He asks and Sherlock shifts. “Like I said earlier this evening, there was some business I had to deal with. But it’s all done now."
He comes back later with two plates spaghetti. He places one in front of Sherlock who immediately got up. “It looks pretty good.” Sherlock says as he sits down on the floor next to the coffee table. “I had to cook quite a lot so I know what I’m doing.” John says, sitting down across from Sherlock.
Sherlock grabs a piece of paper and a pen from the table and writes down his phone number, giving it to John. “If you ever change your mind about that you can contact me.” John looks down at the number and then back up at Sherlock. “You make it sound as if you’re going to leave."
After he was done, he went to check his mail when Sherlock suddenly moves. John looks up and he could see Sherlock stare at his laptop.
“Well no! You’re actually really gorgeous!” Shit why does he say that! “It’s just, privacy you know.” Sherlock looks at him in silence and John starts to feel uncomfortable. “No I don’t know.” Sherlock then responds. “People never looked away from me. They just kept looking, no matter which form I’m in.”
Sherlock has made his way towards the living room (leaving his wet clothes exactly where he dumped them. So John could clean them up later) and was looking around. He was searching through the bookcase when John walked back in.
John feels himself getting sick at that last thought. He quickly thinks back about the question the man has asked him. Just so he doesn’t have to think about any of that.
“Oh you don’t really think I would have them here do you?” Moriarty puts his hands in his pockets.”No no, they’re safely tucked away."
Sherlock walks back down the stairs and now it’s his time to freeze. John is sitting on the ground with his head hanging. There is blood on his shirt and hands and the gun is laying in front of him. His father is with his head hanging to the side and a bullet hole right between his eyes.
The man looks over at Sherlock who took place on top of the table and then back to John. “Answer me!” John almost screams as he puts his fist in his fathers stomach. The man coughs a couple of time but still doesn’t answer. Sherlock grabs his backpack and unzips it. John looks over at him and sees he takes out a pair of gloves, a hammer, a pair of sharp looking scissors, a pocket knife and as last, a gun. A gun with a silencer attached to it. Sherlock looks at John with a serious expression on his face. John takes a deep breath and puts on the gloves. Just when he picks up the pocket knife there is a sound of the front door closing coming from upstairs.
Kevin looks confused at him and John crosses his arms. “Molly wants us to talk so go ahead.” John says. Kevin looks over at Molly before looking back at John.
“That’s Kevin’s.” John says and the boy roles his eyes. “Yes, thank for stating the obvious. Now could you please hand it over?” John hesitates at first but then grabs the laptop and hands it over to the boy. “Here you go.” John says. “I’m John by the way."
“It’s okay,” Sherlock murmurs. “Let me hear you~”. John shakes his head. Sherlock’s other hand made way up to John’s chin and he turns his head to the side. “Come one~ I love to hear your voice." John was looking at Sherlock with hazy eyes. Sherlock kisses him, his tongue invading John’s mouth. Meanwhile he starts to take up the pace, causing John to moan in the kiss. Sherlock breaks away with a grin when he sees that a flush starts to appear on John’s face. He starts pumping harder and then the orgasm hits John. He jerks up his hips and semen is spilled over Sherlock’s hand and his own belly. Sherlock washes it off as John was trying to steady his breath. When John’s breathing was back to normal they both get out of the bath. They dry themselves and make their way towards John’s bedroom. John didn’t had dinner, but he doesn’t care. He was tired and just wants to sleep. And that’s what he did. He lets himself fall on the bed. He rolled on his side as Sherlock pulls the duvet over them both. John quickly falls in a deep sleep as Sherlock watches him for a while before falling asleep as well.
John gets the man inside and makes up a story about an unstable building collapsing. Sherlock is still outside and John walks up to him. “We should get you checked as well.” He says. “I’m fine.” Sherlock replies while looking in the distance. John keeps looking at him till Sherlock finally looks his way. “Just a check up. Please.” He almost whispers and Sherlock sighs before walking inside the hospital. John smiles and follows him.
At one side John is relieved Sherlock came back. He wouldn't know what he will do without him. His life would be so boring again. Coming home to an empty house instead of Sherlock laying upside down on the couch while holding his laptop in front of him. He would have to sleep alone again, and to be fair he doesn’t think he can do that. His apartment would be so silent. But on the other side. All of Sherlock’s family and friends are gone. John does not know if they had died or were just gone. But Sherlock seems really upset. It must be horrible to lose the people you care about. John himself lost his mother. He remembers how horrible it felt. However he had the chance to say goodbye to her. To tell her all the things he wanted to tell her. Sherlock did not have that chance.
He puts his chin against his chest and looks the creature over. It's chest is as pale as his face and a pair of fins are sticking out the side of his torso. Around the navel his skin starts to change in a fish tail full of dark blue scales. John slowly looks back up and a bit of air escapes from his mouth. Just when that happens be realizes he is almost out of air. John starts to panic and tries to escape from the creatures touch, but it doesn't let go of him. Instead, he opens his mouth, revealing two long, sharp fangs, and he blows some bubbles in John's direction. John is confused, but opens his mouth anyway, catching the bit air that is blown his way. The air tastes fresh, almost minty.
So when they arrive at bakerstreet they’re not only wet but also extremely cold. John put on a nice warm fire while Sherlock is taking off his clothes. John does the same till they’re both in just their pants.
“Well Sherlock has been rather save with me as well. So I guess it wouldn’t hurt if he stays with me.” John says in defense and Mycroft looks him over before he pulls up an eyebrow.
His father is tied up to a chair in the middle of the basement. He’s wearing a blindfold, headphones and he has a cloth in his mouth. Sherlock walks over to him and turns to look at John. “You’re ready?” He asks and John nods. Sherlock removes the headphones and blindfold from John’s father and the man blinks a couple of time before locking his eyes with John. It was a long, silent stare until John walks up to his father fast and hits him on the cheek. The man was groaning and John pulls out the cloth.
“If I may ask sir, what has been stolen?” John has to know. He has to know if it was the amulet or Sherlock.
“No wait!” John says as he walks after Sherlock before freezing, remembering the red dots that are shinning on his body. “A-are you seriously going with him?” John’s gaze goes from the dots to Sherlock who turns around. Sherlock's face is blanc. He is showing no emotions at all.
John looks at him for a while before heading to bed. He’s tired. His muscles are aching from the cold and his ears still hurt from the explosion. He takes some aspirins and lays down. His eyes feel heavy and he soon falls asleep.
“The winter is coming up so it’ll be hard to live on the street. I can provide you a roof over your head and a bed to sleep in."
Jim turns around with a dark smile. “There are creatures in the water, creatures that can swallow you whole. Or that will rip you apart. Some will drown you first and others will devour you alive.”
John says goodbye and makes his way towards the manager’s office. He hopes the man is not in. He walks more slowly then usually, looking around at the animals that were peacefully swimming around. Every now and then he passes one of the caretakers. Every time someone says something to him or calls his name Johns throat tightens. He tries to act as calm as possible, saying everyone goodbye with a smile. however, he can’t shake the feeling that he looks guilty.
Sherlock breaks the kiss and goes for John’s neck. “You know.” He whispers while he slowly slides his heads underneath John’s shirt. “I’m no longer underaged now.” John starts to blush. “W-what?” he asks softly and Sherlock looks at him with a grin. “How about I give you a real present hm?” The boy says with a soft purr in his voice. John blinks a couple of times as Sherlock pulls his own shirt over his head. Sherlock leans back down to kiss him and starts unbuttoning John’s trousers.
“I was planning on meeting up with Moriarty.” Mycroft says and before John could ask who that was he continued. “He was the one who caught and sold Sherlock to me. I could ask him if he has more. However I won’t have the money to buy them all back.”
“We should get you some clothes. Mine don’t exactly fit you.” He looks at Sherlock who pulls up his legs and his ankles became visible. John stares at them for a bit too long and when he looks back up Sherlock was looking at him. John licks his lips without even realizing.
“You’re still here?” Kevin asks and Sherlock nods. “I’m staying for the night. I’ll leave in the morning.”
“My mom and Thomas are sleeping so we have to be quiet.” John says and Sherlock nods before making his way to the living room.
Sherlock lets out a chuckle and John can feel his cheek warm up again. Why are his cheeks getting warm? Yes the man was gorgeous, but he can also be very dangerous. John can be risking his life here talking to the guy. Also, he is not gay. John has never been with a man and he isn't planning to be.
“Lost your tongue or something?” The man asks, still with that smile on his face. John puts the coins in his pocket. “What do you want?"
“Morning…” John says a bit awkwardly. The boy murmurs something back that sounds like ‘good morning’ and John just makes his way over to the kitchen to make himself a cup of tea. When he walks back in he notices the note on the table and he reads it before placing it with his phone on the table.
Sherlock stares at John. As if looking if he is lying. As if he does not believe him. Then he suddenly gets out of the water. John crawls back to not get wet and before he knows it the man is standing in front of him. John looks up, but then quickly turns his head away, a blush starting to appear again. He grabs the towel from underneath the clothes and reaches it up. Sherlock takes it and starts to dry himself. Then he puts the towel on the railing and gets dressed. John does his best not to look, but he catches himself glancing a couple of times. One time Sherlock sees him and John quickly says sorry. Sherlock finishes getting dressed and kneels down.
“I’m leaving. I’m out, that’s all I needed you for.” He says, not turning around or stopping. “So I don’t need you anymore.”
The man holds up his hands in defense. “Just having a chat. Something wrong with that?” John glares at him. “Not many people just talk to a homeless guy.” The man’s smile still hasn’t left his face. “Well i do.” He says as he grabs a business card out of his pocket and hands it to John. John, curious as he is, takes the card and looks at it. A house for homeless kids? He looks back up at the guy.
Sixteen… That’s a lot younger then he had given the guy. Maybe it was because he is so tall? John sighs. “I see.” Then Sherlock suddenly leans forward, bringing his face close to John’s. “Is my age a problem to you?” John gives him a gentle smile. “No! Well… A bit actually. I’m nineteen you see…” He says and Sherlock raises an eyebrow. “So?"
“Yes it’s me.” Sherlock says and John eyes his direction. “You said you’ll give me the money today. Yes, yes you did! Look I need it okay! He needs it today and if I don’t have it he’ll k-“ Sherlock makes eye contact with John, then closes the laptop and walks over to the hallway to continue his conversation. John just sits there, looking towards the hallway. All he can hear is Sherlock’s soft but frustrated murmur. Not much later Sherlock walks back in.
‘Don’t open the door for anyone. Just stay inside and be quiet.’ He types and sends it. A couple of seconds later his phone starts vibrating and a reply pops up.
“Please…” Sherlock says while shivering and John walks to the bathroom to get him some towels. When he walks back Sherlock has already taken off all his clothes except for his pants. John slightly blushes and gives the boy the towels. Sherlock thanks him and dries his hair while walking into Kevin’s room. He comes back not much later wearing Kevin’s shirt and the towel hanging around his neck.
“Did you do something to him?” Sherlock bit his lip and she forms her lips in a small ‘o’. she pulls him closer. “Whatever it is he obviously forgave you by looking at the texts.”
Sherlock is quiet. It is clear he hadn’t thought much about what he would do after he got out. “You can stay with me if you want.” John then says and Sherlock looks towards him. “I don’t have much, but it’ll do. I got a bathtub and running water you can use.” Sherlock clearly hesitates then eventually walks back towards John.
“John, you did good.” Sherlock whispers as he takes the gloves off John’s hands and stuffs them in a plastic bag in his backpack. He puts a hand on John’s shoulder, he notices he is slightly shaking and Sherlock looks concerned. “John…?” he tries and John looks up slowly. “I… I killed him…” He whispers and Sherlock sits in front of him, taking his head in hands and forcing John to look him in the eyes. “It had to be done John. Just think of the kids you saved.”
