Cas sighed softly before he finally typed in his next message.
The back up singers moved closer and while Balthazar faced the audience, they began touching him, running their hands over his arms and chest as he sang as if his words were seducing them. Castiel was watching now, partially reminded of one of Balthazar's parties. Girls wanted him and he wanted them. And yes, often the night would end with everyone going home except the few that lingered behind for sex. Castiel was always gone before he was forced to think about that part.
Just then a hesitant voice came over the microphone. Dean realized he recognized him as the guy that was bartending. The mic whistled for a second and he took a step back raising his hands apologetically before trying again. “Uh, hi everyone. It’s Saturday night so we’re going to go ahead and get started. Um… If you don’t know, Saturday nights are reserved for the cast to perform songs they are working on for upcoming shows and to sing songs from past shows. But I just heard we’re getting a special treat from Meg who will be singing one of her songs as an audition. So maybe you’ll see her in an upcoming show.” Meg was waiting on stage for the announcement to be over so they could get started. A few people clapped in support and encouragement but her gaze into the crowd remained ice cold. Castiel wasn’t on the stage. He was standing close to the wall off to the side looking so nervous anyone would think it was him about to go on stage, not Meg.
At 6 o’clock Cas barges through the door in a panic thinking he’s running late because “Dean, I am
“It’s just... I’d thought it’d be much harder to convince you to bottom.” Castiel knows that’s not the best thing to say right now. It must sound – it
Before doing that, however, he needs to talk to his dad and see if he’s onboard. It’s his business after all.
Dean chuckles, happy to have gotten what he wanted, but gets to work right away, moving just enough to grab the lube he left on top of the bedside table. He starts prepping him while Cas is on his back and Dean is kneeling between his spread legs. He keeps caressing his knee and thigh and balls and cock and hip with his other hand, while Cas gets more and more desperate and starts pushing down against the fingers inside of him.
. Because Dean knows that, even if Cas was the hopelessly romantic type who is looking for his one true love to build a life and have a family and kids and a home and a cat and a dog with, the chances he might consider
“Yes, love, I am.”
the idea of being the one guest who visits the floor guests are not allowed to
“Yeah? You like being inside me?” Cas goads.
Truth be told, Dean has a thing for any kind of sex that allows him to see his husband’s tattoo, and he suspects Cas does too. Maybe that’s why Dean loves being on his knees in the shower, because Cas is naked and wet and Dean can keep his eyes on his husband’s rib cage while his cock slides down his throat. Maybe that’s why Cas always wants Dean on his back when they have time to make love on their bed, so he can push inside his husband and alternate between watching his cock being swallowed by Dean’s ass, kiss his lips, and kiss, suck and lick his left pectoral, just above his heart, where Dean’s tattoo is.
“Good morning, Samuel.” Sam looked up to see Cas staring at him intently. He tried to smile but he mostly looked like a hurt puppy dog and Cas couldn’t help himself and put his hand on his forearm for as a way of silent encouragement. Sam squirmed a little feeling guilty barely remembering that Cas had been there last night when Gabriel found him in the kitchen. He didn’t even remember what they talked about, if they talked at all. He gave a weak smile of thanks and Castiel removed his hand seconds before Dean came in the room.
Sabriel stuff.
“T'es mignon,” the boy mumbled to himself and it made Cas pause. He knew the basics of French but didn’t have a lot of time to practice conversationally. Not when his dad was also having him take Spanish and Italian lessons at home, since the only language course the parochial school taught was Latin. He frowned some, trying to decide if he should even say anything back at all.
He nodded and the corners of his mouth tugged into a smile that made his eyes crinkle in a way that Dean thought was cute. “Yeah… he is,” Cas agreed with another light laugh as he scratched his head some as if the thought were new. A beat passed before he added a little more somberly, “I… don’t always remember that. Sometimes I think that I’m the one that’s messed up and all the things he said about me are true. That’s why Gabe wants to make the contract.”
When Dean woke up, the sun was already pouring through the windows. He groaned, knowing he should have been up earlier. Usually he was doing perimeter checks and ordering people around as early as 5am.
“We’re going to get some Chinese food and take it over to the bar for Gabe. You want us to bring you back something?”
Dean turned his attention forward just as Gabriel descended a couple of steps that lead him from the stage directly into the audience. He hadn’t seen where Gabriel got the gold scarf but as he sang he wrapped it around Dean’s neck playfully. Dean leaned back with his hands up practically begging him to go somewhere else with his eyes but Gabe used the seat as a step and stood on his table.
"You tell that brother of yours hi for me. And that he should call more. It's summer time. Can't use homework as an excuse."
and still question his worth over something that wasn’t his fault made Cas rage and ache inside.
Though he hadn't planned on starting anything tonight... now that Dean knew there was cause for motive he easily gave into the temptation to get to know his angel better. He ignored his question completely and moved forward to the chains on the wall giving them a slight tug and making them rattle which should have definitely given the angel the hint that it was time to change out of what he arrived in. Angel blade pulled back out he tilted it toward himself beckoning the angel to come forward. "You are very obedient, aren't you Castiel?"  The way that his masters voice changed from casual to sensual made the angel fight not to sigh. Castiel's thoughts were confirmed when Dean added, "Let's say we get you out of those clothes and into something far less comfortable."  He pushed away the slight pang inside at the verification that the man didn't care about getting to know him, he had just been buttering him up for his true intentions which were clear in the way that he spoke now.
"Oh shit, Cas. I'm sorry." Gabe said and really sounded like it.
” The words came out like he was trying to convince himself more than his brother. He set the glass of water on the counter but stayed hunched over the sink unable to look his brother in the eyes again.
Sam rolled his eyes knowing his brother all to well. He was up to something. Dean wasn't the kind to reach out and show the new kids around. He only went to Home Ec regularly and that was for the food. If it wasn't that, woodshop or gym, who knew where in hell he was from eight o'clock to three o'clock. And here it was, lunch time, and Dean had his Chemistry book, ready to go to class after the bell.
"C'mon. You know you want to." A female voice said, followed by more giggling. Despite all the shit that was going down, people were still people. End of the world, living and breathing, horny people.
Cas was stunned as he listened to the Latin prayer begin, surprised that his brother would have something so intimate in a song. It reminded Castiel of the music that he used to enjoy writing before he became cut off and he realized that even though they didn’t talk about, Gabriel was a much deeper character than he realized. Before he could finish his thought completely, he saw movement to his right and looked over to see Dean Winchester standing at the edge of the crowd staring at him.
think or feel anything, but this particular night he was thinking about everything and sharing it outloud. Which also, as he remembered, helped send Cas over the edge and forced him to the dark place he was in for the past week. Perfectly demonstrating that he was poison. “Yeah...” he said without looking at him. He couldn’t bring himself to look up with so much guilt on his face. “...and I shouldn’t have done that either. You’re the one who said you don’t kiss casually and I should have never-”
Cas looked down at the empty bottle in his hand and let out a silent chuckle before looking over at Dean as he opened up the fridge, finishing off his own half-finished beer as he pulled a new one out of the fridge.  Cas swallowed hard, pulling his gaze away before Dean looked over and saw him staring.  He cleared his throat some, interrupting the conversation and set down the empty beer bottle in a way that was a bit more showy than natural as if saying,
Dean had played the night through his head more than a dozen times. He was drunk. He basically told Cas, already spiraling with the writings in his notebook and the fucked up shit his dad told him, that drinking was a good idea to solve problems. It absolutely was his fault...
“Fuck you, Gabriel. Are you fucking kidding me?” Peeking around the corner Dean saw Meg in black jeggings, a grey tank top and leather jacket with a look on her face that was pure fury.  “Are you fucking trying to force him to come out or what?”
“Hey,” Cas finally said when the car started rolling. In the side mirror he thought he saw the door to the bar open but when nobody emerged he figured it must have been his imagination.
The feeling of Cas’ lips covering his own made his eyes snap open with surprise. His heart, now going a mile a minute, left him feeling temporarily sober as the chaste, close-lipped kiss softly lingered there. The word
“Stay and read me a bedtime story?” Sam rolled his eyes. “Damn it, ‘m fine.” Dean pulled up the blanket more comfortably around himself feeling heavy and anchored to the couch.
He came full stop when he saw a display of colorful stones. He randomly picked up a black one up with white marks and turned it over under hit thumb before seeing there were title and description cards for each one. Snowflake Obsidian was the name of the one that he had picked up, and according to the card it offered some kind of spiritual protection and helped with transmutation.  He put it back no longer interested and looked over the cards.
“Alright, alright.” Sam said finally giving in.  “See you in the morning.”
“Anything else I can get for you?” Castiel jumped at the sound of her voice but Balthazar just released his friend and casually turned to her.
Castiel followed the handler back to the cage and stepped inside. Many of the captive angels fought their captors, but he gave that up long ago. He said nothing as the door was shut, just in time for the "festivities" to start. Castiel sighed silently and laid out over his cot, hands behind his head, as he allowed the humans to gawk at him.
?” The question was out of Dean’s mouth before he realized he was asking out loud. “I mean… she doesn’t seem to be his type.” Gabe shrugged a little. “I don’t get it much myself but they do say opposites attract.” The older Novak took another drink of his beer and looked over to the stage where the band was starting to get their instruments together for Meg’s audition. “I don’t know,” Gabe continued as he watched her, “Castiel was in rough shape when he got here. She was the one who pulled him out of his depression. Well, the worst of it anyway. Still working on the rest of it…”
The look in Cas’s eyes is so fierce, his steady tone brooking no argument, that Dean can only nod dumbly. Gosh, he loves his boyfriend so much.
“It’s Castiel,” he blurts out.
wants Cas to want to fuck Dean like Dean wants to be fucked by Cas. Once Dean allowed himself to admit and accept his bisexuality, it didn’t take him a lot of experimentation to realize he’s a bottom. Not that he minds topping every once in a while, that’s awesome too, but nothing really beats the feeling of a hard, warm and throbbing dick in his ass and of a big man on top of him, pressing him down on the mattress. Or the floor. Or the couch. Or against a wall. Or a table. Dean’s really not picky, he’s a laid back guy like that. Dean’s surprised into laughing at his own unintentional joke, and vows to use it as soon as the opportunity presents itself. Meaning,
Dean’s never scened with Cain again, while he still acts as Benny’s scening partner during the Shibari demonstrations he offers at their club from time to time. That’s something Castiel never really specialized in and that’s why Dean accepted to scene with Benny that second time, so he could explore a kink he was very intrigued by. He liked it quite a lot, and liked how it could send him into subspace without sex being involved. That’s why he’s agreed to keep subbing for Benny during his demonstrations every couple of months or so, which, in time, has also led to Dean and Benny becoming good friends even outside the club.
He really wasn’t lying. Dean Winchester
But then he replies, a fond smile tugging on his kiss-swollen lips. “I like being held down. Like to be... owned, completely.”
Upping his game a bit and making it crystal clear just how close they were might help too, so Dean threw his arm around Charlie’s shoulders as he said “Heya Cas, I’ll have the usual and a soy latte for my favorite redhead here, plus a slice of apple pie to share.”
Which is why Castiel couldn’t wait to go check what used to be his room in the bunker and see whether the mixtape was still there. The very idea that Dean might have trashed the room in his rage after Castiel had left made the angel shudder. He really hoped Dean hadn’t. But he would understand if he had. He was here to give them ‘one last try’, and see if Dean was amenable to do the same. Reproaching each other wasn’t the way. They had already demonstrated they were very good at that. This was the time to forgive –
, like the rest of you”.
Castiel doubted that.
His mom spends entire afternoons over the weekend teaching Cas the family recipes, so “Dean won’t start whining too much when he wants to eat one of those dishes and you two can’t come here”. Both Dean and Cas know that’s just an excuse. She is using teaching Cas to cook as a bonding strategy, same as she did with Dean when he and Sam were adopted. More than once, Dean has been treated to the view of his mum’s brimming eyes while Cas was telling her something when they were in the kitchen together, as he himself was nursing a beer in the living room with Dad. Mom has always been the mama bear kind with her children, without ever being overbearing and depraving them of their agency, but she’s become more and more protective of Cas the more she got to know him and spend time with him. No one dares say anything even remotely unkind to Cas, not even as a joke, anymore. Not unless they want Ellen to tear them a new one. Dean loves that. He almost can’t believe how happy it makes him to know that the two parents who have protected him and his siblings ever since he was ten, now have Cas’s back too.
Cas’s smile is the only reward Dean wants, and he’s elated when he gets it. But then Cas frowns and fixes his gaze on Dean’s chest rather than on his eyes.
easy, considering they now live together and it’s not like Dean can make stuff appear in their place and just hope Cas won’t notice.
?! Are you nuts!!??”), and was only too happy to deliver and use the opportunity to see how Dean would respond to some mild orgasm delay. Dean responded
>> I wish that too. So much. Can’t wait for tonight. I miss your dick in me.
Dean’s eyes darken a smidge. ”That can be arranged, Cas,” the infuriating man replies, a replica of what Castiel himself had told him in the garden not two days ago.
But then he starts considering all the elements he hasn’t listed in the ‘pros’ yet, and concludes that the place can get better –
“Hello, Dean.”
“Bend over and spread your cheeks for me, beautiful.”
No. Cas is just...being Cas – kind, sweet, polite, genuine, always ready to give others the benefit of the doubt and appreciate hard working people – and Samandriel is a kid with a huge crush who’s being a little slut and taking advantage of Cas’s good-hearted soul.
“I’m glad you agree. Because I think I know someone who might fill in the position.”
Until he remembers a beautifully vivid image of Dean’s back arching to allow Castiel’s cock to sheath itself as deep as humanly possible.
Castiel remained quiet but something in his expression changed at the question. Dean didn’t know what nerve he struck but he kept his eyes on the road the rest of the way to the house.  As he pulled in front of the house and killed the engine he waited a moment before finally saying, “I know shit's pretty fucked up for you right now… for whatever reason. But um, feel free to talk to me anytime. You know, as a friend or whatever.” He cringed inwardly at his own awkwardness and rubbed the back of his neck as he looked down at his lap unable to meet Cas’ eyes in the mirror as he spoke. He was going to say more but thought better of it as he pushed the door open and got out.  Cas sat in the car for a few more moments, eyes following Dean as he walked up to the driveway.  He wished he hadn’t said everything he did or better, just never got into Dean’s car to hide from Gabe. But after he disappeared into the house, Cas let out a breath he hadn’t realized he was holding. A soft smile touched his lips at the word
The human's request surprised Castiel and he blinked once before internally sighing.  "Yes, Master," he said evenly showing no sign of ill contempt at the command. Most humans would just order him to bend over, but at the end of the day they all seemed to be the same.  Violence and sex obsessed beings that used and took and abused anything they thought was lower than them.  Almost immediately he closed his eyes and allowed images to come to his mind, willing himself to get hard as he sat back on his ankles. He was always surprised when it worked fairly easily considering all the negative sexual experiences he had over the years in slavery and especially since he didn't have any way of willing himself hard they way he could if he had his angelic grace actively awake within himself instead of in its dormant state.  He would also never admit that the human in front of him was front and center in his mind as his length filled with blood. Despite being like the rest of them, he couldn't deny that the green eyed man was particularly gorgeous.
Less than a minute later the door opened and Gabriel, make up washed off and regular clothes on now, announced, "honey, I'm home!" loudly into the living room.  The three friends erupted into applause and Charlie got up and threw her arms around Gabe, congratulating him on a good show before doing the same thing to Cas who had a slight smile despite looking a little rigid under the girls arms, still dressed in the suit, blue tie, and trench coat he had on at the show.
“I fucked up. I said all the wrong things when I should have just kept my mouth shut and been there for him. He disappeared into the night. I thought he went back to your dads. I drove over in the morning as soon as I realized he was gone and got chased away again. I’m just thankful he came to you. I’m so sorry, Gabriel.”
Castiel bit his lip but couldn’t stop himself from asking. “And the flirting?” He cleared his throat nervously and looked away. “The kissing?”
Castiel let out a soft sigh, thankful that his new master had at least unbuckled the bindings connecting his thighs to his ankles before his abrupt parting. He stood up and moved to sit on the bed. The man wasn't exactly black and white in his expectations. Sex was clearly a priority, but he had no other idea of what was expected of him. Unless that's
Dean’s smile faltered. Gabriel easily moved past him and Balthazar followed without another objection behind him. Dean made a mocking face behind their backs and Sam snorted.
Finally, it happened. They had been "chained up," so to speak, for over a century. The feelings running through Cas were a mixture of amazing relief and excruciating at the same time as they unfurled from his back. Not a single feather was out of place.  The wings appeared and disappeared a couple of times, flickering a beautiful pearlescent white with hints of gray and gold smattering throughout. Dean took a step toward the wings innately wanting to reach out and touch even though he had been warned not to.  A second later the wings disappeared along with the agonizing sensation moving through the angel. When the cattle prod dropped, immediately Castiel's wings snapped back into place and he nearly hissed. Once they were sheathed, he turned back around, his eyes lightly shimmering with his grace as he looked at the possible buyer.
Sexy doesn’t even begin to cover it though. His boy clearly did what Castiel instructed, of course he did, and is wearing a pair of sexy orange panties, orange being Castiel’s favorite color when it comes to underwear for some reason, which trace the perfect V of his hips and barely cover his beautiful dick. He can’t see it from his spot on the couch with Dean facing him, but he’s sure that the panties are, in fact, a thong, and he can’t wait for his boy to turn around and confirm his suspicion. Castiel is also certain that Dean’s wearing a plug underneath that thong, just like his Sir told him to do. Dean can sometimes be a bit of brat during scenes, but his need to please prevents him from outright disobeying a direct order. Castiel also requested that he wear high heels, but left to him the choice of which shoes would make him feel more comfortable, considering he’s going to spend a lot of time on them. Dean’s opted for a black pair, open-toed and with strings going up in an intricate crisscross pattern around his calves and legs, and that’s enough to make Castiel’s cock start thickening in his slacks.
"Stop it."
“Has he said he’s not interested?”
“Thank you, Dean.” Castiel finally managed to say.  “I truly think you are a righteous man in the eyes of God. Can you pass the butter?” Cas picked up his bacon taking a more hearty bite this time as he started eating.  Dean’s smile faded as he moved the butter across the table. He supposed it could have been an innocent response to the compliment he gave the boy, but the word righteous gave him a chill as he remembered the all capital letters in the boys notebook only a line away from the one about disobedient sinners. He watched Cas finish his breakfast but found himself no longer hungry and able to eat his own.
Cas watched as Dean put the pie box down before moving off the bed to retrieve something from his bag. “I was going to give it to you when I leave, but I thought you could use it now.” He returned with a small brown bag and Cas tilted his head as it was handed to him. He put his hand into the bag as he looked incredulously at Dean.
Cas frowned again, the text catching him off guard. He looked over his shoulder checking for Gabe but his brother was still backstage. He returned his attention to his phone feeling his heart ache with a strange mixture of happiness that he had cared enough to ask and pure embarrassment that the biggest impression he had made on the older boy was that he needed to check in with him. He rolled his eyes completely annoyed with himself. He thought for a second before turning the camera on and lifting his phone for a selfie. He didn’t smile, but more looked at the camera to show him he was alive and okay. He sent one word with it. “
Surprised at his own behavior he began to move away only to have Dean’s grip tighten on him and pull him back in.  The Winchesters eyes closed as he let his head fall back to rest against the wall as Castiel, his best friend and a fucking angel of the Lord, continued to kiss away his tears.
Meg’s turn to roll her eyes. “Calm down. He was right behind me. He knows Balthazar is in town. I didn’t think it was right to spring it on him.”
He paused a second moving standing up straighter as he began fishing the phone out of his pocket. The once curious and interested smile now looked more amused as Dean faltered.
Gabe stopped and tilted his head as he looked at Dean. “What happened?”
"You look happier." Gabe said with a smile before shoving the sucker back in his mouth.
“It’s this cool little place I found. I mean… weird. But kind of cool.” Dean tried to explain.  It was weird because he wasn’t into new agey hoodoo voodoo anything.  But there was definitely something interesting about the little shop that he found with all the spells, sage, and spiritual mumbo jumbo.  He didn’t mention it to Sam or anything after finding it so it felt like something in the foreign city that was his own and something about that made him feel good. Even though he didn’t share it with his brother, he was kind of excited about sharing it with Cas now.
Gabe frowned some, finally looking up to meet her hard gaze. “You’re sure he’s not just letting loose?”
Now it was just after midnight, he was sitting alone and stressing about it, and his normal jot thoughts became lazy doodling in his notebook as he grew more tired ready to call it a night. His phone chimed and he dropped his pencil assuming Meg was finally returning his texts as she was more of a late owl. To his surprise Dean’s name next to
but quickly disappeared as headlights approached before turning into the driveway.
When it finally hit Dean he gasped before breathing the angels name one last broken time as the orgasm hit him like waves crashing "
“I’ve got you Dean.” Cas’ voice came out soothingly and Dean gasped another breath feeling absolutely done. Done with everyone. Everything. He didn’t need to be babied. He didn’t need anybody or anything. He just needed to get the fuck out of here and the sooner Castiel realized that-
The lyrics are posted in the story with a youtube link. As always, this song belongs to Mika!
Sam looked away uncomfortable. They had never talked about any of this before.  Gabriel noticed how uncomfortable he seemed and another laugh came out but this one sounded more like a sob. “I don’t get it. Are you so fucking in the closet that you really have to get high to even think about being with me?”
“Purple nurple!” Andy yelled and Sam and Charlie both yelled out “Purple nurple!” in unison. Normally Cas would be uncomfortable with all the yelling and drinking, but he was still feeling good about how the show had went down and found himself letting out a light chuckle as the three of them looked to be having a great time.
“I guess, my feelings about stuff has changed a lot,” he answered simply as he looked over at Dean, tilting his head at him more than a little as he studied him.
Castiel nodded and stood up to go see him.
Dean almost frowned at the thought, not liking or really understanding why the guy was constantly in his mind like this, but he forced the thought away, grin still on his face. “I’ve never needed a rabbit’s foot to get lucky before…” he told her and watched as her eyebrows went up curiously and an intrigued smile formed on her lips.
with us!”
"He was supposed to perform last week but told Gabe he changed his mind right before the show. I'm a little surprised he is performing at all, to be honest. He's really quiet and conservative. He really keeps to himself at the house. Polite... but the polar opposite of Gabe."  Dean set his beer down and leaned forward with his elbows on the table. The audience was cheering as they awaited but soon the applause was starting to die out as they waited.  Just when Dean thought no one was going to show up, a dark figure timidly stepped onto the stage. The spotlight was quick to turn to him and track the guy to center stage. Dean was surprised that it was the same person he saw watching the show off to the side earlier. The suit and tie gave him away, though now with the spotlight on him Dean could see that the tie was blue and his hair looked tussled as if he had remembered to pick out a nice outfit for his performance but forgot to brush his hair before leaving the house.
inside that drove him crazy until he got some kind of release. Having the power to bring that out in a person, that was what made Dean Winchester tick. And now getting the opportunity to do it with an Angel... Who needed fucking cable TV when this was
“Huh?” he asked almost forgetting that they were escaping to the club based on a lie he had told. “Oh, uh. Flash drive.” He turned to put on his seat belt impressed with his own quick thinking. “So, Zeppelin…” he started and Dean grinned and looked at him with a very obvious
People were heading back to their seats now, the murmur across the floor from the excitement still ongoing. “Hello, Balthazar.” Cas stated plainly, looking down at his friend who was seated again. Balthazar was grinning up at him, the same look in his eye that he had earlier when Cas was still on stage. Another deep breath and Cas announced, “I’m ready to talk.”
“What can I get for you?” the waitress asked and let her eyes linger on Dean a little longer than Sam, not trying to hide the fact that she was checking him out. Sam rolled his eyes but a soft smile remained.
“Absolutely not! But Harry Styles is hot so I give it a pass!”
Castiel was dressed in a simple and dirty pair of cloth pants and t-shirt. His hair was messy, his skin smudged, his feet bare. Shoved away from the truck he was lead through the back door, passing through hallways, ignoring the whimpers and cries of other supernatural beings around him. His face was stoic as he was lead to a large cage. Inside was nothing but a small cot with just a pillow on it. He avoided the bars the best he could as he was shoved in, seeing as the Enochian carved into the iron was a repellent, just like the shackles. Lucky for him, the handler removed the shackles so there was nothing covering him.
“Me?” Dean asked a little too loudly. “Oh, hey, yeah. I’m
“I did something,” Meg whispered hurriedly to her friend causing him to tilt his head and squint his eyes some at her. “Don’t be mad okay?”
Sam stopped kissing and looked up surprised at that before a bubble of laughter escaped. “Dean? No. Straight as an arrow,” he answered and continued kissing.
about keeping him under my thumb. I just don’t think buying him a car is the right move right now. And anytime Meg showed up to take him God only knows where, I was okay with it… well,
There were still a lot of people hanging out post show which wasn’t too surprising since it was a Friday night.  The place was pretty noisy with laughter, loud conversation, and music playing overhead. Almost to the bar now Dean saw where Meg had gone off to. She was standing next to the short gentleman the he had deemed a loner for looking fancy in his black suit and sitting at the back by himself. A quick glance and he could see that Cas wasn’t with them so he kept continued walking towards the front.  Once he reached the bar he slid into a seat and pulled out his phone, surprised to see there was a slew of new messages.  After unlocking it he found that Andy, Charlie, and Sam had added him to a group chat which was completely ridiculous considering they were all sitting next to each other. They were now texting him “more purple nurples!” completely spamming his phone with messages.
He put his pillow over his head and tried to smother himself with it, muffling a yell before throwing it off and letting out a huge sigh. Balthazar might have pushed him over the first time but Dean definitely had a hand to play this second time. “Why did I kiss him?” he asked to the empty room and felt his cheeks blush at the memory. The sound of Cas’ quick breath next to him in the dark when he pulled away and the way it made his own heart pound. The feeling he got every time Cas was on stage and performing, like it was bringing his own disgusting, dead heart to life. The way his skin flushed pink and he wanted to brush his lips over the warm skin-
“And you sweetie?” she asked turning her attention to Cas.
Castiel looked up at her, something cold in his blue eyes that made her regret doing this immediately.  She was left speechless a moment as he had never looked at her like that before. “What?” he asked simply, making it clear that he wasn’t going to excuse himself from the table to talk in private again.
Dean licked his lips slightly as he leaned forward in anticipation. The stage went dark as Gabriel walked away and a shadow moved forward to replace him front and center.  He could just barely make out Cas’ outline along with the microphone still attached to the stand that stood in front of him.  Dean’s heart was beating far too fast for someone that was simply in the audience watching and he picked up his beer bottle for something to fidget with as he waited for his friend’s performance to begin.
“He’s going to let me figure out the equipment and try to produce my own song in a couple of weeks when I’m ready.” This whole week had been rather exhausting for Castiel. Meg had texted randomly throughout the week and Castiel kept bringing up that the song, while amazing, just wasn’t him. She was the one to encourage him to make his own music just like she had. After all, Cas could already play most musical instruments and had been making musical arrangements most of his life. He just needed to learn the technology side of it.  And once he did, with any of his lyrics, she was confident that he would really connect more to his songs.
Castiel grunted softly, eyes closed as the tip of his cock began leaking pre-come. Since Dean stayed silent, he could only hope that he was giving him what he wanted as he continued. Dean contemplated the best course of action to guide the angel. If he reached down to help it would come across as self serving, as if Dean couldn't keep his hands off his possession any longer. That wouldn't do.. even though the site of Castiel was absolutely breathtaking and his own cock was throbbing in his jeans at the sight of him. Emotionless or not. He was fucking hot.  But Dean prided himself in having more self restraint than that. A quality that any
His parents were going to be out of town, not that they really cared if he threw a party or not, and it seemed like everyone was going to be there from the new friends he had made and grown closer to since Castiel had been absent from his life, all the way down to the rubberneckers who were just there to check out what it looked like inside their mansion of a home. Either way, it was sure to be a good time and would surely be a lot better if he could just convince his best friend to come.
Gabriel turned to him now to really study him. He didn’t get the impression from Sam that Dean was the type to string someone along… but if Cas was expecting more out of Dean than what he was willing to give then by the time Dean went home at the end of the summer the dark side of Cas might come out again.
Meg swallowed and took a step back knowing she would have to let him cool off and talk to him later. “Nothing.” She answered back flatly before looking back at Gabriel. “Trial period. Fine. Send me the details later. I’m outta here.” She turned on her foot and walked to the door making Gabriel wonder if she would even make it to the show date next week.
But part of him wondered if that were true how come his heart hurt so much just thinking about Dean being with the girl.
The words weren’t even for him but they were so beautiful he suddenly kicked himself for not having his notebook with him to write them down.  When he finally did move forward, he went for a napkin at the bar and a pen at the cash register and wrote the words down.
Meg sent back a black heart and Castiel returned his phone to the night stand, quickly drifting off to sleep with slight smile on his face.
I said this before, but worth saying again... I don't speak french so I am using a few different's sites for already made translations and then trying to put together the ones that make the most sense. I hope all of that makes sense...
“What a lucky guy,” Balthazar said, and knowing his best friends’ soul inside and out, absolutely meant it.
“10 minutes.” He said finally. “But no talking,” he added quickly as an afterthought. He was still trying to talk himself into leaving. And he knew this guy, as normal and cool as he seemed wasn’t going to let him do that so easily.
Cas couldn’t hold it in anymore and the words burst out. It took him a couple of seconds to realize that Dean had apologized at the exact same time.
Cas still looked helplessly confused. “B-but I don’ want him..”
Castiel wasn’t sure what this would do, if anything, but felt like he had to do something. If Balthazar could just show up and look smug and unaffected and sing that song then he could play that game too. His nerves sobered him up a little as he put the mic into the stand and pointed it toward his mouth, put his hands on the keyboard ready to go… and sang.
Meg shrugged some and leaned over to Gabe as she yelled out, “he just said he would be back.”
Cas sighed accepting that sleep was no longer an option for him. “No omelet. Just coffee.”
That suspicion was confirmed when less than a half an hour later Sam came knocking on his door asking him about heading out to lunch before going for a tour of the city.  He easily agreed to let his brother show him the sights and grabbed his wallet and keys before heading for the front door.  He glanced to see if Cas was still sitting on the couch but the living room was empty now.  He couldn’t explain why he was disappointed when he was nowhere to be found.
Dean had been checking out the window all morning for the arrival. When he saw the truck finally he checked his watch. They were right on time. Not a minute early nor late. He waited inside, trying not to seem over eager by meeting them in the driveway before they came up to knock. He was able to wait but he eagerly opened the door before the knocking finished.
Of course, Andy, Charlie and Sammy all held their own whistling and cheering and Gabriel took a few bows as the audience eventually settled down. Dean clapped but as the crowd died down took a deep breath.  All there was to do now was wait and see how Cas did.
“Wait a second? Who are we talking about again?”
. Some of the lines she had twisted some or added to in order to fit the song better, but they were definitely his thoughts. His words.
Cas chuckled nervously a little surprised at his friend's words. So it was a pity kiss after what Dean saw go down at the dance between him and Meg. "Yeah, I don't think I'll be going on another date with Meg." He said simply as his cheeks reddened remembering his determination to show Dean he was normal. He sighed softly realizing he might never be. At least not the kind of normal where he liked girls the way Dean did. "After we get you and Lisa sorted out properly we can talk about me, though," he told him not wanting Dean to forget that despite the pity kiss he would help him get the girl or at least get over the girl so he wasn't stuck in a state of heartbreak. It was the least he could do for his best friend.
While Dean was way more into Cas’ style compared Gabe’s musically, he couldn’t deny that the guy had a fuck ton of talent. Sam even had his eyebrows raised at some of the notes he was hitting and looked at Dean with a smile that beamed for his roommate.
. “I’m not against whatever this plan is, if you think it will actually help. I just don’t like that I had to hear it from Meg of all people.”
Dean’s raised an eyebrow and looked over his shoulder in the girl’s direction.
“Listen, Meg, I think…” he trailed off some as his attention was grabbed by a display of neatly folded shirts. One read
Gabriel swiveled in his chair to face Anna, smiling some when he saw her pure disgust for Zachariah at the control table where at least six tv’s had different angles on Winchester as they waited for the girls to arrive. “He hates humans.” He replied simply which caused Anna to turn and give him a confused look. “You heard me.” He repeated. “You see, when he stands there and has that walkie-talkie, he’s not one of us. He’s God. And everyone else is just a meat puppet all scrambling to do his will.” Gabe had seen a lot of people come and go in this job. Most were competent enough to get the job done but couldn’t handle the constant pressure of Zachariah’s wrath. Others got sucked into the game and became a pawn of pure evil manipulation. Sure, it was a fun gig when it was the contestants. But Zachariah often took it to far. People didn’t just quite or get fired without having some deeply emotional wounds. “He’s not your friend, okay? He’s your boss. He’s damn good at what he does. But just remember. He hates you. If you’re going to survive here you have to know that.”
“His name is Dean Winchester. He’s not the average rich guy that we’ve had on the show before. This one lost his parents and as a result gained money. He lives life as normally as possible, taking care of his younger brother. Not glitz and Hollywood. More like disgustingly rich with a small hometown, lay low and do right kind of vibe. So if you were looking for a bad boy-”
“Tell them ‘m fine but you are never drivin’ Baby again.” Sam didn’t answer but text something that made Dean’s phone go off followed by three more immediate chimes. “Ugh. I’s so loud…” He didn’t move to take his phone out of his pocket, instead choosing to frown his disapproval as he lay on his back.
“Not yet.” Balthazar said, eyes moving back to the entrance again.
He went into his room and found a pair of headphones before pulling the list of songs out of the drawer. He typed in Behind Blue Eyes and hit play before laying back and losing himself in the music.
Sam didn’t at all notice Dean’s reaction as he pulled out his laptop to make the pizza order online.  He simply shook his head. “Nah, Gabe text a bit ago and said they finally picked a song of Cas’ and wouldn’t make it back home before dinner. He thinks that they might even have it ready for Friday’s show.” Dean nodded, hoping Cas was okay and not feeling too much pressure. He made a mental note to catch him in the morning if he wasn't able to tonight just to check in. For whatever reason he felt some kind of bond with him.
“Right there.” Cas said bringing Dean back to reality. The sign was flickering with a soft buzzing sound and the building itself looked small which Dean liked. He pulled into the lot that only had two other cars parked and killed the engine. Castiel pushed his door open and it gave a slight groan before he stepped out and closed it behind him. Dean did the same, following him into the building that was a little dim lighted and looked like it had been decorated or refurbished in over twenty years. After the two sat themselves in a booth across from each other Dean’s eyes found the sign that read what pies they had available. He ready quickly through but even before he started he knew it was going to be apple.
(See the end of the chapter for
and stuff but doesn’t this seem a little extreme to you?”
Dean hid his disappointment well as Cas slid out of the booth to leave. He had hoped after his invitation to join them he would be sticking around longer, but Meg was already headed for the door leaving Castiel to say goodbye and follow. He paused for a second in front of Dean, standing very close as he lingered in his personal space for a beat. “Thank you for being here tonight, Dean.” His voice was low and that deep gravely sound that gave the Winchester a chill as he swallowed hard and blushed. Dean was reminded of their morning and seeing Cas in the bathroom, shades of pink on his face and chest and absolutely
Something about the tone of his voice made Cas feel like a freak and his skin burned hotter. “Look, I've never had occasion, okay? I’ve kissed before just not…apathetically.” Cas shook his head some as he brought his legs up and hugged his knees. He wondered how he got himself in this position, sitting in the dark with Dean Winchester and talking about kissing like girls at a teenage slumber party.
… his brain tried again,
Castiel sat quietly still looking away while Dean’s face went from a shocked,
… He was straight… He just hadn’t been on any dates with any girls. If he did that then he for sure wouldn’t be anything else other than straight.
“Y-you kissed me…” Cas’ face turned pale white as the walls came crashing down. His father didn’t love him. Not this fucked up version of him that he could never get rid of no matter how much he tried, ignored, prayed for it to go away. Now he was learning that Balthazar didn't care about him either...
Dean's eyes fluttered open to see sunlight already pouring through the bedroom window. He groaned some and, out of habit, reached for his phone to check the time, even though the alarm clock on the nightstand was perfectly adequate. He brought it in front of his face, groaned at the brightness when he pushed the side button with his thumb, dimmed it some and finally read the time. 9:40.
"So what's on the agenda today, oh, fearless leader?" Cas teased. Dean grabbed a notebook and flipped past whatever doodles and writing Cas had done and started making a list of things he needed to do before the sunset, things he needed to push off on other people to do or fix as well as a list of supplies they were running short on, leaving room at the bottom to add things after he got official counts from Chuck.
Chuck shrugged, “Sure, I’ll save you a seat, okay?”  Dean watched Chuck take off down the path and when he no longer heard footsteps he looked back up.  Castiel was standing at the front of his cabin.  He was wearing the same thing he always wore when they weren't out hunting and killing things.  A light blue loose fitting long sleeved shirt and equally loose fitting green pants he had picked up somewhere and fell in love with.  The same hippie clothes he wore everyday. But today...  Dean bit his lip.
(See the end of the chapter for
... vowing to "protect its master."  With a blade none the less. Fucking sexy. Or it could have been. If there were anything left in this shell of a man that housed an angel. For Castiel, his words were simply the truth. He didn't know what else Winchester wanted from him. Unless thinking about his own demise was some kind of kink for him.  He had lived through worse and weirder.  Suddenly, a soft grunt left the angels lips and Dean looked down as Castiel's body tingled and streams of thin white strips erupted from his cock over his hand. Dean's cock throbbed with want and he clenched his hands to keep from palming at his dick through his jeans.
“Just get your ass in here now!” Zachariah spat, cutting him off.
Castiel pouted which made Gabriel laugh out loud as he exited his room. He waited a second before picking up his phone.
As the music started the bar around them got quiet, people curiously watching while others actually shushed their friends to be quiet as they wanted to enjoy the live music. Gabe watched as well, but his expression gave away the fact that he wasn’t expecting much to come out of this audition. Cas was leaning against the wall to keep from pacing while his head stayed down and eyes glued to the floor.
“What’s your favorite thing to make?” he asked settling into his seat at the bar more.  “I’ll take that.”
(See the end of the chapter for
” He gestured toward himself so animatedly that the bartender had to hold back his laughter. “I don’t do
Castiel slipped between the covers just as his phone chimed. In the dark he stretched his arm out to the night stand where it was plugged in and brought it to his face. It was almost three o’clock in the morning and Meg sent a few purple devils and a tongue face with the message “
“They’ve been going at it a while now,” Dean said as he grabbed a beer out of the fridge. Sam nodded but didn’t look up from the newspaper he was reading which made his brother roll his eyes.  The muffled voices he could hear would sometimes raise loud enough to know that the brothers were still arguing on the porch, but never loud enough that it would bother any neighbors. Of course, this also meant that their voices were never loud enough for Dean to hear what was actually going on out there.  He pulled the tab on the can making it hiss as it opened, and reminded himself,
“I’ll make it up to you however you want, my love” Cas told him earlier. That’s what he’s doing now. He’s putting the ball in Dean’s court. ‘You go ahead and do what you need, my love’, his silent compliance is saying. Cas knows Dean, he knows Dean would never hurt him, not even in the heat of the moment, not even angry and offended and hurt and blindly jealous as he is now. Back at the café he had a moment when he envisioned just slamming Cas against the wall and fucking him brutally, not even taking the time to open him up, forcing him to feel who he belongs to for days. He now shudders at the thought. He could never do that to his love.
He leaves the office only slightly later than usual and manages to get all the way home and into some sweatpants and a loose t-shirt before grabbing his phone and replying to Dean. The number of his messages has increased in the meantime, with Dean’s comments on places he’s seen on his way back home and his delighted discovery of a pizzeria which makes ‘the best pizza on the planet, with the exception of Italy.’ That’s somehow the starting point of their text conversation. Castiel enquires whether Dean’s ever been to Italy, to which Dean replies he hasn’t but ‘they invented the damn thing, they must be the best at it, right?’ Fair enough, Castiel thinks. That leads to them talking about the places they have visited, those they have liked and those they haven’t liked, and then which ones they would like to visit and why. Dean wasn’t lying about his obsession with parks, starting from Yellowstone, he’s visited dozens, including many Castiel has never even heard of.
What he didn’t expect was how much he’d end up loving it. The music club was actually made up of a bunch of very interesting characters, from nerds to computer geniuses to football players and everything in between, and he made some friends, such as Kevin, Charlie and Benny, who have by now become family – a family who also includes his former art and music teacher, Mrs. Moseley, now just Missouri, who is the closest thing Dean’s ever had to a mother.
“You miss her.”
Castiel’s the first to admit that having a little, young thing like Dean, who gets ogled wherever they go, as a husband has made his possessive instincts sharper than they used to be, but he honestly thinks he can congratulate himself on this compromise solution. Rather than asking Dean to tattoo ‘I belong to Castiel Novak’ at the small of his back, so Castiel could enjoy looking at the words whenever he fucks his boy from behind and anyone could see them whenever Dean’s clothes ride up or down enough for that bit of flesh to be revealed, he’s decided to go for this discreet option instead.
“Is that so?”
“That’s... I didn’t exactly use those words-“
Yet, here he is, he thinks, smiling at himself and shaking his head at how absolutely whipped he is. ‘Ah, what we wouldn’t do for love.’
He hasn’t come though. He hopes Cas doesn’t plan on leaving him like this, even though he kinds of deserves it after flirting with other people like that.
“Yes. I, ah, I like. However you take me. Always.”
“Then take off your clothes and lie face down on the bed,” Dean says, no longer screaming, but with a coldness in his voice that’s usually not there.
“If I’m-?,” Dean starts, stunned. “Of fucking course, I’m interested,” he says.
open for you.”
Cas’s overtly polite hospitality interrupts Dean’s stream of mental images of the two of them having their wicked way with each other in every available space around them.
Dean’s fucking him with slow, long, deep thrusts and Cas arches up when the pleasure is too much, and spreads his legs wider and rolls his hips down to meet every push of Dean’s hips against his ass. He’s come already, he’s oversensitive, he shouldn’t want more of this, but he does, he so does, he’s almost delirious with how much he needs to make this good for Dean. He needs Dean to want to do this with him always. Always.
Dear lord but are Novak's eyes expressive. The man's on his knees, a cock is in his mouth, his hair is a fucked-out mess. He's the very picture of debauchery. Yet what captivates Dean and keeps him hostage is the
Dean has breakfast at the hotel for the first time. Meetings ensue.
“Damn, Cas, that was amazing,” he tells him, because Cas should know Dean’s a very satisfied sexual partner right now.
Next chapter up on Monday. Just a heads up, it will be looooong (like, the longest in the fic) & we’ll earn our E rating for real in that chapter, if you catch my drift *wink wink + wiggles eye brows*
It’s all meant to let the words sink in.
Just like Dean’s workshop, Cas’s training turned out to be
Killed by April. The reaper Castiel regretted giving his virginity to, just because he was angry and hurt and totally disillusioned about ever going back to be a part of the Winchesters’ lives after Dean had asked him to leave the bunker. That had been the moment when he had realized he was in love with Dean. The moment he he had realized that his despair wasn’t only about losing his family and his home, and about having to learn how to live as a mortal all on his own. No, his despair was, first and foremost, about losing the man he loved, and about the man he loved throwing him away like that. The man he hadn’t been able to stop thinking about for even a second as he was having intercourse with April. The man he was sure would make him feel so much
to meet this man and make sure he deserved her seal of approval.
Right.
“I had to find a way to avoid doing or saying anything that could even remotely suggest sleeping with me was the price to pay to be here. I couldn’t have lived with myself if I did.”
. Gotta make sure I check all the boxes and all that.”
“You know what to do.”
But no, he’s completely silent. It seems he has no intention of letting Dean forget he’s the one walking on thin ice here. Alright then.
Dean Winchester, the righteous man, one of the smartest, strongest, bravest, more reckless hunters in the world, had finished his prayer on a sob. He was crying, and sobbing, for Castiel. Apologizing and offering his unconditional forgiveness.
Dean turns his head to the side in time to see Cas taking a small packet of lube out of his back pocket. Either his boyfriend is a boy scout at heart, or he thought they might find themselves in this situation. Well, he did wear the goddamn red leather jacket, after all. He
Here it is, my lovelies, the chapter we've aaaaaaall been waiting for: fluff & smut ahead :-D
Dean whispers in his ear “fiancé.”
Castiel looks at him. Really looks at him. Like he’s trying to read his very mind, or his soul, or both. Again, trying to catch him in a lie. But he won’t. He can’t. There is no lie to catch Dean in. Everything he said is true.
“I know what I said. But we don’t have to do anything if you’re not ready yet. I never want you to feel pressured, Cas. I just wanna feel close to you. We don’t have to go all the way for that.”
“Are you really this person, Dean Winchester?”
want that.
Must have happened when Cas was serving the people occupying the table next to Dean and Charlie’s. From the curt reply, however, it was clear that his boy’s mood hadn’t improved since yesterday and the lack of Dean’s TLC probably wasn’t helping either. Dean did feel pretty guilty for being unable to take care of Cas when his beauty needed it the most, but he couldn’t break his promise to his friends. They had always been there for him. He, quite simply, would have to make sure to make it up to his boy next time they’d get together.
“Dean, it’s been ten months since the wedding. Aren’t you tired of using that pet name yet?”
“Me too, so much.”
“I do.”
“Say it, Dean.”
Castiel could.
Cas seems to agree, because he starts kissing back just as hungrily, and they start unbuttoning shirts and gripping hems and unbuckling belts and sliding zippers down while they’re still sitting, Dean on top of Cas. Until Cas has had enough and he stands up, forcing Dean to do the same and he starts walking Dean backward, toward their bedroom, still kissing him, still shedding clothes, and Dean finds it glorious whenever something they do causes for their ring or bracelet to be pressed against his skin and he just thinks ‘He’s gonna be mine forever’ every time.
He needs to
“I love you, Sir, love you,” Dean blurts, half delirious, and Castiel feels like he’ll soon burst out of his skin with how much he loves this one person who’s his best friend, his husband, his sub, his soulmate, his everything.
It was just unfortunate that he wouldn’t be able to help his beautiful boy deal with it later today, because Charlie and Dean actually had a LARPing event that night that had been scheduled for some time now. Since he didn’t feel confident enough to share his nerdy hobby with Cas yet – which he classified under the label ‘further data in support of wanting to keep my badass image for as long as possible because I want him to want me’ – he decided to just mention in passing that he had promised Charlie they’d spend the evening together when he paid for his coffee.
“The family you were talking with when I arrived. That wasn’t English, was it?”
Dean has a guest over and realizes a thing or two while being his awesome caregiving self.
Dean takes a deep breath and Castiel knows he’s about to ask for something.
But Cas’s adorable head tilt is followed but that beautiful smile he’s blessed Dean with earlier. “Cas,” he repeats. “I like it,” he concludes with a little nod. What an adorable dork.
. And if there’s even one in a million chance that Dean might want to keep showing up even after his two-week stay is over, Castiel will not blow it by breaching his trust before their relationship has even begun.
“You could. And if you will, I will accept that and move on. But, honestly, I don’t think you will.”
“I love kissing you, my darling boy,” Castiel tells him, because, as much as he constantly showers him with praise, tonight of all nights is when Dean should be told how spectacular he is a million times, and then a million more.
The rest of Cas’s training was going spectacularly well too.
. Say it again,” Cas orders.
“They’re in there-“
“Yes, please,
All of this clearly required further investigation, and an independent opinion from an external source.
Now, that’s a lie
“Would you like something to drink, Dean? A beer, maybe?”
“Green, Sir.” Now that’s better. Dean might have already realized his misstep all on his own. Castiel wouldn’t be surprised if that was the case, given how perfect Dean is.
Realizing he’s being stared at, Dean declares “We’re so trying all the other restaurants in this chain too”, while still swallowing his bite – the box for table manners will
“Thank goodness they threw my wallet away once they emptied it, so I still have my ID and social security card, at least. And they only beat me until I gave up my stuff, but didn’t have more fun with me after that.”
have gained a few pounds lately and decided to start walking to and back from work for a little while rather than taking my car. So I’m gonna pass by this spot at least twice a day in the next few weeks. And, I mean, if you’re here, or, you know, around here, I wouldn’t mind stopping by to say hi. Chat a bit.”
“What else, Dean, tell me.” The rocking of his hips starts increasing fractionally, a slow, steady pull and push that lets his cock in and out of Dean’s ass gently, but firmly.
“Jesus, Clarence. You’ve
“Dean? Dean, what’s wrong?”
“But I want to.”
“Dean-“
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel greets.
“Yes,” he tries to turn his head, surely to look at Dean’s face, but Dean stills his movement with his own head, pressing his nose down into Cas’s heavenly smelling hair even more. It’s still too soon. Dean can’t look Cas in the eye, not yet. “Yes, love, only you, only ever you,” Cas hastens to reassure, resigned that Dean won’t let him move.
“Brand manager for the renewable energy division of General Motors. Close to home. Kansas City.”
, ah, like that.
“Oh yes,” Dean confirms, and, wow, Cas’s soft smile sure is soft. “Go on, I’ll only be a minute” Dean adds, brushing his lips against Cas's cheek, leaving in his wake a barely there kiss and a half stunned Cas. Maybe he too, like Dean, felt that that simple, innocent peck was more intimate than anything they've done so far. Maybe he felt it too, the spike of elation at doing something that screams
“Keep fucking me, love.”
' his downstairs brain begs right away). This jewel of a man
You guys, these two. They are too cute for their own good.
Dean seems to wake from a reverie, clears his throat and says, “It’s my alarm. I, um, set it so we wouldn’t be late. I tend to lose track of time when I’m having fun.”
because Cas is touching him, and he’s called him “baby” and Dean needs to come so bad he’s aching for it and oh god yes, Cas’s lips are touching his again, his tongue is thrusting inside Dean’s mouth again, one of his arms is tightening around his waist, while his other hand is cradling Dean’s head to make sure it doesn’t bang against the arm of the couch where Cas is laying Dean flat on his back, while he stays on top, his mouth never leaving Dean in the process. ‘I was right, the couch will do just fine,’ Dean finds himself thinking, having no pretense this is just foreplay and they will move things to the bedroom. There’s no time for that, worked up as they are. Not with Cas heavy and perfect atop Dean. Not when he gently slides the hand that was supporting his head through Dean’s side, softly touching his shoulder, chest, hipbone, backside, until it stops and grabs ahold of his thigh to make sure it tightens around Cas’s waist and stays there, while Cas’s hips start moving. Oh God, the friction is-
as a reply.
“Dean, if your dad has a problem with my sexual orientation I don’t thin-“
“That’s not fair though.”
Dean – slowly, deliberately, to give Cas all the time he might need to process that yes, the atmosphere has changed and the electricity he’s feeling in the air is not because of his imagination running wild – bends slightly to put his guitar back in its open case lying on the floor next to his feet. He then turns around on the couch, angling his body towards Cas, an arm extended on the backrest, a leg bent at the knee resting on the cushion, his body language open, inviting.
Song Chapter. No copyright infringement is intended. <3
Cas’ pencil slowed for a second trying to place the words. You are… you are… he frowned for a second before the word penetrated his mind and made his eyes go wide as he turned to look at the boy who was simply smiling back at him. Cute?!
Dean rubbed the back of his neck nervously then, not one to deal well with spoken emotions or whatever. It was uncomfortable enough in the room now that he forgot about the crash that had woke him up as he sat heavily on his bed. “It’s fine. You don’t have to thank me every time I show up or whatever. It’s what friends do.”
Not wanting to kill the vibe they had going, Balthazar forced himself to simmer down some. “Is he here now? I know a way we can make him jealous.” His voice was teasing but Cas rolled his eyes knowing if he said yes, Balthazar would make it happen.
At least a dozen singers and dancers took the stage around Gabriel all wearing different variants of the same outfit. Black tank tops and gold glittery converse, yet they each had an accent piece that kept them unique and cohesive at the same time. Gabriel had a gold glittery top hat, while the girl next to him wore a gold glittery vest. Different variations sprinkled throughout the cast as they skipped around on stage, not dancing as much as chaotically having a good time.
Castiel's eyes opened and he stared at the blank wall in front of him. The feeling stubborn and not allowing him to push it down. His head tilted to the side as the word,
*****
Dean’s walking to work, the freezing early morning air helping him get alert and alert, and thinking about the plan that’s been forming in his head.
Cas laughed out loud then, and Jesus fuck, what a beautiful sound. “I’m pretty sure everyone will think I hit the jackpot while you won... a game of bowling.”
Dean needs to tread very, very, very lightly. He’s been thinking about that afternoon in the locker room for the last fifteen years. He doesn’t want to have to think about this evening for the next fifteen.
Dean had called him his best friend, again. It wasn’t the first time Dean did that. Castiel could still remember, clear as day, when Dean told him “You’re always there, you know? You’re the best friend we’ve ever had. You’re our brother Cas, I want you to know that.” He had said that while driving, of course, trying to keep his eyes on the road more than on the angel. Castiel had done the same, had tried not to look at Dean while he was speaking. They were in the middle of the fight between Chuck and Amara, the last world-ending threat in a list of world-ending threats that had got longer and longer in time. He couldn’t resist though, not until the end, and had to look at his hunter while all he could do was to choke out a totally inadequate “Thank you.” Dean was about to sacrifice himself and wanted to make sure Castiel knew he loved him, even though it was brotherly love the only kind of love he could confess outright.
The smile that had been on Gabe’s face just a moment ago vanished and he looked over to the crowd where he had seen disappear. Of course, now there was no sight of him. He was probably already back in his seat. But he stared at the backs of strangers unable to put words together.
the show. Each girl was beautiful and most of them were more than willing to go the extra mile to prove to the suitor that they were worth keeping around for another episode as they were eliminated episode by episode. After a couple of phone calls back and forth and the producers promising him that they would pay for anything Dean needed, including an endless supply of alcohol and food while they lodged him, he decided what the hell. Why not? So for three months Sam would stay with their uncle Bobby and while he looked for true love. Or at the very least a few good hookups.
Michael shook his head annoyed with the whole situation in front of him. “Calm down Michael. What’s it matter if it’s Cas or someone different. The rules are still the same. You have six girls each. The more drama the more money and the longer your girls last the longer you are on set and get a paycheck.”
Castiel blinked slowly in surprise. He lowered his arms slowly not sure why the man cared. Dean wasn't sure if the angel had tried anything before or maybe he had never been allowed food in his past. If there was a treat he liked he could use it for a reward of course only when he did something good. Very good. For now he asked casually looking for any motivator to get this relationship going. He would like to think at some point pleasure would be a fine motivator for the angel but he felt that they were a ways from that still. And Dean was still pissed that he hadn't found the relic that would give him control over the angel without the need of shackles.  The only thing he found through research that would allow his wings to be free at all times without him being able to escape and without a jolt of electricity.  Not that Dean was against using that to see them again.  But he certainly couldn't fuck the angel while giving him electric shocks. Of course he had been looking for the item hoping to have it before the angel got here, but no dice.
?” to which Sam gave a shrug that answered “
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas gave a soft smile knowing that Gabe didn’t really like Meg but trusted him to make his own friends and decisions. Another experience that was new to him after coming from a world where everything was decided for him from a young age.  He was still trying to get used to this now as he transitioned to his new life. His attention was pulled away when he heard his phone chime. He pulled it out figuring it was Meg, but was pleasantly surprised when he saw that he had a message from Dean.
“Um, we’re going to need to hold on that. Winchester is missing.”
Dean rolled his eyes and leaned back against the frame of the doorway. "Well sometimes opposites attract, Sammy. Jesus. I know you want to be a lawyer some day, but what's with the third degree?"
guys i don't put a lot of thoughts into my chapter titles. lol. also thank you for reading. <3
He was just about to respond when he glanced down and noticed the words on his shirt. His eyes flickered back to Cas’ and part of him wondered for half a second if that was Dean Winchester’s shirt. No… There was absolutely
“The drugs.” Dean cut in forcefully. “This.” He gestured to him not able to help the disgusted look on his face as he looked up and down at him in his current state.
“Oh come on. Chemistry was fun..”
The handlers always delivered the angels to their new masters.  There were too many times on record of someone arranging their own transportation, eager to pick up their angel who didn't do the wards right causing their angels escape or a few times even their own death. It was in the contract now that as soon as the angel was on property of their new owner they were held liable for any mishaps that might occur which was much less of a headache.  Castiel sat in the back of the moving truck. meditating quietly as the truck rumbled beneath him. He didn't know how long it had been, but after a while he felt it come to a stop and the engine turn off before the doors opened.  He squinted some in the sunlight as he was pulled out of the truck with a heavy tug on his enochian carved shackles causing him to stumble slightly.  He wore an off white pair of pants and matching shirt that was similar to the outfit you might find in a hospital psych ward.  He stood quiet and patiently showing no sign of emotion as he watched the handler head up the long walkway to the door to announce the delivery.
“See what I mean.” Dean said with a small smile as he showed off his find to the boy.  Cas didn’t return the smile as he followed Dean down some of the first aisles.  When they hit the book section Castiel slowed as he looked over some of the titles. Books on astrology, spiritual energy, even reincarnation.  His eyes were wide, half curious and half worried to be here, yet even so he found himself reaching out and touching some of the covers as he read them.
“Why has the stuff you sing about changed?” Dean finally asked, causing Cas to still completely for a moment. His back was still to him but Dean could tell that his body was tense and it took him a moment to regain his rhythm and finish readying his coffee before he turned around with his mug in hand.  Dean was silently cursing himself. He hadn’t planned on the question popping out. It just sort of did.  For whatever reason, he was still intrigued by the guy.
Sam giggled softly before doing a poor imitation of Gabriel’s voice rather loudly from where he sat on the floor, “help me get him upstairs, would you!” He laughed louder and Gabe lost his grip on him after pulling him up some which sent Sam to the floor again with a loud thud causing a ripple of more laughter.
“Qu'est-ce que tu as dit?”
Dean was taking a drink when Chuck’s question came out and he pulled it away to look at him with an exaggerated drunken disgust, as if Chuck should have already understood. “Like
Dean nodded some finding it both crazy and cool that Cas was going to honor his commitment even though he could fully understand why he would want to back out at this point.  He opened his mouth to answer but stopped as his eyes flickered down to Cas’ exposed stomach from where the trench coat had opened some. He looked back up quickly but the boy had turned away and didn’t seem to notice. “Hey for what it’s worth…” Cas looked back over meeting Dean’s green eyes, “…the outfit doesn’t look bad on you.”
Cas hadn’t taken his eyes of Meg since he came in. She looked a little nervous to see him and as Gabe seemed distracted now she nodded her head off to the side motioning Cas over so they could talk alone.
Castiel tried to rid the song from his mind, but without any other conversation the lyrics caught him and he wondered for a second if Dean Winchester was more sweet or pain.
“You got it!” He jumped up to leave as Cas grabbed his phone off the bedside table and saw that Meg had already sent him good morning wishes as well.  Not something she did every morning, though neither was Gabriel jumping on his bed. He supposed he didn’t mind the extra support as the two surely knew that this would be a lot harder than sitting behind the piano as he did to sing last week.  That was his safe place. While Gabe did something amazing with the words he wrote and the production was genius, it wasn’t like anything he had ever performed before and he would be lying if he didn’t say he was nervous. He sent some angel emoji’s in response to her purple devil one’s and made her promise that she would be there tonight.
“I kiss a lot of people." Balthazar shrugged. "I mean, you were at the party last weekend. James, Taylor, the hot twins for my English class. What are their names again? Tami? Cami?” He was pacing now, deep in his thoughts and high on adrenaline from the shit storm they had just left behind. “Anyway… my point is. You deserve better than that. You don’t want this. You won’t be happy with this. We can’t just keep kissing in private. And I’m not going to stop kissing others in public. I don’t want to be tied down, Castiel."  I just want to have fun. Good, casual, fun.” He looked over at Cas’ face and had a deep regret that made him back pedal as fast as he could.
Sam rolled his eyes but didn’t lose his smile.  “No way. This is more art than sex. The songs are completely originals that Gabe and some of the performers write. A lot of it is based off of their personal experiences which, you know,” Sam shrugged, “makes sense. They perform on Friday’s and the bar is open without any stage shows on Thursday and Saturday. But Monday through Wednesday is reserved for their rehearsals to practice new songs and choreography.”
” Dean pushed, “are you telling me that you… Mr. High and Mighty,” Dean gestured to the lavish living space and lifestyle Gabe seemed so comfortable with, “is anything like what Cas’ experience is?” Dean took a step forward now, fists clenched, but Gabriel stood his ground.
“Duh, Clarence. Wouldn’t miss it,” she texted back with a black heart emoji.
“Oh it was my pleasure. Welcome back!” Zachariah’s smile reminded Cas of a child who took pleasure from frying ants with a magnifying glass.
Dean nodded his head slowly wondering if this was going to be it… no mention of the past week. Just pretend like it didn’t happen. Go back to the way things were… before he fucked it all to hell. He took the bag from Cas, happy to focus his attention on it for a moment after his awkward staring. He slid the box and opened it, revealing a perfect slice of apple. A genuine smile spread over his face and he managed a, “thanks, Cas” as he reached back in the bag to find the fork.
“Uh, remember… tip your bartender.” The drummer gave a
The last thing on Dean's mind before sleep finally took him was Cas' soft lips pressed against his own. A soft smile was on his lips as he started dreaming. Cas watched him intently, vowing to himself not to let his feelings come in between them while he was so injured over Lisa's rejection. In the faint light, he thought that Dean looked like he was smiling. Feeling that his friend found some contentment in sleep he allowed his own eyes to close as well. "I'll watch over you, Dean. I promise," he whispered before drifting off to sleep himself.
"After that amazing performance I can't take no for an answer." Gabe said but pouted when Castiel hadn't made a move to take the bottle. "C'mon little brother. You were amazing. A beer and some conversation with our new guest. Then I promise I will let you go to bed."
“Let’s take Gabriel lunch.” Sam said after opening the fridge and closing it a few times seeing that there was nothing to eat in the house.  Their fight from yesterday was still fresh in his mind and even though Gabriel had told him they were fine, he wanted to go check in and see him, which sure beat moping around the house waiting for him to get home.
"Yes, Master, I am good with a blade, but only in protection of my master. I would never kill my master." The words he spoke were unsatisfying to Dean as they were nothing but flat half-assed meaningless words spoken without a single ounce of passion. He perhaps wouldn't have minded so much if he actually believed them. A small thrill at the idea of someone, rather in this case, some
Dean clutched his pounding heart from the scare. “Gabriel? What the fuck? Don’t you
had just happened. Was that a fight? The kiss definitely had some anger behind it and in all honesty, the last person who looked at him the way Cas just did... he had gotten laid. Dean groaned and stirred in his bed. No, this was Cas, and that other time it was a girl, and it was seriously just a kiss… Dean knew better than anyone that kisses didn’t
From the control room Zachariah snickered. “Cameras ready on the drive way. Make sure you get him as he’s coming in.” The crew exchanged confused glances but slowly started to turn their equipment to the driveway as they were told. They had no clue who was coming but Zachariah was never one to be questioned.
The smallest exhale of surprise left Dean's mouth at the choice.  A good burger was his favorite as well. "Of course," Castiel continued, "if you require a meal, I can prepare one. I know how to cook, Master." He was actually very good at it, and prided himself in that and how well he cleaned up. He was meticulous. Dean licked his lips some when he heard the change in his voice.  He didn't just know how to cook. He
Dean frowned at the nickname but kept his eyes on his new beer, wondering why he decided to put himself through this mental torture.
“Coming right up,” she said and turned to go again, completely unaffected by the two of them.
Cas and Gabe got home a little after midnight. Cas was tired and ready to hit the hay as he listened to his brother go on about stage lighting while unlocking the front door. He had just closed and locked it when they heard a sound from the kitchen. Most of the lights in the house were off and they had assumed when they pulled up that both Winchesters were asleep. Entering the room now, Sam was wide awake and attempting to microwave something quite noisily.
While the crew distracted everyone by coming into the audience Gabriel had moved to sitting on the table right in front of Dean proactively crossing and uncrossing his legs. Dean couldn’t help but feel this had something to do with the shower incident this morning like if he had agreed or something he might have spared him whatever
Unable to remember the song completely, Dean defaulted to repeating the 6 or 7 lines he did know. By the third time he was going a little over the top trying to impersonate Ray Orbinson’s distinct voice, not realizing he was getting louder in the process. Right before he went into the chorus again he heard a voice that made him jump so bad he was lucky he didn’t slip.
Back at the bar, Cas got the picture and smiled. “Goodnight, Dean” he said and smiled at the image of the sleepy boy before pocketing it. He picked his pencil up and continued writing, his words a bit more cheerful than they were before.
"Um. Hi."
Even though the audience on Thursday nights were a lot more relaxed, talking through the live music, a soft murmuring began to spread in the crowd as they started wondering what they were about to witness. Castiel’s voice mixed with his slight sway when attempting to stand still made him easy to identify as drunk. The dancers looked helplessly at the two on stage before hurriedly making their exit behind the curtain, not sure if the two were about to fight or if they were about to interrupt the next act by lingering any longer.
Sam gave an awkward laugh but his face looked worried as the two older boys started to go at each other. “Hey now, guys...”
The light was off and Dean entered the room, closing the door behind him as he stood waiting for his eyes to begin to adjust to the dark.  “Cas?”
For a second their eyes met across the large yard and Dean thought in the light of day the guy was even more stunning than the last time he'd seen him. He had already wanked off to the remembrance of his wings a few times since he had claimed him last week but as he got closer and saw just how much the sun made his blue eyes sparkle that he could probably pull one off to that image alone. Castiel showed no emotion as Dean thanked the men for coming and they hopped back in the truck without another glance to him.  Even though he was still very much bound by the sigils jailing him from using any of his powers, Dean pulled out an angel blade from the back of his jeans.  Normally he would keep a gun there, but he knew enough to know that this was the only thing that could do
The angel took his time answering wondering what kind of angle this was. The human didn't seem to need an army or body guard and most humans that needed a simply servant would put him to work right away. So why bother buttering him up?  Dean studied him carefully and while his emotions stayed very hidden, he still picked up on the subtle change in his eyes as he processed the question. Castiel blinked once more erasing the hint of emotion before deciding -- though hesitantly -- to tell him the truth. "Cheeseburgers," he said. The thought made his mouth water; it had been awhile, but his last master let him enjoy one now and then, and they had become his favorites.
Dean sighed. Chuck knew he was carrying a lot of guilt and the guy was always trying to give him a pass and tell him they were lucky to have him.  But Dean knew the truth. They were all here in this situation because of him. And nothing that anyone said would change that. "G'night, Chuck." He said and waited 'till he was out of the cabin before pulling out a bottle of whiskey he kept in his desk.
He sat back on the couch and Charlie began questioning him about his favorite movies and asking if he had seen her favorites. When he said no to half of them she assured him
Castiel eyed the blade almost telling the man that he didn't need it, but he knew he wouldn't be believed.  So he waited until the human said what he wanted to. Deep down he longed to be a warrior again, though knowing that dream was never going to be a reality ever again, he pushed the longing down, deep within himself. He would take the act of being a simple servant, forced to spend his days cooking and cleaning up after the man if that was what he wished.  But standing here now while he was practically eye fucked, it was becoming clear that with this human, his time here would be anything but simple.
Ash and Castiel finished the song and to Cas’ surprise there was an eruption of applause. He blushed and took a step back from the audience, more timid now that the song was finished. A loud whistle drew his attention to Balthazar standing in a crowd next to the stage who, like his brother, looked proud of him.
Castiel decided it was better to wait outside. He gathered up his things, put his notebook in his messenger bag and headed to the front. He could hear Gabriel giving directions to some people about where to stand on stage and pausing while they adjusted the lights and confirmed the different stage directions to help things run more smoothly. As Cas moved to the front of the stage Gabe saw him in the corner of his eye and addressed him. “Just a little while longer, Cas. I promise.” He started to turn back to the singers patiently waiting on stage but Cas cleared his throat and kept his brother’s attention.
"I'm going to turn in for the night," Chuck said with a yawn. "Tomorrow I'm on early morning patrol."
Cas’ face fell. That sober look back again instead of the loose, easy going smile. A beat between them felt like the longest stretch of silence ever, even though the music was so loud it was practically vibrating Dean’s insides.
“Gabe is looking for you,” Dean said simply as he turned around and looked out the windshield. When there was no reply from the backseat so he continued, “He’s really worried about you. He just took off with Sam to try to find you.”
Suddenly feeling self conscious, Castiel pulled his hands back and reached to adjust his trench coat, which he realized once again, wasn’t there. He awkwardly dropped his hands, empty of the lapels, into his lap. “What?” he asked, sheepishly.
"You don't have to go so soon. I got the coffee on. We can-"
“I said I’m good. I’m just not sure if Gabriel’s work environment is where God is calling me to be right now.” Dean looked up with noticeable surprise though he tried to mask it.  Castiel shook his head embarrassed for allowing himself to say that much even.  The idea had occurred to the younger Novak that if he hadn’t been so exposed to such impure behaviors that perhaps he wouldn’t be fantasizing about them like he had been recently. He had some of the impure thoughts before arriving here and starting his new life with Gabe, but he pushed those thoughts aside completely choosing to put the blame where he could to try and keep control of what was happening to him.  The other time was obviously a mistake. One that he didn’t want to repeat.
Dean laughed and looked over at Cas who still had a very serious face wondering what he said that Dean thought was so funny. Dean stopped then realizing he was completely serious. “Oh. Um, well that’s kind of the point Cas. The words hit different depending on who you are. Even Robert Plant says that the mean has changed over the years since he wrote the song and the meaning could change just depending on his mood when listening to the song.”
wanted.”
The words came seductively leaving Dean feeling sick as his mouth hung open, horrified. When Cas pulled back, the lazy smile was back in place as if he hadn’t just dropped a bomb in his lap. Cas winked at him before picking up the beer. He took a drink as he left Dean sitting in shock as he headed back to the dance floor.
In another minute they were pulling into a parking lot and from the looks of it, the place was going to be packed.  After getting out, they rounded the building to the front entrance to see a guy and girl waiting for them.  Sam introduced them quickly as Charlie and Andy, and Dean gave a head nod to each through introductions.  Normally he would be checking out any girl in front of him, but was a little distracted as it looked like Andy had basically shown up in pajamas pants and a t-shirt. With full on bed head it looked as thought the guy woke up just in time for the show.  Charlie, whom he had heard Sam mention casually in their long distance conversations, turned out to be a girl not the boy he had envisioned from the topics of conversation Sam brought up previously when he told him that Charlie made him movie marathon all the Star Wars movies in order after finding out he had only seen the newest one in theaters.  It didn't take long for Dean to figure out that she had a mouth on her as she as she waved at Dean during introductions but then started talking about how she went "ham" in a recent raid in World of Warcraft and "took them bitches out." Dean mostly had no idea what she was talking about but found that he liked her right away anyway. As they made their way inside, there was little time for much more conversation since they needed needed to head to their seats for the show.
song.”
how it happened.” Balthazar was sitting in the living room with a glass of whiskey recounting the entire story of what happened between them to Gabriel. Dean happened to need to use the bathroom before bed and when he opened his door heard voices down the hall. He had his back up against the wall of the bedroom with the door cracked enough that he could hear them and listened in on everything.
“Who?” Chuck leaned forward some as he hit the bottle on the opener knocking the cap of with a soft clank.
Dean chewed his cheek completely flustered by Bella’s words.  Usually he was the smooth talker with the ladies but somehow her confidence had their roles reversed.  He didn't mind so much and might have even thought that was intriguing if the exchange hadn't happened in front of Cas. He didn’t want his friend to think less of him somehow because he didn’t mind casual sex. He peeked a glance over at the boy who looked a bit uncomfortable next to him and though Cas didn't say anything about it, he wondered if he were judging him a bit over the whole thing. It wouldn't be the first time a religious person did so and while normally it didn't bother him, because it was Cas, it did. Not knowing what to say to make the situation less awkward, Dean settled with turning on the radio to fill the silence on their drive home.
“Save it.” Dean interrupted and looked back at the water. “I just stopped to stretch my legs. I know my way back to the street and there was a gas station right next to the turn into this place. I’m sure there’s a phone there I can use.” He threw another rock.
… he thought, hostilely...
"Stop it.”
Castiel had seen this before once. It was a couple of weeks after he first arrived at the house.  He had been in his room and heard a loud giggle come from Sam. He had cracked his door and peeked out and watched his brother try to help the much taller boy to the couch where he could sit down.  Sam was so out of it he could hardly walk on his own.  As soon as his brother had him on the couch Sam had grabbed Gabriel and pulled him in for a kiss that he could tell even caught Gabriel by surprise.  While they were still kissing he quietly took a step back into his room and closed the door before he could be discovered, left to process what he saw on his own.
“Is it good?” he asked making a face at the small shot glass with purple liquid in front of them.
Cas smiled genuinely and wrote back “
“We’re almost there.” Castiel rolled his eyes as the babbling went on and on. He had a space on the limo floor where he was stretched out in the middle of dozens of pairs of high heels. All belonging to girls who were drinking champagne and tipsily talking about what their suitor might be like. He was just about to pull out his earpiece and shut Zacharia up completely until he heard the bit about his pay being docked. He piped up quickly into the mic attached to the collar of his shirt, “you
He only hoped that was true.
Dean made a face at the fact that it was in French wondering why he would sing a song nobody understood, but when Dean looked back over at Cas he saw his eyes wide with some shock like the words coming out were completely unexpected.
He stretched a second when he got up before making his way to the kitchen.  He stopped abruptly in the doorway when he noticed Dean was there. He was pouring his coffee looking like he had just rolled out of bed, short hairs finding a way to stick up and still in his flannel pajama pants and black tshirt. He was rubbing his eyes and grunting some as if the world had done him a disservice by allowing him another day when night time and sleep were far superior. Castiel chewed his lip watching him for a moment as Dean took a sip.  Seeming satisfied with the taste, he turned to retreat back the way he came, taking his mug with him.  “Morning, Cas,” Dean grumbled, making Cas heart skip a beat as he hadn’t realized Dean noticed him standing there staring so openly. He hesitated a moment before crossing the kitchen and watching Dean pad barefoot through the living room and back down the hallway to his room leaving his door open behind him.
Gabe rolled his eyes as his head tipped back unable to believe he was having this conversation.  “Of course I’m not trying to force him to come out.  He will when he is ready.  It’s a costume and fits the vibe of the song. I just asked him to try it out.”
Chuck chewed the inside of his cheek some wondering if he should say it. It was so obvious and yet the guy was either completely oblivious to his own feelings or in complete denial of them. “He’s in your heart.” It was as close as he could confirm to the guy without using the word love. He didn’t feel like he knew him well enough to tell the guy that. Even if it was so painfully obvious.
He followed Sam up the stairs and whispered goodnight as the younger boy headed to his own room. Slowly he pushed Dean's door open.
"Yes, master," Castiel answered before Dean stood up and abruptly walked out
“I just mean you're wasting your talents by being so focused on one subject. Try writing a radio hit. Something to dance to. A song that
“Something funny?” He asked loudly over the music and Dean rolled his eyes. It wasn’t enough that he had to deal with Cas... Now some guy who thought he needed to be a hero was going to slow him down.
“What do you want?” Castiel asked pointedly as the silence stretched on longer than Gabe would normally let it.
Castiel sighed and got out of the car.
He had followed his instinct and headed toward the pond that was on the property. It was a spot that he had come to himself on off hours over the past years to get away from the madness for a bit. You couldn’t see it directly from the mansion but when you drove to the property you couldn’t miss it so Winchester had to know it existed. He was just deciding that he would circle the whole thing before heading back in case Winchester strolled to the other side to seclude himself even more in the distance but a loud wet
“As soon as I take Meg home you’re welcome to the limo.” Cas assured her which immediately pepped her up. Her only response was to call a number on her phone. “Jessica? Hey, I’ve got a limo for tonight. I need a date for Jake’s party tonight though. Is your hot cousin still in town.” She walked away, off to make plans of how to make Jake jealous.
“Thank you, Dean. It’s perfect.”
Dean rolled his eyes at the timing and as he pulled the phone out the shop owner finished the transaction that started, the moment now clearly gone.
Castiel said one more parting word to the girls and they all giggled and skipped off.  As Cas watched after them, his gaze followed until his blue eyes landed on Dean who was staring at him.  No longer shuffling the papers in his hand and caught, Dean’s brain panicked.  Somehow on auto pilot his body chose the correct response.
anymore after what happened. But Gabe didn’t know of any newcomer who would switch Chuck on like that after this many months had gone by. It was summer time but more people left to see family than came into the city. Just when he started thinking he might be getting inspiration elsewhere and not from the bar, Chuck interrupted his thoughts.
He worried his lip some. 17 unanswered texts. What was stopping her from telling him to fuck off... Find someone else to deal with his shit… Lose her number…
“It’s okay,” she whispered to Cas. “They won’t know it was you this time. Trust me. And Cas, just… go with it.” She had already handed the music over to Ash back stage which she hoped was already a point in her favor since she did the arrangement digitally and there wasn’t a live band here to back her. Much more like the Friday night shows.  She hadn’t told Castiel a thing because she was pretty sure that his reaction to hearing her perform his own song was some of what got them figured out.  Now that her plan to perform without him was blown, she would just have to find a way to keep Gabe from figuring out she was using his lyrics again.  Of course, as she watched Cas take his seat next to Dean looking at her with confusion this time rather than the built up anxiety and stress he carried last time, she figured she was already throwing the elder Novak off her scent.
He pulled up the navigation on his phone and zoomed into his location before giving it a second to load the names of stores, business, and parks in the area. He would map out the rest of his day now and make the most of it before returning back to the house for dinner.
"Okay, okay." Dean downed the rest of his beer before tossing the can into the garbage. "I’m out of here then. Nothing but me and Baby on the road, all the way to California."
Castiel stared at their hands a moment longer trying to fight back all the things he wanted to say. It was all a jumble in his head; conflicting, confusing and painful. All the things he felt over the past ten years of their lives. Things his father said. Things his father preached. Things Balathazar said. Things Cas wished Balthazar had said. And now, here he was, a pathetic, penniless twenty-two year old, still fighting with his sexuality and absolutely terrified that he was losing his faith in God. “Tu m'as ruiné.”
“Late enough that the breakfast menu has officially become the lunch menu. Hungry?”  Cas sat up in bed and rubbed his eyes before finally looking at his brother who had a comically goofy smile as he watched him.
“Just like we practiced?” Castiel asked, outside of the microphone.
Before he could answer Gabe left the kitchen walking back to Sam’s room with the water, leaving him alone.  He scrubbed his face tiredly before walking back to his room. He hesitated outside of Dean’s doorway and silently vowed to do better. If he were happier and not such a nuisance to everyone then maybe this wouldn’t have happened tonight. And he was making friends now. Meg was his best friend and Dean was caring and considerate in ways that no one else had been. He didn’t press him about his past and seemed to enjoy his company even though he didn’t ever seem to get his references.
Dean was thankful when his little brother had agreed that they could spend the Sunday at the house instead of out and about as they had been nonstop the day before and Charlie even came over with a bunch of DVD’s to start the summer movie list she had promised Dean they would go through while he was in town. While Dean didn’t think much of the boy throughout the day, he would be lying if he said he hadn’t looked to the door a few times when he had heard a car door on the street. It was always a neighbor, never Cas or Gabe, and he would go back to watching the movie without much thought. When they were about to order pizza before starting the third Star Wars movie… yes, Charlie had made him watch the entire original trilogy in one day… Dean finally found a reason to ask.
It was Dean’s turn to give a slight chuckle and nodded to agree. He didn’t know if Gabriel could ever be described as such, but the guy really did seem to be okay. Just as Dean finished off his coffee Gabe appeared in the doorway looking at them suspiciously. “Cassie, Dean-O,” he greeted them noticing just how close they were sitting together as they sipped their coffee. He turned his eyes to the coffee machine deciding not to tease them about it, for Cas’ sake. He popped his lollipop back in his mouth with a smile and headed to the fridge as he began taking out eggs and bacon. “Breakfast anyone?”
Gabrielle didn't answer his phone until the second time Cas called. "What?" he asked annoyed. "You're interrupting the movie I'm watching." Cas rolled his eyes. "I'm going to be sleeping over at Dean Winchester's house." Gabe snorted and his focus immediately turned away from the movie and to the conversation he was having with his little brother. "Pretty big move there, huh kid? Do you have condoms? Oh my god, of course, you don't. Does Dean? Do you need me to bring over condoms?" He was laughing almost hysterically and Cas' blushed brightly as he took a few more steps away from Dean's door worried somehow Dean might overhear.
Dean took a drink of his coffee, watching Cas over the rim of the mug as the boy shifted in his seat before picking up a piece of bacon and nibbling the end and returning it back to the plate. So far Cas hadn’t noticed that Dean was studying him closely.  He could tell that he was avoiding eye contact and conversation but had no clue that the previous night Castiel had prayed for strength to leave Dean Winchester alone.  Every time they were alone recently impure thoughts crept into Cas' mind and after hearing Meg say some of those thoughts out loud… it was like a big “Strike One” in his need to cleanse himself. He had poured over all of the bible verses that reminded him that his thoughts were immoral in an attempt to begin to purify his soul and align himself with God again.  Except literally the morning after, he woke up to Dean Winchester sitting on his bed looking at him with those pretty green eyes that looked pleadingly at him and Castiel found that he was unable to tell the boy no.
The lights didn’t come up on the singer, but instead turned on behind brightly behind him leaving Castiel a silhouette on the stage as he started.  Dean stared wide eyed, in awe once again at what he was hearing.  The styling of course was completely different than last week as Gabriel arranged this song for his brother.  But the lyrics were all Cas and Dean was already pulled in after the first lines. He wasn’t sure if it was nerves but he could tell that Cas was holding back some as if he were afraid to say the words out loud.
A quick trip down the hall and he saw that there wasn’t any made. A quick look around and he wondered if everyone was still asleep. He was about to the shower when he saw the note Sam had left him on the coffee table in the living room.
before turning his own camera on and sending a sleepy selfie back with the words “
“Barely.” Dean admitted. “My brother actually signed me up for this whole thing. I was stupid enough to go along with it because I could tell he was actually
After changing into his pajamas and getting under the covers he pulled out his phone.
Cas nodded slowly. It was hard to believe not long ago he was ready to resign his life to living closeted with his out best friend and thinking that kissing a few times a year would make him happy. Now here he was, crushing on the hottest guy he had ever laid eyes on that, for some reason, wanted to be friends him…
He frowned some before Sam distracted him leaning over and practically shouting to be heard over the music, “Charlie and Andy just got here. I’ll be right back.” Dean said ‘okay’ though he doubted Sam could hear him before slipping out of his seat.
Cas opened his mouth to answer but was interrupted by the waitress who greeted them. “Hey boys, what will it be?”
On the screens, Cas was still talking. “That’s right everyone. Crazy is back. Be afraid okay?” He was going for humor but everyone gawking was far from laughing. “Let’s not all rush to hug me at once…” he continued and turned to address more of his audience. He swore he saw someone actually step back as if he might actually go fucking crazy. “…Jesus.” He whispered to himself as he turned away and headed for the mansion, ready to get away from these fucking people. And it was only day one. With a deep breath he went inside and tried to remember why the fuck he had ever decided to come back.
The five of them settled back into their seats and once they did Dean promptly raised his hand to get a server’s attention and order another drink.  Of course the rest of the show went on and many of the performances were good, but none held a candle to what Cas was able to bring to the table.  He thought for a second about the way he had made the boy blush this morning at the house. As in control as that made him feel, Cas just made his heart pound, gave him goosebumps and literally had him on the edge of his seat all in the span of three minutes just because of his raw fucking talent. But in those three minutes Dean didn’t even care that Cas had that kind of power over him. His heart ached wanting more of that feeling and he absolutely hated that he would have to wait until the following week to get it.
“What are you drinking?” Balthazar asked as the two sat across from each other in the booth.
Be back soon with more!
“You sure you’re okay?” Sam asked Dean as they sat in the booth waiting for the show to start. Ever since they got here he could tell something was bothering him, not that Dean would ever come out and openly admit to as much.  Dean gave him a major bitch face and Sam held up his hands in silent surrender.
would be happening. But he appreciated the words from his older brother. He turned to go but hesitated a second before he turned back around. “Actually… I did want to ask something.” Gabriel waited but Cas was silent trying to find the words as if ranting for so long made him lose the ability to continue.
Castiel looked at it and shook his head slightly, "I shouldn't. I was actually going to head to bed." Another flicker of surprise crossed Dean's face at the deep gravely tone that came out of the guy's mouth. Not what he expected after hearing him sing, but now that he could see him in the light, he thought it matched his slightly tense demeanor.
Inside the room there were sigils drawn on almost every square inch of the walls. A simple glimpse reading them and Castiel knew that touching them would burn the much like the bars of his cell of the showroom did. Inside the room there was only a bed with chains and a small cage etched with the same written wards. Small enough that Cas knew it would be impossible to be imprisoned in it without some part of his being burned.  His face showed no expression when he turned slowly, his eyes once again on Winchester's. "Thank you for the accommodations, Master," he said simply. He had no idea what was expected of him now, and he didn't want to just ask, he would force the human to tell him what kind of work he purchased him for. He walked to the bed and lifted his arms, expecting an exchanging of his current shackles to the ones anchored over the bed.
He was trying to decide what to say next when a more surprising message came through. “
She yelled the last line that she could see loudly as she stood up on the bed raising the notebook higher trying to keep Castiel away.
“Castiel, did you hear me?” The class laughed as Castiel straightened and felt his cheeks warm.  The new kid had a set smile on his face as he watched Cas squirm. “Will you please raise your hand so Balthazar can take the empty seat beside you.”
2 more songs coming up. That one was long. :S
Dean took the beer that Charlie was holding out for him and sat on the couch next to Andy.  "It's so cool to finally meet you. Sam talks about you all the time." Charlie smiled. "I told him you should play WoW with us but he said you are always working."
“Something that a friend does for another? Please, Cassie. Have you ever even watched a RomCom?” Balthazar watched his friend closely. He was thankful that they had gotten over the big fight they had last year. Their friendship had even gone back to normal for the most part. They didn’t have sleepovers still, but Balthazar was having much better sleepovers off and on with a couple of the boys from the soccer team and even some cheerleaders. Castiel knew but was able to carry on normally about it without the judgement of his sexual activities, though it was a conversation that they didn’t go into depth on.
The two pages were filled with random thoughts after he had conversations with Dean… who was sitting
“Crowley,” was the only word Cas grunted out and Gabe chuckled and rolled his eyes.
Gabriel watched as a loop station, keyboard and computer appeared on the stage. At this point his mouth was hanging open dumb founded that he had no clue what was going on with his own workers and on his own stage.
I kissed you and you kissed me back.” Castiel blurted out, almost making Chuck drop a glass while Dean glanced around wondering if anyone overheard.
“More purple nurples!” Andy yelled and Charlie and Sam jumped in practically chanting “More purple nurples! More purple nurples!” as Dean rolled his eyes with a chuckle.
When the bridge finished Meg turned back to the stage completely unfazed by Cas’ reaction.  She was pretty sure that she just saved them because now it looked like Cas was just his uncomfortable self when given too much attention. She caught a few glimpses from the other audience members and she smirked as she continued singing knowing that she had this audition in the bag.
