‘’I don’t think you’re selfish Dean.’’
Luke handed him one seemingly pulling it from nowhere.
‘’Yes Dean?’’
Again
‘’I’m going to kill her, and we’re going to get you out of here Cas.’’
‘’Gabriel stand down.’’
‘’Cas?’’
‘’Dammit.’’ Dean slapped Sam’s shoulder in frustration, Sam didn’t let go, it also didn’t hurt because Dean didn’t have any energy left, and because Dean would never hurt him on purpose.
He put out the headlights and parked the impala quickly.
‘’I sometimes just forget how emotional unstable you become when you don’t know where Cas is.’’
‘’Or?’’
You're so blind. So naive. He rebelled for you, died for you, killed for you, he fell for you Dean. And in more ways than one way. I'm inside your mind Dean, I know you figured it out, you just pushed it down, like everything. You're a machine.''
''They have to heal first anyways, I think we have to fold them.''
‘’Cas? Cas! Buddy don’t do this C’mon..’’
Then Cas felt something, it wasn’t his grace, no, his grace couldn’t heal this kind of wound made by an angelblade, not even with the sigils.
‘’Owh, yeah sorry about that.’’ Chuck snapped his finger and Castiel instantly felt his jaw relax.
God I love this show.
Castiel yelled as the bullet pierced through the flesh on his back.
''You sure about that?''
‘’Wow.’’ Dean said, eyes wide and pupils big.
The Empty switched tones in the last part of that sentence, Dean noticed it did that a lot, going from overly happy to almost growling from anger.
After all the conversation they pushed back for so long, Dean could talk and listen to Cas for eternity.
Castiel wasn’t really all that frustrated with Dean.
‘’We’re not talking about that now.’’ Castiel said through clenched teeth.
Michael frowned.
‘’Wonderful isn’t it, what that holy fire can’t do to you angels. You were completely frozen mere seconds ago and look at you now!’’
When you’re their whole world.’’
‘’What happened to personal space?’’ Cas teased.
‘’No?’’
‘’That’s bullshit, you didn’t want to go back in the warehouse. You were scared.’’
Dean’s voice trembled with anger.
It gets worse before it get better..  A few more chapters and we've reached destination.. happy ending :)
This wasn’t some kind of game, this was Cas’ life they were talking about.
‘’I’m fine.’’
Sam let out a sigh.
She raised the whip above her head and Castiel had to bite his lip not to scream out as it landed on his right wing.
Dean said holding Castiel's bloody face between his hands.
Castiel already knew what it was without looking.
‘’Hi, uhh… I’m a friend of Meg.’’ Castiel decided on as an introduction, offering Dean his hand.
‘’Guys? Can I come in?’’ Jack’s voice was heard trough the door.
Meg didn’t stay mad for long, although she could hold a grudge if you got on her bad side, she’d liked Castiel enough by then to get over it with sarcastic jokes and letting Castiel buy most of her dinner for a few weeks. In the end she got a new old motorcycle from a friend and it had all worked out.
Louise looked between Cas and Dean with a font smile on her face.
Sam helped Castiel sit straight in bed, and started to clean the wounds with the towel dipped in warm water.
Castiel just rolled his eyes and turned his back to Sam and Dean so they could reach the bullethole.
Dean hadn’t noticed before, but now he saw Cas’s real unease at even the mention of God’s name.
Meg shoved his arm off and grinned,
Dean wished he could bring Louise back to life so he could kill the bitch.
''Hey, hey. You're okay, I've got you. We're here. We're going to get you out.''
‘’Dean I.. When I was bad. When I had all those things- The Leviathans riding inside me…
dramatic?’’ He sighed.
‘’Owh I’m sorry. I didn’t know that Cas was reserved for Winchesters. But I liked Cassie more anyways… like you’re a small vulnerable child, or do I need to say small fledgling? ya know.. with those wings and all.’’
Humans were complicated, fragile.
‘’It’s Chuck!’’
He didn't fight the feeling but embraced it, slowly letting himself fade into the darkness.
''The werewolf Garth? I thought he'd retired.''
Castiel really wanted to stick with his plan.
’I told you Gabriel, my head is the only thing that's hurting and it won't stop.
Don't be scared to tell me what you think of the story this far. :)
‘’Go to hell.’’
''Hey? You okay?'' Sam asked.
But either way, he was not in the mood to talk with Dean about it right now.
‘’See ya… Buddy.’’
''Excellent question.'' Castiel knew how a mind work, knew what it looked like. But the resemblance to the empty was big and it send an shiver down his spine. Sam didn't notice it, so Castiel began to explain what they had to do to find Dean.
‘’I don’t need food.’’ Castiel said.
Then he noticed that the not-frozen room wasn’t empty anymore.
He'd never seen it from this angle, nor did he remember walking into that lake. He was glad angels didn't dream, because he would have nightmares about it, he still sees it as the biggest mistakes in his entire live, the entire wall were screens displaying
Suddenly he found himself in a black hall.
‘’So you know that I can really make you scream right now?’’
But the look was wiped off his face as Dean didn’t go the direction Castiel hoped he was going.
Dean placed his hand on Cas's jawline, pulling him closer and deepening the kiss.
So Dean took it on himself to have touched every feather there was on Castiels wings, he seemed to have reached a weak spot when Castiel trew his head back and actually moaned.
I heard a rumour which I did not like. So I decided to come back out of hiding.’’
He’s smoked before with Meg and Luke (but more frequently with Meg) so that was not the problem either, but the assignment was really important, and he
''So you won't leave again?''
‘’And here I was thinking you hate that song.’’
‘’Fuck personal space.’’
‘’No thanks. You drive like a grandma.’’
''Say goodbye to your boyfriend then.''
‘’Alone enough to trust humans more than angels.’’
Castiel actually raised his voice for a second, like he was angry at Dean for asking about it.
Humans don't deserve praise, they are toxic. They destroy, wage wars, murder. I simply want to change that, stop their suffering. I'm not an enemy Castiel. I'm giving you one chance, help me bring peace to this earth once again.''
‘’How much did he drink?’’ She said as she turned to Luke, apparently not trusting Castiel enough to answer her question honestly.
‘’Do we have any clue on what took him?’’ Dean asked.
Hoped you liked reading it as much as I liked writing it.
She smiled and wrote it down.
Which Dean always found kinda strange because emotions and fluffy duffy feelings are Sam’s specialty.
told me they have so many room’s left that they were okay with me not sharing this one with anyone, I didn’t mind, I’m better on my own, and as you can see, I don’t really
‘’Why did you save me Dean?’’ Castiel asked again.
Castiel took Dean’s hand in his and smiled.
Dean coughed.
‘’How?’’
If Castiel didn't know better he'd say things were normal again.
Castiel placed his right wing against Dean’s back and felt Dean relax.
It’s why they all secretly hated him.
Dean opened his mouth a bit and Castiel got the hint, brushing Dean’s tongue slightly with his, before breaking apart.
It didn’t take Dean long to piece two and two together.
‘’Hey! I never got breakfast in bed before, you’ve had enough chances when you were sick and I took care of you ’n shit. Hand me the syrup.’’
''Will we know it when we've found a door?''
Dean swallowed.
''Yes, Castiel?''
‘’One last act for team
‘’I swear to god, adding GPS to his phone was the best decision we’ve ever made.’’
Something that Castiel had knew since the beginning of time.
''Dean, about what Michael said-''
‘’Why won’t you? You’re supposed to be his big saviour. He though you wouldn’t come, you know? Thought it was better anyways. Stupid angel wanted to protect you, always putting himself in front of the Winchesters, bet you find it handy, having a personal attack dog.’’
he said as he sprinkled the holy water on top.
Dean couldn’t find comfort in it now, nor was it pulling him out of hell.
‘’No. I was there, he deserves to know.’’
‘’A small lunchtime snack for the big fish.’’
______
Uriel was in front of Castiel and raising his fist in less than 2 seconds.
Michael walked over to Dean.
‘’You know who resurrected me or you would’ve put that question in front of the other.’’
‘’Cas?’’ Dean was at his side in seconds, taking his hand and guiding him to a chair, he didn’t let go of Cas’ hand once they sat down.
‘’Dean…’’ Cas said his name so much different than seconds ago. There was so much more vulnerability in the way he said it, so many questions.
Because sometimes he felt that he didn’t know Cas
Dean was silent after that.
‘’Nothing’s changed. We’re getting Cas back and we’re beating Chucks ass.’’
‘’Dean! I said no!’’
‘’So what’s the plan then?’’
He wasn’t running on stolen grace, or falling. But he also wasn’t on full power and he had figured out a while back that he needed to sleep every now and then.
chair.’’
‘’Well …are you?’’
Dammit, where the fuck was that stupid remote?
This story has come to an end :(
‘’She kidnapped me from my hotel room. I was searching for her, I though I was prepared. I knew she was going after you and I couldn’t let that happen.’’
His head rolled back and his body went limp in Dean’s arms.
''Hey, it's out. Only one left, You can do this Cas. Just take a deep breath.''
After ordering pancakes at Ash’s and absolutely devouring them, they sneaked back into school and rushed through the empty corridors before ending up at Cas’ door.
Holy fire wasn’t deadly used as fast as this, but it was pain like nothing Castiel had ever experienced, And Zachariah hadn’t even used much force.
They walked further through the hallway and discovered that she’d frozen all kinds of monsters, all wearing some type of costume and looking way too pale.
‘’So you can go back to the Winchesters and die?’’
It was too late anyways. Louise was working on his chains, when he was free she held an angelblade to his chin.
‘’Shut up.’’ Castiel laughed.
‘’Long story short, Dean decided to wake you up while Chuck was still draining you...’’ Gabriel glared at Dean.
He was going to make sure this woman had a long and painful death.
to crash down.’’
‘’You want him to be happy, don’t you? He can stop me. You know he can.
But Castiel couldn’t help it, when he falls he falls quickly.
heavily criticised for most of them.’’
Half an hour later Sam and Castiel we're still sitting before the map table, finally they heard a gasp.
‘’Yeah, It’s one of the reasons I left.’’
Castiel’s voice was so full of hurt.
and happiness, just for you to ignore his little feelings so he can be miserable again?’’
He couldn’t stand not being there to comfort his friend, telling him it was all going to be okay, gathering him in his arms and never letting go.
''Yeah, no. That would be too much luck on one day.'' Sam commented.
Dean huffed.
‘’Why? You don’t like being out of the bunker like this?’’
‘’Gabriel.. You’re alive?’’
Because in Dean’s prayer he was trying so hard to motivate Cas..
When had he become so human?
‘’Dean.’’
But then again, they always care a lot at first, until they get what they want.
He wants to become a lawyer, and help people.’’
‘’Nothin. Just keep driving.’’
‘’What the fuck do you want?’’
(which mostly concist of forcing people to watch it with me, and pulling me up when I was at my lowest and needed something save)
Sam was driving, Castiel sat shotgun, Jack was staring out the window quietly and Michael was laying unconsious in the back of the impala.
Castiel was abruptly shaken from his thoughts by a knock on the door.
‘’How do I ward it?’’
‘’I will send the warding through this connection, now you all need to get ready, I’m afraid this will not be easy.’’
‘’Yes Dean? Can you say it now? When you couldn’t say it to him when he needed to hear it.. Can you say it to me right now?’’
‘’And he’s Cas! You remember him? The guy has always been there for us, and she hasn’t. Yes, I loved her too. And yes of course her death hurts. But Cas is family too.’’
‘’You don’t have to use the fancy words with me Cas, tell me about it.’’
Dean and Sam had still been sitting on the ground in the bunker, Dean had calmed down by now and they had talked about Cas, still without a way to bring him home.
This scared Dean, he let go of Castiel’s hand and got right in the angels face to stop him from looking at the wall.
The Winchesters wouldn’t want him sneaking in Castiel’s head, but it was fine.
‘’About what?’’
Another Dean was walking off the stairs, well- somebody who was wearing Dean was walking off the stairs.
‘’He thought, he could- ne, never have me.’’
‘’Hey! Why are you all so down? We’re just getting started.’’
‘’Depends on what you wanna ask me.’’
(See the end of the chapter for
‘’I, I think so. I’m sorry Cas. I really am, I wished I had another choice, and I know its fucking selfish, but I, I can’t, I just can’t live without you.’’ Dean cupped Cas’ face with his hand as more tears streamed down his face, the angel was snapped back to now at the touch.
‘’He is.’’
‘’If you don’t feel it yet, you’re gonna need a bigger hit.’’
Dean let go of Cas’s hand to shove the chair away, but as soon as he sat down next to Castiel, the angel reached for his hand again.
‘’I don’t give a shit about your stupid deal, you’re full of crap and Cas wants to live.
‘’Not on an empty stomach Sammy.’’
That just made Raphael glare more.
With dean being the little spoon.
You know what. Fine, I’ll bring him back…’’
''I swore to Kelly I would protect Jack, and I... -we couldn't let him die. That would've been wrong, he's still way too young, and I think we sometimes forget that.''
Dean took a shaky breath. ‘’And I saved you because I love you too.’’
And Dean kissed back right away, but not with his normal rush or roughness.
‘’If it were me, I’m afraid I would’ve done the same, and it’s still many years before you will be gone, and when the time comes, I know I will remember everyday I spend with you, and right now I will cherish every moment I get to have with you.’’
Because as he told the brothers, Cas can’t know that Dean loves him back.
Dean was pointing at something next to Castiel.
‘’It’s not important right now. We got him back, that’s all that matters.’’ Dean said.
Castiel put up sigils that would help his grace replenish a little faster, it didn’t do much in the grand scheme of things but it would give him a quick power up if he needed it.
‘’Sam texted me.’’ He said before laying down again next to Cas, who pulled him closer with his wing.
Now was not the time to bring up the deal, he just got Cas back.
''You're forgetting one thing.'' Dean grunted.
Everyone wanted to use those talents, to gain a great fighter, to gain a great spy, create a good teacher-
‘’I can see how that complicates things.’’ Dean said while he started to draw circles on Cas’ hand.
''Owh I will get that yes alright. I'm going to carve it out of you Castiel. He will beg me to stop and hurt his
The door opened with a click, but another sound was also to be heard.
’No but for real, I’d like to get to know you without having to scream my end of the
He pulled a blanket over the two and went to book another room so he could get a few hours in too.
They walked into the dinner, sat down on booth near the window (it’s easier spotting trouble that way) and a waitress came to take their orders.
Cas didn’t want to be saved?
‘’The more I learn about Chuck, the more I realise what an asshole he was.’’
‘’I- It’s celestial- steal.. can’t.. get bullet- out.’’
Cas looked at Dean, and of course Dean had to pull him into his arms.
(See the end of the chapter for
He had snapped his finger and Castiel’s blouse disappeared and the angel was chained to the ceiling, with his toes just barely reaching the ground.
And he should’ve stopped him when he’d walked away.
‘’But you dooo! Did you dance to it with him? It’s a great song to dance to!’’
''I will take Sam back, I don't know where Michael went but I haven't heard anything from Jack, so I'm guessing somewhere far away.''
Two hours later Michael came back and everything got so much worse.
''We're gonna find the spear and end this.''
‘’So do you remember this chair?’’
The essence waved over Castiel again.
‘’You can call me Cas.’’
Gabriel looked at his brother who was slowly trying to get himself to sit up straight in the bed while Dean helped him.
He is writing the story so that when the time comes, Dean will sacrifice himself.
A large pool of blood was right behind Cas (and still getting bigger) and every time he tried to change his posture to have a bit more steadyness, he grunted in pain because of having to use his back.
''You really think your stupid angel-cuffs can contain me?''
‘’After that she put those ridiculous clothes on me. She had planned everything from the beginning, it’s madness. She had already explained to me what she was going to do and why… she wanted to freeze me and make you watch for entirety. Wanted us to realise what we could have but would never reach. Like her and Jim.’’
His back arched, and he screamed until his throat was raw and the energy had slowly backed down again.
— Mmm... No. Okay, just a little. It's a great idea to teleport when we're kissing. Maybe I'll get used to it so soon. I'm a little dizzy, and these ... you know, butterflies in my stomach. Even funny.
— Okay.
— Alright, let's go. But you can't drive like this, don't even think about it!
— You'd better get behind the wheel, Sammy, and try to start the engine.
— Dean! Are you awake?
— Dean! — the angel groaned thickly, arching his back sharply and pressing his hot abdomen against the Winchester's chest, teasing him, bringing his seductively exposed neck to Dean's lips. Unable to resist the temptation, Dean pressed a hungry kiss to the smooth skin, feeling the rapid pulse on his tongue, extatically listening to Castiel's quickening breath . Dean's other hand lay on Cas' firm buttock, pushing him forward to meet his rough hand, which was confidently caressing his hardening cick more and more lustily. With a groan, Castiel pushed himself up, resting his hands on Dean's chest. His fingers clenched and unclenched in time with the quickening rhythmic movements, tracing the magic tattoo on the hunter's chest as Dean's caresses slowed to a gradual stop.
— I asked him not to tell, Dean. We've had so many tough events already. I just didn't want you and Sam to worry also about me.
The angel approached him, gazing intently into his emerald eyes, noticing dark circles beneath them.
"Heat can be overcome by cold," — thought the angel, and still holding the fireball at a distance, he began to lower its temperature, bringing it to cosmic cold. His calculation was correct, the creature was trying to free itself from his invisible grip, but its glow gradually faded until it was completely extinguished, and only a cloud of black ash fell on the burning floor boards.
The wireless headphones that had been tossed carelessly on the bedspread earlier slid to the floor unnoticed.
— Dean, even if you kissed me under the influence of the magic side effect, — Cas began, his voice quivering with excitement, — I wouldn't have a right to be offended. After all, you gave me new wings — something I couldn't even dream of. So if you're sure you made a mistake and you feel nothing but shame, we'll forget it as a minor incident and never think about it again. Over time, the awkwardness will ease, and everything will be the same between us.
— Yes, it's possible to say so, — Cas agreed gloomily. — There are very few Angels left, and Heaven are held, not even "on a wing and a prayer". It's terrible to imagine what might happen if their power runs out and Heaven just collapses. Billions of lost souls will be scattered across the Earth…
Again a soft smile graced her sweet face, and she beckoned the three men into the kitchen.
— Sure, Dean. I'm going after Sam, everything's going to be fine, — he said in a firm voice and stood up, taking a step back.
— Hey, Cas! — the Winchester ran his fingers through his hair, ruffling the blond crew cut even more. — You... come in, don't stand in the doorway.
— I have to tell you this, Dean. I want you to know. You appeared in my life not by my will, out of the the blue, like a natural disaster, and turned the entire usual order of things in my world upside down. Because of you, I gave up everything that was dear to me, everything that I believed in and followed implicitly. Because of you, I've changed and become who I am now. Although it was often hard, scary and bitter, and sometimes I doubted that I made the right choice to leave my past for you, I always came back and will come back no matter what happens. I love you, Dean.
The beauty of this world has always fascinated the angel, and each creation of his Heavenly Father caused him a genuine admiration for the boundless imagination and thoroughness of realization. Take, for example, these orange-red leaves, whizzing past in a whimsical dance, falling softly on the cooling ground and covering it with a soft rustling cover. The perfection of the form, the wisdom of the idea, all resemble each other, and each of them is unique in its own way, not like the other leaves, even those that fall from the same tree. Although the same can be said about the main creation of God, about human — a creation that in its splendor and intricacy was many times greater than any work of the artist who had long left his studio, not forgetting to leave an order to the angels to honor and protect his main creation.
— Dean... — the angel's blue eyes pierced the Winchester almost tangibly, and Dean flinched as he met them. — What did you do? How did you manage…
— Cas, hurry! Trust me! Sammy's life is a matter of seconds! Please!
— I found my fallen star, — the man said admiringly, without taking his eyes off Matariel. — And she stayed with me.
— You... don't ever do that again, Cas, okay? — his voice was hollow. – Don't. Please.
Putting his hand to Dean's chest, the angel paused for a moment. He trusted Dean. He had long been ready to follow him anywhere, even to the most damned lair, which he had done when they first met in the grim depths of Hell, when he did not yet know who he was saving or how quickly his life would change. Castiel had pulled Dean Winchester's soul out of the underworld, out of darkness, pain, and madness, into the light of salvation, and into a life that would change the fate of the world. At least that was all he knew then.
— Not really, Dean. I wasn't joking, it just didn't work out. It was too late... He was dead before any of us could make the first move. In short — something like that, and it's probably enough.
— Wait, — the hunter said suspiciously, raising an anxious gaze to the angel. — I didn't tell you his name!
— Sam! Sammy!!!
The roar of flames and the crash of collapsing wooden floors were heard the phone. Terrified, Dean was already shouting into the phone, barely looking at the road ahead:
— We've had two archangels in our hideout, — Dean commented enthusiastically, scanning the space available to the eye, pushing furniture aside and peering into less accessible corners along the way. — Why don't we start by looking here, because there's a good chance, — he grunted as he pushed back the sofa in the living room, — that there's something here, — and then he was on all fours checking the floor under the chair, — lying around…
— We've been waiting for this, — Ogden explained. — I told Mattie she probably should go back, but she wouldn't listen.
— I fixed your wings, Cas, — Dean said with a satisfied smile, which seemed drunken . — I can see them, and I think they're pretty..."
After thanking her for the dinner, the Winchesters got up from the comfortable light-wood chairs, Matariel waved a hand, and all the plates, forks, and knives on the table disappeared, ending up in the cupboard, consideringing a short ding-dong that came from there. There was no doubt all the used kitchen utensils were perfectly clean.
— Wow, this is a great dream! — Sam raised his eyebrows and grinned.
— No, no, you don't! Dean objected quickly. Sure enough, the clothes he hadn't taken off himself were stacked neatly on the nightstand. — Hmm, that's a nice trick!
Matariel took the branch of flowers from the vase, without fear of being burned, because it was not at all dangerous for her, broke it into pieces with a few movements, and threw it into another bowl, larger than the first, taken from a nearby cupboard. Shaking her fingers to free them from the poisonous oils of the bush, she stood next to her husband.
An exasperated sigh was Dean's reply, and again there was silence in the autumn air.
Flipping the switch, Sam returned to the well-won bed and soon felt the encircling embrace of sleep. Not for long, though — Dean's whisper came from the armchair:
Pulling back slightly, Dean put his hot hands on the angel's shoulders and stared into his brilliant eyes, sparkling like precious sapphires. With a slight smile, Cas gently stroked the short, soft hair at the back of the hunter's head, and that smile seemed both happy and sad to Dean.
— Yes, Dean, it's very beautiful, — Castiel agreed. — The view from here is amazing.
— I kind of have it, and don't worry, — the host said, gesturing sincerely toward the kitchen.
Focusing all his attention on his right hand, directing his grace to the tips of his fingers, Castiel touched Dean's clothing first, and the fabric parted almost imperceptibly. Then the warm, slightly damp skin and taut muscles beneath it gave way, and Dean groaned through his clenched teeth. Bright white light spilled out from under the angel's fingers, and Cas could hear the layers of flesh and energy parting with a ringing sound like a scream to let him pass. It was necessary to penetrate deeper not only into the physical body of Dean, but also into the layers of finer, ethereal matter that protect the innermost essence of human nature. Cas carefully sank his hand almost to the middle of his palm, while Dean breathed quickly and shallowly through his open mouth, doing his best not to move. His perspiring face, tilted up to the sky, expressed such an inhuman agony and struggle not to allow himself to try to dodge the pain that Castiel had to close his eyes as he couldn't stand the sight. But he could still hear Dean's scream, and he focused all his will to continue. It wouldn't be long before he could do what Dean had asked of him. Another inch deep into Dean's chest and only one layer of vibrating subtle energy, and the angel's grace will touch the quintessence of this perfect human being, defenseless now in his trust, open to him completely and unconditionally, for whatever it is necessary, no matter how much pain it takes to endure... Just another torturous moment…
— Cas, look... — he said in a hushed voice, — maybe this is just my thought, but if... if that kiss offended you, if it made you feel, you know... uncomfortable, I'm ready to apologize, and we'll try to forget that stupid incident, — looking up for a moment, Dean made sure that the angel was listening carefully, and hurriedly continued: — I don't want to ruin our relationship, so... I'm sorry. I should've kept my temper, but this Enochian magic made me act like a jumpy wasted schoolgirl! I'm... very ashamed of my behavior. I promise, Cas, I swear it won't happen...
— Come on, Cas! I know you'll be careful, but faster!
“Yeah, you haven’t told me anything about it. I meant to ask you, but, you know, didn’t wanna push you.”
He only slept for a few hours, then he woke up again in the middle of the night. The candles were completely burnt down by now, yet the bedside lamp still donated its yellowish faint light. Castiel was fast asleep, snoring lightly. It made Dean smile. He forced himself to stay awake, knew he had to be gone by the early morning. The last thing he needed was a lengthy, teary goodbye from Castiel when he woke – he wouldn’t be able to see the man he loved in so much pain, pain he had afflicted on him. So he decided it would save them both pain if he just left quietly before Castiel noticed. For at least an hour, he stared at the ceiling, sensing the weight of Castiel in his arm, his head pillowed on his chest, and told himself he had to go.
. Their worst apprehensions came true when a slender redhead, completely dressed in black, exited the car. Anna. Her eyes scanned the café and the customers as if she was looking for Dean and his comrades. Behind her, Raphael and Michael appeared, also dressed in black, like fatal emerging shadows.
"The caged bird sings with a fearful trill of things unknown, but longed for still, and his tune is heard on the distant hill, for the caged bird sings of freedom," he recited, feeling Castiel stiffen behind him. Dean wondered if he had said something wrong, if he had gone too far.
“I don’t drive that fast, to be honest. Michael persuaded me into buying it. Whatever, hop in.”
Dean scoffed and averted his eyes.
"He's not a doctor, he's a physiotherapist," Dean corrected Sam in a know-it-all manner, nudging Sam's shoulder back briskly. Sam laughed briefly, then he leaned backwards and lay down on Dean's bed while Dean sat next to him. He watched Sam getting comfortable, granting him the lovely mattress for a few
“You know, when you came home today, and I saw all that blood on you…”, Castiel said pensively, “I really had palpitations. You scared the hell out of me.”
"She believes everyone finds his or her other half at some point, and I always told her I don't believe in that crap, with soulmates, true love, blah, blah, blah", Dean said, and his mouth twitched and formed a smirk.
When Dean stepped outside, he was blinded by the glaring bright light of the day. After the darkness within the church, the whiteness almost ached in his eyes. He was panting, felt a heavy tightness in his chest, as if someone was sitting on top of his lungs. The contours around him faded to some degree, he felt dizzy. He was a nervous wreck as he started walking up and down the little place in front of the church, waiting for Castiel. Why had he decided to come here, to honestly attempt praying to Lisa? It had only made things worse – to be so close to her again, it had all seemed so real, as if she had been
„Thank you,” Castiel said quietly and pressed Dean one more time. Then he carefully untangled himself from Dean, giving Dean a coy, lopsided smile when he looked up into his eyes shyly. Dean couldn’t help himself. He jokingly shoved Castiel’s shoulder and grinned from ear to ear, hiding how moved he was by Castiel’s physical closeness.
“Yeah, it just so happens that I will move in two weeks, so, I might be on track for it…”, he chuckled. Then he contemplated the situation for a moment, wondered what was going through his little brother’s head.
"I drive everywhere, absolutely everywhere. You wouldn't bring my ass into another plane, not for a million bucks."
Castiel contemplated it for a second, then he told Dean the location where he was.
Cas… He held him tighter in his arm and pulled him a little closer to his side. They must have fallen asleep. Dean yawned heartily. He realized how cold it had gotten out here in the meadows, it was chilly and damp – the temperature drop must have woken him up. They better went inside under a warm blanket, he thought, or they might catch a cold.
Take care!
, he thought to himself with a sardonic smile. He had taken the risk, he had opened up to Castiel, he had given him his all… and still, here he was, suffering and feeling like a fool. And yet, if he had a second chance to relive everything, he would do it all over again in a heartbeat. He was in love with Castiel, and he never wanted to miss the last weeks with him. And he wanted Cas to be alright, wanted that he could heal from the afflictions Aaron had caused. He hoped Castiel was okay, wherever he was now… But what Dean hadn’t considered in his calculations and his consideration for others was this: His well-being, and what
A cold-hearted anger flared within him and made him blind with frustration, as he drove to work. He bit his bottom lip with irritation while he thought about the last weekend's occurrences. Apparently, Dean didn't want anything to do with him, and he seemed perfectly fine with his decision; maybe Castiel had been wrong all this time, too, because Dean didn't seem to miss him with the same intensity. After all, he had accused Castiel wrongfully, and he had disregarded Castiel's attempts to resolve the misunderstanding, not paying heed to Castiel's own feelings for a second. Of course, a part of Castiel's soft heart conceded to Dean that he had been enraged about his own situation, and he couldn't help to feel sympathetic towards this – but the bitter half of him made him remember his collapse that night. How he had gotten royally drunk, how he had fallen asleep in the rain and the mud in front of Anna's grave, alone with his heartbreak, unsheltered from the storm. Where had Dean been at that time? Why had he even put him into this misery in the first place? Obviously he didn't care about Castiel a tiny bit, and though Castiel still ached terribly, and though he dearly wished to rip his heart out and die secretly like a wounded animal in some corner – he didn't find the strength within himself to deal with his emotions or with one thought about Dean. So he did what he could best - distracting himself with disgusting amounts of work.
He steered the Impala masterfully to the motel's parking lot, switching off the motor. Just when he woke up Sam, who grunted in protest, Dean noticed Castiel's car parking next to his. They stumbled into Sam's motel room then, Sam plopping down on a chair, Castiel taking a seat on the single bed. Dean comprehended quickly that none of them was fit to fetch the stuff they needed, so he rummaged through Sam's bag, knowing where his brother usually kept their first aid box. He heard Sam screwing open a bottle of whiskey and gulping the alcohol down greedily. Dean's eyes shot up from where he was crouching, his brows pulled together in disbelief.
“Back then, I accepted their rules and plans for me, because I believed I could never find someone who truly loved me for myself. You must understand, at that point of my life, that was my experience in regards to love: That the people I had been with were only ever interested in my family’s riches, or my family’s reputation and fame. I’ve never met someone who didn’t care about all that, who could see past all that… who could only see me for myself… until I’ve met you.”
Castiel reacted extremely fast when he heard Dean's heaving, panicked breaths: He framed Dean's face with both his hands and pressed their foreheads harder together. It soothed Dean to a certain extent, his breaths became shallower, slower. How unlike him to fall apart so easily... Castiel's hands and his reassuring nearness were the only things that kept him in the here and now. With closed lids, he listened to Castiel's calm breaths, he concentrated on his fingers stroking his temples and massaging his scalp lovingly.
, Castiel looked even hotter with wet hair…), and they exchanged soft smiles before Dean disappeared and closed the door behind himself.
minutes, as he knew Sam must have only slept on disgusting, inconvenient motel beds recently. Dean took a deep breath and let his eyes skitter through the room, attempting to calm himself and to avoid romantic, sappy descriptions, that would make them both cringe with uneasiness.
Crickets were chirping in the fields and shrubberies, the evening's wind fanned through their hair gently. Castiel
This night, they made love in Castiel's bed over and over again. Dean worshiped Castiel's body laid out underneath him extensively, making sure the other came hard and multiple times, while Dean accompanied him through every of his intense orgasms. When their sweat-soaked bodies rocked together, Dean was downright mesmerized with the beauty writhing and moaning in the sheets, lolling and tensing in all the right ways. It still fascinated Dean that he was the one giving Castiel these feelings, forcing him to lose control and give in to nothing but a sensual frenzy. At some point, they were dozing off, Dean lying heavily on top of Castiel – their legs were entangled, their bodily fluids intermingled intimately. Dean fell asleep to the cozy feeling of Castiel's warm palms skimming over his back gently, reminding him of safety and wonderful contentment.
"Look at you, baby,... so beautiful, Cas... so willing", Dean rasped with a hoarse, breathless voice, and it produced an affectionate, consuming warmth inside of the older man. He was cursing inwardly, as he understood, he was trusting Dean wholly once more, he couldn't help it. Though his lover had broken his heart, he couldn't stay away, he needed Dean, he needed all of him, and if he had a second chance, he would do it all over again. His half-closed eyes were fixed on Dean's, and he saw such a consuming fire burning in Dean's eyes as they regarded Castiel in his most intimate, opened presentation, struggling with his own breaths as his hot orgasm was approaching him – two of Dean's fingers were working inside of him now, and they fucked Castiel thoroughly and deeply, while Dean bit his bottom lip sensually, and Castiel knew, he always wanted to see Dean looking at him like that. As if he was important, as if he mattered. His heart shattered into millions of pieces as he sensed how hard he had fallen for Dean, and that he never wanted to leave him again, even if it was going to kill him. He smiled a little bit, as Dean massaged his sweat spot slowly, and as he saw how attentively Dean was watching him losing it.
All at once, the doorbell shrilly rang and startled them. Bobby descended the stairs, and Dean followed a few steps. In the middle of the stairs, he stopped, suddenly uncertain if he should join Bobby or give him and Castiel some privacy and space. Bobby opened the door, and even though Dean couldn’t see Castiel, he saw the appalled expression on Bobby’s face, how he sucked in a shocked breath.
And remember, this may be a darker chapter, but everything will be fine, I promise! :)
“Hey, can I ask you something?” he asked.
“Oh, Dean, I’m right in the middle of something. Just thirty more pages and I’m done. Can’t it wait?”
"It's all because of you, Cas", he pants, his voice raspy and dark, a small, humourless smile on his lips. He spreads his thighs further, working another finger inside his hole gently, a shaky low moan leaving his swollen lips. Dean's sweating and wincing whenever he fucks himself with his fingers, meeting them with steady rolls of his hips. Castiel's smile appears in his mind's eye, his tousled head; Dean remembers the feel of his coat underneath his fingers, how good his company and nearness had been, his warmth entering his mind. Dean already misses him and wishes he comes back. He prays to Cas he would come back.
“Dean?” Cas finally picked up his phone. Dean smiled happily when he heard his partner at the other end of the line. He sat in the parked Impala, right in the street where Castiel lived. It was early evening, and people were scurrying busily to and fro, keen on getting home from their long workday. Dean contemplated the hectic life within this downtown district, rather annoyed by the ongoing noisiness of traffic, chattering, swift footfalls…
They killed the time of the remaining day with playing cards and bad television, intermingled with conversations about Sam's plans for his oncoming solo-hunt. Dean couldn't help but give Sam unnecessary lectures about what to keep in mind, how to check the tire pressure of the Impala, and so on and on, until Sam smacked his head and told him to shut up. Though it was only late afternoon, Dean felt tired at some point, and his calf started to throb again with indistinct pain. He couldn't even argue, when he noticed his eyes became heavy and that he started falling asleep, and Sam told him he'd be back tomorrow morning.
The security guys checked the content of Bobby’s bag with a doubtful long look, but then they let him pass. Bobby gave Dean a triumphant grin and bumped his shoulder with his. Then they walked over to the digital information board – it listed the hearings of this day, in which room they would take place, and who would be the judge, prosecutor, and defender. Dean was impressed with the modern standard and the professional organization of this place. They easily found the room number of Castiel’s current hearing and started on their way.
Author's note: This was supposed to be a -!short!- ficlet, but I lost the ability to make anything short. Hahah. Sobs. Oh, you know. Just something I wrote one whole day long. If you haven't seen the incredibly cute advertisement of Duracell, you totally should! It's here on YT /watch?v=-mQZqKLiMIg it was so cute, I almost cried. And a certain someone (myself) wrote on tumblr "Wouldn't it be cute when your OTP met like this for the first time? And had to hold hands?" Yeah... That certain someone wrote this ficlet now. Despicable me 8D
“You’re an idiot, you know that?”
"We have to do something about that devil's gate. I mean, we can't just leave it there like that. Bobby said if it's broken or unsealed in any way, more and more demons can access our world. Remember that black smoke? That was a demon slowly manifesting! I suggest we drive there and, I don't know, try to keep the epidemic at bay. Maybe we can dig or burn a devil's trap into the ground around the gate and force the demons to stay inside until we find a better solution. It won't stop them from escaping hell, but at least they would be out there in no-man's-land without causing trouble," Sam thought aloud, meeting Dean's pensive eyes in the end.
He and Castiel had phoned around six, and Castiel had sounded drained, admitting that it wasn't so easy to clear out his apartment and burn all bridges behind him. He told Dean he had already given notice to his landlord to quit the residence, and his landlord had been accommodating, offering Castiel to pay only one more monthly rent instead of the usual three. Dean was impressed when Castiel listed all the contracts he had terminated within a few hours – he tended to forget "normal" people always had a bunch of liabilities. He only had his cellphone, which he frequently changed, and his car – and even the auto insurance was faked. Castiel and he agreed on meeting around eight, thus giving Castiel more time to sort his things out.
“Tell me,” he whispered, making Dean’s heart skip a beat. There was a roaring in his ears, the droning of his boiling blood as he jerked himself with more force, gripping his dick tighter and tighter. He was kneeling on the bed, but about to lose his balance, his senses were so on edge, hyper-stimulated. Before he could stop himself, words gushed forth, moaned and murmured into the oncoming night, interrupted by high-pitched sighs and moans from Cas. Dean kept staring at the screen, how his words affected Cas.
, Dean Winchester. You won’t leave me alone with all this crap! First of all, I’ve been looking forward to seeing you again, son, you know that damn well. So, you can stay for the time we’ve planned for you to stay. Second of all, you and Castiel are kind of at the same age; well, you’re a year older, but you get my drift. I think it’s easier for you to connect with him age-wise… and also from a professional perspective, considering your line of work, maybe you can talk some sense into him. I think you put together by now that his stupid ass of a boyfriend decorated his face like that. He wouldn’t listen to me when I encouraged him last night to dump him…”
„I brought you your favorite peanut butter, Dean. The crunchy one, with the little peanut wearing a cowboy hat,“ Castiel said with laughter as clear as a bell, and turned around to Dean, waving the jar of peanut butter in one hand. Bobby watched them, how Dean’s eyes lit up and how he looked at Castiel as if the guy had hung the moon for him. Damn it, Bobby thought astonished, Dean Winchester had really fallen head over heels in love with Castiel.
No need to say that Dean was very unwilling to agree to Sam's suggestion.
„It’s okay, Dean. To be honest… I was holding on to an illusion, to a pipe dream,” Castiel said. Dean’s eyes quickly darted off to the other man, and he detected grimness on his features as Castiel kept on walking and stared out into the night ahead.
"That was one of my mother's favourite poems. I think it remembered her of her disease, and that she was caged due to it," Castiel explained, and Dean felt all types of uncomfortable for bringing it up because it had reminded him of Castiel.
“Man, I hate getting a new partner assigned,” he pointed out and gave Dean a dark look, which made Dean smirk.
The dumbstruck countenance he received for saying this would have made Dean laugh at any other occasion. Now it unsettled him, and he wasn't sure it was exactly what Castiel wanted as well. Castiel blinked a few times, standing idly there and seeming nothing but petrified. It wasn't the reaction Dean had hoped for, but then again, he hadn't had any idea how he had wanted Castiel to react in the first place. Since Dean was a man who faced his fears and who didn't get easily discouraged, he decided to allure Castiel – he'd be damned if he couldn't seduce him, at least a tiny bit until he found his tongue again.
„Don’t worry, it’s more or less just tons of veggies and long-lasting grains and so on. Sit down and drink your coffee, I’ll do the unpacking. You deserve some rest, Bobby,” Castiel said. Bobby was confused. Had he gotten old? Why were the two of them treating him like a tottery old man all the time? Not that he didn’t enjoy being indulged for a change; that hadn’t happened ever since Karen had died. So, with a sigh, he sat down again and sullenly beheld Castiel doing all the work. Once they started mashing up all his meals and made him wear diapers, he would complain, but until then, he was good.
They were driving towards a woodland, which seemed familiar to Castiel, because it was close to the nature reserve he always jogged through. The sun was slowly but surely setting, coloring the cornfields with a lush yellow light, and Dean's eyes were gleaming like emeralds whenever a sun's ray touched his face, illuminating his beauty in an enticing manner, and Castiel struggled to drive and keep them alive at the same time. They stopped on a farm road, at the edge of a broad-leaf forest. Dusky twilight was springing from tree to tree, and when Castiel got out of the car, Dean walked towards him with a conspiring glance, taking Castiel's hand wordlessly in his.
“What am I supposed to do then? It’s not like I can sit here all day and… I don’t know,
His lover seemed to understand he was about to break, about to be pushed over the edge. Dean was given a brief moment to breathe and to rest, collecting his last brain cells unsuccessfully, as Cas opened the condom impatiently, rolled it over his dick, and lubed it generously. Dean felt breathless, as if under a charm, as he looked up into Cas’ eyes, pained sensuality was written all over his face, his mouth slightly agape – then his hands seized Dean’s thighs and hoisted them up. Dean sensed Cas, touching his entrance, halting for a moment, as he regarded Dean with a mystic smile, nothing but devotion and love making his deep blue eyes gleam. Dean wanted to say all the things resting on the tip of his tongue at this moment, wanted to confess all of his love to Cas, but found he was simply dumbstruck with desire.
For a moment, Dean was just sitting there, staring into nothing, as the fear overtook him, brutally stamping down all the good sensations he had just felt. They all vanished into thin air. Castiel’s hands on his shoulders stopped moving, Cas just let them rest there. Dean felt their weight, somehow making him come down to earth again. Castiel was searching for his eyes, making him look at him as he tilted his head.
"I think it's time for you to prove you can untwist the huge knots in my back. Otherwise you have no worth," Castiel stated nonchalantly. His serious mask baffled Dean, he felt his own mouth opening up to a startled "Ohh" - thereupon Castiel just chuckled lightly and fell flat on his tummy, utterly unperturbed by Dean's stupid reaction. Dean turned as red as a beetroot, angry with himself for falling so easily for Castiel's dumb quips. Nevertheless, he complied to Castiel's wish and opened the tube with a creaking sound of the cap. The pervasive scent was bewitching, Dean sniffed at the massage oil appreciatively, letting out a delighted hum.
strict, she beat my fingers with a wooden ruler if I played something wrong. I can assure you, I won’t do that, I’m a patient teacher.”
“Thank you, Dean. I take it as a compliment,” he laughed. Dean watched him open the passenger door, about to go.
See chapter 40 for notes! I'd love to read your reviews, thoughts, opinions, as always x3
"Yeah, she kind of ditched me when I had to walk around with a plaster cast for weeks. Fell for that huge badass football player, who was older and taller," Castiel admitted with a low chuckle, his eyes luminous with the memories of bygone days sweeping through his mind. Dean's cheeks hurt from grinning and laughing all the time. In addition, his body was exhausted due to the strenuous exercises they had somehow managed to finish while talking.
A lump of bittersweet pain was forming in Dean’s throat, strangled him. A million words were resting on the tip of his tongue, so many things he wanted to tell Castiel. But all he could do was fight against the strife of his mind and heart, all he could do was trying to keep it together and not despair. Castiel was right. Dean knew this. Nevertheless, he couldn’t make himself care, not when he regarded Castiel right now, who looked so handsome and gorgeous, whose being seemed to radiate with nothing but fondness for Dean.
“Good to see you, too," he panted strenuously, and Bobby let go of him, grinning. They examined one another attentively. Bobby looked the same as always, an elderly chap with intelligent blue eyes, which bore a wisdom Dean was envious of, and here and there some wrinkles in a face of someone, who enjoyed a good laugh every once in a while. Fleetingly Dean thought Bobby was more or less of the same age his father would have been now. He quickly shoved these glum thoughts aside, knowing perfectly well where they would lead him to.
When their kiss came to an end, Castiel was all breathless – Dean couldn't help but smile once he detected the rosy blush tinting he dark-haired man's cheeks. He looked so ethereal, it was hard not to look at him every hour of the day.
"Sit down, and I'll get everything", he ordered and Castiel sighed amused, wiping a tear of laughter out of the corner of his eye. He complied and sat down at the table, glancing around Dean's living room. Dean rushed in and out several times, bringing plates with food, and soon the table was crooking underneath the weight of the dishes: steaming bowls with rice, a yellow-milky fish curry, something that looked like a stew with lots of vegetables and roasted chicken, and Castiel laughed again when he detected traces of pine nuts, and, at long last, a bowl with mixed salad and French rolls. Then, of course, there was also dessert: a red fruit custard, small cakes and chocolate fruits. Castiel was already stuffed from looking at those ridiculous amounts of food - it would've been enough to feed a whole football team!
Thoughtlessly he reached for his cell phone and called Sam, his eyes never leaving the monster a few feet away. Sam answered the phone, sounding drowsy, as if Dean had rudely awoken him. "Dean?" he asked confused, groaning sleepily. Dean clutched the phone tighter, gritting his teeth.
Not every night, but nearly every second night, either Dean or Cas stole away to the other in the early evening to spend some time together. Sometimes they slept at the other’s apartment, which usually led to hectic, rushed mornings the following day, when the other had to get to work and fetch his stuff beforehand at their apartment. And sometimes, they walked the other home in the middle of the night, stealing heated goodbye kisses again and again at the doorstep, as if their bodies refused to separate from one another.
"Why is the ocean blue?"
At that moment, Castiel finally found the courage to walk into the kitchen with Bobby in tow, awkwardly waving at Sam and Jessica with a nervous “Hi”. Sam obviously detected his uneasiness, for he reacted with immense kindness and a welcoming attitude – he walked up to Cas and placed an easygoing hand on his shoulder, beheld him with a friendly smile.
“Buon appetito," Bobby grumbled, sticking his spoon into the stew grumpily.
Dean had to strain his ears to catch Castiel’s answer because it nearly was a whisper, it was so faint.
All he could see and concentrate on was Castiel. The rotating overhead lights illuminated Castiel’s baby-blue button-down shirt, and the light reflected in Castiel’s eyes and made them glow brightly. Dean snaked his forefinger and thumb under one of Castiel’s dark-gray suspenders, so that he could feel his hips moving under his fingertips even better, raw lust pulsating in his crotch. He watched the effect it had on Castiel, how the other man’s eyes darkened and his breathing stumbled somewhat. Dean let his fingernails delve into the pliant flesh a little, urging himself not to grab Castiel’s hip tightly and pull him close against him. He was suffused with a terrible need for the other man, wanted to devour him right there. It didn’t exactly help him that Castiel’s eyes traveled to his lips repeatedly, perhaps hungering for a kiss just like Dean… or that Castiel’s thumb drew small circles on his back again and again, sending electric, tickling waves up and down Dean’s spine.
"Well, if you're into cars – I have a great car, my baby", Dean chuckled, and the vibe quickly became cheerful and animated. Dean enthusiastically told Castiel about his Impala with twinkling eyes, and Castiel's confused quizzical look seemed to upset the younger man so much that he scolded Castiel for his ignorance in a taunting manner. Dean explained Castiel a few details about the Impala and described her appearance to him, and although Castiel had no clue about cars, he gladly listened to Dean's monologue, because he was so passionate about the topic that it was quickly becoming interesting.
Castiel knew it was probably one of the ten dumbest things he had ever done in his life, and he was already starting to regret this. It was still a miracle to him how his colleague Gabe had managed to make him say yes, but here he was, slightly drunk, next to him on a bar-stool. In a damn
“Anna.”
“Do you want me to arrest myself?” Dean chuckled. Cas sighed dramatically.
When he reached the porch, his boots blustered loudly on the planks. His hopes dwindled when he found the porch empty, when he realized nobody was there. He had been so damn certain he would find Cas here… What was he supposed to do now? Dean turned around, ran a nervous hand through his hair.
“It’s okay, Cas,” he whispered, smiled hesitantly to reassure him. Then his lids were closing, too heavy suddenly, fraught with lust.
"See, this is something I don't get. If you're brother is leading such a normal life, why are you even here? I mean, don't you have the opportunity to do the same?", he asked, hoping he hadn't crossed an invisible line between them. Dean's eyes widened at Castiel's question, clearly taken aback, but one second later he had composed himself again, and a melancholic smile touched his kissable red lips. The life in his eyes appeared dull and deadened, and his glance seemed unfocussed when he apparently remembered certain events.
„Well, life is boring and we needed a little distraction. Also, Dean really wanted to see you in action, don’t ask me why.”
Things evolved rapidly then – before Dean knew it, one of his hands had fisted the lapels of Castiel's gown and pulled him nearer, his other fingers dug vehemently into Castiel's clothed shoulder. Castiel's warm slender fingers went stray in Dean's slightly overgrown hair, tugging at it forcefully to slam their skulls together; their foreheads touched, and whenever they stopped kissing to regain some breath, they stayed in this position, keeping as much of the proximity as possible. They were making out, and it was wonderful – calming and exciting at the same time. It took Dean's mind off things, and he wished it could always be so easy to lose himself in another person. Dean felt giddy after a while, he was inebriated with Castiel's kisses, his sweet, benign caresses. He hungered for more, but yet, this was already enough. It was unbelievably satisfying to forget himself and his complicated life in Castiel's warmth, his onslaught on Dean's lips, the shaking exhales, which filled the room. Finally they let go and Castiel stood up with a coy grin. Dean recognized Castiel's lips were deep red and swollen, they looked fuller and even more tempting and he groaned quietly as he realized he was to blame for the state of those kissable, adorable lips. He missed them already, his own lips vibrated with the aftershocks of Castiel's wild kisses.
He let his hand sift through his dark ruffled hair while giddiness prickled down his entire spine. He took a deep breath when a funny feeling made his hair stand on end – there he saw them again, in his mind's eye, as clear as a mountain lake and as bright as the sun, the clear green eyes, the soft cheeky smile... Absentmindedly Castiel let his hand glide to his neck, where he had been kissed last night, where teeth had scraped over his skin. He shuddered excitedly, feeling his chest tense up as he remembered the fine structure of those perfect lips touching his skin ever so lightly and teasingly.
"You whole body seems uptight. I sense you probably drive a lot, am I right? Your shoulders are completely stiff, we'll have to work on that", Castiel mumbled musingly, making Dean cringe. Was it so easy to read him?
A loud blast cut through the air. Dean stopped dead in his tracks. The shock made all of them big-eyed. Benny and Anna were standing close to one another. She looked up into his face, seized with remorse, and Benny smiled down at her, but it was a smile full of wrath.
Dean walked through the early morning streets. There were barely any people on their way. The sun had just gone up, and the air was still clean, not polluted by the traffic which would soon arise. Dean breathed in the fresh air greedily, felt it soothe him. He tried not to think of what would happen next to him. Tried to blind it all out until he had to deal with it. And yet, his heart was about to combust with burning ache.
“Throw away all I taught you? Castiel, you surprise me. What did I teach you all these past years? God is compassionate, God is loving, and we humans spread his love through giving and receiving love, when we do good. Why would I be against you finding love and choosing a different path than the initial one? Who says it isn’t God’s will that you two found to each other, especially
“What do you mean?”
"I tried to make him understand, but he wouldn't listen. And now... now we're history. Can we please just leave it at that?", he heard himself grumble gloomily, but then Gabe's warm hand was resting on one of his shoulders, offering most pleasant solace; once he uplifted his head and met Gabe's eyes again, he saw a tender smile on his colleague's mouth and a melancholic glimmer in his glance as he beheld Castiel thoroughly.
“It was okay, no biggie. Here and there a little traffic jam, but apart from that, free driving," Dean said. Bobby set the bag down in the entry hall while Dean slipped out of his shoes. Dean sat down at the kitchen table, while Bobby walked to the fridge and got Dean a beer. Dean accepted it gratefully, his throat already parched. He gulped down the cool liquid greedily and sighed happily when he put the bottle down again. Bobby beheld him with a gentle smile.
he agreed with Gabe, the least thing he could do was try.
„Are we ready?” he asked Dean friendly. Dean nodded and grabbed his key cars from the shoe cabinet. Then he took Castiel’s beige trench coat and helped him put it on, revealing the gentleman he actually was. He clearly saw Bobby rolling his eyes at that, but Castiel seemed to like his friendly treatment, so Dean didn’t really mind. They walked to the door, and when Dean held it open for Castiel, Castiel regarded him with a bright smile, his eyes gleaming with humor and zest for life. „You’re a real gentleman, Dean,” he commented, making Dean grin in return.
“Are you gonna be alright? Is there anything I can do?” Sam asked, and Dean rejoiced about his brother’s consideration.
As the nurse had told a worried Dean, Cas was stable, and even though he was in pain, he had to wait until the most severe cases had been dealt with. And judging from the ongoing chaos in the emergency room, this would take some time. There were a handful of people, who had been brought in with multiple foreign objects sticking out of their bodies – scraps of glass or metal, which the tornado had toyed with, and which had found their destination in those poor people. Some of these injured people weren’t even conscious when they were brought in – those that were, were a terrible sight to witness, one that left Dean panicked and speechless with horror. They were crying and shaking with pain, bathed in blood, convulsing and screaming unrestrained. Even behind closed doors, Dean heard their wailing – it sounded as if they were sawed up alive. It was nauseating, appalling, made Dean’s stomach turn.
pumping through him, the need to ravage Dean, to claim him for himself
At last, Castiel stopped kissing him, panted against Dean’s kiss-wet mouth breathlessly. With his good hand, he touched the back of Dean’s head, brought their foreheads together. For a sweet moment of idleness, they closed their lids, enjoyed being reunited like this.
"Yeah... can hardly wait... I'll send you an SMS. Until tomorrow, then", Dean hoarsely confirmed, sounding breathless to Castiel. "Night, Dean... sleep tight", he said, a soft smile on his mouth when he heard Dean's gentle "You too", then they hung up.
"What about you? Do you have family in addition to Sam?", Castiel asked finally, his voice sounding thick and brittle with arousal, if Dean wasn't mistaken, and relief diffused in Dean's stomach when he heard his question. For a God-given moment, he was able to forget about his body's sensitiveness or what a tumult Castiel was easily causing inside of him. Instead, flashbacks of Mary and John came to his mind, and he grimaced joylessly, looking away from Castiel's prying eyes.
Then he sat down at the kitchen table and unfolded the newspaper. Not a word was being said about what he had just witnessed – Dean and Cas obviously making out in his kitchen. There was a moment of awkward silence, neither Dean nor Cas finding the courage to move or say something. Finally, Bobby looked up, an unnerved expression on his wrinkled face.
Ah, please, have a little patience with me and Cas and Dean... the next chapter will clear things up. I wonder if I can manage to post the remaining 4 chapters (only 4 sobs) until my birthday on 1st September (lol, I'm getting so damn old...) Until then... what do you think? Wasn't that dramatic, was it?
They finally arrived at Bobby’s house again and quietly let themselves in. Dean frowned when he heard a snoring sound – he turned around to Cas with a sly grin, then he tiptoed to the living room. Bobby was sitting there in his wingback chair, his head fallen to one side, his mouth slack. He had fallen asleep in front of the TV, snoring like a chainsaw.
They had a heavy schedule, which all of them enjoyed, as the weeks passed by in a heartbeat: Castiel taught Jack how to play piano, as promised. Sometimes, they had a music evening, when all of them made music together; Castiel and Jack took turns playing the piano. It had brought the tenderest smile to Dean’s lips when the boy had started playing the piano and he had accompanied him with the guitar, seeing him wince with sudden delight as the sounds of the instruments mixed perfectly.
Though it was broad daylight, and even though the hot spring's sun was still shining vibrantly, it didn't bring back the prior passionate heat that had awoken between their bodies; it was gone all too quickly. Bereaved of the warmth, their limbs soon felt too chilly, so Dean gently pulled back and released Castiel, deciding it was time to let go. His lover remained with his ass placed on Dean's lap, he smiled softly at him while Dean unrolled and knotted the used condom carefully. It hit Dean hard in the chest as he regarded the loveable smile gracing this angelic being in front of him, how utterly satisfied and relaxed Castiel appeared. A slight layer of sweat dabbled his blushed skin, formed small drops on his temple and forehead. Castiel ran his own fingers through his dark hair as he let Dean deposit his legs considerately, his eyes never leaving the older man's. It shook Dean to the very foundations to be exposed to these knowing, pensive eyes, for he felt they were aware of his every thought. And even though they had just had sex, he couldn't help but feel even more stripped, as if Castiel was gently clawing at his soul to see behind the curtain. Not that Dean wanted or had to conceal anything from Castiel any longer...
Gently, Dean traced the subtle coves of Castiel's ribcage, he dared to let his calloused fingers wander over the line of his vertebrae. Dean couldn't help but worship the lovely back, he alternated between ghostlike strokes of his fingertips and strong massaging practices. Especially when he moved his forefinger along the curve of Castiel's pelvis oh so carefully, he could feel the immense shivers running down Castiel's spine, how he tensed up due to his gentle touch. Dean bit down on his bottom lip, controlling himself. After all, they had made a pact to postpone adult-physical activities.
Jack smiled softly at Cas then, a deep-reaching joy glowing up in his blue eyes. He blushed hotly and looked down.
Around noon, a sleepy Castiel descended the stairs, his hair completely ruffled and his shirt wrinkled. Dean smiled at the given sight, thinking Castiel looked stupidly adorable. Castiel helped himself to a glass of water and chugged it in one go, instantly re-filling his glass. Dean was standing at the stove, preparing lunch for all of them. A wonderful, mouth-watering scent filled up the kitchen, wafted through the air. Bobby was outside, talking to an elderly man about his car problems and whether Bobby would be able to fix them; Dean watched him from the kitchen window, knowing he would have to call Bobby inside soon. He had told him lunch would be on the table in five minutes, but Bobby always forgot the time when he was chatting with someone.
Ever since Jack and Ellen’s murders, the bloodshed between the clans had been ongoing, had never fully stopped. Every few years, somebody of the Capulets or Montagues was murdered out of the blue, revenge was taken, and it remained quiet again for some time. It had been very quiet these past years – too quiet, probably, Dean thought, for the Capulets started provoking them again as if they were begging for more bloodshed. Otherwise, he couldn’t explain to himself what had happened last night with Anna’s chums and Benny’s trio.
"Shut it, I wouldn't get one sensible sentence out. I do this my way", Castiel replied with a broad grin.
Castiel lay awake for endless, sleepless hours, he simply couldn't come down. Dean's beautiful green eyes laughed at him through the dark, like rays of light, which brought hope and
"Sam's a smart ass. That kid had been awarded a scholarship, and he works in a coffee shop to earn his keep, because the scholarship doesn't cover everything, and the law school is expensive as fuck. So... it was obvious from the start that he would need a little help, and I took care of it. Hell, I have been for the last two and a half years."
“Oh, that’s never a good sign,” Bobby commented dryly, though he smiled a little. Dean wasn’t so easily deterred.
Bobby produced the content of his bag and started happily chewing. He handed the bag over to Dean, inviting him to join him eating the snack they had brought. Popcorn. The sounds of them crunching popcorn was definitely audible, and Castiel gave them an intensive, incredulous death glare. Dean had to bite back the laughter arising within him. He continued eating and gave Bobby a smug smirk, wiggling his eyebrows at the older man. Bobby just smacked happily and nodded. Castiel didn’t have time to scold them, for he had to focus on his job and passing a just sentence.
?”, and Dean all at once realized that his younger brother was really clever and that it was of no use to make up a lame lie now. Sam was seeing right through his act, even if they were just talking on the phone, and he wasn’t falling for any of his tricks.
“Some of the victims needed helicopter rescue, their wounds were so severe. I was afraid they might die before the medics made it. And Charlie and I took turns in comforting the victims until help came. There was a family with kids… they’re gonna be okay from what I heard, thank God. But hearing the little ones cry like that, having them see their parents bathed in blood. It was hard, kinda affected me a lot.”
It went without words when Dean’s voice got a little hoarse and when Castiel started playing classical piano music so that Dean could rest his vocal cords. Dean was filled with a nameless joy, which went right to his heart’s core, when he dared to accompany Castiel’s piano with his guitar carefully, and when this created a beautiful, moved smile on Castiel’s kissable mouth. Gently Dean’s fingers picked his guitar strings while Castiel’s fingers pressed down on the piano’s keys. They were so attuned, so perfectly in the same rhythm, there wasn’t even one misplayed note. It sounded heavenly to Dean. He could have continued playing for the entire day, forgetting everything around them but the music and Castiel – but then the oven beeped, reminding all of them of the meal Castiel had prepared.
The seconds elapsed, and Dean was busy observing how Castiel's Adam's apple slightly bounced whenever he gulped. The arousing sight in front of him, paired with the slender, powerful fingers working on his thigh, was dizzying, almost too much for Dean. At long last his eyes came to rest on Castiel's, and he realized his therapist's cheeks were as red as a beet while he smiled hesitantly at Dean. He had probably noticed Dean's consuming eyes on him.
Here he gave John a sour, pointed look. John exploded at last. He drew his gun, aimed at Zachariah. Dean pulled at Castiel’s hand by intuition, made him take a step back. He didn’t want him to get caught in between the fight of their fathers, wanted to keep him safe.
„Clearly, your ‘usband wants to lead you, but you’re not letting him, not completely. Somezing is ‘olding you back,” he said then to Castiel admonishingly.
He opened two bottles of beer and handed Castiel one, loved how the candlelight increased the blue of his eyes. Castiel scowled at him, tilted his head to the side.
. What do you get out of this? You know Dean will find you, and he will-“
“Alright, I’ll behave. And yeah, I’ll be a friend to Cas. He surely needs all the support he can get, as it is. It’s not an easy situation he’s in, and I wanna help him get through it safe and sound. I just care about him, can’t help it.”
„Dean, I need you, wanna feel you,” Castiel muttered. Dean gulped nervously and sat up a little. He reached out a hand and tenderly stroked along Castiel’s stubbly cheek – with delight, he saw him leaning into the palm of Dean’s hand, visibly enjoying his affectionate caress.
Castiel's eyes darted over his, Dean watched how he bit his bottom lip, how he bruised the fine, pink skin with his teeth. Then he said "Sometimes", and smiled at Dean charmingly, looking him deeply in the eyes while he continued bending and rotating his patient's calf gently. Dean frowned, not understanding what Castiel was referring to, and the smile on those sinful lips became wider; Castiel chuckled softly.
"Stop looking at me like that," Castiel murmured feigned sulkily, then he placed his empty plate on the coffee table in front of him. Dean mirrored his deed and grinned cheekily at his lover.
Dean didn't take offence at Castiel's words; he couldn't blame him, because he was right. John could have chosen to turn away from the supernatural life; he could have pretended none of the ghosts or demons or other nasty things existed, he could have tried to lead a simple life. Instead he had chosen a dangerous, brutal life, and he had paid the price. He felt Castiel pressing his hand tightly, their warm palms were conjoined. Flashbacks of his father's death appeared in Dean's mind, and he gulped heavily, trying to shove the pain aside.
"It feels so good to know you, Dean. To know all of you eventually," Castiel whispered, his breath was ghosting over Dean's opened lips like a tentative, warm caress. Feathery kisses were placed on Dean's lids, his heart leapt into his throat. The worshiping kisses did not stop then – Castiel kissed his mouth with such carefulness that Dean couldn't help but feel fragile, completely exposed to the other man. He gave in to temptation and responded to his skilled kisses eagerly, melting against his admirable mouth. Soon he let every thought go as he dispersed in the peace of the moment. He embraced Castiel's back and pulled him down as their kisses intensified, became more and more passionate. Dean was so overwhelmingly happy that Castiel didn't push him away, but that he accepted Dean for who he was and for what he knew. He had never felt such stunning bliss pumping through his veins, making everything weightless and wonderful... His usual obstinacy became insignificant around Castiel and he allowed himself to absorb every feeling he had forbidden himself and to drink the other man in as much as possible.
“You’re making music?”
Dean felt overwhelmed, as realization washed through him like a cool downpour: For the first time in an eternity, he felt hopeful. It had been so long, he barely remembered the warm, tingling sensation of it. A door in his mind had been opened, and it showed him a way out – a way to paradise, where no more blood would be shed, where there was peace. An inviting light was shining through this door, and when he leaned down and kissed Castiel again, it felt as if his lips were the key to this door and Castiel’s mouth was the lock. Dean kissed him harder, put his weight into the kiss, and pressed Cas deeper into the mattress.
The adrenaline kick made him smile twitchily as he struggled through thick shrubberies, as he fought his way back to the mansion. When it came in sight again, Dean took a good look around, before he came out of hiding; there weren’t guards nearby, and the courtyard seemed pretty unpopulated for the party was still ongoing. He took a deep breath, fixed his clothes. Then he contemplated the impenetrable mansion, the place where Castiel was, but where Dean wasn’t allowed to set foot in. He bit on his bottom lip, torn in two, and wondered what he was doing here, how in all the world he could ever see Castiel again, and what would happen to him if he couldn’t make that happen.
"Cas, let me down, you son of a bitch! I'm not a girl!" he protested, though he still chuckled. He regarded Castiel's quirky grin, the amusement dancing in his blue irises, and suddenly, Dean was at ease, he even found it somewhat comfortable in Castiel's grip, and he stopped fighting. A huge lump corded up his throat; pleasure, close to pain, lingered inside of him, it was impossible to breathe consistently. Dean gulped heavily, trying to erase the pleasure-pain constricting his airways – yet he could not when he caught Castiel's eyes remaining on his steadily, seemingly unperturbed and ignorant to Dean's inner turmoil. Castiel was the source for that exploding frenzy and the excitement and agitation that came along with it.
"What makes you think I would do that, human?"
“If it’s too personal, you don’t have to answer,” Castiel cut him off then, before Dean could even utter a word; Castiel let the cut onions slide into the pan. A sizzling sound filled the kitchen, while the onions browned in the pot. All at once, Dean felt flustered, hesitant, shy even, but he wanted to share this part of him with Castiel, wanted him to know him better, if that even made sense. He breathed against the tension in his chest and shut his lids for a nanosecond, allowing his mind to sort the many different fleeting thoughts. Images of the past rushed before his mind’s eye. He saw a younger version of himself, holding the cold and dead hand of his father. How he had signed up for the police training program, grimness clouding his mind. He blinked against those images and returned to the here and now, finding himself standing in the bright, light-flooded kitchen.
Dean suddenly held an angel blade in his hand, he swung it at Michael.
‘’Stop.’’
Castiel stroked a tear away with his thumb as he looked Dean in his eyes.
‘’Dean, we have to stop by a hotel or something, he’s bleeding too much. There’s no time to drive the whole way back to the bunker.’’
''Don't be so hard on him Dean, he saved Cas.''
Cas sighed and rolled his eyes.
‘’What I
Dean didn’t question it, already having guessed what was going on, he simply nodded and went to get Sam and Jack, also thinking ahead and grabbing the scythe while he was at it.
''The deal you made. What did the empty mean by that? A-are you gonna die again soon? I- I don't want you.. to leave again...''
‘’We kinda had to be, our mum died when I was four years old, Sammy was just six months. Our dad was a wreck after that, it messed him up real bad, and
It wasn’t as good as a full night sleep but Sam was happy his brother had agreed to close his eyes.
but everything came back to him eventually.
‘’No Zachariah, I asked you not to touch him. You ignored me.’’
Dean gathered Castiel in his arms carefully as Cas huffed in annoyance.
Dean shifted closer and put his head on Cas’s shoulder, hands still intertwined but now laying in between both their legs.
Chapter 3
''Cas? What is he talking about?''
Castiel followed his best friend, but he felt eyes in the back of his head, so he shot a quick glance while walking and was met with green eyes and a smirk, not one he recognised, which wasn’t that surprising since there were at least 50 people in the same room and Castiel wasn’t good with faces to begin with, but these eyes would sure have caught his attention if he had seen them before, even though Cas only caught a fast glance, there was something about those eyes that made him want to come back for more, they were green, but like the leaves of trees in the middle of the summer when the sun shined on them just right green, with spots of a warm honey brown mixed in between.
But Dean’s dorm looked fresh and clean with little to no personal belongings, save for one picture next to his nightstand, Cas learned nothing about Dean from his dorm.
''Owh, but I don't want to kill you, you're a lost cause anyways. With the empty and all...''
It was hard to not bump into anything along the way, but eventually they made it to the impala.
There were a few minutes of silence and then Dean announced he was going to take a shower and that they would search the town tomorrow.
Castiel really wanted to question Dean about this, but he couldn’t let chuck get into his head, not now, not when they were this close. Chuck had been controlling things enough as it is, and if he really was the only one with any kind of say in how this played out, any kind of free will left, then Cas was the one who needed to end this.
Sam, Dean and Castiel decided that it was best to wait until all the monsters scattered far away from the building into the night. Then they would come back and burn the building.
‘’Me. I changed. When Cas finally snapped, when even he thought we couldn’t keep doing this.. I saw what I had done. I’ve been so damn selfish. I didn’t think he felt the same way and when he told me how he felt…’’
Dean did just that.
‘’Sure he won’t. Mind me tagging along?’’
He opened his eyes and saw the man he loved.
angel.’’
''Dean is not home right now, please leave a message.''
Chuck looked at Dean.
‘’Castiel, do you really think that I couldn’t hear that prayer? It was very loud.’’
‘’So.. I can die? When everything else is gone?’’
Dean went to sit down on the bed next to Castiel and for a brief moment neither of the two knew what to say.
And the door of the bunker closed.
‘’Burger and some fries.’’
‘’Can’t be too careful with you angels.’’
‘’He talked to me a lot, never really wanted to hurt me bad. But he could switch between moods really fast, sometimes that was unexpected. But mostly he got angry because I told him things he didn’t want to hear. Or didn’t do the things he wanted me to do.
don't know why we spend so much time in there, it smells like shit.’’
Dean got closer to Cas, he hesitated but eventually he placed his hand over Cas’s and Cas’s fingers closed around Dean’s. They sat like that for a few minutes until Dean leaned even more in the touch and placed his head on Cas’s shoulders, Cas’s good wing folded around Dean.
They arrived at the bunker.
''How's Dean? Is Michael-'' Jack stood up, closing the laptop and leaving it on his bed.
Except maybe confess these feelings to Dean.
''It's.. angel radio.. but directed-'' Another gasp. ''At me.''
‘’No Dean. That doesn’t mean that you got to shove all your problems on him like that.
‘’10 hours at least. But I can makes it 8 if you let me drive ‘’Suicidal.’’
Dean misses him.
‘’I’d rather just forget it.’’
''Let's get started, I assume you are familiar with holy fire?''
And lets just say that he really needed the power juice.
‘’Oh.. that.. Nahh… not my type.’’
Suddenly he knew which angel could help him.
Castiel wished he could relate, he just felt empty, like he was floating somewhere across reality.
Sorry for not updating this fic in a while. I was in Germany visiting a friend.
‘’Much better.’’
‘’You care about the whole world.’’
She muttered some Enochian words and Castiel fell to the ground and wasn’t able to move as much as his finger. He was completely frozen.
‘’He’s comfortable, so unfortunately way too long.’’
‘’Gabe If you’re going to be like this I swear you I’m not going to tell you anything anymore.’’
He didn’t think that Dean was in any state to relive what had just happened, but Billie’s
''We're gonna have to cut back on the PB&J'S Cas.'' Dean grunted.
Castiel thought about it for a minute.
‘’Last time he was own he got stabbed.’’
''I don't want to hear no Dean, I want to hear yes.''
‘’Should I? I don’t know.. ‘’ Castiel turned to face Luke and Meg again.
‘’What the fuck did you do to him?’’
Dean wasn’t really in a position to make any promises, he was just as stuck as Castiel was.
''I'll make it myself, it's the least I can do. You did really good Cas. Thank you.''
‘’Seems like he was very interested in Cassie’s best hits.’’
They drove back to the warehouse.
‘’He’s amazing. Y’know?’’
Tum tum tum!! She's doing this out of revenge.. sorta? lil bit?
‘’See you two soon! Or.. if you want to see our soon human birdy again. I’ll see one of you soon!’’
Dean was just as done with it being left unsaid as Cas. So it was here, with the fire of horrible memories still burning bright beside them that Dean finally made a move.
Castiel had made it a whole minute before dozing off.
Castiel smiled, he laying on Dean’s chest and absently drawing circles on his stomach with his finger.
‘’You don’t own me. I’m not a collectible, and you will never get your hands on Dean. You’ll die for just looking at him.’’
He looked over Uriel’s shoulders.
Sam asked.
Why? Why did he have to go? And where? Why was he saying this at all?
Then again, Cas was immortal before, and he had always seemed fine with it, and the Empty was right, there was no other option.
(See the end of the chapter for
''Dean. You need to fight him.''
‘’Okay, Okay!’’ Luke raised his hands, and had the audacity to look shocked even with a smile on his face ‘’Let’s keep the violence to a minimum, I’m really not in the mood to deal with cops tonight, you wanna go find the others?’’
‘’I would appreciate what?’’ Gabriel appeared around the corner, tv-remote in one hand and an almost empty bag of m&m’s in the other.
Cas storming off was the last straw, they needed to talk.
Together they had carefully
Dean couldn't see shit, so he almost jumped when he suddenly felt Cas's lips on his.
‘’But mum-.. ‘’
‘’Hi daddy.’’
Michael asked as he slipped on some black leather gloves.
Castiel didn’t reply, Chuck wasn’t even sure if he had heard him.
‘’Why did she start this anyway? Heard her rambling some bullshit about some Jim, was that her husband?’’
‘’Love.’’
He’d won the argument at last because he knew where they had to go, Sam did not.
Everything always goes to hell at the same time and Dean had blamed it all on Cas.
So he checked into a motel with a fake name and threw himself on the bed.
‘’About the deal? No. But about Cas? I mean, I, I think so, it was the way he looked at you.’’
But Michael had decided to show up and destroyed the generator and kidnapped Jack.
‘’So you think this was planned? But how did they know Cas would be here?’’
Castiel ignored Louise and slowly got up, he folded his wings tightly to his back, so they wouldn’t be burned by the fire.
''He hasn't stepped down, he's the one in control, but he's unconscious.''
Dean said.
But it wasn't the worst reaction, seeming Castiel had just met this guy and yet Dean was hinting that they
Castiel forced his thoughts back to it once again to calm down.
‘’Don’t worry I’m here to fix you.’’
‘’No.’’ Dean answers right away.
He couldn’t keep walking without a direction.
Smiling when something happens you didn't expect.
‘’Except when the stab wound healed, it wasn’t my grace doing it. It was something dark, something old, and Chuck said you made a deal.’’
His eyes travelled to a particular corner
‘’He does seem to have special plans for me.. Huh. At least both of your endings will be quick. Painless not so much.’’
‘’Hhm… ‘’ the Empty hummed. ‘’Death’s scythe, pointy little thing that is. Not a big fan myself but I guess if you want to be dramatic it’s an off switch for some of us.’’
Sam rolled his eyes.
The Empty laughed, hysterically.
''Ssshtt, don't ruin the moment.''
Louise took a blade in her hand and began to cut off his familiar layers of clothing.
Castiel was scared to see the state his wings were in, after Metatron cut out his grace
I've changed this chapter a bit after first posting it because I wasn't completely happy with how it flowed.
‘’Hey! What the hell was that good for?’’
And yes, he wouldn't think twice about sacrificing himself for Dean, or Sam and in this situation Jack.
Dean looked away.
‘’Some day you’re gonna have to, you know.’’
‘’Oh C’mon really? That’s what you compare a
''He's okay.''
‘’That was not a dream Cas.’’
‘’You can. But you will be in pain once your grace leaves you. And it’s not fast. It’s nothing like you experienced with Metatron.’’
Cas didn’t reply.
‘’Answer me.’’
‘’Okay. No. You’re right. It’s time for me to make things up to him. I should go talk to him.’’
He didn’t care.
‘’Yeah, I bet your death would be very fucking entertaining to him.’’
Chuck snapped his fingers. Castiel began to glow.
''So I have my grace back?''
‘’I think Dean has got some explaining to do, you see Cas, you’re immortal now, doomed to be alone withou-…’’
''Okay, you do you. But not in the frikkin kitchen okay? Take that stuff to the bedroom.''
''I have to go.'' Castiel found himself saying.
‘’Yes. You wanted me to talk. So I’m going to talk.’’
‘’Good.’’ Dean nodded and rushed over to the woman, but she was faster, she reacted immediately and kicked him in the nuts.
‘’Sounds like you two are close.’’
‘’Yeah, I mean we can’t know for certain but I think so.’’
Updates whenever I'm ready with a new chapter.
''Woah.. They're so soft.''
Cas loved him.
‘’Our father has been spotted on earth, you have to prepare, he could very well finish all of heaven when he’s done with his vengeance on earth.
When Sam was gone Cas continued.
He slipped his angelblade out of the sleeve of his trenchcoat.
''I did what I had to to get Jack back.''
‘’Stop this!’’
The only thing he could do when what just happened had started to sink in was break down and sob.
After a big blue flash that stayed in the air, chuck fell to his knees, screaming in anger.
‘’Except for you.’’ Sam whispered.
A glowing red formed around the hand that was still on Chuck’s chest keeping him pinned against it, burned out a bright white light.
‘’Yes, Cas made the mistake of doing his research on my laptop. I think he went out to stop a woman called Louise Anderson.’’
‘’Okay?’’
Castiel didn’t hesitate and jumped off the bed, he already knew who she was, the description he’d gotten of her fitted perfectly.
‘’He’s god Dean.’’
They had conected the eletrics to Dean and Sam.
Castiel was broken, by Dean’s lack of love.
‘’What?’’
‘’Bit of both, you want a beer?’’
Dean took it as a good sign.
‘’The only destructing we’ll be doing is on you.’’ Dean said, picking the scythe from where he’d hidden it under the map table.
Dean and Sam are sitting in Dean’s room, with Dean holding the scythe and looking at it like it holds the answer to all his questions.
He shot Sam an angry look but eventually agreed, he still kept his gun pointed at Louise.
Dean and Cas were still holding hands, Cas was staring at a spot on the wall and Dean was trying to summon the guts to start talking, eventually he did.
Chapter 7
‘’Dean, hold up. Do we have a plan?’’
I've been really busy and I think that updates will come with more time apart than at first, but the important thing is that I will continue this fic and also finish it some day.
small talk, you wanna get out of here?’’
‘’I don’t care.’’
And Sam just held him through it.
''Yeah! ''
‘’ But I could be, have you met the new guy yet? I feel like you should, Meg told me all new people should know each other around here, and last I checked you where one of last of them, plus I think you’d like him and my instinct are
''He has a few up us sleeve, I don't think we've seen the end of him just yet.''
‘’I probably have a less stained spare shirt in my room.’’
Sam whispered.
He knew his brother and he knew he was eating so much for a reason.
Except... He didn't want to die again.
‘’Yeah, that’s true I guess.’’Dean took the vodka-sprite mix from Castiel’s hand and drank from it before getting up.
‘’Got ya.’’ Dean stood up, he payed for the pancakes and tipped the waitress (not because he wanted to flirt, but because she’d been really nice when she’d seen Cas and Dean walk in holding hands
When Cas pulled apart he looked Dean in the eyes and told him.
— We have your number, Dean, — Ogden said, shaking the Winchesters' hands in turn.
Castiel nodded, a slight flush emerging on his face, mixing with the sun's glare on his bronzed skin. He realized that soon, when the connection between the human soul and the angel's grace became even stronger and more unbreakable — thanks to the magic, and perhaps to the feeling that had grown so strong in just a few days — Dean would be able to see and feel Castiel's wings whenever they both wanted to. Meanwhile, the last hazy features of those wings were fading, hiding from Dean's view for the time being. Cas rested his head on Dean's golden-freckled shoulder and watched the waves roll gently over the sand.
And Cas gave up. Let that intoxicating passion make him do things that he would not have thought of before meeting this man, let Dean often be harsh and rude, forcing him to suffer in silence and swallow his pride, and let his feeling remain unrequited. But if he could be near Dean, just see his smile, listen to his not always clear jokes, and look into his sparkling emerald eyes, he was sure it would be worth it. He had almost come to terms with the fact that Dean would not realize or accept his love, though faint sparks of hope still occasionally flickered in his thoughts when their eyes met and held each other's for a long time. At that time, it seemed to him that at any moment Dean would understand, and hug him, and tell him what idiots they had been all those years for not daring to admit what they felt for each other. But seconds flew by, and for some reason each time the moment was lost. And it seemed to Castiel that he had invented this false hope for himself, so as not to lose his mind and go crazy.
— Wow, do they bite? Okay, okay, I won't, you nerd.
— Before you say anything in response, Dean, there's something else you should know, —Castiel's tone became serious, and Dean frowned, knowing that he was about to hear something that was unlikely to please him. — When we raised Jack from the dead… Remember when I went to Heaven to get him back?
— Be gentle, but not submissive, be firm, but not cruel, — Castiel quoted the dead martial artist, and, opening his fingers, let the maple leaf fall easily to the mercy of the oncoming wind. With a final shake of the head, the leaf disappeared from view with a soft rustle.
— Yes, there happened such an amazing thing, — Mattie agreed jokingly. — Now, if you're all full, I'll clear the table.
— But you're back now, you're with me, see? And there's no angry cosmic entity here! That's what I think, — Dean whispered fervently, stroking the thick dark hair of the angel, who leaned his head on his shoulder, listening to his excited whisper. — The Shadow just doesn't know you at all. It doesn't know us, because you are one of us, you are our family. Happiness will never be available to people like us. There will always be something that will prevent you from approaching it. We're together, Cas, and it's... it's so beautiful, it's breathtaking, and it's going to be even better, I promise! Now it's just going to be awesome, you know? But ... Look at me, Cas! Do you get the idea?
The younger hunter carefully picked up the oblong box containing the treasure he had brought — the archangel's feather. He snapped two small locks on the side of the box, opened it, and handed it to the wizard. The latter looked at the feather with fascination and took it in his hands with awe, looking at it with an admiring glance.
— It's in Nebraska, just a couple of hours. I'll go by myself, I just wanted to tell you.
— Yes, you are, — Castiel sat down next to him and folded his hands on his bent knees. — Sam said you were upset. Is that still the effect of the spell?
When Dean came to his senses, he covered his face with his hands and let out a helpless growl.
— I'm... not arguing, — Cas tried to explain as Dean took both of his hands and led him to his wide bed.
— Dean, why don't you sit down and wait a few minutes, okay? I really want to help Cas to get his wings back, too, so just stop and breathe. I'll be right back.
— Yes, Dean, Sam is okay, — Castiel said, almost not lying. He had learned long ago that no matter how bad a lie is, sometimes it is appropriate and useful if you want to protect someone from unnecessary and unwanted experiences. Dean was so attached to his brother, and had cared for him so much all his life, that it would be cruel and inhumane to make him watch Sam suffer when it can be avoided. Just one light touch of the hand on the burned forehead, one breath of grace spreading over the mutilated body, and it healed the melted skin, the blinded eyes, the shattered bones were joined, the burned hair grew back…
— I did, I win't deny, — the angel agreed with a sigh.
— The side... effect? —  Dean questioned doubtfully.
— Thank you, Matty, — Dean said, looking at Ogden. — What's next in the plan?
— The Shadow won't get you, — Dean said, bringing his lips closer to Cas', catching his response with his half-closed eyes. — You're a Winchester, and our purpose in this world is to save people, not to chill and relax on our hunting laurels… It attacked the wrong guy.
— No unnecessary questions, okay?
— We're going to have sex, am I right? — Castiel continued, surprising Dean once again with his unique directness and making him blush.
He took Dean's hand and pressed it to his chest. A couple of breaths, and it stopped rising and falling, and after a few seconds Dean stopped feeling the heartbeat of Cas, who continued to smile at the suddenly serious hunter.
— With this one? — Cas went on laughing. — Here, take it, Dean. It won't work, though. I'm an angel, breathing isn't necessary for me. Look, give me your hand.
Her entire slender body filled with light from within, illuminating the small living room, and the huge shadows of her stunning angel wings unfolded on the wall where Mattie stood with her back to it. The air around her vibrated with power. A newspaper flew off the coffee table with a rustle of its pages, dishes rattled in the kitchen cupboard, and Sam's hair fluttered up and down for a second like a lion's mane. The Winchesters squinted in the glare, fascinated by the magnificent sight. Matariel folded her wings behind her back and spread them out again, displaying their splendor, then the light that filled her faded together with the outline of her wings.
— You see my wings? Dean, what does all this mean?..
— Cas? — he heard Dean's voice, or rather, not a sound, but a thought that came to him without breaking the magical silence as if out of time and space.  — Are you here? I can feel you... but I can't see you…
Already knowing how sweet it was to kiss those soft pink lips, Dean felt that it could be even more beautiful when those lips had just repeated his name and whispered words of love. With such an amazing addition, it was so breathtaking that it seemed as if he was being carried up somewhere by a wave of unspeakable delight. The joy filled his soul to the brim, making him light-headed to the feeling that physical reality was momentarily ceasing to exist around him…
— Aaah... probably… I don't remember.
— I know, — still watching the sunbeams play in Dean's green eyes, Cas quickly and smoothly raised his hand in front of his face, catching a yellow leaf that suddenly flew into the car cabin before it touched his skin.
Mattie, sitting across from Dean,giggled merrily.
Dean stopped the car at a small, neat house next to the post office, the brothers got out of the car and went up the steps. Before Dean's hand could touch the doorbell, the door was opened by a very pretty young woman in a lengthy, pale blue dress with short sleeves that accentuated her large blue eyes with long, light lashes. Her thick blond hair was piled high in a bun, and a few loose curls framed her delicate features. Her eyes narrowed slightly as she looked quickly from one hunter to the other, and a tender smile played across her face.
— Oh, you meanie! — Dean pretended to be offended, emptying the last drops of coffee into his mouth as they reached the kitchen. — Pour me some more, be a good boy.
— Well, thank you, Dean. But what makes you think I'm going to help you? Didn't I make it clear last time?
As Castiel looked curiously at this self-willed, stubborn, and foolhardy hunter, willing to make tremendous efforts to save the life of every person whose life depended on him in the least, and to make even more terrible sacrifices for the sake of his loved ones, as Cas spent more and more time with him, he did not immediately notice how the ideas of free will and independence entered his mind along with a sense of deep admiration and affection. As time passed, it became something even more powerful, exciting, inescapable, and then unknown to him. Maybe it was because Cas didn't immediately understand right then what was happening to him that he allowed the sprig of this unknown, fluttering sensation to flow through his mind, through the many layers that had formed from following strict rules, obeying unquestioning orders, and the smooth flow of his clearly defined angelic life. Probably, without knowing it, he had been infected with disobedience just when he first touched Dean's soul buried in the depths of Hell, leaving his mark that bound their destinies forever, and not noticing how this suffering and rushing soul in search of deliverance left its invisible mark on him.
He propped himself up on his hands so that he could get a good look at Cas' quivering cock before fulfilling his audacious plan. The large pink head, glistening with precum, the slight curve of the shaft to the abdomen, the expressively visible veins, the short thick hairs at the base, the tense scrotum —everything seemed so perfect that only an impatient sigh from Castiel brought Dean out of the trance into which he had begun to fall, admiring the masculine beauty of his lover.
* Poland is a small town in Indiana.
— Wow! I wish I had angelic powers to help me feel you! — Dean said admiringly. He tried to keep his gaze on Castiel's majestic wings, but he was not used to focusing on them for long.
— Oh, Dean... I... — Castiel's hot whisper touched the hunter's face, and Dean slightly touched the angel's lips with his index finger.
— Good morning, Sammy, — Dean greeted his brother cheerfully. Perhaps a little too cheerfully for such an early hour, and for a man who crawls under a table in the morning wearing old, sooty welding goggles, which Sam mentioned with a puzzled grimace:
He heard Mattie's silvery laughter from a small kitchen settee at the other end of the table, he hadn't noticed her the dim light at first. She was sitting there sideways, with her feet cozily tucked, and also holding a cup of coffee. Her blond curls fell carelessly over her slender shoulders.
The angel's fingers overcame the last resistance and sank into the center of colossal power and at the same time majestic and serene peace. All other sounds had died away, and only the enveloping silence seemed to cradle Castiel in a soft embrace. The hot light penetrated every part of his body, filling him with bliss.
— Good morning to you, too, Dean. What are you doing, going to steampunk early in the morning?
Sam listened to his brother, his mouth open in surprise, and even forgot to ask what was next when he paused to take a sip of coffee. Still talking and looking serious, as if in a confession, Dean summed it up:
He took a few steps on the table-level, stony surface, then came to the edge and sat down on the edge of the plateau, his legs dangling just over the edge of the precipice. He had never been afraid of heights, and now Dean's gift would have kept his vessel intact, even if the rock beneath it had collapsed, like a few small stones that had fallen when Cas moved to make himself comfortable.Their pounding continued to reach his ears for a long time, fading and tailing off somewhere far below. Running his fingers through his hair tousled by the harsh mountain wind, Castiel looked out over the abyss before him, the rocks with a few stunted trees around them, the bright cloudless blue sky, and finding no answer in the silent beauty of nature, he closed his eyes and looked where he should have started. Only now, having given way to his despair and exhausted his strength, did he decide to be alone with his thoughts.
— I would heal them, — Matariel said with a smile as she walked over to Dean and placed another mug with a painted cupid on it on the table in front of him. — I had to try a little and convince this specimen to bloom, because usually the burning bush blooms in June.
— Sam! — Cas called. No sound came from the corner of the burned-out room where Sam was buried under the collapsed ceiling. With a wave of his hand, Cas threw the still-smoking logs aside without touching them, bending over the senseless body. Sam was still breathing, but very faintly, and his clothes were charred and smoking. Half of his face was badly burned, his left leg was broken and crushed by a heavy beam that had fallen on it.
— That dude you told me about... that's his name.
— Oh man. Just take care of Baby! — Dean shouted after him.
— Cas, — the Winchester said softly, and his warm breath touched the angel's moist lips lightly, as if still caressing them, — I thought... It seemed to me you were... that you were...
— We're going to need some of your blood, Dean, — Ogden explained, taking out a small earthenware bowl that had been prepared in advance and handing Dean a knife with a fancy bronze handle. Sam's face twitched nervously, though he'd seen such a scene before before.
— Sammy seems to understand, — the hunter murmured, turning to the angel before crawling back under the covers and kissing Castiel on his tenderly smiling lips. — Well, I don't care. I mean... well, I'm grateful to him.
— What would you like to get as a birthday present, Cas? — he asked. — There's no way to escape this, it's people's tradition to give presents to the birthday boy.
The goggles went back to Dean. He moved closer and saw it. Inside, on worn green velvet, lay a bronze-colored feather nearly a foot long. Golden sparks danced on its silken surface, continuing in the soft radiance that surrounded it.
— It's your ingredient's turn, Sam.
— Dean, did you know that? Cas needs to touch your soul? It's awfully…
— Err... Nope! — came the reply, too quick and too hoarse for a man who was really awake. — Wait a minute...
— Dean, what about the Impala? — Sam suddenly asked with a slightly nervous grin, looking back at the gleaming body of the family car. — You didn't break it, did you? — with that, he got to his feet, dusted off his soot-covered clothes, and turned to the car.
And Mattie disappeared with a rustle of her wings hidden from human eyes.
— There I met... a creature I had met before, and…
— It's mostly my dear wife's achievement, — Ogden said, smiling as Mrs. Green came up, and she laid a gentle hand on her husband's shoulder.
— Oh, damn yes! — Dean blurted out exitedly, hoping to hide his embarrassment. What was happening? Why is he, so brave and relaxed with girls, even with strangers, now suddenly hesitated and turned red in his face, like some immature virgin? He would think about it, but not at the moment, when it was high time to rip that unchangable carelessly unbuttoned trenchcoat off the angel's shoulders, followed by the stiff black jacket, the blue tie that emphasized Cas' eyes so favorably, but completely unnecessary then, and get to the snow-white shirt, hastily undoing the unruly buttons…
— Mattie taught me a lot, too, although I thought I was pretty good at Enochian magic before she came into my life. She is an innovator and is not afraid of experiments, which makes me very happy.
— Sure, Cas. What happened there?
— ...Is that the matter? — Sam asked, puzzled, and grinned. — Then why do you need these dusty goggles? You're not going to give them to Cas, are you?
— What are you trying to say? That I'm in love with Cas or something? — Dean exploded, his green eyes wide with indignation. — Well, you're out of your damn mind, you asshat!
— We did it, Cas,— came Dean's voice, hoarse with fatigue. — They are so cool ... your wings are just a fly...
— Here, look…
— You mean magic, don't you, darling? — Mattie cooed, looking at her husband with a mischievous smile.
Leaning down, he slowly ran the tip of his tongue over the surface of the head, listening to his feelings and to the angel's reaction. This silky smoothness and slightly salty taste, giving off some unearthly cool freshness, attracted and excited so much that he wanted to caress his angel with an incredible desire. Never before had Dean even had to see another man's cock so close, let alone touch it with his hands and mouth. Perhaps because of this, the adrenaline caused the blood to pound in the hunter's temples, and his breathing to become deep and irregular. His hand insistently gripped the base of Cas' cock, and his lips stroking the head, and he began to move smoothly down and up, plunging the head deeper into his mouth and increasing the pressure with his tongue.
Dean lowered his gaze for a split second and continued to stare at the stiff gray ribbon of the road running toward them. — I'm the one who gives Cas the present, so the soul necessary for the spell must be mine, too.
This crafty plan was not to become true, however, and it became clear to the older Winchester when his half-awakened hunter ear caught the sound of low voices in the kitchen below. Two soft male voices, Sam's and Ogden's, were quietly discussing something, but Dean couldn't make out the words, so curiosity made him shake off the remnants of his sleep, leave the guest bedroom, and walk down the wooden stairs, rubbing his face with his hands.
Castiel smiled reservedly and looked down at his bent knees.
— Hello, Dean, — Castiel said, closing the door behind him, and Dean's smile returned.
— He's not my... — Dean began, but his words were cut off when Matariel gently touched his forehead. It felt like a quiet whisper went through his head, and an invisible force touched his heart softly, as if a light, cool cloth slid across his chest.
— You just sit down, — Dean growled out.
— No spell... dammit, — Dean muttered through his gritted teeth, and leaned against the counter as well. — But you might create it? You're a smart woman with a lot of experience in angels' magic! I'm not alluding to your age, of course...
Mattie took a step toward Dean and put a slender hand on his shoulder.
— Dean, you've had a heart to do it at last, — Sam whispered in his ear with a smile, understanding what had happened. — You're dumb truck! It was worth me getting into trouble for, wasn't it?
Invisible to the hunters, the feather also fell into the bowl.
— Good morning to you, too, Dean, — she said softly. — I'll get you some coffee. You don't mind, do you?
* * *
With a puzzled twist of the mouth and a shrug of the shoulders, the younger brother carefully picked up the rag with two fingers, walked around the hood and got into the driver's seat, first throwing the filthy piece of cloth into the glove box. The Impala responded to the turn of the ignition key with the same stern silence that its owner had recently maintained. After the first attempt, Dean continued to work on the engine, hidden from his brother by the raised hood that glistened in the sun.
— You know, Sam, the thing is... Do you remember when we celebrated your birthday the other day? — he pushed his goggles up on his head, flattening the top of his light brown hair, and looked Sam in the eye with a serious expression. — Well, we climbed out on the roof of the bunker with beer and pizza, basked in the sun, chatted there about different things — and it was cool, right?
— Don't worry about it, Sammy, — Dean said, trying to settle the the dispute which hadn't yet begun. — The spell doesn't take much of it, just one spark... So it's like a catalyst in a chemical reaction, and that's all — well, you know more about chemistry than I do. That's what the guy we're going to see explained to me. And... when are you going to start nagging at me?..
— Well, or you could have... — Dean made an eloquent gesture with a table knife, striking the merchant's imaginary neck, winking at his brother as he did so.
When Dean had diligently copied a few lines of Enochian symbols onto another piece of paper with the pen Mattie had given him, Ogden carefully placed the paper on top of the broken branch in the bowl.
— Can angels swim? — Dean interested suddenly, rising to his full height. — I'm not just curious. We are going skinny-dipping in the ocean!..
Finally, Dean managed to focus on the angel's face, and he looked directly into Cas's eyes. The hunter's pupils were unnaturally dilated, and his tongue was slurred.
‘’Your willing to bet your boyfriends existence on me lying?’’
‘’He checked into another room, He’s getting some breakfast now. How you feeling Cas?’’
‘’Stay where ever the fuck you are Cas.’’ Dean whispered mostly to himself.
‘’She- She’s scourging him Sammy. We have to fucking do something!’’
‘’Is this what you think that angels wore back in the days? We almost never came down to earth, and we would do our best to fit in, we wouldn’t wear clothing like this except if it’s what everyone wore, this outfit also seems rather vulnerable, and we fought battles. This can’t protect you in a fight.’’
‘’Well, not your friend yet Castiel, but I hope we can change that.’’ Dean wiggled his eyebrows, making Cas laugh even though
Then Zachariah decided it was time to switch things up.
His mouth tried to form another sentence but again nothing came.
Enjoy :)
‘’I have a plan and some theories which I likely think are true. But I’m not one for spoilers.’’
‘’Cas. Final warning.’’
‘’Okay, I will give you one last try. Now that Chuck is gone, proof to us that we can trust you and I will forgive you.’’
Eventually they parked the car and when they were climbing out of the impala Dean stopped Castiel.
''...and you are going to scream, So they will run right into my hands. And I will posses Dean and kill both you and Sam.''
He still was in a lot of pain and had no clue why his healing process was this slow, he guessed it was of his wings being hurt too, but it didn't explain why his other injuries hadn't started to heal yet.
Here's a new chapter as a christmas gift from me :)
in the corner couldn’t stop staring and sticking up their noses), and soon enough they were on their way back to the bunker.
‘’I’m sorry, but not all hunters are like that.. Sam and Dean.. They are different. They are careful. They will never kill an innocent human being.’’
‘’The Empty said the deal was that something brought to life again by nothing, will live until everything is nothing.’’
Castiel was having a hard time focussing on his essay.
''Castiel, shame it has come to this. But you and your precious
‘’It wasn’t that bad, and everyone was having a hard time settling in.’’
Castiel peeled his eyes open, they we're glazzy and overshadowed by pain.
And with that Chuck dissapeared.
When he got closer Dean realized with horror that he wasn't hanging by his hands.
‘’I don’t know, we’ll find a way. Like we always do.’’
Cas was hanging from the ceiling by his wings, hooks driven trough the beautiful black feathers, creating two big bloody holes.
begging to be released to be free from this pain- and he could feel something else.
‘’That is not true.’’ Castiel bit back even though he knew it was.
''If with official you mean in a relationship, I don't know. We haven't had time to really talk yet, but we're getting there.''
‘’Because it is.’’
He opened his eyes and felt them fill with his familiar grace, making it so that he could read the different connections to heaven,
with her favourite crystals in the entire world. Either way, he wanted to get the real ones because only the real ones would be good enough for her, even
Oh hell no. Dean was not having it.
Castiel knew they were looking for him, he’d heard Dean pray to him, to stay where he was. That prayer had been a waste of time, but Castiel did know now that the brothers were looking for him.
''You don't have to do it alone, you know that? Right Cas?'' Dean asked as he placed the two mugs on the table.
He screamed and screamed as Michael brought the scourge down again and again, never stopping and never wavering.
He was just going to be very careful.
‘’Stop.’’ Zachariah ordered.
Sam stood up, walking over to Jack to try and comfort him.
‘’Please tell me you’re not gonna make another t-shirt.’’ Sam said.
So yeah I may  just have written this instead of sleeping.
After what felt like hours, Michael finally stopped.
Chuck made a fist. And Dean started to choke.
''And Michael. Like I said, you're not going anywhere. Except with us.''
He’d failed Dean.
‘’Yeah, Doesn’t need stitches I think. I’m gonna take a shower.’’
Castiel wasn’t sure if he could take that right now.
Castiel doubted that Luke wouldn't tell Meg, but right now he couldn't care less, it's not like she doesn't know that he left the party with Dean.
‘’Cas told me, he, apparently, I, I’m his…’’
Again.
‘’Are you alone? How are you still alive?’’
Sam was holding the emergency kit and a few towels and Jack was focused on not dropping the bowl of warm water he was holding between his hands tightly.
‘’Please. Just say it Dean.’’
''Dammit Jack! I told you to stay in the bunker. How did you even get here?''
In Dean’s hand was a perfectly rolled joint.
And he hungered for it.
''I love you..'' Dean managed to gasp out between kisses.
‘’But I think I know, I think I know, now. Happiness isn’t in the having, it’s in just being, it’s in just saying it.’’
I used to feel frustrated, sometimes, but even after that one time I left, when I was ready to move on from you, I came back. I hope you know I will always find my way back to you.
‘’Do- do you have any siblings?’’ Dean asked Cas.
So he gathered himself together and helped Sam get up, and walked into the room.
Cas giggled.
‘’Sam I know, I- I’m just waiting for the right time.’’
They could contain an archangel.
‘’Been here all night?’’
‘’You’re worried.’’
Dean’s smile dropped quickly as he realised what Cas found so funny.
‘’Since when do we kill humans Dean?’’
''I know.''
‘’Do you regret it?’’
this chapter came so easy for me, I barely had to think about it.
But he’d been so mad.
But Castiel couldn’t pinpoint the other presence.
Dean started to feel defeated when Cas said;
Castiel wasn't really a big talker, and neither was Sam. So they walked in silence, and Castiel had nothing to distract his mind from going back to the Empty, at one point it became too much and he had to stop walking, he squeezed his eyes shut, but the black only got worse behind his eyelids.
‘’I said it before and I’ll say it again, we should’ve done that so much sooner.’’ Dean said, a grin on his face.
Michael placed a feet on Castiel back, pinning him to the ground.
Then the eyes switched to blue.
being awake. So release me and save yourself.’’
‘’But he got out of It fine.’’
Dean placed his arms on the back of Cas’s back, between the ruined wings.
‘’Hey, it’s okay. I’m going to sit next to you on the bed, okay?’’
‘’Don’t like the weather there.’’ She said and then the doors closed, leaving Castiel alone with his thoughts in the dark as the engine started.
Louise walked over to the tray again and Castiel slowly raised his head, he hadn’t looked at Dean since the whipping started, he hated the fact that Dean had seen him this low, this broken… this useless.
They closed their already small distance between each other with a kiss.
Dean didn’t even have to try to get him to blush, and okay- Cas might be a bit rusty as well, but he’d been busy with school and trying to make sure Meg and Luke didn’t burn down the entire building when he wasn’t looking.
‘’Ishim and Zachariah well.. Let’s just say they believe whatever my parents say blindly, and my parents should be questioned for their methods or at least
‘’Yeah.’’ Tears shot into Deans eyes.
''Yeha Sammy, any news on Michael?''
''You don't sound fine.''
‘’I don’t.. not
‘’So what changed?’’
''Of course.''
‘’Hey Cas.’’
Castiel frowned, not getting why Dean would be doing that.
Gabriel nodded.
And maybe, he would be old and at peace once the Empty came to take him.
How the hell would he be able to work on his essay like this?
Sam sighed and rolled his eyes.
‘’He broke me.’’
Castiel blushed, very unwillingly,
‘’Sit down.’’
He was worried for his friend, and for his brother who was slowly driving him insane.
His Enochian wasn’t flawless but Dean thought he did an okay job.
A figure walked in the bunker when everyone was asleep.
He belonged with them, his family.
‘’Your wings are up for a grooming Cassie, seems time you get a though, good and long session.’’
Castiel took a deep breath and braced himself as Sam's hand settled over his broken metacarpal bone.
‘’Why are you telling me this now?’’
‘’I was just playing with him, but he wasn’t being so nice, so I let him cool down a bit.’’
They had been waiting and Dean was holding the one thing that could kill him in his hands.
‘’Hey! I’m sorry I never got the chance to experiment, it’s not like I had such a warm and accepting household- you know it, it never meant I didn’t want to do this, I just had this little voice saying I couldn’t.’’
Dean stared at the familiar movement before answering.
‘’Please.’’ Luke huffed. ‘’You almost broke down the bathroom door one time because I played it
them I suggest you check the trigger warnings in the notes to see what they are before reading.
And although he felt good about the way he handled things because for once in a very long time he’d stood his ground.. he wanted Dean to call him back, to apologise and talk it out over a beer.
‘’I don’t think I need food. Most of the damage on my grace and vessel is healed already.’’
And he couldn’t even think about Jack.
‘’That’s cute Dean, and dumb, because there’s nothing to
And when he got the silver whip out... Dean felt tears slowly tracing down his face, as he also saw them fell down Castiel’s face.
“I know he is. And I’ll kill god again If this is-”
‘’What?’’
Cas and Dean joined them, they sadly had to fight Garth (who was under influence by Michael) but they were able to knock him out.
Zachariah went to stand behind Cas and started to whip his back with a scourge made of melted down angel blades.
Cas nodded.
While Cas had been stuck in the corner re-living all his mistakes,
Castiel couldn't make out the reply from the other side of the phone.
Castiel nodded.
''Not real.''
‘’Well… I try to. I’m just bad at it.’’
‘’Leaving so soon? you haven’’t even eaten anything yet.’’
But he needed to know.
Sam had to run after him since his brother was already walking his bowlegs over to the front door with big speed.
She grabbed Castiel by his wings, (which Dean confirmed were definitely a 100% real) and dragged his lifeless body out of the freezing room.
But because Cas was Cas that was exactly what he did, he spread his wings out and folded them around Dean, so now they we're both sitting in a really dark, and warm cocoon of feathers.
Castiel appeared to be falling in slow motion, Dean hurried over to catch his best friend, and carefully gathered the angel in his arms.
What dumbass was knocking on his door at 3AM?
‘’Now get him out.’’
''Ash's?'
''The empty told me it wanted to see me suffer, to go back to my normal life. To forget about what happened, and when I will allow myself to be happy, it will come to take me.''
‘’Shut up. And get. Him. Out. I won’t ask another time.’’
He send out a small signal with his grace to Dean’s hand that had been intertwined with his underneath the table.
‘’You’re gonna sleep on the ground?’’
Sam rolled his eyes. But turned around and went up the stairs.
Sam looked between the two and decided they probably needed some privacy for this part.’’I’ll be- in the car.’’
Dean had to drive careful, every time the car drove over a speed bump there was a pained sound to be heard from the backseat, which made Dean wish they could drive back to the bunker faster.
After Cas had screamed and passed out Zachariah was gone, and so was the tv.
Dean was losing his patience.
''Good. How you feeling?''
so they wouldn’t be caught smoking weed by anyone.
Just when he was about to throw a tantrum and start punching things, a black goo spilled all over the sigil, it absorbed all the things laying in it and slowly formed a figure.
‘’You think he actually can? And that you’re going to let him?’’
‘’There won’t be a right time. It’s a stupid excuse for not telling him, you fight monsters for a goddamn living! Yet you two run around each other like two scared school crushes and I’m so done with it!’’
Normally it was Sam to figure out things like this.
‘’I really fucked up with, didn’t I?’’ Dean asks after he took a big gulp from his beer.
‘’I think he knew Dean, I think he knew.’’
‘’Then I think it’s time to deal with my dad and fight over who get’s custody of my baby brother, I’m rooting for me.’’
He just hoped he was still going to be able to protect them when the time came.
So Cas had received it!
‘’Let him go, he needs some air.’’
Dean didn’t bothering looking up from the menu and the waitress looked disappointed.
Dean was awoken by a text, he slowly untangled from Cas’s grip and grabbed his phone.
But that didn’t mean he wouldn’t try to go and get it.
I have a somewhat longer chapter than usual to make up for it though.
''I have something of yours. He says hello.''
He could not sense God’s presence.
‘’Oh.’’
How could Castiel say no to that?
‘’Castiel, who gives so much to his so called
‘’Let’s get you back in the chair.’’
At last, what felt like eternity, Louise stopped.
‘’Bitch.’’
‘’No.’’
‘’Weird.’’
Teleport them to deserved safety.
‘’Yeah, but that bitch-..’’
‘’Fine. We’ll set them free, Doesn’t mean I’m happy about it, and I think it’s gonna be a hell of a mess to clean in the future, but.. yeah, nobody deserves that.’’
‘’He can try. Samandriel though-
What it
‘’Why would I do that you ask? Because my ending involves one of the Winchester brothers killing the other. Dead. No coming backs. Not while I’m around which is.. forever. So. You guys have 2 weeks. 2 weeks before I will do worse with Cas than him becoming human. Fight it out, see you soon.’’
But at the moment it seemed like god was too occupied pulling an angel blade out of his stomach.
‘’I won’t allow it to happen again. The line is dead. And it will stay that way. Castiel will never know you loved him back.’’
‘’Wow. That’s, that’s, wow.’’
''Angels don't belong there. Except Lucifer.''
There was a knock on the door.
‘’Cas, I don’t know if u can hear me. probably not, but I need you to know that, that, from the start I always had to protect Sam ya’ know. I had to, and I wanted to, of course, but I guess somewhere along the way I wanted to protect everyone else too, which is impossible because, well, we’ve met god, and he’s one angry little asshole.
And while the dinner hadn’t been entirely full, it was easy to notice that nobody was moving.
He knew that he wasn’t going to be able to stop them from finding him, they would find him.
‘’I know it’s stupid but, I guess, I was scared of not being accepted, or something, kinda my dad’s fault, some people don’t like it when they see two men kissing, at least the people my dad used to hang around, and with us hunting- we come across a lot of people like that, and I never realised that most people actually don’t care.’’
But he just didn’t have the juice at the moment.
‘’I’m sorry?’’ Castiel frowned.
Michael muttered an Enochian phrase.
‘’You need something to bite down on?’’
‘’Dean? I think I found something!’’
It wasn't important, right now.
‘’What happened?’’ Dean looked over Sam’s shoulder, and that was when Sam noticed something was missing.
‘’Got ya.’’ Was whispered in the room a few minutes later.
‘’Yes, but I could wait another eternity if it means I get to have this.’’
And after Dean’s prayer, he really had nothing to fight for left.
Dean and Sam were now busy loading their guns with melted down angel blades and Jack went through the battle tactics he had learned from all of them one last time with his own angel blade.
‘’I think the fall just wounded them, but Louise did worse.. Maybe they just need time? I don’t think there is anything else we can give him right now.’’
‘’Four days and 2 hours ago.’’
Sam let himself crash down next to Dean, both sitting with their backs against the wall.
‘’But you’re right, Cas is a member of our doomed family and with that comes having no self esteem and throwing yourself in the face of death whenever we have the change. So let’s find him.’’
‘’Happiness isn’t in the having Dean, It’s in the just being.’’
___________________
‘’Oh and now you look up.’’
(See the end of the chapter for
‘’Nothing.’’
Dean held Cas a little closer to his chest and both Dean and Sam shielded their ears for what came next.
Okay, not the best reaction, maybe too early on for the important things.
He grinned.
…No Eileen.
‘’In theory, it could. But I don’t think Louise was able too, seems like she was mainly just trying to get to us, and decided to add every monster in between to her collection.’’
He knew he should feel sorry for her, they didn’t kill humans. But nobody hurts Cas like that and walks aways, absolutely no fucking body.
Cas laid a hand on the shoulder of the youngest Winchester and zapped them back to reality.
But it seemed like that was going to change soon, because the woman lifted Castiel over her shoulder and carried him out of the motel.
‘’Right.. what could go wrong?’’ Castiel threw the vodka shot in his mouth, and swallowed.
Dean dropped the gun as he fell to his knees and Louise reached for it, aimed it at Sam and shot him in the leg.
So if Chuck was playing nasty, he was going to play nasty too.
‘’I don’t want to do anything else.. I- I love you Dean.’’
Was god trying to make him feel even more bad about the entire situation with Dean?
Dean was so in shock that he almost forgot to kiss back, but when he did, it felt so right.
‘’No, you can’t die altogether.’’
Suddenly Dean's face hardened, he nodded tightly and swallowed, like he had to bring that information and his emotions down to his stomach.
‘’You know. I’ve done more damage than what you saw inside him, Gabriel.’’
Castiel closed his eyes, but when nothing came he slowly opened them again.
him. I will be back shortly. ’’
Dean didn’t see Sam’s smile at the small gesture until he turned because he almost forgot to ask his brother something.
''We are wasting time. Dean is going to fight you. He knows you're here, and he knows we need him.'' Castiel said, he locked eyes with Dean as he said the last words of that sentence, letting Dean know that mainly- Castiel needed him.
''Oh my god, I didn't need comformation Dean jezus. Now I'm seeing it. I need a shower.''
‘’I’ve missed you Dean.’’ Maybe it was because he had just woken up, but Castiel felt sentimental, grateful. Happy even, if he ignored the aching pain in his wings.
Sometimes he would punish me with physical pain, other times he just used my wrongs against me, he also liked to mock me by talking about how you didn’t want me…’’
‘’You heard him. No is no. Now Fuck off.’’ Gabriel growled.
You only do that when you’ve seen someone cute or when
Chuck snapped his fingers.
''No-No.. I'm fine. Everything is okay.''
But that’s a story for another time.
his hand with an adoring look on his face.
‘’Cas. I told you, you can tell me how you feel.’’
‘’You.’’
Even Cas didn’t like the quiet, and he would often wander the kitchen late at night and try to pick something up on angel radio, Dean would find him in these times and they would talk in hushed voices before going back to the room they now shared.
She made him stop right before a room, the door was made of glass and there were big windows so you could see almost everything in the room. The glass itself was frozen, and Castiel could feel the cold from where he stood, he calculated his chances and if she kept the handcuffs on him he would be completely frozen within 2 hours, but the cold could never kill him.
Jack had been staring at Michael's body and dropped the blade in horror.
If Castiel could roll his eyes at that, he would’ve.
Their food took a long time to make apparently.
‘’We’re doing too much talking.’’
They fell asleep against each other.
So no matter what deal you made, no matter what consequences, I need you to tell me, and we can deal with whatever it is,
This was one fucked up situation.
For Castiel that hadn’t been the case,
Cas nodded quickly.
‘’Keep an eye on my lil bro will you!’’
‘’He’s 14 and he’s stood by that since he was 8 years old.’’
‘’What, uh… no?’’
‘’Cas!’’ Dean dropped whatever he’d been holding and swinged his arms around Castiel, who was still sitting on the ground with a feeling comparable with jetlag.
It didn’t matter now, all that matters is that Dean figured out where Chuck would take Cas to make him suffer the most.
‘’It’s not me that did this. I don’t break promises. But apparently Zachariah does, and he will pay for this. So will Uriel, but this is not why I’m here… no, it’s the next part that really amuses me.’’
There had to be some kind of tracking spell they could use, right?
Chuck walked him over to the chair very slowly, because Cas was still very clearly hurting from his injuries, but eventually they made it,
‘’.. I don’t know. What I do know is that Chuck thinks you can fuck things up real good for him. And I know you can. We’re coming to help you with it. But.. what I’m trying to say is.. hang in there. Don’t give up. We’re going to keep fighting. You know the drill.’’
Dean grinned and winked at his brother.
‘’Cas? Hey! You with us buddy?’’ Dean grabbed Cas’s shoulder and green eyes met clouded ocean blue onces.
He hadn’t even reached the good part yet.
Then in one quick movement, Chuck grabbed the angel blade out of Cas’ hand and shoved it in his stomach.
‘’Can you focus on one of them?’’
''I have to admit, I though you wouldn't break that easily. You seemed stronger than that. But now I know were your boundaries are, the things that are to come are going to be so much more enjoyable.''
He clenched his teeth as she started to force his wings out, he tried to fight it, but it was no good. When she’d finished her chant, he threw his head back and let out a scream as two giant wings forced his way through the ethereal plane and into this world.
‘’What? You just wanted me to let you rot there? With that kind of fate?’’
‘’You son of a bitch.’’
‘’Okay. I’ll save my
‘’I am real! I’m here.. listen to me Cas, God showed us what they did to you.. And I’m so so sorry for everything, but
They made their way into the Impala, Dean had layed Castiel in the backseat. The angel hadn't woken up, but grunted in discomfort as his wings were folded to fit inside the car.
‘’We need to get him into the car, think you can help me Sam?’’
‘’Nobody’s going to die except Chuck.’’
''I'm just stating the facts Dean, there's another war coming and right now, we are losing.''
Dean was sick of acting like everything was fine.
He could fly high above the towns and buildings his father’s creation had build, he would admire them from above, watched the sun set and the little lights turn on as the humans got ready to eliminate the dark. He could fly even higher and touch the clouds, making figures in them with his wings.
‘’Get him out of those restrains!’’
He used to barely notice when Cas left, because he knew that he would be back. Dean was already feeling guilty about the fight, and then he got taken… That guilt mixed with anger.. sadness…maybe even desperation.
For his next trick, he needed to cross a big
‘’Really?’’
‘’Hey? …Cas!’’
''I- i don't sleep...''
''... I'm curious to say how much Castiel can take before he starts begging me to kill him again.''
And Gabriel wished he could teleport all of them away.
teenager on campus right here, in your own dorm, for free?’’
But he didn't- It was like he didn't notice his feet walking.
''Thanks Sam.'' Gabriel smiled.
‘’You were always my least favourite. You spoiled, ungrateful- ‘’
He just had to make sure that that angel wouldn’t use that connection to his own advantage.
Dean seemed to care though.
Something in his gut was telling him he need to go back to the bunker.
His breathing was still ragged, but he didn’t seem to be in any physical pain.
did there was another knock a bit too loud for Cas's liking..
, abandoned and alone. It seems fitting doesn’t it?’’
To let god kill him and let it be done with.
‘’No- I do. I love spending time with you. But right now I just want to go home and rest. I’m tired.’’
Chapter 11
Chuck sighed dramatically.
‘’I’ve realised that too… So I changed my plan. Do you see the room right before yours? It’s not frozen, I kept it warm and cozy. But your Dean will be locked up in there, I’m going to make sure he will never leave that room, he will die in there and he won’t be able to even touch you.’’
Castiel, soldier of heaven, angel of the lord, though demon- smiting Castiel, but also Cas, vulnerable, emotion exploring, caring, Cas, was crying.
‘’Dean…The door is still that way?
There was a moment of silence.
Sam got to them as fast as his injured leg allowed.
‘’No need for such Language.’’
He walked around the car and took place on the drivers seat.
Castiel grimaced, but went to lay down on the chair.
and some man, woman, and their teenager
The angel responded with a sigh, but gave in and started to talk.
‘’Quite literally a few times.’’
he didn’t want to say goodbye to Cas,
Dean ran over to Cas, (leaving the blade in Chuck’s stomach) took him out of the chair carefully, and carried him over to the corner where Sam was standing bridal style.
''Don't ever leave me again.''
Castiel frowned and looked up to Dean.
‘’…Or, what about … you can do as I say, get in that chair- with or without my help. And I’ll let you sleep.’’
Dean laughed as he handed Castiel a clean t-shirt.
‘’Dean.. Even she saw it, and she hadn’t even met us. How blind are we? I’ve been an angel for my entire life. I’m not supposed to feel anything. I’m supposed to fight and not question anything.
Sam nodded.
‘’Thanks, so it gave me this proposal, I could let you rot in the empty, or kill the empty and have you stuck glitching between heaven, hell, and everything in between,
‘’Dean, leaving the bunker was his own decision.
The weird taste could be explained by the fact that the towel still had
‘’Michael.. please..help me.’’
His friend was shot, but he could heal from that right?
''Promise me you won't, even if he hurts Cas.''
''We're Winchesters after all.''
‘’You need my assistance, I’m gonna be fine Dean. She’s dead.’’
At least, it always seemed like Cas could open up better to Dean.
''I've grown used to them like this.''
Castiel huffed.
‘’He’s strong though. He can take it.’’
‘’Goodbye Cassie, have a nice stay.’’
‘’Well, I say let’s find god and stab him.’’
''Nobody is gonna die. Except for you Michael, and when we're done with you, you're gonna wish that Lucifer had killed you when he had the chance.''
‘’Dean? Why are you out of bed?’’
Sam and Castiel fell to the ground.
‘’And do you care to remember how he comes back?! He comes back bloody and broken and barely alive! He doesn’t give a shit about himself and it scares me to death! I’m sick of it Sam, we’re going to find him BEFORE some rogue angel or demon does this time.’’
‘’I could’ve sworn I closed that door last night.’’
He still didn’t want to say it.
‘’Sometimes when you and Sam are asleep I take the impala for a drive and go star gazing. I don’t know why I don’t take my own car but I guess I like this one better. Feel more save with it.’’
Most students try and make their dorm feel at home as fast as possible, because homesickness is a thing that a lot of them go through in the first weeks.
‘’Hold on Buddy, Sam! Little help here!’’
Should he leave the Winchesters?
Tell me what you thought of this story, I always love to hear your opinions!
The outfit looked ridiculous on Castiel.
Castiel smiled as he know what Jack meant.
They still seemed too empty though.
''What does that mean?'' Dean asked concern clearly showing on his face.
‘’I don’t get why you don’t want my company, but if that is your wish, it will be my command.’’
It had been one of the best nights if not the best night of Cas’ life.
day.’’
Castiel frowned, Chuck’s faced shifted and the angel obeyed quick after that.
''I think so.. Do you think that would work?''
‘’…You’re not the right person to teach him that lesson.’’
__________________
But Dean had never completely forgotten about it, he had always thought he would ask Cas about it again someday. He never did though, the subject was too sensitive.. and their relationship was already so complicated.
‘’Dean, I think she’s also been experimenting on Angels.’’
‘’Sure. Then what did you check?’’
‘’Thank you Joshua, we will give it everything we have.’’
So his new plan was to annoy the living shit out of Zachariah and Uriel, see who loses their tamper first, have god be mad at the both of them, and use his own blood to slip and kick his way out of his Enochian-cuffs.
‘’How are we gonna free all these without them killing us?’’ Dean asked, changing the subject.
‘’Why are you here?’’
The angel didn’t leave marks, he had no belongings to forget and even if he had he would be careful enough to make sure he took everything with him.
But tears started to form in the corners of his eyes.
___________
After looking at Dean and Sam for a second the woman decided they looked sane enough and answered that she had checked Castiel in in room 5B.
''You're possesed by Michael.'' Sam said.
There was only fire, the hot burning searing pain that flew through his body.
‘’What?’’
‘’I know that you’re all friendly with Dean now, and I’m grateful for what you did for us, but I still don’t trust you Gabriel.’’
‘’And pretty drained. Now I can’t do shit anymore.’’
He punched Michael in the face and he the archangel went limp.
‘’Then what am I?’’
‘’Gabe can taste sweet stuff.’’
''Dean, do you remember what happened?''
Dean often wonders what Cas’s real form looks like.
‘’Woah, Deja vu. I keep telling you Winchesters, I’m a bitch to kill.’’
‘’Well, my back’s being a bitch. Can’t hurt to try.’’
‘’Crazy? Are ya crazy?’’
Dean knew Sam was right, but that didn’t stop the feeling in his gut telling him something was wrong.
Castiel’s thoughts went back to that night for just a mere second and even though he tried he
Once Castiel calmed down a bit, Dean tried to remove the towel once again. This time Castiel let him, as the pain was not firery and constant anymore but rather a throbbing reminder every now and then.
‘’Well, it would’ve been easy for him to just buy the fakes, but maybe his wife had personal attachments to these jewels, or they may have been decorated
But the way Castiel so strongly believes it is, makes him almost believe it was.
Cas’s eyes became wide, and he was sure he would’ve cried if he wasn’t already in such a vulnerable position.
‘’it’s my brother Sam, he’s a few years younger than me, but like, twice as smart.’’ Dean answered.
His head was hurting. Really bad, and he couldn’t remember what happened or why he was in the bunker instead of in Heaven or dead.
‘’Birdy needs room for his feathers. It’s fine Sam. You can take that shower now, I can smell you from here.’’
‘’He didn’t. He, he- thought.’’
You guys getting up or are you gonna eat in bed like the spoiled princesses you are?’’
Dean got a flashback of another time Cas had raised his voice like that.
“You said it yourself. He’s though.”
And yes- Maybe it wasn’t the smartest move to watch a show he really enjoyed while drunk, because tomorrow he wouldn’t remember any of it.
The door closed and Castiel folded his wings around himself to give him somewhat protection against the cold.
Castiel left his friends behind and slowly started to make his way to Dean through the crowd.
‘’Like I would get anywhere.’’ Castiel sighed.
She looked at Dean and Sam could easily read her face.
They were silent for a few seconds, until Cas remembered something.
He wish he could close his eyes, for just a second.
Normally he wouldn’t have to count, he would just knew how many had passed, but since the cuffs were making him basically human, he had to try to follow the right and lefts the van took, and count the seconds to know how long he was going to have to walk back to the motel if he managed to escape.
‘’What?’’
Normally he would wait for it to calm down until there were fewer angels left and the message could be heard, but after a few minutes when they still hadn’t gone even a few decibels down and Dean’s face had grown full of worry, he supposed maybe it was worth a shot.
Cas was covered with black gue as he walked into an lake and released the leviathans.
‘’You’re boring me too.’’
And Dean breathed.
‘’Yeah, just came by to support good ol’ Gabe here. And to say. Fuck you.’’
‘’What are they saying?’’
‘’I drive fine! I just don’t want to crash this car because I know you will kill me if I do, even though your drive style is up there with suicidal.’’
‘’But wat you said..’’
No reaction.
‘’Why are they black Cassie? I’ve never seen black wings before. All your brothers and sisters have white wings. What makes you so special?’’
‘’I can’t, I can’t… I’m sorry but I cannot stay here. I need to go.’’
‘’I’m sorry.’’
Dean pulled them all together in a groupshug as realisation hit him.
Cas's eyes shifted to the joint, ‘’You know that’s not allowed on campus either right?’’
Dean laughed.
His hands were cuffed to the chair, as were his ankles. Just like last time.
Zachariah seems impressed at that one. And it gave Castiel a small amount of satisfaction to see the surprise on his face.
‘’Bitch.’’ Dean said out loud, but he couldn’t stop a small smile appearing on his lips.
‘’But the only monster-‘’
He felt her lift him up and heard the sound of metal chains as she put much heavier cuffs on him which were attached to the ceiling.
He heard the slow click of heels coming closer.
It was at that moment.. Castiel felt something far away.
And I think, yes this ending would be nice wouldn't it?
‘’Nope. So, what’ya say? We gonna you another round of coffee and get high or you gonna stare at that real empty lookin' paper for another 4 hours?’’
He looked over Chuck’s shoulder, smiled, and nodded slowly.
Chuck looked at Sam and Dean and grinned.
Dean pulled away after he bit on Castiel’s lower lip teasingly with a smirk on his face.
‘’Don’t call me that.’’ Castiel hissed, not lowering his weapon.
‘’Yeah, me too.’’
''Where are we?''
He drove. Not knowing where he was going but knowing he was needed somehwere.
‘’Yeah, and it’s also the thing that’s gonna solve this damn mess, and give us a hard earned vacation.’’
''Can you walk? Or do I have to carry you again?''
Happy new year!
But he would’ve never guessed that he would mess things up with Dean too.
Hello!
____________________
‘’Only if you give me a good reason too.’’
Castiel shouted in agony. Dean was suprised to see tears forming in the angels eyes.
‘’You’re not a magician.’’
Dean swallowed, nodded, and broke down.
‘’Well.. He once said we have a more.. profound band. I think it has to do with him pulling me out of hell and his weird handscar on my shoulder. It may help me cast the spell better or something.’’
‘’Oh my god Cas. We need to wake him up. What is Chuck doing to him?!’’
''So what, he just let me have a little chit-chat with you? He handed me the controler like that?'' Dean snapped his finger.
at the blank walls of his boring dorm room, it made Cas smile to himself.
‘’He’s gone, Sammy, forever, and I never said, I never told him-‘’
Cas was dreaming, or to be more specific having nightmares.
His brother just shook his head and buried himself in Sam’s shoulder as if it was his last lifeline
Dean’s eyes widened.
‘’Jack?’’
‘’I see in this building, is
Dean laughed at that, and Castiel was sure it was one of the prettiest laughs
‘’Right. Well, I was stubborn at first, thought I could escape. But he.. tortured me. That wasn’t the hard part but he kept telling me these things… ‘’
pulled the young man closer while going in for a kiss.
Castiel wanted to know more about Dean, he wanted to know what and who was important to Dean and how he would react if Cas were to ask about those important things.
‘’When will you tell him?’’
______________________________
‘’It’s going to be fun watching him fall apart.’’
‘’Dean, step aside!’’ Gabriel yelled.
Michael ripped open Castiel's white blouse.
That angel had tortured and brainwashed thousands of angels, but none of them had been treated as harsh and as much as Castiel.
Praying was so hard. Normally you waited for a response, but now you couldn’t see how the other person was feeling, and although it was already hard to tell with Cas, Dean was scared he was going to say the wrong things.
‘’Okay, good. Wake me if you need anything.’’ Dean placed his jacket under his head and got comfortable on the ground.
He hold his phone in one hand while he was holding an angel blade in the other.
That would shatter his already broken heart.
‘’Sassy Sam.’’ Dean muttered under his breath.
‘’I always wondered, ever since I took that burden, that curse I wondered what it could be, what, what my true happiness could even look like. I never found an answer.’’
''Mmhpff...'' Dean looked over to see if Castiel was okay with this and actually saw the angel biting his lips while his eyes were closed.
Dean was the one to pull away, he had to make sure Cas knew, that he’d understand. That Dean wanted him alive. And with him. Forever.
‘’What did you say?’’ Dean snapped back.
‘’What?’’
Tw// Alcohol
that Cas didn’t want to show his unease with Sam and Gabriel in the room.
‘’No. You called this on your self.’’
''All of it?''
‘’How come you don’t get along with some of your siblings?’’
‘’Hey Buddy…’’
Cas said still not looking up from his work.
‘’You mutter in your sleep, it was distracting me.’’
‘’Let’s keep it friendly please. I’m not done talking. So shut up.’’ He snapped his fingers again and Dean and Sam couldn’t talk.
Have some angst to celebrate 2019.
‘’Yes.’’
Dean grinned as he reached over Castiel to grab something underneath the bed. ‘’I’m always prepared for an after-party.’’ He handed Castiel a bottle of vodka
''Than why this? Why go through all this trouble of torturing me and teaching me a ''lesson'' When I'm going to die anyways?''
‘’Lucifer?’’
say goodbye to Cas, because Cas wasn’t going to leave.
‘’Hey, what can I say?’’ Dean shrugged.
He looked around to see if it had waken Luke up and when he heard slight snoring coming from his closed door, Cas stood up and walked to the door slowly, as he
Castiel stepped out of the impala stubbornly but immediately fell to the ground.
Maybe home was the smile Dean gave after he said that.
He had no clue If Cas was going to be able to hear him.. but he couldn’t keep doing nothing.
__________
‘’And I told you, that I’m good. These pancakes are not. Can we go back to the bunker?’’
_____
‘’Why the fuck would you drink alone when you’ve got all the alcohol of every anxious
‘’What?’’
Dean let out a shaky breath, and shook his head.
Then his eyes travelled over to where Dean had been pointing and he connected the dots.
Dean didn’t want a crapy hotel room, he wanted to take care of Cas in their home.
Dean clenched his teeth. But didn’t say anything.
Castiel couldn't heal because of the cuffs keeping his grace stored away. But he was still too much Angel to bleed to death.
‘’Yup, but save that frustration directed at my brilliant ideas for later, it- it gets worse, and I kind of don’t want to joke about it.’’
‘’No. Not again.’’ Sam breathed out.
‘’He’s awake!’’ Gabriel yelled as he started to run in the direction of Castiel’s room.
Cas didn’t reply.
More updates to come.
Then he remember what had happened that got him here and tried to relax.
‘’They work… for the most part.’’ Dean shrugged.
''It seems they finally stopped bleeding, they still don't look good though.''
Meaning it was probably Enochian, but not everything went lost on Dean.
‘’Hand me the blade, we need to get these fucking cuffs off.’’
Cas meant it as he told this, now less stranger, '’I know I’m proud.’’
‘’I was there, but you were too out of it and kept saying I wasn’t real.’’
He raised his head slightly, frowned at chuck, and let his head back down again.
‘’It’s not this chair in particular, we have a lot of them in heaven and when Angels like Cas sit down in one of them, they all mean the same thing. Pain is coming. It was a great way to make him question where he was, because I think at this point every angel born after me suffers from flashbacks with that damn chair in it. ’’
Castiel silently hoped that he didn't remember what Michael had said, avoiding what would be an uncomfortable conversation.
And he still denied his feelings.
I guess.. I was just scared. Scared of facing- .. ‘’
Satisfied, the figure walked out of the room.
But he kept it secret for a reason, probably not wanting to add another burden to the long list of shit they were dealing with at the moment.
''Cas? You okay?''
Castiel awoke, he didn’t feel cold.. he felt warmth all around him.
Dean couldn’t do it.
‘’I don’t know Dean. Can somebody please tell me what happened?’’ Castiel said annoyed, he was trying to get the attention away from him and the six guilt felt eyes staring at him along with it.
But that was a problem for another time.
He didn't have control.
Castiel noticed that he got tired after driving for a while.
Cas noticed Dean did that a lot, he always needs to have or do something with his hands, he fidgeted a lot, subconsciously or not, but Cas didn’t mind, he just wondered why that was so he stored it away in his brain to ask about another time, it wasn't important for now.
''Come see this for a sec.''
Some old cameos, some justice. Some plot twist.
‘'I love you. I love you.’’
‘’Is- Is he breathing?’’ Sam asked giving his brother a worried look.
_______________
''My head, my rules.'' Dean slammed his hand into an sigil and Michael screamed as he was banished from Dean in a blaze of light.
''I have a plan. Do we still have the electrics that Toni used so Dean could enter Mary's minds?''
Dean carefully lifted Castiel in his arms.
He couldn’t lie to himself any longer.
‘’Is that I can end him. Not make him human, we’re past that
‘’Look at me Cas. C’mon. Yeah, that’s it. Thank you.’’
“Dean, you’re my brother and I love you just for who you are – but please spare me the details,” Sam wailed.
“I thought you might be hungry, so I cooked a little something.”
Dean and Cas watched in horror as if in slow motion. Out of his peripheral vision, Dean suddenly saw a black shadow. As the shot went off with a deafening racket, something big and heavy bumped into John. He fell to the ground. With relief, Dean noticed it was Sam – he had been quick-witted enough to shove their dad out of harm’s way. Now John lay on his back, with Sammy next to him, both of them looking confused. Zachariah towered above them like a storm cloud, bitter and dangerous like an iron thorn. He frowned angrily, raised his gun once more.
With a tiny smile Castiel observed Dean’s grimace and hunched shoulders as he made his way through the downpour as well, holding two paper cups in his hands. He was slowly approaching the parked Impala, unperturbed by the constant downfall, as he balanced the drinks carefully, though Castiel could see from a distance that the paper cups had plastic lids. There was no need for this heedfulness – Castiel supposed it was Dean's nature to double-check things no matter what, so he decided not to comment on it as soon as Dean would make it to the Impala.
“Do you really want me to answer that question?”
"God, yes", Castiel gasped and writhed sensually against Dean's working hand, his mouth fell open in a silent scream, his full lips were trembling. Dean removed his hands from Castiel's body all of a sudden, and he smiled a little when Castiel opened his eyes, discontent plainly visible in his darkened eyes. He examined Castiel's reactions closely as his fingers fled to Castiel's waistband, undoing the fly deftly with rough movements. The other man gasped, his eyes fell slightly shut, as Dean shoved the disturbing fabric aside, he pulled his tight-fitting, black pants down hungrily. Castiel's eyes became hazy, unfocussed, the moment Dean dared to lay his hand on the fully erect, throbbing dick in front of him. He closed his palm around it, and squeezed the hard flesh in his fist, all the while observing Castiel. It was the hottest thing to hear him moan and to feel him twitch in his grip as their heavy-lidded eyes were fixed on each other – he could see the inflamed lust in those dark, blue orbs, it touched a sore sensitivity in Dean. He sensed his own cock was painfully hard, growing huge in his narrowing jeans, but, for the love of God, he couldn't stop attending to Castiel's need, forgoing his own release.
“What are you still doing here? I thought Anna kicked you out.”
A subconscious strain left Dean's shoulders, as if a terrible weight had suddenly been lifted from him once he heard Bobby say that. He hadn't been aware how much it had bothered him to know there were still a dozen of demons out there in the countryside. The distant thought had been gnawing on his brain – what would happen if someone found them? If someone walked in on them and was persuaded to destroy the fine line between safety and decay? Now he was sure the folks Bobby knew were trustworthy and experienced enough. Before he could thank Bobby, the beardy man continued talking.
five minutes, and shoot your shot. What could go wrong?’’
But Dean seemed to be trying to get Castiel’s attention, so he looked.
''Cas, stop being stubborn. I need to take a look at those wounds, they haven't stop bleeding yet!''
Dean tried to kick the door in, and when that didn’t work he tried shooting it, and when that didn’t work he stepped aside so his giant brother could try kicking it in, which again had no effect.
What was happening?
radio silent.
‘’Can I ask you something?’’
He didn’t expect Castiel to suddenly wake up, but c’mon, now is the time.
If you have to die to say it, please just take it back.
Sam huffed.
Gabriel waved his hand, and the brothers (and Castiel of course)  flickered for a second but were still standing in the same room.
No. That wasn't an option. He'd rather die happy than never see the Winchesters again.
‘’Aren’t you?’’
Nothing happened for what seemed like way too long, and Dean was nervously counting the seconds in his head.
But he also hadn't seen that he  forgot to close the door after he had left Cas’s room.
‘’He said I was immortal, but I’ve always been that. So I didn’t think much of it.. except..’’
‘’You won’t get away with this, I’m not going to become some piece of your collection and neither will Dean.’’
‘’Some pancakes. Dean won’t take no for an answer.’’ Castiel replied.
Dean was somehow still surprised even after his endless flirting and teasing tonight, but only surprised for a second, he quickly recovered, closed his eyes and deepened the kiss.
But he didn't want to go back to the empty.
‘’Did Meg forgot to mention I’ve been here for a whole year already?’’
‘’Hey don’t be like that! We’re getting pancakes!’’
Sam going in alone and getting Jack, Managing to escape the building.
First he needed to figure out how to get out of these doomed chains.
Michael had been pierced by an archangel blade, blue light shining from his eyes as his grace burned out.
Dean smiled. ’’Sam’s not his full name either, his ‘’long’’ name is Samuel, but he hates that name, Sammy annoys him enough though, so that’s my favourite.’’
‘’That’s where you are wrong Cassie, they aren’t. They almost ended the world- several times! And I’m sure Dean killed innocents, probably more than just one.. I know all about his little demon adventure. No, you and the Winchesters need to be stopped. You need to suffer. I’m simply doing my job here Castiel, and it’s long overdue.’’
‘’So what do we do now?’’ Jack said.
He got to see another part of Chuck. And he didn’t want to figure out what would happen if you got on this wrong side.
''It will need some time... But I will heal.''
''Guys, let's just do this home?'' Sam said.
‘’Why the certain faith in my brother? Weren’t you shutting him out completely before this?’’
‘’Story of my life.’’
shitty sitcome.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘’I think you got some minding your own business to do.’’ Dean whispered in Chuck’s ear as he choked on his own blood.
‘’Oh for fuck sake! Just go up to him!’’ Meg snapped.
And usually Cas used every excuse he could get to fly to heaven and away from the Winchesters.
Dean sighed. That word didn’t feel right anymore.
Oh no it's another short chapter
‘’Because we did get robbed in a shady club once, and it was by someone
Sam walked past him to go back to his own room.
for after you’ve finished talking.’’
This time, he stood in front of Castiel.
‘’Eventually he made me sit in a chair and, I really didn’t want too- it’s hard to describe the fear I get from such an insignificant object but.. ‘’
‘’Here, stop.’’
Dean could only hope that drill was enough.
He could feel Cas smile against his lips.
‘’Yeah well, you know how these things go.’’
‘’Coming!’’
‘’I don’t do anything straight.’’ Dean answered.
They were silent for a while, until Dean spoke again.
‘’I think I might do, in a way. ’’
‘’Chuck has something to do with this!’’
Because you cared, I cared.’’
‘’What? Someone needs to teach Castiel a lesson.’’
He died for you and it was his choice. Now who are you to take that away from him?’’
''You forgot to answer yesterday, and I'm kinda curious, who is the kid on the picture next to your bed?''
Dean found Cas sitting on the hood of the impala gazing at the stars,
scythe had also given Dean some hope, a little of the spark in his eyes had come back.
hidden Billie’s scythe under the table in the hopes God couldn’t see it.
''uhm.. It was kind off.. Boring. So I thought I would get my laptop and go back there- but uhm.. seeing Dean, and you and Sam so lifeless.. It was not the best company.''
Castiel wished he could just ignore his brothers…
This is what Dean thought about. Maybe not all the time... but it was always there in that small corner of his memories.
deal, without making another?’’
He placed the knife on his hand, and sighed.
Dean smiled as he took Castiel’s hand in his, Castiel tried very hard to ignore the way that it made his spine tingle as Dean guided him to the door.
