“I’m not saying you haven’t, I’m just saying it's been a while…”
Dean wasn’t sure why he thought of it like that. Maybe it was true, but he also felt like if he were to draw, he probably wouldn’t ever draw himself.
Sam went on to say how he thought they were making progress though, when Sam got Dean to actually open up about all of this, how Dean was starting to seem like his old self just a little, but then all of a sudden Dean shut down. He wouldn’t leave his room, or at least Sam or Eileen had not seen him leave. He told Jack that the only way Sam knew he was even alive in his room was when he heard the sobs, which had become even more frequent. How Dean didn’t even have the energy to filter them during the day now. He and Jack both knew that Dean never did that before, he would always at least try to hide it when he knew they were awake.
Jack didn’t know what exactly to do, but he knew he had to do something and do it right away. So much time had already passed since he’d left them. It had been a few weeks and not a word or sign or anything from him.
Then, he brought his fingers back down, being more gentle now than before. He took his time stretching Dean out, not wanting to hurt him or push him too far, but it soon became apparent that he really was not pushing too far. In fact, Dean was quite vocal about it.
“See? Easy as that,” Dean said smiling up at Cas. “Now let’s finish cracking the rest of the eggs before the bacon needs flipping.”
Cas only ignored him, however. All his attention was on John. His eyes narrowed at the sight of him, trying to hold himself back from attacking him, but he kept walking closer and closer until he was right in front of them.
When they parted Dean rested his forehead on Cas’, holding his gaze.
Dean chuckled slightly, as he brought a hand up to Cas’ face, “Guess we should just...do it?”
“Hi Dean, ‘ts good to hear your voice,” Jody spoke, her voice warm.
“I was always walking on eggshells around him, always so worried that I’d say or do the wrong thing. I always had to watch everything I did. Sometimes one thing would set him off and another time it wouldn’t. It was exhausting, I couldn’t monitor myself all the time, I was young and I was stupid sometimes. It was hard for me to control my emotions.”
Dean shook his head in an attempt to focus on drawing the last of the fourth symbol. Once finished, he stood up and took a few steps away to find another area that was clear enough for what he needed to do.
“Got a case. Go grab uh, whatever it is that you need and we’ll leave in an hour. ‘M gonna let Sam know.”
“No…?” Cas replied, still half unsure as to whatever the hell was happening.
“Hello, Sam,” Cas responded to him. He started heading down the stairs towards where Sam was now standing at the bottom, near the map table. Dean followed behind him a few moments after, trying to collect himself before he had to face his brother, worried that he had seen what was about to happen.
He felt a weight against his back as Cas collapsed against him for a few moments before he heard a noise. He was certain this time he had heard something.
But on a more happy note, I hope everyone enjoyed the wedding yesterday. I really would've updated yesterday but somehow I just kept ending up on Twitter and becoming consumed by the wedding which was beautiful by the way and the PIE oh damn that was good.
Cas had managed to find his way back, the explanation of which only raised several alarming questions.
“I-I didn’t think I’d ever see you again,” Dean sobbed out, his voice breaking.
Still more silence.
“Oh, does this have anything to do with why Jack was here...?”
Cas didn’t respond though, instead one of his hands grabbed Dean’s hip as he lined himself up with Dean and pushed himself slowly inside of him.
"That's because usually, you don't know it's happening. This time, you were aware of what I was about to do, so you could actually feel it."
“It’s not foolish. If this is what keeps them with you, if that gives you even the smallest comfort, then it’s not foolish. Holding onto a piece on someone we lost doesn’t make us weak, it reminds us of how much we loved them and how important they were.”
“Don’t be such a downer, Sam, it’s fine. It’s not like I do it all the time,” Dean chuckled out.
Cas had been silent for a while now. Dean assumed that that was all that he was going to say so he let the silence fall over them, thinking over what Cas had said. It took a few minutes for him to realize something that Cas had said… he drew some of the things he loved most in his life…
“Don’t you fucking touch me,” he spat out at the angel.
It was a lot of work, however, and they were all tired so they decided to all pack themselves into the den to watch some Christmas movies for the rest of the night.
“Just… tell Sam that I’m sorry, I- I heard him, but I just ignored him. Tell him that I’m sorry, tell them both that and also tell them that I love them and I miss them too.”
“Good.”
After all that, he kind of just assumed Cas would go with him if he left since that was becoming the new normal for them both.
He was getting a little nervous now and he felt a little uncomfortable knowing that Cas had been standing there while he dreamt such intimate things about the angel. Then he remembered his situation down south. He could feel it. It wanted attention. He felt it twitch slightly when his gaze briefly wandered to Cas’ lips and he remembered what they had been doing in his head. It wanted Cas’ attention, but that was something it was not going to get. Not if Dean’s brain had any say in the matter.
“You didn’t listen to it?”
“Well, not all night, maybe just for the past hour or two I guess.”
Cas sighed heavily, looking back at Dean. “I seem to have lost my phone charger. You wouldn’t have happened to see it laying around have you…?” Cas asked hopefully.
on his face though as he tried to speak.
Dean raised his eyebrow at the angel, about to question his movements, when Castiel pushed him back against the table, his ass hitting the edge and then resting on top.
It hadn’t taken him long to pick it up, although it may have taken longer than usual, because him being his dumb, nervous self, actually let the phone slip through his fingers the first time, causing him to have to reach out again to actually grab it, check for any signs of damage and then properly shove it in his pocket.
, you have to pray. I can sense you and figure out where you are, but as long as you're not in pain, I don't know what's going on."
He hadn’t been thinking then, or probably, much more accurate, he had been thinking too much. His mind had been racing, trying to catch up with what his eyes were seeing, what his ears were hearing, all the thoughts were spinning around inside his head, each one fighting for Dean’s attention. He couldn’t think clearly, not with all the noise, but now that some time had passed and he was able to process what had happened, he was thinking more clearly.
Cas had to do this for Dean. Dean deserved so much more than this and he had to do this one thing for Dean, he needed to show Dean that there was hope.
Instead of arguing further, Cas took it upon himself to end the conversation altogether by pushing Dean down against the hard table, his mouth now diving down to follow the exposed skin that was his chest, continuing further and further down, stopping when he reached the very obvious bulge that was Dean’s sweatpants. He didn’t take them off though, not yet. He wanted to have some fun first.
Dean sat there on the floor for a few moments longer, trying to catch his breath and not wanting to move just yet, but then the floor was starting to become uncomfortable and the mess he had made on his chest was beginning to cool. He reached out an arm, catching a piece of toilet paper that was hanging off the roll and pulling to unravel a long string of it, ripping it off and into a few smaller pieces. Once he had wiped himself clean, he picked himself off the floor, throwing the toilet paper into the toilet and flushing it down. Then he walked over to the sink to properly wash his hands, before drying them and then bending down to pick up his discarded boxers, pulling them back on.
“Okay, but how the hell does this relate to-”
But then a little voice in his head decided to make itself known.
“Oh, uh, right. Thanks.”
“Okay, Dean… and how many times have you seen each episode of Dr. Sexy?” Cas shot back, a smirk now evident on his face.
It had been snowing steadily for the past few days, so the snow was starting to pile up outside. Dean decided he should probably go out and shovel some of it away. He wanted to start with their porch, it wrapped around a large chunk of the cabin. Dean had found Cas out there several times already throughout the week, but he hadn’t been going out as much since the heavier snowfall started. Cas had said it was peaceful, he liked to think out there. Dean decided to head on out after he finished what was left in his cup.
Once Cas had bottomed out, he paused, causing a complaint from Dean.
He handed it to Cas before actually thinking about it, and then he realized,
“Hello, Sam,” he said in a monotone voice
Sam sighed, “Dean I’m not here to judge you, I know that I don’t fully get what you’re going through, but I’m here to listen whenever you need me, anytime. Okay?”
“Jack, what did you just-”
“We were all sitting by the campfire. It was a nice night, the sky was completely clear, not a cloud in sight. And I remember how quiet it was out there... the only sound the crackling of the fire. I remember thinking it was odd though because I didn’t hear any animals nearby. We went camping out there every year and it’d never been so quiet before. I guess at some point I fell asleep and when I woke up, it was to the sounds of my mother screaming in the distance.”
Jack looked like he was close to tears, and now Cas felt guilty. He didn’t just leave Dean behind, but he left Sam and Jack too.
Was that pleasure that he heard in Dean’s voice?
“Go away, Sam.”
Cas listens to Dean and takes the few steps towards the bed. Sitting next to him, Cas shifted a bit to get a better look at Dean as he opened the gift. Dean shifted too, bringing one leg up onto the bed, his knees pressing into the side of Cas’ thigh now.
“You know that nothing ever goes the way that we plan, right?’
It was quiet for the rest of the night, apart from the few little snores that escaped Dean every so often.
Now Cas was getting a bit frustrated.
Balthazar paused, not really knowing what else to say.
Cas nodded his head, not saying anything more.
Oh gosh.
Okay, no. He shouldn’t be thinking about this. He really shouldn’t. He should be more focused on not thinking about this because it was certainly not helping the situation that was continuing to grow in his pants.
Rowena was more than surprised to see him, but ushered him back into the room from which she came from. Castiel explained why he was there and why he had travelled so far to come to hell once again. Rowena had never met John, but she’d heard the stories. Castiel explained to her that John was not welcome in heaven, not after how he had treated Dean, not after the things he had done on Earth. He still wasn’t sure why John was let into heaven in the first place, maybe it was just some sick joke of Chuck’s, but Rowena was glad to offer her assistance in the matter. She really did care about Sam and Dean both a great deal. They were family to her and she would protect her family fiercely.
Dean just watched him from the bed, eyes glued to the other’s chest, watching him fumble with his belt, before unzipping his pants and shoving everything down to his ankles, and removing the last of his clothing, his dick bouncing as he moved.
The burnt bacon had mostly cooled while they were prepping the fruit, so Dean was able to scoop it out and toss it in the trash. He instructed Cas on what to do and got him to place the slices of bacon in the pan as it was heating back up.
woke you up then?” Mary inquired.
Dean had made him watch so many of those movies. He would ramble on and on about the next movie he was going to make Cas watch as he fumbled around the kitchen making popcorn and grabbing a few beers, before dragging Cas to the den. Cas remembers these nights fondly. The nights where he and Dean would both curl up on the two recliner chairs, Dean with this huge childlike grin on his face, still rambling on about how much Cas would love this next movie.
The more Dean said, the more confused the angel got.
“Actually yes. Something is wrong. Very wrong in fact.”
He nodded timidly, feeling vulnerable now. After all that he said, now he felt vulnerable. He was letting Cas in once again, letting him know that he needed him, just how much he really needed him and it was terrifying.
“Cas?”
breaks Dean out of his train of thought and he looks down at Cas to see what the sound was. He froze. There Cas was, staring Dean right in the eyes as he lowered his hand onto Dean’s dick. Dean shuddered when he finally made contact, closing his eyes.
“Uhh, Cas?”
“Dean, it’s okay, I’ll explain later, can you just come to the door? Come to the bunker door.”
Dean started to speak.
“Are you okay with that?”
At that Dean actually did drop the plate, but thankfully, it was just into the sink that was filled with soapy water, so it didn’t break.
There was the place when Cas etched out the letters of his name on the table in the library.
A lot had changed since then, now, instead of having Jack to talk to, he had Elieen. One thing remained the same though, on the nights when Sam woke, he still heard Dean, it was just happening more and more frequently now.
Dean woke up Christmas morning in the bunker to the smell of bacon wafting through the air. He let the aroma slowly fill up his room as it nudged him awake. It took him a minute before he thought about who could be making bacon…
“Sam… Was that Dean?”
Cas took this opportunity of Dean being right side up, to walk Dean backwards until the back of his legs hit the bed. He placed both hands on Dean’s, now bare, chest and pushed him down onto the bed.
Hastily, he rubbed at his cheeks, quite harshly in fact, not wanting Cas to notice even though he knew that ship had sailed long ago. What surprised him then, was the warm grip of a hand on his wrist, gently pulling it away from his face.
This chapter was originally meant to have some other heaven stuff in it as well, but I accidentally made Dean’s little opening up to Cas scene really long because I just apparently love making characters suffer so that’ll have to be saved for my next update. I think most of my chapters now will be longer than they’ve previously been, so hopefully, y’all can forgive me for the wait.
It only took them two more days to wrap up the case, but those two days seemed to last a week. Sam kept giving him and Cas little smirks whenever they got too close, which seemed to only be happening more often since Cas had flown away the other night, which Dean didn’t actually think was possible.
“Because… we have a dog now.”
Dean breathed in a shaky breath and his left hand went to rub against his side. He saw how Dean’s face changed, the tension leaving it, almost looking emotionless.
Without much thought about what exactly he was going to say, or really any thought at all, his mouth just blurted out probably the worst thing it could’ve in this moment.
“It’s okay… Take your time, Dean, I… I just want you to know that I’m here, just to listen if that’s what you need. I just want to help.”
“Why? Trying to bring back dear old dad?”
“I dunno, just like, the circumstances leading up to it and I guess you were gone longer than you’ve ever been before. I’m just saying, if you’re having any trouble dealing with anything, it’s understandable.”
“Those two weeks were some of the worst of my life, and I know I can’t blame Sam for thinking they were some of the best for him. He got away from dad and even from me.”
Cas tried to speak as calmly as he could, praying that Dean would open the door. Then, the sound of the loud creak of the door filled the silence as Dean swung the door open.
straight I couldn’t say that he wasn’t.”
“You wanna know something else?” Dean asked. “The worst part of it all… it wasn’t even that he was gone. The worst part was when dad was there, when he was there with us. Either the hunt was there in the town we were in or there was nothing. There was nothing for him to do.”
“Well, I was attempting to cook some bacon, but- well I guess you already saw how that turned out…”
They started to sway a little as Dean continued to sing, both holding the other in their arms.
“Probably trying to forget that you exist…”
Once Cas was done with the bacon, they both returned to the counter to start scrambling the eggs.
Still, he got no response, only greeted by silence.
Castiel had put him together piece by piece, body and soul. He knew Dean better than Dean knew himself in some aspects and he trusted him. Cas grew to care for him in a relatively short period of time, at first he was just a mission, but then it grew into something more, a friendship, one that definitely wasn’t perfect, but their hearts were in the right place. Those feelings that he held became more powerful, however, as the years went by, as their relationship continued to grow.
Cas paused, looking around to try and determine which way to go, trying to remember from the last time that he was here with Sam and Dean.
“Do you think you could help me with something then, since you’re here?”
"Hello, Dean."
“No need to thank me, that’s just what family’s for, right?”
I feel like a lot happened in here and my brain cannot process it all but like John in hell and DeanCas reunion. That's all that matters right now to me so I don't even mind.
Dean let out a sigh of relief, just knowing that he was still there. He felt himself starting to drift off a little.
“Oh, I see.”
Cas flinched under the sudden touch, something he was grateful that Dean didn’t seem to notice. Quickly, he stood up from the chair, but not forgetting to readjust his coat as he did so.
“Someone had to before it ate you while you hung there unconscious.”
Everything around him was white, he was surrounded by it, consumed by it. He had to shut his eyes. Then it was quiet, not a single scream was heard. It took him a few moments before the sharpness dulled down enough for him to be able to see once again.
“Nothing, it’s just… dude this is so weird. Like actually weird.”
“Good. Now that we got that out of the way…” Cas trailed off, the hands that were still holding onto Dean’s shirt, now sliding down and lifting it up above Dean’s head, with no signs of protest from the hunter.
Sam nods, “Yeah, he did it to save Jack, and he said that the Empty would come for him only when he felt a moment of happiness or something... right?”
Cas nodded, so off to the kitchen Dean went.
So, that afternoon, he’d been trying to find
The wrapping paper revealed a small rectangular brown box.
Once they finished decorating, Dean had pulled the little angel out of the bag he had been hiding it in, showing everyone.
“I mean, yeah, I’d get it if you thought that when we first met since I wasn’t really you know… broadcasting that to the world, I mean I’m still not really doing that, but Cas, come on man, you’ve known me for how long?”
Both of them were quiet for a while. Castiel letting the information sink in and thinking about how he could’ve missed such a thing. Looking back, maybe it didn’t seem so farfetched. The lack of women that Dean had picked up in recent years, which before he had just attributed to him getting too tired for, the way he’d get so nervous around someone he knew was openly gay or if a guy actually were to hit on him, and he couldn’t forget some of his other interests…
time and time again, just for you to get yourself killed with the first stupid idea you come up with."
“Cas… come on, man. Just cut me down.” Dean looked at him with pleading eyes before realizing that yes, he really was being serious and would leave Dean hanging here because he could and there was really no imminent threat to either of them if he did.
“Hello, Cassie. What a funny surprise,” Balthazar said, sarcasm thick in his voice.
Dean and Cas were surprisingly the first ones up and about today. There was no sign that Eileen or Sam had woken yet. It seemed a bit odd but Dean just decided that maybe they were having some “alone time”.
Dean cleared his throat, scratching his head awkwardly, “Y-Yeah Sam, I’ll bring some over.”
No answer.
“Wait, but if you’re gay then what about that reaper chick you banged when you were human.”
Once they were done opening presents, they all helped clean up the mess from the wrapping. Jack was very distracted by one of his presents though, as he half helped clean, and half poked at the little bunny that Sam, Dean, and Cas had decided to give him. They weren’t sure if they’d ever seen Jack so excited about something in his life and as they cleaned, Jack kept asking them what they thought of his ideas for a name.
“Very much so,” Cas replied.
The rest of the trip was done in relative silence, other than when Dean read off a few items on the list, but before no time, they were at the checkout and paying for the groceries. Dean pulled open the bags they had, handing two of them to Cas as they packed up the bags.
The next day, they planned on heading out into the woods. They didn’t really have an exact plan, well their main plan was to actually get to the right area of the park but that didn’t actually work out too well. For some reason, Dean had been very adamant upon guiding them to the right area. He wouldn’t let Cas help at all. Even when they were both fairly sure that they were headed in the wrong direction and were getting lost, Dean still didn’t let Cas help. He just kept insisting that he was capable of doing it himself.
“I don’t know if that makes sense but I could feel you, almost as if I was you, Dean. I could feel the pain you were in, the emptiness… I couldn’t stand it. I just- I was so worried. I needed to come back, to make sure that you were okay.”
Dean didn’t even have time to process that Cas could feel that kind of love. He thought maybe he could remember it from when he was human, the kind of love you feel for a friend or your family. He sometimes even thought that Cas was able to
“I- I’m sorry for just showing up like that.” Cas stammered out, still not turning around. “I- I should’ve used the door- I should’ve given you a warning-”
“You heard me.”
Leaning against the far end of the bedroom wall was Cas. He was practically naked, but not quite. His shirt was still on his body, but the buttons were now messily undone, causing wrinkles that had never been there before. He also had that goddamn blue tie loosely hanging around his neck in a way that had Dean wanting to rip it the fuck off him but also not because he looked so hot right now that he almost couldn’t stop himself from walking into the room and just finally kissing him until he couldn’t breathe.
The sound of Cas’ voice made him pause. He huffed slightly before he turned back to face him.
Since they were both completely unclothed, Castiel wasted no time. He pulled Dean down from the table, so that he was on his feet in front of Cas and then turned him around, bending him over. His chest and face were now flat on the table and his ass sticking out in the air, ready for Cas, just waiting.
Dean lets out a sign and rolls his eyes, while Sam lets out a laugh.
When Castiel pulled back, all traces of humour were gone from Dean’s face, a sharp intake of breath completely apparent to the angel. Now, he was the one wearing a smirk on his face while Dean was the one left speechless.
Cas just let him do it though. He knew that if they got too lost and it became too late in the day for them to get back before dark, he could just fly them out of there, that is if Dean let him. But he wasn’t really planning on giving Dean a choice if that happened. He was not about to spend the night in the woods with an unprepared Dean who would no doubt spend half the time complaining. And also there was a wendigo running around. They didn’t need to spend the night there with that roaming about.
After that funny thought, the realization started to occur, followed by panic. If Cas had only acted like this three specific times that Dean could recall… and one of those times he knew the exact reason for it…
Cas turned around again, glancing at where Dean’s hand was still holding his wrist. He left it there.
“Alright. We were hoping to talk to you about what happened to your family… I know it might be a sensitive topic and that a lot of time has passed, but anything you could tell us could be a big help.”
if he's even capable. This is even more fucked up than I thought. You fell in love with
Cas was the one who spoke next, the first to speak since David had begun, his voice softening as he looked at David who was sitting on the adjacent sofa.
Sam’s eyes went wide and he swore he stopped breathing for a second. Then, before he could walk away, he heard a reply.
“Sam, I-” he paused, trying to hold himself together, he didn’t want to lose himself, not right now, not with Sam right there.
Cas did not have to be told twice, the anticipation taking over, which was only increased by Dean’s encouraging words. His fingers disappeared from inside Dean, a noise of dissatisfaction heard from the hunter, but it was soon cut off as Cas finally brought his leaking cock to nudge against Dean’s hole, pressing lightly to warn him for the coming intrusion.
"You mentioned something about- sensing me, or something like that. Does that still work?"
Dean was ready to pass out once they’d gotten back, but he hadn’t forgotten his promise to Cas to let him borrow something that wasn’t sticky and covered in beer. Walking over to his duffle bag that was still laying on the bed, he grabbed some clothes for Cas, one of everything since he really wasn’t sure about just how much damage had been done and he also didn’t want to ask. He did, however, grab two pairs of pants, some jeans and some sweatpants, deciding to leave it up to Cas to choose.
Cas looked at him skeptically but didn’t question him any further. He slipped his hand off Jack’s shoulder.
Dean smirked, “Maybe we’ll have to get you a pair of your own one day.”
still half asleep.
how much time we spend on the road? It’s not my fault it just happens to be on at odd hours.”
“I-I never got a childhood, not a normal one anyway. Sammy and I, we were both still kids, but dad would leave us for weeks at a time. Drop us off in one town in some crappy motel room with some cash and then he’d be gone. We never really knew how long he’d be gone for and it could be days before he checked in. I had to grow up so fast, I had to be there to take care of Sam. It was my job, he was my responsibility.”
“Uhh, Cas…?” Dean asked slowly as he stayed standing near the bed.
Then both stood there, the phone still to their ears, just staring in disbelief at each other. Dean seemed to remember the phone was still to his ear as he spoke.
I took care of it already.” Cas’ posture straightened out, with his arms crossing over his chest as he spoke.
Dean said it before he realized the implications of it. The last time Cas had searched through his pockets for a knife was the day Cas died. That was something he really didn’t want to think about now, but that also wasn’t the only problem. Dean also became quite nervous because he was still wearing a certain article of clothing underneath his jeans and he could feel that his shirt had risen up due to the restraints. God, he hoped his jeans weren’t sagging right now because Cas seeing him like that once was more than enough.
Dean sighed, ignoring the angel at first, but then he heard him once again, this time coming from a different direction. He decided not to test Cas’ patience at the moment. He knew better than that.
After everything was done, Sam and Jack both gave Dean their gifts. Both wondering, yet never asking where Cas’ gift was. It was getting late then, Sam and Jack both decided to head to bed for the night, but Dean wasn’t quite ready for that yet.
His thoughts stopped all at once when he saw it. A rough scrawl on the top of it.
Cas started kissing his way down Dean’s neck, making his way slowly across his chest, then his chin bumped Dean’s erection through his sweatpants. Dean couldn’t hold in the gasp he made.
“I- uh,” Dean stuttered out. “No? I just- let’s go to bed.” His voice had grown higher than normal. A lot higher.
Cas looked up from staring at his phone to return Dean’s gaze.
But then all of that changed, it happened overnight and then all signs of the brother he knew were gone. It was almost like his brother really was gone. It had been days since he’d seen his face, his door always locked when Sam tried it after Dean refused to let him into the room. Untouched plates would be left sitting outside his room for hours until Sam gave up and finally disposed of them. He didn’t know if Dean had been eating anything at all, if he had, it was only when Sam and Eileen were fast asleep and weren't around to notice.
‘Mary, you can’t just expect me to go back and tell him I love him again. Not after... not after he said nothing back.”
Breaking from his lips for only a few seconds, Castiel lined himself back up and pushed himself back inside Dean, a soft groan escaping from his lips as he did so because how the hell could something feel this good. He really hoped that this would be happening again. And again. And again. Because having Dean in his arms, holding him, being able to have him so close in such an intimate way was something he was never going to not want.
Castiel was in one of the bunker storage rooms, sorting through some of the files. He was doing some reading earlier about some spell the Men of Letters had created to sedate lower-level monsters for a few hours, one that after a few experiments, was found to have some effects on more powerful things such as demons too. This of course caught his attention and he wanted to find out a bit more about it.
Dean’s voice trailed off and then he heard a deep breath before Dean’s voice returned, angrier this time.
“Oh, nothing. Just uh, that you were going to come see me, that it was about Dean I think?”
The look of worry in Castiel’s eyes caught his attention first, followed by the way his hand was gently resting on the blanket on top of Dean’s side. He hadn’t even felt it until he actually saw it. Then, he felt the coolness of the damp pillowcase beneath his head. Shit. He must’ve been crying in his sleep or something. In fact, tears were still lightly falling down his cheeks.
“Yes, well, it may be difficult to start waking the others up. It took me hours just to get to you, but hopefully, some of the others will be willing to help, if not for my benefit, then maybe at least for the chance to be sent back.”
“I- uh, I-”
“I’m just
Once Dean had awoken, he noticed Cas was now sitting nearby, looking down at his sketchbook. His bottom lip was pulled between his teeth as he concentrated, almost glaring down at the paper. After a few moments of that, his expression softened, looking almost accomplished or pleased with the outcome of whatever he was drawing then. It took Cas a few moments to realize Dean had woken up.
Then, without warning, his mind went back to the moment he saw Dean turn fully around to face him, giving him a perfect fucking view that his eyes refused to let go of, even if he knew that Dean would notice the staring. In his mind though, this time Dean was hard and leaking into those beautifully blush-coloured panties and Cas just needed him, needed him closer, until he was pressed flush up against him.
“Mhmm,” was the only response he got.
Every so often, Dean heard the rustling of the bushes from the angel, something which may or may not have had him jump into alert mode the first few times. He wouldn’t ever admit it, but maybe Cas did have a point. He was still getting used to being back on the job. Somehow, over the course of the past few months, his reflexes had slowed, ever so slightly, his strength had weakened, and his tolerance for eerie silence had all but disappeared, leaving him with nothing but the crawl under his skin at the sound of anything that broke the dead silence of the forest.
area due to a rabid bear in the area. I guess that makes our job easier, fewer people in the area to be hunted and we also know where to go.”
Once they finished the tree and the rest of the library, they went on to add lights, garland and other little decorations in the map room and along the staircase, as well as throughout most other areas of the bunker. It was amazing how much they had done, just the four of them, but it looked great when they had finished.
“And I-I know that growing up he didn’t want that life and I was always so scared that he’d leave and go to college and find a new family. That he’d forget about me. He’d have a normal life. I knew that’s what he wanted, just to be normal, but I couldn’t be, and I couldn’t leave the life behind. This- hunting… that’s all I was good for, all I’ve ever been good for. But Sammy… he was different. He was smart, he wanted to get out, to have a real life and go to college, and you know what I did, I fucking dragged him back into this. This life that he never even wanted, all because I couldn’t do it alone, because I was so weak. All I was good for was taking orders and following them. Maybe that’s all dad saw too, just a good little soldier.”
“You hurt Dean and you hurt Sam. Dean’s whole life… it was corrupted by your touch, by the things you said, the things you did to him. You will
“Well, because of his opinions of people like me…”
That was when his mind decided to remind him of the existence of the sketchbook that he had held in his hands not even three hours ago. That sketchbook that he was pointedly trying not to think about; guess that plan had failed.
“Please...Cas please,” Dean whined out, “more, please…”
Dean felt numb. He was devastated. He had gotten his angel back, he got to say those three words to him, he got to hold him. He was happy, finally happy again, there was hope and excitement and lust in his life again, but now that was gone. All of the pain, the suffering, the guilt...it all came flooding back. Dean felt like he was drowning, he was being torn apart from the inside from the anguish.
Not wasting any time now, Castiel hooked his fingers beneath the waistband, carefully sliding the panties down Dean’s thighs before getting rid of them completely. The cool air was a shock to Dean, he could feel it cling to his newly exposed, damp skin as his cock bounced against his stomach, finally free from the confining fabric.
Suddenly, Dean’s phone rang. He looked at the screen and he couldn’t believe what he was seeing, it couldn’t be him, could it?
That’s what he thought of until he fell asleep, which, in hindsight, probably wasn’t the best thing to be thinking about because yet again he woke up, a panting mess, feeling the warm, sticky liquid in his boxers. He groaned as he rubbed a hand down his face, trying to collect himself. It had been about Cas, once again, but it had been different from the last two times. Those times in the dreams, it had only been hand stuff or one of them blowing the other. This time, however, Cas had had his mouth around him, Dean was laying back on the bed, with his knees bent, and then he felt something new. It was Cas’ finger, pressing against him, teasing at first, and then slowly he pushed inside Dean, causing a loud gasp to escape the hunter’s mouth. It had felt surprisingly good in the dream. He wondered if it would actually feel like that, he wondered how it would feel if Cas really did that to him, if he would squirm or moan out in pleasure. Then his thoughts wandered to something more. What if there was something more inside of him, what if there was more of Cas?
He sat up slowly in bed, looking wearily at the angel.
"Okay, alright, uh-"
Dean whimpered at that, the words going straight down to his dick.
“He uh, he told me how I- I changed him, about how he- his whole outlook was changed...because of me...”
“Really, Mary?” John spoke, looking at his wife. “You’re gonna take the side of this thing? He’s not even human.”
Oh god. Did that mean- fuck. He was wearing a pair of them today and if he remembered right, he was wearing a pair - one of his favourite pairs, the red pair to be exact - that day in the library.
“Nothing… I just- Dean and I…” Cas let out a sigh, running a hand down his face. “I guess we probably didn’t leave things in the best way- or I guess I didn’t give an opportunity for things to be left in the best way for us. Before I died.”
“I think so... I guess this also means we’re on the right track. Maybe we should take a look around, see if we can find anything else?”
Dean cut himself off when he saw the way Cas was looking at him. He was very clearly not impressed. “Okay, fine, maybe I did a
“No? Okay, I’ll just be off then, doing my laundry. Bye!”
it was Cas.
A blush spread across Cas’ face at Dean’s words. He had been caught, although he hadn’t even tried to be subtle with his staring. He was just struck by the beauty of the hunter, of his hunter, and he couldn’t help but admire it for a few moments.
Dean sighed before speaking.
Then he heard Dean speak again.
“I wouldn’t be upset if you did,” Cas quickly added, not wanting Dean to think he would be angry about something like that.
Dean was dumbfounded. He didn’t know what to say. Cas had always seen the best in Dean, he’d always loved every part of Dean, the good and the bad. Dean didn’t know how or why out of all the people in this world, Cas fell in love with him. What made Dean so special, why did he deserve this love?
John seemed to realize his mistake, but it was too late now and Mary was furious. If looks could kill, John would’ve disintegrated.
“Of course, Jack.”
“Actually, it is now,” he mumbled as he looked away from Cas nervously.
“Because it needs sleep, and it needs total silence to sleep. It basically loses its mind if it becomes too loud in here, so I think if there were enough of us, we could make it loud enough, and there would be too many of us for it to deal with. It’d have no choice but to send us all back.”
“C-Cas?” he stuttered before his words came out in a rush. “What are you doing here? You shouldn’t be here.”
He knelt down, watching as the dog got to his feet, bouncing up happily at Dean.
“I had to feed him, take him to school, put him to bed, tell him a story at night. Everything. It was my job. I was his brother, but that wasn’t all. I had to be a mother and a father to him too. I had to be everything to him because he was everything to me, he was all that I had, the only real family that I had left.”
“Hello, Chuck,” Jack spoke, his voice remaining neutral.
As Dean felt himself losing control, he still didn’t miss the way that Cas was already so far gone, how he’d already looked that way for a few minutes now. His legs were shaking, only just barely holding himself up and he could tell that Cas was doing everything he could to keep himself standing, using the wall as a support, practically doing all the work for him.
"Yeah, so- since you still can sense me, how about I'll try to find that- that
Jack looked back at him, the smile coming back to his face.
“Dude, this
He felt Cas brush his lips against his ear once again, whispering lowly against it.
“That doesn’t- You’re not…”
If Cas was shocked by these feelings from Dean, he was absolutely shaken by what he felt next. Almost immediately the feelings of intense desire and bliss were turned into something so broken that Cas felt in his core. He was overcome with a sense of longing and heartbreak that he had never felt before.
He looked down as Cas’ cock, hitting his stomach, as he wrapped a hand around it, sweeping his thumb over the tip.
“No, I think I’m alright, but thanks.”
to, but now I’m wide awake so I guess not. It’s kinda hard to sleep with you two talking.”
“Cas?” He called out, once the silence had stretched out for just a bit too long.
“Fine.”
Panic spread throughout him as it all sunk in.
It took him a minute or two before he managed to find the right area and there, just like he expected, was Cas crouching down and looking at a furry brown and white guinea pig with wide eyes.
Through all of this, Dean could feel his pants becoming tighter and tighter until he just couldn’t take the pressure. Fumbling a little, he undid the button, followed quickly by the zipper. He kept his jeans on, however, but now they just hung loosely on his hips, threatening to drop with the smallest of movements.
Slowly, he made his way throughout the bunker, eventually making it to the hallway outside the library, hearing the soft murmur of voices nearby. He recognized it as Sam’s voice quite quickly and assumed that maybe he was on the phone since he hadn’t heard Dean.
“Nah, just wanted to make a quick trip before I made something for dinner.”
“Dean, come on just open the damn door, okay? Then I’ll leave right after, I promise.”
Things had been good for them then, not perfect, because is anything ever really perfect? They were both happy though. They had so much to catch up on, so much time that was lost between them.
When he reached his hand in again, what he expected to find was a bag of fries, but that was not at all what he felt. Instead, his hand grasped upon a container, one that took him by surprise. Curiously, he pulled it out, wondering what the hell was in it, but when he saw it, he just threw it on the table carelessly with a wrinkled nose.
“Yeah, sure,” Sam replied as he headed towards Cas who was at the counter attempting to slice the tomato without squishing it. One could say that he wasn’t too successful at this job so Sam took over and suggested he wash and cut the lettuce instead, at least that way, the lettuce wouldn’t make a big, juicy mess if he squished it.
At the sound of a loud, raspy moan, Cas’ eyes flew open, shooting around the room for the source of the sound that he was certain did not come from himself. Not even a second later, his eyes landed on the source, he was able to see what had caused the sound and who, specifically, it had come from. He was so surprised, however, that any normal reaction of embarrassment he might’ve had was overrun completely by a burning sense of desire and disbelief. There, leaning against the doorway was Dean. And no, he was not composed in the same way that he had seen him in the kitchen.
“Well, after you… I killed Raphael. The new power I had gained from consuming all the souls in purgatory allowed me to kill him. And as for Lucifer… let’s just say you missed a lot while you were gone, I’ll fill you in on the details at some point, but long story short, he escaped from the cage a few times and at one point he had a son, which is nothing like him, might I add. His name is Jack and… well he’s quite sweet actually, takes after his mother.”
Thanks for any kudos and comments, I appreciate them all!
“Yes, I did and he didn’t have any objections either.”
“Oh, I see…” Cas looked down at the guinea pig sadly. “I guess that makes sense…”
“Because it’s delicious, that’s why.” Dean stabs a forkful of eggs and shoves it into his mouth. “Try it,” he says through a mouthful of eggs.
The walk to Dean’s room wasn’t long and he arrived there rather quickly, which might have been helped by the above-average pace he had taken.
time and here you are rubbing it in my face.”
His name, carved into the table with their other family members. Cas was part of their family, had been for a very long time, for what felt like forever to Dean. There was Sam, Mary, Jack, Dean and Cas. It wasn’t a perfect family, but that’s what they had.
“Yeah, uh yeah, we could do that, I mean it is tradition after all, don’t want bad luck or something if we don’t, right?”
are your family. And why are you here then, if you don’t want to get involved?”
It was dark, rain drizzling from up above. There was no one else around, it was quiet apart from the sound of the rain hitting the ground or the occasional sound of a car driving nearby or a dog barking in the distance. Jack couldn’t help but pity the sight he saw before him now. Chuck was crouched down on the ground, pulling at his thin jacket to try and find some warmth. He was leaning against a dumpster and a brick wall, trying to get cover from the rain. He jumped slightly when he noticed a presence. He didn’t lift his eyes at first, trying to ignore this stranger that had appeared, but when Jack didn’t move after a few minutes, he turned his gaze upwards, meeting Jack’s eye. It took a moment for him to register the familiar face, but when he did, his facial expression changed and he looked away swiftly, clearly not wanting to talk to him.
“You… you really noticed all that…?” Sam asked quietly.
“If you say so…” and with that Cas quickly brought his hips back until he was almost fully out of Dean before snapping them back into him.
“That doesn’t matter. What matters is that I’m here and for good reason.”
"Shut up. Let's get back, I need my four hours,” Dean huffed, as he slid on into the Impala.
Ha hello everyone! I’m finally back with another chapter, sorry about the long wait! Also, sorry but it’ll be a bit of a wait for the next chapter too. I have 3 essays and a test all within the next 2-3 weeks so I’ll be too busy to write until after that’s all done, but I’ll be back either the weekend of April 10th or the 17th, depending on how well the next chapter goes. But for now, please enjoy and don’t mind any of my errors, it was a rushed editing job.
“No, you- you don’t have to do that. Dean and I… we worked things out, in Purgatory actually.”
“Oh, isn’t that nice,” Jack said as he walked over to Dean to take it from his hands, “And it has blue eyes, just like you, Cas,” he said looking at Cas.
“Cas...you were really going to do all this work, just for us? Well, and burn down the kitchen in the process,” Dean chuckled, “How did you even manage to burn the bacon that badly in the first place?”
Cas just nodded in agreement, not trusting his voice to cooperate at the moment.
just slip your mind? Cas, you can fucking fly again.”
Cas interrupted him, “Dean it’s alright, I don’t mind.”
“Well, maybe not want, but I think with the right offer, we could come to an agreement.”
“I want you.” Dean simply said before deciding to further explain. “I want you to fuck me. On this table.”
Neither of them said a word as Dean walked carefully back over to his bed, trying not to trip on anything as they held one another gaze. When he reached the bed, he looked away from Cas, pulling back the blankets and sliding underneath, laying on his back and pulling them up to his chest. He just laid there, staring at the ceiling until he felt his eyes fall shut and felt himself being pulled back into nothingness.
If only he had just a little bit more time, maybe he could have processed what was happening and told his angel that those feelings weren’t unrequited like he thought. Dean loved him just as much, even if he never fully let himself go there until now.
Dean was the first to break the eye contact as he pulled Cas into a hug, nuzzling his head into the crook of his neck. Dean breathed him in, felt his warmth, and smiled. This is what he had been needing, this was the only thing he needed. Cas, just Cas. He had been longing for this angel for months now, needing to look at his face, stare into those eyes, hear his laugh, just hold him. Dean just needed to hold him, it’s the one thing he knew he needed, the thing he had been craving for months.
It took a few minutes for him to decide and click on the button that would bring him to his unheard messages. The message had just been about to play when in walked Dean, causing him to turn his phone off immediately. Since then, he just hadn’t been able to bring himself to listen to it.
Cas halted his movements as Dean took a deep breath.
He had been looking for a few days already when he stumbled upon this little cabin in the mountains. It was small, but looked quite cozy and not in bad shape at all. There were also no other cabins around for miles, which was another bonus. Dean thought it could be perfect, plus, how often do they really get to enjoy the snow?
“So...what you’re telling me is that you only told him that you loved him to save him? And then he watched you die. You left the man who’s been in love with you for years and didn’t- you didn’t give him a chance to say anything back?”
“Everything okay? You look a bit frustrated over there.”
A wave of curiosity washed over Dean then. He decided, for some reason his brain hadn’t been privy to, that he should follow Cas, and follow he did.
Dean almost snorted. “You sure got that right.”
A few minutes later Roger returned, followed by another man.
“You,” Cas stated simply, as if it were obvious, stopping Dean from the slow pace he had set. “It was your voice. I know, maybe it sounds crazy, but it’s really not. I just- over and over again, that’s what I heard. It was just you calling my name, pleading my name, invading my sleep until I awoke. It was very persistent.”
“Ahh oops. Probably my fault.” Chuck grinned at him, raising his hands in the air in fake innocence.
Cas walked closer, now fully in the room, but he didn’t stop there.
Sam just let out a frustrated sigh but dropped it nonetheless. Eileen tried to offer him a comforting smile, dropping one hand to his knee, stroking it gently with her thumb.
He had gotten halfway through one cabinet drawer when he noticed footsteps in the hallway outside the storage room.
to go with him.
He knew that worrying did no good, that there really was no logical reason to worry about Cas, of anyone, at the moment. He alone was beyond capable of dealing with a wendigo, something he now believed more firmly upon learning just how much of his power had returned with him. But that didn’t stop the pit in his stomach when his eyes took just a second too long to catch sight of that beige trenchcoat and messy brown hair. It was something he had no control over. An automatic response that had taken over ever since the angel had returned. Any time he did not know where Cas had gone, he panicked, something which had only become worse since starting this case.
At some point, his anger had turned to sadness and he could now feel the tears stinging his eyes. He tried to hold them back, he couldn’t let them fall, not yet.
“Well, could you, you know, kind of explain what you meant by that?”
Some had tried to stay out of the conflict between angels on Earth, like Rebecca and Elijah, and some of the other penitent angels. Amongst the others were Joshua, Ezekiel, Akobel, Benjamin, Ambriel, Kelvin, Sophia and Azriel. All angel’s that Castiel had learned to trust or he knew to be good and decent. Together they discussed the plan and even called on a few more angels that they had discussed as a group. They knew that if this plan was going to work, then they needed to work together, they needed to come together and put any past differences or disagreements behind them.
“Oh, uh sure. We could do that.”
“I know, but uh, I can’t help but wonder… How did you manage to do all this? To do this all by yourself? Where did you even know where to start?”
“I uh, n- nope, not at all.”
Dean sat up a little, resting his back against the pillows and the headboard. Cas’ hand slipped off his arm. The spot where it once was, now feeling cold. Dean absentmindedly placed his left hand over the spot, trying to bring the warmth back, but it wasn’t the same. He dropped his hand giving up.
“What? Straight?” Dean chuckled out.
He shyly turned back to face Cas, and when he met his gaze he realized that they were still only inches apart. He also noticed Cas’ face was flushed, and he seemed a bit out of breath as well. Dean glances down at his lips next, noticing how red and puffy they were. They were like that because of him, because Dean had decided it was a good idea to start making out with his best friend.
Dean felt his eyes flutter close then, his breath was shaky, but he knew what he wanted, what he had to do. He rested his forehead against Cas’, their noses bumping into each other and then-
“I think I’m the lucky one here.”
The small touches and glances at each other, the way they make breakfast together most mornings as they bump into each other in the kitchen, or the way one of them lights up when the other walks into a room. The inside jokes that have and the way they’ll just start laughing for seemingly no apparent reason, an inside joke probably. They’re in love, they’re happy, and they’re free to make their own choices and live the lives that they want.
Dean moves back slightly, still in Cas’ space. Cas looks down, a smile forming on his face and a blush spreading across his cheeks.
Luckily, he had woken at a semi-reasonable time this morning. He could see hints of sunlight peaking into the room, he checked the clock beside the bed, seeing that it was just after 5:30 am. Sam was still snoring beside him, but he would probably be up soon, and just a few feet away, there was Cas, once again sitting in the chair, with his gaze focused upon Dean. He looked to be in a bit of a daze, lost in his thoughts, not reacting when Dean shuffled around in the bed.
“He started to talk about me, then... about… about how- how he saw me. I didn’t- I never saw myself in that way… I never saw myself to be driven by… by love.”
“Fine, fine! I’ll stop asking… is there anything you wanna do to pass the time then?”
“Yeah, sure? What is it?”
“I’m all for you know,
“Mhmm, if you wanna come over and help Cas with the veggies and stuff, I’m sure he’d appreciate it. Don’t wanna burn anything over here,” Dean spoke as he gestured towards the cooking patties, the bacon, and the buns that he had toasting in the oven.
“Come on, I’m not stupid, and neither are you. We both know that something’s going on.”
“Are you alright, Dean? He asked, concern laced in his voice along with something else. “Is something the matter?”
“Oh gosh, ew, guys really? On the map table- seriously?”
“Hey don’t worry about it, we can fix it alright?”
Afterwards, he removed himself from on top of Dean and collapsed onto Dean’s chest for a few moments as they both were still breathing heavily. Eventually, he rolled off to the side, to lay next to Dean. They didn’t say anything for a few moments, both still thinking about what had just happened. Cas didn’t want to be the first to speak, he didn’t want to startle Dean or scare him away.
A bit of a routine had begun to emerge rather quickly in the bunker for Dean and Castiel. At night, they’d spend some time together, just the two of them. Sometimes they’d sit in the den together and watch a movie, sometimes they’d just sit and talk, maybe have a few glasses of whiskey or beer, or sometimes they’d take Miracle and go for a walk, sometimes they’d even go without Miracle since it was usually quite late and he was already asleep.
“You’re welcome.”
“Yes.”
“Jack… what’s going on, what are you talking about? Is something wrong?”
The way Cas healed him amazed Dean. It wasn’t one specific thing about it that really got him, it was a series of things. The absolute focus that seemed to take over him for those few seconds, the way that his touch was always so gentle, even when his grip was firm, the warmth of his skin on his own and the way that warmth only increased when the healing began. But it wasn’t just that, it was also the way that Cas just did it, without Dean even asking, sometimes even when he told him not to. Cas still did it, even when sometimes, maybe he shouldn’t have because it caused no benefit for himself. The act itself was selfless, pure even. Dean could feel it each time it happened. He could
“One more thing. I need to know how to get to the empty and bring someone back.”
Dean reached out and quickly placed a hand on Cas’ wrist, stopping him from going any further.
He hoped that there would be no grudges against him, after all, not all of them would blame him for their deaths, but he still felt the need to try and set things right and he hoped that maybe he could help them, that he could help them get a second chance.
So, maybe he was in denial about Cas’ feelings and maybe he completely knew it. It wasn’t like he didn’t
“I just- Look. I know Dean never really told you about his father or their relationship, but you need to trust me when I say that when he finally told me about it, the first and probably the last time that he would ever speak about it in that way, I knew then that Dean could never be at peace when his father was in his life. So please don’t do this to him.”
“What? No! No, I just- I wanted to see how things are going… since you’ve been back. It must be a lot to handle, I mean I know you’ve come back from the dead before, but this is… different I guess…”
The week had started out pretty normal, or at least as normal as it got for them. The only thing that was a bit odd was that Cas had been hanging out around the bunker a lot recently. He wasn’t needed in heaven right now, everything seemed calm up there, so he spent his time with them.
“Uhh everything okay in here?” Sam asked, looking a bit worried now.
“My angel,” Dean replied.
“That wasn’t part of the deal. I’m sure Amara could help you. How’s she doing by the way? Has she spoken to you yet?”
“I’ve been thinking about that and yes, we’ll have to be careful, we need to make sure that we can trust them, we don’t want them calling someone unnecessary and be stuck with dealing with them on Earth again. For starters, we don’t want Raphael or Lucifer coming back… That could be, well... that could be a huge problem once again.”
“Over there,” Cas pointed, before walking towards the object, Dean following close behind.
Silence again.
“Oh,” Cas looked disappointed, “That wasn’t right, was it?”
Cas’s eyes snapped over to Sam and then back over to Dean but on his face this time.
“I- how did you-”
Dean was sitting in his room on top of his bed, leaning against the headboard. Cas was sitting in a chair near him, looking at his phone. Sam had shoved him in his room while they tried to get things ready before dinner, but Dean kept protesting, telling them not to make such a big deal out of it all. There was no reason to fuss this much over it.
“I know. Sam prayed to me. He prays to me a lot, actually. I think he just needs to talk sometimes, I think it calms him. It’s been a few days since he last prayed though.”
When he emerged from the bathroom, a towel hanging loosely on his hips, Cas was still sitting in the same place where he left him, Sam was still not back.
“Yeah, it’s fine, put him on.”
“You think Dean is going to be the one to make a move?” Sam asked incredulously. He knew his brother. He’d been keeping these feelings down for years now, he didn’t think he’d be letting those out anytime soon, especially if he’d managed to contain them the first moment he saw Cas again.
“Shut up, Sammy.” He said, the words rushing out before he took a few more steps into the bathroom, fumbling for the door and slamming it shut, leaving him all alone and drowning out the sounds of Sam’s laughter.
saw the hunter wearing - the image of that red lace flashing across his mind once again.  He especially couldn’t ask him in front of Sam of all people.
It was something he tried not to notice or think about, but it was just so hard. There were still so many things he wanted to know about them. The sketches looked like he’d been doing them for years now, there were so many. How did he and Sam never know about this little hobby Cas picked up? It seemed strange to him. Before Dean found them, he never would have thought that Cas drew, or that he would even be any good at drawing anything. He’d never given it much thought if he was being honest, there was no reason for him to. He was a little disappointed that Cas had never shared this with him, not just the drawing themselves, but even just casually bringing it up in conversation, just mentioning that he liked to draw sometimes, not even specifics of what or who he drew, just something about it. But he never did. Not even once.
“Uh, Cas?” She finally spoke out.
Rusty was relieved at first, and he felt that Dean was too. The hunter couldn’t believe his eyes, but then, they all noticed the dark look on Castiel’s face. He did not look impressed, not at all as he walked towards Dean. Sam backed away slowly as Castiel kept moving forward, a bit worried as to what Castiel was going to do.
“Thank you, Dean,” he said, eyes filled with something that made Dean think that he wasn’t just talking about the bacon.
The drive was pretty uneventful. Dean drove, while Sam was beside him and Cas was in the back, behind Sam. They arrived in town early in the evening, finding a motel to stay at and then heading out for food, before settling in for the night to do a bit more research before heading to bed.
“Yeah, that’s what you say now…”
“Yes, why wouldn’t he be okay?”
Dean also knew that if anyone could understand what he was going through, Sam could come the closest. With Jess, and then Eileen, the poor guy has known what it’s like to lose someone you love. Someone you truly love. But Sam also wouldn’t understand fully. Who could understand? Dean lost the man that he’s been in love with for years. He doesn’t know when exactly he fell for this angel, but it’s felt like a lifetime. Dean’s long life, which has been far longer than it should have been, with all those years he spent in hell; those years themselves felt like forever ago, that was because it was before he met Cas, before he began to fall in love.
“I’d say see you in hell… but we both know you’re the only one going there,” Bobby smirked at him. This would be the last time that John saw either Bobby or Mary’s faces.
A small smile spread across the angel's face at his words. His heart warmed inside. It was the sweetest thing he’d heard from the hunter. Maybe he was wrong before, maybe he was wrong for assuming how Dean felt.
Some, he was sure, didn’t matter too much, but there were others too, things he was curious about, things that seemed to have huge gaps. Things like how
“For years, he’d do that, he’d take it out on me, take everything out on me… Usually, he just used his fists, it was the easiest for him I guess. But sometimes… sometimes it was the cigarettes or a broken bottle. I had so many scars that I had to hide from everyone. I had to lie about them too if someone saw them, I had to lie to Sam, to Bobby... I couldn’t hide them from myself though, I couldn't lie to myself. When I looked in the mirror I could see them, the burns, the scars. I think- I think that’s one thing I was so grateful for when you raised me from hell, when you rebuilt my body. You did it and you left all that behind. You got rid of the constant reminder that I never could escape, even when I was alone, especially when I was alone. You gave me the power to not be reminded of it all every time I looked in the mirror.”
“Y-Yeah, everything’s fine, it’s more than fine, everything is great,” Sam stumbled out quickly, as he felt his face heating up.
As soon as their lips met this time, Dean melted into Cas. After thinking about these lips all day, he finally got to feel them again, and he would not be interrupted this time.
Castiel sat down in the chair, it was facing Dean’s bed already and he didn’t bother moving it. He stayed right there in that spot as Dean quickly got ready for bed which involved him stripping halfway. Castiel averted his eyes when Dean did that, not wanting to make Dean uncomfortable. He kept his gaze trained firmly on the floor until he heard the rustling of the covers being pulled back and the creak of the bed as Dean slid into it.
Dean must have done just that, because a minute or two later, John had disappeared. With the threat now gone, Dean could now focus better on the angel before him.
“Dean, he uh- I- I made a choice, back when I was alive to save someone that I loved and that choice, it came at a cost. I thought that it was only a cost that I would have to pay, but it ended up hurting Dean, as well…” Cas wasn’t really sure how to explain it to his brother, he wasn’t sure if he would actually understand it if he went into the details.
the emotion behind those words, and even though he tried to fight it, he could feel how his face heated up once more.
Dean hoped that Cas knew what he meant, he hoped Cas didn’t die thinking that he wasn’t wanted. He knew Cas didn’t know the full extent of his feelings for him, but at the very least he deserved to know that he was cared for, that he was wanted, that he’d be missed.
He was now standing right in front of the older hunter who was now gasping for breath.
He was walking past Dean’s door when he heard a noise. He halted his steps, pausing near the door, just listening for a moment to make sure nothing was wrong. Then he heard the noise again, it was a whimper of sorts. He thought Dean must have been having a nightmare.
“But Cas-”
“No, he’s not. He’s a monster, Dean. Do you really even think that he could ever love you back?”
Castiel truly knew who Dean Winchester was, even if Dean didn’t at most times.
Reluctantly, Dean let Cas pull him closer and back towards the direction of the bunker. Dean did notice, however, that Cas did not remove his hand from his body, instead, it just slid further up his arm, until it was snaked around his shoulders, Dean realizing that it was Cas’ attempt to keep him warm until they got back. The thought made his heart warm inside. Cas was so overprotective sometimes, but sometimes, Dean had no problem with it.
He took a few slow steps towards Jack, holding his gaze.
I'd just like to say if I never post again it's because I died because Jensen decided to break his silence and tweet. but maybe I'll come back as a ghost and write... maybe.
“He’s alive?” She asked in disbelief. “Are- are you sure it’s him?”
Once it was off, Cas threw it to the floor, which was soon met by his trenchcoat, and everything else that he had on above the waist. Castiel was about to grab at his tie as well, before Dean finally found his ability to move again, raising a hand to place on Castiel’s as it loosened his tie.
Dean chuckled nervously once Jack had said that, “Yeah I uh, I guess it does. Just like my angel…”
Dean was extremely quiet next to Cas. The song had now changed. Cas could feel eyes on him, he knew Dean was watching him, but he didn’t dare look up at him, terrified of what he would see. He just sat there and listened to the music playing.
Cas was too far gone in his retreat into his own head to notice what exactly was happening around him. His eyes were tightly screwed shut, his bottom lip being savagely attacked by his teeth as he fought to contain the gasps that were still spilling past his lips and the moans forming deep in this throat. His hips had begun to stutter into his hand, feeling the waves of pleasure hitting him like a truck. He had no idea that around him, the lights had begun to flicker, just slightly at first, almost unnoticeable, but then it became more rapid. The lights rivalling those at a rave.
Cas halted his movements, glancing over at Dean, and seeing that, in fact, all of the blankets seemed to be piled on top of him.
But then he froze as his eyes reached who was really standing before him.
After the conversation Dean had overheard, he had become a little jumpy. It had only been about a week since then and things may not have been getting much better in that area, but in others, things were actually doing quite well.
Then, Cas’ hand was pressing firmly, but gently over the swollen ankle, his hand glowing as he focused his attention on healing the fresh wound, along with the other more minor injuries scattered around his body.
“What? Why? No… this can’t be real, you can’t be, you’re…”
Something strange happened that night though. Dean had a dream. Not just any kind of dream though. The kind of dream where you wake up all hot and bothered and you can’t stop thinking about it for ages afterwards.
This last part came out in almost a whisper, he wasn’t sure if Sam had really heard him, but he hoped he did. Dean wasn’t sure if he would be able to repeat it. It felt so good to tell someone, but it also hurt to get the words out.
“Why would you think that you deserved any of that?” Cas questioned, genuinely curious about how John could have hurt him so badly that he thought he deserved to suffer like that.
“Okay, I’m saying this in the nicest way possible, but shut up. You’re an even bigger idiot than I thought you were if you’re about to tell me that he hasn’t been in love with you since he met you. Cas, I hardly even knew the man, and even I could see it.”
“What’s wrong?” She asked, slightly worried. “Did something happen?”
He waited there listening to the phone, feeling Cas’ eyes on him the whole time. He got up out of the chair, shuffling a few steps closer to Cas as he waited. He tried looking down at the ground so as not to make eye contact with the angel who was surely nervous about this. He had to be at least a little nervous, right? Dean for sure felt nervous. He hadn’t actually spoken to Claire since he called her to tell her what happened to Cas. Back then, he was hardly able to get the words out. He was a mess, just rambling on about some stupid shit because he wasn’t ready to talk about it but Claire, she knew. She knew something was wrong, she practically forced it out of him. Still, he hadn’t actually gotten to the words, he broke down before then. She guessed what had happened quite quickly after that, staying on the phone with Dean until he had calmed down. He knew she must’ve been quite hurt by it as well, yet she stayed there for Dean, maybe doing that one thing comforted her, being able to do one thing. He wasn’t sure, but after that call they hadn’t talked. Probably mainly because Dean wasn’t talking to anyone. He knew that call was one that he had to make, but after that, it was too hard, he knew he couldn’t again.
Cas leaned over to grab it and give it to Dean, and when Dean reached for it, their fingers brushed lightly, only for a split second before Cas left go.
“Awesome.”
Another noise startled him out of his thoughts then, the creaking of a door. His head snapped around towards the new sound.
“I haven’t gone into those woods since, but I couldn’t leave. I never was able to move because if I did… it felt as if I were leaving them behind,” he took another breath and grew quiet for a moment. “Maybe it’s foolish, but I feel closer to them here, even if I know they’re gone.”
“Well, uh, when angels die we go to this other place, not heaven, not hell, not purgatory. It’s called the Empty. Us angels and demons are sent there for an eternal sleep to relive our biggest regrets in life, our worst memories. There’s no escaping the past there.”
Out of all the people he could have loved in this world, he loved Dean Winchester and Dean didn’t know how to process that. He spent so much time avoiding his feelings, feeling hopeless and thinking that Cas could never truly fall in love with someone. He was an angel, they weren’t built for love, or so Dean had thought. This was just another thing that Dean had turned out to be wrong about. He was so very wrong.
Cas came back to press his body flush against Dean’s and attacked his mouth with his own. There was no space left between them as they started to rut against each other.
Dean knew that eventually, he should probably talk to Cas about everything that happened, what Cas had said before the Empty took him, at the very least, but he still wasn’t sure how or even when.
“When you first came back… you said something that uh, caught my attention and I guess this just kind of reminded me of it…”
“Hello, sleepy head,” Cas said.
“I remember everything,” David said simply, his voice hollow. “That night has played over and over inside my head for over fifty years. I know time can change things, that I was young, but I remember it. I couldn’t forget even if I tried.”
“It’s a long story… maybe we should sit down?” Cas asked, eyes wandering towards the library.
“Okay, that’s good. Could you just maybe keep an eye on him though? He had everyone pretty worried ‘s all. I heard Jody and Sam talking on the phone about it a few times.”
He could feel his face heating up and didn’t even want to imagine how red it must’ve been at that moment. He had looked away from Cas at some point and was now very nervous about looking into his eyes, but he forced himself. Why was he even so nervous? It’s not like Cas would even- it’s not like Dean would even want to do that. No. He doesn’t think about Cas like that.
John got up from the ground, ready to explain himself.
before."
“Yeah, alright,” he finally said, determining that there was at least some truth to that answer. “Let’s go.”
“He uh... He told me he
Cas stretched out his right arm, slipping it underneath Dean’s shoulder, pulling him closer until Dean’s head was resting on his chest.
“Okay well, it’d be nice to know that you’re just flying around now. A little warning would be nice.”
“Alright,” Cas agreed, still shifting uncomfortably and making a point of not looking at Dean. Dean decided it would be best to change the subject.
I hope everyone’s enjoying the fic, if you’re still sticking with me!
“I dunno, he was just upset and stuff, like he was crying ‘n stuff... Because you were gone.”
Anyways, I’ll just shut up now and say thank you to a certain someone who has refused to be named that helped with this chapter when my writer's block ass couldn’t do anything. And also blame Jas for encouraging this title… because apparently, we all need to be called out by Dean twice today.
Rusty could hear the gasp that came out of Cas at the unexpected contact, but Rusty wasn’t worried, they knew that they couldn’t truly hurt Cas.
Dean noticed how quiet Cas was being, how still he was. He seemed worried almost.
“Rowena,” he called out to her, grateful that he had found her before some other demon found him and decided to make the journey even harder than it needed to be.
When Castiel’s eyes finally landed on Dean, his heart broke. Dean’s wrists were tied together, holding his body up as they hung from above him. Cas could tell that he was unconscious, his head lolled to the side, his breathing shallow, but steady. He also noticed the small patch of blood on his temple and the way it’d begun to roll down the side of his face.
“Shh Dean, it’s okay. I’m here. You could never keep me away for long.”
Dean glanced down at the angel’s lips while he was talking, suddenly distracted as he watched as the angel’s tongue darted out just for a second to wet them. Damn, the things he wished he’d do with that tongue.
Cas’ hands made their way into Dean’s hair, tugging not so gently.
“No, I have something to show you, or I guess for you.”
He closed the door behind himself rather quickly, leaning against the door trying to pretend that nothing had happened and that it was all just a horrible dream. After a few deep breathes, he opened his eyes, which he hadn’t realized were even shut, and dropped his things on the ground. It was then that something caught Dean’s eye. He blinked twice, thinking he was just imagining it at first, but no, he wasn’t.
“Well, sorry won’t make him any less bear-like or get rid of that murderous look in his eye.”
The sun was beginning to set once they’d gotten everyone out of the woods and called for some help to come get them all. Once they were sure everyone was fine, they drove off, heading back to the motel for one last night, planning to drive back to the bunker the following morning. Dean was exhausted from the day, not just from the hiking, but also from being dragged through the woods. Cas may have healed his wounds from earlier, but his body still ached all over.
Dean felt a warm heat spread across his face, but then Cas pulled his hand away from his thigh, making his body feel cold, despite the flush that was still painted on his cheeks. Dean missed the warmth of Cas’s hand instantly, but he didn’t know what to say or do after a response like that. I mean, it hadn’t really answered his question, but in a way, it also did.
“Dad?” Dean asked, mostly confused. “What are you- you’re dead.”
Things seemed to be getting a bit back to normal once they had returned home. There was a lot more room in the bunker, so it was easier for them to all have their own space and thankfully their own rooms. Throughout the week, Sam had slowly stopped with the jokes or little smirks around Dean and Cas. Cas also wasn’t hanging off Dean all the time which he was both relieved and disappointed by. He actually hadn’t seen very much of Cas since they had been back. It was a little strange not having him around after the events that occurred during the hunting trip, and he probably would have paid a bit more attention to it if he hadn’t been so preoccupied with his thoughts or these damn dreams that just wouldn’t stop. He did, however, still know that Cas was still in the bunker.
Thanks for reading and thank you to anyone who's left a kudos or a comment! Feel free to yell at me there, I don't mind.
It was Bobby. Cas hadn’t noticed he was even here until now, but it didn’t matter. Nothing else mattered right now. He just tried shrugging Bobby’s hand off of him.
When he heard it for a second time, that’s when he started to move closer to the source of the voices, curious about why they were saying his name. He could tell already that it was Sam and Cas, even without actually being able to hear much about what they were actually saying.
Dean looked down and he watched Cas fully strip down in front of him, his hand falling from Cas’ hair as he watched and caught sight of his naked body, his cock bouncing lightly.
“It- Just come look at it.”
“Yea- Yeah, Cas. I-I’ll listen, l’ll be good.”
They both take all the fruit out of the fridge and set it on the counter, then they proceed to wash it all and, after Cas’ insistence, put it all on some big fancy dish that seemed to appear out of nowhere.
Dean almost doesn’t believe what he heard. Did Cas just- he did, he really did say that. Dean needs to remember this for later…
Within moments he was back inside their room at the motel, not bothering with using a door because he didn’t have to. On high alert, before he even arrived, Castiel’s eyes darted around the room, in search of any sign of a threat. Coming up empty, he relaxed just a little, but not completely as something was still wrong, he could still
He vigorously wiped them away, trying to make them stop. He could do this, he had to do this. He needed to be strong, for Dean. It’s always for Dean. Everything he had ever done, always for that man, the man that he loved.
The man who haunted their dreams half the time. They felt weak. This was something that they had always wished for, just to catch a glimpse of the man, that hunter. How Rusty so badly wanted to just touch him, to sink themselves into him.
When Jack was done, it was quiet for a few minutes. You could have heard the sound of a pin drop, but then the silence was broken.
He was also too hungry to think about it too much and judging by the way that Miracle was whining over by his food dish making puppy eyes at Dean, he was too.
“I- You just banged some random chick because of
David just smiled kindly at Dean before replying.
“Yes, I think I understand the appeal.”
“Yes,” Cas replied once again.
He stood there for a few seconds, outstretching his hand in the air, hovering above the hunter. He held his breath, unsure of if he should disturb Dean or not. Without over-analyzing the situation, he lowered his hand to the hunter’s shoulder, feeling him jump beneath his touch. Dean’s face was turned away from Cas, but he could see as his hands flew to his face, rubbing it furiously as he rolled his body around to face the intruder. It took him a moment before recognition hit him and his expression calmed once he noticed it was only Cas. Dean pushed his way up into a sitting position with his knees bent and his feet planted firmly on the mattress.
“Yea- Yeah. Everything’s good.” Dean wiped a hand down his face, rubbing away the tears. ”Just uh, figuring a few things out…” Dean spoke, glancing at Cas, before looking back at Sam.
“So, you’re not trying to replace me then?”
Dean was the one who pulled away, needed to get some air. His forehead rested against the angel’s again, looking into his blue eyes. They were breathtaking. He didn’t think anything could be better than this moment, that anything could possibly bring him more joy than this.
They were already almost outside Dean’s bedroom door, so Dean only had to nudge Cas a few steps backwards until they hit Dean’s room. Thankfully the door was open, so he didn’t have to waste time struggling to open it. Once they were both fully through the doorway, Dean pushed the door shut with his foot. Finally they were truly alone, with no means of interruption.
“Geez Cas, a little creepy don’t you think?” He snapped it out, a little too harshly maybe, but Cas didn’t seem to notice.
Castiel didn’t question it, he just left it, complying with Dean’s request without hesitation. Dean didn’t have much time to bask in the glory of being listened to though, or much time to appreciate the newly exposed skin of the angel because not a moment later, one of Castiel’s hands found a place on his neck, the other snaking around his waist and Dean was being pulled in for a bruising kiss.
Cas didn't look at him while talking, but Dean could
“Everything okay out there?”
Castiel reached out one hand, bringing it to rest on Dean’s arm. “I promise.”
“Are you alright? Do you need me to stop?”
“I love you, Jack. Don’t ever forget that.”
“Oh right, sorry. I’ll just go do… something…” Cas trailed off, looking away from Dean.
Dean’s heart warmed. Was Cas really going to go through all this effort for them? It was their first Christmas that they had all spent together and Cas was just trying to make it special. Dean couldn’t help the sense of fondness he felt for the angel.
“Dean, what's going on? I know something’s bothering you. I just want to help.”
He stayed there, his heart racing in his chest as he continued to listen, hoping to hear more about it, feeling more thankful than he’d ever been when he heard Cas say that he hadn’t listened to it yet. That calmed him a bit, but not much, as Cas could still listen to it at any time.
They were in their own little bubble until Jack had disturbed them. It was almost as if Mary had woken up from a dream when that happened, remembering her life, her whole life, not just the good parts, but the bad parts too. She had almost forgotten them while being here. It was a bit confusing at first, but she managed. She was doing quite well with it all and that’s what Jack told Cas when he asked about her.
“Mhmm,” Dean piped in, nodding his head once in agreement, with a tight smile on his face.
As he walked closer to them in the brightly lit halls of heaven, Cas noticed him over the shoulder of Dara, smiling softly at him, pride shining in his eyes. Jack began to smile back at him as he heard another murmur. A voice he hadn’t heard in months, it was soft and quiet, but he could hear it clearly.
Dean just rolled his eyes at him, hoping Cas didn’t see it.
“Just for tonight then, okay?”
“What- I’m not- why would you think that?”
The longer he listened, the more he knew that Cas was right about him leaving. That he shouldn’t have left, or at least not yet, and not like that. He abandoned his only real family and they were suffering. Sam and Dean both. Jack heard everything Sam said, some things he knew already, but others were quite shocking to him. He had no idea that Cas had felt that way about Dean, or even Dean about Cas. He wasn’t sure what to do with this information, should he say something to Cas? Maybe not… It probably wouldn’t be best to meddle, they would need to figure it out on their own.
There was that little voice again, but Dean didn’t have the energy to argue with it anymore.
“It’s okay, Cas, I’m already starting to warm back up,” Dean said with a smile.
“Okay um, okay, yes don’t want any bad luck. That would be… bad…”
“So…” Dean spoke, awkwardly breaking the silence and pointedly ignoring Sam’s wink. “Movie?” he suggested with a hopeful tone to his voice.
At some point during the night Dean rolled over, still asleep and his arm stuck out, landing on one of Cas’ arms. It sat there for a while before it tightened slightly and worked its way down to his hand, holding on tight and bringing it to his chest.
This was all before Dean had finally opened up to Sam, before he shared with him why he had been affected so strongly by Cas’ death this time. When he told Sam what Cas had said, and how Dean had said nothing in return. This was before Dean had started to eat just a bit more of the food when it was brought to him, before he started to spend more time out of his room and around Sam, before he actually started to leave the bunker a few times when it wasn’t for a liquor run or due to Sam pestering him to get some fresh air. All of this was when Sam had finally become hopeful that his brother was clawing his way out of the dark pit of despair he had dug himself.
“Let’s go get the other’s now, alright?”
Dean took another bite of the burger and tried to think about what they could do. What he didn't notice was the small moan that escaped him because of the fucking fantastic taste, but when he looked at Cas again as soon as he found an answer, he raised his eyebrows, because the other man's face was flushed completely.
Dean realized that they had been silent for a bit too long now. He should say something, right?
Suddenly Dean found himself alone in his bed.
“Are you kidding me, Cas?”
There were a few clothes in the way of the cord, so he picked them up, and put the few articles on the other side of the pile. Coming into full view then, was the phone charger.
“Uh, what time is it?” He questioned.
This continued on throughout the second day. Dean kept bumping into Cas when he was around and he kept standing way too close. It was a very long day and Dean just couldn’t wait to get back to the motel and go to sleep for the night.
Lucifer.
you,” Dean exclaimed from his spot on the bed where he was still trying to ignore Sam’s, and now Cas’ existence.
In the background, there were trees, a lot of them. Evergreen trees, he thinks. From what he could tell, they were surrounding the grassy area. It must’ve been a little clearing in a forest somewhere. At least he imagined it was somewhere, someplace that Cas had actually visited. A place where he sat in the middle of the clearing, just sketching for hours. He also liked to imagine that one day Cas would take him there, that Dean could lay in the grass, in the warm sun as Cas sat there beside him, just drawing again. Maybe drawing the bees again, or maybe drawing Dean there with him. It was a nice thought to have, and it was one that had used to be filled with sadness, with the knowledge that he would never know if the field was real or not and that Dean would never get to see it, but now there was hope. Anything was possible now, anything could happen and it was the greatest feeling.
Living in the bunker was different too. Sure, Jack was no longer there bouncing around the halls, but now the whole atmosphere felt different. He really did love spending time there, something he’d gotten used to before his death, and it wasn’t a bad different, it was just kinda new.
When he woke up, he was a bit dazed, his eyes fluttering softly, still remembering the dream, still feeling it. Then his gaze shifted slightly, his eyes had adjusted to the dark room and there standing at the foot of his bed was the angel he had been dreaming about. Cas. He was just standing there with his eyes glued to Dean, his gaze unwavering.
“See, just like this, you think you’ve got it,” Dean asked, looking at the side of Cas’ face.
How could Dean have pushed him away? How did Cas let Dean push him away? Did he know that Dean might come around or that something would bring them back together when he walked away from the bunker, from Dean? Or did Cas truly believe that this is what Dean wanted, that he would truly be happy if Cas was not in his life, if he left and never came back.
Hello again! Who's ready for a little bit of smut?
They weren’t as delicate as he thought, but he could just imagine how good it would feel to have that contrast of Dean’s smooth skin and the textured edges of the panties under his skin.
“You okay over there? You looked a bit out of it for a minute.”
One of Dean’s hands wound their way into Cas’ hair, pulling. He didn’t even mean to, but the sound Cas made, the moan followed by the vibrations that surrounded Dean’s dick made him do it again. He tugged harder this time, causing a louder sound to erupt from Cas’ throat. He had no idea Cas would be into that, but now he would never forget.
“Cas?” Dean called out, a little louder than normal.
Mary was quite disgusted that she had spent all that time in heaven with a man like John. She couldn’t wait to finally be done with him, to protect her sons from a monster like that. If this was one last thing she could do for her boys, then she’d do it gladly.
He couldn’t even finish his question as Cas had taken three quick steps forward, punching John right in the face, causing him to fall back on his ass from the force of it.
“But I think we can fix that… if you’d like to? And I also think there’s still more you should know. That both of you should know.”
“Why don’t you go find and save those children now, Sam? I’ve got it covered here.”
There wasn’t much left behind by the angel this time. His whole being was gone. There was no body to burn this time, no trench coat for him to hold on to. He needed to focus on saving all the people Chuck hurt, but it was so hard. All he could think about was Cas.
“Please try to be careful with it.”
Once Castiel was certain that Dean had fallen asleep, he got up from the chair, deciding to go for a walk. It was a beautiful night, the sky clear, the town quiet. He knew that they’d be doing a great deal of walking the next day or two, but he didn’t care, it wasn’t as if something like that truly made him tired. Things were also different at night, he enjoyed the quietness that came with it. It was peaceful, the world asleep around him.
“Okay, that’s not fair. Do you
not okay, I mean if we need a sign on that just look at him or even just the way he is now, how if you’re not within his sightline he’ll get all fidgety and weird until he can see you. Cas, that’s not normal behaviour.”
Cas glanced up at Dean again, shyly.
Cas’ eyes widened, “You- you don’t mean. Dean you’re straight.”
Dean looked down, face flushed as he realised that Cas had heard him. That was not something he should have said, now he’d probably made Cas uncomfortable. He heard the shuffling of some feet then, and as he looked up Cas was standing right in front of him, eyes glued to Dean’s face. He then placed a hand on Dean’s shoulder and pulled him close, until his lips were brushing against Dean’s ear.
Chuck scoffed, “why would you ever think I would want to help you?”
Then, “You’re cold,” Cas observed.
He knew by now that Cas must’ve been following him because of the creaking of the door he heard only a few moments after he made it outside. Pausing, Dean waited beside a tall oak tree for Cas to make his way closer. As he stood there, he remembered that it was still only March, so it was a little cold and he hadn’t bothered to wear a jacket. He didn’t care though, at least the sun was still out and even if it wasn’t, he was not going to turn around to go get one.
, and if something happens, you'll know. If it gets me, you know where to find me."
He’d only been out for an hour or two when he felt that something was off. Not being quite able to place it at first, he paused, focusing all his attention on that one thing. Then, all of a sudden, it hit him like a damn truck. It was
Dean decided to go out for a supply run, remembering that they seemed to be low on some food when he was digging around for breakfast. He made up a list of things to get, asking Sam and Eileen if there was anything they needed before he decided to head out. Cas had offered to go with him earlier so once he was ready to go he went to look for the angel, finding him sitting in a chair in the library, reading through a book.
He snapped out of it, recognition spreading across his face. He shifted in the chair, crossing one leg over the other, adjusting his coat across his body. He almost looked uncomfortable. Dean just assumed it was from sitting in that damn chair all night long, but maybe that wasn’t all it was.
He had to take breaks between each angel, feeling the power draining from him each time. The process had taken over a month, and that didn’t even include what Chuck had taught him before all of this. Once he was done, however, he returned to Chuck, wanting to check-in, and hoping he could maybe get one last thing from him in return.
“Come on, what’s going on?”
He paused, and Dean could feel his breath ghosting on his skin. “Are you going to beg now?”
The bunker was silent today, although that was not unusual as it was a bunker and there were only three people residing there. Cas still wondered, however, where everyone was. It was already past midday and he hadn’t seen much of either brother today.
And then they continued. Time kept passing by, but they didn’t stop again, they just kept on making as much noise as they could.
Cas traded a look with Dean, his eyebrows raised. “Is what happening?” he questioned.
He was having a hard time breathing at this point, so he reluctantly pulled away for a moment. Cas was wasting no time, however, and used this to his advantage, gripping his shirt in his hands and pulling it over Dean’s head, tossing it to the floor. He then followed suit with his own, pulling it over his head as well.
Dean scooted over a little, over to the left side of the bed, giving Cas some room so he could sit more comfortably and lean against the headboard, then he laid back down, turning his body away from Cas.
“It’s just-“ Sam started before Dean quickly cut him off.
They saved the whole world again, but it still didn’t feel right. Dean knew he should feel happy. He was free, and everyone else was free from Chuck too. Everyone was safe, yet Dean couldn’t be happy, not nearly as happy and relieved as he should have been and he knew why.
“Son of a bitch,” Dean yelled out as Cas’ grip remained tight around Dean’s body, keeping him pressed against his chest.. “You think you could’ve been a little more gentle? I was just dragged through the fucking woods.”
Dean sighed, looking up at the sky before back down at the angel before him.
He moaned out in pleasure, body going slack against the table as Cas started working it in and out of his body. One finger turned into two, then somehow turned into four as he stretched out Dean.
But before that, and maybe a little bit afterwards, words needed to be spoken and Dean was more than ready to say them. It had been one of the only things he had been able to think about these past few weeks. Dean needed to tell Cas, he needed to tell him everything before it was too late, before something happened that tore him away from the angel again.
“See you picked the sweatpants. Comfy, aren’t they?”
Dean and Cas had still not said a word, and Sam was not waiting for them to, because as soon as he made it safely down the stairs, he was booking it to the nearest hallway to get as far away from that as humanly possible.
Sam told him how he wasn’t even sure if Dean had been eating anymore and that he was terrified to lose his brother. He had already lost so many people, too many to count, and now with Cas dead and Jack leaving them, Sam didn’t think he would survive it if Dean was gone too.
He tried to talk, but it just came out choked and strained. “C- Cas- s-stop.”
something about it.
was in fact something that at first glance seemed to just be a sliver of his underwear poking out. That was until he noticed that it was not the normal, plain-looking fabric he had expected. No, it was textured. Upon further inspection, he realized that it was
“Dean,” he breathed out, sounding wrecked, “fuck- please come here.”
They decided to head out for breakfast and some coffee before they really got started. That also meant that Cas had opted for changing into a pair of Dean’s jeans, leaving the sweatpants that he had been wearing behind for later. After breakfast, they headed back to the motel room, spending the rest of the morning there sorting through the information Jody had sent them and looking for some of their own. It was really quite a productive morning.
It was Dean’s turn to nod his head. It felt like there was a lump in this throat, and he didn’t know what to say next.
“So, uhh what were you doing? Like when I was asleep, I mean, you uh, your eyes were closed and stuff when I woke up and I didn’t wanna disturb you.”
“Yes, Cas, I know what a salad looks like,” Dean sighed.
,” John spoke with disgust evident in that one word. “Is not even human. He’s some creature, something that we hunt.”
“I didn’t fight my way out of the empty and spend weeks just wishing I could be there with you, for you to just act like an idiot and not even see me.”
Thanks for any kudos or comments!
Slowly they went, they had to go slow as John was limping from the beating he had taken. The only option was to move at a sluggish rate. Eventually, they made their way into a larger open area, one that had several different doors attached to it and another hallway leading into darkness.
“I thought you were dead, Dean told us that you were gone, that you sacrificed yourself.”
Afterwards, Cas would walk with Dean to his room. They both go in and close the door, sometimes Miracle would already be in there, laying on Dean’s bed, but other times he’d be off sleeping elsewhere in the bunker.
“Cas are you alright? You look like you’ve seen-“
Cas was ashamed to admit that his hips began to stutter really fucking soon but by that point he had lost all control, he wasn’t able to stop himself. The anticipation that led up to this event really was not helping at all.
Luckily, the drive wasn’t far since he still lived in the same town he lived in with his aunt and soon enough they had arrived and parked outside of a small, light green coloured house.
Cas just hummed in agreement, watching as Dean walked over towards the other side of the bed, turning the light off on his way. Discarding his jeans in a heap on the floor, he finally flopped down onto the bed with a content groan that Cas could hear loud and clear from his own seated position on the bed. It didn’t take long for the sounds of snoring to become clear in the room, signalling to Cas that Dean had fallen asleep, and quite quickly, he might add.
“Looks like we both lost, huh.”
Dean turned around then, hoping to catch a glimpse of
“Dean?” Cas called out in a panic, rushing to his side. “Dean, what’s going on?”
“I’m not an idiot.”
“Thank you… for the coat.”
Dean just stared at Cas. What he felt could only be described as a feeling of awe.
As Dean bent down, Cas’ eyes began to wander down to his body, unable to keep his eyes from watching the way Dean’s ass stuck out in the air as he scooped up the bag of food. As Dean stood up, Cas quickly averted his gaze, which did not go completely unnoticed by Dean, but was not something that he was willing to comment on.
The girl reached her hands out, still not looking Cas in the eyes. “She…” the girl mumbled quietly. “It’s a girl.”
“Cas, I- sorry I-”
“Wait,” Dean started, grabbing his attention. “Leave it on.”
Without waiting for a response, Dean was out the door, eager to get on with the case.
He missed Dean, he missed seeing him happy, seeing the joy on his face when he’d belt out a song from one of his few albums in the impala.
Cas shook his head, “No, I was actually going to say he got off easy for all that he’s done.”
With that, Cas started to move his hips, shutting Dean right up and turning the rest of his words into a strangled gasp. Cas seemed pleased with himself, as he slowly worked up to a rhythm, his head falling back from the pleasure. Dean felt so hot and tight around him, it was almost too much to bear.
Sam didn’t go into too much detail about how bad Dean really was. Jack had witnessed it when he was still around and besides, Sam didn’t want Jack to feel guilty about leaving them. He knew he left for a reason, and he was proud of Jack, but he was still hurting. It was difficult for Sam to see his brother in this much pain and it was even more difficult to talk about it. But now Sam knew that he needed to tell Jack everything. He needed to stop holding back, he needed to tell Jack how it only seemed to be getting worse. He knew this was going to be hard, but he didn’t have any other ideas, there was no one else he could turn to for help and besides, even if Jack wasn’t an all-powerful god now, Jack should still know. Jack knew Dean and he still cared about him. He needed to understand that this was not going to end, that Dean was not going to get better, so he prayed to Jack again.
Dean left no space between their bodies, he could feel every inch of Cas pressed against himself, but he wanted more, he needed more.
“I guess not…”
Balthazar’s chuckles faded out.
It was a night, just like any other. Rusty was bored. There were these weird second grade monster’s that had been visiting their home recently, but they didn’t like them. They wore these god-awful masks. Rusty joked with themself, thinking that they looked like mimes, but they liked to refer to them as clowns. They made him laugh, they were funny to watch, always coming up with these elaborate plans that were completely unnecessary.
Cas pulled off him then, rising up to Dean’s level, looking him Dean in the eyes. Dean’s hand was still tightly wound in Cas’ hair.
“Goodmorning, Sam, Elieen,” he spoke while also signing. “It’s good to see you again Eileen.”
“It’s not an obsession, okay? And you can’t tell me that he’s not attractive, I mean even if I
I didn’t even do anything, I mean trust me I tried to find something, anything, but nothing. There was nothing, and that was forever ago anyways…”
He wasn’t entirely sure where Cas was at that moment, but he was pretty sure he had wanted to call Jack to check up on him, so Dean assumed he was off somewhere doing that.
When it was fully opened, the noise became loud and clear. It rang throughout the bunker’s hallway, bouncing off the walls. It was deafening. That was the first time he heard the broken sobs, completely unfiltered and it made him pause. He just stood there for a long time leaning against the doorway, not moving. He was too taken aback to move, to even think about anything except his brother and the pain he must be in. He wanted to go to him, to try to calm him down, to tell him everything would be alright, but he didn’t. Something was stopping him. Partly shock, yes, but he also knew this was a private moment for Dean. He had never done this while Sam was awake or around him, he didn’t want him to hear or to know the pain that he was really in. He didn’t want Sam to truly know the extent of it because it would only cause him to worry even more.
Reluctantly, Castiel slid his hand from Jack’s shoulder, a sad smile painted on his face, not wanting the last time Jack saw him to be like this, without a smile. He didn’t want him to think he wasn’t proud of him, because he was. He couldn’t be any prouder of the person he had become.
Just like that Sam’s body seemed like it wanted to work again and he took this opportunity before he lost his chance. He spun around and hurried away from the kitchen as fast as his legs would take him. As he rounded the corner though he crashed straight into Jack.
“I, uh, I don’t think it was intentional or that you were consciously aware of it… It just- Okay, maybe I should just start over,” Cas paused for a minute, gathering his thoughts before he spoke once again. “I was asleep, just like before, just like all the others, but then something... a sound pulled me out of it. It woke me up.”
“The disappearances. Every so often we’ll hear about it and they’re never found. Not any of them. My family wasn’t the first to go missing and they weren’t the last. David paused, taking a breath. “I know that there’s something out there and it certainly isn’t a bear. You being here just further confirms that, so don’t lie to me.”
“Yes, but either way, do you really think you can come back from the dead and have me not know about it?”
Okay, I'm really sorry about this, but it's kinda necessary for what's gonna happen in the next few chapters. Things will start to look a bit more hopeful within the next two chapters so hopefully, you can bear with me until then!
Like Misha why are you doing this to us. and why did you tag Jen's name DIRECTLY over the heart?
“Is that…” Cas started, not quite wanting to say it.
(See the end of the chapter for
?” Dean asked incredulously. “How? I’m getting fucking eaten alive.”
ha okay so I KNOW it's been a while since I posted so I'm sorry!! Life has been kinda crazy with exams and essays due and then I got sick but I'm fine now and I'm done school so yayy! So here's another chapter and I'm sorry for making everyone wait but I hope you enjoy this.
Cas didn’t know when exactly he fell in love with Dean, he thinks there was always some part of him that did ever since he pulled him from hell, even if he didn’t realize it back then, he had always held a special interest in him. Cas paid him special attention, he listened and came to him when he called, he valued what Dean had to say and wanted to listen to him because he knew what kind of man the older Winchester was. He knew what drove him, he knew he wouldn’t be doing something if he didn’t believe it to be right. Castiel had seen even back then, how much Dean truly cared about the world and the people in it.
“Cas, what the hell, man? How are you-”
He tried to speak again. This time actual words managed to come out, and words that would not make him want to flit off the moment he said them.
Maybe it hurt Dean a little that Cas never felt like he could be open about it, about something so personal to him, but he’d never let anyone know that. It’s not like Cas should have told him, it wasn’t really something that Dean had the right to know or had any business in.
“Well, no, but stop avoiding the question.”
Sam shook his head. “Nothing… ‘t’s just that- I dunno man, it’s just nice to see you smile again…”
“I’m sorry, but did you say Raphael and Lucifer? They’re both dead? How?”
Those words still ring in his head. They play on repeat. He should have said it back, should have said anything! Why didn’t he say it back?
“Sure. Lead the way.”
Then, before he could even register what was happening, he was coming as well, unable to control himself after witnessing the sight before him and the goddamn unholy noises that were erupting from the angel who was only a few meters away. All rational thought was thrown out the window then, Dean’s brain going blank and completely forgetting the need to be as quiet as possible because he was not supposed to be there.
Things had been going fairly well so far. They had only been there for around forty-five minutes and were almost done with the list. So far, they’d been able to find everything.
He can’t say his name.
Dean was practically whimpering, practically begging, and who was Cas to deny him of what he so desperately wanted.
Dean dropped the bag on the table and sat down, beginning to unpack whatever it was that was in the bag. First, he pulled out a burger, which thankfully, was not squished from the impact with the ground.
"Cas I-" he said, stumbling over the words, not knowing what he was even going to say.
Cas slotted himself between Dean’s thighs now, his lips returning to Dean’s in a bruising kiss. It was all hot and messy with no hesitation. He was finally taking what he wanted, what he had been wanting for some time now. He was going to take Dean, he was going to make him scream his name, make him beg.
Cas muttered under his breath, not entirely meaning for Sam to hear, but also not too concerned about if he did hear it.
That’s when it happened. Dean looked at Rusty, he actually looked at them. He couldn’t believe it, in the middle of the fight, Rusty had finally been noticed by the hunter. Rusty thought and hoped that Dean was going to kill this stupid, delusional clown once and for all. But then, all at once, Rusty’s dreams were crushed and fulfilled all at once. The clown had won, but Rusty had won as well.
Rounding the corner and making his way through the doorway, he was surprised to see both brothers sitting at a table together, each one with a laptop in front of them. As he drew closer, he saw Sam throw something at Dean to get his attention, a piece of crumpled-up paper, he soon realized.
“Better, I think.”
With that, Cas disappeared, returning to heaven, to try and figure out a way to save Castiel knowing that nothing could be done about Chuck at the moment.
“Okay I uh, I had an idea... about heaven. We can talk more about it when we all get back and get everyone settled and caught up on what’s going on. We should tell the others that it’s time for them to come home.”
“Well, talking about something can also start the process of healing, plus I’ve also been told I’m a good listener.”
“Don’t worry about it. We have more bacon?”
He looked Cas in the eyes, as his grip tightened on the blue tie, as he said “Merry Christmas, angel,” and leaned forward smashing his lips against Cas’.
Dean didn’t think he could get any happier, but then Cas said that and he was consumed with joy and love for the angel laying beside him.
First, the zoom link that he had to share (which honestly I'm so fucking glad he did because well the world is fucked up and things like that need to be discussed) and then second THE BIRTHDAY TWEET.
“Oh, I see. Sam went out while you were gone by the way. He wanted to go for a run.”
Dean got up from the bed, walking over to Cas. He placed a finger under Cas’ chin, tilting his head back up so he could look him in the eye. “I’d love that. Thanks, Cas.”
Cas stayed silent before realizing that Dean was looking at him expectantly and then it sunk in that Dean was asking
Dean felt the tie trail along his thigh before anything else, the first point of contact. Then, it was Castiel’s lips, placing light kisses on his stomach, and then, it was his tongue. Darting out quickly to remove all traces of come from Dean’s stomach. The longer he worked, the closer he got to Dean’s panties.
“Oh, I see,” Chuck smirked. “It’s about the rapidly declining angel problem, huh? What makes you think that I’d care about any of that? Go bother someone else.”
“You know, Sammy you could make those giant trees you call legs useful,” he joked, thinking it was only Sam who walked in. When he got no response, and also had no luck in that cupboard, he closed it and turned around. The sight he was greeted with was not Sam though.
“And you’re not curious about what it might say?”
He didn’t have many photos of Cas, but he had a few. A couple of them were with their family, Jack, Sam, Dean, and Cas, there were also a few that included Mary as well. Dean’s favourite he had by far was one he took of Cas sort of as a joke. Cas had only noticed at the last second that Dean was even taking a picture of him. He had made him wear that stupid cowboy hat on a case once, the first case that they had worked once Cas had come back from the Empty, when he managed to annoy a cosmic being so much that it let him live. That was a story.
“Dean, I mean it,” he said, gripping one of Dean’s hands.
Sam still worried, of course, he did. Nobody knowing the things they did would be foolish enough to not worry, but it wasn’t so prominent, it didn’t take up all his focus.
“That’s exactly what I expect, or at least you fight for him, you show him that he deserves your love, that it’s something he can have, that he shouldn’t be afraid of it. You take care of him, you hear me?”
Shaking himself from his thoughts, Cas clasped his fingers around the knife, needing to get the hell away from this situation before he had another situation of his own to deal with. Hastily, he pulled the knife out, but that had ended up doing more harm than good because the knife decided to snag on the edge of Dean’s pocket, causing his hand to slip and brush against the pink lace that was still peaking out. A gasp escaped his lips before he could stop it and he was standing way too close to Dean for him to not hear it.
Cas placed a hand on Dean’s shoulder turning his body towards him, not letting Dean slip away so easily. He studied the other man’s face more closely, a softer look appearing on his own face as he watched him.
A few days went by and Dean didn’t feel so alone anymore, he was starting to show signs of his old self again, and then something happened, something always seems to happen.
“Just-
“Yeah?”
Cas must’ve seen one of them because he went out to reach for something on the other side of the aisle, but apparently, he hadn’t been paying full attention to his surroundings. Luckily, Dean had, as he noticed two small girls were barrelling down the aisle, giggling about something and heading straight for Cas. Dean acted quickly.
Dean froze once again, but luckily there was no food in his mouth as he’d just swallowed the last bite of his sandwich.
“Maybe you could try reaching out to Jack?” Eileen said.
What was Cas doing to him… sure he had been dominated in bed before, but not like this, it had never had this strong of an effect on him. But it had never been with Cas before either. Dean didn’t know a single person could even have this much of an effect on another. Oh, he was completely, and utterly screwed.
It really only took until the next day before Sam called Dean again, needing to check up on him. Yes, he told Cas to keep an eye on him, but that still didn’t feel like enough. Cas didn’t know how bad things had gotten and Sam also just needed to hear from Dean that things were okay
Dean was still eyeing him, a bit unsure about what was going through the angel’s mind.
“Sometimes it didn’t even matter if I did something or if I deserved it… sometimes he’d just… he’d take his frustration out on me, just because I was there, just because I was around and I couldn’t- I wouldn’t do anything about it. I’d just let him hurt me, daddy’s blunt little instrument I guess…” he whispered out.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean missed Cas.
“Come here,” Eileen said, embracing Sam and trying to comfort him. It’s been hard on both of them seeing Dean like this. Sam misses his brother, but he also lost a friend, he lost family. Cas had died, and yes he had felt the loss but he also didn’t have time to worry about it too much, not at first. He was still heartbroken from losing Eileen and he was so focused on finding a way to take down Chuck and to bring her back. He feels guilty… he knew Dean needed him, but Sam was also mourning someone else and he wasn’t there for Dean as much as he always should have been.
“I know Chuck probably seems harmless now, but it wouldn’t be wise to underestimate him and I guess I’m just a bit disappointed that you didn’t learn from our past mistakes.”
Cas knew it wasn’t his place to tell Jack the details, but he couldn’t let him keep John here, not when he knew what he knew.
“A walk,” his words were brief, and not really at all helpful. He wasn’t sure if Cas was following him or not, but he was quite sure he heard a brief shuffling sound. Not wanting to turn back, however, he continued up the stairs, not stopping until he was a little ways away from the bunker door and into the trees behind it.
What one would perceive as Castel’s regret if he ever noticed his carelessness would inevitably become extremely fortunate for Dean.
Eventually, the conversation turns to another subject before fading out altogether. Both take the time to let all this new information sink in because, in all honesty, it was a shock to them both. Things felt different, more open to possibilities now.
He’d done this enough to know what he was doing so it didn’t take much time at all and soon, the smell of the meat cooking was wafting through the air.
"Come on, I just wanna help you clean up-"
Cas must’ve noticed the look of panic on his face because he sat up beside Dean to place a gentle kiss on Dean’s lips.
After a moment, Dean opened his eyes, blinking the sleep away before looking around the room. It was dark, but there was just enough light coming through the blinds from outside for him to notice Cas not far away. Actually, he was close. Really fucking close. Like if Dean moved an inch he’d be knocking Cas off the bed close.
“Wait… homophobic? Why does that matter in this situation?”
“Yes, I’m sure. It’s him, it’s really him. I swear Claire. He uh, he’s here and he wants to talk to you…”
“Oh uh, yeah. Just one thing. Red or Blue?” Dean asked, holding up the two leashes, wanting Cas’ opinion.
Dean’s voice got a little louder, with the next part, pulling back from Cas a little, grabbing one of the angel’s hands in his own.
Maybe his thinking was a bit far-fetched, but honestly who could blame him? He’d literally just woken up so his brain was not prepared to deal with this and even if he hadn’t just woken up, there was still every single one of his previous relationships he had to consider and the way they’d ended.
“Y-yes, I’ll behave,” Dean stuttered out, much to Cas’ satisfaction which only increased when Dean let out a surprised whine as their hips aligned and their erections grazed against each other.
“Hey…” Dean says, tilting his head down to catch Cas’ eyes as he carries it back up.
Dean took the short trip down the kitchen steps, a smile light on his face, as he slowly walked over to the angel, who was still standing near the stove.
A few seconds later, Dean heard the crunching of twigs snapping beneath the weight of Cas’s feet, and then, there was Cas, standing a little too close, but nothing that was abnormal for them.
Deciding that there was no way he was going to fall back asleep while they were both talking, Dean just let his thoughts run wild. But they really didn’t run far. Only to last night really, to his and Cas’ conversation.
Dean nodded his head before he realized that Cas may not be able to see him too clearly in the darkness.
Once he felt the hard ridge on the knife, Cas removed both of his hands, using his right one to slide down into the correct pocket until he felt the smooth metal on his fingertips. The force of his hand sliding into Dean’s pocket, however, had caused his jeans to slide down, only by an inch, but that was more than enough for Cas to catch a full view of the sliver of pink that stuck out beautifully against Dean’s skin. His breath caught in his throat, trying his best to not react in a way that would catch Dean’s attention because now he knew the answer to the question that had been plaguing his mind before. Dean was most definitely still wearing the same panties that Cas had caught him in the previous night.
Finally, he pulled back slowly, cupping Cas’ face and looking into his eyes again, those beautiful blue eyes. Dean wanted to make sure Cas knew what he was going to do next. His gaze shifted down towards his lips, then back up again. Then he leaned in slowly and brushed his lips against Cas’. It was soft and tender and full of love.
“Hey, why don’t you go get some plates and stuff while this finishes up and then see if Jack and Sam are alive yet? We don’t want this delicious food to go cold while we wait for them.”
Then Dean pulls away, looking Cas in the eyes, cupping his face. He couldn’t believe that he was really here. He was finally able to look into those ocean blue eyes, getting lost in them. He could see that he wasn’t the only one overcome with emotion and being flooded by tears. They made Cas’ eyes sparkle though, making the blue stand out even more, just like the last time he had seen the angel, except this time, his eyes were filled with happiness and he wasn’t having to say goodbye.
When Dean had managed to calm himself down, he noticed Sam was giving him a strange look.
Cas turned back around then, thinking that was the end conversation before he felt Sam’s eyes still on him. He turned back around looking at the younger Winchester. He must’ve had something more to say.
“Cas? What’re you doing here?” Bobby questioned.
“Yeah, okay
The chair. It all started with a chair. Dean had moved things around, moved his chair to face his bed because he didn’t want to be alone, he couldn’t be alone. Not after all that had happened.
“Uhh no, I don't think so, why?”
“Hey, whatever you say, man.” Dean chuckled, putting his hands in the air in mock defence.
“No… I don’t think it works like that. I haven’t uhh, I haven’t felt anything since I returned to the bunker. I’m not really sure how it worked but I think our distance from one another may have played a role in it, as well as any extremely strong emotions…”
Dean typed out a quick reply.
His hands held in so tight, Dean was sure there would be bruises later on, but he couldn’t care less. He just needed Cas, needed everything he would give him.
“Yeah sure,” Dean brings the phone slightly away from his mouth for a second, getting Cas’s attention. “Jody says hi,” he spoke, looking at Cas, seeing a small smile on his lips.
“Oh. Well, okay I didn’t
. He hadn’t meant to, his mouth just decided to screw him over once again.
Cas blinked and shook his head slightly, as if snapping himself out of an intense train of thought.
“Right, yes, good point,” Cas replied, fidgeting with the edges of his trench coat sleeves while he thought about where to begin.
Cas shifted then, reminding Dean that their faces weren’t the only parts of them that were close. Just that little shift, brought the rest of their bodies in full contact with one another. He realised then that he was getting hard, and now Cas must’ve felt it too as Dean was pressed up against the angel’s hip. Dean was not alone here, however, as Cas was also pressed right up against him, and Dean could feel the rock hard bulge in his pants.
Yes, Dean didn’t like camping, who really did in their line of work? But he could still appreciate what nature had to offer.
He started to find that it didn’t even matter what he brought him or how much he loved the food, he’d still hardly touch it. Sam even went as far as to bring him pie once, and still, Dean had only taken a few small bites, before it was forgotten.
"It still works," was all Cas said and just then, Dean noticed that he had dropped his burger. A little flustered, he picked it up again but didn't go for another bite just yet.
“This better?”
different. His skin was almost sickly pale and he looked like he had lost some weight. Maybe a bit more than some. His cheeks seemed more hollow than he remembered and although he didn’t frequently see Dean bare-chested, he couldn’t ever remember a time where he could quite clearly see his ribs. It all gave Castiel an unsettling feeling, more so because of the reason he might be different. What could have caused this. He didn’t want to think about it, about just how wrong things might have been while he was away.
Over in the corner of it all, Castiel saw Balthazar looking at him with a proud, knowing smile as he watched the commotion and the hoard of angels start to gather around Jack and Castiel.
Castiel's eyes narrowed dangerously and Dean lowered his head because he knew exactly what was about to come.
Cas sighed, he knew Jack was at least partly right. Some good things did come out of the bad, some things he wouldn’t trade for the world, but he was still worried. Chuck had been such a big enemy and problem for so long and something just felt off about it all. He hoped that maybe it was just nerves, that maybe it was just about helping Jack with his plan for heaven, trying to make everything perfect or maybe it was just about Dean. He couldn’t be certain though, things never seemed to be this easy for them, never.
He paused. A buzzing was coming from his pocket. His phone. Who was even calling him?
Dean really was still quite tired, after having stayed up later than he probably should have the night before and eventually, he must’ve dozed off. He wasn’t sure when or even for how long, but it had happened.
As soon as Dean was laying down, Cas placed gentle, loving kisses from Dean’s face down his body. It was like before, but it also felt different. This time it didn’t feel as fueled by passion or lust, it was fueled by love, by Cas’ need to take care of Dean.
“I need your help.”
“Can I uh, ask something…?”
It really had been great to just live like this, but Dean was also starting to feel a little tired of the bunker’s walls and he decided maybe it was time to find a case. Cas had been back for about a week now, their newfound routine working nicely.
“Wait, Chuck
“What?”
After a few moments of standing there dumbfounded, Dean seemed to snap himself out of his head, remembering that they had a case to get on with and the drive ahead wasn’t a short one. Taking one last moment to himself to prepare for the drive ahead of them, he opened the door and got in without a word.
“You ready?” he asked as he glanced up at the angel on his way to the driver’s side door. He didn’t make it to the door, however, as he froze midstep, doing a double-take of Cas as he walked closer and to the other side of the car.
“Yeah, I’m sure, just get inside me already,” Dean said, with an exasperated sigh.
“Dean,” Cas said, sounding a bit surprised to hear Dean’s voice.
Cas felt a mix of happiness and guilt at this moment. All he wanted was for his hunter here with him, he wanted to hold him, he wanted to tell him everything was going to be okay, that they’d be okay. He needed Dean to feel something other than this emptiness that Cas felt within him. Dean deserved the world, he deserved to be happy, he deserved to be able to live a free life, but he couldn’t. Cas had broken something inside him and it caused him to lose hope.
Cas would take his seat on the chair that was now right up against Dean’s bed and he’d sit there silently while Dean brushed his teeth and got ready for bed.
John refused to budge very far at first but then she punched him in the face, right where Cas had only minutes earlier, causing John to lose his balance long enough for her to actually push him out the door. Mary was a lot stronger than she looked.
“I met some of the other angels while you were gone. You did a good job, Jack. They were wonderful.”
Just as he’d finished throwing his things inside and closed the trunk, he heard footsteps entering the garage. Without looking up, he knew who it was, just by the sound of the footsteps.
Dean let out a breath he didn’t know he had been holding. As he let it out, the tears began to fall once again. He doesn’t even notice when they start or when they stop anymore, everything is a blur.
“Cas, uh, are you alright there, man?” Sam asks, trying his best to withhold his laughter. Dean, on the other hand, is not as successful. A deep chuckle rumbles out of his throat as he looks at Cas questioningly.
“You know, I could yell at you right now for being so stupid, but what help would that be… You’ve only done the one thing we all taught you back on Earth. You only did the thing we all did countless times. You were faced with an impossible task and you tried your best to find answers, probably not even the worst thing we’ve all done.”
He feels as if there’s nothing left, feels as if someone ripped him into two, throwing the other half away. There’s nothing, there’s nobody who can help him or lessen this pain that he feels, this pain that’s consuming him. The only one who could is dead. The only one who could rid him of this despair and longing is gone.
“I really never expected to be very good at it or like it very much, but… I don’t know… I guess over time I just… I enjoyed drawing things that made me happy, moments that I didn’t want to forget. Some of the things I loved most in this life, no matter if they left or changed, I’d still have them here…”
That seemed to snap Cas back into reality because within a second, he started to move again, quickly shutting off the bathroom light and beginning to shuffle towards the chair he was sitting in earlier - and almost tripping and falling into it in the process.
“See what?” Dean just questioned, looking around to see what Cas was talking about.
“Dean, what’re you doing?” Cas asked quizzically.
“Huh, did it say any more about him?” Dean asked, trying to peer over to whatever Cas was looking at on the screen.
